
A Suspicious Suicide (Written by Saimum Islam Jeem)
Volume 1 of “Detective Khan’s Unforgettable Cases”
Copyright © Saimum Islam Jeem, 2022
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, scanning, or otherwise without written permission from the publisher. It is illegal to copy this book, post it to a website, or distribute it by any other means without permission.
This novel is entirely a work of fiction. The names, characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or localities is entirely coincidental.
Saimum Islam Jeem asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of the work.
Saimum Islam Jeem has no responsibility for the persistence or accuracy of URLs for external or third-party Internet Websites referred to in this publication and does not guarantee that any content on such Websites is, or will remain, accurate or appropriate.
Designations used by companies to distinguish their products are often claimed as trademarks. All brand names and product names used in this book and on its cover are trade names, service marks, trademarks and registered trademarks of their respective owners. The publishers and the book are not associated with any          product or vendor mentioned in this book. None of the companies referenced within the book have endorsed the book.
First Edition
Author’s Biography:
Saimum Islam Jeem, born in 2003 in Dhaka, Bangladesh, is a student of 12th grade. At the age of 18, he had decided to write a novel after publishing stories and poems with Bangladesh’s reputed magazines and newspapers. This is his debut novel of a series called “Detective Khan’s Unforgettable Cases”.
Author’s statement:
This novel is dedicated to my parents, who deliberately supported me in writing at a time when none believed in me. To my sister for pushing me to struggle and to my teachers for showing me the straightest path. Mohammad Sami Khan is my best friend’s name. The amount of sacrifices he has made for me is beyond description and I can’t repay him for it. So, I made this character for him. He is as clever and intelligent as the main protagonist. This novel is greatly dedicated to him. May God bless us all.
                                                                           - Saimum Islam Jeem
     
A Table of Contents
1.Mr. Sami Khan 
2.The Disguise of a Lifetime 
3.Neighbors 
4.Death 
5.The Forest 
6.The Woodcutter 
7.Finally, At Home! 
8.Returning to Horror 
9.Thanksgiving Day 
10.Jenny and Daisy 
11.Beneath the House 
12.The Last Piece
13.The Secret Hideout
1. Mr. Sami Khan
S. Khan, woke up on the floor, much to his surprise. He was unable to recall what happened at night. He finds his couch beside. He stood upon the blanket. Mrs. Larry came to him with his breakfast ready. 
S. Khan surprisingly asked, “Where did you find me in the morning?” 
“Well, that answer may have some complex issues related to it. I found you hanging on your blanket and when I came near, you fell off your couch. I have told you several times to prevent sleeping from here. One day you may get a bruise on your head.” 
“Sure, I can,” replied an uninterested S. Khan. 
A knock in the door while eating breakfast presented Wordsmith with a nice hat in his head. 
Wordsmith asked, “Hello, Mr. Khan, how are you feeling today?” 
S. Khan replied, “Your hat looks like it was taken with a quick decision to make whether to take it or not.”
Wordsmith replied, “Wow, I am impressed, looks like the rumors are true, how did you know?”
 Khan replied, “Most time I just believe my guts and go on with it. What does one have without one’s own belief? Have a seat.”
Unclear was his offer, as it may have sounded he was rather disturbed at the appearance of Wordsmith. 
“Mr. Wordsmith, what brings you here?” Khan said without beating around the bush. 
“Presumably another suicide in the same neighborhood. I think it needs some detective eye on it,” Wordsmith replied.
Khan took the spoon and started circling the bowl of milk with cereal. 
“What do you see, Mr. Wordsmith?” said Khan
“A circle,” said Wordsmith. 
“You see most times from where you start can get you back again in the beginning. That’s how the first step works. If you have put it wrong, you may end up again in the first place that you started,” said Khan. 
“Yes, I guess. But I can't get my head around what you are trying to say,” Wordsmith replied.
Khan sighed a bit, stood up and peered through the edge of the oval-shaped window. 
He calmly touched the upper handle of his chair and said, “A girl jumps off the building every now and then, 5 gets missing, no clues, nothing to look for, case unsolved and guess what; again gets stamped as suicide or missing and all because of ghosts. You finish where you start.”
“Alright then, what do you suggest?” asked a rather dimmed Wordsmith. 
Khan seems obnoxious, he just goes on, “A girl fell off the building this summer, a flat-apartment which was built maybe before my birth, many people. Many people, many people, many many many……” 
Wordsmith can just hear “many” a thousand times until Khan looks up in the ceiling and said, “How about murder?”
Wordsmith stilled an obscure look in his eye and said, “Will you take the case?”
“Oh, I will. Oh, yes, I will” said Khan with eyes glittering that can be seen from many miles away. 
Khan doesn’t say anything and starts doing mathematics meaning Wordsmith should leave now. Simple equation solving at day and it gets more difficult as time goes on. Khan probably stares through the window more than he should and goes walking like he should. He lives in a single room, his next room contains Lee Eun, a girl in her 20s. 
Khan is thinking in his mind that he will go to the apartment 1-2 days later. He is focused on rather leaning back in his chair and having a time with himself. The math part is done. He is assuming that going there won’t make much of a difference, it must be absolutely clean and no sign of murder. Mrs. Larry is preparing a lunch of his delight. 
Suddenly, Khan stands up and starts walking, Mrs. Larry shouted, “Khan, you aren’t going anywhere.” 
“I am taking a walk,” said Khan, which means that he will definitely be going to the crime scene. Khan finds Lee Eun down the hallway.
 Lee Eun said, “Hello, Mr. Detective!” 
Khan replied with an awkward smile and stumbled. 
Lee Eun smiled at this and went looking for her door. Detective seems baffled as he always finds himself having awkward conversations with Lee Eun but feels like he is at peace whenever he is talking with her. Khan walks past his neighborhood. A bit of scorching sun pulls off some of his strength. 
Khan feels like he has come off a long way. He just walks and walks and then takes a cab and finally arrives at the popular crime scene. He is firmly welcomed by the co-ordinates. Khan sees a house, way creepy than he imagined, way dark in color, strong vibe of horrific sceneries, filled with people, why do people even stay here? Khan can’t believe people are deliberately living here. It even has a forest behind it.
The house from outside looks like a haunted house. Walls have been tampered, fillings have come off, feels like it was built way before in times. It has a tree beside it only to add up to its creepiness. Khan goes up to the floor. Stinky smell, dusty atmosphere, tampered wall, broken stairs, Khan was thinking it may become a case of his life. Khan enters Kate’s room. 
Kate was a very bright student, not that well-off, otherwise no one would come and live at a place that rather seems like a place you should never stay. She was alone, parents in another town, probably with a couple of friends, which needs to be investigated by Khan. Kate was seemingly becoming insane as per some reports which invoked her to make a suicide attempt. Khan thinks to himself, “Nah, it isn’t suicide.”
 
S. Khan seems a bit worried as her room doesn’t have a phone, laptop, any accessories that a girl at her age must have, some old books, a bed shabbily covered, a piano, a window, a falling ceiling and that’s it. Khan starts walking in that small room. Problem is that months have passed, no real clue to detect suddenly. “No sign of friends, no sign of phone or any electronic devices, her room has no connection to other rooms. Let’s go to the rooftop,” Khan said to his own mind.
Khan finds a couple of people on the rooftop. They are the Jonathan brothers. Detective was well welcomed by them. Khan didn’t come here to gossip here, so he straight goes to stand in the place from where she committed suicide. Don’t know what happened but the brothers ran through the stairs like something had happened. Khan is becoming suspicious of everything he sees now. Jumped from around a 33 feet tall building, which seems like a gigantic fall. Khan starts walking on the rooftop. “Fall from building, no quarrels with friends presumably, rooms seems shabby, no reason for suicide. No, no, I am missing something. What am I missing?” At that time there was a welcoming voice with a beautiful tune. 
A woman in her 60s said, “Hello, how can I help you?
 “I am a detective in this case. I am investigating the Kate’s Suicide Case,” Khan said. 
The lady said, “Wasn’t the case shut down? 
“Yeah, but not for me,” said Khan. 
“I am Mrs. Keaton. You can come downstairs and have a coffee,” said Mrs. Keaton.
Khan finds a trick in it. 
“Okay, let’s go into her room and see if there is any clue,” Khan said to his own mind.
Khan is drinking the coffee. Well-made with heart and a bit of milk, which he normally doesn’t like but he is loving it now. Khan sees her room is neat and clean. Khan sees Mrs. Keaton has a scar in her neck, gloves on her hand, and a ring on her hand, with age-old design on it. Khan notices some marks on the sofa, probably foot marks. Khan is measuring the size to know if it was a foot mark. Mrs. Keaton gives a glimpse where Khan realizes she is becoming tense. Khan stops giving a look at everything in her house. Khan is facing the portraits where it is Kate’s room on the other hand. Khan sees the woman is preparing lunch and saying some things to him which he doesn’t even care to listen to. He gives a knock at the wall. It seems like any voice can pass through this wall. Alright one point is clear, the house is a perfect place for murder. Khan puts the coffee down, takes his jacket and goes running down the stairs not even hearing what the woman was shouting about. Khan ran down the stairs only to come home. He needs to recalculate couple of things before he comes here again.
 	
Khan has come home, rather tired. It’s evening, he had no lunch. He took a shower and came to eat food that was served at noon. He starts eating and he can’t stop thinking about the walls, He is thinking about living there. Mrs. Larry will go crazy if she hears that Khan wants to live in that ugly old building.
 
Khan thinks to himself that he needs to contact her friends as soon as possible but that is tomorrow's job. He needs to visit other neighbors of that house. He needs to find her phone and laptop. Khan has only one problem, the wall, he needs to listen to the sound from the other side. He needs to listen from Kate’s house. At that moment Lee Eun has brought some food for Mrs. Larry. Mrs. Larry was furious but loved that Lee Eun had brought some food. Khan is acting much weirder not to mention that he is already a weirdo in front of Lee Eun but the case itself is making Khan go driving in his own circle that he talked in the morning about.
 
Khan was served with stew, hot-boiled, vapor emitting like smoke. Probably an egg stew, but Khan doesn’t know much about recipes. Khan is focusing on a number of things. Eun's lips are bending too much, much to the fact that another argument with his dad, another sign is that she is fixing her strand of hair back to her ears. Khan also notices stew was served in a new bowl. Mrs. Larry’s bowl looks old. Khan drops this issue aside. Stew’s vegetables look well-arranged and decorated. Much time was given to it. Khan is contemplating Kate's case. He is eating the vegetable stew rapidly. 
Eun asked, “How is it?” A complement must be given to a girl who is having a very bad time. 
Khan thinks to himself, let’s say it. He said, “Amazing, I am having a really great time.” Mrs. Larry gives a surprised look towards him because Khan will die but not praise someone. Khan will investigate the whole world but he won’t think about what is going inside him. Lee Eun gave a relieved smile. Khan noticed that and started eating again.  Eun went to her flat. Khan is now thinking about the case. Khan is thinking about living there. He has a full beard, he needs to go there with a disguise. What disguise would be better? He first have to have another conversation with Mrs. Keaton. 
Khan has arrived at the spooky house. He revisits Mrs. Keaton with a knock on the door. Mrs. Keaton welcomes with a gigantic smile and asks to have a seat. Khan sees the tables were set to the side of Kate’s room. Khan is much responding to the fact that she is wearing a robe of old nature, covering the scar, of course. Khan isn't really stable in guessing a definitive criminal in this case. Most times, the one he focuses on at the start is always a victim not a criminal. But most times he has seen where he started was the key to everything. Mrs. Keaton’s hands look rubbed off, why did he miss it before? Oh, she had gloves before. Looks like she had to rub her hands a million times. 
Mrs. Keaton started by saying, “Mr. Khan, why did you leave that day?” 
Khan replied, "I had received a text that my grandmother will kill me, if I am right then didn’t come home running.” Khan pauses for a brief moment and started saying, “I am not here for today to discuss something, I am actually dropping the case, I think she has committed suicide because she was depressed, had insomnia, inferiority complex and hallucination. I am leaving the case.” 
Mrs. Keaton showed great remorse and said, “I wish I could have known that she was sick. I couldn’t help her. I hope she is happy now.” 
Khan said, “Thanks for the coffee, I am leaving, I am actually really busy.” Mrs. Keaton doesn’t hold him back this time. Khan leaves the house with a big smile on his face because now it is time for him to get to the real work.
 
“Tenacious, dodgy, demonic, beldam”, Khan writes beside Mrs. Keaton’s name in an inelegant rectangular shaped old small diary. If one can get the view of this burning yet overly true diary, one would also know that he has opened a chapter for Kate which also holds Jonathan brothers’ name in it. A list of her friend’s name which is little but empty in description. Khan throws the diary in his shabby bed. Much to the fact, in the morning Khan went to her friends’ houses and told them to tell about Kate. The only answer Khan received was “She told me she had been seeing and hearing horrible things,” Khan was bored because he had seen these records from before when the case was closed. Khan isn’t suspicious of them but none knows what will unleash the beast behind all these. Khan hasn’t supervised the room as much as he wanted because he didn’t want the neighbors to keep being aware of it. Khan is receiving ideas about how to be a disguised person on YouTube, boring and useless videos, talking about party idiots and all that. Khan wants something real, he will be investigated by the best of eyes. He has a full beard, full-length hair. He is thinking about only shaving his hair to give a bald look. He has kept his full beard but he will use some prosthetics which fits the bald look. Khan is sitting on his comfy chair but suddenly Mrs. Larry calls for breakfast. Khan takes his jacket and starts to run out of the house and sure he does with success and stumbles. Mrs. Larry is not new to this. Khan went to his friend, a barber who had given him a bald look and made some prosthetics which he will use regularly. Khan comes home to give Mrs. Larry a scare that may send her to heaven. Khan rings the doorbell. Mrs. Larry opens the gate and asks, “Hello, how can I help you? 
Khan is ashamed and feeling terrible that he is overly disguised which made him miss “The Show of Mrs. Larry to Collapse”, but he said something that made the show possible, though the door was half-open he said, “I am going to live in Kate’s house for this summer.” 
Mrs. Larry skipped a heartbeat for sure, no suspicion on that. Mrs. Larry couldn’t say any words for some minutes. 
After some minutes she replied, “You aren’t going anywhere Mr. Khan.” 
Khan said, “I must.” 
Mrs. Larry knows now will come the emotional words. Khan was about to start but Mrs. Larry stops him and starts to say with teary eyes, “What should I pack for you?”  
Khan replied in his mind “Well, that was easy.” 
2. The Disguise of a Lifetime
One month later, a huge package was made for his departure. Lee Eun came to visit him. 
Sami Khan replied, “I am going to Bali, Indonesia, a lovely place, a calming beach, sand and all that.” 
Eun was surprised and saw Mrs. Larry was crying and asked, “Why are you not taking her?” 
S. Khan said, “Oh, she says your face is enough beauty for her to see.” 
Eun blushed but Mrs. Larry was cursing Khan at a speedy pace and told her mind, “He is playing a character already.” 
Khan had high hopes for this trip. He knew that this would be a trip to hell. Khan had convinced Mr. Wordsmith because it was a huge case. A case that needs subtle investigation. Khan will play a comedic role, a full transformation from his old hag role he always plays. Khan has packed enough, well not he but Mrs. Larry. Whatever the case, he put his luggage on the taxi’s roof. 
Khan was singing in the taxi, “You make my heartbeat. You make me, you make me feel good.” The driver sometimes whistled at how good he was singing. The driver at last couldn't help but say, “What a jolly person you are!” Khan was happy as that made him realize what great acting he was doing. He came in front of that old spooky house that made people go nuts. Khan was running up the stairs singing the same lyrics. In front of Mrs. Keaton’s room, Khan sang a bit too loud because she needs to know she has got a visitor. 
Khan rang the bell which presented Mrs. Keaton saying, “How can I help you?” 
A big luggage impressed Mrs. Keaton. She may realize that she has another customer. But for what, who knows? 
Khan said, “Hello, My name is Milton. I want to stay in the room beside yours.” 
Keaton replied, “Hey junior, you can stay but not in the room beside mine.” 
Khan feels like he was struck with lightning. Khan said, “Alright, you will change your mind if you listen to my story. Can I come inside?” 
Mrs. Keaton replied, “Yes, come inside.” 
Khan is missing Mrs. Keaton’s lovey dovey behavior when he was detective, so he is also finding some dissimilarities with the previous version of her. 
Khan sits in the sofa that had some foot marks in it obviously not now. Things that are suspicious automatically change here. Khan has surveyed this house and found that neighbors don’t change here except for the new ones that come to die. Jenny died 2 years ago in a different building and a woman went missing which was the 2nd cheapest building of the town, Kate died in room number 10 of this building. Khan wants room number 10.
Khan wasn’t offered coffee. 
Mrs. Keaton said, “Start, what you want to say. As you can see, I don’t have all day.”
Khan can definitely see she has all day long but not for him as a neighbor even for the detective she seemed to have a thousand hours but not for his Milton Disguise. 
Khan started saying, “My name is Milton. I am a carpenter, I am financially not that stable. My father died last month. I had to sell my house for me to keep going. Now I am looking for a cheap place, and you are such a kind person for bringing this place down to such a low price.”
 Mrs. Keaton said, “Don’t you know people think this is a suspicious place? People die here, Mr. Milton.” 
Khan said, “I came to know recently that the detective in charge said it was a lie. Besides, I don't get scared that easily.” 
Khan sees that line made her eyes a bit shiny. Khan starts flattering, “You are such a wonderful lady for bringing this place down to a very low price. People should be thanking you.”
“Alright, alright, you get to live here but in room number 12,” replied an apathetic Mrs. Keaton. 
Khan was shocked at this. He didn’t come here to live somewhere else. But Khan wants to see the end of it. Khan said, “Alright Mrs. Keaton, I will take room number 12.” Khan told a couple of jokes, sang songs for her, made her laugh, made her think that he was the most comedic person of this entire planet. Khan thinks Mrs. Keaton really loves Milton now.
Khan has taken a great view of Mrs. Keaton’s room again. He has looked upon every corner possible. Mrs. Keaton’s room is changed every now and then. But Khan thinks it’s actually time for him to judge his fellow neighbors rather than focusing on Mrs. Keaton. Khan walks beside the dilapidated and decayed wall upon the coarse stairs. Khan finds his room. He enters it, cheap and lovely, with a contemptible bathroom, that’s the only shabby thing. A table and a chair, a bed, a bathroom, a window square shaped. Walls look a bit dull but still pretty okay. 
A knock on the door wakes up Khan. 
An old man in his 60s said, “Hello, young man! It’s good to see you.” 
Khan said, “Hey! It’s good to see you too. Wow, you are handsome, man.” Obviously Khan feels otherwise. 
Old man said, “My name is Owen.” 
Khan replied, “My name is Milton, I am a carpenter.”
Owen said, “I came only to say hello, I am beside your room, anytime you need something, you can knock my door.” 
Owen leaves. He is in room number 11.
Khan is reflecting on few things. First of all, Khan doesn’t believe in ghosts, Annabelle, Jesabelle, Conjuring and all that. But he can’t watch them either. If he watches a horror movie, he acts like a child, he goes to the bathroom but asks Mrs. Larry to stay beside the bathroom. He can’t go to sleep with the lights off, that’s why he stopped watching them. Now he is religious too, the fear is now down to 0, but still he thinks if something scary happens, he might jump off the window. Khan doesn’t have a phone now. Phones and laptops go missing here anyways, so what’s the point? 
Khan will order food 2 times, only once will he go eat outside and that’s breakfast. Couple of hours after Owen’s visitation, a woman in 30’s visited him with flowers. She is in room number 13. Seemed like she was waiting for him. Khan is tired with his neighbors. Her name is June and all that blabbering made him more annoyed but he stayed in character and that’s what matters. Room 1-3 in floor 1, 4-6 in 2nd floor, 7-10 in 3rd floor, 11-13 in 4th floor, 14-16 in 5th floor. Khan has been sleeping here all day long. Days have passed and nothing happened yet. Khan is cursing this room, this room is the fault, and the case is done for. He has created a monster in his hands and that’s called “Unsolved case”. Khan has been living very nastily. His health isn’t so good either. He is disturbed by continuous visitation from his neighbors. They are way too friendly and Khan’s overly welcoming behavior is what ignites their passion more but Khan has got nothing better to do. He can’t take upon another case now that this case remains unsolved. 
Khan has noticed that his walls are also not soundproof, any voice can pass through it too, so he is also sure that hearing things have connection towards it. Kate also mentioned someone was always walking on the wall. Khan is looking for that clue. Kate saw someone every time she woke up. She saw someone standing next to her. Creepy things but they need to be solved. These all sound hallucinating but Khan thinks otherwise. A bright girl like Kate can’t turn out to be a creep in a couple of months. Some things might have definitely happened for her to become that way. Some other things Kate have mentioned are beyond explanation. The tree had someone on top of it. A ghost perhaps, so scary, it used to swing in one of the branches. Someone entered her room every now and then but how. The only person that can enter her room without much effort is Mrs. Keaton. Khan knows there isn’t something called a ghost, so he is forbidding the creepy parts, he is focusing on what’s scientific, what’s logical, what can happen, rather than what has presumably been happening. Kate said that all sorts of creepy things have happened to her. Part of Khan wants to see all of it, part of Khan is trembling with fear. Khan is on a cliff now. He wants to continue but he doesn’t want to continue. He wants to have a go but he also wants to go home. He went to visit Wordsmith today, he went to a station and changed his clothes and wore wigs and fake beard because who knows who has followed him down here. Mr. Wordsmith is in his office. He is in his duty chair. 
Khan’s visitation was welcomed by Mr. Wordsmith. 
Mr. Wordsmith asked, “How are you, Milton?”
Khan replied, “Great as always.”
“What have you found so far? Are you having hallucinations lately?” said Wordsmith with utmost interest.
Khan replied, “Absolutely not, the only thing I am having is sleepless nights, I want to see them happening in front of my eyes. But there has not been a single clue.”
Wordsmith said with disappointment, “Alright, no problem. How about you wait for some more days to see what happens.”
Khan replied, “This might be the last conversation we are having. I am not coming to report again. I am either staying there for a lifetime or seeing things and hearing things. You get it?”
Wordsmith replied, “As you wish. I know it’s a hassle to come here.”
Khan said, “Not for the hassle. I don’t have any work anyway. I think I was followed today. That’s why I took precaution. If I come here again, they will be suspicious.”
Wordsmith replied, “Who?”
Khan leaves saying, “Who knows?”
Khan had to take a long walk. The nonsensical house made the journey more tiring. Khan comes to his room. He is thinking about his life now. Khan was a jolly person, after the accident, nothing was the same. Khan lost his parents at 10. Grandmother Larry took her and loved him as much as possible. Khan found love in a girl at 16 but he was a weirdo in school. His proposal was immature. He was flat out rejected. He has then started noticing things. Things that other people cannot notice. Thumbs, prints, behaviors, usage, years Khan measures everything in his eyes. Detectives are pretty alone in this world. That’s what Khan said to himself. They cannot get involved with people. The minute they get involved with people, they lose their observing power, they create a fake world among themselves, what normal people have the courage to do. If someone wants to break through the shackles of natural observing power, he needs time; alone. Khan is 27 now. Khan has become one of the most renowned figures of the country. He has become the heart of the country. There was much talk when he left the case, because it was out of the character. Khan questions everything. He comes up with many theories of how the crime happened and starts to see which one is more believable, which one has more evidence. Khan builds many theories and questions himself too much to solve a case. He thinks of all the possible scenarios and starts making a story. Much to the fact of his parents’ mysterious death. Khan became quiet after that so much so that Mrs. Larry, a serious person had to become comedic. Khan took on an oath after that he will never let a case go unscarred; when he was only 10. He became so involved that he was considered a special kid who needed parental care.
3. Neighbors
Two months have passed. Khan has started to lose interest. He is a living corpse. Khan is in that circle, the circle that finishes where you began. Khan makes his prayers and that’s it. No job, no brain hammering cases. He won’t survive without a case. His brain has been dusted with illogical and unnecessary details. Visitations have become far lower than before. He was planning to leave until one day……
 
That day was rainy, Khan was in his bed, reading some old books just like Kate, and he has left all his hopes because there aren’t any hope left. Khan didn’t know when he fell asleep. He woke up with horrible noises from the wall, Khan put his ears along the wall, it was a lady’s voice saying, “I won’t leave you,” Khan was terrified. There were constant noise of scratches after that. He came out of his room which presented someone at the wall, a teenage girl with her hair in front of her, hands were swollen, clothes blooded, face covered, ran towards him, until Khan collapsed. 
Khan woke up in Mrs. Keaton’s room. Khan woke up screaming. 
Khan never in his dreams thought he would be that much terrified by these incidents. Khan wasn’t afraid of anything; then what happened? Khan is still shocked. 
Mrs. Keaton has been constantly asking, “What happened?” She had June and Owen beside her. Khan is taking his time. Khan if he wanted, could have brought more people to live with him, but if he does so the case might go unsolved again because he needs to be alone. These may not happen until he is alone. His bald head has sweat all over it, his eyes are lightning struck, and he probably thinks if someone doesn’t face something like that, he wouldn’t understand the creepiness of it. Khan still doesn’t believe it’s supernatural but he is feeling fear, fear of becoming like Kate. What he should do to not become like her? Khan amidst all of these has found that that’s what maybe these people want. Slow pain every day until Khan actually becomes hallucinated or he commits suicide. They may just be some costume artist. Khan thinks about what he must do to attain belief. 
Mrs. Keaton asked again, “Why were you in the hallway?”
Khan replied, “Nothing, I probably dozed off.”
Khan said to himself that if tonight again something like this happens he is not leaving his room. That was a very wrong decision to leave the room.
Mrs. Keaton asked again, “Are you sure?” 
Khan replied, “Yes, I was a bit sick, that’s probably why I dozed off.”
Khan went up from the bed and started to arrange his clothes and upon leaving Mrs. Keaton said, “If you need anything, visit me from time to time.” 
Khan left the room. He is starting to get nervous about how he will solve this case. Khan has never been this afraid. He was alone most nights, he knows things like this cannot happen but upon happening he is getting terrified. He has already found some similarities with the horror movies he had watched back many years ago. Khan has come to his room. He is feeling sick and dull. He is reflecting on some facts now, to know these ghosts, he must know the surroundings first. Khan realizes now that he once said, “They cannot get involved with people.” But he forgot the fact that they must be involved with criminals. Khan was weak but he suddenly fell strong. He will visit his neighborhood. He will visit room 1-16. That’s a lot of rooms but he will do as many as he can. Khan will visit room 16 first. Khan is tired. He takes a nap at noon. He tried to stay awake but couldn’t. He had to go to sleep. He wakes up at around 4 pm. 
Khan rings the bell of room 16, though his hands are still shaking. A man of around age 40 opened the gate, he gave a smile to Khan and asked how he may help him. 
Mathew (Room Number 16) 
Khan said, “I live in room number 12.”
He replied, “Yeah, I know you. You were on the floor today. Right? Come inside.”
Khan replied, “Yes. My name is Milton.”
He replied, “My name is Mathew. How are you feeling now, Milton?”
Khan said, “I am okay.”
“Sit, Milton,” said Mathew.
Khan is reviewing the room. Mathew’s floor is covered with carpet. This carpet is disarranged at the ending parts, which indicates they are removed often, probably daily. Mathew brings a cup of coffee for Khan. Khan is taking a sip of it and is sometimes mesmerized by some decorations. Looks beautiful. Seems like Mathew loves art.  
Mathew has starry blue eyes though he's sleepy now because he may have performed in the circus at night that’s why he is sleeping in the morning, maybe all of them do so. He has a ruptured voice, amiable instinct but something deep inside him make Khan see the beast in him. Or maybe he is, Khan is not daydreaming. Mathew’s one hand has a deep scar, Mrs. Keaton had one on her neck. Khan has been relentlessly focusing on him. What if he notices? Khan can see a ring on Mathew’s ring finger definitely has a ring. Maybe he is married, maybe he lost someone. Mathew’s eyes’ underlines have dark spots too. Haven’t slept for days as it seems. Was he too busy scaring others?
Mathew has also looked upon him quite a bit now. 
Khan said, “How long have you been here for?” 
Mathew replied, “It’s been 10 years. I was in my 30s when I first came here. Mrs. Keaton took me in and she has helped me ever since. It is nice having someone as loving as Mrs. Keaton.”
Khan didn’t ask for the later part. But he is focusing on the fact who replied how. If they are trained with such a reply or not.
Khan replied, “Yeah, she is. She is such a nice woman. I can’t believe the things she has done for me.”
Mathew just nods his head. 
Khan now asked the real question. “What about your family?” Khan asked.
Khan can’t believe he really asked this question.
Mathew became obnoxious at that question. Khan is thinking he probably shouldn’t have asked that but he had to.
Mathew with a lump of frustration said that, “I had Emily, she was beautiful. She was killed in a robbery at a store. Since then…..”
Mathew gave a vicious look towards Khan. Not finishing what after, Mathew seems to have got what Khan is playing here. Mathew asked,
“Milton, what family do you have?”
Khan said, “A happy one, my wife and two daughters live in village.”
Khan then tried to change the air. He said, “Isn’t the weather fine? I brought some cigarettes for you.”
Khan has noticed that Mathew’s nails have a yellow stain, his hands were cold when they shook hands, and a sound constantly refers to his lungs infection. Khan can guess a chain smoker like him pretty easily.
Mathew was smoking until Khan asked, “Mathew, how long do you know the neighbors?”
Mathew sees the pattern, his eyes look like they will kill Khan in a split of seconds but replies, “10 years, we have been here since the beginning.”
Khan can see Mathew hasn’t told a lie ever since Khan arrived. He is taking far too little sips from the cup. But Mathew may have been aware of it.
Khan has started to take huge sips from the cup after that. Khan has found a tension in the air. It's evening. They must prepare for a show tonight. 
Khan finishes the coffee. 
He said, “I need to go now. It was lovely talking with you.”
Mathew said, “Goodbye!”
Khan has taken some points from his room. Overly decorated, trying to hide things, carpet totally encompasses the house, floor needs to be investigated.
Sami Khan now visits room number 5. That’s the last room for today. He went down the stairs running, there is a reason for that. They may get in contact through phone and Khan avoided room 14 and 15 because they were close to 16. He rang the bell. A mother lives with her daughter and of course the mother was in a call probably with Mrs. Keaton. Her daughter, “Ah, Ureka! She might be that one who ran towards him,” Khan sighs with relief. Khan’s fear has started to depart. Khan realized his room might have a CC TV camera or he might need to install one. The mother’s name is Emma and her daughter’s name is Freya. 
Emma and Freya (Room Number 5)
Khan said, “Hi, I am your friendly neighbor, Milton.”
He went on and asked them the same question of how many years they lived here and they replied the same, they had been here for a long 10 years and they didn’t forget to mention Mrs. Keaton’s lovely behavior towards everyone. They are trained. 
Khan was presented with another coffee. Khan can’t just say he just had another cup of coffee at Mathew’s. He is constantly putting an eye on them. Freya’s hands can’t be seen. They are full of gloves. Arms are full with sleeves. Khan can assume they were painted yesterday.
How will Khan figure out the key to their destruction? Khan didn’t have to start the talk again. Emma asked, “How are you feeling today?”
Khan was hesitant but replied, “Pretty well. What nice coffee have you made? I was craving such a beautiful coffee for so long”
Khan has found that most people though they don’t feel good about something, they just go on and say that this is fine and this was best though in their heart they hate it to their fullest. That’s why Khan has made it a weapon. Khan calls it a “Life Card.”
Emma loved the compliment just like everyone does. Khan gave a lovely look towards Freya, “Hello, Freya, where do you read?”
Freya looks unprepared for these sorts of questions, so her mom starts to say, “She doesn’t go to college. She helps me with my business.”
Khan promptly asked, “Business? What sort?”
Emma said, “It’s a makeup and beauty business.”
Oh, you filthy woman, Khan said in his mind. Khan can now see, that maybe the key to the previous night’s massacre. He is feeling angry, terrible, and unamiable and wants to burn this whole place down. Khan talks to his mind, “I am gonna burn this place down if I can’t succeed and stay in jail for 20 years.”
Khan is disturbed but most probably determined also.
Khan is taking notes in his brilliant memory that can memorize one page in 2 minutes. 
Their house doesn’t have anything to look for. Probably they are the performers. Khan can come and search one of their rooms, but that will get only one in trouble. The rest will go unscarred. Khan can see the angry eyes in Emma. She tries to stay so calm but suddenly her eyes feel like they will throw fire here and there. Khan feels like she has brought up her girl just like her. No passion at all but to shout even while talking normally.
Khan leaves the room with relief though much has to be done. The neighbors may get even more prepared. Khan is thinking what he must do to get the truth. There are 15 neighbors, who hold the key to the question? How do they contact? How do they act together? What is their motive? These are the questions that need answers. 
Khan finds a letter at the doorstep, a letter saying “My Lovely Milton”.
Khan goes to his room and starts to read
 
Dear Milton,
I am Mrs. Larry. I am fine and so is our dog. Milton, your wife is missing you. She is thinking about you day to night. Your barking dog is not biting seldom but often. Your departure has left a big scar in his heart. He wants to bite people out of hunger. My dear Milton, go unscarred and come home soon. At this rate, our dog will die. The lady beside our room called Una is doing okay. But she will be married off if you start to be this late. I am having nightmares too. I hope you don’t see things nor hear them. If you do, visit the nearby mental hospital. Our debt is being paid by your dad. I am worrying about your eating. Do you eat burgers everyday again? This will collapse your body. You won’t survive alone. Come home. Otherwise, I will go there. It’s been months and you haven’t contacted me, it seems like you have forgotten about your mom. Milton, many people visited. Una still thinks you are in Bali. I haven’t talked with her about it. Don’t go eat at places, come home, I will pack some food for you. That’s it for today. Hope I will see you alive after the monsoon.
Your Lovely,
Mom.
Address: Park Street, 43/A.
Khan can’t believe what he is seeing. Khan doesn’t have a dog. Mrs. Larry has become so good at “Disguised Letter”. A method Khan taught her to avoid suspicion. First of all, the dog may be she, herself. Una maybe Lee Eun. Dad may be Wordsmith and Mom may be Mrs. Larry.
Khan laughed a bit after realizing this. What will he do without Mrs. Larry? Probably, she has also taken a part in the comedic role of disguise. 
Khan is weak today, very weak. Probably he should have visited the Mental Hospital as per Mrs. Larry’s advice but he can’t. They may actually turn him into a mad man.
Khan has fallen asleep. Khan woke up well today. No nightmares, no ghost clinging from the tree nor in his room. Khan was brushing his teeth at 5 am. That’s when there was a knock on the door. Khan opened the door amidst brushing his teeth. It’s Mrs. Keaton. 
“Oh my god! Mrs. Keaton, why did you climb the stairs. I could have gone there. What if you hurt your lovely face?”
Mrs. Keaton doesn’t look flattered. But she will give a party on the rooftop with all the neighbors today. She will throw the party because of Khan’s arrival. Khan is surprised, Khan’s visitation towards others’ rooms has played a massive role in this party. Khan will get to know everyone but not personally. That’s not what he had thought he was about to do. They did it purposely so that Khan doesn’t get a chance to go to everyone’s room again and say their greetings. But little do they know, Khan will do that despite all these greetings. But can there be more to this? All the people in that room probably just want to see him dead. Khan took the invitation and said he will definitely be there. The time given is 6 pm in the evening, probably will go down till midnight, no fear for today, Khan guesses. “2 months have passed and now they are talking about welcoming me,” Khan said to his mind.
Khan went outside to have breakfast. He takes breakfast at the “Harveys”, a great place for stew. Khan jumps into the taste of stew and remembers Lee Eun’s beautiful one. At Harveys, a man came in front of his seat today. Khan saw a big overcoat with a hat on top. Khan was facing the north side of the Harveys, so he could see the shadow of him becoming a mountain. Khan thinks he is always followed. What he does, he eats, he talks about are all being recorded.
Khan made his head go up and looked at the mountain, the mountain was it and a huge one. He alone can hold Khan and throw him off the roof. Why go through all the acting? Just carry him and throw him out of the roof. 
Khan said, “How can I help you?”
Harris (Room Number 14)
The mountain replied, “I am Harris. Your neighbor in room number 14.”
Khan said, “Hi, Harris. How are you doing?”
Harris replied, “Fine, what about you?”
Khan said, “Better than ever.”
Harris said, “So, you eat at Harveys?”
Khan said, “Yeah, for breakfast.”
Harris with a sigh asked, “Have you prepared a speech for today?”
Khan said, “Yeah, I am preparing.”
Obviously a flat lie. Harris has made him for the first time aware that he must write a speech for this party.
Khan asked, “What will happen at the party?”
Harris replied, “Just what things happen at a party will happen there.”
Khan saw that this man is straightforward. No real hesitation when talking with Khan. He may have become a professional after doing it for 10 years straight.
Khan has noticed these people from outside seem pretty normal. Khan should have a companion from now on. These sorts of cases can’t be handled alone and Khan hasn’t progressed much.
Khan started singing. The people at Harveys are familiar with it. They love it.
Khan can’t see Harris going anywhere outside. He has ordered a beer. He is having that.
Khan has ordered a coke. Khan is taking that.
Khan said, “You are huge, mate. Give me some of your tricks so I can become a Mountain. My wife loves Mountain people.”
Khan knows others would have felt insulted. But not these people. They don’t care about body-shaming. Furthermore, Khan is their closest friend, they can joke a bit.
Mountain Harris laughed a bit. He then replied, “No trick, only routine. Gym, diet and maintaining it.”
Khan said, “Ow, sounds interesting.”
Khan didn’t find it interesting, it is always the same reply if you ask someone of his caliber.
Khan has finished his breakfast. Upon leaving he said, “Have a good time, Harris.”
He didn’t turn back to see his reaction to that.
Khan went home with long steps. He has to write a speech. That will be a big pain. Khan started writing up. Until 6 pm he wrote, got dressed up, and had a little lunch and then there was a knock.
Khan entered the rooftop. A huge applause was provided to him. He was welcomed in a befitting manner. Khan had to give a toast. People of all sorts were there, more people than he guessed were there.
Khan can’t observe that many people together. Besides, the lights can’t provide justice to everybody there. Khan was unsure when to give the toast. So after a couple of words, Khan shouted.
Khan shouted, “Listen, everyone. I have prepared a toast. I have written a speech.” Everyone applauded that.
Khan starts,
Dear Beautiful Caring Neighbors,
Love was found in me when I first found my neighbors on Jefferson Street. An angel dropped from heaven when I met my owner Mrs. Keaton. Beautiful she is, to the highest extent. The neighbors visited me from time to time. I have never seen such love in a neighborhood. I have seen many neighborhoods, they were boring, dull, no love and care. But you guys have made me realize love again. I had collapsed 2 days ago, because your love was too much for me to bear. I had heard rumors about this house many times. What great lies people were fed! I wish I could turn them all wrong. I will live here for centuries and tell everyone everything was a lie. I love you and I know you love me too. Thank you for everything.
Everyone just burst out in tears, oh what super acting! Khan doesn’t even know any of the faces that are crying. Khan is feeling like he is in a movie, where everyone is crying at his death. Death it is but they will laugh at his death, that’s like a movie where the villain wins.
 
Music started and everyone started dancing. Khan doesn’t know how to dance. So he was just throwing his hands here and there. Khan didn’t know who she was but she held him and started some sort of traditional dancing. Khan could barely do the steps and was on the edge of tripping. Khan barely managed everything there.
He started telling some jokes. Jokes like I met a mountain today, his name was Harris. He was big. And all sorts of dad jokes he heard 10 years ago. Khan spitted out some traditional jokes, and people loved them.
Party was not to be finished but Khan wasn’t there all day. That wasn’t the plan. Khan at 12 am asked to have a leave. He got a leave because most of them are drunk except Khan. Khan came to his room. He doesn’t even have a single strand of strength to stay awake. Khan didn’t know when he slept but murmur sound made him awake with skipping several heart beats maybe. Khan heard something was walking on the wall, a vicious creature that was found in his room. Khan was terrified by it. It was walking on his wall. Khan closed his eyes. Opening them again, something was by her side. Khan was being paralytic, maybe he stopped breathing. Khan heard it say in a creepy voice, “You can’t leave me.” Khan opened his eyes somehow and saw she was outside swinging in a tree seen from the window. A girl’s walking steps can be heard from the rooftop and she was singing along the steps. Khan can hear someone scratching the wall. Khan noticed the shadow of the creature. Khan was so terrified, he just pulled the blanket up and stayed like that. Amidst all of these, he still noticed the clock said 1 am. How is this possible? They are definitely at the party. Then who are these ghosts? Khan’s methods have befallen, he has started to think what if they are actually some supernatural beings, Khan dropped the thought, he has been lacking in work, and he needs to start working more vigorously and relentlessly because he is up against something terrible. And how come someone entered her room and how was she in the walls? Who was in the tree? At around 3 am, Khan went to the rooftop, the party was still on, and all the people were there. Khan needs to visit all the neighbors as quickly as possible. What is happening to him? What if he really becomes mentally unstable that way?
Khan woke up in the morning, heated, agitated and frightened. Khan has successfully solved many cases, he has never waited nor performed that many chaotic nights for a case to be solved. 
Stacey (Room Number 1)
 Khan stamped the door hard for room number 1, a woman at around the age of 25 opened the gate. Khan was not mesmerized by the beauty, he was rather disturbed. Khan entered the room, he didn’t see her at the party.
Khan was facing the window and asked if she enjoyed the party.
Stacey has a retro bracelet on her hands. She arranged them in a manner and said, “Oh, yes! I loved it. It was fun. I loved your speech.”
Khan is baffled now, so she was there but her lips bent towards the back a bit, a lie, Khan assumes. What can prove him wrong?
Khan asked, “What do you do for a living?”
Stacey replied, “I am an athlete.”
Just throw me off the roof, Khan told his mind. Khan reflects on her obnoxious mind and sometimes lay rest an eye on the telephone, whose call is she waiting for?
 Khan said, “It’s nice meeting you. I wanted to have a one on one conversation with you.”
 Khan leaves the room. Khan can’t find anything suspicious here. Everything looks fine.
Who knows? Maybe not but not for now…
Khan is devastated, he barely can walk, still feeling paralyzed, and he thinks he won’t be able to continue this journey. He might end up in his home with the case unsolved.
Khan went up to the roof. Still decorated, no sign of eradicating them soon, a brief look at Kate’s steps on the suicide spot made him a bit sorrowful. Khan came here to feel a bit motivated. He has lost hope. He still doesn’t know how he will crack the case. Khan brought the letter in remembrance of Kate. The letter is a poem Khan has written over much concentration. Khan starts:
Thee light up thousands others,
Autumn falls in thee,
Light year arrived at thee,
May God gives justice to the oblation.
 
I went to the breezes last week,
Breeze it was, a long one.
Insane I became, rest assured,
I won’t leave you.
Summer will come down,
Upon Us,
One day, thee and I,
Will reign.
Khan dropped some tears at the site, which may be on the edge of the cliff. He can remember how much their parents cared for her and cried. Khan has become determined. He ruptured the letter with tears and his hands murmuring through the sound. His teeth clenched upon itself leaving no traces behind. He saw aspiration from the sky that was deep blue just like the ocean. He can see the hope of reigning champion. He will bring justice to this case. Couple of jokers won’t be able to take him down. Khan can make a case against the neighbors altogether but he has no clue or evidence whatsoever, they can search their house but what if nothing is found? Khan needs to bring it upon himself all at once.
Owen, June, Mathew, Emma, Freya, Harris, Stacey all showed signs of criminal as per Khan’s eyes. Khan lying on his bed is ticking some marks on his disintegrated diary. He has to know who the criminals that came to the party were. This is a plot. Khan has realized it. He was set for the plot for a further “joker show”. Khan is now remembering the faces. Where do these jokers come from? If they were at the party, who scared him? The number of people was huge. 
Khan is focusing sharply, igniting all the neurons to the full extent, a meditation with his eyes closed. Who does he know? Mrs. Keaton invited him and he knows the face of 8 neighbors already. Maybe they can be the other neighbors. Should he visit them? He has a gut feeling some other people came to the party and real neighbors were hidden, and where are these people that came to the party? Khan has decided to visit another neighbor, room number 15, because lots of sounds came yesterday obviously from this room, of course one can go to another’s room and make sounds to confuse him but he can’t be sure. But 15 is situated just at the top of room 12. So sounds from up has a direct connection to room number 15.
 Langer (Room Number 15)
Khan visits Langer in room number 15. Langer is a man in his 30s, just some years older than him. Khan gives a grumpy look at his leg, he has a scratcher in his left hand, left handle placed upon the scratcher seems light indicating Langer is not actually handicapped, an act perhaps. Sleepy eyes again indicating he did some circus at night.
Khan chatted a bit with him. Floor was totally covered in carpet just like room number 16 of Mathew’s. No decoration like that room but the carpet, what lies under? Khan is noting down in his head that he will later write down in his diary that the carpets need investigation. He is promptly asking questions to Langer.
Langer is either nodding or saying mild yes or no.
Khan said, “Believe it or not, I am having a blast here. I have made more money coming to this house than ever. People just talk rubbish about this house.”
Khan will keep them guessing his real motives, he won’t spit out the things he has been watching. Khan has to play with these acting crews for a while. Mrs. Keaton looks like the director. Who knows, that old hag may even act as a ghost too.
Langer definitely looks a bit troubled by Khan’s overly friendly behavior towards him, both are giving obnoxious looks towards others. Khan is smiling inside. Langer is giving the look of why this idiot isn’t scared after what happened last night? 
Khan asked, “How long have you lived here?”
Langer replied, “2 years.”
Khan can see the trouble of his saying that. Shut up you idiot, you have been here for 10 years, Khan couldn’t spit it out.
Langer brought another cup of coffee, while Khan was facing the square shaped window that gave rarified air. He was mildly meditating when the coffee was being made. 
Khan dropped the meditation when the half-milked coffee came, he first drank a coffee like this when he came here. What if they are relatives rather than neighbors? Khan is taking a small sip and is most clearly thinking about it. Khan drank tea 5 times a day at his home. Mrs. Larry was told beforehand. Make 3 after eating and 2 at midnight while he is drawing to solve cases. Khan sometimes misses his oval-shaped window which had Mrs. Larry beside. Khan sometimes thinks about Lee Eun with tenuous air to breath. Khan again becomes attentive. Khan is focusing on Langer. Langer needs more attention, he is straight up, obviously he can do some damage. Khan will take massive care of Owen and June later down the road, Khan tells himself, they have toyed with me enough, and I need to take care of them. 
Khan ended the talking with Langer, he will deal with Langer later. Khan came to Harveys, took the disarranged diary with his left hand, and started writing rapidly with his heavy long right hand. Khan doesn’t write in his room because he is still finding the camera in the room. Khan started writing:
Mathew 16: First visit completed, Carpet, Decoration
Emma, Freya 5: First visit completed, Ghost Designer
Harris 14: House visitation needed, First look completed
Stacey 1: First visit completed, Athlete
Langer 15: First visit completed, Carpet
Khan ordered egg stew again today. He was putting some in mouth until he noticed Mr. Wordsmith looked right at his baldness for a brief amount of time. Wordsmith has put on a long beard and a huge brown hat. Khan took a walk with him beside the Harveys. 
Khan said, “I pretty much remember warning you not to meet again. I have come a long way, do you want me to get caught now and lose the case?”
Wordsmith replied, “I will still have to keep an eye to know if you are still sane.”
Khan laughed and looked at his beard and said, “You have grown a long fake beard, my friend.”
Wordsmith and Sami reached the James River by the woods. Khan sat on a wooden bench and Wordsmith followed him. 
Wordsmith in accordance with arranging his clothes said, “Tell me, Khan, what have you invented so far?”
Khan replied, “Nothing much. Ghosts come to my room every now and then.”
Wordsmith exclaimed with sheer terror in his eyes, “What! What are you talking about?”
Khan, being bored, said, “Yes, mate. The ghosts are gigantic, enormous, of different colors, some hang on the tree, some swing from one branch to another. Some come to me with words of love. Some stay right beside me. Some call me through the walls.”
Wordsmith is about to faint. “Khan, have you really lost it?”
Khan replied, “It may be a stage, I don’t know, it may be but I will have to keep going to know what it is.”
Wordsmith replied, “But how? How are they in the room?”
Khan replied, “I will unveil it, trust me. I am the detective.”
Wordsmith couldn’t find any words to describe what he heard, he is still processing what he heard. 
Khan, though depressed, said, “There is hope. One mistake will cut out the path to success. I need some time. I need some courage and hope to see through this case.”
Khan came to his room. He has been looking for the camera for several days. Today he will look at the walls, Khan started to look for holes or any signs. Khan brought his chair, stood upon it and started to look for any unusual noise when knocking at the wall, if he knocks too much, some will be aware of it. Khan went to see the upper fan. Khan was unsettling the fan when he heard something on the roof of his room. Khan became aware, he needed a ladder, and Khan pushed his bed towards the fan. He settled a chair on the bed and went up the bed, then the chair, yes, now he can catch the fan’s handle. What? Khan can see the fan is replaceable, what a tragedy! He couldn’t see it coming. He opened the fan from the upper chord and can easily see there is a connection to room number 15, Langer. “The carpet is to derive someone from the truth. The girl in my room may not be a girl at all. It may be a holographic image that can be sent to my room without totally unsettling the fan,” Khan told himself. Khan is absolutely puzzled, much can he say or see now. If Khan’s predictions are true, the girl in the room is settled. Now the walls, those voices can be sent by the neighbors. The athlete may just climb up the tree and swing, who knows? Khan is also reflecting on the neighbors that entered the party but that night who came to the party then? A strong believer of science and God will be able to find the truth rather than getting scared. Khan told himself. Khan pushed his bed to where it was, but then realized he needs to toy with them a bit. Khan again pushed it under the bed. Khan has a strong belief, he has made progress. Khan had also found carpet in Mathews’ room, probably nothing actually lies under Mathew’s carpet but it is to avoid suspicion. Mathew’s floor was covered to cover the fact that Langer’s sending holographic images to another room.
Khan will visit another neighbor today. It’s time for room number 2, each room is like visiting a psychopath in a cell, who are masked, when unveiled, they might actually say the truth. Khan has rung the bell.
Folito (Room Number 2) 
Khan was glimpsing Folito from up to down. Folito wasn’t in that party as per Khan’s extraordinary memory. A hawaii shirt, half-pant, glittering yellow eyes, half-bald, salamander shaped face tenaciously looked towards him. 
Khan said, “Hello, neighbor, how are you doing?”
Folito replied, “I am fine. What about you?”
Folito pretended he was expecting him but in reality he was not. Folito’s hands swung through the wooden door. Entering the room Khan replied, “I am fine too.”
Khan, the first thing he did, was to give a brief eye at the fan on the roof. This one is even better, it has a gap between the roof and wall, much easier he can scare from up and can get scared from down. Khan started his bittering again, “What’s your name?”
Folito replied, “I am Folito.”
Khan started to reply, “My name is…”
Folito replied, “Milton, I know you.”
Khan is looking at every corner of the house. Khan was going through the upper part of the house. 
Folito had noticed that and replied, “What are you looking at Mr. Milton?”
Khan was unprepared but he saw Folito after asking, glanced in the lower part of the room. Khan got an indication and that’s what he needs to find everything about someone like Folito. Khan wanted the coffee this time. Folito went to make it. Khan was basically openly looking at all the objects that were placed on the floor. Khan found some trunks, a furnished bed, a table for food and a table aside.
“Awesome,” Khan said to his glamorous self. Because he has found what Folito has been trying to hide. It's a safe. Khan can see the lingering mid-ranged complex lock with a password to put, from sitting in the uncomfortable chair. Khan has found himself a safe. A good one, the lock is more complex as it deals with password, Khan has to use the maximum potential of his brain to solve it. Folito came back with coffee. 
Khan said, “Wow, amazing, you can make good coffees.”
Folito gave a smile and said, “I am much obliged,”
Khan asked, “What do you do, Folito?”
Folito replied, “I am a locksmith.”
Khan has solved another part. A locksmith with a safe. Khan has to dig deep about this. 
Khan said, “Wonderful, if I ever lose any keys, I will definitely contact you.”
Folito nodded as yes but he was frightened inside, his half-bald had started to shed some sweat.
Khan was premising for a new start while having another blast at coffee. Khan is deliberately avoiding the safe now. 
Folito’s innocent eyes are giving the vibe that he is not aware of Milton’s discovery. 
Khan finished the coffee. He doesn’t order coffee after meals now, because he is drinking more coffee than Mrs. Larry would ever make for her.
Khan took the leave from Folito with a mild goodbye sign.
Khan has been in the stairs more than he has been to his bathroom. Khan opened his diary. He enrolled a new name with writing “Safe” beside it. He has visited room 1, 2, 5, 9, 15 and 16 and gave a glance and Harris is in room number 14, who needs to be investigated too. The rest of the rooms are still to be investigated. Now, 3rd floor has 4 rooms because 9 and 10 are the smallest rooms. Mrs. Keaton lives in number 9. 9 and 10 number rooms combine together a room that others have. So it’s divided into 2 halves. That’s why the other floors have 3 rooms but 3rd floor has 4 rooms. Kate was so impoverished that she had to take on room number 10. So room number 13 and room number 6 holds the key to Kate’s death because they had a direct connection to room number 10. Wait, what the….. June is in room number 13, Khan started scratching his head. June was the one that visited him with the funeral's flowers. Khan is shell-shocked. June was the woman in her 30s that visited him on day 1. Khan should have put a great deal of eyes towards Owen and June. He was not facing any trouble for 2 months, that’s why he forgot about June and Owen. Khan is drawing all these parts in his favorite diary. He is still processing what remains to be done.
 
Khan is yet to visit room number 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 11, 13 and 14. So they have to be investigated. Khan is feeling disgusted by the fact that he has to visit room number 13. He will visit tomorrow, nothing for today. It’s been enough.
Khan is on a roller coaster with Lee Eun, He is having a really romantic and lovely time. Khan then went on to eat ice-cream with her. Khan was in DisneyLand after that. Then they went to visit Hogwarts. Lee Eun loves them. Though Khan was seemingly happy to be with her until a girl at his back jumped and so horrible that he jumped meters away from it. Khan saw its face, Khan’s every pelage roamed upwards, he breathed inadequate amount of air, Lee Eun turned into one of them. Khan started running faster than Usain Bolt but in vain because they caught up to him. Khan wakes up with sweat all over him. Sweet was the dream but terrified him into pieces. Khan wakes up in the middle of the arrangements for him to fear. Khan found some lights in his room. Khan pretended he didn’t see it. His square shaped window sometimes sent some sort of light in the room. Khan was reminiscing about some sort of drama that is about to begin and is getting prepared. Khan was thinking of undermining the plot but played dead man like the one with the bear’s story. Khan is the main character, Mrs. Keaton is the hag director. Langer is the supporting role. Khan got scared in a way he didn’t expect. Khan was at the right side of his bed lying that way. A cold hand rested on his slim belly’s left side. Cold it was, like ice had rested on there. Khan couldn’t utter words like his mouth was covered with tapes. Khan doesn't know where it came from. Khan can hear it talk, “Why did you leave me? Come, come look at me, let go of your hands.” Khan has no heart to look at it. But she jumped in front of him with a huge metallic voice, “Don’t play with me, Milton.” Khan had never seen such a horrible face before and it was in front of his eyes. Khan saw disarranged faces, cuts in several places of the faces, a ghost if someone other than him saw, they would have died there.
Khan collapsed at that spot. Khan woke up with a fever. He is still shaking. He has none to look after him but he is fed up with getting scared. He is shaking to the extent that he is even planning to leave the house and work from outside or leave this case. He is battered, bruised and demolished on the inside. He has to take extra care of the nights now. Khan has to take care of so many things altogether that he is barely managing it. He is molded into a blanket, bald is wet now, and he is all sweaty but can’t refuse the blanket, shaking tremendously. Khan can get many scientific explanations but tell those scientists to come and live here and get extremely shocked every night and then they will understand what Khan has been going through. Khan somehow woke up from the bed, his kidneys are about to burst out, he needs the restroom. He opened the bathroom in the morning, the ghost was sitting upon the commode with all her hair in front of her, and Khan fainted again in the bathroom, flat out battered in the bathroom. Khan woke up with a bruise on his head just like Mrs. Larry had mentioned. This is traumatic, unacceptable, undermining, devastating and it's killing him from the inside. If he leaves now, he will be following that circle of life that he talked about. He worked all this up and will end up in the beginning again if he leaves now. He is traumatized. He thinks about Kate now. What Kate might have been through! A horror movie in real life! These clowns want to make a horror movie. Khan is self-reflecting with fear, who knows from where another ghost will show up. Khan is rigorously reading his diary. He is going through every line. So much so, he can remember every line now. His drawings have become so familiar with him that he can draw it in the same manner again without any changes towards it. But Khan knows he is becoming mentally unstable, day by day, he is becoming paralyzed, can’t go anywhere, can’t face anything, has started to become like Kate or Jenny perhaps. He is looking at the sun through the window, how beautiful it was to have a life without fear, what if it leaves a scar in him? What if he can never forget these terrible memories? What if he becomes hallucinated or he is now?
One thing Khan has discovered is that the ghost screamed “Milton” last night, if it was a Jinn it must have shouted Khan, because they know everything and there is nothing called Ghost. And even if there was, that would have called him Khan not Milton. Surely one of the clowns from this house had come to his room and played that role yesterday. Even after explaining all this to himself, Khan is still shaking to the point that it’s hard to breathe.
Khan can barely walk today. He didn’t get scared in the morning before but today it happened. He will now be targeted any time in the day or night. He needs to be fully aware of it. He needs to solve this case quickly now, otherwise he may turn into a mad man. Khan will visit as many people can today. He is sick but he doesn’t care. Khan will visit room number 13 first, June.
June (Room Number 13)
Khan had never been this much disrupted before, he is a well-known detective, much respected, people came to him only to receive wisdom and knowledge and that man now is passing out every millisecond. His reputation to himself has been dislocated. Khan rings the bell of room number 13. June is like his best friend. June opened the door. She looks sleepy just like the rest of them. 
June said, “Oh my god, Milton! Why aren’t you visiting me? I have visited you so many times.”
Khan’s obnoxious mind suddenly sent a signal that she is one of the scratchers of the wall. Khan felt grumpy and enraged. Khan replied, “Oh, I was busy with some woods.” 
June replied, “How are you, Milton?”
Khan said, “I am fine. What about you?”
June replied, “Same as always. Milton, you don’t look so good.”
Khan became violent within himself that these people created this trauma and then asked if I am doing well. Khan has determined if he breaks the case, he will definitely pitch it to the Judge that this is a notable case and all of the related people need to be hanged to death.
 
A sturdy bed, a book-shelf, a computer table with a high end computer, a ladder in the corner, a small dining table and a restroom. Khan is amazed, this house has everything. Is she on social media or what? Most people here don’t even know what the internet is. And this fella here has everything one needs. Khan finds a clue, she has to be their key to outer world news. What happened to Kate? Is the case closed? Did Sami Khan leave the case?
Khan replied, “No, no, I am fine.”
June gave a nasty look which said no you are not.
This room doesn’t have carpet. Probably it had. But Kate is dead and they are successful. So now the carpets have been shifted to the upper rooms because that’s where I live.
Khan sees the floor is newly made. Obviously it is. Because it must have had a big hole in the middle and that was covered with carpet. Khan’s investigation is complete. No other things can be seen.
Khan leaves the room after much unnecessary conversation.
Khan has come to Harveys with his diary. He has written abominable narration for room number 13 and has written previous carpet, scratcher, and computer beside all that.
Khan has ordered noodles today. He is famishing. He has become resilient seeing the boiled noodles. Harveys is the only thing Khan is going to miss. He can see the river from here while eating, what a lovely scenario!
Khan will be visiting them after he has finished eating. He is eating swiftly. His fear has started to shift today a bit. He won’t enter his room today. He can again see Wordsmith here. Seeing, Wordsmith, Khan has become very happy. He has come up with a plan. A plan that will settle some nerves. A plan only to have fun.
Khan said, “Wordsmith, give me your phone.” 
Wordsmith is confused. Who will Khan call? He hasn’t called somebody for months now. 
Khan took the phone and called someone, “Uncle Ali, How are you? Oh yes, yes! I am fine. I have missed you so much. Listen, I need some honey. Most importantly I need some bees in a medium sized bottle. Not full of bees. No, no. Some bees will be so much so that if it attacks someone, he or she doesn’t die. Hornet? Will one die? That’s the important part, I need them separate, honey in one, bees in another one. No mistake Uncle. Yeah, yeah, no mistake.”
Khan’s eyes are sparkling, he is arranging a dramatic plot, a plot that may have holes but the end product will give him some pleasure. Khan looks relieved. Much of his pain has started to drift away from him, now that he has planned a sweet and beautiful revenge. Wordsmith is sure Khan has gone mad but he will let Khan stay there because Wordsmith promised Khan that even if he gets mad, Wordsmith won’t close the case and officially Khan will stay the spy in disguise.
Khan can see Wordsmith has made an enormous gap in his mouth. Khan said, “Listen, you will give me two cameras today at lunch, I will be at Maceys in lunch exceptionally.”
Wordsmith replied, “Alright, I will.”
Khan is now to visit room number 6. Khan went up the stairs, last room of the 2nd floor. Direct connection to Kate’s room.
Jonathan Brothers (Room Number 6)
Khan has knocked the door. Guess what….. The Jonathan Brothers. Two of the biggest psychos Khan has ever met in his life are right in front of him. Khan said, “Hello, Jonathan Brothers.”
Jonathan brothers both with idiotic impression said, “Hello, Mr. Milton.”
Both said it simultaneously and it gave goosebumps because things couldn’t have been scarier than this. If they came into Khan's room. Khan would’ve recognized them at first glance. They were probably sent to Kate’s room. Khan again feels lost and becomes obnoxious. Khan replied, “Oh, you two replied at the same time. That’s awesome.”
They said again simultaneously, “How can we help you, Mr. Milton?”
Khan, “Nothing, I just came here to visit.” 
Khan pushes the door himself to enter, kind of forcing Jonathan Brothers to step aside.
He enters the room following a stench that's probably coming from the kitchen. Khan can see they were playing cards perhaps. Khan asked, “Were you playing cards?” 
They replied, “Yes.”
Khan can see their rudeness is so much that they can’t even pretend to hide it. They perhaps want to bash his head in the walls and kill him but maybe Mrs. Keaton has given them a strict warning not to do so. If they do so they will be thrown off the roof or something.
Khan sees some screws, nuts and some gears in the bed. Maybe they are mechanics. Shambolic it is, the room. Disheveled and ill-arranged room with a stench. Khan can’t see anything in particular in the room. Rather he was forced out of the house.
Khan came out of the house rather rapidly. Khan has visited them enough. None, even a detective shouldn’t stay there for too long. Khan will visit room number 3 now. 
Khan went down straight after room number 6. He isn’t going to his room because that may have some complex issues related to it as per following Mrs. Larry’s statement.
Khan came to room number 3. 
Goldberg (Room Number 3)
Khan was unready for it. A massive change in his thoughts when he found Goldberg in blood. He opened the gate in that dress that was stained in blood. Goldberg replied, “Hey, its ox blood.”
Khan is a detective and that is not as dark as ox blood should be. Khan thinks it's human blood. Will Khan get killed if they doesn’t push him towards suicide?
Goldberg invites him inside. Khan also promptly goes inside, well that’s just Milton, Khan is a bit afraid. What if he gets killed here? He didn’t even see Mrs. Larry for months.
Khan has to go with the process. Goldberg was cleaning his clothes in bathroom. Khan was waiting in the sofa. Goldberg changed his clothes and then came to Khan. Where did those bloody clothes go? No one knows. Goldberg had stains of blood here and there. Khan was reluctant to talk him out at this moment.
Khan asked, “What do you do for a living?”
Goldberg replied, “I am a woodcutter.”
“More like a man cutter,” Khan said to himself.
“Wow, that’s interesting. I am a carpenter,” said Khan
Khan is constantly looking at those stains. Goldberg again went to the bathroom to wash off his hands. Khan thinks that he is too busy. Khan said from outside, shouting, “I just came to say hello. I am leaving now. See you soon.”
No reply came as Khan leaves the room with much intricacy. Mysteries are creating more instead of unfolding. That’s the only concerning thing. Khan hasn’t been able to solve two mysteries up until now. One is the party incident, another is this “blood man”. Khan also hasn’t solved the girl in her bed but he convinced himself that it came from under the bed, which is pretty convincing. Rest are holographic images. Khan has just now found another mystery upon thinking. How come they always know he is in sleep? They must have some sort of source in the room that sends them the news of him sleeping soundly. Khan thinks there is a hole in his room. Probably that is sending the news of him sleeping but that can’t be true. Khan has looked upon every corner to find that hole. It isn’t there. What will solve this mystery? 
Khan is practically living outside up until now. It's lunch time. Maceys is further away from Harveys. Khan can’t take any more risks of meeting with Wordsmith there. So he has come a long way to Maceys.
Khan found Wordsmith easily. Probably Wordsmith was just waiting for him there. Khan said, “Did you get the camera?”
Wordsmith replied, “Yes, I did.”
Wordsmith handed two cameras to Khan.
Khan is looking happy after a couple of months for the first time. Khan said, “I will send you back these cameras once I am done. You need to be at Maceys for 3 days straight. I will come here one day in any of the three days.”
Wordsmith replied, “I will.”
Khan was delighted and danced off to take lunch. Finishing lunch, he also met his uncle. Got the honey and bees. He went on to take a taxi and came home. He will visit room number 14 now, his old Mountain Friend Harris. Harris may hold the key to something; Khan guesses.
Let’s see how things unfold after going there. Khan again skipped going to his own room which is room number 12.
Harris (Room Number 14)
 Khan ran up the stairs in a bag that is full of two jars to meet with Harris. He rang the bell. Harris, opening his door, said, “Hello, Khan.”
Khan knows this man may hold key to many things. His attitude, deep brown eyes, a huge structure of body, and an overcoat all seem rather mysterious to Khan.
Khan said, “I didn’t get to thank you for setting me up with the appreciation letter.”
Harris replied, “Don’t mention it. One neighbor to another. It’s my duty.”
Khan entered the room.
Khan gave him some chocolates out of the bag, so he doesn’t doubt what else is in the bag. 
Harris genuinely loved it but can’t show much appreciation.
Khan can see he is a mechanical engineer. Lots of projects are already in his house and some sheets of projects are lying on the bed with rather little attention for others. A computer, some other devices that Khan doesn’t know of.
Khan asked with surprise, “Are you a mechanical engineer?”
Harris promptly replied, “Yes, I am.”
Khan needs to investigate his own room.
A mechanical engineer, he can make anything to destroy Khan. Khan is now paying less attention to Harris’s “degree pride” statements but rather into what he has missed in his room. What if this man invented something and Khan won’t recognize it? Now an engineer is a problem here, he might even be good at electrical or computer science even after majoring in mechanical.
Khan plumed his eyes into other things in the room. Nothing much. Khan couldn’t stop the chattering Harris. He kept on talking about his engineering passion, degree and some rather boring things. Khan’s biggest problem can be seen by him now. He underestimated the case. He couldn’t have thought this case was going to be this much scarier. Khan stayed in the room of Harris for some time. After a bit of staying, he has to leave now.
Khan ended the joyful and cheering conversation with Harris, because it was rather the opposite.
Khan came to his room this time. Khan won’t visit anymore today. He has no strength. Khan was hesitating and wasted 5 minutes in front of the door to decide whether to go in or not. Khan took the jar of honey out of the bag and then opened the door. He was about to….
No, the girl is not here. Khan was relieved, he was dancing the whole way to find her in his room but now that she is not here, Khan is actually feeling good about this. He is now doubting every corner of the room in the search of how they can know Khan has fallen asleep. Khan’s brain is going everywhere to search for the truth. Khan is looking at the window, the fan, the ceiling, the walls but he can’t get it. Khan is now saying, “Sleep, what is related to sleep? When one sleeps, the pituitary gland releases growth hormones. What? Oh my god, what if they have installed something inside me or outside to know if my pituitary gland releases growth hormones. No, it’s too deep for a mechanical engineer. Though I am yet to visit 4, 7 and 8 number rooms, still that’s pretty unlikely to happen. Then what is related with sleep, pillow, mattress, bed. Hold on a second, Bed! Khan is thinking the bed has been functioned in such a way or with some chip code that it sends the signal of his sleeping. Maybe if he doesn’t change his direction of sleeping for 30 minutes or doesn’t move for 30 minutes, it sends a signal. This is not impossible. Any good engineer can make a thing like this.” Khan has started to look into his bed. He is making a mess of it. He pulled the mattress out of the bed. He has thrown the pillow out of his bed. He can now see the wooden bed only. Khan is laying hand around every corner of the bed. He is checking the upper surface first, after a couple of searches, he is now searching the lower part. Khan’s eyes glossed with hope as he touched something triangular shaped. A device. Khan went under the bed to see it. It is a device. It may have the capability to send signals. But Khan doesn’t want to touch it. If he touches it and disables it, then his upcoming plans will be destroyed. Khan wants this device to work perfectly if he wants to make some progress out of it. Khan knows this is a little bit of progress. Though Khan walks around the stairs a lot, he doesn’t see others in the stairs a lot. He is still trying to find out why. Perhaps they start visiting each other at midnight. Khan will be able to catch some culprits now but not all of them. Khan has to know all of them well to the point that they believe him to be a dancing idiot. The visitation of Khan after a brief 2 months has already caused some suspicion. Khan is disturbed and wants to bash his own head in the wall because he has wasted the first 2 months, he could have visited them in the first two months. But Khan suddenly also thinks he wouldn’t have found the carpet in Langer’s room if he visited them earlier. Probably he wasn’t put into scary stuff in the first two months because they were arranging the plot for him to get scared. Khan is planning to visit the other 3 neighbors tomorrow. Khan felt absolute sleep in his eyes. He laid down, he kept the two jars beside him. 
Khan was in deep sleep, he had drools drowning down in the deep ocean of his bed until a drama started to play. Khan woke up, in his right wall, a show was playing with shadows. The shadow of a woman killing a man was near beside him. It was dawn. Khan was not afraid, he was enjoying the show of a woman killing his husband perhaps. Until, Khan saw a woman beside his bed started lingering up the bed and with a knife was about to attack him. Khan jumped off the bed. With the magnificent jump, the jar of bees broke in front of him. Khan can still see the lady coming towards him. Khan somehow gets to the jar of honey, he had no intention of breaking it but honey is so dense that he can’t throw it, he realized, so he ran towards the ghost and took the knife from her and broke the jar, dropped it and left the room. Screams were so loud they could’ve brought the whole house down. All of the neighborhood can hear the screams. Khan didn’t go in to save her. She could have died but Khan had to do it. Khan went running to the bush outside the house. Khan started following her. The lady kept running until she found the river, jumped into it. Khan saw the lady’s makeup drowning and saw the face, unfamiliar, room 4, 7 or 8 probably. Now Khan brought out his camera, snapped some photos of her face that had signs of bee sting all over her face, Khan had already filmed her attack with a knife on the camera today. He had already set the camera in the room in the recording mode so that it records everything. Khan has played a great part in bringing down just one person. Khan has got the two cameras with him now and Khan had already set his uncle to follow this lady. Khan’s uncle starts to follow this lady because Khan knows she won’t be visiting Mrs. Keaton’s house today.
Khan didn’t go to his room, rather he waited up until morning to give Wordsmith the two cameras in Maceys. Khan found Wordsmith a couple of hours later. Khan told Wordsmith to keep these two cameras in his own room. Khan and Wordsmith start watching the tape, a lady enters through the door of his house, that’s enough to strangle Mrs. Keaton’s into this. A show started to play and she went under the bed. The rest is known to Khan. Wordsmith now believes Khan is not mad. Khan said, “This is just the beginning, only one caught, the rest can’t be dealt with this one clip. I don’t know if this will help or not but at least if things go south we can file a case against the lady and Mrs. Keaton because she gave the keys though she can refuse that. So, we need more evidence.”
Khan doesn’t feel he has achieved something, rather he had to play a child’s game to get what he wanted. Honey and bees. Khan is laughing at his own self. Khan has never thought that he would go through such childish things to haunt a ghost himself. That ghost will be haunted by Khan for the rest of its life. Khan has been talking with himself so much he has been thinking of keeping a company beside him after he is done with this job. Khan had to go alone for this one anyways. So this one doesn’t count on going with a companion. Khan has a comprehensive amount of things to look forward to now. 
Khan starts the day of at Maceys with Wordsmith. Khan has strictly forbidden Wordsmith to lay another finger on the camera. He can’t touch them ever after bringing it in his own home rather than the custody. Khan has also warned him not to talk over this with anyone. Khan was officially in Bali, Indonesia. Now he has left for Bangladesh to visit Cox’s Bazar. Khan is busy, man! Khan has ordered pasta today at Maceys. Maceys is right around the corner of a salon, a barber shop and a butcher shop. Khan is chatting with life and death with Mr. Wordsmith whose name is Word now for the disguised version because he has no role to play. Khan has found himself as a carpenter, a new name, a new identity. Khan will visit room 4, 7, and 8 today to see who this lady is because she will not be found in one of the rooms.  And obviously Owen lives in room number 11. Khan will take a look there too today. Khan said to Word, “Word, have you been visiting Mrs. Larry?”
Wordsmith caught a mild glance at Khan saying, “Yes, I am paying for the gas, water and electricity.”
Khan said, “How about you leave the police job and be a detective? You have spent more time in this case than an average police officer anyways. How about becoming my companion?”
Wordsmith got stuck with water and split that out on the right side, otherwise the water would splash into Khan. 
Wordsmith said with fear, “For this case?”
Khan threw a mild smirk saying, “No, don’t be afraid. Not for this one. How about after this case?”
Wordsmith replied, “If you come out alive from the horror movie, definitely I will think about it.”
Khan felt a bit relieved in spite of the chaos that is happening inside him. Khan is thinking about the forest that is situated behind Mrs. Keaton’s House. Goldberg is also a woodcutter. Khan has been circling his food.
Wordsmith asked, “Have you come to the first place from where you started?”
Khan replied, “Wordsmith, you will become a great detective. I am actually thinking about the first thing I saw when I first came to this house. Probably I started it all wrong. My first step was wrong.”
Khan shows no intention of clarifying the statement. So Wordsmith doesn’t push him to say the secrets.
Khan has finished his breakfast. Wordsmith paid the bill. Khan is obviously not paying where Wordsmith is already present. Khan is inattentive to everything these days. The case is getting darker. Khan is thinking about the safe, the code, what lies in Mrs. Keaton’s house?
Khan came home but still he didn’t enter his room, another ghost may be clinging with bees following her.
Khan will visit room number 4.
Nate (Room Number 4)
 Khan has entered the room after saying hi, hello. Nate is a woman of 60, just like Mrs. Keaton. Khan said, “How come I have never seen you before?”
Nate replied, “I am too old to move too much.”
Khan understood, “Oh, it must be hard, Mrs. Nate.”
Mrs. Nate replied, “Mr. Milton, have a seat. Let me make some coffee for you.”
Khan after drinking coffee a billion times in this house is fearing now about what if the coffee is poisoned. Why has he not thought about it before?
 
The room has various portraits. What lies behind them? The situation of those portraits don’t suggest they have anything to do with secret objects behind them. Khan is praising a specific portrait, a burning ship with shades of gray touches and brushes. Khan can see the art behind this specific painting. Khan has started to forget what was in others’ room despite his sharp memory. Sitting there he is now praising himself for writing down everything in his beautiful (not really) diary.
Khan is looking at some age-old chairs, tables and books. Obviously she is old but is she with them?
Khan has already started to guess she is innocent because she is missing that criminal vibe that detectives can smell from some miles away. 
Khan is looking for anything that is suspicious. Khan can’t find any. It’s really difficult to judge a room by its cover. It needs to be turned upside down to judge if it’s really suspicious but Khan’s quick glance towards everything and an extreme passion for it has provided enough information already despite judging by the cover.
Khan can see mosaic designs up in the ceiling. Most times they are on the floor. What has she done to the house?
Maybe she thought up is down, down is up. She is maybe 70. Who knows?
Mrs. Nate came with a cup of coffee. Khan took the cup despite his hands are shaking because of the poison that must be included there. Khan still drank it thinking it must have poison in it. Has he been drinking slow poison every day?
“Oh my god,” Khan told his brain. Khan is easily terrified these days. 
Khan asked Mrs. Nate, “Do you live alone?”
Mrs. Nate replied, “Yes, my dear. My love died many years ago.”
Khan replied, “Oh, I am so sorry, Mrs. Nate.”
Mrs. Nate doesn’t reply. Khan can see she loved him much. Khan asked Mrs. Nate, “How many years have you been here?”
Mrs. Nate replied with the answer Khan was not expecting, “2 years.”
Khan asked, “2 years?”
“Yes,” replied Mrs. Nate.
Khan gets unsettled and asks, “Did Kate come here a lot?”
Mrs. Nate replied, “Yes, she did. She was my honey. Such a lovely girl. She came here a lot.”
Khan is scratching his head. 
Mrs. Nate suddenly jumped out of her seat towards Khan. “You will not get by here alive, why did you come here?” Mrs. Nate screamed.
Khan jumped a bit too as he thought Mrs. Nate was coming to bite him. Khan takes some deep breaths. What is she talking about?
“No one leaves here alive, either dead or commits suicide.”
Suddenly Folito, Mrs. Keaton, Goldberg, Harris came to the room and Mrs. Keaton had an injection syringe in her hand. 4 held her and Mrs. Keaton pushes the syringe in her veins saying, “She has dementia. Don’t come near her.”
Khan replied, “What?”
They replied and forced Khan out of the room. Khan came out of the room and He can’t believe what he heard. Khan was unsettling, only one thing rings in his mind, you can’t leave this place. Khan is starting to fear again. What if Khan also turns out dead, what then? Their crimes will go deep under the ocean if Khan dies. Khan is already playing with fire. His bee act has already ignited the fire more. What if Khan pays a heavy debt for his actions? The door was shut in front of Khan and he was suggested not to come.
Khan has come to room number 7 in that scared state. But he didn’t knock. He will go to take lunch first. Khan walked outside of the vicious house, Khan doesn’t eat at Harveys anymore, too risky because he will meet with Wordsmith more now, things have started to go out of hand, if he works alone now, he may get absolutely bruised.
Khan came to the Maceys, and found Wordsmith. Has Wordsmith started to live here or what?
Khan asked, “Have you started to live here?”
Wordsmith replied, ‘Basically, yes. Khan, you have some bad news.”
Khan was shocked. Bad news from Wordsmith. Will the case be closed? Khan said to himself.
Wordsmith replied, “Your uncle came with questionable news. That lady entered the house from Jenny committed suicide.”
Khan felt the world had fallen apart unto him. “WHAT?”
Khan's eyes were about to pop out as they became big. Khan is feeling vertigo. “What are you talking about?”
Khan is surprised to the point where he can’t inhale.
Wordsmith said, “I am just stating what your uncle said.”
Khan asked, “Wordsmith, will you be able to come up with another camera at Maceys at dinner?”
Wordsmith replied, “Yeah, but cameras will get short at this rate.”
Khan replied, “Get those two recordings sent to your computer or pen drive and keep them in safe with the code''K77Y56”. And send me those previous 2 cameras. But remember you can’t lose them.”
Wordsmith responded, “Of course. I won’t lose them.”
Khan is focusing on the dinner tonight, not the dinner itself of course, but those 2 cameras are much needed. He prayed in the restaurant like always. 
Khan is reflecting on what he heard, Jenny’s death is interconnected with Kate’s death. Jenny’s death is by that house’s neighbors. But what does that to do with this house’s neighbors? Hold on a second. Khan’s brain was clicked with the party. That party, those neighbors, were Jenny's neighbors! Khan is mystified. He is having a very difficult time digesting it. Then are these 2 houses connected with each other? Khan has no idea whatsoever. Khan can’t go and search for that house. He can only bring down this house. If he brings down his neighbors, Jenny’s neighbors may automatically go down, who knows? Great that it is far away from Maceys. What if Maceys was close with it?
Khan came to Mrs. Keaton’s house but he doesn’t visit Mrs. Keaton that much. He will be visiting room number 7, but the bell didn’t present anybody. Khan is guessing this is the “lady of bees”. Khan stood almost 5 minutes but none came to the door. Khan wrote in his diary that room number 7 belongs to “Bee Woman.”
Khan is on his way to room number 8. Khan is obviously fed up by visiting his neighbors. It’s like going to see psychopaths in their own room alone. He can get killed any seconds. He has no other way too. This is the closest way he can get to them which is by knowing them and observing them.
Onelson (Room Number 8)
Onelson greeted Khan as Khan entered the room. Onelson is not so tall. He is wearing a jacket of bluish green color. 
Khan asked directly, “What do you do for a living, Onelson?”
Onelson replied, “I am a forest supervisor.”
Khan was excited. He is getting some indication that the forest may hold the key to many things that are about to come next.
Khan is providing a dense look to the room. Not much is in the room to see. As a forest supervisor, he has many portraits of animals, some books about forests and all that.
Onelson asked, “What is your job?”
Khan replied, “I am a carpenter.”
Onelson replied, “Wow, that’s impressive.”
Khan replied, “I don’t get paid much. I am barely making it.”
Onelson replied, “Yeah, I heard you were the one that bargained with Mrs. Keaton for room number 10, where Kate died.”
Khan replied, “Well, tell me more about Kate.”
Onelson replied, “Kate was a very efficient girl at first. After staying here for a while, she used not to come out of her room. We were just working normally, so we couldn’t know what was happening with her. One day we saw her swing in the branches of the tree.”
Khan can see where this is going. He is only trying to scare Khan of the jumping ghost that jumps from one branch to another.
Onelson continued, “We thought she was mentally unstable. We should have contacted the mental asylum then but we didn’t. And she became mad so much so that she jumped off the roof, which is obviously saddening. She jumped in the road. People tried to save her after that. But she was already gone.”
Khan was done with the supervising and left after sharing some words with the supervisor. 
Owen (Room Number 11)
Owen is a close friend of Khan outwardly. Owen is old. Khan greets him as he enters. He is retired and stays at home all the time. Definitely involved with the scratchers of the wall.
Khan is most disturbed with Owen and June because they live beside him and constantly disturbs him. He hasn’t visited Owen ever though Owen has visited him many times. Owen’s room has nothing. A rather dull atmosphere there. Owen maybe just does those scary voices and that’s it. Maybe more lies ahead if mysteries unfold more in future.
Khan was forced to take dinner at Owens’ room as he is his closest friend. Khan had to eat the food made by Owen. Clean and looked delicious, so Khan dropped the idea of poison. Khan stayed there for a brief moment. So, he gave looks towards every object in the room which was less in number. Khan can’t really find anything that will become useful to him. Khan’s visitation to Owen wasn’t that fun except for the feast. Khan has finished his visitation to all the neighbors now.
Khan was rather happy to complete his journey of visiting his beautiful, loving and caring neighbors.
Khan has gone to the Maceys, he needs two cameras again though there are no bees and that trick will not work anymore.
4. DEATH
 Khan brought those 2 cameras home. Khan has to install one at Mrs. Nate’s room. Who knows what’s happening there? Besides, she has leaked some details about life and death which may annoy Mrs. Keaton.
Though it was night, Khan rang the bell. Stacey opened the door. Khan was surprised. What’s Stacey doing here? Khan entered the room, there was none except Stacey and Mrs. Nate. Mrs. Nate was sleeping and Stacey won’t leave her behind. Khan told Stacey to bring a glass of water and stayed beside Mrs. Nate. Upon leaving, Khan quickly stuck the camera into book shelf covering it with books. The noise made Stacey come quickly, Khan told her that Khan was just settling the windows. Khan is reluctant to leave Mrs. Nate behind but Stacey forces him out of the room saying he shouldn’t stay here. Khan left the room without giving it much thought. The camera will feature if they tried to scare her.
Khan was befooled the whole 2 months as the next day Mrs. Nate was found dead. If you aren’t scared, then you end up dead. That’s the rule here, Khan realized after shocking news came to him.
Khan came down running, everyone was crying even Stacey but Khan is bewildered. Khan quickly entered the room, took the camera very carefully and hid it in his underwear. Khan needs to look at what happened.
Khan feels like an idiot for leaving Mrs. Nate. No bruise, scar, cut or slit. She perhaps will go down as a normal death but Khan knows deep down that it wasn’t normal.
Khan is devastated. Mrs. Nate has no relatives to scream for “crime” but the burial of her didn’t take much time. They are extreme but Khan isn’t. That’s why Khan has a better chance at losing, Khan said to his remorse self. Many dropped tears as her burial took place but none knows if anyones’ tears were real.
Khan only had one normal person but as it seems, she is gone too. An anguish gets set in Khan. His visitation may have provoked something deep. More importantly, people are cursing more about this house. More people now think the house is haunted. Only Khan knows it isn’t. Perhaps Kate and Jenny too. Because they were either scared to death or murdered. Khan has started to feel anxiety as he thinks he can even get killed in the broad daylight. A woman with a knife already visited her. Did she come into his room to kill him?
Khan is in no position to solve the case anymore. He will first have a look at this camera’s recording.
Khan starts walking down the road. He takes a taxi to Maceys. Khan may leave the case here as life has become more difficult to carry on here.
Khan can see Wordsmith is aware of the news as he laments looking towards Khan. Khan has no emotion now. Khan opened the camera and gave it to Wordsmith.
Wordsmith can’t find any courage to open the recording but a rather mild looking Khan creates such a presence, that Wordsmith starts the recorded clip.
Khan’s departure is caught on the camera first. Just after Khan left, Stacey took the pillow and stuffed it in Mrs. Nate’s face. Mrs. Nate gave some futile attempt through shaking her legs for some seconds until the soul was sent to God.
Wordsmith vomited in front of everyone after watching it while Khan was on the other side. People gave a rather disturbed look. Khan also couldn’t bear it but he was expecting something like this. But he is hurt and thrashed. Wordsmith and he came out of Maceys. Wordsmith gargled some water and spit it in a bin. Khan has been thinking about his own death.
Khan starts the talking with a shattered voice, “Wordsmith, if I die, take care of Mrs. Larry for me.”
Wordsmith was unprepared for such a deep conversation but nodded his head and said, “Don’t die Khan.”
Khan is more sorrowful because of the case going down with him. Who will bring them down? Khan knows he is the one that can bring them down but only when he is alive. Khan will just focus on living. His only job is to not die there.
Khan took the taxi home. He entered his room with long steps. Khan knows psychos don’t have any reason to kill but he still can’t see the reason for scaring people. Do they just love to see people go mad?
Maybe something like that.
Khan is checking the bathroom if there is any creature there. Not really, probably the ghosts are resting. Khan is lying in the bed thinking if he sleeps now, he may end up lying deep in his grave.
Khan opens up his diary to mark Mrs. Nate’s death as a deep breath of regret fills the air.
This is the biggest case one detective has ever dealt with, one can bring down a whole company but can one bring down 16 serial killers? Khan is losing the urge to work.
Khan circles a couple of parts. Especially “The Safe”. Khan circles it more than usual. The safe, it has to be open. It has a security passcode to it. Khan doesn’t know how many digits the password is which makes the task even more difficult. He is writing a draft again.
Room Number 1 – Stacey – Killer of Mrs. Nate, Athlete.
Room Number 2 – Folito – The Safe, Locksmith.
Room Number 3 – Goldberg – Woodcutter, Blood in clothes.
Room Number 4 – Mrs. Nate – Dead, Room empty now.
Room Number 5 – Emma & Freya – Makeup Artists.
Room Number 6 – Jonathan Brothers – Chaotic Psychos, Mechanics.
Room Number 7 – Bee Woman - Visitation Needed, Visited Jenny’s House.
Room Number 8 – Onelson – Forest Supervisor.
Room Number 9 – Mrs. Keaton – The Mastermind.
Room Number 10 – Kate – Dead, Room empty now.
Room Number 11 – Owen – Scratcher.
Room Number 12 – Mine – Horror things happen here.
Room Number 13 – June – Previous carpet, Computer, Scratcher.
Room Number 14 – Harris – Mechanical Engineer.
Room Number 15 – Langer – Carpet.
At that moment, a letter had arrived. Obviously Mrs. Larry’s. Khan promptly starts to read.
Dear Milton,
Our dog doesn’t bark anymore. It is on the brink of death. Your wife has found another man. Your dad has become even busier than before. The dog stays outside of home in search of you. I sometimes start barking with the dog. We thought you had died. The news of another death in that house had made our dog go crazy. It started running in a circle around our house. As the news showed some of your pictures, the dog stopped barking, it cried and so did I. Will he ever come home? I sometimes ask the dog this. He mourns but doesn’t reply with bark. I have learned some language to communicate with him as I am so alone. Milton, don’t skip meals. Sometimes the dog also asks me if you will come back alive. I replied that he most definitely will.
Yours,
Mrs. Larry.
Khan has started loving these disguised letters. No wonder his grandmother will be full of talent but these letters have so deeper meanings that Khan himself has become proud. Khan laughed and became happy as the letter of Mrs. Larry comforted his soul.
Khan has now again started working. Khan will have to investigate Mathew’s decorated pieces, Folito’s safe and Mrs. Keaton’s house thoroughly.
Khan has come out to take fresh air from the direct environment with a huge package in his hand. A charismatic atmosphere rests as Khan takes deep breaths in. Khan has sat on a bench. Strangers started to glance at him everywhere he goes now because of another death in the same house. A man came and sat beside him. A curious one, Khan realized after observing him.
He started talking, “How is it to live there?”
Khan replied, “Amazing.”
The man said, “Amazing? Don’t you get scared?
Khan replied, “I do. Yes. I have never once seen a ghost before coming to this house. But now I have seen more ghosts than an actor in a horror movie.
The man asked, “How do they look?”
Khan replied, “Fragile. Couple of kids run around my house. They can’t cause much harm. Just pull some of my hair.”
The man found it interesting. “Didn’t you face any big ghosts?”
Khan replied, “I did. I even punched one in its nose. It then flew away from my windows. It had wings.”
The man replied, “Wow, but why do people die here if none hurts?”
Khan replied, “I am trying to find out for myself. I am a newbie here. If I lived here the same amount of time they did. I will know the answer.”
“I heard only new people who come here die. The rest are unhurt. Is it true?”  The man asked.
Khan replied, “Yes, as it turns out to be.”
The man asked, “Don’t you find it dubious?”
Khan asked, “What’s your name mister?”
The man said, “Thompson.”
Khan said, “Listen, Thompson, not all dubious things are dubious but the least dubious things tend to be more dubious.”
Thompson’s brain couldn’t process the subterranean statement but still nodded to agree with Khan.
Thompson asked, “What’s your name?”
Khan replied, “My name is Milton.”
Thompson said, “If you need any help, contact me. I work at the salon.”
Khan said, “Oh, the salon beside Harveys.”
Thompson replied, “Yes.”
Khan can see the gesture of Thompson’s is an innocent and curious one. But he might have an ulterior motive. Up until now, Khan doesn’t see any problem in him.
Khan replied, “I will come to ask for help someday.”
Thompson said, “Take all the help you can but don’t end up dead.”
Khan can create friends within minutes because his way of talking is likable but he doesn’t do so because he can’t trust people. With much difficulty, he has created some sort of trust for some people.
A little puppy came running towards Khan. Khan started stroking his fingers around its furs. It was Thompson’s.
Thompson said, “That’s Metal.”
Khan replied, “Oh, nice name. Come on Metal. Good boiiii”
Thompson loved the way Khan is petting him. Thompson became a bit curious at Khan’s much attention to his puppy. Thompson asked, “Do you have a dog, Milton?”
Khan wasn’t ready for such a question because a dog lately sends him letters.
Khan replied, “Oh, yes. My dog barks a lot and bites often breaking the rule of “Barking dogs seldom bite”.”
Thompson laughed a bit at that. “What’s the name?” He asked.
Khan replied, “Larry” and burst into laughter though he wasn’t planning to.
Thompson frowned a bit as the laughter was uncalled for. 
Khan noticed that and said, “Nothing, a joke came to my mind.”
Khan normally doesn’t talk so much but a stranger is actually healing him which is much to his surprise.
Khan knows he shouldn’t talk much to someone because some may turn out to be the killers but still takes the chance because at this rate he will probably become mad.
He asked for a favor from Thompson then. Khan has a big bag beside.
Khan had circled all over his diary. After careful searching here and there, he has concluded that for further progress, he needs to visit forest. He has also thought about living there for a week or two and obviously to escape the certain death that is coming ahead in his life. Khan packed his bag when he came to take fresh air. Khan had a life threat and Mrs. Nate said none can leave this place. How about going to the forest? Will they kill him because he is leaving? Or they will let him go and kill in the forest? None knows. That’s why Khan is escaping to the forest. He doesn’t know if he is leaving to save his life or to investigate the forest. Maybe he is escaping to the forest because one more day here means death. Maybe other people were bound by poverty and other things which are yet to be revealed. 
Khan asked, “Thompson, let’s travel to the forest for a week.”
Thompson couldn’t believe what he was listening to. He had only met him for a few minutes but he was also planning to travel to Bali, Indonesia. Thompson asked, “Isn’t Bali a better place to visit?”
Khan replied, “What are you talking about? There is no place better than this forest.”
Khan said to himself, “Obviously Bali is better.”
Thompson may be a nomad or maverick. Khan asked, “What do you do for a living?”
Thompson replied, “I am a Vlogger on YouTube. I travel from place to place.”
Khan was astonished and said, “Amazing. Are you famous?”
Khan is having second thoughts about this. What if he is related to Onelson, the forest supervisor? But the chances are small. So Khan is about to take a tiny bit of risk.
Thompson replied, “Yeah, I guess. I have 5 million subscribers.”
Khan felt thunderstruck and said, “What the……..”
Thompson said, “It’s not much. Pewdiepie has 111 million, so…”
Khan said, “You are a celebrity, mate.”
Though Khan is impressed by the number, it has nothing to do with the case. So, Khan quickly changes the topic by saying, “Meet me at Harveys packing your luggage. I will be there for lunch.”
Khan goes to Maceys to meet with Wordsmith. Khan always feels someone is following him or staring at him. But Khan has ignored the doubt.
Khan finds Wordsmith. Khan said directly, “Wordsmith, I will be roaming around the forest for 1-2 weeks.”
Wordsmith asked, “Are you running away?”
Khan replied, “Yeah.”
Khan hides the fact that something deep may lie near the forest.
Khan doesn’t want Wordsmith to think he is working for the case but to think he is running away and taking a break. 
Khan asked, “Wordsmith, will you travel with me there?”
Wordsmith replied, “No, I will have to take care of the things down here. And also because my police job is already in line because of the recent cases and my excessive breaks in work, to come here. If I waste 1-2 weeks, I may lose my job. Besides, some will have to take care of your case, right? I have a friend in the forest. He will know you.”
Khan was convinced and he wasn’t expecting too. He just wanted to ask to ensure. He is glad that he found Thompson otherwise he would’ve gone to the forest on his own, which is absolutely foolish. Khan is assuming Thompson will come.
Khan has bought another bag and filled with parceled food that was taken from Maceys. Khan is good to go but he needs to buy some things. Khan has already paid 3 months bill to Mrs. Keaton, so he is good to go but he needs equipment to cover the forest threat. Khan has gone to the police custody. He has got himself a licensed gun, a torchlight, a rope, batteries, a phone, a laptop, a camera, a rain jacket, a shovel and compass all from police custody. Khan is focusing his neurons on what other products may become useful there.
Khan has come to the Harveys at lunch. He can’t find Thompson here. Will he not come?
Khan is thinking it’s not absolutely perplexing that he isn’t coming. I mean, they just met a couple of hours ago, why will he ever come?
Khan is waiting but he is hiding in a corner of the Harveys, what if someone from Mrs. Keaton’s house notices him? That will definitely be a disaster. Speaking of disaster, the owner of Harveys saw him.
Owner said, “Milton, your baldness is shining. Get out of there.” 
Khan trims his own head in his bathroom with a razor so that it shines. So he thinks he has done a great job. 
Khan stood up and said, “Wassup?”
Saying this Khan became a bit nostalgic as he took on the role of comedian when he first came here but instead became a protagonist of a horror film.
The owner said, “Are you looking for someone?”
Khan said, “Harvey, just remember you haven’t seen me here, I am not here. If someone asks you about me, tell them you haven’t seen Milton for weeks.”
Harvey gave a dimmed nod towards that quote.
Khan saw Thompson entering the restaurant. Khan called him from under the table and whispered, “What’s your mobile number?”
Thompson replied with the number.
Khan saved it in his phone.
Khan and Thompson left the Harveys covering both of them with a jacket. People thought they were kissing which starred away some suspicious looks towards them. They will go now to the forest. Thompson made Khan amazed by the outfit he has worn. A brown hat made of leather in his head that has a ribbon with it to knot with the face, which Thompson has done. Thompson has put on a gray jacket and a gray half-pant. A pair of Nike shoes. Even Khan hadn't prepared that much for the adventure when he was the one that convinced him.
Khan took permission from police control to search the forest. He was allowed to enter mid-forest. Khan told Thompson that only they can go deep in the forest because they got police control and permission. Thompson, who doesn’t know much about these, nodded yes.
5. The Forest
 Khan and Thompson entered the forest. A forest with trees and bamboo that has towered upon the sky. With trunks here and there lying like they are pieces of obstacle. The sky can be barely seen with ravens lingering up the meadow. Khan is feeling fresh air in his chest.
Thompson is so excited. He has started his video for YouTube. 
“Dear guys, today we are traveling through a forest. For some reason, we can’t disclose the name. I will be showing you what a forest journey looks like with a series of videos. Pointing towards Khan he said, “This shiny bald man, Hitman with me is Mr. Milton. We are travelling together. We don’t know what lies ahead. Insects, centipedes, tigers, sharks, birds, alligators, monkeys and what not. I am excited for the trip. Milton, let's hear it from you.”
Khan was hesitant but he thought maybe his character Milton can get a bit famous by appearing in his video.
 
Khan started the bittering, “Wassup, it’s your boy Milton with the shiny shiny bald. I am in the forest guys. It’s filled with snakes, insects everywhere. So much uncertainty. It’s getting dark. Who knows what will happen then? We will see.”
At that moment Thompson screamed and jumped upon Khan. Thompson screamed, “Snake, save me, what the, it’s a snake!”
Khan jumped hearing that with Thompson in his hand. Later, Khan saw it’s just a black long ribbon swirling around a tree with a flare of air.
The video was disrupted and Khan was disturbed by Thompson.
“Thompson it’s just a ribbon!” Khan said.
Thompson still couldn’t believe him and stayed on his palms.
Khan dropped him and Thompson noticed that it’s actually a ribbon. Then he gave a sigh of relief.
Khan and Thompson entered deep into the forest until they saw some people. They had different sorts of clothes, not primitive but in accordance with the forest.
Khan said, “Hello, Sir. My name is Milton.”
It was a man in his 50's. He gave a handshake to Khan. Khan promptly participated in it. He said his name was Owkwa with a different accent, a more primitive one. Their tribe is called Shilon. Owkwa also restated that Wordsmith once saved his life. 
Some of the Native Americans still live in native forests. Khan was not aware of this, so it shocked him a bit.
Khan saw plenty of tribal people. They have their own way of welcoming him. Ladies came with massive leaves to cover a passage of area for them to walk through it. Khan and Thompson walked towards the end and goat’s milk was presented to them.
Khan and Thompson were surprised but Thompson rapidly finished the huge jar of goat’s milk. Obviously he did it for the video. He even shot footage of tribes.
Khan drank with lots of slurps. Little girls and boys came toward them running and started giggling. Khan got closer to them and started tickling them. They fall apart with laughing,
Khan and Thompson followed them. Owkwa and the tribe led them to their huts. 
Khan was amazed by the tribe’s activities. They were making fire with wood and all that. Khan was mesmerized to the point that Milton came out of him and Khan himself said to Owkwa, “I am glad you still exist.” Owkwa felt a bit emotional with this proclamation.
Khan loves this diversity among people. Khan has the case in his mind but his tangling mind wants to see beauty and calmness after a horrific and terrible journey.
Khan and Thompson were invited in a hut but they were first told to wear their clothes. They were given some clothes.
The clothes are not so small like they show in movies. But it is made of animal’s leather. Thompson even made clips of him wearing them. They were given a primitive hat. Khan and Thompson both looked at each other and said to themselves, “We are the king of the forest.”
Before entering the hut they were presented with dance. The dance contains various poses with bamboos. They exhibited some great acrobatics. Thompson is having a good time. His first video was a hit. Khan just hopes that the neighbors don’t watch this channel otherwise he is done for.
Khan enjoyed the dance and some of the other games that they showed. They were then invited into the hut. Khan and Thompson were presented with food they had never seen before. Thompson said, “Look guys, we are eating the food of Shilon. It’s awesome around here. We will be eating this food that is within the bamboo. A wrapped food in this leaf. Some rare fishes.”
Khan and Thompson found some new desserts here. Khan was eating like he hadn't eaten for days. The traumatic horror of his life made his life so boring, he now realizes. Though he is feeling joyous and jolly.
Khan also knows that, between all these love, support and culture, something dark lies here. 
Thompson has no tension at all. He is having the time of his life here. Khan and Thompson ended their feast. It was dark at that time. Khan could barely see anything when torches were lit. Native Americans told them tigers and snakes can attack at night.
Thompson started shivering after knowing that. Khan isn’t so terrified. He is saying to himself, “Tiger is better than Mrs. Keaton.”
Khan and Thompson were given a different hut. Probably it was shut for some time.
Khan lay down on the floor in spite of the fear of snakes and insects. Thompson lied down in a bed made of bamboo. 
Khan didn’t know when he fell asleep. He wakes up terrified with the scream of Thompson.
Thompson screamed, “Snake, snake, snake! Khan, save me!
Khan got more shocked by the fact that how come he knows his real name.
Khan wakes him up with a knife in his hand. Khan took the knife to Thompson’s throat. “Who are you?”
Thompson replied with a fear of wasting his life, “I am a detective. I was assigned by Wordsmith.”
Khan sighed a bit after hearing, “Wordsmith!”
Khan is still pretty mad about it. “Why did Wordsmith do something without consulting me?’
“Then, what about your channel?” Khan asked.
“It’s fake, Sir.” Replied Thompson.
Khan replied, “Don’t call me Sir. What’s your name?”
Thompson replied, “Its Thompson.”
Khan is disgusted with himself for not being able to differentiate a detective from a YouTuber. That’s the thing about detectives. They can’t figure out who the other detective is.
Khan’s also pondering that he has got himself some real company to solve the mystery of the forest.
Khan asked, “What did Wordsmith tell you to do with me?”
Thompson replied, “Sir told me only to follow you in solving the case. He told me to keep following you in the forest.”
Khan said, “I am not going to investigate for some days. Enjoy the forest with me.”
Thompson said, “Yes, Sir.”
Khan was completely fooled and he is sleeping soundly even after knowing it. Khan woke up with more noises than before. Khan saw people of the tribe going somewhere. Kids came to wake them up. Khan and Thompson went outside, it’s fishing time. 
Sami Khan and Thompson were in a hassle of preparing quickly and got out. They wore their traditional clothes and were given nets to catch fishes. Though Khan knows about this, Thompson was a bit shocked. Two detectives out for fishing. They were the only ones that couldn’t catch any fish. Everyone caught fishes, fishes they had never seen before. The bluish green water was so calming that they bathed and played in the water. Khan has started to forget the creepiness of Mrs. Keaton’s house.
Khan threw some water at Thompson for fooling him. Thompson threw more. Kids joined them and played plenty.
Owkwa laughed from the side of the tent. He is reminiscing about the early days of his life. Tribes’ people were sent to hunt and they left Khan and Thompson as they were useless.
Khan couldn’t care less. They then visited some sacred places of the tribe. Khan respects others beliefs’. Thompson doesn’t do videos anymore. Khan told him to do it again. So he is now doing it again.
Khan and Thompson went to their hut and started playing games with kids. The hunters came back with food. Khan ate the fried fish. Thompson ate some meat. Khan will have to keep moving forward. He has to go far down in the woods, in the forest. He has everything planned but he wants to rest here more.
Khan was deciding what date would be efficient for him to leave as the tribe started their journey for lunch. A rain stopped their journey and they were catching rain in pots, which caught some unknown eyes by Khan and Thompson. Khan has loved their journey.
The evening was filled with horror and traditional stories. The story started by an old woman, “The forest at it deep carries some beasts. Beasts that are unknown. “
Khan became careful, where is this story going? Will it hold a key to his traveling?
The old woman continued, “One child went to the deep forest, the next day his head was found here at our hut.”
Thompson is also finding some rhythm in it.
The old woman continues, “The more you go deep, the lesser your chances are of coming back. Only one man goes there.”
Khan asked, “Who goes there?”
The old woman replied, “A woodcutter. He collects wood. Sometimes he kills a bear and comes with cutting pieces of it in a bag and goes out of the forest.” 
Khan is becoming tense now. He knows a woodcutter named Goldberg.
Khan asked, “Do you know his name?”
The old woman replied, “Yes, his name is Goldberg.”
Khan’s brain was still processing what she said. Goldberg is a woodcutter, Khan knew that. Khan’s visitation to all those houses have finally started working. 
The old woman carried on, “Kids, don’t go near there. There is even a haunted place there. I forgot the name.”
Khan is pondering on the fact that Goldberg comes here. Why does he come here? Not to cut wood, that’s for sure. Khan will have to unveil the truth about Goldberg. 
Khan and Thompson came to their hut. Khan started talking, “Thompson, we will have to start our journey tomorrow. We will have to go deep down in the forest.”
Thompson replied, “Yes, Sir.”
Khan couldn’t sleep that well at night. Khan is circling his diaries. The Woodcutter has to be found deep in the forest.
Khan woke up very early in the morning and so did Thompson. Khan has to take someone who has been into the deep forest. Though Owkwa didn’t but he seems like the perfect fit. Khan has convinced the leader to come with them. Though Owkwa was hesitating, for Wordsmith he seemed like he could do anything.
Khan started saying goodbyes to the kids. It’s making him a bit dreary that he is leaving so early. Khan’s initial plan was to wait for more days here but he can’t seem to do it after knowing the forest has Goldberg too. He is leaving his luggage behind because they will come back here again when they leave.
Khan asked the old woman, “Does Goldberg come here now?”
The old woman said, “He used to go through here but now he doesn’t.”
Khan is questioning himself, “Has he found another way to enter the deeper part of the forest?”
Khan and Thompson were both sad to end their journey. Khan, Thompson and Owkwa started their journey for the woodcutter.
6. The Woodcutter 
Khan held upon a stick to complete the journey. He already has a compass in his hand. Thompson is a bit scared and so is Owkwa. For the first time, Khan is seeing Owkwa this much tensed. Khan is following down the trunks, the woods, the huge coverings around the bushes. Owkwa was leading them. Khan and Thompson walked for some hours but they still didn’t reach their destination.
They sat for some rest. Khan has some food still intact in boxes because of the great treat by Shilon.
Khan saw some bears but they were on the other side of the river. Owkwa, while seated, said, “The place you are going to, it has some horrific stories related to it. People saw beheaded ghosts riding horses there.”
Khan realized false rumors were spread here too by Mrs. Keaton. Khan definitely looked a bit concerned because he still doesn’t know how he will crack the case. Whenever he thinks about it, he gets anxious.
Khan and his crew started walking again. They all have swords or knives in their hand, Khan has a gun. If he gets scared by something, he will just shoot at it.
The crew walked for a long time, the rest of the path isn’t known to Owkwa, so he started putting some signs here and there to return. After a while, they came to a valley. A valley that has death written all over it. Khan can see a massive grave here. Why would a grave be here? Khan and Thompson both became uneasy. Khan asked Owkwa, “Why is a grave here?”
Owkwa replied, “None knows, I myself haven’t come here for a long time.”
Khan made a tent there, he said, “We will have to stay here for some days to know the actual truth.”
Thompson was worried and scared. He doesn’t want to stay here even for a while. Owkwa facilitated making the tent. The tent is only to hide them from the valley. Khan will keep an all-day eye at the grave. He is assuming Goldberg will come here. Khan has already seen some footmarks, probably some blood, but the recent rain has washed up most of it. So it’s difficult for Khan to judge nature. But he is sure that someone visits here often.
Khan was walking with a magnifying glass in his hands while focusing on the foot mark. Khan has seen that the marks are new. Khan is now wandering about in the grave. He is looking for any signs. The grave is huge. Who are these people that lie here?
Khan is observing while Thompson is not even near it. Khan is observing some of the specific graves that seem new to him. After the rain, the newly made grave is much fresher in shade, color and smell. Khan has found the most recent grave. Khan started digging it up with the small shovel.
Thompson and Owkwa are keeping an eye on everything. They will call Khan when there is something suspicious.
Khan is throwing some hard strikes at the grave with the shovel. Khan dug up the upper part and found nothing. What? Why is there nothing? Khan is now digging up the whole grave. Owkwa has come to help him despite Thompson requesting him to not leave him alone. Owkwa is a much better digger than Khan. In quick time, Owkwa dug up the grave. What they saw, they weren’t prepared for that.
A lady, beheaded, in a bloody bluish white dress. The body hasn’t completely rotten yet but the stench is unbearable.
Owkwa was the first to see it and said, “Save us, Lord!”
Khan was frightened to see a corpse with this much blood on the cloth. He has started to talk to Allah after seeing that. Some part of a Surah. Thompson didn’t agree to see it. So they started throwing soil in the grave. They need to complete covering up the grave before someone arrives.
Khan and Owkwa were both shocked at the other 57 graves that indicate that the beheaded body is lying under. Khan has started to think there are serial killers among them. Not just psychos but some serial killers. Or are all of them serial killers? Serial killers possess a different sort of threat. Khan is under a sheet and shivering. Khan will need to go back to Mrs. Keaton’s house soon. He has much yet to jump onto.
Khan has started writing some notes in his diary. Murder of 58 people. Goldberg is related to it. What other case has 58 people related to it?
Khan is remembering the missing cases. The missing cases of 5 were filed in Mrs. Keaton’s house. 5 missing cases and 1 suicide, one death were in the file. Then what other case is this related to it? Obviously, there were missing cases from time to time. But 58? Jenny’s house has one suicide, one missing case. The missing cases were from different places, many from this town and many from others. Khan has some objectives to fill. The safe, the decoration of Mathew’s and Mrs. Keaton’s room all needs further investigation. Khan doesn’t know when he will do that, most importantly how he will do it? Khan is filled with dust now but closes the diary and starts sleeping. Owkwa and Thompson were already asleep. 
 
Khan woke up early in the morning. No sign of anyone. Khan started eating sandwiches that were taken from Harveys. It has started to smell bad but Khan is eating them. Thompson and Owkwa ate the chicken fry and pasta.
Khan has planned to stay here for 3 more days. Khan saw one monkey taking away one of the sandwiches, he didn’t say anything. It’s good as long as they don’t come and raid them.
Owkwa and Thompson are talking about some detective cases. Khan isn’t aware of that. They couldn’t see a single soul as it became dark. Khan fell asleep.
It was midnight, Khan heard some footsteps, and he woke up readily with his camera on. Khan will record whatever happens, it’s an infrared camera and it can capture anything even in dark.
Khan first saw some vague shadows, then the real people came. A masked man, Onelson, Goldberg, Emma, Freya and Harris. Khan can get them on camera. Absolutely clear.
A beheaded woman was being buried there by them. Khan has filmed everyone so they easily get caught.
Another woman is covered with a sack. Emma pulled out the sack and started asking, “Didn’t you call me stupid?”
Emma gave a huge smack at her head.
Khan is filming it. Thompson and Owkwa are observing the film. They are wearing masks. They all gave punches, smacks, spit on her, put fire on some of her organs. The scream can be heard from everywhere. The masked man had a huge machete, he spread out his whole body to behead her. Khan had to stop this. Khan stops filming and saves it and throws a rock on the other side. Everyone noticed it. They started going into that direction except for Goldberg, Onelson and the masked man. Khan put on his own fake beard and goggles. Khan went up to them and gave a huge smack at the masked man’s head. He fainted at the spot. Goldberg took the sword right when Owkwa came and kicked him. Onelson was just standing there until Thompson started carrying the woman to get her to a safe place. Khan had his knife open, the others were coming back.  He shot at Onelson’s leg and started running. Owkwa ran towards his tribe, Khan held the lady’s hands and Thompson; her legs. They ran with her, and within seconds they disappeared into the woods. Khan shoots Onelson so that they don’t hunt the tribe for it because the tribe has no gun at all and they will be of no suspicion.
They don’t know what happened after that. They ran for hours until they reached tribe Shilon. Khan and Thompson rested here and there to come here and took turns with Owkwa to carry the woman. The woman was still unconscious, hours had passed. The tribe provided medical treatment to her. Some ancient remedies Khan and Thompson had never seen. 
Khan and Thompson are resting.
Khan said, “Thompson, I will be going to my house after this. You don’t know me after we leave the forest. You got it.”
Thompson replied, “Yes, Sir. I have never seen you before.”
Khan is focusing on the other people that were not caught today. Only a few came today. And he can get them arrested with this. But what about Mrs. Keaton, Mathew, Langer, Folito, Jonathan Brothers, June and Owen?
Khan is more concerned about Mrs. Keaton. She is the mastermind. If she gets unhurt, this will be a case with no output.
Khan has already recorded the grave and covered all 58 graves while shooting because it may not be there when he later investigates it. Khan will be the main suspect of the wreckage that happened at the grave because he is the one who went missing at Mrs. Keaton’s. If Khan suddenly returns to Mrs. Keaton’s house now, they will obviously suspect him. Khan is thinking about returning to his own house where Mrs. Larry is waiting for him as a dog that barks but bites often.
 
It was dark when the lady woke up. Torches were lit for her awakening. Khan and Thompson sat beside her with masks in everyone’s faces.
The lady asked, “Where am I?”
Khan replied, “You are safe now. We have rescued you. Tell us what happened.”
The lady said, “Emma was my friend. She told me to come near the Harveys. Then I was abducted.”
Khan replied, “Listen, you will stay away from Emma. You need to live in a safer place now. I will talk with the police to set you up in a new apartment. You will have to come to court to give some statements. Will you be able to do so?”
The lady replied, “Yes, but what’s happening?”
Khan showed her the footage. The lady was terrified. Khan somehow calmed her. 
Khan needs to leave today, though there is a slight chance that they may face the psychos while coming out of the forest. But if they spend much time here, they can get detected by the clowns.
Khan thinks he needs to leave in this dark. Khan, Thompson and the lady had planned to leave. Though the lady wasn’t in good condition and her body was burnt at places, Khan still insisted on leaving.
Khan gave all of the Shilons’ people hugs before leaving. They gave Khan huge pleasure after some dreadful events. Khan thanked Owkwa for his great service. He will lead them the way out of the forest. Kids didn’t want Khan to leave. Thompson has taught the kids how to call someone and gave them a phone. The kids have understood it. They were holding onto Khan’s legs. Khan gave them some tickles for them to laugh. Khan, Thompson, The lady and Owkwa all started their journey to the end of the forest.
7. Finally, At Home!
Owkwa led them to the end of the forest. Khan and Thompson brought the lady to a hospital near Khan’s house. She will be treated here for some days. It is far away from the haunted house. So, there isn’t any problem.
Khan has contacted Wordsmith. He has come here to the hospital.
He hugged Khan tightly after arriving.
Wordsmith said, ‘Khan, how are you?”
Khan replied, “Well, at least I came in one piece. Let the lady leave in a new apartment.”
Wordsmith said to Thompson, “Your job is done, son.”
Thompson replied, “Yes, Sir.”
Thompson was emotional to leave Khan. Khan has invited him to his house.
Wordsmith asked, “Khan, have you got anything?”
Khan replied, “I have got footage that needs to be locked in the safe.”
Khan showed Wordsmith the footage. Wordsmith obviously needed some explanation. Khan said, “Visit me in my house. I will tell you there.”
Khan gave Wordsmith the camera and is about to come home. His long wait to coming home has finally come to an end. Mrs. Larry may even collapse seeing Khan.
Khan comes to his own house. He walks past Lee Eun’s room and knocks at his own.
Mrs. Larry’s voice can be heard from outside. She is saying, “Coming.”
Mrs. Larry opens up the door. Khan can see Mrs. Larry hasn’t been well. Her messy hair, dark spots under eyes, a rather gloomy look and her dress suggested that she hadn’t been well.
Khan can see her face lighting up. So Khan asked, “Where is my dog?”
Mrs. Larry started hitting Khan with bare hands. Khan’s taking it all in. He deserves it. He is glad that she is alive. Mrs. Larry hugged him at last after constantly hitting him for a couple of minutes.
Mrs. Larry gave Khan something to eat. Khan has been craving. So he jumped onto the feast. 
Mrs. Larry is obviously curious to know what happened in his journey. She asked Khan, “Where were you? I sent so many letters, why didn’t you reply?”
Khan replied, “Well, I read all of them. I had left the house after some months. So I may have missed some recent letters.”
Mrs. Larry asked, “Where did you go then?”
Khan replied, “A forest trip.”
Mrs. Larry frowned and asked, “You went on a forest trip without even coming here for a single day.”
Khan replied, “The trip was related to the case.”
Mrs. Larry can’t find any connection between them. She is busy with her work now. She is already preparing what she will cook for Khan. After some time, she again appeared before Khan.
“Wordsmith visited me often. He paid your bills,” She said. 
Khan replied, “Yeah, I know.”
Khan finishes his feast and is drinking water now.
Mrs. Larry said, “Lee Eun is getting married.”
Khan spilled the water out of his mouth hearing this. Khan can’t believe it.
Khan asked to confirm, “She is getting married?”
Mrs. Larry said, “Hmm.”
Khan has become a bit frustrated.
Khan replied, “Well, guess we will not go to Hogwarts together then and view ghosts at the same time.”
Khan is focusing on the case now. If he thinks about Lee Eun now, what will happen to the case?
Khan is sleeping now. After coming home, he was to work on the case. But now he just rests and eats. After some moment, Wordsmith visits him.
Khan said, “Hey, Wordsmith! How are you?”
Wordsmith jumps directly to the case, “Give me some explanation of the footage.”
Khan becomes serious now. He said, “We went deep in the forest and found 58 people’s graves. Though I brought footage of that. I don’t know who they are. I dug up a grave and found one beheaded body of a woman. After staying there for a few days, one day, I noticed some people. They were my neighbors along with a masked man. They buried the dead body of a woman and another woman was saved by us. That’s it.”
Wordsmith asked, “So, you have caught half of your neighbors. I think you should close the case now, Khan.”
Khan becomes shocked at this, “What?”
Wordsmith clarifies, “Your life is at stake now. If you return there, it’s a suicide mission. If you visit there now, you will die the first day you arrive.”
Khan said, “Then what about the other neighbors?”
Wordsmith replied, “With the existing clips, we will look for ways to catch the others.”
Khan replied, “No, Wordsmith. I am not going to go down with some speculation. What happens if we can’t catch them? The mastermind is still not caught.”
Wordsmith can see Khan is determined. So, there is no point in trying to convince him.
Wordsmith asked, “Then what about the forest?”
Khan replied, “I don’t know. If you investigate the forest now, you will blow our covers. If you don’t investigate now, the graves may be lit to fire, or absolutely gone.”
Wordsmith said, “What will be your suggestion?”
Khan said, “Let the forest be. I have got footage. I need to take on the rest of the neighbors. Otherwise, my efforts for months will be in vain.”
Wordsmith isn’t saying anymore now. He is also thinking like Khan. Khan still hasn’t figured out any way to catch the others. 
Khan said to Wordsmith, “Wordsmith, I think somehow the two houses are connected. Jenny’s and Keaton’s. I can catch them but what about Jenny’s house?”
Wordsmith replied, “I seriously don’t know.”
Khan is more at trouble now. So many culprits to catch. 
Wordsmith said, “Call me if you are planning to leave again.”
Khan nodded indicating yes.
Khan slept the whole night peacefully. The next day he woke up and saw Thompson was in front of him.
Khan said, “Thompson, how are you?”
Thompson replied, “I am fine. What about you?”
Khan said, “I am sleeping only.”
Thompson asked, “Is there anything I can help you with?”
Khan replied, “You are sounding just like that day on the bench when you inquired with me about the house. No, actually yes. How about you get a list of the people who live at the house from where Jenny committed suicide?”
Thompson asked, “That’s it, Sir?”
Khan replied, “Yes, if you are done. Keep the file with yourself. I will contact you when I need it.”
Thompson said, “Alright, Sir.”
Mrs. Larry made breakfast for both. So Khan and Thompson started eating. 
Mrs. Larry stared at them the whole time they ate. Mrs. Larry loves to see people eat.
Thompson had nothing much to do in the house. So, he left early. Khan is staring through his oval shaped window with Mrs. Larry standing beside.
Khan is contemplating rapidly, what to do and what not to do?
Khan can see a bird flying through the window. One day, Khan wants Kate and Jenny to be this free.  Not only Kate but maybe around 60 people need to be free from the horrific and tragic journey they had faced.
Mrs. Larry watches Television and sometimes asks Khan about this and that. Khan wonders what she does when he is not home. Khan feels sad for his poor grandmother.
Khan has been observing his own room for days now. The day Khan came to his own room, it was so neat, even the edges of all the wood pieces were so clean. Khan doesn’t become emotional that much. But he cried a lot in his room seeing it was so neat and clean. Mrs. Larry came here each day to clean. Khan used his swirling eyes and couldn’t find any dust. Only after Khan arrives, the room has turned into a mess. Khan is in front of the awards he had achieved in high school. He had enough qualities to become a mechanical engineer but Khan chose this because he loves it. Khan’s overpowered abilities in staying focused and extreme detection with gut belief was suitable with the position of detective. People from different countries came to Khan to solve their problems. Some were even horrifying but Khan solved them in minutes. Why won’t Khan take on a role he is the best at? He is a famous detective and has solved mysteries. Some were unsolvable. Will this case also go as an unsolved one? Khan often thinks about his parents. His parents were such a happy couple. Khan used to talk so much when he was a kid. Later experiences made Khan realize that blabbering too much only causes the brain to be more dull, inactive and underperforming. So does smoking, alcohol and all sorts of unproductive products. Khan needs to be a different human. He doesn’t only need to solve this case but has to solve all cases. Khan will have some mysteries unsolved, Khan knows it. But he doesn’t want this to be it. Khan has seen so many crimes in the span of 2 months, if this one goes unsolved, Khan won’t be able to answer God for not freeing Kate and Jenny. Two innocent girls at a young age experienced it along with a woman? When a full-grown experienced detective who doesn’t even believe in ghosts is having a very difficult time. Khan in most of his detection and leisure time thinks about what will happen if he can’t solve it rather than focusing on the case itself. Because the fear of losing to criminals, crimes and lawlessness is what makes someone a great detective. Khan believes it. Most importantly, this is how Khan is built. He has always thought about the criminals escaping the laws and punishments which has made Khan more determined. Khan sees Mrs. Larry cleaning the house. Khan goes and takes the machine and starts cleaning himself. Khan hasn’t helped Mrs. Larry for years. Khan went undercover or in disguise or even busy to the point that he didn’t spit out a single word. After his parents’ death, his grandmother saw him become quieter every day. His grandmother wasn’t that talkative either. But for Khan she became the most talkative person. She read him stories, prepared food every single day. Used to talk all the time but Khan never ever stopped her. Even in the most thrilling and exclusive part of the detection Khan listened to her. That’s the least he can do. Khan promises after solving or even if the case goes unsolved, Khan will go visit Bali, Indonesia. Khan knows her grandmother also wants to visit her roots which is Bangladesh. Khan will first visit Bangladesh, especially Cox’s Bazar. Then they will take a plane to Bali, Indonesia. Both these places are hugely popular. Khan wants to visit both of them and they have history with this case. Khan is now in Bangladesh as per reports. If he solves the case, he must have to go there. Khan has had some nightmares all around the month. He might need to go to a psychiatrist after all these too. Khan looks around the house. The house is beautifully decorated. Mrs. Larry has made some changes. Khan always noticed that her grandmother keeps changing things in the house. Khan has shirts that are over 10 years in age. Khan still wears them. Only when Mrs. Larry brings clothes for him, then he wears them. He is never seen in clothes shopping. Shoes, watches, all he has used for over 10 years. The last watch was gifted by Mrs. Larry 2 years ago. Khan loves it so much, he wears it only on his special days. His special days are little too. His parents’ birthdays, Mrs. Larry’s marriage anniversary, her birthday, Khan’s birthday. That’s it. Khan used to go to Lee Eun’s birthdays with suits to impress her.
Khan said to himself, “What impress?” Because all of his efforts have gone down the drain as he is never home and Eun has got herself a boyfriend. “How cool!”
Khan knows this is for the best. A man who is never home, doesn’t know how to communicate with people, a detective whose life is at stake all the time. Even if they were bonded, Eun would have become old only waiting for him. Then what’s the point?
Khan knows detectives can’t have close ones. Mrs. Larry can be targeted if things go south. Khan doesn’t care about the case if Mrs. Larry is attacked. She is the first priority but Khan is so bad at appreciating it that most times he just avoids her. Khan knows he inherited it from her. Obviously God has set it all up. And Khan is grateful for having her. Khan finishes cleaning the whole house. Khan can see Mrs. Larry is up on the moon just because he has pushed the vacuum cleaner here and there.
Khan recited one of his own poem:
An evocative meadow appealed
So does the dune
Thy adored, thy loved
I followed such tune
 
 Leaped a step
Rain to fall
Came across
Covered in little pall
 
 Calm the heart
To the river
Thy came
Fell apart
 
When you’re gone
So will rain
God bless you
Be in heaven.
 
Khan wrote this poem for Mrs. Larry. He had given this in her birthday. Mrs. Larry cried for 3 weeks just touching this page. Khan can still smell her scent in it which means she still reads it pretty often.
Lee Eun was at the door. Khan put on a beard and mustache and long hair. Lee Eun has come with his boyfriend.
Lee Eun pointed to Khan and said to weasel-alike boyfriend, “This is the famous S. Khan.”
Her boyfriend became over friendly and shook his hands way harder than he should have. 
He started to say, “My name is James. I am a huge fan of you, Sir. I have followed all your cases. You might be the biggest asset of our country.”
This might have sounded rather rude to Khan. 
 “I am. I am,” He replied in spite of saying “I might.”
Her boyfriend talked way too much. Khan doesn’t talk to his enemies that much if he is not playing roles or having a conversation with the criminal.
Lee Eun looks very happy with him. People just love talkative idiots these days. Some are good like Thompson. But some are equally irritating. Some are “lovely talkative” like Mrs. Larry.
Khan is just happy that Lee Eun is happy. Lee Eun cuddles into James sometimes. Khan, as a loser, sees that and laughs with them. How idiotic!
How long will he have to tolerate them?
Mrs. Larry dropped the bomb by saying, “Let’s have dinner together.”
The detailed description of Khan’s case is spitted out by James. The amount of details James knows, looks like the news tomorrow will be “Khan returned to his house.” Khan is not bothered by it. It makes him less suspicious to be involved with Kate’s case.
Lee Eun said, “Speaking of dinner, let me make stew.”
Khan’s eyes became shiny and said to his brain, “Yeah, stew is coming. Bring me some delicious stew.”
Khan loves Lee Eun’s homemade stew. It’s delicious to him. He ate it with love. He is fond of it. 
After much chats, eating and disturbing, Eun and James leaves them. Khan has now realized that he has to go now to the case. Too much gap in the case may lead it to a hazardous position. Khan is yet to say it to Mrs. Larry. Khan is guessing Mrs. Larry already realized Khan has to go. 
 Khan will say it tomorrow. He has gone to sleep.
Khan woke up with news of him on television “The huge protagonist of the country has returned home. He was seen in great condition as per reports from his closest friend, James.”
Khan asked himself, “When did he become my closest friend?
Khan was having his breakfast when he said, “I will leave tomorrow.”
Mrs. Larry stopped talking after that. Khan knows it’s been really difficult for her. Khan saw that she became inattentive to the fact and started cleaning plates and bowls.
Khan will go to Thompson’s house now. Khan’s work has officially started today.
Khan was mesmerized by Thompson’s house. A huge house, luxurious pool, fancy cars, he has got everything. Khan can see his little puppy running around.
Khan was greeted with due respect by Thompson. Khan can’t believe this rich kid spent days in the forest, got almost killed, carried and saved a woman’s life. He is much more competent than he looks. Though a bit afraid of dark and horror, which Khan himself is afraid of. Khan went to sit on the exuberant sofa in front of him. Thompson asked, “Are you here for the details of that house’s neighbors, Sir?
Khan replied, “No, no, I am not here for that. But how is the progress?”
Thompson replied, “I am still working on it.”
Khan said, “Look after Mrs. Larry when I am gone.”
Thompson replied, “Yes, Sir, I will.”
Khan felt a bit relieved. Khan swam a bit in the pool under the scorching sun. Khan and Thompson had a luxurious dinner. Thompson had recorded everything in the forest. 
Thompson was eating abounding food but said, “I still can’t forget about the food we ate provided by Shilon.”
Khan replied, “Yes, indeed.”
Khan also had a nice time there. Khan had a nice time in his home too. Now it is time for him to go to the crime scene. No more wandering around.
Khan knows he will die. He said to Thompson, “You know I have a 99% chance of dying there if I go again.”
Thompson replied, “I will count on that 1%, Sir.”
Khan felt courageous hearing that. Khan told him, “Thompson, if I die, you will be the witness in the court for the ones we have footage of.”
Thompson replied, “Definitely, Sir.”
Khan said, “You will have to take care of Mrs. Larry if I am dead.”
Thompson replied, “Sir, don’t worry. I am a man of words.”
Khan will visit Wordsmith today too. Khan has come today with a fake beard and hair. Wordsmith’s lovely wife opened the door. She is pregnant.
Wordsmith’s one daughter is biting his other daughter. Wordsmith is running around them. They all stopped when Khan entered. Tall, long beard, slim, long hair, the daughters probably haven’t seen anything like this. One said, “Daddy, it’s the detective from the TV.”
Khan spun his eyes across the house. Khan can easily grasp the family is happy as their conversation goes on. One of the daughters starts pulling Khan’s fake beard, it almost came off. Khan is now carrying her in his hands. Khan asked, “What’s your name?”
She said, “My name is Emily, her name is Margaret. My mom’s name is Kendall. Daddy is Wordsmith. What’s your name?
Khan almost said, “Mi…..” then realized he was Khan and said, “Sami Khan.”
Margaret was one that was being bitten. Emily is the dynamite of the house; Khan realized. So he has taken the dynamite in his hand.
Khan played with them. Wordsmith brought coffee for him. Emily is probably resting. She wasn’t happy at Khan’s visit. Khan understands she is pregnant and having many problems. So it’s not totally out of context for her not to be happy. Khan knows about the anxiety and depression a mother goes through when she is pregnant and after pregnancy. Mrs. Larry told him about these for a better understanding of the world.
Khan took the coffee and went inside with Wordsmith to have a few words.
Khan said, “I will be leaving tomorrow.”
Wordsmith said, “You are one stubborn man.”
Khan said, “I may return dead or go missing. Take care of Mrs. Larry for me.”
Wordsmith replied, “I promise, I will.”
Khan doesn’t know in which hope he is visiting that house again. What horrific and creepy things lie ahead? Khan doesn’t know. Khan can only think of some of them. The crawling creature that creepily walks in the house, the ghost that laid hands on him, the scratcher, the one that swings from branches to branches. “Oh, that’s probably Stacey. Isn’t she an athlete?” Khan replied to his conscious mind. 
Emily asked Khan, “Uncle Khan, why are you tall?”
Khan replied, “I swing around from branches to branches. That’s how I became tall.”
Emily asked, “Uncle why is another baby coming?”
Khan replied, “So that you can bite him or her.”
Emily’s eyes shined a bit. She suddenly feels jolly. 
Emily asked, “Uncle why does Margaret shout when I bite her?
Khan replied, “Because it hurts.”
Emily thought a bit and then went to bite Margaret again. Margaret was crying. Khan gave her some chocolates to not cry. Khan loved the daughters.
Khan has seen the curiosity of kids goes beyond anyone’s imagination whereas when people grow up they start questioning things that are irrelevant, unnecessary and uninventive. Khan has observed each and every sorts of people to have a better understanding of the criminals and realize there are way too diversity among people’s initial thought process and paradigm. Khan, on the hand, has tried to observe and interconnect all behavioral pattern. 
Khan has come home. He is having dinner. Egg stew. Khan hasn’t opened much of his luggage. Just took a toothbrush and some clothes. He will shave his head and beard in the morning, though little has grown.
Khan has mountains in his head as he is waiting for the next day. What tragedy is he going to face? Khan is scared of getting shocks, the ghost is now acceptable but massive shocks one after another has made his heart feeble. 
Khan sees Mrs. Larry is in her bed but not sleeping. She is tensed. She doesn’t know anything about what happened with Khan. If she comes to know about it, she will go absolutely crazy about this and won’t permit Khan to go there again.
Khan fell asleep. The night was rather short. Khan woke up early in the morning. 
8. Returning to Horror
 Khan has ended up packing his luggage which was pretty easy as nothing much was taken out of it. Thompson, Wordsmith, Eun and Mrs. Larry all are at the scene. Looks like it is Khan’s funeral. Khan gave everyone his goodbye. Khan hopes he gets to see their faces again while he is alive. Mrs. Larry was crying but Khan had to leave.
Khan left with no beard and a shiny bald just like before. Khan has planned to visit Mrs. Keaton first. Mrs. Keaton will be the most furious for the leave. Khan arrived in front of the house much wiser than before.
Khan knocked the door of Mrs. Keaton’s. Mrs. Keaton opened the door. 
Khan said, “Mrs. Keaton, I am so sorry! My grandfather became so sick. I had to go to him. You won’t believe what happened to him.”
Mrs. Keaton replied, “People who leave this house again come back. They cannot leave this place behind.”
Khan said to himself, “More like you don’t let them leave.”
Mrs. Keaton said, “You paid the bill and didn’t stay here, Do you want me not to charge for those months?”
Khan replied, “Absolutely not. I am sorry, Mrs. Keaton. I hope you don’t mind.”
Mrs. Keaton replied, “I didn’t mind. Go to your room. I will send a cleaner soon.”
Khan replied, “No need. I can clean my own room.”
Mrs. Keaton said, “Alright, then.”
Khan went up to his room. Khan had opened the door and was not prepared to see them.
Three heads are on his desk.  Khan went nuts seeing this. Khan can’t think. How will he cover this up? What if they are setting up Khan as a murderer? What if they have called the police already? Or are they playing with him? 
Khan can’t think straight. Khan took a bag and put all the heads in it. Now what? Should he give them to Wordsmith? But he can’t go to Maceys with this. He can’t go outside. The smell is so unbearable that he can’t go outside with it. What if a neighbor visits him now?
 Khan is saying to himself, “Think, think, Sami! Think! Think!”
He started slapping and hitting himself as he couldn't find a way. Khan has taken the heads in his luggage with multiple bags covering it. He is heading to the police custody with the heads and Khan couldn’t found Wordsmith there as he may be in Maceys. Khan waited for 1 hour and saw Wordsmith coming. He ran towards him with gasps of air to fill and told him “There are 3 heads inside this bag.”
Wordsmith took some time to realize that these are heads that have been chopped down from the neck. 
Wordsmith told Khan, “Don’t worry, I will take care of this.”
Khan said, “Take some pictures first if you are planning to bury it.”
Wordsmith is also tensed. He will bury the news because the undercover is more necessary and it should remain a secret.
Khan can’t believe these people’s mental instability. How can someone be this cruel?
Khan had just arrived and saw this. He doesn't know what he will see next. Each time, Khan was presented with different tricks to scare him. And they have succeeded every time. Except for the Bee Woman. Khan needs to visit her to see what her state is. This is because it is strictly written in the diary that visitation is needed there. Khan first goes to buy some luggage, He gave away that luggage because he won’t be using that luggage anymore after all that chaos and everything. There wasn’t blood but Khan realized the heads were there for weeks. They are probably now laughing that they scared the hell out of Khan. They are probably thinking he buried the heads. Did they follow him?
Khan doesn’t know. But when someone follows Khan, he can easily catch that “someone”.
Khan has brought a new luggage. He carried the luggage with him to his room. Now, he doesn’t know what he will do with the desk. Will he use it again or absolutely not? Even he doesn’t know.
Khan is cleaning his table. His arrival was greatly welcomed by his neighbors. Khan took some time. He will now go to room number 7.
Jane (Room Number 7)
Khan is eager to know about “The Bee Woman.” Khan rang the bell. A woman in her 30s opened her door. 
Seeing Khan, the woman was enraged, her eyes fuelled with anger, wanting to kill Khan at the spot. Khan can’t see the sting marks, obviously many days have passed. So it’s not absolutely impossible.
The woman pretended that she loved the arrival of Khan. 
She said, “I heard you visited everyone except me, which hurt me a little bit. Why am I being visited so late?”
Khan replied, “Oh, I am so sorry. I had some urgent work to do, so I left the house without notice. If my grandfather didn’t become ill, I would have definitely visited you.”
The woman said, “My name is Jane.”
Khan replied, “My name is Milton. It’s nice meeting you.”
The woman told her to come inside. 
The room has all sorts of scientific equipment, some chemical glasses, gloves, goggles. In some chemical jars, some species are being preserved, obviously died many years ago. Khan can see, the woman is a scientist.
Khan, being baffled, asked her, “Are you a scientist?”
The woman said, “I am.”
Khan said, “Wonderful. It’s like I have come to not only biology’s practical class but also chemistry’s practical class.”
The woman replied, “Thank you very much.”
Khan asked, “Which institute are you working for?”
The woman said, “Nijel Institute.”
Khan replied, “Wow, that’s awesome.”
The woman replied, “Thank you.”
Khan in his mind is thinking there are so many psychopaths in every profession. “It’s scary”, Khan tells himself.
Khan was done talking with her. The room fills the air with the stench of nitrogen, ammonia, and sulfur. These are reeking off so much that one can barely stay without a mask.
Khan was being asked to take a mask but Khan didn’t. He bade a goodbye to her. After careful observation Khan has noticed that the serial killers have one thing in common, they just kill for fun but for no reasons. Many people who has lost their parents at early stage, was tortured, had broken family, and had family issues have achieved great humanity. But these people get less punishment in the court due to drugs, mental illness and repentance. How can people like them get away with lifetime imprisonment? Khan will beg at the court to execute by hanging. Khan has finished observing the criminals of the 16 floors combined. These people get away with smiles in front of the bereaved family. Khan won’t let that happen.
Khan has returned to his home, no horror this time around. He is lying on his bed. He needs to check on a few things again. Is the safe still at Folitos’? How is Mathew doing? A brief search in Mrs. Keaton’s house.
Khan is looking at his table where there were 3 heads earlier today. Khan has observed everyone’s instinct and behavioral pattern. He is well aware of what is wanted by whom. Khan thinks the scare they want to give is for continuous fun, the killings they do is for regular fun and the burial they did is to bury their sins. Khan’s massive visitation and revision and trip to forest have all come to help as the bodies of the dead can be found now if not changed.
Khan is assuming that they skipped the description of the attack in grave to Mrs. Keaton. The neighbors didn’t tell Mrs. Keaton. It’s what Khan is assuming. Maybe the plan of sending heads here is not a plan by Mrs. Keaton at all. Maybe the masked man, Onelson, Goldberg, Emma, Freya and Harris sent them as gifts.
Khan has come to visit Folito. The edge of the safe can still be seen. Khan is wondering what lies inside. But the code? Khan told Folito to bring him a cup of coffee. As soon as he left, Khan went under and took a look at that. It’s a 9 letters’ password. How can Khan solve this? Khan doesn’t know any words that have 9 letters. Khan went up and stayed in his given chair. Khan is saying to his brain, “Brain, can a word be as long as 9 letters?” 
Khan’s brain answered, “No, there aren’t any.”
Khan is lost of words as he takes sips from the cup. Khan is not so hygienic so he drank almost 30 cups of coffee made by psychos with hands they didn't wash even after having blood on their hands.
Khan suddenly remembered he has yet to know the masked man. The masked man was about the same height as Folito. Khan, when he first saw the masked man, he assumed it was Folito. But Khan has nothing to prove it’s Folito. So he has to work his way up to prove that it was Folito. 
Khan is now visiting Mathew. A person who was not at the scene of the burial. Khan’s years of experience always made this statement, “A person who has recently known something and is trying to hide it, either overreacts or doesn’t act at all/ becomes mild.” In short, he does things out of the character. But Khan upon observing Mathew has confirmed he doesn’t know anything about the burial case.
Khan is now playing a drama in his head. The drama goes like this.
After Khan, Owkwa and Thompson ran away from the field, the masked man said, “Don’t fear. Everyone calm down.”
The hot-headed Emma said, “What do you mean, calm down? What are we going to do about this?”
The technical Goldberg said, “Let’s not tell anyone about this.”
The loyal but young Freya asked, “Even Mrs. Keaton?”
The overprotective Onelson said, “Not only her but rest of our crew.”
Khan is assuming that if Mrs. Keaton comes to know this, they will be split in half. Another thing played in Khan’s mind.
Why were three heads sent to Khan's room? It’s suggested to Khan, Owkwa and Thompson. Are they doubting Khan for this massacre?
Khan shivers in front of Mathew.
Mathew asked, “Are you feeling cold?”
Khan replied, “No, your coffee is so good. I am enjoying it.”
Mathew is probably saying that who shivers while enjoying something? Perhaps he is a psycho like us.
Suddenly Mathew said, “Thanksgiving is coming soon.”
Khan replied, “What do you do at thanksgiving?”
Mathew replied, “You don’t know about it yet.”
Khan replied, “Wait, is there any tradition?”
Mathew replied, “There is. Well, not that big. We party at Mrs. Keaton’s house. You know after eating and reading congratulatory letters for each other.”
Khan replied, “Yeah, man! That’s what thanksgiving is all about. Lovely, is it coming on November 24th?”
Mathew replied, “It does.”
Khan is saying to himself, “That will be a great chance for me to search Mrs. Keaton’s house. Well, wait, does that mean I will be scared again by Jenny’s neighbors?”
 Khan’s neurons are creating massive electric fields now for overthinking.
“Alright, Mathew,” Khan said, “It’s always so nice talking with you.”
Mathew replied, “It is. It sure is.”
Khan has come to his own room. 
So, thanksgiving is coming. He needs to think about the plan. Mrs. Keaton’s bedroom may need extra attention. Khan can’t see it even after the room is smaller than the rest.
Khan has fallen asleep. He woke up in various stops with nightmares disturbing his whole night.
Khan woke up late in the morning. It’s a week until Thanksgiving. Khan is writing some points down in his diary.
Khan is planning to write thank you notes for everyone, First Mrs. Keaton: 
I was not aware of beauty until I met Mrs. Keaton. Beautiful she is; in and out. I didn’t stay for some months and she asked if I wanted not to charge myself for that. She took care of me when I collapsed. I feel like I was dropped in a garden of heaven upon arriving here. 
 
Khan wrote these small notes for everyone. He will send them one and read in front of them one. But an idea split all of it when it came to him. Khan has been thinking about putting one head in Mrs. Keaton’s house. For this he needs some ideas. Like how to put one head in her house. Even if he sends one into her house, the first thing she will do is doubt Khan for it. Or what if she doesn’t know about the heads and only 5 neighbors know about it.
Khan has to take the risk at this point as he didn’t make any progress up until now.
Khan is writing in his diary. He is thinking about sending it through someone’s room. He will have to be cleverer than this. Khan can’t think of a way. How about on Thanksgiving Day? But how will Khan place the head in her bed? How about when everyone leaves? Khan may get a chance to sneak in her bed and drop the head but the stench will make it an impossible task. Khan has seen the keys several times on a hanger in Mrs. Keaton’s room. Can he take one of the keys to execute the plan? 
Khan hasn’t found a way yet to place the head in her room or bed. Khan needs to contact Wordsmith, otherwise he would bury them. Khan has gone out to Maceys in search of Wordsmith.
Khan arrived at Maceys with the hope of finding Wordsmith. He can see him having a cup of coffee.
Khan went running to him, “Wordsmith, I need one of the heads.”
Wordsmith became really surprised at Khan.
Wordsmith whispered, “One of the heads? Am I hearing it right?
Khan replied, “Come on, you heard me loud and clear? Listen you need to come at Maceys at every lunch, I don’t know when I will need you.”
Wordsmith said, “Is using a phone still dangerous?”
Khan replied, “I don’t know if I am being recorded or is there a camera in my room still.”
Wordsmith replied, “What about your diary?”
Khan replied, “I always have it with me. When I am sleeping I lock it in a door.”
Wordsmith replied, “Where is the key then?”
Khan replied, “I taped it with scotch under a table of Harveys.”
Wordsmith, becoming astonished, asked, “What?”
Khan replied, “Yup.”
Wordsmith asked, “Where do you want me to come with a head?”
Khan replied, “Come in a police car in front of the local dustbin area.”
Wordsmith replied, “How will you take it?”
Khan replied, “Bring my luggage and pack it with many bags. And put a massive fragrance in the bag. The rest of the job is mine.”
Wordsmith replied, “Alright.”
Khan said, “I am just glad, you haven’t buried them yet.”
Wordsmith replied, “They are in my garage, I will put them in some chemicals.”
Khan replied, “Nice.”
Wordsmith and Khan both can’t believe they are talking about heads of bodies so casually. Wordsmith is happy as long as it’s not Khan’s head. Khan is happy that this head may lead to 57 other. So they are both fine about the heads.
Khan is thinking about what he should do as he arrives home. Khan has finally captured an idea. How about throwing the party in my room? His room isn’t that small. He also genuinely wants to thank everyone for all the thrillers they gave him.
Khan needs Thompson now. Probably Thompson can barge into Mrs. Keaton’s house or maybe use keys to get in. Khan thinks this is the only solution. Khan can’t find any other solution. Who knows what plans others are holding? 
Khan has found some huge work to do ahead. Khan took the taxi to Thompson’s.
Thompson said, “What are you doing here, Sir?”
Khan replied, “I need you to do some perilous jobs.”
Thompson unsteadied a bit after hearing that. 
Thompson said, “What job, Sir?”
Khan replied, “I need you to send a head in room number 9 on Thanksgiving Day.”
Thompson didn’t quite understand it. 
Khan started elaborating, “The day I arrived I found 3 heads in my room. I sent them to Wordsmith after. Now, a plan has been lingering through my mind. I want to send a head to Mrs. Keaton’s room. The key will be stolen by me or I will try to make a replica of it. If I get the key, I will make an excuse and come to the street with the key. You should have a disguise. You will enter the room and place the head in the middle where she can easily see it. Now, the most important part, don’t forget to search her room thoroughly, and place a camera in front of the head but hide it with something, if you hear any noise of someone coming, take a risk and run from the front door. ”
Thompson revised for some time what Khan said. At last, he said, “Yes, I have got it.”
Khan is revising what he said. How will he get the key? Khan is thinking she will have it in her bag. How about Thompson barge in?
Khan said, “Try to barge in, I don’t think I will be able to take the keys. I will take all the neighbors in my room on Thanksgiving Day. You will barge in around 7pm and that’s it.”
Thompson was fearing a bit but agreed to do it anyway.
Khan’s plan is ready. It just needs clear execution. Khan told Wordsmith to send the head to Thompson. Khan is checking his clothes if he has any chip or recorders attached with him. He does this every day to be sure that none is hearing what he says or does.
9. Thanksgiving Day
 Khan has sent an invitation letter to all rooms for coming to his Thanksgiving party. The space is congested but livable for that many neighbors. Khan has got ready. Some of his neighbors visited him to confirm if he was actually throwing a party. Khan told in his invitation that he was grateful and wanted to throw a very cool party. 
At last the day arrived. His neighbors started coming into his room, one by one. Khan was very happy to see them. Mrs. Keaton came here with some cakes and others came with different sorts of foods. Khan was roasting Turkey. Others started helping him after arriving.
Khan read the thank you note he had written. Khan has bought gifts for everyone. He gave them one by one. Mrs. Keaton will get two gifts; one here and another by Thompson. Some of them are already drunk. Others are reading each other’s letters. Khan’s house is a total mess. Khan is having anxiety about what is happening with Thompson. Khan is barely breathing.
Khan is asked to play cards. Khan has never lost a card game. Within the split of seconds Khan can guess what is inside someone’s hand. Khan has again won the game.
Khan was up in a chair and was fixing some decorations for 30 minutes as an act but when a big sound came from downstairs, in a split of seconds, Khan heavily fell on the ground to hide that noise. Khan pretended to lose consciousness while Thompson barged in to do some damage. They were worried about Khan but Khan gained consciousness after some minutes.
Thompson is in the room. He has found the middle of the house. He placed the head there. The stench was so much so Thompson hurried on to search the place. But he didn’t forget to place a camera at the table, hiding it very carefully with some mats. Thompson searched the room upside down but couldn’t find anything. Thompson was about to leave when he realized that the bed has a small drawer with it. He pulled out the drawer and found a picture. Thompson took a picture of the photo and that’s it. He then ran away.
Thanksgiving was awesome for Khan as he thought that his mission was successful. He laughed, danced, and sang with them. 
The party ended after Khan had enough of it and they left one by one. Now is the real time. Khan ran through the stairs and hid around a bush. He will follow Mrs. Keaton because he knows Mrs. Keaton will try to hide it.
Mrs. Keaton came down with some shock with a bag, she took a cab and started her journey.
Khan started following her at night. Thompson entered again to get the camera out of her room.
It left the town and reached another. Khan doesn’t know if she is just going to bury it down or she is taking it somewhere.
It came to an old house, much distant from the town, in a village.
Mrs. Keaton went up, Khan started recording, Khan went up too but Khan doesn’t know how he will enter. Khan records from the windows. Khan can see she went downstairs. Khan needs to get in. Khan has recorded that she had taken the head out of the bag and took it in a jar and went downstairs. 
Mrs. Keaton left. Khan stayed at Thompson’s house. The next morning, Khan arrived at Mrs. Keaton’s house.
Khan’s plan was to get to the house where heads are kept. This was his only mission.
The house is near Klotter Street, an abandoned old house, rumored to be haunted.
Khan has found that all the houses that are thought to be haunted are being used to bury crimes or do more of them.
Khan is feeling successful. Mrs. Keaton will probably call a conference at her room for this. But Khan has taken the camera out by Thompson, so she isn’t going to see it. Khan did this to avoid suspicion and also to get the recording. If a camera is found there, Khan is done for the day.
Khan will be targeted now. Maybe killed. Khan doesn’t know what he will do to stop it. Khan took the key from the table in Harveys and burnt the whole diary down, his most favorite one, but this diary, if found, Khan is done. This case needs subtle actions. No mistakes can be made from here on.
Khan has enough evidence for Mrs. Keaton, Onelson, Goldberg, Emma, Freya, Stacey, Harris to get arrested. But some names are missing too. Khan revises them without the diary Mathew, Owen, June, Folito, Langer and Jonathan Brothers.
The burglary at Mrs. Keaton and Khan’s surprising invitation can be easily interconnected. Khan has found a connection between the heads and Jane. The scientists made a way to collect heads. They are being preserved but for what? As medals probably. Or maybe this is the death they want people to suffer with. Probably they find pleasure in it. They should have just buried the heads too. But they collected it. Why? Probably they want to avoid suspicion of who was killed. Because if a body is found, it will be investigated greatly but one without a head, who will know whose head is whose? Khan is thinking all in his head because the diary is gone. Even if the bodies are found, how will they have any connection with the house? Khan has found another thing. Were the suicides deliberate to indicate that there is something further wrong going down here? Because, they will be killed at some point anyways, or maybe Kate and Jenny found that the house is not haunted at all. But found somehow about the heads or crimes which led them to suicide to at least have suspicion of the house by other people. Khan is not leaving any of the options out of the equation. Khan thinks the psychopaths started scaring people lately to have more fun and then kill them probably and hide their heads. The scaring has caused them some problems as scientific people like Khan, Kate and Jenny have all found out the greater crimes they have committed under. Does that mean Kate and Jenny left the world to give some clues for Khan? Were they actually suicide? Many speculations have arrived at Khan’s head. Then why didn’t Kate and Jenny decided to go to the police. Or did they? But who stopped them after that?
Khan is yet to get all the answers that are needed. He arrived at Thompson’s house. Thompson gave him a photo. A photo of Mrs. Keaton with another lady in front of a restaurant called “Living Life”. Who is she?
Khan has contacted the US intelligence team to find details about her. 
Khan came to his own room. Who knows when he will be killed? Probably today. Khan still can’t get why he hasn’t been killed already. Because even a psychopath would kill him after what he did let alone normal people. Khan thinks 6 neighbors have suspicion over him, or they just sent random heads to him without any suspicion. But after today’s incident they will definitely doubt him.
Khan needs to know about the woman in this picture. Because 6 are busy covering up the forest incident. The mastermind got a big scare last night. Now is the perfect time for Khan to step up.
Khan has got the details of the woman. That woman was the owner of Jenny’s house. Her name is Daisy. What? Daisy was the owner of that house and is missing. She is the one that went missing in that house? That doesn’t make any sense. But Khan has found connection between the owners. But that owner has died or is missing. That means the control is with Mrs. Keaton. Khan can present this information to increase Mrs. Keaton’s punishment but what about the neighbors of Jenny’s and Daisy’s house?
Khan is still to get his hands on his own 7 neighbors. Khan thinks Mrs. Keaton has called all the neighbors. He doesn’t know if she will learn about the forest incident. Khan has made a replica of Folito’s key after observing for many days and observing Mrs. Keaton’s.
Khan has a gut belief Folito is not home. Khan has put on his mask. Will Khan sneak in? Khan has been thinking about it lately. Khan rings the bell at Folito’s. None came to the door. Khan waited for a few minutes. None came to open the door. Khan slowly picked up the key and entered the room slowly. Khan has observed this room in search of a camera but couldn’t find any. Khan went up to the safe. The only thing Khan has come up with after thinking for more than 40 hours is that the code is NEIGHBORS, that’s a 9 letter word, and Khan thinks he is right. Khan is filming everything. 
Khan pressed N, E, I, G, H, B, O, R, S. The safe is open. Khan is seeing a mask and a pen drive. The masked man is Folito. Khan has successfully caught 7 neighbors. And there is a pen drive. Khan takes the pen drive but what will he do if the safe is checked and the pen drive is not there? Khan can’t think a way out of it. Khan will have to come to the house again. No way! Khan closes the safe.
Khan will not come to replace the pen drive. After much thinking, Khan has decided not to.
Khan has come to Thompson’s house with the pen drive. They have opened the file in the pen drive. Khan opened the file. The file has a video. Khan opens it. It’s Daisy. Daisy is holding a banner that says “Ethan  , Mathew 4  , ”. What is this? Khan is baffled. 
Khan has decided that he will not go to that house until he encrypts this code. To just get the code “Neighbors,” Khan thought for 40 hours whether it would be right or wrong. Now another code. Khan is saying to himself, “Give me a break.”
Khan knows it has something to do with Mathew. But what about not burning this pen drive? They can get rid of the evidence that way. Or wait? They haven’t seen the files themselves. Because it is password protected. And they are looking for the password themselves.
Khan needs to go to Mathew’s room. Khan needs a chance. He can’t barge in, if he does he may get killed. If he is found looking for something in Mathew’s house, he will be the prime suspect who shot Onelson in his leg. 
Khan is still at the edge of a cliff. He is yet to find any meaning of the pen drive.
Khan has started to change his mind. He needs to stay there because if he goes missing again, it will be a problem. Khan has brought a gun to his room because he is thinking he might just get killed.
Thompson has set some police and snipers far away from the building to only check on the room. Thompson is always on the standby to hear or see any suspicious thing in Khan’s room.
Khan didn’t sleep the whole night. Because if he sleeps, the bed will give some signals. The next day up until night he stayed awake but at last fell into sleep. Khan woke up early in the morning. Khan told the police to leave because it was days they waited there.
Khan’s birthday is coming up. Khan needs to go to Mathew’s room to see what the 4 and right direction mean in the code.
 
Khan sends everyone the card of invitation and goes to visit Mathew. Mathew has decorations all over his house which Khan was already suspicious of. But Khan is now looking at the showpieces because they are both in the left and right direction. Khan is counting 1, 2, 3 and 4. Khan sees that showpiece is a goose. Khan has taken the note from that. Khan thinks the password has goose in it. But what about Ethan Upward Direction? That doesn’t make any sense. Khan has thought about it long and hard but can’t find a way to crack this part.
Khan came home. A bell rang. Khan came to open the door. It’s Mrs. Keaton. Mrs. Keaton entered the room and asked Khan directly, “Milton, you have a family, right?”
Khan became attentive and said, “Yes, I have.”
Mrs. Keaton asked, “How many members do you have in your family?”
Khan replied, “4, me, my wife and my 2 lovely daughters.”
Mrs. Keaton asked, “What’s your daughters’ name?”
Khan had no time to think and replied, “Emily and Kendall.” Khan praised himself for saying Wordsmith’s daughters’ name and said to himself, “Knowledge is power.”
Mrs. Keaton is asking questions to see if Khan hesitates. Khan is constantly making expressions that a person who is saying the truth, makes. 
Mrs. Keaton asked, “How is your financial state now?”
Khan replied, “It’s poor. I am barely managing my family’s expenses with the carpenter job.”
Mrs. Keaton asked, “Is this why you are always outside?”
Khan replied, “I haven’t been lately. But most times, I am really busy.”
Mrs. Keaton replied, “Well, I will come to your birthday.”
Khan replied, “Thank you so much, Mrs. Keaton.”
After Mrs. Keaton left, Khan left to visit Thompson’s house. Thompson gave such news that after arriving that Khan’s whole world turned upside down.
Thompson said, “Sir, the intelligence team gave another piece of news after you had left.”
Khan replied, “What?”
Thompson replied, “Jenny is Daisy’s daughter.”
Khan was about to faint at that spot but somehow managed himself from falling. Khan couldn’t believe what he said. 
“Why was this news not on the file?” Khan asked.
Thompson replied, “Sir, you were given only Kate’s case, that’s why they didn’t give you the file because the law had declared Jenny’s death as suicide and Daisy’s death as she went missing.”
Khan replied, “I should start reading the news.”
Thompson replied, “Sir, I think they found out about it recently. This thing was buried deep down. None knew they were mother and daughter. Three weeks ago, Daisy’s last letter was found at her home. And we were at that time roaming around the forest.”
Khan replied, “That’s absolutely skeptical. I think I need to crack my case’s password and have some details over Jenny.”
10. Jenny and Daisy
 Jenny was a very bright girl. Daisy was the owner. Jenny came begging for a low priced flat. Daisy couldn’t reject her. And Jenny was then scared by her mother and some neighbors. This doesn’t make any sense to Khan. Khan is patting his bald constantly but that isn’t helping him by any means. This house was labeled as haunted too. Means everyone here was playing some clowns’ part too. Even the mother. Khan had careful observations. Jenny didn’t know that Daisy was her mother. On the contrary, Daisy didn’t know Jenny was her daughter. Yes, this makes sense. Khan is observing the later part. What happened then? Jenny, how did she end up committing suicide then? Khan starts to think in Thompson’s house.
Khan has got the letter that was last found three week ago; in his hand just now. 
It’s not a letter. It’s a line with blood in it. “Jenny is my daughter.” That’s it. What will Khan do with his? He already knows about this.
Khan is thinking about the password now. But he can’t crack it. He has no idea what Ethan Upward's direction means.
Mrs. Keaton is connected to Daisy. Are they relatives too?
Khan is yet to find out.
Khan is drinking a glass of water and his bald head is all sweaty. Khan is making a story:
Jenny committed suicide 1 week ago. Daisy went missing a week later. Daisy killed Jenny and later found out that was her daughter. Psychopaths have extreme love over their daughter. But the bloody letter suggests there was a fight between some people. 
Khan’s story is incomplete but he isn’t forcing it to complete. He wants to end it there because that is a perfect story right there. 
Jenny was raised by a lone dad. The dad probably left Daisy because she is a psychopath. And how Emma made another version of her called Freya. Jenny’s dad thought Jenny will turn up like them. Maybe Jenny came here knowing she was her daughter, even after knowing the house is haunted, Jenny came here to meet her mother. 
Khan said to himself, “The world is small. Maybe she had actually come for a cheap house and ended up getting in her mother’s house. Psychopath’s sins often boomerang their way like this. If this had happened to Mrs. Keaton, she would have understood what it feels like to lose your close ones.”
Khan is now looking at the password. Khan is saying, “If the password has Mathew as a name then Ethan is probably a name too. What is this name? Ethan? Khan wrote the name in a pad E T H A N, Khan tried to say it backwards N A H T E, if I exclude the H, it's Nate. Nate and upward sign. Khan understood it immediately. But Khan can’t understand how Nate is known to Daisy. Khan has checked the house log details. Nate was to get room number 4 two months ago but after the incident, Mrs. Keaton told her to come 2 months later. Daisy and Mrs. Keaton both knew Nate before she was even coming. Maybe that’s why Daisy wrote Nate’s name backwards and her room has something important. “I need to go to Nate’s as quickly as possible,” Khan said to himself.
Khan has taken a taxi and has arrived at the house. Khan is going upwards.
11. Beneath the House
Khan doesn’t hold the key to Room Number 4. It is with Mrs. Keaton. Khan was pondering a way to enter the room. Probably he needs to take a closer look at the key to make a replica of it. Khan went to his room. Khan needs to convince Mrs. Keaton for this.
Khan went to Mrs. Keaton, “Mrs. Keaton! I am here for help. Can you please help me?”
Mrs. Keaton replied, “What help?”
Khan replied, “I think I left my diary months ago in Mrs. Nate’s house.”
Mrs. Keaton replied, “But we cleaned the house already and found nothing.”
Khan doesn’t know how to tackle that. Khan said, “Well, then maybe I have lost it. It was my favorite diary.”
Mrs. Keaton replied, “Are you telling me to give you a diary for your birthday?”
Khan replied, “Oh, Mrs. Keaton, you are so clever.”
Mrs. Keaton laughed and Khan left the room.
Khan doesn’t know if he will get any chance other than his birthday. He is thinking about every single way to get into the key but there aren’t. If he applies the same method for his birthday too, he is doomed. Khan is perplexed, confused and depressed.
Khan has a belief that the pen drive may hold the key to some of Jenny’s neighbors. But does it have anything to do with Kate’s case? Khan is thinking about the 6 neighbors that can still get away from him. Khan thinks he needs to start following one of them he has no clue whatsoever. Owen is the easy target.
Khan has started following. Khan heard Owen’s door shut. He has started to follow him. Khan took his mask with him. Owen’s taxi ended up at Jenny’s house. Khan is following him to the house. The house is creepy on the outside but the inside is totally modern with modern designs and bright colors. Khan has never visited here before. Owen went inside a room and Khan stayed beside it. Khan couldn’t get more details out of it but captured the footage and that’s it. 
Owen came to Mrs. Keaton’s house after that. Khan went 1 hour later to his own room. Khan is not doing anything right now. Not even thinking but just plainly waiting. Suddenly a fear came to him, “What if the thing Daisy wanted to show the world was cleaned while cleaning the room?”
Khan is pressuring, hitting and constantly telling himself to think to find a way to the key. He may be dead before his birthday arrives.
Khan had to wait for his birthday. Khan got a letter from Mrs. Larry. The letter goes like this:
Dear Milton,
Your dog died today out of hope and with anxiety. I bark now instead of the dog. The dog died thinking you are dead. I am also thinking you are dead. Will you ever come back? Will you come back alive? Your birthday will be celebrated by me alone. Your wife’s marriage has been fixed on 23rd December. What a tragedy! She is excited for your birthday. She thinks you are still here. She doesn’t know you left many days ago. James wanted to visit. I told you we are not having any visitors. Your dad and your friend’s dog visits here often. Your friend Tom’s dog barks now instead of your dog. It is a great regret that you are not attending your birthday party again. I hope you live long. I hope you are alive.
Yours,
Mrs. Larry.
 
Khan is also elegiac that he won’t be attending his birthday party again. 
Khan has bought a huge cake for his birthday. He is decorating his room by himself. All as an act, he didn’t ever celebrate his birthday. This is the first time he is celebrating his own birthday. Most importantly, he is decorating his own house, which is like the rarest thing on earth. 
Khan has made juice. Neighbors started to come. They brought fancy gifts for him. Khan is elevated by these gifts. He is giving everyone his self-made juice. They have brought champagne and all that. And Khan has just plainly given them juice, which has made them a bit sad. But everyone drank champagne. After that Khan forced everyone to drink the juice. They all drank it. Everyone was already fading with the champagne but the juice that was blended, had 15 sleeping pills in it. Everyone felt like heaven came to them and slept like never before. Khan has also fallen asleep, obviously an act because he needs to be there the most. The rest of the job is being done by Thompson.
Yesterday, Khan came and told Thompson, “Come tomorrow at 12 pm. Barge in room number 4 and try to look upwards. There must be something. If you can’t find anything just come in room number 12 and knock, I will go search then. But if you do find something, run away with it. Don’t forget to wear a mask, have a gun and most importantly, don’t forget to make a video of it.”
Thompson loved his previous job. This job has made him happier because he feels like a robber in a movie whenever he wears the mask. 
Thompson has entered the room. To barge in, this time he made a much louder sound. He became a bit afraid but continued recording. Thompson went up a ladder and started investigating the wall because there is nothing but wall in the upper part of the house. Thompson is laying his hand inside every corner of the house. He can’t find anything.
 Thompson is thinking about calling Khan though he knows it’s a bit risky and the whole plan will go to vain if he makes a mistake. He started knocking the upper wall and found a dubious sound from one. He started pricking the wall until another pen drive fell to the ground. Thompson took it, took the fillings in a bag and ran away with his heart in his mouth.
Khan was waiting for Thompson to come up because he knows it will be difficult to find something that hideous. Khan himself observed the room for 30 minutes but couldn’t find anything ambiguous in his first visit. But to surprise him, Thompson didn’t come. Khan is certain now that Thompson has got it. He laid down in more comfort and fell asleep. When Khan woke up, he still saw all his neighbors sleeping in his room. Khan just pretended to sleep after that. Even when everyone was leaving, Khan was the only one in sleep. Khan doesn’t want anyone to have any suspicion.
Khan left the house at noon. He came to visit Thompson.
Thompson said, “How are you, Sir?”
Khan replied, “I am fine. I should be asking you that.”
Thompson said, “I have found another pen drive.”
Khan gave a questionable look and plugged it into the laptop. The file says to give a password. Khan gave the password: goose. Khan has opened the file. Khan can see another video. A video of Daisy herself.
 “I am Daisy. I killed my daughter last night. I pushed her away from the roof. I didn’t know but when I knew it was already too late. My neighbors were ready to kill her. But that’s when for the first time she called me Mom. She said, “Mom, what are you doing?” I had to save her. There was no way out. I ran away with my blooded girl and threw her from the roof.”
Then Khan can hear someone is arriving. Daisy starts talking rapidly hearing them.
 “See the video at the end. They will kill me someday soon. They are locking me here in Mrs. Keaton’s house. I will try to commit suicide soon. I want people to have suspicion of this place. There are bodies beneath a house and for…..”
The video was cut off after that. Khan is still processing what he heard. FOR may refer to forest which is already discovered by him and Thompson. Now what about the house? Beneath the house? What house? Which house?
After that, there is a video of neighbors burning people alive. All of their faces are clear and recorded by Daisy. Daisy filmed all of her neighbors. Her neighbors can be easily caught now. But there are some other people enjoying the show. Who are they?
Khan has got the gist of the story:
After the death of Jenny, to avoid threat, they had taken Daisy to Mrs. Keaton’s house in room number 4. Daisy saved the file in the pen drive and cemented the pen drive in the roof. Mrs. Keaton decided to kill her in the forest. Then her body went missing but the head is somewhere else, Khan guesses.
Khan has progressed a lot more than he had hoped for. He sent the video to Wordsmith.
Khan has started describing the story to Thompson:
Listen, Thompson. A psycho mother married a normal dad and then they had a baby. After the baby girl was born, the father came to know her wife was a murderer. The father took the baby girl to a village to raise. The baby girl turned into a beautiful lady and wanted to visit her mom. Her dad had died but her mother didn’t. Her mother was visited by her. Her mother treated her like any other hostages. Scared her, made her go crazy then hit her, so much so that she was about to die. When the mother was about to kill her, the daughter said, “Mom, what is this?” That’s when the mother knew she ruined everything. Neighbors won’t let her daughter go easily. The mother ran up the stairs but Mrs. Keaton tried to stop her. The mother used something like a knife that slit a bit of Mrs. Keaton’s neck as her neck has a cut, I am assuming this. She still couldn’t save her. So, the mother had nothing but to throw her away from the roof to save her. In spite of saving her, the daughter died because she was already losing blood. Then the house got the tag of haunted which was spread by the neighbors and the mother was taken to Mrs. Keaton’s house’s room number 4. Much could she do but to make a video and cement it in the upper wall. She had a film where she filmed everyone at a party of burning people. They were all laughing and giggling. They were all neighbors of Jenny’s house and obviously with some other people. Her video has saved the lives of thousands. But she wanted to commit suicide which she couldn’t. She was taken to the forest and killed brutally. 
Thompson was amazed by Khan’s storytelling. “Amazing, Sir! Are you a poet?”
Khan replied, “Yes, I am.”
Khan and Thompson have come to visit Jenny’s grave. Thompson has brought some flowers.
Khan can barely hold his tears back. 
Thompson asked, “Are you crying, Sir?”
Khan replied, “No, no, I am not.”
Khan rubbed his white shirt unto his tears and said, “You know what a life means?”
Inexperienced Thompson asked, “What, Sir?”
Khan replied, “A life means love, endless opportunities and a hope for a better future. A life’s cost is more than all the wealth combined of this world. “
Khan clenched his teeth and gutted his body and said, “That life is being played like it’s a toy. It isn’t a toy, Thompson. It has eyes, ears, nose, hands and legs. Do you know the price of each? You can sell the whole earth but can’t make a single one of them. That is how much God loved you when he made you and me. And these people chopped down heads like it’s the head of some animals. This is intolerable and happened for 10 years under our very nose. And we thought they were some missing cases. I jumped out of my bed every night out of terror. And young people experiencing that, I cannot imagine.”
Thompson pats on Khan’s shoulder without saying anything.
Khan and Thompson are now constantly thinking about what she said at the end. Beneath the house? Which house?
Thompson said, “Sir, there can be only one house out of the 3. Mrs. Keaton’s, Daisy’s and the one at Klotter Street. 2 were built years ago and under may not lie anything. But the one at Klotter Street was built 10 years ago and rumors of ghosts were spread to avoid the house. Beneath that house may lie bodies, more bodies,”
Khan replied, “Marvelous! Then we should have a visit there. What do you say?
Thompson replied, “Yes, Sir. But that’s a bit too risky. Well, we will have guns and masks. So, we can go, I guess.
They started their journey to the old house at Klotter Street.  Upon arriving, they saw the gate was locked. Thompson barged in and went downstairs. Khan is filming 58 heads that are floating in chemical fluids. Khan starts counting while Thompson is investigating the whole area. 
Khan counted and found only 56. Khan is doing mathematics. 58 were there, 3 were sent to my room. 55 heads, then Mrs. Keaton came with another; so 56. Hold on a second, they buried another body after we had run away. So there should be 57 heads.
Thompson found another safe and asked to come to the spot. Khan can see it’s not a safe but a vault. It is password protected with only numbers to input. It is saying 4 numbers. Khan is waiting in front of the vault. He can see the fingerprints in the number pad, a recent one. Probably it has 5. Khan is guessing the password is regularly changed, so Khan has given it 0056. 
Khan can see another head inside, in a jar. It's Daisy’s, Khan assumes. There are nothing but some papers. This house is in the name of Owen, June and Jonathan Brothers. Khan and Thompson took some photos. They heard footsteps. 
Khan and Thompson hid in a corner and recorded as Owen, June and Jonathan brothers brought another head. 
Khan and Thompson leave the house after they have left. They waited one more hour and then left the house. Khan’s journey is coming to an end. Khan has sent the recording to Wordsmith.
Khan is relieved as he has got only Mathew and Langer to catch. He has already got Folito after finding the mask. 
Khan has called full protection outside the house. 20 Police roaming in different disguises for a week now. 5 on the roof. 3 looking in Khan’s window. One week passed this way. Khan hasn’t found a way to Mathew and Langer. 
If he gets them, Khan’s job is done. He then needs to be in front of the judge and tell the truth.
Khan has already started the celebration. A week passed by but nothing suspicious happened. So Khan again had to call off the police. 
Police are also fed up that Khan calls them for nothing.
Khan is thinking about Kate now. Why did Kate jump out of the roof? Some of her videos that were public only said horrific things. That is because those were the videos that were sent by Kate. But that was through her laptop. None knows where the laptop is. Khan needs to get his hands on the laptop to actually know what happened.
 Khan is watching a dream now. A dream where there is a warrior. He is fighting with millions of other warriors. He is throwing his sword here and there until all of them turn into ghosts and Khan’s sword is not working anymore. Khan woke up frightened. His all dreams always end up with some sort of ghost related to it. Khan doesn’t even know what is the end? Khan just gets covered by ghosts and wakes up all perspiring. Khan is looking through the window. There are no police now. They have all left. Khan has told them if he goes missing, catch them with the existing footages and to catch Langer and Mathew for the murder of Detective Mohammad Sami Khan. Even if Khan dies now, who cares? Khan is celebrating early because he has nicely set the plot for the arrest of Mathew and Langer. Khan has even written on a paper that, “Mathew and Langer are responsible for my death.” Khan isn’t going to take any risk now. Khan has to put all criminals behind the bar. He has even created a nice little plot that they killed because they were the last pieces to the puzzle. But he doesn’t want to die because he needs to stand before the judge and give clear direction and story-telling to walk through the case. Khan is thinking about what lies beneath the house at Klotter Street. Khan will need to uproot the house to know the truth. He can’t wait many days for the case to end. 
12. The Last Piece
Thompson has visited Wordsmith in his office.
Thompson said, “Sir, how are you?”
Wordsmith replied, “Have a seat.”
Thompson said, “Yes, Sir.”
Wordsmith replied, “We didn’t tell Khan you are a police officer. You know that, right?”
Thompson replied, “Yes, Sir. But I think he has guessed I am a police officer.
Wordsmith replied, “He has?”
Thompson took a brief gap and said, “I went to his house once and he was sleeping and I sat near him and didn’t want to wake him up. He was murmuring some words, “Thompson is a police officer. Wordsmith lied.” He told them repeatedly until I decided to wake him up from the evil dream.”
Wordsmith was astonished and asked, “How did he come to know?”
Thompson replied, “Sir, he has ways of getting to things. He repeatedly thinks the same thing. Over and over. I haven’t seen a single moment where he isn’t thinking about something.”
Wordsmith leaned back a bit and said, “Khan told me you have great eyes, too great for a police officer.” 
Wordsmith said, “Khan once came to me when he was searching everywhere for a companion.”
Thompson said, “Sir, are you preferring me to fill the post?”
Wordsmith replied, “Thompson, you won’t be able to stay a police officer after this case. You don’t know the amount of fame you will get once you have solved the case. Khan and you will reach a height where reaching is impossible. People will talk about this case for years.”
Thompson was a bit hazed after coming to the reality. 
Thompson replied, “Sir, I will think about it.”
Wordsmith replied, “You can leave now.”
Thompson replied, “Yes, Sir.”

Khan is drooling over the bed and is sleeping like a baby. He is being pulled by some ghosts. He is trying to cut them loose but much can be done as the ghosts pull him down. Khan went under the house of Klotter Street where bodies without heads started crawling up to him. Khan jumped out of his bed. Khan will go to a psychiatrist after closing the case. Whenever is sleeping, he is having nightmares.
Khan has got up and contemplated on what he has done so far. Khan is taking notes on what he has done, he has visited all neighbors, searched their rooms, went to forest, saw the beheaded bodies, went to the old house at Klotter Street, viewed the heads. 
Khan throughout the whole journey wore 2 blue shirts and 2 jeans. He wore one for 3 days then washed in his creepy bathroom, no washing machine. Khan’s shirt has rigged off a lot of its color. Then he wore another for 3 days. He didn’t have any time to wander around except for having conversations which resulted in his favor for a long time. Khan has fallen asleep again after reminiscing some good old memories.
Khan woke up at midnight. But when he did, he saw his door was locked and he was all locked up. Khan thought this is the day he dies. No police outside to save him and Thompson is in his home. Khan tried to get out of his bed but he was hit hard by something from behind.
Khan doesn’t know what had happened after that. Khan was in a car when he woke up. His hands and legs are tied up. He is probably at the back of the car. He can’t see anything nor can say anything as a sack has covered all the viewings and mouth is taped with some black tapes. Khan can hear the rains dropping. The drop of rain in the car sounded like a thunderstorm to Khan as the sound echoed. Khan is praying to God to let him go to heaven because he is sure of his own death. He is not begging for his life. 
Khan can hear some voices, little can he hear as the sounds of various statures and status disharmonize Khan’s ears.  Khan still tried to follow up, it felt like it was Folito, Mathew, Langer and Stacey. Khan is happy that he doesn’t need to tell lies anymore or he didn’t tell lies to police as the last pieces of the puzzle; Mathew and Langer are present with Khan. Khan still doesn’t know how Kate died, that answer Khan hopes, God will give it to him once he leaves earth. Khan wanted to see Kate’s parents happy and smiling for once since their daughter died. They are as good as unmoving dolls in a show. Well, Khan will be greatly remembered if his name is published by police. They still might not do it because of some confidential issues. Khan will have to answer for a lot of things he has done, like placing a head in Mrs. Keaton’s house or breaking through houses every now and then. Well, that part is actually done by Thompson. Khan says to himself.
The car at last stopped. Khan is being held by Mathew and Langer. Folito is probably wearing a mask as his voice has enhanced its’ radius and Khan can hear it. Stacey is constantly talking about killing Khan. How they will kill him and all that.
Khan is thinking about the torture he is going to face. Probably he will be burnt alive. 
Stacey started saying, “We will fry you, you idiot.”
Mathew replied, “Why did he visit me so many times?”
Stacey replied, “He is an old fool.”
Langer said, “This is the best idiot we have ever gotten in our house. Most went mad. So it was easy to have fun but these scientific geniuses will not believe even after seeing ghosts. We will roast him and see if he screams.”
Stacey replied, “This bastard looked like he would piss on the floor. How is he not scared?”
Stacey then gave smack at Langer.
Langer was surprised.
Stacey replied, “You were the one who is in the upper floor of that room. What did you do, you freak?”
Langer replied, “Says the girl who was hesitating to kill Mrs. Nate.”
Stacey replied, “That’s nothing.”
Langer said, “He didn’t get a single bit of scare by your hula-hoops and jumping, you moron.”
Stacey said to Mathew, “Let’s fry Langer too.”
Khan can hear sounds of many creatures, he is assuming it’s the forest.
Folito said, “What about the one with the gun?”
Mathew replied, “We don’t know. We are still looking for information. Can’t be the Shilon. How can they have guns? Those fools are still making fire from the woods.”
Folito replied, “Shouldn’t we tell Mrs. Keaton about this now?”
Stacey slapped Folito so hard that the forest echoed and gave some answers to him.
Khan is praising himself for successfully cracking the case.
Stacey said, “Do you know what will happen if she knows?”
Folito replied, “I think we should kill her. Just like she killed Mrs. Nate.”
Mathew replied, “She is already too old. She will die someday soon.”
Stacey said, “Have you checked our hideout? Is it okay? Mrs. Keaton thinks we need to run away soon again. 
Khan can’t believe what he is hearing. A hideout, where?
And why are they running away?
Stacey replied, “She thinks we will get caught at this rate. I don’t know what has she found that is terrifying her so much? It’s been 10 years since we didn’t move. What’s again? We will have to move again.”
Khan is thinking there are far more missing cases that can’t be numbered. For the last 50 years, the numbers have tripled. Khan is pondering the fact that the whole country needs to be searched greatly. What if they move before they are caught?
Khan is having second thoughts about death now. He is now praying heavily for his life. He needs to get out of here. Khan is thinking of ways.
They have arrived at the grave.
Stacey takes out the sack and Khan can finally see.
Mathew said, “Surprise!”
Khan isn’t surprised at all.
Mathew said, “Why are you not scared?”
Khan replied, “Your little plays don’t scare me.”
Stacey said, “I heard you fainted 3 times seeing ghosts.”
Then they all busted out laughing. Khan isn’t interested.
Stacey said, “Are you sure you are okay now? Or are you insane?”
Khan replied, “It will always be less than you.”
Stacey, feeling insulted, hauled out a hockey stick. Then stroke at Khan’s head.
Khan has started to bleed. He is full of blood. They have brought some sort of burned charcoal.
Stacey said, “Let’s burn you. Let’s see you scream for the first time.”
Then she stamped a charcoal right at Khan’s thighs which first burned the cloth and started entering his thighs.
Khan didn’t scream but his whole soul cried. Khan only made some vague noises.
Stacey, Mathew and Langer all took turns in torturing him. Khan has lost consciousness. They are not liking it. They want him to stay alive when they torture him.
Khan wakes up after a bit.
Stacey replied, “Look, look! The little princess is awake.”
Folito who has not yet stroked a single scratch is ready with a machete.
He said, “Enough! It’s my turn.”
Folito was about to chop off his head and made the machete really high when an arrow was shot right at his hand.
Owkwa and his tribe have arrived.
Stacey, Mathew and Langer are pointing out their sharp knives and Shilon has their arrows.
Owkwa struck his stick two times in the ground to get attention.
Khan was unable to check the scene. He can’t even make his head high.
Owkwa said, “Drop your weapons or we will shoot arrows.”
Folito was on the ground and was tumbling on the ground. He said, “You, you were the one that shot us.”
Owkwa replied, “Not really, he did,” and pointed at a sanguinary Khan.
The psychopaths were flabbergasted hearing that.
Stacey replied, “That idiot?”
Owkwa replied, “He is Detective Khan.”
They couldn’t believe what they heard.
Owkwa laughed and said, “The best detective in the town.”
A bullet was fired at the sky and Thompson arrived at the scene with 30 police officers.
Thompson was called by a kid from Shilon.
Stacey, Langer, Mathew and an injured Folito all were captured.
Thompson came near Khan.
Khan can’t see him, his eyes are nearly closed and all puffed up. Khan still said, “What about the others?”
The voice was so soft, Thompson couldn’t hear anything. He asked, “Sir, what are you saying.”
Khan thrust his voice a bit and said again, “What about the others?”
Thompson assured Khan by saying, “Sir, they are all arrested.”
Khan gave a sigh of relief.
After that, Khan can’t remember much. He was taken to a hospital. Khan woke up in the hospital after a week.
Khan can see the TV in the hospital. Mrs. Larry is watching the news where they are constantly praising Khan.
The news is saying:
“Detective Khan, can you believe it? No other detective but him. He went on a 4 months’ creepy tour as a disguised carpenter. He has captured terrific clips. Crimes that were buried for years. Mr. Khan has worked for 4 months to gather all necessary details. But let’s not forget his companion, a police officer Mr. Thompson, who has assisted Khan throughout the way and Director General of Police Mr. Wordsmith hired the private detective to solve this case. Though much laws have been broken but they have captured 15 neighbors from Mrs. Keaton’s house and 16 neighbors from Mrs. Daisy’s house.
A lot of things will be known when Khan wakes up.”
Mrs. Larry finally saw that Khan was awake. She held Khan unto her hands. Khan felt some affection after a lot of months.
Khan has gotten up in his bed after another week. Much happened; Wordsmith had another girl; hopefully she will bite Emily, Wordsmith and Thompson came to visit him. Thompson cried a lot staying beside Khan. Khan didn’t say anything. Eun and James have married. Khan couldn’t attend it. They have visited Khan. Tomorrow will be the court’s verdict. Khan is yet to reveal many things.
When Khan got out of the hospital, he saw reporters even sleeping out to get an interview with Khan. They rushed with the speed of the panthers to get to him first.
Khan said, “Give me some space!”
Reporters started throwing some random questions.
Khan started saying on his own:
“There is much yet to reveal. We are suspecting there is some new evidence. I am requesting the court to postpone the verdict for this month. I am yet to get my hands on some things.”
One reporter asked, “But, Sir, 56 heads were found in that old house. Are you suspecting more?”
Khan replied, “We can’t share any details. To me, the case is still confidential.”
More questions started to come in but Khan wasn't interested.
Khan somehow made his way home. 
Khan has called Wordsmith, “Wordsmith, you shouldn’t have disclosed the case.”
Wordsmith replied, “Why?”
Khan replied, “I think there is more to this case.”
Wordsmith replied, “What more?”
Khan replied, “We need to dig out the house at Klotter Street. We need to dig out Mrs. Keaton’s house and Daisy’s house.”
Wordsmith replied, “I will look for a way. I will somehow stop the verdict. I am sorry, Khan, but you have told me to share all the news when Mathew and Langer are caught.”
Khan replied, “There is no time to whim. Send teams to the places I mentioned.”
13. The Secret Hideout
Khan is in front of the digging site at Klotter Street’s house. The house first had to be demolished. Then they dug the whole place. The heads were already sent in forensics. They have found around 100 skeletons and they will all be matched with the missing cases. On the other hand both Mrs. Keaton’s house and Daisy’s house are being ruptured.
Khan has warned Wordsmith to report these details. He needs to get his hands on the secret hideout.
In a week, Daisy’s house was uprooted and started digging. Nothing was found under it and they are now digging the surroundings of the house.
Khan was inattentive and was sleeping in a chair in front of the digging activities. 
Khan woke up when some officers told him that there was a secret passage. Khan was shocked.
Khan saw a red trunk with a gate. He has a gun and he is pointing it to the gate. Police officers are following him. Khan went down the dark stairs.
Khan lit up a match to see what’s down. He found some buttons after going down. He turned it all on. Lights filled the room. Khan can see the area is big but no human but some boxes with devices.
Khan and the officers have started to take all the boxes out of the hallway. Khan is looking for Kate’s laptop and phone. After a brief search for hours, at midnight Khan found Kate’s laptop phone and a camera.
Khan took them home without anyone’s permission. He needs to see it.
Khan was taking deep breaths. He is hesitant to open them. Khan opened the phone first. Nothing there, everything deleted. Laptop has nothing too.
The camera had only one recording. Khan opened it.
Khan can see Kate alive.
Kate is crying and starts talking.
“I know these are not ghosts now. But my doors are locked and windows too. They are not letting me out. They have a hideout. They will hide it after killing me. Someone please help me. Please! If I can’t be saved, I will leave some clues for you.”
Khan is telling the story to himself:
A girl who wants to be a mechanical engineer somehow managed a house for a very cheap price. She found her neighbors are auspicious, especially Mrs. Keaton. Little did she know that the term will turn from “AUSPICIOUS” to “SUSPICIOUS”. They take care of her, visit her from time to time. But suddenly she started seeing ghosts just like me. Just like me, she was a believer of science and truth. She didn’t believe in ghosts from movies. But the ghosts made her doubt herself. Are they actually ghosts? Until she started investigating herself and found that these are her neighbors. But when she knew, it was already too late. They locked her up. But when they went to take her to the forest, she was not there, she came to the main gate to get out but it was locked. The neighbor started surrounding her when she went running up the stairs. She had no other way other than going to the roof. She had only one way to go up and that’s what she did. She said with teary eyes to Mrs. Keaton, “If I die from here at least people will have suspicion of this house for horror. Not of becoming mad which has no way to deal with.” Kate then sacrificed herself. Mrs. Keaton had no problem before. 5 people went mad here and then went missing. Mad people can go anywhere. No cases were filed against her. But the scientific Kate changed the pattern a bit. She didn’t go mad but to find no way out she jumped off the roof to leave clues for people like me who are just as intelligent as her. But Mr. Keaton thought, “What the problem is with one suicide? None will be suspicious. And even if they are, where is the evidence? Jenny committed suicide too, did that raise any suspicion? So, Kate’s suicide won’t have any after effects too”
Khan finished Kate’s story. Next day Khan and Thompson went to Kate’s parents.
Kate’s father is a farmer in the village. Her mother is a homemaker. Mr. and Mrs. Ford.
Khan gave them the clip. They watched it together.
Mr. Ford hugged Khan for more than 1 minute. Probably he was crying, perhaps showing gratitude.
Upon leaving Mrs. Ford said, “The world needs more people like you.”
Khan shivered a bit after hearing it. He was emotional and proud of himself.
They also thanked Thompson. But they don’t want them to leave. They have prepared a beautiful puddle for them to enjoy. Khan is determined to visit them from time to time. No children. Khan will try to fill that spot for them. Thompson has already become their child. Khan can feel some of their pain as he lost his parents early in his life.
Khan and Thompson ate everything possible.
Then they went to Kate’s grave. Khan promised to write a poem when he solves all of these. He has brought the poem but he isn’t reading because he is yet to find the secret hideout.
Khan has called Wordsmith to search all haunted houses to the point that the whole house falls apart. Mrs. Keaton’s house was uprooted but nothing was found; nothing even in the surroundings.
Wordsmith has given the order to search everything of the haunted houses. Khan is thinking he will be able to find more heads upon searches. Some forests will also be searched for bodies.
Khan’s guesses have become true. In the month, 547 heads and 600 bodies were found. None knows what happened. There can be more.
But the news that made Khan a bit unsettling is that none of them had any secret hideout.
None can dig out that many haunted houses even if Khan tells them to. And the verdict is coming soon. If Khan doesn’t hurry; things will go out of his hand.
Khan is in his home. He is constantly walking to his house. He has even started solving some math problems to see if he can open his mind for broader knowledge and sharpen his dusty memory which was unused for months.
How will Khan know where the secret hideout is? Khan has no clues, he has come all this way but still doesn’t know a single thing about the secret hideout. Khan can’t recall a binomial formula that he learned years ago. Has his memory started to fade away?
Khan had nightmares even yesterday. He is not bothered about it, his only focus is the secret hideout.
Where are the other killers? Khan definitely saw some more serial killers in the clips of Daisy’s. But where are they hiding? Are they hiding at the secret hideout?
Khan, if he could, would have dug all the haunted houses of the country but he can’t. And one of them may lead to the secret hideout. Khan has guessed that it can’t be directly under the house if it’s a secret hideout. Maybe somewhere near the haunted house.
Khan just needs to find out which haunted house is the one that may have a secret hideout. Khan is constantly thinking about it but there aren’t many details he can think of.
Khan crossed his fingers and sat looking through his oval-shaped window in his comfy chair.
Thompson has come to Khan’s house the next day.
Thompson said, “Sir, the Supreme Court will give their verdict in a week.”
Khan said, “I know.”
Thompson replied, “Sir, I think we should let go of the case now.”
Khan replied, “No, we must look for the things we already know.”
Thompson replied, “Sir, what are you planning to do?”
Khan replied, “I will look for the things I already know. The amount of description we have of this case is enough to find out the secret hideout. The problem is I can’t find it. I need to think. I need to finish this case. Because Wordsmith is wanting to assign me to another case really soon. People are assuming the case is done for. But I don’t think so.”
Thompson replied, “Sir, what if Kate referred to the forest or the hideout of the Daisy’s?
Khan replied, “You don’t understand. I heard Stacey talk about a secret hideout.”
Thompson replied, “Sir, do you want me to ask her?”
Khan replied, “No, asking her won’t make any significant changes.”
Khan sighed for some moment and at last said, “Give me some time. I will figure a way out.” 
Khan is wearing a white sleeve t-shirt for the first time in a while. He can’t recall the first time he had gone to the haunted house.
Khan had seen all the other boxes from Daisy’s secret room but nothing was found to Khan’s sheer disappointment. He looked in every case but undone. Some phones, laptops, jewelries, accessories but all of them had gone mentally unstable to the point they were seen walking around naked.
Khan is checking the files of both cases, Jenny’s and Kate’s. After finishing them, he is now after the rare footage he has captured. 
Mrs. Larry has made coffee for Khan 5 times already. Khan is not sleeping for 2 days straight now.
Mrs. Larry said, “Khan, when you stress too much, you leave the actual part behind.”
Khan was looking deeply into some missing cases and that line caught his mind a bit. “Maybe she is right. I should take some rest now. I am only stressing it and am not making any progress at all.”
He has been constantly sleeping on his couch for days after arriving. After probably 6 months, he has gone to his colossal bed. Mrs. Larry had cleaned it so much that Khan is thinking he has slept on his bed every day. He took a nap in his bed.
Khan has gone today to visit his neighbors. First Mrs. Keaton.
Mrs. Keaton is in front of Khan.
Khan asked, “How are you, Mrs. Keaton?”
Mrs. Keaton gave a quirky smile and said, “You think you have succeeded. You will never be able to stop this. This is infinite. You can try but you will fail.”
Khan replied, “Do you think your secret hideout is not known to me?”
Mrs. Keaton’s eyes were about to pop out in extreme shock. 
Khan replied, “Do you still think I am a fool, Mrs. Keaton? I have captured a hag like you. Your little children won’t be a big problem to me.”
Mrs. Keaton replied, “How did you know? How?”
Khan can see that’s a very confidential issue and Mrs. Keaton’s facial expressions are suggesting that it is related to her past. 
Khan replied, “I am the best detective of the town. You can’t escape me. No criminals can.”
What does Khan know about her past? Khan is traveling through his memory now in his house. 
Suddenly, Khan remembered that he had one photo of her past. That is with Daisy. Under the restaurant called “Living Life.”
Is there any haunted house in front of Living Life?
Khan has contacted Thompson. 
Khan asked Thompson, “Thompson, is there any haunted house in front of a restaurant called “Living Life.”” 
Thompson replied, “Sir, hold on a second, I am looking for it.”
After some minutes, Thompson replied, “Yes, Sir. There is one. That house was thoroughly checked and we found no heads or bodies there,
Khan’s only chance is this. Will he search there?
This is the only clue he has. He must take it. Thompson has confirmed there is a haunted house. So, what’s the hesitation?
Khan called Wordsmith. 
Khan said, “Wordsmith, I need you to send a search team to the haunted house on the opposite side of “Living Life” restaurant.
Wordsmith replied, “This is your last chance, Khan.”
Khan replied, “It sure is.”
Wordsmith replied, “Alright, I am sending a team there.”
Khan replied, “Alright.”
Khan came to an underwhelmed, unpleasant and restricted house. The team has already started digging. 100 police officers have been assigned. They are all surrounding the house. Khan is supervising the house. Khan went into the house. The house is 3 storied, looks like a family lived here; not an apartment. Khan is focusing on the floor first. He is looking for a secret hideout in the house. No heads were found here. That has already made Khan doubtful. Khan is assuming this maybe Mrs. Keaton’s house in the early days. There are scarred old pieces, wooden shelves ripped out, and stench of thousand years of wood, rarified air and creepiness which sneaks into the body when Khan is walking through. Khan has found some old pictures. Khan can see the parents’ faces are deliberately cut off in the picture and little Mrs. Keaton is smiling right beside them with a dog in her hand. Probably they were the first victim, Mrs. Keaton had first killed them. Khan came across an old room. This old room has nothing. But a chair.
Khan is thinking about what this chair means. Khan came and sat in the chair. After sitting there, the wall started to move, with a password to give. 
Khan has to crack another password. They can break it and enter but Khan is assuming there are people inside. If they break, they might get away. So, Khan hasn’t even called the police in the room. Khan has brought the police officers silently and told them to keep quiet.
Khan is thinking about the code, it says, “WHAT’S YOUR DOG’S NAME?”
Khan can give only 4 letters to this code.
Khan knows the picture he found earlier has a clue to this. Mrs. Keaton’s parents’ heads were not there in the picture and a dog was at her hand.
Khan said to himself, “The picture refers to the head. H E A D. Her dog’s name was HEAD.”
Khan gave the code with utmost confidence. The police officers and Khan all went with their guns in hand. There were more than 50 bullets that were shot. Some unknown people shot at them without mercy. Khan and the officers had shot too. Probably 70 missing serial killers and psychopaths were captured, 30 police officers died along with 20 serial killers. Khan got shot in his right arm and left thigh. Khan was taken to hospital for excessive bleeding.
Khan woke up at the hospital. General Superintendent, General Director of the Police, The President all have come to visit Khan. Khan is only looking at Mrs. Larry. She is crying like a baby. Khan knows she will cry for months over 2 bullets.
Khan is finished with his case. Now he just needs to know about the verdict which will be in a couple of days later.
Khan got the news in his bed. They will all be executed by hanging in front of an audience for general display. It is a sign of how these cases will be handled from now on.
Khan was relieved. He will have to visit his neighbors now. He will say goodbye to them for the last time. Khan is over the moon by the verdict. He will just go there to tease them a bit.
Khan will visit Stacey first.
Khan went in to talk to her. Stacey can be seen from the glass. She saw Khan and went up to hit the glass hard. The security controlled her. Khan gave a huge laugh at that. He asked Stacey, “Who is laughing now, Stacey?”
Stacey was boiling inside. She said with extreme anger, “Why are you here?”
Khan didn’t pay heed to her and started saying, “Insects like you need pesticides. I have ordered the pesticide for you. You know what? Execution by hanging,” Khan busted out laughing.
He finished his laugh and clenched his teeth and said, “You, freak!”
She jumped again like some crazy woman and the security controlled her again. The security should control Khan too but they are huge fans plus he is a national hero. They are enjoying the show.
Khan told one of the guards, “Look, look, the little princess has gone mad.”
Khan was done with Stacey. Upon leaving Khan said, “May God never forgive you and punish you for eternity.”
Khan went up to Mrs. Keaton next.
Khan said, “Mrs. Keaton, I hear your children are suffering. They are seeing a ghost lately. That ghost crawls in their room. Do you know what the ghost’s name is? Khan!” Khan screamed.
The guards laughed a lot at the joke.
Khan asked, “Beldam, why did you start scaring people?”
Mrs. Keaton replied, “It was fun. Much more fun than cutting of heads. Until scientific idiots like you and Kate arrived.”
Khan replied, “What a psycho!”
Mrs. Keaton replied, “Do you think you can stop all that will come forward?”
Khan replied, “I am not bound to reply to someone who killed their own parents, you piece of shit, you old hag, beldam!”
Khan has lost his appetite. Khan told the guards to say the joke and the ending quote to everyone captured.
Khan will not visit the rest of them. He said to the guard, “Tell them I sent the news but didn’t come to see because I don’t look at my own poop.”
Khan was happy after briefly disrespecting some idiots. Khan has returned home. Khan is injured. That’s one of the reasons he will not waste his energy on some idiots.
81 people were hanged one after another and in a week and the country became some sort of clean. Khan, Wordsmith and Thompson were everywhere. Banners in town, every day in papers, in talk shows. Some were making a series about Khan’s exclusive journey. Khan was sleeping in his bed when all of these were happening. On the other hand, Thompson was enjoying every bit of it. Wordsmith was heavily praised for giving ample amount of time in this case regardless of being the General Director of Police.
Kate’s parents were provided with compensation. Daisy’s death was declared as murder this time. The country will mourn the death of Jenny and Kate a week later. Khan and Thompson both are requested to give a brief speech about what happened. Otherwise, Khan would have gone to visit Bangladesh then Indonesia then Shilon tribe with Mrs. Larry. Mrs. Larry has bought a cat instead of a dog. Khan was very surprised to see that she didn’t buy a dog after a brief description about the dog. Khan realized later that her imaginary dog had died a couple of months ago.
Khan will be assigned to his new case a month later. Khan was eager to hear about it but Wordsmith didn’t say a single thing, which made him a bit sad. But Khan understood that he had overthought already enough. If he hears about the case, his trips will be all ruined.
Khan has started reciting a specific surah for the nightmares. He doesn’t get them anymore.
Khan had gone to Kate’s grave and recited this poem:
Marigold
Bristle am I for your longing
Where was I?
In your tears

Rest now
For I have cleared
The path you chose
For me to believe.

I went to the roots
Talked to them
Good were they
Are you too?
I hope so.

I brought what I could
May it bring peace
To your soul
Marigold
Thompson was right beside and praised Khan for the beautiful poem. Khan and Thompson went to Daisy's and Jenny’s graves too.
Currently, Khan is preparing for the speech he is to give in the ceremony. Hundreds of people will come. Khan is writing about things that need to be addressed. Thompson is also preparing what he can.
Thousands of lanterns were shot at the sky when the day came. Thompson went up to the stage first and started his speech:
Dear everyone,
I was only a small part of this huge and intensive detection. I entered the case midway through to help Mr. Khan, whom I met at the bench as a disguise. I went with him to the forest and lived life to the fullest with the Shilon Tribe. After that, we entered the forest and found dead bodies. We saved a woman and Mr. Khan fired at one criminal to save her. Mr. Khan then called me for various reasons. I have broken the law many times but as Mr. Khan replies to this, “For the right reasons.”
We together have fought really hard to solve this case. We wanted Kate and Jenny to rest in peace. I was impressed by Mr. Khan’s integrity and attention to this case. I have never seen anyone this much concerned about others. I now want him to say something in front of us.”
Huge applause was given when Khan went up to the stage. Khan started his speech:
 “It’s a great honor to be speaking in front of everyone. I stand before you today with utmost pleasure and grief. Pleasure of relief and grief of death. My neighbors scared me for months. I had to visit them every day to make progress in my case. I saw these criminals’ faces every day. When Kate’s parents were tumbling and crying on the floor, the criminals were laughing and giggling and partying. I had to break the laws, had to be reckless, and had to take massive risks with Thompson, whom I am greatly grateful. I am also very grateful to Wordsmith for this continuous amount of support. I want to apologize to my grandmother for making her worried. I want to congratulate Kate’s parents for bearing this with us. Kate was a very bright girl. She left clues here and there for me to progress. She was brutally scared. She was to be killed but she committed suicide to leave a sign. She had understood the ghosts are her neighbors just like me and she left me a clue which made me question everyone. Another person I am hugely indebted to is Daisy. Though she had beheaded tons of people, she had left messages which have led us to get every criminal back to their cages. I want to thank Jenny for changing her mothers’ heart. Jenny’s parents divorced after her father came to know that her wife is a serial killer. He took her daughter and lived in a village. Later, his dad died and Jenny came to visit her mother in her home. How tragic her life was! She was scared to death by her own mother. When Jenny was to be taken down for beheading she said, “What are you doing, mom?” That was too late for Daisy to save her daughter. The neighbor didn’t want to take risks and was forcefully taking her daughter to the forest. Daisy managed to get her daughter but not out of the house but to the roof from where she threw her sanguinary daughter. Later, she left a clue in room number 4 of Mrs. Keaton’s house which led us to catch murderers of Jenny’s house. Kate has also provided useful information about the secret hideout which has led us to 70 more criminals. All in all, we will get to criminals in ways they never had imagined. We got Emma, Freya, Onelson and Goldberg on our journey to the forest. Stacey for killing Mrs. Nate and attempted murder on me. We got Mrs. Keaton for transportation of heads. We got Jonathan Brothers, Owen and June by visiting Klotter Street’s old house. We got Folito by discovering his mask. We got Jenny’s neighbors by the clip sent by Daisy.  We got Jane by the incident which I call the “The Bee Woman”. Though she was found in only one massacre and then became ill out of bee stung, the court initially decided to imprisonment, but upon my investigation, I found the jars and chemicals to preserve the heads had subtle connection with Jane. So, we investigated and found the chemicals were personally made by Jane. The court gave us one month and for that we got to get to the point where we have enough reasons to execute them. So, the court has decided the execution of Jane too. If one of them didn’t receive execution, we would have been in great trouble. That’s why I thank the government for such strong, bold and right decision. We got 70 other criminals after decrypting a code. They can commit crime but won’t be able to hide. That’s the message that was given by executing 81 culprits by hanging. I am grateful to the law and government because of the verdict of execution. We have let loose many criminals for many health issues and excuses. But this time, I was impressed with the decision. Another thing I want to mention is don’t believe in ghosts. Anytime someone is about to tell a horror story, step up and slap them in the face unless it’s a Jinn. This belief has caused many people to lose their sanity for no reason. I will forever remain grateful to the people who have helped our team’s mission to be successful. I hope for everyone’s prosperity. Thank you so much.”

The crowd cheered and roared for Khan’s speech. Khan got down to celebrating for a couple of months.
Khan went on to complete his trip he promised with Mrs. Larry. He had come to Bangladesh. Mrs. Larry was delighted to come here. They visited Cox’s Bazar. She had one of her most memorable moments there. Then they went to Bali, Indonesia. They had to visit these places because these places were greatly involved in solving the case. Then they went to visit the Shilon Tribe, this time they were accompanied by Thompson and Wordsmith. The tribe loved that they visited them again. The kids were very happy to see Khan and Thompson.
Khan has come home. He will soon be given his new case. Khan is looking through his oval shaped window and is contemplating. He has deep thoughts. He thinks and thinks. He is thinking of a math equation. Where did he derive it from? At that time there was a knock on the door. Wordsmith has arrived with a new case. To be continued………………………………………………………
The End 
Newsletter signup: https://mybookcave.com/direct/a-suspicious-suicide/
Author's Social Media Lineup: Email: jeem12563@gmail.com  
Twitter: www.twitter.com/SaimumJeem 
Instagram: www.instagram.com/saimumislamjeem 
