


About the Book

Alice and Rupert Forrester have just moved into the house Abi used to call Creepy Castle. The basement apartment will soon be ready for newlywed Bethany and Harry with baby Freddie. Alice finds an old map of the area in the college library, which leads to some exciting discoveries.
Some items donated to the local cat charity cause serious problems for Abi and Danny, with Danny locked in a police cell and suspended from work at lawyers Branks, Davis & Waters, and Abi taken in for questioning. Meanwhile, life at Button Up coffee shop proceeds in the usual way ‒ a way that is often far from normal.
This is the sixth and final Abi Button cozy mystery romance, taking place in a small English town.

Apple Pie and Follies

An Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance #6

by

Lizzie Lewis ©2020

This eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-76-6

Also available as a paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-912529-77-3


Published by
White Tree Publishing
Bristol
UNITED KINGDOM

wtpbristol@gmail.com

Full list of books and updates on
https://whitetreepublishing.com/

Apple Pie and Follies is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this abridged edition.




Table of Contents

Cover

About the Book

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Chapter 24

Epilogue

What a Friend We Have in Jesus ‒ Hymn 

More Abi Button Books

About White Tree Publishing

Chapter 1

It wasn’t that I was feeling lonely, because obviously Danny was sharing the house and bed. What felt wrong was how strangely empty the house was without Alice and Rupert to chat to and help with the cooking. I expect Julie and Paul Watkins were having much the same experience now that Bethany was married. Not sharing the bed with Bethany of course, but no longer having Bethany and baby Freddie in the house.
Yes, Alice and Rupert’s house was finished at last, and we were experiencing an unexpectedly hot month of June. We saw very little of Bethany and little Freddie now that she was married to Harry and living on the other side of town. But that was about to change.
Brian Warmley, Alice and Rupert’s builder, was just finishing the basement of Creepy Castle. No, I mustn’t call it that now. Brian Warmley and his team have transformed the whole creepy house, getting rid of the smell Old Man Newton left behind. Alice, with input from her husband Rupert ‒ and occasional interference from me ‒ had furnished it throughout with flatpack furniture and cozy carpets.
The iron bars had already been removed from the basement windows, central heating installed, and only a few small jobs here and there needed to be completed to turn it into a completely self-contained apartment, with its own entrance from the back garden for the newlyweds. Then we would be seeing Bethany once again, providing Julie and Paul didn’t monopolise her time completely.
So all was going really well, until Danny was suspended from his job as a junior solicitor with Branks, Davis & Waters, and placed in a cell in the local police station. But more of that later.
Alice and Rupert had invited us round to share some interesting news and join them for a meal. If it had been called exciting news, rather than just interesting, I might have wondered if we’d be hearing the patter of tiny feet before long, so I ruled that one out. And it wasn’t a housewarming party, because it was just the two of us who were going.
It’s only a short walk between our two houses. There is an area of woodland in between, and on the other side of the road a long terrace of brick houses. All these houses were built for workers in the cotton mill that was flattened many years ago and replaced by small industrial and commercial units.
Alice and Rupert’s house is larger than mine, and has stone steps up to the front door. That’s because it has a basement. The house was built for the manager of the cotton mill. Mine was built for a mill foreman, presumably a senior mill foreman, whose place in the employment pecking order didn’t merit a basement. Not even a cellar. But it’s detached, like Alice and Rupert‘s house.
Rupert opened the door to us, and the smell of cooking wafted out. It certainly made a pleasant change from the stink old Isaac Newton had left behind. He had bequeathed the house in his will to his brother’s four children who had lost their parents a few years earlier. When he died, they were in their twenties and early thirties, and scrounging off their uncle.
According to the will, the house was to be sold and the money shared four ways. However, Isaac Newton – obviously not the Isaac Newton – had set cryptic crosswords in his younger days. As well as leaving the house in his will, he left two cryptic clues to a source of great wealth. It was clever Alice who managed to crack both clues. The wealth turned out to be useful, rather than great.
Although not enough to retire on, Alice used the money to buy her siblings’ share of the house, and employ a local builder to sort the whole place out. The old man had become a recluse after the death of his mother, and the state of the inside of the building defies description. In fact, I don’t even want to think about it ‒ especially the bathroom. Enough said.
The money also enabled Alice to get engaged to her significant other, Rupert Forrester, and they moved to my town last year and got married. Alice is a librarian, and quickly found a job in the local college library. Rupert, who’s a car mechanic, got employment in a local independent garage.
Because their house wasn’t fit for habitation, Danny and I invited Alice and Rupert to live with us. We had also just got married. In fact, we had a joint wedding, which turned out to be an extremely stressful event. But our honeymoons were extremely romantic.
Back to the smell of food wafting out through the front door. It wasn’t only Rupert who appeared. With an excited yapping noise, a small brown dog jumped up and down excitedly, taking no notice of Rupert’s strict instructions of, “Down, Beano. Down!”
I’m not really a dog person, and had never considered getting one, but this little terrier – or should I say terror – melted my heart immediately. I was glad I hadn’t dressed up for the occasion, because he was wiping his little paws up and down my jeans.
“He’s gorgeous,” I said, rubbing his wiry head. His hair reminded me of Alice’s. Completely unruly. “Is this the surprise?”
“His name is Beano,” Rupert said. “Some sort of terrier, but no one is quite sure what. He seems to be mostly Norfolk Terrier. And he’s only the first surprise.”
“You have two dogs?” I asked in amazement. “Wherever did you get them?”
Rupert bent down and patted Beano’s head. “Just the one. And you’re quite enough, aren’t you, Beano?” Then he looked up at us. “Beano is only a year old. One of the students at the college was selling it for his mother. She lives in a flat and couldn’t get out enough to give him any exercise. She quickly discovered that Beano has far too much energy to be a house dog.”
Beano looked up at Rupert as though he understood every word. Rupert patted him again. “Anyway, don’t stand there. We’re nearly ready to eat.”
“So what’s the other surprise?” I asked.
Rupert just tapped his nose, and we made our way through the hallway.
Alice was in the large kitchen at the back of the house where she and Rupert had been preparing what turned out to be lamb casserole with root and green vegetables. I took a look out of the back window, just to see how much progress Brian Warmley, their builder, had made in clearing the garden. The old summerhouse that had been used more recently as a shed for storage had gone, and brand-new high wooden fencing surrounded the garden. But generally the area was still a mess.
“What are you doing with the old patio?” I asked.
Alice removed the large casserole dish from the oven and placed it on the kitchen table with a thump. Okay, so this wasn’t a posh meal. Alice had chosen to keep the large dining table and chairs that the old man had left, but reserved them for special occasions. Not that I object to eating in the kitchen. Danny and I have all our meals in the kitchen, unless we want to watch something on television. In that case, we use lap trays and sit together on the sofa in the living room.
“I hope you don’t mind eating in the kitchen,” Alice said. Did she really think we would mind? “There’s a surprise waiting in the dining room,” she explained. Well, she didn’t actually explain anything, because she didn’t tell us what the surprise was.
I was tempted to pop into the hall and take a peek, but of course I didn’t. What, am I nosy?
I could see Alice was excited to share some news, apparently the excuse for the meal, and by the time we’d finished the casserole and cleared the plates, she looked ready to make the big announcement.
“I made an amazing discovery at work,” she said.
Okay, so we definitely weren’t about to get baby news. Not that I’d been expecting it. I know we’d been married for nine months, but I hadn’t seriously expected to find a baby lying in a cot in the dining room. “And?” I said.
“We can either go to the dining room now, or have dessert first.”
Much as I love desserts, especially if it’s Alice’s home-made apple pie, curiosity got the better of me. “The dining room,” I said, without hesitating.
Danny didn’t look so convinced.
I pushed my chair back and stood up quickly, grabbing hold of Danny’s arm. “The dining room,” I repeated.

Chapter 2

Not only had we been all over the house many times, we’d even helped decorate it and assemble the flat pack furniture. So the actual dining room wouldn’t normally have held any surprises. The bookshelves that had lined the walls in the old man’s time had long gone, but I have to admire Alice and Rupert’s decision to keep the old dining table. It is probably early Victorian, or maybe even Georgian. It has weathered from generations of use, but that only adds to its appeal.
The top of the table now had a large sheet of paper on it. It looked like some sort of old map. I went forward to look closely. Yes, more of a plan than a map, and it was clearly hand-drawn in black ink. It definitely looked old. Perhaps as old as the table.
“Alice found this in the college library,” Rupert explained proudly.
I didn’t know if this was some sort of double act, where they would take it in turns explaining what we were looking at. It didn’t matter. All I wanted was to know what all the excitement was about. I mean, how exciting can an old map be?
Danny, using the intellect and perception of a trained solicitor, caught on quickly. “It’s a map of this area,” he said. “Wow, this is fascinating.”
I moved closer, putting an arm around Danny’s shoulder. Even after nine months of marriage I still found his body exciting. A lot more exciting than an old map, I have to say.
“Is there a date on the map?” Danny asked. “I’ve often wondered how old these houses are.”
“That’s easy,” I said. “They’re early Victorian. Everyone knows that.”
“The date is in the corner,” Alice told us, putting a finger delicately on the map. That’s librarians for you, treating printed paper with great care and diligence. “It says August 1801.”
I shook my head. “That’s impossible. Victoria didn’t come onto the throne until the eighteen forties ... I think. Something like that, anyway. This must be a forgery.”
Danny smiled. It wasn’t a supercilious smile, just a gentle one. “Abi, no one is going to go to the trouble of forging a map. What makes you think our houses were built in Victorian times?”
“I just thought ... no, that’s what my dad told me. He was convinced they were early Victorian.”
Had my father really misled me all through my formative years? Did that mean everything he had told me was based on a lie? I laughed to myself. He was the greatest father anyone could have. He and Mum retired early and emigrated permanently to Spain six years ago, after putting the deeds of the house in my name. Lucky me!
“Are you sure?” I asked. “Absolutely sure?”
Alice also smiled. “Abi, we have a lot of old documents in the college library. I’m not an expert on them, but I can assure you that this is a genuine map of the area, drawn in 1801.”
Rupert was ready to back her up. “It’s not just the map that shows how old these houses are. Alice has been studying old bricks.”
“Studying old bricks?” I wondered if I’d heard correctly. “Whoever makes a study of old bricks?”
“I do, for one,” Alice said, laughing. “There are books in the college library for the School of Architecture. You might think a brick is just a brick, but that’s not so. They are like fingerprints. Most of the bricks in this town were made thirty miles away at Cleystowe. That’s why they’re that same dark red colour. That’s how Cleystowe got its name.”
I frowned. I knew the town. “The Cley bit is fairly obvious, even though I’d not thought about it before. It isn’t spelt the same way. But what about stowe? Does that mean red?”
Alice was proving to be a fount of knowledge. Perhaps it comes from handling books all day long. Rupert is good with cars, as he demonstrated by renovating an old Citroen 2CV. Danny is good at legal matters, and I’m fairly good at helping run Button Up coffee shop with Melanie. So, everyone to their own.
“Stowe is an Old English word for market,” Alice explained. “And Cley is indeed clay, which comes from the Old English claeg.” And she laughed, probably embarrassed to be sounding like a geek.
That made sense. “So there was a market in Cleystowe for clay, where they made bricks and pottery. Hence the name,” I said half aloud, before realising I’d said something pretty obvious. But nobody commented on my profound observation, so I kept quiet.
“I’d often wondered where our bricks were made,” Danny said. “I thought they must have come from somewhere fairly local, although they don’t all look exactly the same shape.”
“Machine made bricks are absolutely regular, and were first made in Victorian times,” Alice explained. “I won’t bore you with it now, but bricks started being taxed in 1784, so the brick makers naturally made them larger because the tax was on each brick. The government quickly caught on, and in 1803 started to tax them on size. So the manufacturers couldn’t win, and bricks became more or less the size they are today. You can usually tell the age of English bricks by their size. And the bricks in this road fall neatly into the date on this map.”
I was only half listening. I was examining the map more closely. “Our woodland was much larger back then,” I said. I call it our woodland, because it’s between our two houses. It is, however, open to the public. There’s even a deep pond in the middle.
Alice’s large back garden – actually it’s Alice and Rupert’s back garden now – was shown with its existing boundary. Then I spotted the reason for Alice’s excitement and the second reason for the invitation to the meal. “There’s a well!”
Alice nodded. “That’s what you thought when we were hunting for the jewels of Countess Kerkovski,” she said. “And if you look where the play area is, opposite your house, you can see another well marked. It must have been for the community. So you were right about that, too.”
I remembered suggesting there had been one well for the cotton mill workers, and one for the mill manager, so he or his staff wouldn’t have to line up with the riffraff to fill his bucket. But I had never expected it to be in the play area.
Danny also looked surprised. “Well, I hope they filled it in,” he said, sounding anxious. “Or at least put a secure and permanent cover over it. I wonder if the Council knows.”
When I thought of the families with small children that regularly met there, I shared his anxiety. “I think you’d better let them have a copy,” I said to Alice. “I’d hate to think of small children jumping off the climbing frame and disappearing into the depths.”
It is only small children who use the play area, because older children think the equipment is for babies. And they’re right. The climbing frame, which is shaped like a frog, is so low that there’s zero risk of damaged limbs. The slide is so short that teenagers would be able to fill its length just by lying down, and the two swings have cages to stop small children falling off.
I’ve already told how one teenage girl gave it a go, and got stuck in the cage. The fire brigade had to cut her out, and the whole area immediately became uncool for anyone except parents with small children. The best thing about it are the railings which make it a dog free zone, so parents don’t have to keep watching where their children are treading. The large playground for all ages isn’t far away, so everyone is happy. As long as no one falls down the well.
Alice said I’d made a sensible suggestion, and she would contact the Council, but they were probably already aware of it. “The thing we don’t know,” she added, “is the exact position of either well. As you can see, the word ‘well’ appears in both positions, but it’s not actually marked with a circle or even a black dot.”
“And why is your house called Folly?” I asked, pointing to the word that was also in the back garden.
Alice shrugged. “Who knows? It’s not got that name now, and it’s not one we want to use. At the moment we’re just going with the house number. But we do need to find the well. Bethany and Harry will be moving in shortly. We told them they can have full use of the back garden, and we don’t want Freddie disappearing into the depths ‒ to use your words, Abi.”
“Or one of us disappearing,” Rupert added. He bent down and patted Beano who had been exercising enough self-control not to actually leap up and down for food when we’d been in the kitchen. But his little eyes had certainly looked pleading. “And that includes you, Beano. That’s why we need to find it.”
Alice led the way back to the kitchen. “We wondered if the well was going to be under the old summerhouse, but that was just resting on flagstones, like the flagstones on the patio. We’re determined to find it, even if it means digging up the whole garden.”
I occasionally get good ideas. Some of them are even brilliant. More often, I just get ideas which aren’t even worth sharing. Where they come from I can’t even guess, and certainly most of them are best strangled at birth. But this one was amazingly brilliant. Or, it could be.
“When we were up in the roof looking for the jewels,” I said, trying to keep too much excitement from my voice, in case what I was going to say was met with a groan, “we wondered what the old water tank was doing up there. There wasn’t any central heating, and the water comes from the mains.”
“You’re right,” Alice said. “Brian Warmley thinks the tank predates mains water and drainage, so we were puzzled why it was there. One of us said it might have been filled by a pump from a well. Actually, I think that was your suggestion, Abi.”
Everyone was staring at me. So far, so good. No groans.
“If that was so,” I continued, “there must have been a pipe running from the well into the house.”
“Nice idea,” Alice said, “but it would still mean digging up most of the garden to find the pipe. We wouldn’t even know where it came into the house. We didn’t see one running up from the basement to the roof. Anyway, Brian would have asked us if we wanted it left.”
I shook my head. “No need to do any digging,” I said. “This is where my brilliant, amazingly brilliant, idea comes in. But first, let’s have the dessert you promised, Alice.”

Chapter 3

The dessert was one of Alice’s famous crusty Bramley apple pies, with a choice of ice cream or genuine Cornish clotted cream. Clotted cream is like nectar. Especially the golden crust on the top of a new pot. So I managed to dive into the pot first, and hooked out a large lump. It was soon melting on top of the hot pie. Delicious.
I deliberately took my time, savouring every spoonful of the pie and clotted cream, ignoring impatient sounds coming from Alice and Rupert as they waited for me to share my inspiration. Danny, who was used to my brilliant ideas not always being brilliant, carried on eating calmly.
Eventually, even my patience ran out, and I had to explain my plan. I had no doubt at all it would be received with oohs and aahs of congratulation. Or perhaps frowns and a polite silence.
“Remember when we were looking for Countess Kerkovski’s tiara and stuff under the floorboards?”
Everyone nodded. Even Beano looked alert and ready to hear the rest of my idea.
“And you bought the old metal detector in town.”
The nods turned to frowns. Oh dear.
“I just thought it was obvious what to do,” I said, in mock despair. “The old tank in the roof predates mains water. If the water was pumped up from the well by some sort of electric or petrol motor, there would need to be a pipe from the well to the tank. And since plastic pipes hadn’t been invented back then‒‒‒”
“We’re looking for an old lead pipe,” Danny finished for me, looking smug as though the idea had been his in the first place. He noticed my expression. “Abi, that is absolutely brilliant.”
Danny was sitting next to me, and I gave him a hug. “Thanks, Danny. Now, Rupert, it’s light for another couple of hours. Let’s get searching.”
Rupert shook his head. “We can’t do it this evening,” he said slowly. “Martin at work wanted to borrow the detector. He’s renovating an old motorbike at home, and he’s dropped some small BSF studs in the gravel. Fatal, working on gravel. They’re a special size, and he’s borrowed the detector, rather than trying to replace them. I’ll phone him, and tell him to bring it into work tomorrow.”
Bringing it back from work wasn’t going to be a problem, as long as Rupert took his restored Citroen 2CV, instead of his mountain bike. Some people might call the little Citroen weird, and it was certainly different.
This one was cream, with red seats, and a fold-back canvas roof that needed replacing to complete the restoration. So for now, they kept it on their drive, covered with a tarpaulin.
The lack of the detector didn’t stop us going out into the back garden with mugs of coffee, scuffing around, trying to find marks that would indicate the well, or perhaps a line in the long grass and weeds that indicated a lead pipe – or any sort of underground pipe.
Beano ran around in excitement. The garden was obviously fairly new territory to him, and everything needed sniffing and watering. It was a good thing there were no flower borders yet.
“Where did the name Beano come from?” I asked. “Was that his name when you got him?”
Alice laughed. “It was Rupert’s suggestion. Remember the old Beano comic?”
Did I? Of course I did. It was standard reading matter at school.
“The Beano and the Dandy,” Danny said nostalgically. “But if you’re going to call a dog after the Beano comic, the dog that I remember was called Gnasher. He belonged to Dennis the Menace.”
Oh how the memories came back. I was relieved to know I wasn’t the only one in the garden who had spent my younger years reading comics. Although, by the time I got to my teens, I was reading soppy romances rather than kids’ stuff.
Alice gave Rupert a nudge. “I found you browsing a copy of the Beano in the newsagents the other day!”
Rupert didn’t even look embarrassed. “And why not? I’m going to buy a batch of old copies on the internet, lock myself away, and read every single one.”
Danny, the junior solicitor ‒ aka lawyer ‒ at Branks, Davis & Waters, grinned. “We could have a midnight feast here with ice cream, and lashings of ginger beer, and‒‒‒”
“And Black Forest gateau,” Alice finished, laughing.
It seemed that my husband and our new friends were as crazy as I was. Maybe not, but hopefully well on the way.
Beano barked, as though he didn’t want to be left out. “Don’t worry,” Alice said, “you’re invited, too.”
Beano seemed to be more interested in one end of the old patio than in the prospect of a midnight feast. He started digging away at the soil under it, whining in excitement, and probably frustration. His digging efforts were getting him nowhere.
Until recently, the patio had been edged with large stones. That’s where Bethany’s dad, Nigel Studley, had received his head injury. The stones had now been removed to make a new rockery at the far end of the garden, ready for some fencing to go around the patio for safety. I had yet to learn what the plan was.
I pointed to the patio which consisted of uneven and very old flagstones. “Perhaps the well is under here. You’ll find out when you dig it up to replace these stones.”
Rupert went across and stamped on one of the large flagstones. “They’re too good to scrap, but too uneven for patio furniture. They are also a trip hazard. Brian Warmley’s suggestion is that we leave them alone and he covers them with wooden decking. Then if anyone in the future wants to use them, they can just remove the decking.”
Alice nodded. “And Brian’s going to put some posts and a couple of handrails round, and plastic mesh to make it completely safe for Bethany’s baby boy. Little Freddie will soon be starting to run around, so it’s a win win.”
“As long as he doesn’t fall down the well.” No, I didn’t actually say that. But I did say, “You definitely need to find the well. How about we come up tomorrow and help you search with the detector?”
I was sure they didn’t need help, because only one person could hold the detector. But it would be fun looking.
Rupert laughed. “I’ll work the detector, Abi, and you can use the spade. How’s that?”
“Great suggestion,” Alice added. “I doubt the spade will get very far into this ground. Are you handy with a pickaxe?”
“I don’t mind watching you using one,” I said. “Now, don’t go catering for us again tomorrow. We’ll come here after we’ve eaten, and you’ve got to promise not to start until we’re here.”
Danny looked thoughtful. “It’s going to be deep.”
“What’s going to be deep?” I asked. “The well?”
“The pipe,” Danny said. “Back in the end of the eighteenth century, and even in the early nineteenth, they had seriously bad winters. The ground would freeze for months. I guess the pipe is going to be at least a couple of feet under the ground.”
I gave Alice a friendly pat on the shoulder. “It looks like you’ll be the one using the pick. Better get started on the spinach diet.”
And there we left it for the night. We didn’t go straight home, but chatted about the old map, and I suggested that they named the house either Newtons Folly, or Forresters Folly. Unsurprisingly, the suggestion didn’t get a vote of approval.
I couldn’t help thinking Forresters’ Folly would be an apt choice. To anyone apart from Alice and Rupert, the idea of renovating the old wreck of a house would definitely have seemed like folly.
The sensible option would have been to knock the house down and sell the land as a building plot. Or keep the land, and build themselves a brand-new house on it. But Alice and Rupert had set their heart on keeping the whole area looking original.
I wish everyone on the other side of the road would keep their houses looking original. We all have the old red bricks that I now realised were older than my father had led me to believe. However, several residents have replaced their lovely old wooden doors with modern white plastic ones.
Instead of discussing a name for the house, the talk turned to the basement apartment which was just about ready for occupation.
“Bethany and Harry can move in next week,” Alice said. “It’s just a question of curtains and floor coverings. They already have a cot for little Freddie, and the place they are in now has Harry’s own furniture. We’ve already ordered a couple of flat pack bits and pieces to complete the furnishing, and it’s been promised for delivery tomorrow. Any chance....”
I knew what Alice was hinting. Or, to be more accurate, was about to request. “That’s a job for the guys,” I said. “You and I will go treasure hunting in the garden while they’re enjoying themselves indoors.”
Alice nodded. “Great idea, Abi. But we don’t want them to miss all the fun. We’ll call them out to do the digging if we get any interesting signals on the detector.” She turned to Rupert and Danny. “Is that okay for a plan, guys?”
All Rupert said was that because he had to take the car to work, he hoped it wasn’t going to rain in the morning. He was still waiting for the delivery of the new soft top. And Alice said she’d been joking. Harry was going to assemble the flat pack himself, so we were off the hook.

Chapter 4

The basement of Creepy Castle – sorry, Forresters Folly – had been completely transformed. I recalled with some horror the night we had disturbed a séance down here, and wondered if it would ever be possible to make a decent apartment out of the old basement.
This is the house that as a child and young teenager I imagined was haunted by Isaac Newton’s old mother, who lived on as a zombie or some form of the living dead. We told each other that the bars were to keep the ghostly residents in, not to keep intruders out. Why? I mean, surely no one in their right mind would have wanted to intrude here.
The basement had been a typical space used for storage. The walls obviously matched the room layouts upstairs, to support the walls right up through the house. But only a couple of the rooms had been fitted with doors. Now, there were doors to every room, with a beautiful oak veneer.
“The bathroom is amazing,” I said. “That builder of yours is a genius.”
Alice laughed. “I think Harry had a big input. Don’t forget, he’s going to be living here.”
Harry was one of Brian Warmley’s building team. He had found homeless, single mum Bethany Studley standing outside the empty house, with a tiny baby in a buggy. His heart had melted, and without anyone’s knowledge he had secretly let Bethany in at night to shelter in what was now a smart cloakroom on the ground floor.
The basement door to the garden had two large interior bolts at that time. Bethany would go out walking in the daytime while the builders were on site, and Harry bolted the door as soon as he got to work so as not to raise suspicions from any of the building team. Before leaving for home, Harry unbolted the door so Bethany could get back in with the baby. She then bolted the door behind her for security at night. The system worked well until we discovered Bethany hiding in the house, thinking we’d discovered a ghost.
This was, of course, all highly irregular, and I don’t think Brian Warmley ever found out. But it was all in a good cause, and after much drama with Bethany’s parents and her dreaded Aunt Erica, who had all rejected her, Bethany and Harry got married four months ago at an extremely dramatic wedding in Harry’s local church. And I mean dramatic. Or maybe truly memorable – for all the wrong reasons.
When we discovered Bethany, she was immediately offered accommodation in my road by Julie and Paul Watkins, a middle-aged couple who had no children of their own. Yes, they were missing Bethany and little Freddie now she was married – and so was I. Hopefully Bethany’s father and aunt had left her alone, and stopped putting pressure on her to have the baby adopted.
Bethany had been a single mum, and Freddie, lovely little baby Freddie, was the result of drugged rape by an unidentified man. So, yes, part of me could see where her parents were coming from, trying to release her from the situation she had found herself in, but that was no excuse for shutting her away and trying to force her into agreeing to adoption.
“As you can see,” Alice pointed out, “Harry has made sure that this apartment is finished to a high standard, as is the rest of the house. The door at the top of the stairs to our hallway locks on both sides, but of course the family will be able to come up and see us whenever they want. The double lock is just for security when we’re out. We wouldn’t want anything happening to the four of them.”
“Four? Don’t you mean three?”
Alice shook her head. “They’ve invited Bethany’s Aunt Erica to come and live with them. She’s going to babysit while they both go to work.”
“That’s terrible. She’ll probably eat the baby. Have they thought of that?”
Aunt Erica was the most heartless old woman I’ve ever had the misfortune to come across. She did her best to wreck Bethany and Harry’s wedding. I know Christians should forgive each other, but surely.... I looked from Alice to Rupert, and noticed he was laughing.
“Okay,” I said, “I get the joke. Just three.”
“Four,” Alice repeated. “Bethany obviously hasn’t told you yet.”
“She’s pregnant?” I asked in disbelief. “I know they were talking about it, but‒‒‒”
“Not just talking, obviously,” Alice said.
I shook my head. I noticed Danny was keeping quiet. “She’s only just nineteen,” I protested. “At this rate she’ll be a grandmother twice over before she’s forty.”
“It’s their decision,” Alice said. “Don’t you remember, they said they want company for Freddie, and a child of their own will cement their relationship? You can’t argue with that.”
I knew people who could. Aunt Erica for one. And Bethany’s parents, the self-righteous Valerie and Nigel Studley. Well, the self-righteous Nigel Studley. Maybe the serious head injury he received before Bethany’s wedding had actually knocked some sense into him, because there seemed to be a certain amount of acceptance on both sides. After she ran away, Bethany and her parents didn’t see each until just before the wedding.
“If Harry and Bethany keep going at this rate,” I said, “they’ll soon be taking over the whole house. And then you’ll have to come and live with us again.”
Alice pretended to ignore that, and suggested we went back inside to have another look at the map. Perhaps there was something on there we’d missed.
I explained that I didn’t want to be late. I had to be at Button Up by seven, as it was my turn to take the early shift. My parents had enabled me to buy a half share in the coffee shop in town with Melanie Upton, now Melanie Donovan. And it was because Melanie Upton had now become Melanie Donovan that I had to take my share of the early starts.
Until her marriage, Melanie had been living with her dysfunctional family, and happy to start early, along with our young assistant, Pete Wilders. I used to get in at about nine. The early start is important, because many of our customers pick up coffee and pastries on their way to work. Coffee to go. And our fresh food deliveries arrive soon after seven, so someone has to be there to take them in and refrigerate them immediately where necessary.
Button Up isn’t in the main shopping part of town, so early morning and business lunchtime trade is important. We close on the dot of six, because there are plenty of restaurants in town serving main meals. Our hot specialities are limited to panini, toasties, and quiche, with the occasional hot sausage roll. And soup of the day. So nothing exotic.
As we gathered around the dining table, I almost felt jealous that Alice seemed to know so much about the town she had lived in for less than a year.
“Well done, you,” I said. “I’d no idea a map like this existed. You could turn out to be the town historian. I wish I’d paid more attention to the area while I was growing up. It was only when young Liam Donovan was doing his project on the cotton mill, that I realised how little I knew.”
Perhaps I need to explain that when Melanie married Steve Donovan four months ago, she inherited an eight-year-old boy. Steve Donovan is Liam’s father. So far, all was going well. I gathered that Melanie had excelled herself and helped make Liam a cardboard model of the original cotton mill, complete with a rotating waterwheel. But obviously no water was involved.
Alice picked up the map and carried it over to the window. There was still plenty of daylight outside, and she held it up against the glass. Thinking there might be some magical clue that was about to reveal the position of the well, I hurried across to look, along with Danny and Rupert.
Alice seemed surprised to see us crowding round her. “I was just looking for a watermark in the paper,” she explained. “You can tell the age of paper quite often by watermarks and wire marks where the wet paper pulp was laid out to form sheets.”
Okay, so the paper looked old. I hadn’t realised old paper could be so interesting. Alice seemed to be an expert on paper as well as old bricks. “I thought you’d found something to do with the well, and were comparing the plan with the garden outside.”
Alice returned the large map to the table. “Nothing like that,” she said. I still thought she looked a little wistful about old paper. “I think the only way to find the well is to dig.”
“After we use the metal detector tomorrow,” I added.
Finding the lead pipe, if there was one, was going to be much more interesting than studying bricks and watermarks in old paper. And who knew what else we might dig up in our search for the well? From the way Beano had been frantically trying to excavate at the end of the old patio, the excitable little dog might beat us to it!

Chapter 5

When I got to Button Up on the dot of seven, young Pete was already there. The coffee machine was up to speed, and the long-life food already displayed in the appropriate glass counter cabinets. He really was a gem.
As I expressed my appreciation, Hayley came rather sheepishly out of the stockroom where we hang our black and cream striped jackets with the Button Up logo.
“I hope you two haven’t been here all night,” I said, sounding a bit sharper than I intended. Hayley was still only eighteen, and in full-time college. She came after college and during the holidays to help out, and was on our part-time staff payroll. But only when she was actually working, not just here to moon after Pete.
“No, Abi, no,” Hayley said, blushing. “I came in early just in case Pete needed a hand. Only....” Her voice tailed off.
“...Only Melanie and I haven’t always been getting here on the dot of seven,” I finished for her. “Well, that’s what the marriage bed does for you.” I don’t think I actually added that last bit. But I did say, “Sorry, Hayley. And thanks for coming in.”
I had to believe the girl. She was fully dressed and her hair was combed and pulled back into a ponytail. No one could look like that after a night spent on the floor in the stockroom. Oh, suspicious me.
“I phoned Bethany yesterday,” Hayley said. “It’s a nice day, and this morning she’s going to walk into town with little Freddie in the buggy. We’re going to meet at Glenda’s shop.”
Glenda was the local cat woman who kept a charity shop for cats not far from Button Up. What I mean is, the money raised goes to help stray cats. Some people call it a thrift shop, which is the same thing. Glenda doesn’t actually sell cats over the counter in the shop, as far as I know, but if anyone wants a cat, and Glenda approves of them and is sure the cat will be properly cared for, they can have one. I’ve no idea where the cats are actually stored, but that’s what happens anyway.
It was at Glenda’s charity shop that Bethany first discovered suitable clothes for her age, in excellent condition, and at a bargain price. Having been brought up by old-fashioned parents, and a prehistoric aunt, her clothing had been remarkably drab. The new look was all thanks to Hayley who had taken her there on a budget-priced shopping spree when Bethany was feeling particularly low.
The three of us were more than enough to keep pace with the coffee to go brigade. By the time the early shoppers were coming in for refreshment, Hayley had departed for college.
Melanie turned up looking exhausted. And she really did look as though she had spent the night on the floor in the stockroom.
“You look a mess,” I said. Yes, I can say things before I’m aware of what I’m going to say, but Melanie is a good friend, and good friends can tease each other without causing offence.
Melanie ignored me and went to fetch her Button Up jacket from the stockroom. Melanie is short, and on the heavy side of heavy. I gather from her new husband Steve that she’s very cuddly. It certainly looked as though there had been a lot of cuddles in the night, and I was expecting to hear some details. But not with Pete hanging around, keen to listen in.
“It was just one of those nights,” Melanie said, and offered no more explanation. So frustrating. One of what nights?
“Anyway, I’ve managed to get Liam to school on time,” she added. “It was all a bit of a rush.”
Business was the same as usual, with shoppers coming in early for light lunches. I always reserve the small table in the corner for Danny at lunchtime, and he turned up as normal. It was good that we could meet up like this. I felt sorry for Melanie. Steve works on the edge of town in a large electrical wholesalers. Because Melanie had the car, a tatty old Fiat, Steve rarely came in during the day.
Danny was still finishing his ham and cheese toasty when Hayley appeared, holding the door open for Bethany to push the buggy through. Bethany had a canvas shopping bag hanging from the buggy handle, and she made her way straight to us.
“Glenda asked me to show you this,” Bethany said to Danny, opening the bag.
I could see some baby clothes, and hoped Bethany didn’t think I was pregnant. Danny and I had decided to leave that sort of thing alone for a couple of years, while we settled in with each other. I’m only in my early thirties, and have been assured several times that I have childbearing hips. I assume it’s meant as a compliment.
Bethany reached into the bag and pulled out a large card-backed envelope and handed it to Danny. “There are some pictures in there that Glenda wants you to see,” she explained.
I was about to tell Danny he’d better wipe his fingers, when he jumped up and made his way to the unisex toilet. “Let me wash my hands first,” he said, before I could get a word in.
Well, I’m not exactly renowned for my patience, and my fingers were clean. So I quickly wiped down the table with one of our napkins, and gently tipped the contents out of the envelope. There were three sheets of old paper that someone had sketched on with black ink. The one on top showed an old woman with some sort of scarf or shawl on her head.
At that moment, Danny reappeared. He took one look at the old woman, and said, “Wow.”
I waited for him to say more, but he carefully moved the woman to one side and looked at the next picture. It was covered in pictures of cats in various poses. Some cats were shown in great detail, but the majority were not finished. The final picture showed a sketch of what looked like a German castle.
“Are these from the Art Department at the college?” Danny asked, studying the picture of the old woman again. He held the paper up to the light. “This is amazing. Where did these sketches come from? Has there been an art exhibition recently at the college?”
“Someone gave them to Glenda to sell in the shop,” Hayley said. “There hasn’t been an exhibition of any of this sort of work since I’ve been at the college. It’s a shame they’re not finished. I wonder why not.”
I thought Danny looked quite shaken. Perhaps art does that to some people, but I knew he wasn’t particularly artistic. He’s better at interpreting legal documents than sketching.
He returned the drawings – pen and ink sketches – to the card-backed envelope. Very carefully. “I don’t understand. Why does the cat woman want me to see these? Sorry, I mean Glenda.”
We knew Glenda, but not well. She came in occasionally for coffee to go on her way to open up her charity shop, and Bethany was an occasional customer at her shop for clothing for herself and for the baby.
“It’s like this,” Hayley explained, glancing up at the large clock shaped like a coffee cup above the counter. “Is that the time already? I have to be going back to college.”
“Before you go,” Danny said quickly, “I need to know how Glenda got these.”
But Hayley was already hurrying out through the door into the bright June sunshine.
“I know how she got them,” Bethany said, bending down to wipe little Freddie’s mouth. “Is it all right if I feed Freddie first? I don’t want him getting miserable.”
“I think you’d better tell Danny what you know about these sketches before you feed Freddie,” I said, also looking at the clock and realising that Danny would have to be off in the next five minutes. A solicitor’s work is never done.
“There’s not much to say, really,” Bethany said, bending down to the baby. When I say baby, Freddie was now nearly one year old and would soon be walking. He was already an expert on high-speed crawling, and I knew Bethany wouldn’t risk Freddie getting trampled underfoot by one of the customers as he emerged from under a table. The baby, that is.
Finally, Bethany gave us her full attention. “Very occasionally Glenda gets a donation of something she thinks might be valuable. Even the occasional painted pot can be worth a lot more than the couple of pounds she usually charges. She gets someone called Mr Latimer to check that sort of thing before she prices it up. He’s supposed to be an expert on antiques and collectables.”
“And what did he say about these?” Danny asked, tapping the envelope.
“That’s the thing,” Bethany said. “I don’t think she really trusts Mr Latimer. Occasionally he tells her something is only worth a few pennies, but he gives her five pounds for it ‒ to help the charity. That’s what he says. But Glenda suspects he might be buying good stuff for next to nothing, and selling it for a lot more money.”
“So has he actually seen these sketches?” Danny asked.
Bethany nodded. “He was so quick to tell Glenda they were rubbish, that she was immediately suspicious. She knows who you are, Danny, and she doesn’t know who else to trust. She wonders if they could be valuable, and wants to know if there’s any way you could get an independent opinion. What do you think? Could these pictures be valuable? I hope so. Glenda needs the money for the cats. She has ever so many of them.”
Danny gave a noncommittal shrug. “I’d love these to be by Albrecht Dürer. They’re absolutely his style. They aren’t prints. These are original pen and ink drawings. One offs. Of course, they won’t be by Dürer, even though the paper looks old. I expect someone at Hayley’s college has done an excellent job copying Dürer’s work. They’ve even managed to get hold of very old paper. Amazing.”
“And if they are by Albrecht Dürer, would they be worth any money?” Bethany asked.
Danny laughed. “Enough to feed every cat in England for a hundred years.”
No wonder Danny had said Wow when he first saw them. Dream on, Glenda! Pete came across to see what all the excitement was about, but the sketches were back inside the envelope, and he returned to the counter to prepare a tuna and cheese panini ‒ with red onion ‒ for a customer.
“Bethany,” Danny said, “please don’t say anything to Glenda, but there is an outside possibility that these are valuable. They could have been done by one of Albrecht Dürer’s students. How did she get them? Did she say?”
It was Bethany’s turn to shrug. “I think some elderly woman came in and said her son had gone away and she was clearing his room. She thought the pictures might look good in the fancy frames Glenda sells, especially the one with all the cats. I’ll take them back to her and say not to let Mr Latimer get his hands on them.”
Danny put his hand on the envelope. “Don’t do that, Bethany. Just tell Glenda I find them interesting, and I’m going to get someone to look at them to give an idea of the price she could ask. But whatever you do, don’t mention Albrecht Dürer, because it’s inconceivable that pen and ink drawings by such a famous German artist would turn up in a charity shop for cats.”
“If they are by ... that man,” Bethany said, thoughtfully, “how old would they be? Sort of.”
“About the year 1500,” Danny said. “Maybe the early 1500s. But my guess is that these were done within the past few years by someone here in the college Art Department. But whoever did them, they’re too good to sell in a charity shop.”
“I’ll tell Glenda that you’re hanging on to them for now,” Bethany said.
I gave Danny a hug as he stood up to go back to work. “What are we going to do with them?” I asked. “Bethany is going home after she’s had some lunch and fed Freddie.”
Danny picked up the envelope and held it against his beautiful Italian slate grey business suit. “I’m not sure. Piers Pillinger might be the best person to point me to a suitable valuer.”
“Hold on a moment,” I said. “Alice seems to be an expert on old paper ... and bricks. She can check that the paper is genuinely old when we go hunting for the old water pipe this evening.”
Danny nodded. “That could certainly save a red face. Even so, I don’t want these drawings left here in Button Up. I’ll take them with me to work. Just in case....”
“In case they are by Albrecht Dürer?” I said.
Danny shook his head and laughed. “They won’t be.”
After giving me another quick hug he left us to go back to his office, the large card envelope swinging casually between his fingers.

Chapter 6

I had more on my mind that afternoon then some sketches on old paper. I’m not exactly a Philistine when it comes to art, but I found it hard to get excited about some work that a student had done at the Art Department in the college, probably for an exhibition of Old Masters. Where the old paper had come from I had no idea, and it really wasn’t my problem.
I kept hoping Rupert had remembered to take his Citroen 2CV to work to collect the metal detector for the evening pipe hunt. Also, of course, that he had phoned his friend as promised, to make sure he took it into work.
I had driven to Button Up in our little Kia runabout in order to be at work early. Danny didn’t need it, and the exercise would do him good. That’s only fair, because when it’s my turn to start work at nine, I walk and Danny takes the car. I was thinking seriously about buying a bike.
Even more seriously, for the moment anyway, I was thinking about the possibilities of whatever we might unearth in the back garden of Forresters Folly, as I was now calling Creepy Castle. From the it looked as though Folly had been the original name of the cotton mill manager’s house which Alice and Rupert were now brave enough to inhabit.
Alice texted me just before half past five to say that Rupert had remembered to bring the detector back from the garage, and he was already searching the back garden.
Naturally, I texted back a screaming hot message that he had to wait until we were all there. Alice replied, telling me to calm down because she was only pulling my leg. Some friend Alice was!
It would be daylight until about ten o’clock, and there was no need to rush over as long as Alice kept her word. Another plus was that there were no nosy neighbours to watch what we were doing. Although the wood is open to the public, the new fence is high enough to keep out any unwanted spectators. Everything was looking perfect.
Everything was looking perfect, until Danny returned from work. He broke the news that he had to take the train to Dalchester, where he was due at the courthouse early the next morning to help defend an elderly client who had been misled into signing some important documents. And in case things took longer than planned, he had to pack an overnight bag.
I didn’t complain too much – honestly – and I knew that Danny’s position at work was important. His ambition was to be a partner with Branks, Davis & Waters. But I couldn’t promise him an early night, because we were due at Forresters Folly as soon as we had eaten.
Julie Watkins gave us a wave as we hurried past her small house on the opposite side of the road, but she didn’t seem to want us to stop for a chat. I have to admit I had itchy feet, and I still wasn’t sure that Alice had been joking about Rupert already using the detector in the back garden.
They were waiting for us when we arrived, and we went straight round to the back, not even going through the house. Until recently, there was no gate at the side of the house.
Brian Warmley had now fitted a pair of narrow black steel gates, high enough not to be able to climb over. When both the gates were open, it was possible to drive a small excavator through, and an excavator would certainly be needed to level the ground and remove the old flagstones where the rotten summerhouse had stood.
The grass and general undergrowth was still short enough for us to walk over with the detector, keeping the circular search head as close to the ground as possible. Since it was Rupert’s detector, which he had originally bought to look under the floorboards for the jewellery belonging to Countess Kerkovski, I decided he ought to use it. I also felt sure the detector would be able to find a lead pipe a couple of feet underground.
Beano was out in the garden with us, running around, sniffing here and yapping there. He dropped a small blue rubber ball at my feet, looking up at me expectantly. I brought my foot back to give the ball a kick, and Beano grabbed hold of it. The ball, not my shoe. This wasn’t going to work.
Using all my ingenuity I pretended to kick the ball forward, but quickly kicked it to one side. The little brown terrier raced after it and brought it back, ready for me to kick again. But however hard I tried, he grabbed it before I managed to kick it. Smart dog, there was no fooling him twice. Although what he wanted me to do with the ball wasn’t clear.
“You’re going to have to throw it,” Alice said.
I looked at the little ball. It was wet and slimy where it had been in Beano’s mouth. Oh well, here goes.
Before I could pick it up, Rupert switched on the detector. It let out a loud screaming noise, which set Beano barking frantically, the blue rubber ball completely forgotten.
“I’m going to go across from one fence to the other, left and right,” Rupert said as he adjusted the control knobs, trying to get rid of the noise. “We don’t know where the pipe goes into the house.”
“If it goes into the house,” I thought to myself.
Rupert then proceeded to sweep the detector slowly backwards and forwards, starting at the left hand fence. Almost immediately he got a signal. Whoopee! I think Beano shared my enthusiasm, if his frantic barking was anything to go by.
The signal didn’t continue in any direction when Rupert checked. It was just over one spot. He put the detector on the ground and grabbed a spade. The ground was rock hard after years of neglect, but the resourceful man had purchased a long handled pickaxe in his lunch hour. Alice was a keen gardener, and Rupert whispered to me that he was sure she would find him plenty of jobs to do with it!
Rupert’s muscles rippled as he swung the sharp end of the pick into the ground. Danny also has a great body, but his muscles are more mental than physical, although I made a note that we needed to get some weights for him to use at home.
Just a few inches down, Rupert unearthed a rusty door bolt. “It’s a start,” Alice said. “Keep going.”
Rupert threw the bolt onto the old patio and swung the detector over the hole he had already dug. Silence. That was clever thinking. After all, there could have been a bag of gold in there, as well as the rusty bolt.
About halfway between the two fences, Rupert got another signal. Not so blaringly loud this time. So it was either something much deeper, or something small close to the surface – assuming that’s how the detector worked.
It was something small, close to the surface. From his hastily dug hole with the pickaxe, Rupert removed an old English copper penny bearing the head of Queen Victoria. The date was too worn to read, but the monarch’s head was clear enough, in spite of the dark brown colour resulting from its burial.
Alice rolled her eyes. “Great find. Now we’ve paid for the pickaxe.”
Rupert just grinned. “Better look out the money box, Alice.”
The next signal was also faint. Probably another old penny. Beano came over to inspect, temporarily losing interest in his excavation at the end of the patio. The signal continued towards the house, and towards the far end of the garden. Could this be what we were looking for?
“Go on,” I said. “Start digging.”
Rupert shook his head. “No need to dig. It’s got to be the pipe. What else can it be?”
“Start digging,” I repeated, sounding very patient. “It might be an old steel cable or something.
“Yes,” Alice said, “start digging, Rupert. Don’t be so obstinate.”
Rupert did as both of us had ordered him to do, and swung the pick into the ground.
“Be careful!” I shouted. “Alice, grab hold of Beano’s collar. You don’t want the point of that pick going through his skull, pinning him to the ground.”
Before Rupert could raise the pickaxe again, Alice had darted forward and rescued the little terrier from almost certain death. Only kidding. Beano had quickly lost interest in what Rupert was doing and was back at his own excavation.
“Hold on a moment, Rupert,” Danny said. “Even if it is the old water pipe we’re looking for, it might have mains water in it now. It might have gone to a tap in the old summerhouse. You don’t want a fountain in the garden. Do you know where the stop tap is?”
Rupert said he did, and he proceeded much more cautiously, levering out solid lumps of earth with the flat end of the pickaxe, without actually swinging it deep into the ground. It was the top surface that seemed to be particularly hard, and after a couple of minutes he was able to use the spade.
He looked up in excitement. “It looks like lead. Stand back, I’m going to loosen more of the soil.” He lifted the pick high above his head. We immediately stood well back as instructed.
While Rupert was flexing his muscles, I started thinking about the pen and ink sketches Glenda had shown to Hayley and Bethany in the cat shop. My thoughts were so far away that I couldn’t even remember why we were looking for an old pipe. Oh yes, we were trying to find the well to make sure it was safe, especially for little Freddie when he was old enough to race around the garden. And not just little Freddie, so I had been informed.
An old nursery rhyme popped into my head. “Ding dong dell, Beano’s in the well.”
Alice turned to me. “Sorry, did you say something about Beano?”
That was awkward. “I was just thinking that it’s important to make the well secure. You saw how Beano keeps scratching away at the end of the patio. You don’t want him excavating whatever is covering the well.” I wasn’t going to repeat the nursery rhyme.
At that moment Rupert gave a shout, and we hurried across to see the cause of the excitement.
“It’s definitely an old lead pipe,” Rupert said, pointing into the hole he had just dug. “Definitely.”
Indeed it was. It was a long way down. Just about as far as Rupert’s arm stretched as he brushed soil from the surface with his fingers.
“Now all I have to do is follow the pipe with the detector. Easy.”
Of course it wasn’t easy. After a couple of feet the signal disappeared. Then a couple of feet further on, in the direction in which the pipe seemed to be running away from the house, he got another faint signal. A little further on the signal disappeared again. A little further on again, still nothing. Not even an old copper penny. We were about three quarters of the way down the long garden.
“I guess that’s it,” Rupert said. “I could try following the pipe back to the house.”
There was a slight depression in the ground where Rupert had received the last signal from his detector. Perhaps that meant.... “Move away!” I shouted.
Everyone moved, but Danny moved more slowly. I think he was used to my panicky moments. I noticed him frowning as he looked at me.
“Pipe finishes. Ground sinks slightly. And what are we looking for?”
“Oh ... my ... goodness,” Alice said slowly. “Rupert, stop digging. Now!”
Rupert already had the pickaxe raised above his head.
“Stop digging, Rupert,” Alice repeated, still sounding anxious.

Chapter 7

Rupert rested the pickaxe on the ground by his side. “Okay, we’ve found the well,” he said. “I’m guessing it was filled in, which is why the ground has sunk slightly. Like it does on old graves.”
“Think about it,” I added helpfully. “If you found enough rubble to fill up the well, you’d be topping it up for years as the ground settled. But surely it would have settled years ago, and been levelled off by some proud gardener in days gone by.” 
Alice looked at me. “And?”
I moved clear of the depression. “But if all you did was to put some wooden planks across the top and covered them in the soil, and the planks started to rot and sag....”
Rupert nodded. “Yes, there is that possibility. I’ll start digging at the edge. Carefully.”
Alice caught hold of his arm. “You’re coming back into the house with the rest of us,” she said firmly. “I agree it needs checking, but I don’t want you swinging the pick through an old timber cover, causing half the garden to fall in, taking us with it.”
Rupert grumbled about Alice over-reacting, and I was as keen as Rupert to see if we really had found the old well.
“Let’s be sensible about this,” Alice said. “It’s a job for Brian Warmley to sort out. He’s bringing the digger through to clear the ground. It’s just a good thing we carried out this investigation this evening. I wouldn’t want Harry or one of the other team parking the digger on top of it and disappearing.”
“I suppose so.” Rupert clearly wanted to see what was down there ‒ like now.
Alice didn’t seem to notice. She nodded. “They can use the arm of the digger to excavate the earth and see what’s there.”
Rupert smiled a smile of resignation. “I’d love to be here when they do it. Perhaps we can pay overtime, and then we can watch them after work.”
“Please put that pickaxe down,” Alice said. “We’re going indoors for coffee. And, Beano, you’re definitely coming with us. You’re like Abi. Just a little bit too nosy.”
Why do people think I’m nosy? All I do is express a healthy interest in what’s going on around me. Nothing wrong with that.
Alice put her arm around my shoulders. “And make sure you never change, Abi. You’re lovely just as you are. Your nosiness has got us out of a few scrapes in the past.”
Arm in arm we walked up the steps and through the back door, with our two guys following. “It’s your turn to be nosy now, Alice. You’re the world’s greatest expert on old paper and bricks – or so you’ve led us to believe.”
Alice looked surprised. “I am?”
I nodded. “And the world’s greatest expert at making apple pie, and serving it with genuine Cornish clotted cream.”
“Oh, I can do that all right,” Alice said, laughing. “It just so happens I can produce some now.” She turned to Rupert and Danny. “I suppose you guys would like some, too?”
“Sole reason for coming,” Danny said. “Well, not the only reason. We need your expert judgment on a matter of old paper.”
Alice looked intrigued. “Let me get the apple pie and cream first.”
I quickly shook my head. “You’re going to need clean hands for this. No sticky apple or blobs of Cornish cream allowed. What we’ve got here might be enough for every cat in England to retire on.”
Danny laughed. “Every cat in England to be fed for a hundred years,” he said.
I looked round for Beano. He was already curled up in his brown corduroy bed. Clearly he had yet to enlarge his vocabulary sufficiently to include the word cats.
Danny suggested the dining room table would be the best place to exhibit the contents of the card-backed envelope. He even slipped into the new downstairs cloakroom to wash his hands thoroughly. I think I can take the credit for that room, which had once been just a large windowless cupboard for hanging coats.
One after the other we followed suit. I could see Alice and Rupert exchanging puzzled glances as we went into the dining room.
“All right, Alice,” Danny said, “I’m going to show you what’s in this envelope. I’m not going to make any comment on what’s here.” He looked at me. “And, Abi, please do your absolute best not to say even a single word.” And he grinned, just so we would all know his command came with the greatest love.
The three sheets of paper slid onto the table.
“Are these out of an old book?” Alice asked. “Can I pick them up? My hands are clean. Are you thinking they could be valuable?”
Danny shrugged a noncommittal shrug. He clearly didn’t want to colour Alice’s opinion. “Just tell me what you think you’re holding in your hands.”
Alice turned the sketch of the old woman with the headdress this way and that. Then she held it up to the large central light in the ceiling. Then she held it down again, and examined it closely.
“Well?” I asked.
Alice looked at Danny. “What do you want to know?”
“Look at all three sheets,” Danny said. “Then tell us everything you can about them.”
Once again Alice went through the performance of examining them and holding them to the light. It was as much as I could do not to ask if she thought they were genuine pen and ink sketches over five hundred years old.
“It’s not a trick, Alice,” I said. “If you found them in a box, what would you think you’d found?”
“Well,” Alice said cautiously, “I can see these are original pen and ink drawings and not prints. And the paper looks old. Really old. So I would think I’d found some old drawings done in ink.” She frowned. “Is that all you want me to say?”
“But is the paper definitely old?” I asked impatiently. “Can you buy paper today that’s made to look old?”
“You can, but I’m pretty sure this paper is genuinely old, but I can’t say how old. Hold on a moment.”
Alice ran into the kitchen and reappeared holding a weird sort of flat black pen. “This is a modern adhesive that sets within a few seconds under ultraviolet light. You squeeze a blob onto whatever you want to stick, and there’s a small ultraviolet LED on the other end that immediately sets the adhesive.”
“Sounds handy,” I said.
“It is,” Alice agreed. “I bought it to mend the corner of a favourite picture frame that broke off in the move. You just squeeze it on by pressing the centre of the pen. Here.”
Danny nodded. “That’s a handy device you’ve got there, Alice.”
He hastily moved the three sketches away from Alice, and she laughed. “Don’t panic, Danny. All we need this evening is the ultraviolet light, not the adhesive. Rupert, pass me that letter on the sideboard and turn the main light out, please.”
Rupert, the obedient husband, did as he was told. Alice pressed a button on the side of the black pen, and a small LED on one end lit up bright purple. She shone it on the paper and it glowed a strange blue colour, even though the daylight outside was still quite bright.
“Ever since the nineteen forties, papermakers have used a fluorescent dye to make white paper look brighter,” Alice explained.
“So anything older than that won’t go blue like this?” I asked.
Alice nodded. “Pass me those sheets of paper you brought, Danny. And I promise not to put any adhesive near them.”
Almost reluctantly Danny laid them out again on the table. I guessed he was wary of adhesive dripping from the pen. Alice shone the ultraviolet light on each one in turn. Absolutely no fluorescence.
“So does that prove that the paper has to be pre-war?” I asked. “Doesn’t anyone make paper like this in the old-fashioned way?”
Alice put the pen on the sideboard, well out of the way of the three sketches, and turned the room light back on. “I think they do. Danny, isn’t it time you and Abi told me what this is all about? Are you sure it isn’t all some sort of trick test?”
“Just one more question,” Danny said. “And it definitely isn’t a trick. What school of art do you think the pictures are?”
“I’m no expert on art,” Alice said, “but they’re definitely in the style of the German artist Albrecht Dürer, or one of his school.”
“Just one more question,” Danny said.
Alice laughed. “That’s two questions. You said one.”
“Okay,” Danny said, “two questions. And here’s the second one. Do you think they were done by someone in the Art Department at your college?”
Alice picked each one up and examined them again. “I guess it’s possible. I don’t know where the paper would have come from, because this has signs of considerable ageing, and you can’t easily fake that if the paper is new. Come on, what’s this all about really?”
“You’ll have to tell her, Danny,” I said. “You’re just teasing Alice with all these questions.”

Chapter 8

“Do you know the cat refuge shop in town?” Danny asked. “It’s near the junk shop where you bought the detector.”
“The cat woman’s shop?” Alice said.
Danny nodded. “The same. A woman called Glenda Holdsworth runs it. Bethany was in there with Hayley, and Glenda wondered if these drawings might be valuable.”
“I thought all charity shops have some sort of expert they consult before putting anything up for sale. Well, anything that looks as though it might be valuable,” Rupert said.
“She does,” I chipped in. “Apparently it’s a man called Mr Latimer. But Glenda doesn’t really trust him. She suspects he sometimes dismisses valuable items as being more or less worthless, and then buys them for a fiver, saying he wants to be generous to the charity.”
That brought a sharp intake of breath from Alice. “That’s horrible when it’s a charity shop. So what has Mr Latimer said about these drawings?”
I decided to keep talking. “As far as I can gather from Bethany and Hayley, Mr Latimer’s initial reaction, followed by his quick dismissal, made Glenda suspicious. She didn’t want them lying around in the shop. You know, just in case they happen to disappear. And Bethany said she agreed.”
Alice frowned. “I didn’t realise Bethany was any sort of expert on old pictures.”
“She isn’t,” I said. “Hayley was there as well. I think Hayley suggested that Danny, being incredibly sensible and knowledgeable, might know where to get an independent opinion.”
“Great,” Alice said groaning, “and I’m supposed to be the independent expert.”
“Not at all,” Danny said. “All I want now is an initial opinion, mainly on the likely age of the paper, not the sketches on them. When you showed us the map of this area, you sounded quite knowledgeable about paper.”
“And bricks.” No, I didn’t actually say that. I didn’t want to interrupt what was sounding quite promising. After all, the paper had passed the age test. Or had it?
“Okay,” Alice said, “the paper is probably old. It not only looks old, but it’s passed the ultraviolet light test. So what are you thinking, Danny?”
Danny pointed to the three sheets that were still on the table. “As I see it, there are four possibilities. First, because these three pen and ink drawings turned up locally, someone in the Art Department at the college purchased some paper that was made traditionally without fluorescing dye, to do some sketches in the style of Albrecht Dürer.”
I decided to say nothing. Instead, it was Alice who spoke. “I think we can rule that one out. From the general deterioration of the paper, I would say it’s at least one hundred years old. Maybe several hundred. Next possibility?”
Danny swallowed, almost nervously, as though he was giving testimony in court. “Second, an art student found some very old paper and decided to do some drawings in the style of Albrecht Dürer. Perhaps for a college exhibition of Old Masters.” He thought for a moment. “Actually, there are five possibilities. The third one is what I just said, but the pen and ink drawings were done as forgeries, with intention to deceive.”
Alice nodded. “Either of those makes sense. And a fourth possibility?”
“It’s just a thought,” Danny said. “Just a thought. The paper and the sketches could genuinely have been done around the year 1500 by a student of Albrecht Dürer, as part of his training.”
“I like it,” Alice said, rubbing her hands in excitement. “And I can guess what the fifth one is. But of course that’s ... that’s ... that’s not a possibility at all. It’s not, is it?”
“Is it?” I asked. “Is there any way of telling?”
“It’s all about provenance,” Alice explained.
“I thought you weren’t an expert on art,” I interrupted.
“It’s just something I’ve picked up, watching antiques programmes on television,” Alice explained, although I guessed there had to be more to it than that. “Let’s say that radiocarbon dating, or any sort of tests, show that the paper is old. Really, really old. Early sixteenth century. And let’s even say that each drawing has a signature in the corner that says A Dürer. And the handwriting of the signature matches that on known works by Dürer. The first question any art expert will ask is, where have the pictures come from?”
“Would it matter?” I asked. “Surely not, if the signatures matched.”
Alice raised a finger as though she was about to impart words of great knowledge. It turned out she was. “Clever forgers can fake work by just about any artist. They buy old canvases and old paints with the correct pigments when faking Old Masters. You wouldn’t believe the tricks that go on. So the only certain way a work of art like this can be authenticated is if it’s history can be traced all the way back to the original artist’s studio. Unless you can do that, the item is only listed as ‘in the style of’ if it comes up for sale. ”
“Oh,” was all I could say. If Alice could pick all this up on television, clearly I watched the wrong sort of programmes.
Danny took a deep breath, and carefully slid the three sketches back into the envelope. Perhaps he was still worried about the adhesive. “I still don’t think Glenda should sell them in her shop,” he said. “They’ve got to be worth a lot more than the couple of pounds she was probably thinking of asking. I’ll show them to Piers Pillinger when I get back from Dalchester. He’s the only art buff I know who will keep this matter confidential.”
I remembered the meal at the Pillingers’ house well, including the fright we had all received. “Does he still have those sketches he showed us?”
Danny nodded and gave a wry smile. “He certainly does. I gather he’s still convinced they are by Leonardo da Vinci, but provenance is the problem there, and no expert is prepared to stick their neck out and authenticate them. Anyway, he likes to think they’re genuine, and perhaps they are.”
He turned to Alice. “I won’t tell Piers what you’ve just told us, Alice. I don’t want to prejudge things. But thanks so much for your input.”
“There is another possibility,” I said. I might not be an expert on Old Masters, but my brain was ticking over even faster than usual.
Everyone turned to look at me. I felt myself going red, even though I was among friends. “They could be genuine Albrecht Dürer pen and ink sketches, and it might be possible to prove it.”
“Go on,” Danny said. And he didn’t even sound sceptical.
“If they were stolen from an art gallery or museum, and the art gallery could prove they were genuine, then they would be genuine, and wouldn’t need to be proved to be genuine again. If you see what I mean.”
Danny clapped his hands. Fortunately, he had already put the large envelope back on the table. “You could be spot on, Abi. Just think, the contents of this envelope could be worth, well, millions.”
I was sure Danny was joking about that. Well, fairly sure. “So who do they belong to at the moment? Are they Glenda’s? You’re the legal eagle, Danny.”
Danny nodded. “Thanks for that vote of confidence. If it turns out they were stolen, then they would almost certainly belong to the original owner, or perhaps the insurance company if they had paid out, and the owner had accepted the money in lieu of the drawings. Even that can be tricky at times. Other than that, assuming they were given to Glenda willingly by the legal owner, they belong to the charity shop.”
“But she said the woman who gave them was clearing her son’s room,” I interrupted. “Maybe she had no right to give them away.”
Danny laughed. “How do you think we lawyers make our money, Abi? If these sketches turn out to have any great value, the whole scenario becomes a legal minefield.”
 “And the lawyers have a field day,” I said. 
Danny rolled his eyes. “I think we can rule out theft. If these are genuine Albrecht Dürer originals, it would have been a famous art theft. Surely that sketch of what looks like a German castle would be easy enough to identify if it was a stolen picture. I’m not sure about the cats, but the woman with the headscarf is so typically Dürer’s work. The theft would have been on the news. I can’t imagine that an elderly woman, interested in helping cats, was part of a museum heist.”
“Stranger things have happened,” I finished lamely.
Danny shook his head. “Not that strange, Abi. Can you spare the time to go and see Glenda tomorrow? Whatever you do, don’t even hint that the drawings could be valuable. Tell her I’m looking at them, and find out if she knows who donated them.”
“Brilliant idea, Danny.”
“Of course, a lot of people just drop off a black sack full of clothes and bits and pieces,” Danny said. “But she might know who the woman is. Well worth asking, just as long as you do it casually.”
I took a deep breath. “But just supposing, just supposing it turns out they are genuine pen and ink sketches by Albrecht Dürer. I don’t want them left in our house tomorrow, Danny. You’re going to be in Dalchester and I’m at Button Up all day. And they probably won’t be any safer in the coffee shop stockroom.”
“A good point, Abi.” Danny didn’t sound as though he was humouring me. In fact, I thought I’d probably made him just a little bit concerned. “I’m going to Dalchester on the seven twenty train, but if I take the car to the station I can call at the office on the way and lock them in the safe. Is that good enough for you?”
I nodded. “Sounds good. And you’d better phone Piers Pillinger and make an appointment for us to see him as soon as you get back. Promise?”
Danny promised. It all seemed so straightforward at the time.

Chapter 9

The next day dawned bright and fair, as they say – which as far as I’m concerned means not a cloud in the sky. This was promising to be a beautiful June. Because Danny’s train left early, he didn’t bother to have breakfast. He said he would grab a bacon, sausage and egg sandwich at the station, and disappeared with the car and the envelope containing the drawings. But he did stop long enough to give me a hug and a kiss at the front door on the way out.
I wasn’t due at Button Up until nine, and was able to have a leisurely and much more healthy breakfast on my own, and a leisurely walk to Button Up.
To my surprise, young Liam Donovan was sitting at the corner table with his Nintendo Switch, eating a jam donut and putting his sticky fingers all over the screen. I went across and ruffled his ginger hair.
“No school today?” That was a pretty obvious question to ask, but it was an opener.
“It’s insect day at school,” he said, managing to look away from the screen and smile.
“He means inset day,” Melanie explained. “The staff make plans and have an easy day without the kids. It’s a sort of training day.”
I knew exactly what she meant. I used to love those days. They were usually on a Friday or Monday, which gave me a longer break over the weekend.
Liam wiped the sugar from his fingers after popping the last bit of the donut into his mouth and licking his lips. “Can I have another one please, Melanie?”
Melanie shook her head. “One is quite enough. Maybe a blueberry muffin later –  if you’re good.”
Melanie was Liam’s stepmother now. She inherited the boy, who was now eight years old, when she married his father, Steve. It’s a long saga, but his birth mother had left Steve nearly six years ago for a younger man, and then more recently for an even younger man who didn’t want Liam kicking around the house.
Liam saw his birth mother from time to time, and still called her Mum, which I found lovely. Melanie he just called Melanie. I was pleased about that, and also pleased that Liam hadn’t told Melanie that I’d given him two donuts when I was looking after him during her honeymoon. I wasn’t even sure he had told Melanie that he’d fallen into the river down by the old cotton mill when I was supposed to be looking after him. But that’s kids for you. They tend to do that sort of thing. Well, that’s my excuse.
“Liam, you can come with me later to Glenda’s charity shop for cats. There’s something I want to see her about, and you might be able to find a construction kit or some sort of puzzle.”
Liam pointed to his Nintendo Switch, but said nothing. Perhaps he saw me as an interfering old aunt who believed toys were frivolous playthings, insisting that a growing lad needed to do or make something practical, to enlarge his mind.
Melanie answered for him, and said that was a good idea. Things would soon start to get busy at Button Up, but the afternoon would be a good time to go, because Hayley had promised to come in just after three. I really hoped she wasn’t skipping lectures in order to be with Pete. Those two were certainly close, although hopefully not close enough to land Hayley with a big problem.
It seemed strange not to see Danny appear for lunch as usual. He had phoned earlier to say he’d reached Dalchester safely. It’s always good to keep in touch throughout the day. However, it wasn’t all good news. He had phoned again at lunchtime to say the court case was only just getting underway, and there was a possibility he would have to stay the night.
I know a wife has to support her husband’s work, and of course a husband has to support his wife. Danny always accepted that I sometimes had to go in on a Saturday when it should be my turn to be off, and I assured him that I would miss him a lot if he had to stay on, but understood. And I really did. I hoped I sounded genuine, and told him if he did stay, to be sure to phone me at home in the evening, and again first thing in the morning. And any time in between that he liked.
I felt safe enough at home. We had good locks on the front and back doors. One sensible move I had recently made was to put a strong lock on the back garden gate that led out into the woods. I didn’t even think to do it until Alice had her new fencing, and a back gate with a similar secure lock that needed a high security key.
My own fencing was in good condition, and the holes I had cut in it at ground level to let foxes and other animals come in and out were far too small for anyone to squeeze through. Danny and I often spent time checking the video images on the infrared fixed camera on the back wall of the house which recorded what went on in the garden, day and night.
As well as foxes, we also have the occasional hedgehog and grey squirrel visiting. My house is almost in the countryside. Beyond the woods are some houses built in the nineteen thirties, and beyond them are fields, although there is always talk of the fields being built on.
I think the houses in my road, for the workers at the cotton mill, were built on land that had once been part of a large country estate. The manor house, or whatever it was, had fallen into ruin and been demolished about the time the first cotton mill had been built, and some of the land was bought by the mill owner. His own house was a mansion, built out in the countryside some distance away. Clearly he didn’t want to be associated with his workforce. It was the house the Pillingers now occupied.
Again, I realised how little I knew about the history of this area. Alice, the newcomer, was way ahead of me there. Now that she had found the old map, perhaps we could get our heads together. She obviously had access to old documents in the college library.
And thinking about old documents, I noticed how few people there were in Button Up at that moment. I told Liam to put his Switch in the stockroom, and come with me to the cat shop.
“Are we buying a cat?” he asked. “Does Melanie know?”
Melanie, who obviously had sharp hearing, came round from behind the service counter. “Would you like one?”
Liam thought for a moment. “I’d rather have a dog.”
Melanie shook her head. “We aren’t allowed dogs in our flat. I think we might manage a cat. But don’t buy one today, please. We need to see what Daddy says.”
At that, Liam seemed impatient to be going. He ran to the stockroom to hide his Switch, and then to the unisex toilet, and was soon ready to go with me to Glenda’s. Remembering an earlier problem I’d had with Liam, I was glad he had visited the toilet before coming with me.
At the age of eight he was clearly too old to hold my hand, although I did take hold of it a couple of times to cross the road. The charity shop was in the less salubrious part of town, near the wedding shop where Alice and I had made our disastrous wedding preparations.
I noticed that the property was still empty, both the downstairs showroom and the upstairs living accommodation. Even the For Sale sign looked sad. As far as I knew, the owner had not been traced. And Melanie was still waiting to hear if she would get any money from her Italian ex-boyfriend’s bank accounts.
Some charity shops, or thrift shops, can be smart and can almost be confused with regular retail shops. Glenda’s was rather rundown, but at least there was no strong smell of cat wee in there.
“Where do you keep the cats?” I asked as soon as we were fully inside and starting to chat. I thought it best not to go straight in and mention the three sketches.
“I’ve got a special place for them at home,” Glenda said. “Are you looking for one today?”
Liam nodded. I shook my head. Glenda stood expectantly.
“This is Liam,” I said. “I’m not his mother, but his stepmother is thinking of getting a cat. His stepmother and I are the owners of Button Up coffee shop. I know you come in sometimes for coffee on your way to work.”
“Have you tried the donuts?” Liam asked.
Glenda laughed. “I’m more of a muffin fan,” she said.
“Oh, the muffins are good too,” Liam assured her. “Especially the blueberry ones. When are you coming next? I’ll keep one for you if you come this afternoon.”
The last thing I intended to do was to shut Liam up. We had totally broken the ice, and Glenda wouldn’t suspect the real reason for the visit was part of an investigation into whether the sketches were worth millions. As if!
“Go and look at the games and puzzles,” I said to Liam, giving Glenda a smile. “Anything that isn’t electronic with a screen,” I added.
While Liam went to browse, I pretended to look at the clothing. Then, very casually, I turned to Glenda who was watching. “Bethany and Hayley weren’t exactly sure how you got the pictures that you wanted my husband to look at.”
I could see Glenda looked nervous. “This elderly lady came in with a lot of clothes. She also had a leather briefcase to donate. Mr Latimer was here at the time looking at some porcelain, but he scarcely glanced at the briefcase. I opened it to check there was nothing inside. I always do that with handbags and things, just in case the donor is giving something they didn’t intend. There were some sheets of blank paper in there, but when I pulled out those pictures, Mr Latimer saw them. He immediately hurried across for a close look.”
“What did he say?”
“That’s the thing. He tried to dismiss them as being just scraps of paper someone had been using to make some sketches, but I could tell by the way he was handling them, and breathing hard, he thought they were something special. So I thanked him for his opinion, put them back in the briefcase with the other papers, and said I’d sort them out later.”
“So he didn’t look at the sketches closely?”
“No, but he then said he was looking for a leather briefcase just like that. He said it was good quality, and would I take twenty pounds for it there and then? I’ve never asked that much for a briefcase before, so alarm bells started ringing in my head. I didn’t know what to do, so I told him to come back when I’d logged it into the inventory.”
“What did he say?”
“At that moment a customer came in, and he didn’t say anything more. Although I’d put those pictures back in the briefcase, I had second thoughts and took them out after Mr Latimer had gone. Now listen, this is suspicious. Half an hour later a man I’ve never seen before comes in asking if I’ve got any briefcases. He spots the one behind the counter and says it’s exactly what he’s looking for. He opens it and sees some of the papers inside, but doesn’t bother to examine them. How much is it? Twenty pounds I say, more as a joke. To my surprise he hands over the money and disappears like lightning.”
“Is that when Bethany and Hayley turned up?”
Glenda nodded. “I gather Bethany was married recently. The first time she came here she was seriously in need of new clothes.”
I laughed. “She certainly got a more up-to-date look when she came here with her friend Hayley. Hayley works part time at Button Up.”
Glenda nodded, looking worried. I didn’t know Glenda that well, so I thought perhaps she always looked like this. Could it be the stress of looking after so many cats and trying to find homes for them?
“I’m so glad you’ve called in,” she said. “I think I could be in trouble.”
“Trouble?”
“The woman came back later in the day. The son hasn’t just gone away, he explained he’s been locked away. On a two-year prison sentence. And not the first one, either. She’s just started selling some of his things on the internet. When she got back from here yesterday, the police turned up and told her she was selling stolen property. Obviously, stuff stolen by her son.”
That certainly put the cat among the pigeons, to coin an appropriate phrase for the charity. “And I suppose she wants the drawings back to give to the police.”
Glenda shook her head, hard. “That’s the last thing she wants. The police immediately started searching her house. She told me she had no idea if the pictures were stolen or not, but every stolen item they find probably adds a month to her son’s sentence. She told me to destroy those pictures in case they were stolen, but please don’t bring them back here, Abi. I don’t want to be accused of handling stolen goods. Tell your husband to destroy them.”
I shook my head. “I don’t think we should do that. They might be worthless, but Danny thinks it’s just possible that they could be extremely valuable. It would be crazy to destroy them until we know their value.”
Glenda didn’t seem convinced. “This charity has a clean reputation. Just tear them up into little bits and put them in the bin ‒ or burn them. Please. To be honest, I don’t even know who the old woman was, so I couldn’t tell the police who donated them.”
I nodded. “Let’s see what my husband has to say about it. All you did was accept them as a donation. He’ll make sure you’re not in trouble for receiving them, even if they are stolen. And he has no intention of selling them. You don’t even know that the son has stolen them. They might have been handed down in the family and be perfectly legit – or just some sketches that were made recently and of no value at all.”
“Please,” Glenda said, “do whatever your husband thinks best. But don’t come back here and involve me in any way at all. Mr Latimer came back in the afternoon, asking if I’d sold the briefcase as he wanted to have a look at the pictures. I explained I’d taken them out before selling the briefcase, and given them to someone from Button Up for safekeeping and valuation.”
I smiled. “Well, if he comes in the coffee shop, he’s not going to get them. My husband has already locked them in the safe at Branks, Davis & Waters. If it turns out they are stolen, I’m sure he’ll be able to return them to the legal owner without involving you. And there might even be a reward for you.”
I was puzzled. Glenda had said the woman who brought them in found them in her son’s room. I was picturing a man perhaps in his early twenties. But Glenda had also said an elderly woman.
“How old is the son, do you think?”
Glenda shrugged. “The woman who brought them in was in her seventies. So her son is probably in his fifties.”
“And he was still living at home?”
“I don’t think so. It’s just that she found some things he was storing in his old room.” Glenda explained. “She told me she’s selling the house and going into sheltered accommodation, and the son has been storing some of his stuff there. She advertised some of the things on eBay that looked worth selling, but when she opened the briefcase and found the pictures, she didn’t think they were worth much. She thought I’d be able to sell the briefcase and put the pictures in frames and sell them in the shop. Apparently she’s keen on cats.”
Before we could get into further discussion, Liam appeared holding a huge shabby box containing some sort of plastic construction kit. It wasn’t Lego, but something more complicated that needed screwing together with plastic nuts and bolts.
“That looks interesting,” Glenda said. “What are you going to make with it?”
Liam smiled. “I’m going to make a kennel ready for my cat when I get it.”
I was anxious to get out before Glenda made me swear a legally binding oath that Danny would destroy the sketches immediately. So I paid for the construction kit, and Liam promised Glenda he’d be back with Melanie and his dad to choose a cat. He also reminded her how good the blueberry muffins are at Button Up.

Chapter 10

As we walked back to Button Up, I looked at Liam who was holding the construction kit as though it was a most precious thing. When I thought about it, it was probably more valuable than three modern pen and ink sketches on old pieces of paper!
I couldn’t phone Danny straightaway, but I knew he would be phoning me as soon as the business at the court finished for the day. I wondered what he would do when I told him that Glenda wanted the sketches destroyed immediately.
Being an upright citizen and solicitor, he might feel obliged to do it. On the other hand, providing we didn’t involve Glenda and the charity shop, he might be inquisitive enough to at least see if they were of any great value.
Perhaps if they were valuable, and not stolen, Glenda could sell them and use the money for the charity. And if she could track down the donor, maybe go halves.
If the sketches had been stolen a long time ago, would the police even know? It was all a mystery, and I quite like solving mysteries. Even better, I love solving cryptic crossword puzzles, but I couldn’t see anything cryptic about this. I doubted that “Albrecht Dürer” was some sort of anagram. I could see “cat bred hurler” if I was looking for something to do with cats, but his name wasn’t even on the sketches. Pull yourself together, Abi.
Back at Button Up, Liam didn’t even go to the stockroom to get his Nintendo Switch. Instead, he sat at the small table in the corner of the café and started to screw various pieces of his construction kit together. I tried to see what he was making, because he didn’t have the instructions open on the table.
“What is it, Liam?” I asked.
He was so busy trying to tighten a nut that he didn’t even look up. “Don’t you remember? It’s a kennel for the cat I’m getting.”
Melanie came across and pulled me into the stockroom. “Good choice, Abi. Something that needs hands rather than the brain for once.”
I shook my head and smiled. “It needs hands and the brain. Apparently he’s making a kennel for the cat you promised him.”
“Not really,” Melanie gasped. “I didn’t exactly promise.”
“As good as,” I said, teasing my Button Up co-owner. “He’ll be heartbroken if you don’t get one.”
Melanie sighed. “I’ll have to see what Steve says. I don’t think he’s allergic to fur.” She smiled. “Actually, I think it will be company for the kid. We’ll get a ginger one and it can sleep in the bed with him. Then I won’t know whose head I’m gently patting on my way to bed!”
After five o’clock things usually go fairly quiet, and we always close on the dot of six. Liam’s cat kennel turned out to be a dinosaur. Or maybe that’s what it looked like when he finished making it, and he decided that’s what he’d made. Anyway, the construction kit kept him out of mischief, aided no doubt by the blueberry muffin he’d been promised.
Danny still hadn’t phoned by the time we cleared up and washed everything down, I didn’t want to disturb him, so I sent a text saying I had important news on the sketches.
Almost immediately my phone rang. That was quick! But it wasn’t Danny. It was Alice, telling me to hurry back because Harry had gone home on his motorbike to fetch Bethany and Freddie in the car. He was going to work the digger, and was refusing to take any overtime payment, because he was as keen as Alice and Rupert were to see if we’d found the well. I added my own name to that.
Because Danny had the car, I asked Melanie if she could drop me at Alice and Rupert’s, even though our places are in opposite directions. I explained what was happening, and of course Liam wanted to stay and watch the excavation. He thought there might be bones. Human bones, presumably. Or perhaps dinosaur bones.
So Melanie phoned Steve to explain what was happening, and Steve said it wasn’t a problem. He was swinging by the DIY store on the way home to get some paint for the living room. Without Liam in the way, it seemed like a good occasion to get started on the painting.
I made sure the shop door was securely locked, and we had only just left Button Up in Melanie’s old Fiat when my phone rang. It was Danny, and he sounded apologetic.
“The court case never really got going today,” he explained, after breaking the news that he would definitely have to stay overnight. “It was chaos. The prosecution didn’t even have all the papers. Because we’re the defence, we suggested that wasn’t an obstacle to the trial. Unfortunately, the judge didn’t agree. Anyway, I can promise it will definitely be over tomorrow. The judge said categorically that there could be no more delay.”
“That’s good,” I said. “It sounds as though the impartial judge is on your side.”
Danny laughed. “That’s what we’re banking on. Did you get to see Glenda?”
I didn’t want to discuss the sketches with Melanie in the car, and told him it was all rather complicated. I said I was getting a lift home in Melanie’s car, and I’d phone him after we’d finished searching for the old well.
Clever man, my husband obviously realised Melanie would be listening, and guessed I must have something important to say. Once again he apologised for having to stay away for the night. Once again I told him not to worry, these things happen. Even so, I didn’t relish a night on my own. The bed felt so lonely at night.
Harry already had the engine of the small excavator running by the time Melanie dropped me off at what I was calling Forresters Folly. When I say she dropped me off, she dropped herself and Liam off at the same time. Liam was insistent that he watched. I couldn’t blame him. Bethany and little Freddie were there, and he clearly didn’t want to be deprived of a front row view.
I noticed that the baby’s hair was much darker now, and was well on the way to being a match for Bethany’s black hair. Bethany said she hadn’t been aware of it, and I guess it’s easier for other people to notice changes in children than it is for the parents who see them every day.
The gates to the back garden were already open as Harry drove the small excavator on caterpillar tracks through in a series of lurching moves. I just hoped he could control it when he got near the depression where we thought the well might be.
I then realised that the ground was very uneven, so the blame probably wasn’t Harry’s at all. Alice directed him to the edge of the depression. However, it was obvious Harry had already sussed out the landscape, and he pulled to a halt well clear of the edge.
He told everyone to move back as he raised the arm with the bucket over the edge of the depression. Then he lowered it, and cautiously scooped up some of the soil. He signalled to us to go forward to examine his handiwork. Quite honestly there was nothing to see, apart from noticing that the soil was slightly darker in colour than that on the surface. Whether that indicated anything significant, I had no idea.
Harry drove the excavator forward just a small amount, and took up another scoop of soil. He swung the arm and dumped the contents on the ground next to the first load. Once again we all went forward to look.
“It looks like I’ve uncovered some timber,” Harry said. “You need to stand well clear and I’ll take out a bit more soil.”
Bethany started to panic. “Harry, are you sure it’s safe?”
I wasn’t sure if Harry could hear his wife above the noise of the engine, but he smiled and waved to her to move further back still. Well, Harry was the expert, so we all felt we should follow suit.
The digger lurched as it moved forward again on its tracks. It was obviously difficult to control with any precision. Harry then lowered the arm with the bucket, and once more dragged some of the soil away. None of us needed to be an expert in timber to see what he’d uncovered.
“It’s the top of the well!” Liam shouted. “Hurrah!”
Someone always has to state the obvious. I was glad it wasn’t me this time.

Chapter 11

We stood on the old stone patio to watch from safety as Harry proceeded to uncover the old timber planks that hopefully covered the well. I was going to say that we’d all had a lucky escape whenever we’d stood in that depression, but I was leaving it to Liam to state the obvious from now on. But he kept quiet. I don’t think he’d even realised we could have been in any danger while wandering around the garden.
Harry lay flat on his stomach close to the edge of the planks and picked up a small stone. There was a gap between two of the planks where the timber had probably shrunk with age. He dropped the stone in the gap, and a couple of seconds later he nodded.
I’d not heard anything, but he seemed satisfied. He stood up. “Definitely the old well. I reckon the stone hit the water a bit over a second after I dropped it. That makes it over ten metres deep.” He laughed. “That’s more than 30 feet, to you oldies.”
I hoped he was joking. How old did he think we were?
“That’s only approximate,” he added.
“Near enough, I’m sure,” Alice said, making no comment at all about the ageist comment. I decided to stay silent, because it had clearly been said tongue in cheek. I hoped.
“A good thing it didn’t give way when we were standing on it,” I said. I really had to stop myself saying obvious things. Come on, Liam, that’s your job now.
“What do you want me to do?” Harry shouted above the noise of the engine. “I don’t mind staying on.”
If it was me, I’d get the planks up so I could lean over and look down. I felt certain Liam would give the same advice.
Alice turned to Rupert. “We can’t leave it as it is.” She had to raise her voice. Harry noticed, and cut the engine.
“Harry,” Rupert shouted, caught out by the sudden silence, “I think you should clear as much soil from the timber as you can, but leave it in place. I’m sure it won’t collapse in the night. We’ll organise Brian to get some large sheets of chipboard or plywood to cover it for safety as soon as the timber has been cleared. And don’t worry, we won’t be letting Beano have a free run of the garden until everything is secure.”
“What are you planning to do with the well?” nosy me asked. Sorry, curious me. No, that doesn’t sound right either. Anyway, I asked the question, irrespective of what the motive might be behind it.
Alice shrugged. “We’ve not really thought about it. We didn’t even know for sure there was a well. I’d like to see it with a wall built around it, like a Jack and Jill well in the nursery rhyme.”
“Complete with an old bucket on a rope?” I asked.
Alice nodded. “Of course. I know some people put imitation wells in their gardens as an ornament, but this would be the real thing. We could get water for the garden if there’s water rationing. We might even be able to boil the water and drink it, if it’s not too yucky down there.”
“As long as Freddie can’t fall down,” Bethany said quietly.
“It will definitely have a secure cover,” Rupert promised. “We don’t want Beano falling in, either.”
At Rupert’s mention of Beano, we all looked up at the window of the kitchen where Beano had been shut in for safety. He was standing on his back legs, peering over the sill, whining pitifully. I could understand why Alice and Rupert wanted him to stay safely indoors.
“He may want to do his business,” Rupert said. “He might as well come out as long as he’s on his lead. I’d hate there to be another accident in the house.”
Another? They’d not told me about that. Not that I wanted to know the details. So while Rupert went to fetch the little dog, Harry continued to scrape the earth off the planks with the bucket on the arm of the digger, without applying too much pressure.
I’d expected Beano to start barking frantically at the digger as Harry continued to clear the soil. He didn’t seem to be the slightest bit interested. He strained at the lead until he managed to drag Rupert to the end of the patio, where he continued his own excavation.
“Is he digging for dinosaur bones?” Liam asked.
Alice laughed. “I think he’s jealous of Harry. He wants to carry out an excavation of his own.” She bent down to pat Beano. “You carry on, little dog. There’s no danger of you falling down the well if you keep digging there.”
It took Harry nearly half an hour to clear the soil from the timber. It had a permanent sag in the middle, but fortunately didn’t give way. If Alice and Rupert intended to use the well, they certainly wouldn’t want a load of soil and timber lying at the bottom. I found it interesting that there was still water down there, so obviously no one had tried to fill it with rubble.
“I wonder if this well is contemporary with the house,” Alice said. We’d gone inside, where Alice offered us coffee and soft drinks. “I’m sure you know, Abi, that all this was part of the Northcott Hall estate, right back in Elizabethan times.”
I knew it was part of some old estate, but I wasn’t going to admit how little I knew. Not in front of everyone. At some stage I intended to quiz Alice about her discoveries on the history of this part of town.
I just nodded. “So you think this well might be part of the whatever Hall estate you mentioned?”
“Northcott Hall,” Alice said, almost absentmindedly. “I can’t wait to get the timber off and examine the sides of the well. I should be able to tell how old it is, by the type of bricks it’s lined with.”
I’d imagined that wells were cut down through solid rock, and didn’t need to be lined with bricks. Anyway, I wasn’t going to expose my ignorance.
Harry left the digger where it was in the garden and removed the key. He came indoors to join us, leaving his work boots at the back door. He seemed glad of the offer for coffee, but Bethany said it really was time to be getting back, because Freddie was feeling hungry. So with a strong warning not to go near the old planks covering the well, Harry and his family disappeared.
Melanie and Liam said they also had to be going. I made my way back into the garden, and Alice and Rupert joined me, with Beano on his lead.
I noticed Rupert kept looking at the timber covering the well. I guessed what he had in mind. I looked at him and grinned, and he nodded. Obviously I’d got it right.
“We’ll have to wait until it’s dark,” he said to me quietly.
Alice came across. “Now what are you two hatching up?”
“Abi’s had an idea,” Rupert said.
“Nothing to do with me,” I said quickly. “I think Rupert has an idea. Go on, tell us, Rupert.”
Rupert grinned. “I can’t let Abi take all the blame, but I think we both had the same inspiration. Harry managed to drop a small stone through the gap between two of the planks.”
Alice shook her head. “You want to drop another stone? Why?”
“No,” Rupert said. “I want to shine my hand lamp down there, through the gap.”
“Exactly what I had in mind, too,” I said.
Rupert had been using a handy LED inspection lamp when he was working on the Citroen 2CV. It would be perfect for seeing what was at the bottom of the well.
Alice clapped her hands, almost letting go of Beano’s lead as the little terrier tried to make his way back to his favourite excavation. “Great idea.” She thought for a moment. “It’s not going to be properly dark for at least two hours. You’re welcome to stay, Abi.”
I’d already explained that Danny was stopping overnight in Dalchester, and Alice said, “We haven’t eaten yet, and I’m sure you haven’t. Come on, keep us company for the evening. Who knows what we’re going to find down the well when it’s dark? And, Beano, stop pulling on the lead. There’s nothing for you at the end of the patio.”

Chapter 12

Forresters Folly, as I was now unofficially calling Alice and Rupert’s house, still felt strange. Pleasant, but strange. I remembered the first time I came inside this house. Old Isaac Newton had died some time before, but his disgusting habits had made the whole place ... well, disgusting.
The new kitchen was retro in style, but with brand-new appliances. There had been a huge gas cooker that I would have loved to have kept if it was my house. But apparently the gas engineer said there was no way to make it safe, and it had to be condemned. Shame about that.
“I’m glad Harry and family are moving into the basement apartment,” I said.
“This is a much more suitable place for a small child to grow up,” Alice added. “Bethany hasn’t got a job yet, but she wants to be useful, even if she isn’t paid. The poor girl was never trained for anything. Her Aunt Erica saw to that. Didn’t want her mixing with the world, as she put it.”
I made a face. Bethany’s aunt had a lot to answer for. “I gather Bethany’s getting some support money from Social Services for little Freddie. It’s not as much as she was getting before she married, but clearly she’s much better off with a husband. I wonder what sort of job she could do.”
Alice nodded. “I know Pastor David would like to help, but Bethany’s so much part of the church she goes to with Harry that I’m not sure how it would work out. She and Harry have even wondered whether they should change churches, but I persuaded them not to. Harry grew up there, and everyone knows and accepts Bethany. It must have been tough admitting to being a single mother with a child with an unknown father.”
“I wouldn’t want to go to any church that turned its back on me,” I said. “Anyway, it’s a great church. What sort of work does Pastor David have in mind?”
Alice went to look out through the kitchen window. It was still light. Hardly surprising, with June the longest month of the year for daylight. “I’ve been thinking about the church groups that are going to start meeting here in the daytime. If we have a Mums’ group, Bethany could look after the little ones in the basement flat. We would leave the door to the basement open, and I’m sure the other mums will take it in turns to stay with her.”
“That would work,” I said. “Good thinking, Alice.”
“What can you tell me about the Northcott Hall estate?” Alice asked suddenly. “You’ve lived here since birth, Abi.”
I had to admit I knew very little about the local history. There was a cotton mill built in the late seventeen hundreds that was powered by a waterwheel. I knew it was replaced by a much larger cotton mill powered by steam engines. It was closed in the nineteen twenties, bombed during the Second World War, and the land was now used for commercial buildings and small workshops. But I guessed Alice already knew all that ‒ and probably a lot more.
“Come into the dining room,” Alice said. “I’m still studying that map I borrowed from the college library. I’m thinking of making it part of an exhibition. Some of the students will help set up the displays. We can make it open to everyone in town. The local newspaper is sure to give it some publicity.”
I was keen to see the map again. I was getting a better feel for the area than perhaps I had ever had. “Lead on,” I said.
Rupert stayed in the kitchen, preparing whatever it was we were having for our evening meal. It smelt good.
“It says here that this is the proposed plan for domestic dwellings for the employees of the cotton mill,” Alice said, pointing to the box drawn on the map which contained several other details. “As far as I can see, the proposals were carried out exactly as on this plan.”
I moved forward to examine the map closely. “The field the other side of the woods is shown as Downleaze, and it wasn’t built on until well over a hundred years later. The houses are from the nineteen thirties, and I can see now why the two roads are called Downleaze East, and Downleaze West. It’s interesting how these old field names have lived on.”
Alice tapped the area that had become her large back garden. “It looks as though we can now fill in the exact position of the well. I’m still not sure about the word Folly. I’m not convinced it was the name of this house.”
I didn’t like to confess that I was already calling the house Forresters Folly. “I don’t see what else it could be.”
“The clue might be in the Northcott Hall estate. From the beginning of the seventeenth century, landowners built what they called follies. They could be small Roman temples, or pretend hermit dwellings, or even stone towers. Anything quaint and romantic harking back to the Italian Renaissance version of ancient Greece and Rome.”
I looked at the map more closely. “So why isn’t the folly on here if there was one, and it isn’t the name of the house? Just imagine, Alice, if you had a replica Roman temple in your back garden.”
Alice grinned. “We could open it to the public and charge admission. It would certainly help pay for all the work that Brian has been doing. I know I inherited Uncle Isaac’s money, but I allowed my two brothers and sister to take me for a bit of a ride when I bought their share of the house.”
“I thought you went along with it,” I said in surprise.
“I did,” Alice said, thoughtfully. “I really felt guilty that I was the one to crack the cryptic clues. I felt sorry for them. Indeed, I still do. So I’m not complaining, just observing.”
I felt angry with Alice’s siblings. Richard, Michael, and Esther, in that order of age ‒ with Alice coming last, and made the family slave. Their parents died in a boating accident when the siblings were in their late twenties and early thirties, and until then they had enjoyed a good lifestyle without needing to work.
When their parents were killed, not only were their lives uninsured, but they left behind substantial debts. It was only their father’s brother, their Uncle Isaac, who kept them going with generous handouts. They kept up the begging until one day Uncle Isaac decided he’d given them enough. That’s when he told them to take a running jump and find work – probably not in those exact words.
“Tomorrow,” Alice said, “I’m going to put flowers on Uncle Isaac’s family grave.”
I’d never thought about where he was buried. “Here, in town?”
“It’s in the old part of the cemetery. He’s buried in a small vault with his mother, and his grandmother Countess Kerkovski from St Petersburg. I think there might be more Newtons there, but the tombstone isn’t complete. I paid to have Uncle Isaac’s name added, as he was the last of that family line.”
“Well, make sure the sun is shining when you take the flowers. Don’t go at midnight.”
Alice frowned. “I know you’re always joking about my uncle, but surely he didn’t really have a sinister reputation. Did he?”
I put on a pretend shudder. “You weren’t brought up here, Alice. We kids swapped scary stories, mostly about his mother, until we used to wake up at night in terror. Anyway, don’t let me put you off going!” 

Chapter 13

I thought back to last year when Danny and I had first met Alice. She and her siblings had broken into this house to try and crack the clue before the official starting time. Apparently they had made an agreement to share the money equally if one of them found the answer in advance. It wouldn’t have helped them much even if they had found it. The clue turned out to be the first of two, and the second one was even more tricky.
“You did well meeting Rupert back in your hometown.” I was going to say he’d been the making of Alice, but that wouldn’t have been true at all. Alice had revealed an inner strength that her siblings had managed to keep shut down.
“I remember the first time Rupert came into the library,” Alice said, sounding a little wistful. “Something drew me to him. He managed to come in every day for something or other, and needless to say he needed constant help.” She smiled. “Of course he did. He was a lot more reserved than he is now, but one day we got talking and he invited me to church. It was a strange offer of a date, because I didn’t go to church.”
“And you went, just like that?”
I could see Alice blushing slightly. “I was nearly thirty, and he was the first man ever to invite me out. My brothers and sister always told me no one would want me, so I might as well stay home and look after the house. I actually believed them. Why, I simply can’t imagine now.”
“What happened in church?” Alice hadn’t told me much about meeting Rupert.
“Our parents had hardly ever taken us to church,” she said. “Are you sure you want me to go on?”
Did I! “Of course.”
“I blamed God for our parents’ death,” Alice said quietly. “I think we all did, but I was the only one who really thought about God. I even tried to ask him about it. You know, why he’d let it happen? So I agreed to go to church with Rupert, even though it wasn’t the sort of first date I had in mind. We sang the old hymn, ‘What a Friend We Have in Jesus.’ I expect you know it.”
I certainly did, and I hummed the first couple of bars to prove it.
“When we sang the verse about troubles coming, just out of the blue I wondered if Jesus was the answer. People were invited to go forward for prayer. I knew Rupert could tell I was moved. He was looking at me as though he wanted me to go, but no way was I going to the front. I mean, this was my first time there. I certainly wouldn’t have gone to that church without Rupert. I convinced myself I wouldn’t fit in.”
“That’s sad,” I said. “I’m sure no one in the church was going to think worse of you if you had gone forward for prayer. They’d have been pleased.”
Alice smiled a rather sad smile. “I know that now. Okay, I was silly. I just didn’t understand what was going on. I asked Rupert to stay with me after the service and pray for me. I’m sure you can guess what Rupert said.”
I nodded. “He told you that you needed to pray to Jesus yourself.”
“He did, but of course he helped me find the right words. So I asked Jesus to forgive me for all my past, make me his own, and never turn me away.”
I could see tears in Alice’s eyes, and I was sure she could see tears in mine. She had not opened up like this before.
“Was it so hard to tell me that, best friend?”
Alice grabbed the tissue box from the sideboard, and passed me one. “The past is hard to talk about,” she said softly. “I’m carrying a lot of baggage, Abi. I know it’s all in the past, and the past is forgiven. Washed away. But memories and guilt keep coming back to haunt me. I find it hard to love my siblings, even though deep down I think I do love them. No, I know I love them, in spite of the way they often treated me.”
Before I could offer any counselling – me, the counsellor? – Rupert came to tell us he thought it was probably dark enough to peer between the old wooden planks.
I promised Alice that we’d talk about this later, and we went into the garden, with Rupert carrying the bright LED hand lamp. Beano was left behind in the kitchen, whining miserably, but at least he had a good view from the window.
Lucky dog. He wasn’t in danger of tumbling headlong all the way to the centre of the earth. Or to be slightly more accurate, tumbling ten metres to a watery grave. I should have told Danny what we were doing. At least he’d know where to find our bodies. 
“Whatever you do, don’t step on the old wooden planks.”
That warning from Rupert was completely unnecessary. What did he think I was going to do? Jump on them and dance a jig? I could tell from the way Alice was looking at me that the same thoughts were running through her mind. As if!
Rupert went first, lying full length on the ground and sliding forward until his head was level with the gap between the stones through which Harry had dropped the small stone. He looked back. “Do me a favour, both of you,” he said. “Catch hold of my ankles, just in case disaster strikes.”
Of course, when Rupert said that, Alice started to panic and told him not to even try. Well, if he wasn’t going to do it, I certainly was – with or without anyone holding my ankles.
Anyway, we caught hold of Rupert’s ankles and he rested the lantern face down over the gap, and peered through what must be an even smaller gap with his left eye.
“Well,” I asked impatiently, “what can you see?”
Rupert wriggled his way back far enough so we could let go of his ankles. “To quote Howard Carter in Egypt in 1922, I can see wonderful things.”
Of course I didn’t believe a word of it. “And seriously?”
“Look for yourself, Abi. I’m not telling.”
I didn’t need a second invitation. Rupert had left the lantern shining through the gap, and with my ankles now being held firmly I made my way forward. “Wow,” I said, “Egyptian treasure indeed.” I shuffled my way back. “You’re going to love it, Alice. The walls of the well shaft are covered in Egyptian hieroglyphics. Your turn.”
Alice was definitely the most cautious of the three of us. She kept asking if we really had tight hold of her ankles. I thought she would have known, by the pressure we were putting on them with our grip. Anyway, she said she’d seen enough after a couple of minutes, and made her way back, carrying the hand lamp.
We then discussed what each of us had seen, or thought we’d seen. It turned out that all we’d seen was the lantern reflected in the water a long way below.
“Water’s a good sign,” Rupert said. “It means there’s not a lot of junk down there. If Brian has a ladder long enough, we could go down. Or maybe I could make a rope ladder. What do you think, Alice?”
Alice had to think for a moment. “I suppose if we could get hold of a ladder, you could have a rope round your waist for safety. And you’d need a helmet. Once the planks are removed, all the bits of soil and stones around the edge will fall in. Let’s talk it over with Brian in the morning.”
“You’re right,” Rupert said. “It’s not going to be easy building a Jack and Jill wall around the well without lots of stuff falling in. I’d like to get down there first. I’ve read that all sorts of interesting things are found at the bottom of old wells.”
“Apart from bodies?” That was my contribution to the discussion.
Alice clapped her hands. “Time to go in. Beano is going frantic. He obviously thinks he’s missing out on something.”
“And I’ve got to get home,” I said.
“Would you like a lift?” Rupert asked.
I thanked him, but was quite happy to walk. After all, I’d walked this way many times as a child and teenager, and not once been attacked by werewolves and zombies – although I recently got the feeling that a bear was about to jump out. No, now that Creepy Castle had become Forresters Folly, I didn’t feel the slightest bit uneasy.
Well, perhaps just a bit.

Chapter 14

I made it safely home to a lonely night in our large king-size bed. But I woke up feeling refreshed, which was just as well. I was on the early shift for Button Up, and needed to leave home at six thirty because I didn’t have any transport.
Perhaps the second-hand shop where Rupert had bought the detector would have a suitable bike. I felt sure Rupert would do any necessary repairs, using his garage skills to tune it to perfection.
The June morning was bright and cheerful, and already the air felt warm. This really was my favourite time of the year. Hot days were perfect for business at Button Up. On hot days people came in for cold drinks in our air-conditioned coffee shop. Milkshakes were a great favourite. Cold winter days were also good for business, even though I wasn’t so keen on them. Customers came in for hot drinks, at the same time getting the benefit of our warm environment.
Danny phoned to wish me good morning while I was walking past several rows of houses built in the twenties and thirties. Just about everyone seemed to be proud of their garden, and they were a joy to see. Inevitably, some owners had turned their front gardens into parking spaces as I got closer to the centre of town.
I told Danny to be sure to get back today if at all possible, and of course we expressed our undying love for each other as we said goodbye. 
There was one corner shop open early until late, but every other small shop had been turned into domestic dwellings or offices. As I walked, buoyed up by having heard Danny’s cheerful voice, I wondered just what life was like here when my parents were young. And especially for my grandparents whom I had never known. With the advent of supermarkets, everyone’s shopping habits changed dramatically.
I’d heard stories from old people of waiting patiently and gossiping while the grocer sliced bacon, weighed out sugar, and cut butter from a large block for each customer. When I thought of the impatient queues at the supermarket checkouts today, I wondered what life would have been like for me if I’d been born fifty or sixty years earlier.
I was still reminiscing about a world I had never known, when I reached Button Up. I’d hoped to get in before Pete Wilders, to impress him. I knew he was never late, but it was now only ten to seven, and the door was slightly open. I made a note to remind Pete to keep it locked until we opened officially at seven for our to-go customers.
I locked the door behind me, and left the Closed sign showing. I don’t like customers fussing to be served when the coffee machine and grill are still warming. No sign of Pete. He was probably in the stockroom changing. In that case, I wasn’t going to burst in on him.
“Pete, it’s me,” I called out.
We’d been told at school that the correct grammar is, “It is I,” but that sounds ridiculous in this day and age. Well, it does to me, and I’m sure it would do to Pete. Not that he answered.
So I went to the stockroom, and noticed the door was wide open. Stuff had been pulled off the shelves. The place was a complete mess. And there was no sign of Pete. Nor was he in the unisex toilet. Yes, the door to that little room was also wide open.
At that moment I heard the outside door open and Pete’s cheerful voice call out, “Wonder of wonders, you’re in before me, Abi.”
I went back into the main café area. Less of a wonder was the fact that Pete had Hayley with him. I knew they both lived at home with their own parents, so they must be really keen on each other if Hayley could get up early enough to meet Pete in town. Well, I had to give them the benefit of the doubt. And having met Hayley’s parents, I was pretty sure I was right the first time.
“Don’t touch anything,” I said quickly. “It looks like we had a break-in. You didn’t come back later in the evening, did you, Pete?” That was an outside possibility.
Pete shook his head as he stared around the café.
“I was last to leave,” I said. “I know I locked up. Anyway, the stockroom is in a mess. I’m going to phone the police. We need to check what’s missing.”
Pete went round to the stockroom, being careful not to touch anything on the way. He was soon back. “Everything important still seems to be there. It’s just that a lot of it’s on the floor. What about the cash?”
I’d not thought of that. We have a small, inexpensive safe under the counter where we keep the money overnight. We don’t take much cash anyway, as most of our customers pay by card, usually contactless. The door to the small safe was open, and the safe was empty.
The police said they would be on their way, but when I told them all that was missing was a few pounds in cash, I got the impression they weren’t treating it as a matter of great urgency.
When Pete and Hayley heard this, they said we might as well open for business. There were already two of our regular customers waiting outside the door. I had to agree, but told them not to touch the safe under any circumstances. If there were going to be fingerprints of interest, that’s where they would be, not on packets of biscuits and things.
So we switched on the coffee machine and grill, and opened for business. Hayley offered to stay and help tidy up the stockroom, but said she had to be at college by nine. I thanked her, and of course offered to pay her for her time. From Hayley’s expression, it looked as though this was her lucky day.
It occurred to me that our tenant upstairs might have heard something. There is living accommodation and a single office above the café, occupied by an elderly accountant called Mr Jennings. When Melanie and I bought the two-storey building for our café, it came with the upstairs apartment which was already let. The monthly rent isn’t great, but it does help out. There’s a separate entrance and staircase, and Mr Jennings might possibly have been disturbed in the night and seen someone acting suspiciously outside.
The fresh food was just arriving as I nipped out to ring his doorbell. Pete and Hayley said they would deal with it. Mr Jennings’ outside door has an intercom, and when I buzzed it and explained who I was, he said without his two hearing aids he was almost totally deaf, and naturally he took them out at night to be sure of getting an undisturbed sleep. Well, it was worth a try – and he obviously had his hearing aids in now.
Melanie turned up at nine o’clock as usual, and was concerned to see a police officer making notes. By this time, the stockroom was back to normal and we were busy. All the officer did was write a few things down, and say a technician would be in to dust the safe for fingerprints. He also pointed out that the lock on the outside door had been forced and was now inoperative. I’d not realised that. We would need to get a locksmith before going home.
I could see why the officer wasn’t particularly interested. This was hardly a smash and grab. Pete had worked out that there would have been less than twenty pounds in the safe. Even so, it was money lost, and we didn’t even know how much the locksmith would charge for a new lock. We would also have to discuss some sort of alarm, and maybe even a camera surveillance system.
It made me sad to think that we’d been targeted by some casual thief, probably after money for drugs. Then it occurred to me that we might have been targeted deliberately. Mr Latimer’s name came to mind. The officer had gone by this time, and I wondered whether to phone the number he had left with us, and give him the story of Glenda and the old sketches. I shrugged. What was the point? Plus, Glenda had insisted we didn’t involve her.
Both Melanie and Pete had been here when Bethany and Hayley had brought the sketches back, so they knew all about them. Their view was that it would be best to see what Danny had to say before worrying the police about it. Well, I was worried enough myself, never mind about worrying the police.
I couldn’t get in touch with Danny. He was probably already in the courtroom giving evidence or whatever he was there to do. I knew he’d ring at lunchtime, so all I could do was wait until he gave us his expert advice. And of course it would be free. That’s the advantage of being married to a young lawyer.
Being married to Danny brought other advantages, more personal than legal. I really hoped he’d be back to share the bed with me tonight, and not feel too tired for a bit of romance.
In fact, the day would have ended well if Glenda from the cat charity shop hadn’t written a stupid note.

Chapter 15

The locksmith came in mid-morning to fit a new lock and repair the damage. That was less expensive then we’d anticipated. He also advised us to get a stronger safe if we were going to keep cash on the premises. Melanie said it was best to save the money, and the last person to lock up should take the money from the till home with them, as it was so little value.
I didn’t use the locksmith Danny had used for old Mr Newton’s house. That stupid locksmith had given duplicate keys to Alice and her siblings, enabling them to get in and make a search before the official time to crack the cryptic clue – and do a considerable amount of damage to the furniture that they had inherited anyway, looking for hidden compartments.
He also gave us a reasonable quote for a simple alarm system. Pete, who had been listening, said something about locking the stable door after the horse had bolted, and I replied that lightning really could strike twice in the same place ‒ if we wanted to trade old sayings.
The locksmith, a man in his mid-forties, also quoted for a surveillance camera. He seemed surprised that we didn’t have one anyway. He said he could fit one that would run twenty-four seven, so it would sort out any possible trouble between the customers when we were open, as well as seeing anyone who broke in at night.
I felt his second point was probably more valid, as we had never yet had a punch-up between customers. Or between customers and staff for that matter. Then I remembered the fight between Pete and Signor Rocco. Oh well. Anyway, if we had the two jobs done together, Melanie and I agreed the job was affordable. The locksmith also pointed out that our insurance might cost us less.
We’d forgotten about our property insurance. I realised we should have informed our insurers immediately we discovered the break-in. Well, it probably wasn’t too late to do it now. They might even cover the cost of the new lock and damage to the safe.
I was on the phone to the insurance company, pleading urgency rather than insanity being the reason for going ahead to get the lock changed before informing them, when I noticed the police officer had come back. This looked promising. Perhaps they’d already caught Mr Latimer, or whoever it was Mr Latimer had asked to break in at some time during the night.
I finished the phone call and smiled at the officer. “Good news?” I said.
The expression on his face gave a subtle hint that he had not come to share good news. Nor had he come for a cup of our amazing coffee.
“We need to talk somewhere privately,” he said curtly. Good word that, curtly. It turned out to be a lot better than the news he brought.
“I believe you know Glenda Holdsworth.”
“Is that Glenda who keeps the cats’ charity shop?” I asked brightly, still not sensing any problems with the visit.
The officer nodded. “I don’t suppose you know where she is.”
It was more of a statement than a question, and of course he was right. I didn’t know where she was. I shook my head. “Why are you here, exactly?”
“You are Mrs Abi Wells, the co-owner of Button Up? Correct?”
I nodded. “I used to be Abi Button. That’s why my name appears in the name of the coffee shop. Button Up. Melanie Donovan was Melanie Upton until recently. Her name is the Up part.” I couldn’t think why I was offering all this information. Perhaps I was subconsciously playing for time. Time for what?
“Ms Holdsworth is wanted in connection with handling stolen goods, and your name and your husband’s name have come up in connection with our enquiries.”
Something told me this wasn’t good news. The last thing Danny needed was an association with handling stolen goods. So I decided to play the innocent party. “Stolen goods?”
“We had a call this morning in connection with Ms Holdsworth. She keeps all her cats at home, obviously in special enclosures. Her friend Morgan Harris comes in during the morning to look after the cats while Ms Holdsworth is working in the shop. Morgan alerted us to say that the cats had not been fed this morning, and there was no sign of Ms Holdsworth. Perhaps you can throw some light on it.”
Melanie had come into the stockroom with us, but she asked to be excused and disappeared back to help Pete with the customers.
“I know she was all right yesterday. I went to see her, and took Melanie’s little boy with me. He bought a construction kit. We definitely paid for it.”
I knew I was rambling. The officer clearly wasn’t here about a construction kit. It had to be the three pen and ink sketches.
“The friend gave us the keys to the shop, and there was no sign of Ms Holdsworth.”
I breathed a sigh of relief, which I hope wasn’t detectable. “I’m still not sure why you’re here. As I said, we only bought a child’s construction kit.”
“Ms Glenda Holdsworth left a note.”
“Yes?” I couldn’t see where this was going.
“The note said she had passed some stolen goods to your husband. Be careful what you say. Your statement may be used in evidence.”
I smiled, as I had yet to digest what the officer was saying. “I take it you’re talking about some old sketches. Yes, Danny wondered if perhaps they were stolen, because he thought they could be really valuable. He has locked them in the safe at work. Danny is a solicitor with Branks, Davis & Waters. They’re a big legal firm in Jubilee Street.”
The officer nodded. He was already writing things in his notebook. “I see.”
I waited while he wrote something else. I mean, surely he wasn’t....
“I take it your husband is Mr Daniel Wells.”
I nodded, even though I rarely heard him referred to by his formal first name.
“And where is Mr Wells now?”
I smiled, a rather forced smile. I didn’t like this line of questioning. “You won’t be able to speak to him now. He’s in Dalchester. In court.”
I realised I could have put that better, and the officer picked up on it immediately. “Why is he in court?”
“He’s working for the defence.” Then I laughed. I couldn’t help it. “You surely don’t think he’s there on trial, I hope.”
The officer wrote something again, and muttered, “We’ll see.”
If he’d been using a pencil, I’m sure he would have licked the point, as the police do in old black and white films. “And where are the stolen pictures currently? Do you have them on these premises?”
“Hang on a moment,” I protested. “Glenda Holdsworth thought the pictures might be valuable, but she certainly didn’t say they were stolen. Okay, I think she became a bit suspicious, and was afraid she might be accused of handling stolen goods. Let me see the note. Do you have it with you?”
I felt I was being backed into a corner. For all I knew, the officer was making stuff up, as they do in detective programmes, claiming they know more than they really do, in order to get prisoners to admit their guilt. And Danny and I weren’t guilty of anything.
The officer opened his phone and showed a picture of a handwritten note. It was far too small to read, and as soon as I leaned forward to examine the screen he switched the phone off.
“So what are you going to do now, officer?”
“You will be needed at the station later to make a statement, Mrs Wells. I’m off to pay a visit to Branks, Davis & Waters. In the meantime, you are not to attempt to take custody of those drawings again. This is now a police matter. Do you understand?”
I nodded. “Yes.”
As the officer left Button Up, I pulled out my own phone. The officer hadn’t said I couldn’t get in touch with Danny. I would have to send him a text, marked urgent. I had to discuss this with him as soon as possible. He needed to know that the police believed the sketches were stolen, because it seemed Glenda had written a note to say they were.
What would Mr Waters have to say when the officer visited? Mr Waters was the partner supervising Danny. Even worse, what would Mr Branks have to say? He was a crotchety old man who was long overdue for retirement and didn’t seem over-fond of Danny.
Well, I supposed things could be worse. As long as Mr Branks didn’t find the sketches in the safe, I couldn’t see there would be a problem.

Chapter 16

Danny phoned me just before two o’clock. He said he couldn’t talk for long, but he’d already had a call from work. “It was Mr Branks who phoned me. He said something about me being involved with a criminal inquiry. Do you know what it’s about, Abi?”
I certainly did. I explained about Glenda going missing, and the note she’d left apparently saying the sketches were stolen.
“That doesn’t make sense,” Danny said. “Glenda only wondered if the sketches were stolen, because the elderly woman who donated them was so anxious for them to be destroyed. So why would Glenda call them stolen in a note and then do a runner?”
“I’m going straight to Alice and Rupert’s when I leave here. What time does your train get in?”
“Just after six, as long as we can wrap everything up here. The next stopping train is two hours later. That’s the problem with having a station in a small town. Most of the trains whiz straight Craidlea. What’s happening at Alice and Rupert’s?”
“I want to see what progress there’s been on the well. Let me know when you’re safely on board the train, so I know when to expect you back. Okay?” After a bit more chat I ended with, “Love you. Bye.”
Danny sounded quite relaxed about the news, and I assumed he knew what he was talking about. He assured me he’d phone as soon as he was onboard, and again when he was safely back at Craidlea station. With those happy promises to hold onto, I set to work with a will to keep our Button Up customers happy.
I’d been right about hot days being good for business. Our air-conditioning made sure the coffee shop stayed beautifully cool, and gasping customers ordered cold fizzy drinks and milkshakes. And of course cakes and pastries to go with them.
Melanie brought Liam back from school, and I was amazed to see how far he’d got with his construction kit. Melanie had kept it in the back of her car during the day, and the first thing Liam did was to go to the corner table and lay everything out.
The dinosaur had been significantly rebuilt to look more realistic – perhaps with his father’s help – and it had found a small partner. Liam informed me it was the big dinosaur’s pet dinosaur. I decided he must have realised that cats don’t live in kennels. It was possible he’d forgotten all about getting a cat, and I certainly wasn’t going to remind him. Instead, I congratulated him on his skills.
“I’m going to be an engineer when I grow up,” he told me, looking up from where he was tightening a plastic nut. “I sort of got interested when I was helping Rupert with his 2CV.” He thought for a moment. “Rupert said it’s French for two horses. What sort of horses? It has an engine.”
Amazingly, I knew the answer. “You know car engines are rated by horsepower?”
Liam nodded. “I don’t think our Fiat has many horses. It’s ever so slow ‒ except when Melanie is driving.”
“Well,” I explained, “horsepower of engines today isn’t measured the same way as it used to be. So Rupert’s 2CV only has the power of two horses, using the old-fashioned measurement. The French for horse is cheval. And two horses is deux chevaux. Chevaux is the CV bit, although I think Rupert said it’s actually nine, in spite of the name.” I wasn’t only confusing the kid, I think I was confusing myself at the same time. “Anyway, it’s a quaint way of naming a car.” 
“Yes, it is a quaint car,” Liam observed. His ginger haired head was already bent over the next fixing. “Rupert is going to take me out in it for a drive with Alice. Are they your special friends?”
I nodded. “Apart from you, Liam.” That reminded me. I didn’t want to be late back and miss whatever was happening with Harry and the old well. If I waited to get a lift from Melanie, I wouldn’t be back until after six. If I left now and walked, I could be back by half five. I decided to walk.
Trade was already dropping off for the day, and Melanie said she and Pete would cope just fine. She told me I looked rather depressed. Was it bad news because of the interview with the police officer? I tried to put on a smile and gave a quick denial. But I knew she saw through me. Yes, I decided this could be bad news, especially now Mr Branks was involved.
Somehow, the walk home didn’t seem as cheerful as did coming. Maybe it was the heat, but more likely it was a feeling of impending doom. Of course I’m exaggerating. But I did feel a bit uneasy. Danny had phoned to say he was on the train, so I knew I wasn’t facing another lonely night.
If Danny was questioned about the sketches, I knew he would speak up for himself, and of course we’d done nothing wrong. All Danny did was offer to get the sketches valued, and he’d locked them in the office safe for safety – just in case there was an absolutely outside possibility they really were by Albrecht Dürer.
I was glad I hadn’t locked them in the small safe at Button Up, and that was probably the reason for the break-in. Mr Latimer had a lot to answer for!
Well, Danny was a solicitor. So why didn’t that make me feel better?
As I approached Forresters Folly I could hear the engine of the small excavator running. It sounded as though it was actually doing something. I hurried round to the back garden, and was relieved to see that all Harry was doing was levelling what had been an old rockery.
Alice said she loved rockeries, but this one wasn’t in the right place, right under one of the oak trees on the edge of the wood. So Harry was picking up the rocks in the bucket, and dumping them in the new place.
As soon as Alice saw me, she signalled to Harry to join us. “Time to uncover the well,” she said. Then she looked at me closely. “Bad day, Abi? Missing Danny?”
I shrugged. I know best friends are there for sharing problem and worries, but I didn’t want to spoil the opening of the well for the first time in, what, nearly a hundred years? Maybe much longer.
“I’ll tell you later, Alice. Come on, let’s see what’s under those old planks.”
Alice pointed to two large sheets of thick plywood that rested beside the old patio. “Brian bought those. He was having a delivery anyway, and managed to get them on the load. I’m paying, but you can’t put a price on safety. He says once the old wooden planks have been removed, we have to put the plywood sheets on straight away. In the morning, he’ll remove them and examine the area to see what’s needed to make a Jack and Jill surround, complete with a little roof and a winding wheel with a bucket on the end of a rope. It should be really picturesque.”
I turned round. “Is Beano safely indoors?” I’d neither seen him nor heard him.
Alice laughed. “I had to shut him in the front room. He was in the kitchen, but as soon as the digger started, he was getting hysterical. I’m only going to let him out in the garden this evening, as long as the sheets of plywood are firmly fixed in place. He’s got a habit of digging under things. At least we don’t have to worry about him disappearing into the woods now we have the new fencing. I’m sure not even a fox could get over it.”
I laughed. I was already feeling better in the company of my best friend. “You don’t really think your six-foot fencing is going to keep foxes out, do you? They’ll scramble over that. No trouble at all.”
Alice looked surprised. “I didn’t realise. I hope Beano will be safe. I was expecting to let him have a free run of the garden in the daytime.”
I shook my head. “Foxes don’t attack dogs. They don’t even attack cats, unless they’re desperately hungry. They hunt for small species. Mice and rats.”
Alice shuddered. “At least we don’t have rats. Not that I know of.”
I pointed to where Harry was already lifting the first plank. “There are probably a thousand rats at this moment at the bottom of the well. They will be ever so excited to see daylight. I think we ought to stand well clear before they burst out like a black river.”
Alice took no notice. “Brian says the planks are oak, and he doesn’t think we’ve been in any great danger while we’ve been wandering around the garden. His suggestion is that we clean the planks off, and use them to make the frame for a raised bed somewhere in the garden to grow flowers. A sort of feature.”
I nudged Alice. “It will go well with the Jack and Jill theme. A Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary, feature. Let’s see what other nursery rhymes we can come up with.”
Before either of us could think of one, Harry had removed the first plank. No sign of any rats. Not so far. “Brian suggests we put them on the old patio for now,” he called out above the noise of the engine. “We don’t want them in the way when we rotavate the garden.”
That made sense to me, and from the thumbs up from Alice and Rupert it obviously made sense to them. I wanted to go and take a peek down the well shaft, but Alice, guessing my intentions, held me back.
I checked my phone while I waited for all the planks to be removed. No missed call. The train should have arrived by now. Danny had promised to phone me from the station, to let me know all was well. He’d be excited to learn what we were doing, and I’d tell him to drive straight here to Alice and Rupert’s.
I slipped the phone back into the pocket of my jeans, and Alice pulled me back again as I moved forward.
“No news on Danny?”
I forced a laugh. “He phoned to say he was on the train, so I know he hasn’t found another woman in Dalchester. I expect the train is late arriving. Some sort of hold up on the line. Let’s not worry about Danny. I want to look down the hole.”
“Wait until Harry has dragged all the loose stuff away from the edge,” she said. “We don’t want too much soil falling in.”
That also made sense, so I exercised even more patience, something I’m not especially good at. Eventually the area was clear. The loose soil and stones had been scraped away from the edge, although a fair bit had fallen in during the process. Harry asked Rupert to give him a hand with the plywood sheets.
“Let me look down first,” I called out, my patience now exhausted. “Rupert, get your lamp. Please.”

Chapter 17

Harry shook his head as I went to lie down on the loose soil near the edge of the well shaft. “Wait, Abi. If the soil gives way you’ll fall in headfirst and break your neck.”
Okay, I had to agree that was certainly a possibility, although I felt Harry could have put it a bit more subtly. I waited while he and Rupert brought the first sheet of ply across. They laid it on the soil, with just a small amount overhanging the shaft. They fetched the second sheet and laid it exactly on top, presumably for extra strength.
“Now, watch how it’s done,” Rupert said.
He lay on his stomach and inched forward until his head was over the edge of the plywood sheets. The sheets were much wider than the mouth of the well shaft, and with such a small amount overhanging the shaft, the front didn’t bow significantly when he lay down.
Harry passed him the lamp, and Rupert spent an annoyingly long time staring down. Alice insisted on going next. Fair enough. She was the one who had bought the house, even though it was now in joint names with Rupert.
Like Rupert, she spent an annoyingly long time with her head hanging over the void. Eventually, and it was a long eventually, she shuffled back and stood up when she was well clear.
“So?” I asked. “What pearls of wisdom are you about to dispense?”
Alice laughed. “Great pearls of wisdom. Those bricks are much older than the house. This well was definitely here when the house was built. And I’ll tell you another pearl of wisdom. The water table here is really low. This well must have taken some serious excavation. So why was it dug here?”
I couldn’t resist saying it. “To get water out.”
“Yes, but why?” Alice asked. “There wasn’t a house here until mine was built. Northcott Hall was nowhere near. The water table would be the same anywhere around here. It’s bad enough digging a deep well, without expecting people to have a long trek to get water for the big house.”
The answer to that seemed fairly obvious. “Because there were houses here, but they’ve all gone now. That’s why they’re not shown on your old map. Yes?”
“Possible,” Alice said. “I still need to do a lot more research on the land. I’m sure there will be more old documents and plans in the historical section of the college library.”
I had a quick look down for myself, but I had Danny’s homecoming on my mind. He still hadn’t phoned to say he was back. Perhaps he’d forgotten, and would turn up any moment in the car. At least I couldn’t see any rats moving around, their beady little eyes reflecting green from Rupert’s lamp.
“There’s one place you’ve not searched yet,” I said as I got to my feet, pointing to the old flagstones where the summerhouse had stood. “There might be the foundations of a small cottage under there. They’d have needed a well. Come on, let’s get those flagstones moved out of the way.”
Harry looked at his watch and shook his head. “Not this evening. It would have been all right if Bethany and Freddie could have come, but they’ve been invited to tea with a friend from church. I promised I wouldn’t be late back.”
“Tomorrow?” I asked.
Harry turned to Alice. “You’re the boss, ma’am.”
I could see from Alice’s expression that the answer was obvious. “Of course. And look, Harry, it’s not fair that you’re doing all this work unpaid. You’re the expert, and you should be rewarded.”
Harry shook his head. “I’m enjoying this as much as you are,” he said, laughing. “Yes, I’ll be here tomorrow, that’s for sure. With Bethany and Freddie. Brian doesn’t mind me using the digger. In fact, I think he’s as keen as you are to get this well completed. With your permission, it will look good in his portfolio and on his website.”
Alice turned to me. “Do you really think there might be the remains of an old cottage under those flagstones?”
I took hold of Alice round her shoulders, and laughed. “No idea, but it will be fun finding out.”
At that moment my phone rang. Danny’s name came up on the screen. “Danny, sweetheart, where have you been? You promised to phone me as soon as the train got in. What happened?”
“Is that Mrs Abigail Wells?” a man’s voice asked.
“Danny?”
“Is that Mrs Abigail Wells?” the man’s voice repeated.
It felt weird to listen to someone else’s voice on my phone when I was expecting Danny. “Who are you?”
“Is that Mrs Wells?” The man sounded impatient now.
“Tell me who you are first. You’re using my husband’s phone.” I bit my lip. I’d given my identity away. Well, I had Harry and Rupert and Alice for protection, and the man on the other end of my phone couldn’t exactly be dangerous. Could he?
“Mrs Wells,” the man said in a more reasonable voice now, “this is Sergeant Stanley Masters from the central police station. Will you please tell me your location.”
It should be no surprise that my legs turned to jelly. “It’s Danny, isn’t it? Was there a train accident? Tell me, is he all right?”
Alice must have noticed my distress, because she came across and put her arm round me. “Is everything all right?”
I very nearly snapped at her, saying something like, “What do you think?” Instead, I looked at her and shook my head.
“Mrs Wells, are you still there?”
I put my hand over the microphone. “It’s a sergeant from the central police station. It’s about Danny.” I passed the phone quickly to Alice. “Here, you take it.”
“Who’s calling, and what do you want?” Alice asked in a very authoritarian voice. “You’re upsetting my friend.” She nodded to me, as though to say, “That told him.”
“She’s here with me, if you must know,” Alice said into the phone. “What, now? ... All right. ... Really? ... What, this evening? ... I see. Perhaps you’d better speak to her. ... Yes, I’ll pass you over.”
Alice tried to put on a smile as she handed me the phone. “It’s all right, Danny hasn’t been in an accident. Sergeant Masters wants to talk to you about something important. He doesn’t want to discuss it on the phone. Anyway, he wants to know where you are.”
“Is it okay if I stay here with you? They can come here to see me. I want you to be with me. Promise?”
It seemed I’d misunderstood. The police sergeant said he wasn’t coming to me, I had to go to him. I explained I didn’t have transport, but could call in sometime during the morning if I slipped out of work.
“I’m sorry, Mrs Wells, it doesn’t work that way. If you’re not able to get to us, I’m sending a car. Immediately. So where exactly are you?”
I handed Alice the phone and told her to explain to the police sergeant how to find the house. I had visions of police cars turning up from all directions, sirens screaming and blue lights flashing, like something on an American cop film.
Alice did as I asked, then handed my phone back to me. “Do you have any idea what this is about, Abi?” she asked, looking as alarmed as I felt. Before I could answer, Alice turned to Harry. “Sorry, Harry, but something personal has turned up. See you tomorrow. Okay?”
Alice was clearly trying to make the phone call sound as if it was of no consequence, but I could see Harry and Rupert sensed that wasn’t true.
Harry called to Rupert. “Can you give me a hand covering up the hole properly with the plywood? I’ll put some concrete blocks on it so it doesn’t move in the night. It will be safe enough to let the dog out.”
I guessed he also was trying to act as though nothing was going on, and I almost felt like confiding in him. At times like this I needed prayer. And why not?
“Come here a moment, Harry. And you, Rupert. That was the police. Somebody called Sergeant Masters. It’s to do with Danny. It’s okay, I don’t think he’s injured. In fact, I have a horrible suspicion I know what this is about. If I’m right, then there’s nothing to worry about.”
“Is it about the drawings?” Alice asked quietly.
I nodded. “That’s my guess. Listen, guys, can we just gather round and pray? The car will be here to collect me soon.”
We stood in a small group, our arms on each other’s shoulders. It felt good to be with Christian friends at a time like this. I had no idea what lay ahead, but surely, surely, Danny and I couldn’t be in serious trouble.
No way. Could we?

Chapter 18

It was Sergeant Stanley Masters himself who came to collect me in an unmarked car. I guessed it wasn’t his own, because the back seat where I was told to sit wasn’t covered in fast food wrappers, miscellaneous intimate items of clothing, and cigarette burns. Isn’t that what a police sergeant’s personal car is supposed to be like inside?
I tried to chat on the way into town, without getting any response apart from, “Just wait until we’re at the station.”
I like to talk to the driver, although I do my best to stay silent when we’re going through a series of tricky junctions, or looking for the next turning round the bend. I desperately wanted to find out exactly what was happening with Danny. I needed to get a conversation going.
We drove in silence until Sergeant Masters parked the car in the yard at the back of the police station. And then he spoke. “Out.”
So it wasn’t exactly the conversation I was hoping for.
He showed me in through the back security door. At least I wasn’t in handcuffs, so it looked promising at this stage. He led me into what was called the Interview Room, where I was expecting Danny to jump up from a chair and give me a hug. No Danny. No hug.
The only furniture in the room was a metal framed table and two chairs. The police sergeant told me to sit on the left hand chair, and he sat on the chair on the other side of the table. He switched on what was obviously a recording device, and said, “This is an interview conducted between Sergeant Stanley Masters and Mrs Abigail Wells.”
As he was giving the time and the date, I said, “Woa, woa, woa. Hold on there a moment, Sergeant Masters. I demand I see my husband. He’s a lawyer, and I want him in here. Now.” Yes, I can be quite sparky when pushed.
Sergeant Masters shook his head. “That won’t be necessary, Mrs Wells. You’re not being charged with any offence at the moment. All we need is clarification of an incident that concerns Ms Glenda Holdsworth and some items you took possession of from her charity shop, namely three pen and ink drawings on old paper, possibly of great antiquity and value.”
Before I could say anything, Sergeant Masters proceeded to give the name of Glenda’s street and the shop number. He didn’t ask me to confirm that, which was just as well. I know shops have numbers. Button Up has a number, but nobody knows what it is. Probably not even the postman. Everyone just uses the name. In fact, I wasn’t even sure what name Glenda’s cat shop had above the door.
“Do you understand why you’re here?”
I shook my head. Perhaps this was a trick question. “I didn’t actually collect the drawings. Glenda Holdsworth gave them to a friend and an employee of mine to bring to me, so I could pass them to my husband for his opinion as to whether they were valuable.” Just as well to be precise when giving evidence.
I decided I was probably in the clear. I hadn’t been read my rights, and could only hope Danny had been questioned similarly.
“Mrs Wells‒‒‒”
“You can call me Abi. I’ve already told one of your uniform officers that I used to be Abi Button before I married. That’s the Button bit of Button Up on the coffee shop. Just about everybody still thinks I’m Abi Button, which isn’t a problem at all. And Melanie Upton isn’t Melanie Upton anymore, but we’ve no intention of changing‒‒‒”
“Mrs Wells,” Sergeant Masters said, “please don’t try and change the subject. You’re wasting my time.”
I wasn’t deliberately changing the subject. I felt nervous and my mouth had started rambling as it often does, even when I’m not nervous. “Sorry.”
“Did Ms Holdsworth give any indication that the items in question were stolen.”
I needed to be careful. I didn’t want to make trouble for Glenda. She had enough on her mind with all those cats to take care of and find homes for. “Not really.”
“Not really? Does that mean she gave some indication that they were stolen?”
I shrugged. “Now I come to think of it, Glenda Holdsworth definitely didn’t have any idea they were stolen when she handed them to my employee and her friend. They were a standard donation to the charity shop, but she had a feeling they might be valuable. When I went to see her, the original donor had returned making Glenda think perhaps they were stolen. She told me she didn’t want them back in case they were.”
I took a long look around the interview room. It had the traditional two-way mirror on the wall behind Sergeant Masters. I had this crazy vision of everyone who worked in the police station peering through at me as I sat here. I wished I’d thought to comb my hair. It’s naturally blonde long hair, with a slight curl at the end. But from messing around in Alice and Rupert’s garden, I was sure I wasn’t looking my best. The main thing was to keep my eyes slightly closed and not appear to be some crazy, wild-eyed criminal.
“Sorry,” I said, “can you repeat the question?”
Sergeant Masters rolled his eyes. “Mrs Wells, you need to concentrate. This interview is important for your husband.”
“And where exactly is he?”
“That’s not important.”
“Well, it’s important to me. And I’m sure it’s important to Danny. Please tell me he’s not locked away somewhere.”
Sergeant Masters made no comment.
That certainly wasn’t good enough for sparky me. I stood up. “Right, I’m not saying another word until you tell me where my husband is. Okay?”
“Please sit down again, Mrs Wells. The sooner we get this interview over with, the sooner your husband will be free.”
“Ah, so he is locked away. I refuse to sit down and answer any more questions.” I went to the door, but it was locked. Well, that wasn’t surprising.
“Mrs Wells, your husband is currently being detained as a person of interest in an investigation over the handling of stolen goods. That is all.”
I jumped up. “All? By detained, am I to understand he’s locked in a cell?”
Sergeant Masters just shrugged. He might as well have said yes. “Mrs Wells, if you sit down and answer a few simple questions, you’ll be able to see him. I repeat, you are currently facing no charges.”
“Promise?”
The police sergeant pointed to the recording device. “Yes, for the record, I promise.” Then he added, “Unless evidence subsequently comes to light indicating your involvement in a crime.”
That really cheered me up. “Well I’m not involved in any crime. My husband thought the sketches could be valuable. Extremely valuable. He realised they could be by a sixteenth century artist called Albrecht Dürer. But they probably aren’t.”
“We’re examining them at this moment. Yes, I gather that is a possibility. Did Ms Holdsworth give you or anyone you know any indication that the pictures were stolen?”
“Hold on there, Sergeant. How can you be examining them if you picked my husband up at the station? He locked them in the office safe for security early yesterday morning. That would mean....”
“There’s a lot you don’t know yet, Mrs Wells. Will you please concentrate on the questions? I’ll ask you again. Did Ms Holdsworth give you or anyone you know any indication that the pictures were stolen?”
I shrugged, and realised I needed to speak in order for the recorder to work. Unless of course they had a camera. I looked up at the ceiling behind Sergeant Masters and spotted a small surveillance camera in each corner. I really, really wished I’d sorted out my hair before coming.
“Sergeant Masters, let’s get this straight. I’m sure Glenda Holdsworth didn’t think for one moment they were stolen when she accepted the briefcase as a donation. She found the three sketches inside, but only became suspicious when the donor returned and asked her to destroy them.”
Sergeant Masters gave a deep sigh. He’d probably been working all day and wanted to get home. Well, so did I. “Are they stolen, Sergeant?”
“I’m the one asking the questions, Mrs Wells. You see, I’m puzzled. Ms Holdsworth left a note, and now we have a missing person.”
“You’re deliberately trying to confuse me. Show me the note. And who’s missing? Glenda? Hasn’t she turned up yet?”
“Okay, Mrs Wells, I’m going to level with you. Ms Holdsworth is still missing. We cannot locate her at present, but she has left a note.”
“Saying the pictures were stolen?”
“Please, Mrs Wells, no questions. Yes, the note says that the stolen pictures are with your husband, with a view to him selling them. Your comments, please.”
“Nothing to say. Well, yes, I want to make it clear that Danny was going to get them valued. I think he might have helped sell them on behalf of the charity, and given the money to the cats. But only if he could check where they came from, and he was sure they really had been given as a legal donation to the charity. Is that what you want me to say?”
“What I want, Mrs Wells, is the truth. That’s all.”
“For the record, that is the truth. I’ve had enough of this now. Please can I meet Danny?”
Sergeant Masters turned round to the mirror and nodded. A couple of minutes later Danny came into the room accompanied by a male police officer.
I jumped up and gave him a hug. “Danny, Danny, where have you been? Did they lock you up?”
Danny looked closely into my face and laughed. I could tell it wasn’t a humorous laugh, but a wry one. “You don’t need to worry, Abi. The cells here are surprisingly comfortable.”
“Let’s go home,” I said. “Where’s your car? Still at the railway station?”
Danny nodded.
I turned to Sergeant Masters. “We’re off now.”
The police sergeant shook his head. “Not yet, Abi.”
It seemed as though his whole approach had suddenly thawed if he was calling me Abi. It must mean he thought I was innocent. And since Danny was standing here with me, they must have decided he was innocent, too. Well, innocent until they decided to hang some false charge on him. Probably on both of us.
“Don’t go yet, Abi. I need you and your husband to sign papers relating to this interview. Then you’re both free to go. There’s a choice of tea or coffee, or a soft drink from the machine in the waiting area. So please do not, do not, attempt to leave in the meantime. Understand?”
Danny did the nodding on my behalf. “We understand.”
My mouth felt dry. It wasn’t as though that had been anything like a harsh grilling, but I could understand something of what a guilty person might experience.
We actually had to pay for the drinks, but Danny had enough change for the machine. We sat together on one of the benches, leaning against the wall.
“What was all that about, Danny? It sounds as though they’ve actually seen the pictures. I thought you locked them in the safe at work, and you’ve been at the court in Dalchester since yesterday morning. What’s going on?”
“Glenda has disappeared.”
“I know. Sergeant Masters said she’d written a note confessing that the pictures are stolen property, and she’s passed them to us.”
Danny sighed. “Unfortunately, she wrote that she had passed them on to me, and I had the pictures in the safe at work. She also said where I worked.”
“How did she know that?”
Danny put his arm round me. “I guess you told her. It’s not your fault, Abi, but the police called at Branks, Davis & Waters and said they wanted to examine the contents of the safe for suspected stolen property.”
“Wouldn’t they need a warrant?”
“Under normal circumstances, yes. Unfortunately, they spoke to Mr Branks. You know the two of us don’t always get on.”
“I think he’s jealous of your intelligence,” I whispered in Danny’s ear. “Sorry, go on.”
“I gather he claimed he was appalled that I should be accused of handling stolen property. He wanted to give the maximum cooperation with the police, so my name could be cleared as quickly as possible. And there, in the card-backed envelope that I’d written my name on, they found the drawings.”
“So you don’t think Mr Branks was entirely on your side,” I said, stating the obvious. I could imagine the old man actually rubbing his hands in glee.
Danny shrugged. “I leave you to draw your own conclusions, Abi. As soon as I got off the train I was met by a uniformed police officer and invited to accompany him to the police station. Only it wasn’t exactly an invitation, and he took my phone before I could contact you.”
“I thought everyone was allowed to make one phone call and also get a solicitor.”
Danny was finally starting to look relaxed. “I didn’t want to worry you, Abi. And I know enough about the law to be my own solicitor.”
 “Well, I did worry. I thought perhaps you’d had an accident when you didn’t phone. Don’t ever do that again. At least I’d have known you were still alive.”
Danny looked truly contrite. “I wasn’t thinking straight. I should have insisted. Anyway, I told Sergeant Masters to use my phone to ask you to come down to the station. I know you don’t like answering numbers you don’t recognise.”
“I suppose that’s something to be thankful for,” I said rather grumpily. “So what happens now?”
Danny put his arm round me, and I didn’t try to push him away. I suppose that proved something. “I’m sure the truth will soon come out. We’re both innocent, and I think the police know it. Your interview went well.”
“Were you watching behind the mirror?”
Danny nodded. “They let me out of the cell to watch. I think they wanted to gauge my reaction.”
“Sorry about my hair. I was caught by surprise. We were in the process of examining the well in Alice and Rupert’s back garden when Sergeant Masters phoned and‒‒‒”
I put a hand to my mouth, and pulled my phone from my jeans with my other hand. At least I hadn’t been strip-searched when I arrived at the police station. “I need to phone Alice. She’s going to be really worried.”
Danny was frowning. “Even more of a worry is why Glenda has gone missing.”
“Okay, I get that. But is it really important?”
Danny held me close. “Vitally important. I’m released under investigation. That’s like police bail, without having to pay any money. Mr Branks says that until this matter is sorted out, and I can demonstrate that I’m clearly innocent of knowingly handling stolen property, I’m not to go to work. In other words, I’m suspended.”

Chapter 19

When I phoned Alice to tell her I was free at last, she told me we had to go straight to hers, where she had food waiting for us. That made me doubly glad. First, I’d used up a lot of nervous energy in the interview room. Second, I’d not eaten since lunchtime, and neither had Danny.
There wasn’t time to call home for a shower and a change of clothes, and when we arrived at Alice and Rupert’s we both still had the taint of the police station on us.
Rupert kept quiet while Alice quizzed us the moment I had made myself reasonably presentable. I have to say the questioning by Sergeant Masters paled into insignificance under Alice’s penetrating nosiness. And all the while I was feeling more and more hungry.
I needed to change the subject. I thought we’d given Alice just about all the information we had, anyway. “Did you do anything more with the well?” I asked.
“First, just answer one more thing,” Alice said. “What do you think has happened to the cat woman?”
I shrugged. “No idea.”
Alice laughed. “But you’re going to poke your nose into it, aren’t you? I can tell.”
“Oh yes,” I assured her. “First thing tomorrow morning, the Button Up Detective Agency will be formed, and get straight onto it. I need to find out why Glenda wrote that stupid note. I’m going to phone Melanie and call in sick. Sick of being falsely accused of handling stolen goods. Just joking, but I’m sure Melanie will be as keen as we are to learn more. Now, tell me about the well.”
At the moment the kitchen timer pinged. We followed Rupert into the kitchen where he removed the casserole dish from the oven. “Ladies and gentlemen, please be seated.”
I could smell cooking from the moment we arrived, and when Rupert lifted the lid of the casserole dish I felt my mouth drooling. A casserole seemed an odd choice on a hot day like this. It smelt like chicken, but whatever it was, it was going to save my life.
“I can’t tell you how hungry I am,” I said. “Can we have a long look down the well after we’ve eaten? It will be more or less dark enough by then, and I wasn’t really concentrating on what was down there earlier. I was too worried about Danny not phoning me to say he was back.”
Alice shook her head. “Harry and Rupert have put the plywood sheets over it, and some concrete blocks on the edges to hold them in place. We don’t want to risk Beano falling down. And we don’t want any high jumping foxes falling in either.”
I looked round. Surely Beano would have been attracted by the smell of food. “Where is Beano?”
Alice looked at Rupert. “I’ll serve the food. You’d better let him in. He’s been out in the garden long enough.”
Rupert went to the back door and called. Not only are there stone steps up to the front door, but there are steps down to the back garden, because the basement is only partly below ground level.
I heard Rupert calling Beano, but didn’t hear an excited bark or a clatter of claws on the steps. Rupert called again. Still nothing.
“I expect he’s fallen down the well,” I said. No, of course I didn’t. Anyway, I knew Harry was careful with his work, and there was no way Alice and Rupert would have let Beano into the garden if there was the slightest risk.
“Where’s that dog gone now?” I heard Rupert say.
“Check the side gate,” Alice said.
“I can hear him barking somewhere,” Rupert called out. “He sounds a long way away. He might have got into the woods. I’ll get my hand lamp and check. You folks carry on eating.”
Hungry though I was, I certainly wasn’t going to eat if Beano was missing. I was glad I hadn’t joked about the well. But there was water at the bottom, and if Beano had fallen all that way, it was unlikely he would be barking.
It was getting on for ten o’clock, but still light enough to see the garden. I noticed Harry had left the digger parked close to the well, presumably keeping it out of sight for security, but there was no sign of Beano. Indeed, there was no longer any sound of Beano.
Rupert had already checked the side gates, and also the back gate into the woods. He said they were all firmly closed. The large sheets of plywood were still completely covering the mouth of the well. So surely that had to be good news.
“Beano! Beano!” Alice called. “Come here, boy.”
That’s when we heard the little dog barking again. At first we couldn’t work out where the sound was coming from. A couple more barks, followed by a faint whining noise, helped us locate the source of the sound. It was coming from the old patio. Harry had piled the oak timbers from the well on there, and I had a horrible vision of Beano lying with a broken back with a heavy plank on top of him. Okay, I’d had a hard day with the police interview, and my mind was even more crazy than usual. But at least I kept my mouth shut.
Rupert bent down at the end of the patio where Beano had been keen to excavate in the past. He shone the hand lamp, and shouted, “He’s under here somewhere.”
We stumbled down the steps in our panic, and joined Rupert. I could see a hole where Beano had been doing his digging. But he wasn’t trapped in the hole. Beano’s bark echoed some distance below.”
“It looks like he’s found another well,” Rupert said. “The problem is, how are we going to get him out before he drowns?”
From his distant barking, it didn’t sound as though the little dog was in any danger of drowning just yet. “Where’s the pickaxe?” I asked.
“Good thinking, Abi,” Alice said. “Where did you leave it, Rupert?”
Rupert had already fetched it from where it had been leaning against the wall at the back of the house. I remembered he said he’d bought it in his lunch break, so at least he hadn’t taken it back to one of his friends.
I expected Rupert to put the pick straight into the first of the flagstones. To my surprise, he started to loosen the soil some distance away from where the patio started. I wasn’t the only one to be surprised.
“What are you doing, Rupert?” Alice asked. “Beano is under the patio, not buried under there.”
“Get the shovel, Alice,” Rupert said. “I’ve got to dig the ground away. If Beano’s at the bottom of a well, I don’t want anything falling on him. It’s going to take a bit of digging, but it’s the only way to be sure he stays safe.”
Alice did as she was told, and Rupert started to dig a trench leading away from the end of the patio. Clearly the man had brains as well as muscles.
Rupert paused for breath and stood up. “I’m going to see if Harry has left the keys in the digger. This is too much like hard work.”
Having seen how unsteady the digger had been, even in the hands of an expert, that didn’t sound at all like a good idea. “Phone Harry,” I said. “See if he can come. It’s not about money, but let him know you’re going to pay him for his time.”
In the fading daylight, I could see Rupert hesitating. “Rupert,” Alice said in a firm voice, “do as Abi says. Phone Harry. I’m sure you’ve never driven a digger in your life.”
It seemed that Rupert needed little persuasion. So while we waited for Harry to appear, Alice lay on the ground by the hole the little dog had excavated, and did her best to calm Beano. The thought of rescue seemed to have made him even more excitable.
Alice asked Rupert to hand her the lamp, and she shone it into the hole that was already larger, thanks to Rupert’s work with the pickaxe and shovel.
She turned round in surprise and looked at us. “It’s not a well. Definitely not a well. It’s more like a room. And there’s Beano looking up at me. I can see the light reflected in his eyes. Good dog, Beano. We’ll soon have you out of there.”
“What else can you see? I asked. “Is it an old air raid shelter from the Second World War?”
Alice kept staring through the hole. “It’s older than that.”
“It might be an underground cold store for the house,” I suggested. I remembered that in the old days people had a storage room under the ground, before the days of refrigeration. A root cellar, I think some people called it.
Alice was still peering through the hole. “There are all sorts of wall paintings. Like the catacombs in Rome. It doesn’t make sense.”
“Are you sure it’s not Egyptian hieroglyphics?” I asked. No doubt Alice was getting her own back on me for what I said I’d seen in the old well.
“I’m serious, Abi,” Alice said, half turning round. “It is like a Roman catacomb.”
Of course, we all wanted to have a look, but since it was Alice and Rupert’s garden, Danny and I stood back for Rupert to give his opinion.
He took the hand lamp from Alice and lay down. “It looks Roman to me. Do you think this could be a Roman villa?”
We all took turns in looking, reassuring Beano all the time that help was on its way. Certainly the paintings on the walls did look like the catacombs I’d visited with my parents many years ago in Rome. I could even see an empty stone coffin without a lid, or what looked like a stone coffin.
I shivered. It was a warm June evening, so it wasn’t that. It had to be excitement. As I stood up, I heard Harry’s car crunching the gravel on the front drive as he pulled up. Excellent. 

Chapter 20

Harry had a look at the job, including a peep through the hole that Beano had dug. “It would be better if we had floodlights,” he pronounced, “but we don’t, so we’ll have to manage.”
I think we all felt relieved that Harry was prepared to go ahead. I certainly did. Instead of starting up the digger, Harry asked Rupert to give him a hand with one of the old planks he’d removed from the well. He explained that he was going to seal up the hole by laying it across the gap on its edge.
The old paving slabs on the patio finished a few inches higher than the garden. Because the stones around the edge had been removed, Beano had managed to find a way in. The planks were filthy, but I noticed that neither Harry nor Rupert were bothered by that. That didn’t really surprise me. Both men had jobs that were fairly messy on the hands.
Harry asked me to shine the lamp on the ground by the hole, and instructed Rupert and Danny to hold the plank firmly in place while he went to start the digger. It rumbled across the ground, jerking as it came. With a few noisy lurches Harry positioned it facing the temporary wooden barrier. Then he lowered the bucket.
As I tracked every movement of the bucket with Rupert’s lamp, I was surprised how much soil Harry removed. And how far back he dug the trench, and how deep it was.
“All right,” Harry said as he switched off the motor, “you can move the plank away now. Stand back while I use the pickaxe and shovel.”
The noise of the digger and the noise of the bucket scraping the ground had sent Beano hysterical. Alice insisted that she lay down by the entrance for a moment to try to calm him. That seemed to send Beano more frantic than ever, and Rupert tactfully suggested that maybe it was better to let Harry take over.
“Rupert,” Harry said, “we’re going to need a ladder. Brian never leaves one outside at night, for security. He was using a ladder yesterday to adjust one of the windows from the outside. See if it’s in the basement.”
While Rupert hurried off – and I mean hurried, because he didn’t want to miss anything – Harry very carefully dragged the soil back from the edge of the patio with the shovel, until he’d made an entrance large enough for a body to fit through.
It was dark now, and the garden suddenly felt creepy, taking me back to my childhood. Although when I come to think of it, I don’t remember anyone dared venture as far as the back garden of Creepy Castle. Even so, I had scary thoughts of ghouls and other nasties roaming the garden at night. If that had been a stone coffin I saw, it was empty. So where was the body? I turned round quickly and scanned the garden. So far, so good.
I heard a rattling noise, and thankfully it wasn’t a skeleton. Rupert had opened the basement door from the inside, and Harry went forward to help him bring out a long extending metal ladder. Together, they fed it through the large hole that Harry had excavated, at an angle of about forty-five degrees.
“Be careful you don’t hurt Beano,” Alice warned.
I thought Alice was being overcautious. Surely that little terrier had brains in its head and would see the ladder coming. While I held the lamp, Harry made sure the ladder was fed all the way down to the ground slowly, still keeping it at the forty-five degree angle. I heard it hit the bottom with a rattling noise far below.
As I passed the lamp to Harry, there was a clatter of claws, and Beano appeared at the top. He shook himself free of soil and dust that must have fallen on him at some time during the rescue.
The dog looked confused ‒ if it’s possible for a dog to look confused. I guessed he was dazzled by the bright hand lamp that Harry was shining on him.
Alice gently pushed Harry’s hand away and called Beano to come to her. Which he did. Immediately. I never knew it was possible for anyone to make such a fuss over a dog, and Beano didn’t seem a bit embarrassed.
“Well,” I said, “who’s going down first?”
That got a sharp intake of breath from Harry. “It’s probably not safe. We only did this to rescue the little dog.”
I took the hand lamp back from Harry and lay down, peering in. “It looks okay to me. You’re the expert, Harry.” I stood up. “Have a good look.”
Harry lay down to give his expert opinion. “That’s clever,” he said. “An arched roof. Good, solid brickwork. Not one out of place. Looks okay, but I’m not going to risk it.”
I turned to Alice. “You’re the Brick Queen,” I told her. “What do you think?”
I could see Alice was torn between giving all her attention to Beano, and having a look at the brickwork. She told me to catch hold of Beano’s collar and make sure he didn’t try to go back down. I doubted he would. Not after having been stuck down there in the dark. He must have fallen some distance, but he wasn’t limping. Perhaps dogs are like cats, and always fall on their feet, but somehow I doubted it.
“It’s not Roman.” Alice’s voice echoed back from the underground chamber. “These bricks look medieval.”
To me, a brick was a brick, although since Alice had pointed out how it was possible to judge their age, I bowed to her judgment.
Beano was struggling to get away from me. Surely he didn’t want to return for an encore, in order to get a bit more comforting. “How can you tell?” I asked. “And you’d better come back and hold onto Beano,” I added. “He’s going frantic about something.”
Alice stood up and dusted herself off. “He’s probably desperate for his mummy.”
I groaned. “Please, please, don’t say that, Alice. It makes you sound like some lonely old woman who thinks her pet dog is her child.”
Alice laughed. “Just joking, Abi.” She held her hands out to Beano. “Come here, my precious, precious, precious little dog.”
I groaned again. “That’s almost as bad.” I think Alice was joking when she said it. I certainly hoped she was. Anyway, I let go of Beano and he started jumping up at Alice and licking her.
“How do you know it’s not Roman?” I said. “It looks just like the catacombs in Rome. There’s even a stone coffin down there.”
“Two stone coffins,” Danny said. “One of them has bones in it.”
Danny put his arm round me as he spoke, and I jumped. “Stop it,” I said. “It’s creepy enough as it is, without you making things up.”
“Danny’s right. I definitely saw two stone coffins,” Rupert said. “Honest. No kidding.”
Alice was still petting Beano. “Early bricks were thinner than most of the bricks we see today,” she said, trying to avoid having her face licked, “from medieval right up to 1784, although the older they are, the thinner. Roman bricks are really thin, like roof tiles. Typically, they’re orange, but they can be grey or black. That’s enough now, Beano!”
“You’re a real fount of knowledge, Alice,” I teased. I wanted to prove I paid attention to what she’d told us earlier. “In 1784 they started to tax bricks,” I said, raising my eyebrows and laughing.
“You remembered, Abi. Well done. Yes, brick makers started to make much bigger bricks”
I nodded. Perhaps my memory wasn’t so bad after all. “So, not Roman, not late Georgian. What does that mean?”
Danny slapped me on the back, making me jump again. “Folly,” he said.
“I wish you’d stop scaring me like that,” I said. “I thought Folly was the name of this house. I’ve been calling it Forresters Folly.” I felt a bit sheepish, and added, “But only to myself.”
“The Tudors and Georgians were nuts for follies on their large estates,” Alice said. “And this was all part of the Northcott Hall estate before these houses were built for the cotton mill workers.”
I pointed to the flagstones where the old summerhouse had been. “So you think there was a mock temple there?”
“I think we ought to go indoors and clean up,” Alice said. “I’ve got filthy lying on the ground, and Beano needs a good brushing.”
I looked at my own hands, and had to agree that they needed washing. “Before we go, why did you mention a folly?” I asked Danny. “Follies were buildings, pretending to look ancient. This can’t be a folly.”
Danny picked up the hand lamp and pointed it towards the entrance to the underground chamber. “They also dug caves and grottos and things. My guess is that we’ve uncovered an old underground folly. And I’m not going indoors yet. I’m going down for a look.”
“But Rupert said‒‒‒” I protested.
Danny cut me off. “Harry said the roof is arched brickwork. All the bricks are in place. I looked carefully.” He turned to Harry. “What do you think?”
“Well, look at it this way,” Harry said, slowly and thoughtfully, “I suppose if it’s stayed up this long, with all the weight of the stone slabs above it, I guess it’s okay.”
“You’re not to go down, Harry,” Alice said firmly. “You’ve got a young boy to look after, and a child on the way.”
This brought a rather disappointed nod of agreement from Harry.
“And, Rupert, you’ve got a young wife to care for – namely me. So you’re not going down, either.”
I turned to Danny. “So that just leaves the two of us. We’re both in trouble with the police, and you’ve lost your job.”
“Lost it temporarily,” Danny said. “But if you want to risk it, let’s do it.”

Chapter 21

Although Alice and Rupert put up a protest, I wasn’t sure how genuine it was. I think they were as keen as we were to know exactly what we’d found. Harry, using his expertise as a builder, and Alice, using her expertise as the Brick Queen, both took a long time lying on the ground, one after the other, flashing the beam of the hand lamp around.
Eventually they gave their combined opinion that they could see no obvious danger, but we wouldn’t catch them going down there. I didn’t say it, but I guessed that once we’d been down and come back safely with exciting news, they wouldn’t be far behind.
Danny, being a gallant gentleman, insisted on going first. The ladder was leaning at about forty-five degrees, which I knew wasn’t the optimum angle, but it would have to do. Danny took the lamp in one hand, and cautiously put his feet on the rungs. The ladder creaked alarmingly, but Harry was watching and he didn’t seem to be fussed about it, so I guessed all aluminium ladders creaked a bit, especially when used at an angle like this.
Danny reached the bottom quickly and successfully. Now that I could see him standing below, I judged the chamber to be slightly greater than the height of the rooms in my own house. Sorry, our house.
I scooted down carefully, and Danny made sure I was standing on firm ground before I let go of the rungs. I looked round, and noticed Alice’s concerned face peering through the entrance. I got the feeling she was wishing she was with us. But perhaps not.
The first point of interest Danny made for was the stone coffin that he and Rupert had noticed containing bones. He beckoned me over. Sure enough, there was a complete human skeleton, laid out ever so neatly, with the hands folded over the chest.
For one horrible moment I wondered if old Isaac Newton had known about this underground chamber, and buried his mother here. Surely, that wasn’t possible. Anyway, everyone knows vampires need to be buried in earth in the daytime. Then I remembered Alice mentioning that her uncle was buried with his mother and grandmother in the local cemetery. Not that that stopped them being vampires, but at least they weren’t hiding down here.
“Is it real?” I whispered.
“Looks like it. Definitely not some plastic Halloween special. I wonder who he is. Or who she is.”
I took the hand lamp from Danny and shone it backwards and forwards over the arched roof. We should have done that when we first got here, not looked around for creepy relics.
It seemed to my non-technical but common sense eyes that the roof was sound. What was clear, however, was that the floor, which was made with small tiles in a fancy mosaic pattern, was only slightly damp. Perhaps I shouldn’t have been surprised. The water table, as Rupert had already pointed out, was at least ten metres below ground. We were probably five metres down. About fifteen feet. If this had been below the water table, we would have found an indoor pool, which would surely have added to the value of the house. Or not!
I shone the beam around the walls. The paintings were on plaster which was coming away in places, but they certainly looked like the images I’d seen in the catacombs. Then I saw something amazing. “Look, Danny, there’s Jesus, and he’s talking to his disciples.”
Danny swung my arm around. “And over there is the empty tomb, with an angel outside. See, the stone has already been rolled away. Wow, what a discovery, Abi. I’m blown away by it.”
I pointed back to the occupied stone coffin. “Apart from that.”
“Yes,” Danny agreed. “Apart from that. We’re going to have to involve the police and the coroner, I’m afraid.”
I thought Danny was joking. “Not really? Come on, this is hardly a modern day murder. It’s just a normal burial. Well, perhaps not exactly normal, but even if there was foul play they’re not going to catch someone several hundred years after the event. The police have already wasted enough time on us.”
“It will be a formality, Abi. But I expect the local museum will want to send in an expert. These stone coffins might be genuine Roman ones that the landowner dug up somewhere. Obviously not the wall paintings. It really is fascinating.”
He went to the bottom of the ladder and called up. “Come on, guys, it’s amazing down here.”
I heard Alice tell Harry that he had to stay. If the roof fell in, it was important that someone knew where to find us. I supposed she had a point, although if the roof fell in, there wasn’t much anyone could do to help. Perhaps we’d be squashed so flat that our bodies would fit into just one of the stone coffins with room to spare.
Alice was first down, and immediately started examining the bricks. Although the walls had been plastered, in several places the plaster had fallen off in large patches, and it was obvious even to me that the bricks in the arched roof were similar to those in the wall.
“These definitely look like medieval bricks,” Alice said.
I frowned. “I thought it was the Tudors and Georgians who built follies. What have we found here? The world’s first medieval folly?”
“Unlikely,” Alice said. She touched one of the bricks. “These weren’t made at Cleystowe. They’re not the right colour. I’m guessing the owner of Northcott Hall decided to build a realistic Roman folly. He couldn’t buy Roman bricks, obviously, but he must have found somewhere that was still making bricks in old medieval moulds. Or was perhaps prepared to make moulds specially, if the money was good enough.”
“Does that mean we can’t date the folly?” I asked, poking my finger at the white mortar between two of the bricks. It crumbled away. I looked up at the roof and hoped the mortar up there was more secure.
“I’m sure the museum can date it. There are bound to be lots of clues that the experts will discover.”
After twenty minutes the four of us had seen just about as much as we could take in, and Harry probably wanted to be home. We made our way to the surface where Alice thanked Harry for turning out. He insisted he didn’t want any money. Just to have been part of the discovery was more than enough payment, he said. Even so, I knew Alice would reward him in some way, even if it was something expensive for little Freddie or the expected baby.
Harry said he had to lock the ladder away, and Rupert gave him a hand. Then we went to wash our hands and faces.
Our chicken casserole was only lukewarm, but we heated our individual plates of servings one after the other in the microwave, and enjoyed a late but tasty treat.
Of course, we couldn’t stop talking about what we’d discovered. It wasn’t actually a shrine as such, but it was clearly a replica of a Christian catacomb. Maybe even a famous one. I’d only been down one in Rome, and I’d found that rather weird. Strangely, in spite of Mr or Mrs Bones occupying one of the stone coffins, I hadn’t felt at all queasy. Strange that, with me and my vivid imagination.
Alice and Rupert both agreed they wanted to maintain the folly, providing it was safe, but definitely not as a tourist attraction. Alice was sure the local archaeologist at the museum would be fascinated, and might even write a paper about it.
Alice said she remembered reading about grottos with shells and other decorations, but not one laid out like a catacomb. Clearly we needed to do some research on the internet, but that would have to wait. Danny and I had to go home and get some rest, assuming we could sleep after all this excitement.
Beano didn’t seem to be having a problem with his sleep. He was already curled up in the corner on his brown corduroy beanbag, his paws over his eyes, sleeping ‒ with the occasional violent twitch. I wondered what he was dreaming about. Probably about falling through the hole he had so enthusiastically been digging. I knew I would be dreaming about the interview at the police station.
Tomorrow, the police would be here, checking out the skeleton. Danny wasn’t able to go to work, of course. “Melanie will give me the day off,” I said quietly to Danny. “Now you’ve been suspended from work, you can join the Button Up Detective Agency.”
“Sounds good to me,” Danny said. “What’s the pay like?”
“Rubbish,” I told him. “But the reward is in the hard slog, and the pleasure of seeing the guilty found innocent.”
Danny was sitting next to me. He leaned sideways and gave me a hug. “Sounds a bit like my job! I’m in. Tell me seriously, Abi, you’re not really thinking of opening a detective agency, are you?”
“Of course not, but Mr Jennings is quite old, and if the living accommodation and small office above the café becomes vacant, perhaps Melanie and I could encourage someone to set one up there. It would sound catchy, wouldn’t it ‒ the Button Up Detective Agency?”
Danny sniggered, but I think he meant it kindly. “If you were running it, it would have to be called the Nosy Parker Detective Agency.”
I pretended to be serious. “Why ever do you say that?” Then we both laughed, and couldn’t stop laughing for ages.
We didn’t get to sleep early that night, but not for the traditional reason. We went over and over what we knew about Glenda Holdsworth. I couldn’t believe she was guilty of anything, but Danny said his experience in court told him that even the nicest people sometimes commit the most hideous crimes.
Nice one, Danny.
“Something must have happened after you left Glenda Holdsworth,” Danny said. “The doubts only came when the elderly woman returned. As far as I could gather, the police didn’t find any stolen items in the charity shop, just at the elderly woman’s house.”
“Okay, Sherlock, what has your amazing brain deduced from all that?”
“It’s not so much a deduction as something I overheard. Sergeant Masters is certain that the handwriting on the note matches Glenda’s known handwriting. Without getting an independent opinion, we have to go with that. So I deduce that the note is genuine and Glenda has disappeared. Presumably willingly.”
“Thank you, Sherlock. I don’t suppose they’re going to hand the note over to us anyway. My guess, and it’s only Watson’s guess, and he wasn’t always right, is that we can rule out Mr Latimer. I think Glenda got a visit from someone, presumably on behalf of the son, or whoever was the owner of the sketches. Well, maybe not the legal owner, but the sort of owner.”
“Watson, your brain is brilliant tonight. I think you’ve got it.”
“Well, the police now have the sketches, so we can’t get them independently appraised.” I like that word, appraised. “If the sketches are stolen, we’re never going to see them again.”
“Abi, I think we have to accept that they are stolen, because of the note Glenda Holdsworth wrote. We need to pay that visit to Piers Pillinger. He may be able to find records of stolen artwork that he can access online.”
“Yeah, like the police are going to give the sketches back to you in the morning so you can show them to him.”
Danny shook his head. I couldn’t see him. The light was out, but I felt his head rub against mine. Perhaps we’d been talking long enough. It must be very late by now.
“Of course they won’t.” He tapped me gently on the nose. “There’s no need for mockery. But what you don’t know, Abi, and what the police and Mr Branks don’t know, is that I scanned the three drawings in high resolution in the office before locking them in the safe. I’ve got them here on my USB drive. I don’t know why I scanned them, but it just seemed a sensible thing to do.”
“Sensible? Sheer genius. Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant!”
“I’m sure Piers Pillinger will be able to help throw some light on what we’ve got.” Then Danny yawned. “I can’t believe we’re lying here in bed talking about Mr Branks and Piers Pillinger.”
“What do you have in mind?”
As if I needed to ask. I felt Danny’s firm but gentle hand come across. Two romantic minds were thinking alike.


Chapter 22

 “Are you sure it’s all right for you to take the day off?” Danny asked at breakfast the next morning.
I assured him that Melanie said she and Pete could cope perfectly well when I phoned her just after seven, and Hayley was going to pop in a couple of times to help. More likely to see Pete, but I let that pass.
Danny phoned Piers Pillinger to see if we could go round that evening to discuss some artwork he’d got hold of. Well, he had got hold of it. The problem was that the police now had it, but Danny had scanned the sketches at work, but not printed them there.
He’d printed them at home before breakfast, and I had to say that the copies looked almost as good as the originals ‒ apart from the brand-new printer paper being a bit of a giveaway to anyone but a three-year-old.
Although Danny didn’t say much on the phone, he said enough to whet Piers’ curiosity. Piers said he was working from home all week, and suggested we came round in the afternoon after two, for coffee and a chat.
We had a leisurely start to the day, because the cat shop didn’t open until ten. We were taking a chance on it opening at all, unless Glenda had turned up. We had to hope that Glenda’s young assistant Morgan Harris had found time to run the shop, as well as feeding the cats. Ideally, Glenda would be there, and explain why she’d written the note that caused Danny to be locked in a police cell and now suspended from work.
We could see lights inside the shop as we drove past to find a parking place. Parking is strictly limited to one hour maximum in these roads, which makes it fairly easy to find a space. A traffic warden usually patrols this area with great diligence.
A young woman nodded to us as we entered the shop, but she didn’t seem to recognise us. I wasn’t even sure we’d met before. She wasn’t much older than Bethany and Hayley.
“Are you Morgan?” Danny asked pleasantly.
The young woman answered with a wary, “Yes.”
“Is Glenda here?” Danny made it sound as though he was merely curious, and not there in some official capacity that might cause Morgan to deny everything. I presumed she was aware of the police interest.
I could see caution in Morgan’s eyes. “Who wants her?”
That of course was a complete giveaway. I couldn’t see Glenda in the back of the shop, but clearly she was around somewhere.
Danny smiled. He had obviously made the same deduction. “My wife here was talking to Glenda about some items that had been donated. We won’t keep her long.”
“Who is it?” a voice called from a room at the back of the shop.
“A man and a woman,” Morgan called back. “They’re here about some donations or something.”
She should have said a young woman, but I let it pass.
I could see Glenda hovering in the open doorway to what looked like a stockroom. From the way she was standing, I got the impression she was preparing to start a hundred metre sprint to her car. “We’re friends,” I called out. “We just need some help from you.”
Glenda beckoned. “Oh, it’s you. You’d better come through. Morgan, don’t show anyone else back here.”
She led us into a stockroom. Although the clothing in the front was fairly odourless, the stockroom was untidy and slightly smelly.
Glenda noticed I was looking around and sniffing. “This is where we sort everything. Don’t worry, Abi, that pile in the corner will go for recycling.”
“The sooner the better,” I said. No, I’m sure I didn’t say anything, only thought it.
There were three old dining chairs to sit on, and a small table where Glenda must have been doing the paperwork when we interrupted. Without a word, she pointed to two of the chairs. We sat down and I let Danny do all the talking. Or tried to, anyway.
“Glenda,” Danny said. “Is it all right if we call you Glenda, or would you prefer Ms Holdsworth?”
Glenda eyed him suspiciously. “Are you here on behalf of the police?”
Danny put on a smile. “At this moment, the police and I are no friends at all. I’m here purely for personal reasons.”
I nodded. “Me too.” There, I’d already broken my resolution, but only with two words.
“I suppose you’re here about those pictures,” Glenda said. “I wish to goodness I’d never set eyes on them.”
Danny nodded. “We also wish we’d never seen them. I’ve been locked up and we’ve both been questioned by the police, and I’m suspended from work. We’re here to try and sort everything out, and certainly not to make trouble for you or the charity.”
I could see Glenda relax, and hoped she would spill the beans – to use an expression from old black and white movies.
“You left the note,” I started to say, before remembering my earlier unspoken promise. I looked at Danny and nodded for him to continue.
Danny cleared his throat with a very polite cough. “I want to level with you, Glenda. And I can assure you that I’m not here to make trouble. When you handed the sketches to Abi’s assistant, to show it to me for an opinion as to whether they were valuable, you didn’t make any mention of them being stolen. Yet in the note the police say you left‒‒‒”
“Ah, yes, I get it now. No, the elderly lady who brought them in said she’d been clearing her son’s room. He left home many years ago, and she wanted to tidy up the house and sell it. She’s going into sheltered accommodation.”
Danny just nodded, as though this was what we wanted to hear. Indeed, it was.
“I’m sure you appreciate that we never knowingly handle stolen goods,” Glenda said. “It all went wrong later that day. The old woman’s son hadn’t just left home, she let slip he’s serving a two-year sentence for theft. Originally, the police hadn’t thought to search his mother’s property, as he hadn’t lived there for a long time. His mother didn’t realise that most of the things he’d left in his old room were stolen, until she started selling them.”
“So how did you find out that the pictures in the briefcase were stolen?” I asked, and Danny frowned at me. Whoops.
“Her son is currently in Wandsworth prison in London. She only visits occasionally, but she dotes on her son and says she writes to him every week. She told him she was selling the stuff he’d left in his old room, and he panicked. He managed to get in touch with one of his friends, and told him to make sure those three pictures didn’t go to the charity shop, because they were extremely valuable.”
Danny frowned. “Did the mother tell you all this?”
“It was the friend,” Glenda said, making a face. “One of the son’s friends came round in the afternoon and demanded the pictures back. He scared me. Big and tough, and hard talking. I lied. I told him they were already sold, and we don’t keep records of who buys things from the shop.”
I was about to speak again, but managed to control my mouth by clamping it firmly closed.
“He asked me to describe the purchaser,” Glenda continued. “I lied again, and said it was an elderly man with a bushy white beard. I don’t usually lie, but I was scared. Really scared. I asked if the pictures were stolen property.”
“And what did he say?” That was me, finally losing control of my mouth.
“He told me to mind my own business, and make sure I got the pictures back. Rather stupidly I asked him again if they were stolen. All he did was tell me to mind my own business, which obviously meant they were stolen.”
“So you wrote the note and disappeared. Please tell us why,” Danny said. He sounded like someone in court questioning a friendly witness. Gently.
“I was scared,” Glenda said. “Terrified. I wrote the note in case something happened to me. Then I jumped in the car and went to stay with my sister. She lives about twenty miles away. I told her what had happened, and she said I needed to phone the police this morning, and tell them everything.”
Danny nodded. “Good idea. Do you know who the man is who threatened you?”
Glenda shook her head. “I’m expecting the police to be here any minute now. Should I tell them you’ve got the pictures?”
I could see Glenda was sweating. Sorry, horses sweat, ladies perspire, according to my mother. “The police already have them,” Danny said. “If they’re stolen and the original owner can be traced, they will be returned. If the previous owner cannot be traced, after a certain length of time the sketches will be returned to you.”
“They could be worth millions,” I said, “but don’t get your hopes up just yet.” That was another thing I didn’t actually say. They definitely wouldn’t be valuable if they were done by someone in the college Art Department.
“I’ve made copies,” Danny said, sounding reassuring, “and I’m seeing a friend this afternoon who has contacts in the art world. He may be able to throw some light on things.”
Then Danny jumped up and said we had to be leaving, which surprised me. We returned to the car, and as we drove away, he said, “Sorry to hurry you along, Abi, but I really don’t want to meet the police again. Not yet. I don’t want them accusing me of interfering in their investigation and I imagine they haven’t finished with Glenda yet.”
I wasn’t sure why Danny thought we might be interfering in their investigation, but who was I to question a great legal brain? Instead, I came up with an amazing plan.
“Danny,” I said as I did up my seatbelt, “listen to this. Alice said you can buy paper that looks really old. How about we get some, probably off the internet, and stain the sheets here and there with really strong black tea, and run them through the printer when they’re dry?”
I wasn’t sure if Danny was listening, or concentrating on what was happening at the traffic junction. “Go on,” he said.
I guessed he had been listening. “Then we print them with the scans you made, and give them to Glenda. When the man returns, she can say she’s managed to get them back.”
“It’s not going to take long before someone discovers they’re modern reprints,” Danny said.
“It doesn’t matter,” I told him. “That’s the clever bit. And look out for that van. The thief wouldn’t have dared show them to anyone to see if they were genuine, so for all he knows he stole modern copies on paper that looks old. It’s a great plan. It can’t possibly go wrong.”
Danny nodded, his eyes fixed firmly on the road. “It’s a great plan, Abi, but I’m not sure I share your confidence.”
“But we’ll give it a go?”
Danny thought for a moment. “Yes, Abi, it’s worth giving it a go, even if it does go wrong.”

Chapter 23

We still had the rest of the morning to fill in, because we weren’t due to see Piers Pillinger until after two. I suggested we went to the museum for a look round. We had no intention of telling anyone there about the folly under Alice and Rupert’s garden, but they might have some Roman, Tudor and Georgian remains. Also, possibly, some old maps of the area.
The Craidlea town museum is quite small, but it’s open every day except Sunday. I used to be fascinated by the stuffed animals and birds, many of them from faraway countries. I feel slightly uncomfortable about them now, but they would have died anyway a hundred years or more ago, and in a way stuffing them has enabled them to live on for posterity. But I still feel slightly uncomfortable whenever I see them. I mean, how did they die?
We made our way straight to the room that had medieval finds from the town. There were lots of pieces of metal and leather, plus some old pots and jars that had been stuck back together. There were also several different designs of bricks made over the past few hundred years. I could see what Alice meant about the bricks in the folly being old. Although the houses in my road have darkish red bricks that are clearly not made by machine, the Medieval bricks were quite long and slim, and a creamy brown, full of black bits.
“Where’s the Tudor and Georgian stuff?” Danny asked.
I realised he’d not been to the museum before. “I think it’s all mixed up with the Victorian. It’s a large room at the back.”
There was nothing there about follies. Just general Victoriana and some bits and pieces of Georgian pots and pans, various bottles, as well as jewellery and buckles. The museum seemed remarkably short of domestic bits and pieces. Perhaps when Brian Warmley had dredged the well, Alice and Rupert might be able to make a few donations!
“Maps next,” Danny said.
“I think we might have to make a booking. Let’s ask.”
The woman at the entrance desk who kept an eye on everyone, made a phone call and told us to go up to the top floor where we would find Mr Thompson in Archives.
We did as we were told, and Mr Thompson seemed extremely friendly and helpful. I so badly wanted to tell him about Alice and Rupert’s folly, but I managed just to ask him what he knew about the Northcott Estate.
Not a lot, it seemed. But he did have an older map than the one Alice had found in the college library. There was no sign of any of the houses in my road. Indeed, there was no sign of my road, although its position was marked as a field boundary. The woods between my house and Alice’s were much larger. It looked as though half the woodland had been decimated to build the cotton mill workers’ houses. I imagined the fuss there would be today if that much woodland was cut down for housing.
Well, it was all in the past. Just like the stuffed monkeys and birds. Too late to do anything about it now – except plant more trees on open spaces. Unfortunately, in our immediate neighbourhood all the potential spaces already had trees on them. When I thought about it, that had to be good.
Danny looked at his watch. “How about an early lunch round the corner? There’s a nice old-fashioned tea room I’ve been meaning to try ever since I moved here.”
Tea rooms in England don’t only serve tea. They do light lunches like egg and beans on toast, chips, and even lasagne and cottage pie. At Button Up we tend to serve food that’s much quicker to prepare, but maybe I could get some tips.
Danny ordered a bacon and mushroom omelette, and I decided on a Wiltshire ham salad. We agreed to share a bowl of chips. I also chose a sparkling Dandelion and Burdock as a childhood treat. Danny did the same.
We had brought the printouts of the sketches with us ‒ on modern printed paper of course ‒ and lingered and talked so long over our lunch that we had to hurry to get to the Pillingers’ house soon after two o’clock.
The Pillingers’ house had been built at the same time as mine and the other houses in my road. However, it was built by the first owner of the cotton mill, and was a couple of miles out of town on what would have included a large area of land, probably with a farm to provide food for the big house. Most of the land had been sold off over the years, but the house was truly magnificent. The word mansion comes to mind.
I’d only been there once, when Danny and I were invited for an evening meal. Piers Pillinger wanted some documents witnessed, that were nothing to do with work where Piers was a client. Danny assured me at the time that it was all okay.
As we made our way in the car up the long tree-lined drive, I remembered the scare an old man had given us at a downstairs window one snowy night. Today, the sun shone brightly, and I didn’t have a care in the world. Of course I did. We’d both been interviewed by the police, and Danny was suspended from work.
Perhaps today all that would change.
Charlotte Pillinger opened the door to us, and said her husband was expecting us. She led us through to the sitting room, and insisted on getting us coffee and catching up on life.
I was impatient to get started on the sketches. Danny had them in the zip case he used for his laptop. We had to sit patiently while Charlotte told us how Gwendolyn and Oliver were getting on at school. And then she wanted to know how Liam was settling down with Melanie and Steve. We’d brought Liam here with us that evening, as he was staying with us during Melanie and Steve’s honeymoon.
We talked about the mad axe man at the window, although naturally I didn’t call him that, even though I was tempted. I didn’t know what sort of sense of humour the Pillingers had, and I got the distinct impression they hadn’t actually found the whole episode hilarious. Come to think of it, nor did I at the time.
We had long finished drinking coffee out of delicate bone china cups, when Danny put the zip case on his lap as a sort of hint.
Piers Pillinger took the hint immediately. “Tell me, Danny, what interesting art discoveries do you have in there.”
Charlotte Pillinger made an excuse to leave, and cleared the coffee table. Maybe she didn’t share her husband’s interests in art, or perhaps she thought some shady business was about to take place, and she didn’t want to be a witness.
Danny pulled out our three printouts and laid them side-by-side on the coffee table. Piers studied them, but only for a moment.
“Well, goodness me, the old Albrecht Dürer pen and ink drawings.”
Those aren’t even nearly the exact words he used. I don’t like people swearing and taking God’s name in vain, but I wasn’t there to correct him. As it turned out, I didn’t need to.
Piers looked at Danny. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to cause offence. You being a Christian and all.”
He then glanced at me, so presumably I was included. I smiled and said, “Thanks.”
Piers was examining the printouts closely. “Excellent copies. If these were on old paper I might even have been fooled. But only in this light, of course.”
“We were wondering what you could tell us about the originals,” Danny said, obviously not yet prepared to give anything away.
“Not much to it, really.” Piers stretched back in his chair, then leaned forward again. “Stolen from one of the major auction houses in London back.... When? Must have been late 1970s. Quite a haul. I don’t think it got much publicity. The art gallery and the insurance company worked closely together to keep the lid on things. The paintings and other works of art were found quite quickly. These slipped the net. Come on, Danny, what’s all this about?”
Danny pursed his lips. “It’s ... a difficult one, Piers. It’s just possible that the originals have come my way. But as you say, with modern printers it’s possible to make good copies on old paper.”
“I can certainly have a look at the originals and give you my opinion,” Piers offered. “Do you have them with you?”
Danny shook his head. “Currently, they’re with the police. They’re checking to see if they’re stolen property.”
“Well, if they are the originals, there’s no doubt at all that they were stolen. Any chance of letting me see them?”
Piers Pillinger rubbed his chin and ooohed and aaahed as Danny told the story of the old mother and the cat woman at the charity shop. Danny even included his short stay in the cell at the police station, which I thought was rather unnecessary.
“Piers,” Danny said. “I don’t know whether to hope they are genuine ‒ or just copies. If they are genuine, I could be in trouble for handling stolen goods. If they’re copies, then I’m off the hook.”
“But that means Glenda Holdsworth at the charity shop isn’t going to reap a fortune for her cats in some sort of reward,” I added. I hoped Danny wasn’t counting my interruptions.
Danny then revealed my amazing idea – he had the decency to call it my idea – to make some copies on very old paper and hand them to Glenda Holdsworth to give to the unpleasant visitor next time he called.
I noticed Piers looking at me closely. I hoped he was seeing me as a genuine contributor to the episode, and not just someone tagging along as a pretty face.
Piers said he had at least fifty sheets of old paper. It wasn’t sixteenth century, but it was something he’d purchased many years ago to practice copying the style of the Old Masters. Not for nefarious practices, he assured us. And who was I to disbelieve him?
He said we were welcome to a few sheets, as it was all in a good cause. He also added that he wouldn’t mind a copy for himself of the old woman with a shawl. I just hoped he wasn’t going to try and pass it off to some unsuspecting collector.
The sheets were rather too large for my printer, but we could easily cut them down. Then we would need to cut them down again, to match the size of the originals. That would be easy. Danny had scanned the originals size for size, but hadn’t cropped the image before scanning. That meant the edges of the original pages showed as a faint line.
Now all we had to do was to get home a.s.a.p. and get printing. We planned to be with Glenda sometime that evening with the copies, all being well.
Then I remembered we were going to see Alice and Rupert, to continue our exploration of the old folly. So much to do. So many choices. Well, only two actually.

Chapter 24
(Last chapter)

Glenda was our first priority. We wanted to get in touch with her before she disappeared again. She thanked us for our help and interest. The unpleasant man had not been back to see her, nor had Mr Latimer turned up. However, when we phoned, she was at her sister’s house, and had closed the shop early. So if the man did come back, it wouldn’t be until the morning.
She gave us her sister’s address, and I said we’d drive round sometime late evening with the copies we were making on old paper. Assuming they looked convincing, I added.
It was now just after half past three. We went straight home to see if we could make realistic replicas of the three so-called Albrecht Dürer originals with my inkjet printer, using the old paper Piers Pillinger had given us.
First, I had to trim each piece down to legal paper size, the largest size of paper my printer takes. Just a bit bigger than A4. Brilliant Danny suggested that we tried printing on the off-cuts first. I had already done that sort of thing in the past, and simply stuck the leading edge of each strip onto a blank sheet of printer paper, using a small piece of masking tape.
Making sure the printer was only using black ink to match the maximum blackness of the original ink, we watched anxiously as the first test sheet went through. Pretty good. I wiped my finger across and the ink didn’t smudge. The paper seemed to have a slight sheen to it, which had worried me. Unnecessarily, as it turned out.
When I say pretty good, it wasn’t perfect. The scanned image was slightly low in contrast, and the background of the original, which had been yellowish, came out grey. Of course it did. We’d used the black ink setting, which was a complete giveaway!
Danny had made the scans in full colour, and we ran the next off-cut through using the colour inks. The result was rather dark and looked slightly artificial. Rather than waste any more of the off-cuts, I opened up Photoshop and jiggled with the contrast and brightness, as well as increasing the colour saturation.
Two further tests, and Danny agreed that everything was as perfect as it was likely to be in the circumstances. Indeed, this was proved when we looked at the first full-sized copy.
Fortunately, Danny turned it over. He shook his head. “Remember, you said something about staining the paper with black tea. Well, look here. The printed side has the original yellowy marks, but the unprinted side is plain. This isn’t going to fool anyone. Put the kettle on, Abi, and let’s brew some really strong tea.”
This was so frustrating, as well as time wasting. I should have guessed there would be a problem. I can only imagine the trouble forgers of currency notes must go to, to get the perfect counterfeit. And we weren’t forging anything. Well, in a way we were, but not to pass these prints off as genuine. All we wanted to do was fool the original thief – or one of his accomplices who didn’t happen to be locked up in Wandsworth prison.
The black tea did the trick. As soon as it cooled enough to touch it, we applied it generously with a paper towel in various patches on both sides, letting it soak through the paper. Then we dried the damp paper with our iron. This wrinkled it slightly, making it look even older.
After a lengthy but successful enterprise, we hurried round to Alice and Rupert’s. They were already back from work, showing two of the city engineers and someone from the museum the underground folly. We went across and listened in.
The consensus was that it was probably very early Georgian, and might have been covered up by the first occupant of Alice and Rupert’s house, possibly for safety. It seemed many Victorians didn’t have much interest in the past. The future lay in engineering and machines – especially for someone running a cotton mill.
Very gently, I took Alice to one side and showed her the prints on the old paper Piers Pillinger had given us. Turning her back on the visitors she held each one to the sun and said they looked old enough for the job. She was convinced the paper wouldn’t fluoresce, but as soon as she was free she would check it carefully.
Brian Warmly was also there, measuring up and discussing things with Harry and Gemma, another member of his team. As soon as I put the prints back in the zip case, I asked what Brian had thought of the whole discovery.
“He’s blown away by it,” Rupert said. He’d crept up behind us. Not that we’d been discussing anything personal. “We definitely don’t want to open our folly to the public. This is our private family house. Well private for us and Bethany and family ‒ and church house groups! Brian wants to excavate further back from the entrance and put a fixed ladder there with a locked hatch. If it’s not open to the public, we don’t have to worry about health and safety.”
“As long as baby Freddie or one of your own children don’t tumble down there when no one’s watching. I thought you wanted to make the garden safe.”
Neither Alice nor Rupert rose to my subtle hint that they might have children of their own. I knew that like me and Danny they weren’t planning anything immediately, but these things can happen.
“It will have a lockable cover slightly above ground level,” Rupert assured me. “I wondered about putting a dehumidifier down there to dry out the damp walls, but one of the city engineers said that would be fatal. The plaster would probably disintegrate. As it is, it has slowly absorbed moisture over the years and is stable enough for now. There are liquids that can be applied to bind everything together. We’ll have to see. Oh, and the roof is safe, just in case you’re worried.”
“As long as we don’t try and take up the patio,” Alice added. “Apparently, that could be disastrous. So even though we’re going to put timber decking there, it’s just as well we know that the paving slabs absolutely have to be left alone.”
“On pain of death,” Rupert added. “Literally.”
Brian Warmley came across to chat. “Clever dog, that Beano. See, he knew that there was something under the old patio.”
“What’s happening about the well?” I asked, pointing to the two large sheets of plywood still held in place by the concrete blocks.
Brian laughed. “Quite a few discoveries these two have made. Well, these two and their dog. Who’d have thought it? When I first came here to give a quote, I have to say that I wondered if Alice and Rupert had gone out of their minds in wanting it to be restored.” He laughed, and pointed to our friends who were well within hearing range.
“It was sort of in memory of my uncle,” Alice said. “Poor man, I wish we’d taken more care of him. He simply couldn’t cope when his mother died, and all we did was come here expecting him to give us money.”
When the visitors had gone, Alice took us down below for another look, now that the experts had told her so much more about what was there. We’d been invited for the evening meal, and Rupert went inside to prepare it. I got the impression it was Alice who was especially interested in history.
We stayed, ate, and talked until late, and I reminded Danny that we had to drop the prints off with the cat woman at her sister’s home. Alice and Rupert said they were absolutely convincing copies, although of course they hadn’t seen the originals. And Alice’s test with her ultraviolet light pen showed no sign of any fluorescence.
So my plan, and it was my plan – and I say that with unashamed pride and conceit – looked as though it just might work.

<><><><>

It’s mid August now, a beautifully warm Sunday afternoon. The whole gang are here: Alice and Rupert, Steve and Melanie with Liam, Harry and Bethany with little Freddie ‒ and Pete and Hayley. Those two are sitting very close together and seem to be having deep, confidential discussions.
We’re sitting on sun loungers, kitchen chairs and large cushions on Alice and Rupert’s smart wooden decking which completely covers the old patio slabs, which in turn cover the folly. Brian Warmley has now installed the permanent ladder and locked hatch, so access to the “Roman catacomb” is strictly limited.
Of course, news leaked out about the discovery, and Alice and Rupert get the occasional visitor who is politely but firmly turned away, unless their interest is genuinely professional. In which case, they have to sign a document drawn up by Danny to say they are entering entirely at their own risk!
When the Council engineers first came to look at the folly, Alice showed them the map indicating a well somewhere in the children’s play area. It doesn’t seem to be a matter of urgency as far as they are concerned, and they have written to say they will shortly be “looking into it.” Looking into it. Get it? Well, I thought it was funny.
We were disappointed by the lack of interest the local museum showed in the stone coffins and the skeleton. Their opinion is that they could be Roman or could be Medieval. Great deduction!
I want them to carry out radiocarbon dating on the skeleton, but they say they currently don’t have the funds to spare for things like that. Perhaps they spent too much buying their stuffed animals. Anyway, the coroner has identified it as male, which rules out Isaac Newton’s mother or grandmother, and that comes as a relief.
I didn’t tell the others, but I was tempted to keep back a finger bone, and we could get it tested ourselves in the future. Then I remembered a scary story from my childhood, where a teeny-tiny woman in a teeny-tiny churchyard found a teeny-tiny bone, and was haunted that night by a teeny-tiny voice calling out, “Give me my bone!” Then a teeny-tiny bit louder, “Give me my bone!”
So I decided not to take it after all, although the museum curator says they are keeping a suitable fragment which they intend to date when finances allow. Soon, I hope.
On the bright side, Alice made a couple of huge Bramley apple pies for us, which she served with genuine Cornish clotted cream half an hour ago. At the moment, all’s well with the world. Life is still a continual romance with Danny. And Alice and Rupert are clearly very close. I’m pleased for Alice. She deserves some comfort after all she’s been through. And so does Bethany. Especially Bethany.
At least the decking is safe for small feet. Little Freddie has learnt that walking is much more fun than crawling, and he’s pattering around, completely safe because of the pine railings with their strong mesh covering that surround us. There’s a matching gate with a childproof lock into the garden.
Danny was quickly reinstated at work. I think Sergeant Masters knew deep down that both Danny and I were completely innocent, and to make amends he actually sang Danny’s praises to old Mr Branks, of Branks, Davis & Waters, saying how much help Danny had been in solving the whereabouts of some priceless items from a crime that was almost forgotten.
Mr Branks then boasted to his colleagues that he employed an ingenious and resourceful junior solicitor, and he’s sure Danny’s prospects are bright. His words. I really hope he remembers them.
Glenda Holdsworth passed our fake copies over to the unpleasant visitor the next morning. We never heard what happened. Maybe the elderly woman’s son, when he’s released from prison, will try to sell our copies, and think he’d been to a lot of trouble just to steal forgeries on old paper.
The reward offered by the insurance company for the recovery of the Albrecht Dürer drawings still stood. Glenda’s cats are certainly going to be the cats that got the cream when the reward money comes through. The circumstances of the recovery will be kept secret, and no names named. Danny said insurance companies often do that, as it encourages gang members to betray their mates for the reward.
Apparently Mr Latimer said no more about the sketches. I hope he and his friend make good use of the leather briefcase they paid twenty pounds for. Glenda faced no charges for handling the sketches, and she’s currently seeking a new valuer to check donated items.
We never did find out who was responsible for the break-in at Button Up. Almost certainly it was Mr Latimer or a friend. Yes, Glenda had told him we had the sketches. Anyway, we now have a good security system, which with hindsight we should have installed when we first opened.
Liam is looking a bit bored in the presence of adult company. I enjoy looking after him to give Melanie and Steve a break, but I’m not ready to take on little Freddie. What a responsibility! I mean, when Liam fell into the river down by the old cotton mill, he was old enough to make his way out quickly. I doubt little Freddie would be able to do the same. Not that he can fall down the well. Brian has already built a strong surround of bricks that match those of the house. It seems he found them in a reclamation yard.
The little roof Brian is building for the well has not yet been covered, because he still has to find some suitably old tiles for it. And of course find an old bucket and rope, plus a roller with an iron handle.
Work on the garden came to a sudden halt the day after Danny and I had been questioned by the police. An urgent job turned up for Brian and his team. Alice and Rupert agreed that there would be no problem, because the whole interior of the house was finished. Anyway, they knew Brian had quoted a low price on the basis that he might not be able to work on the house continuously.
So for now, there’s a secure cover in place. There’s a fair bit of sediment at the bottom, and Brian is still thinking of the best way to dredge it out, and hopefully discover some interesting bits and pieces that were either deliberately or accidentally dropped down there.
Bethany’s bump is showing. The companion for Freddie is due shortly before Christmas. I can’t help thinking of the Nativity. A wonderful time for a baby to be born!
Liam has the promised cat ‒ a gift from Glenda. It’s black and white, and apparently growing far more quickly than anticipated. I think Melanie is wondering just how large it’s going to get. “It was such a sweet little kitten when we chose it,” she told me, “but Liam loves it.”
Liam now comes regularly to our church, occasionally brought by Melanie and Steve, but more usually he comes with the twins, Sophie and William, and their parents. He sits with the twins, never with me and Danny, and of course that’s fine.
I’m looking at the small area of old flagstones where the summerhouse was built many years ago. Harry is finally using the digger to clear the back garden tomorrow, starting with those flagstones. Am I the only one who’s like an excited child, wondering what might be under there? Is it time I started to grow up? Definitely not. I have far more fun in life just the way I am.
I’ve been sitting here long enough. “Come on, Liam, let’s go out and chase each other round the woods. I’ll be the angry mother bear and you can be the fierce wolf.”
“Hold on a moment, I’m coming too.” That’s Alice calling. “I’m a very hungry lion, and I love eating bears and wolves!”
The three of us run screaming out through the garden gate into the woods. Welcome to the club, Alice!

THE END

Epilogue

This is the hymn Alice said she heard when Rupert eventually plucked up the courage to invite her out for their first date – to church!

If the hymnal.net link to hear the music is broken, enter the first line in a search engine. This link is to the original tune and lyrics.

What a Friend we have in Jesus
Words by Joseph Scriven
Music by Charles C. Converse

https://www.hymnal.net/en/hymn/h/789

What a Friend we have in Jesus,
All our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
Everything to God in prayer!
Oh, what peace we often forfeit,
Oh, what needless pain we bear:
All because we do not carry
Everything to God in prayer!

Have we trials and temptations?
Is there trouble anywhere?
We should never be discouraged;
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Can we find a Friend so faithful,
Who will all our sorrows share?
Jesus knows our every weakness:
Take it to the Lord in prayer!

Are we weak and heavy-laden,
Cumbered with a load of care?
Precious Saviour, still our refuge
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Do thy friends despise, forsake thee?
Take it to the Lord in prayer;
In His arms He’ll take and shield thee,
Thou wilt find a solace there.

In his book of favourite songs and hymns, Ira D. Sankey wrote:
Thousands have been cheered in time of trouble, and so led nearer to Christ, by this sweet and simple hymn; for very few hymns have been more widely published or more frequently sung. The author was born in Dublin in 1820, and came to Canada when he was twenty-five. There he lived a useful life until his death in 1886. The young lady to whom he was to be married was accidentally drowned on the eve of their wedding day. This led him to consecrate his life and fortune to the service of Christ.
Though a graduate of Trinity College and a man of refinement, he chose humble duties. One afternoon he was seen walking down the streets of Port Hope, where he lived, dressed as a plain workingman and carrying a saw-horse and a saw on his mission of help.
A citizen, noticing that a friend recognized him, said, “Do you know that man? What is his name and where does he live? I want someone to cut wood, and I find it difficult to get a sober man to do the work faithfully.”
“But you can’t get that man,” was the reply. “That is Mr. Scriven. He won’t cut wood for you.”
“Why not?” queried the gentleman.
“Because you are able to pay for it. He only saws wood for poor widows and sick people.”
Until a short time before his death it was not known that he had a poetic gift. A neighbor, sitting up with him in his illness, happened upon a manuscript copy of “What a friend we have in Jesus.” Reading it with great delight and questioning Mr. Scriven about it, he said that he had composed it for his mother, to comfort her in a time of special sorrow, not intending that anyone else should see it.
Some time later, when another Port Hope neighbor asked him if it was true that he composed the hymn, his reply was, “The Lord and I did it between us.”
As published in the small Richmond hymnal, the authorship of the words was erroneously attributed to the great Scottish preacher and hymn writer, Dr. Horatius Bonar. It was not until six or eight years after the hymn first appeared in our collection that we learned who the author really was.

<><><><>

More of Sankey’s hymns and their stories can be found in Sankey’s Favorite Hymns and Songs, published as an eBook by White Tree Publishing, ISBN: 978-1-912529-66-7

Return to Table of Contents

The Abi Button Book Series

Tall Men and Strangers is the first Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abigail (Abi) Button is thirty-one, and in spite of kissing a few frogs she has yet to find her prince. On the lookout for a tall, dark stranger (but not too strange) she realises he has been living locally all the time. It’s just that she has not really noticed Jack Thornley until she meets him in her road late one evening, standing by an emergency ambulance.
Abi’s elderly neighbour is Ivy Smith, and she’s ninety-one. She gives Abi a small silver key, telling her to keep it secret from her nephew Jack who is helping to care for her. What the key opens, Abi has no idea.
Ivy worries that she hears someone moving around her house at night, when she should be alone. Abi tries to reassure her by saying it’s only the old house settling at night, or noisy neighbours, but Ivy Smith is unconvinced. Soon Abi is unconvinced, too.
As Abi’s friendship with Jack develops, he invites her to his local church where she meets Danny Wells. Much to her embarrassment she remembers kissing Danny at school. Old memories start to surface, threatening to put the relationship with Jack in jeopardy.
A cozy mystery romance taking place in a small English town, told by Abi Button.

Poetry and Mayhem is the second Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi Button gets involved with the lazy nephews and nieces of their elderly uncle who lived in the creepy house at the far end of her road. Isaac Whittard Magritte Newton, to give him his full name, has set a cryptic clue in his will for the siblings to solve. The will says the first nephew or niece who can solve the clue is going to be extremely wealthy, but the puzzle seems unbreakable. The old man once set crossword puzzles for two of the national newspapers, and other puzzles for various magazines. Abi, with her modest skills in cryptic crosswords, has to admit defeat.
Also on Abi’s mind, perhaps as a matter of greater importance than solving the clue that will help four squabbling siblings, is her developing friendship with junior solicitor Danny Wells. She wonders if she has at last found the right man. Melanie Upton ‒ Abi’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ assures Abi that this one is definitely a keeper. But as Abi points out, Melanie says the same thing about every man Abi gets to know.

Cake and Calamity, the third Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
“Organising a wedding is a piece of cake,” to quote Abigail (Abi) Button. She could be right, because a local wedding shop provides the whole service: bridal gowns, venue, cake, food, cars ... everything that makes the perfect wedding. Apart from husbands!
Meanwhile, Melanie Upton ‒ Abi Button’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ confides in Abi that romance is in the air with an Italian property investor called Romero Rocco. Can it be true?
Abi’s new friend and neighbour is also getting married. She now owns the house Abi calls Creepy Mansion. She says getting a builder to restore the old house should also be a simple matter. So with a joint wedding planned for Abi and her new friend, Abi asks, “What can possibly go wrong?”
A cozy mystery romance taking place in the small English town of Craidlea, told by Abi Button.

Ghouls and Jewels, the fourth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi returns from her honeymoon to find a threatening letter on the doormat. Her new friend Alice says her sister and brothers are claiming she’s secretly in possession of a priceless Russian tiara and associated jewels, and they insist on having their share ‒ and they are already arranging to take her to court.
This is news to Alice, so Abi and Alice, with their new husbands set out to search the creepy old house that Alice has recently purchased.
A neighbour says she has heard wailing coming from the house, and Abi’s childhood fear that the house is haunted seems to be confirmed when she sees a woman’s face staring out between the bars of a basement window at night.
The search for the Russian treasure leads to an unpleasant encounter with a dominating father and aunt. More problems for Abi to solve, in between running Button Up coffee shop with her co-owner Melanie Upton, who has romantic news to share. This time it sounds as though it could be promising ‒ with just one small drawback.

Doughnuts and Disaster, the fifth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
It’s late February and the area is experiencing an unexpected cold snap with snow. Liam, Steve Donovan’s eight-year-old son, is staying with Abi while Steve and Melanie are on their honeymoon.
Abi is concerned when single mum Bethany reports a man wearing a long raincoat, hanging around the local play area taking photographs. Bethany is afraid that her father and disagreeable Aunt Erica have sent him to spy on her, with a view to snatching baby Freddie. Abi thinks there are two men watching. Why two?
Young Liam is clearly upset by all the changes in his life, and Abi tries to win his confidence with jam donuts. Abi warns Liam and his friends to keep away from the deep pond in the woods, because the ice is too thin to walk on. But Liam is on the hunt for Bigfoot, convinced he lives somewhere amongst the trees.
Bethany’s friendship with Harry the builder seems to be turning into a romance, maybe even a wedding ‒ if Bethany’s father and Aunt Erica can be kept away. Pete and Hayley also wonder if this is a good opportunity to discuss marriage!
A cozy mystery romance taking place in the small English town of Craidlea, told by Abi Button.

Apple Pie and Follies, the sixth and final Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
<><><><>

Button Up Detective Agency

The Button Up Spin-off Series

Clocks Locks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #1
When Janika Jones’ husband is found dead, his death is initially assumed to be suicide. Sam Jones was a detective with the local CID, and Janika is determined to prove he was murdered. Realising she has detective skills of her own, she trains to be a private investigator, and sets up an office above the Button Up coffee shop owned by Abi Wells, a girl she knew at school as Abi Button.
Calling her business the Button Up Detective Agency, Janika sets out to find her own cases to investigate, having been warned by the police not to investigate her husband’s murder. But that’s something she can’t resist when the opportunity arises. When things turn nasty, who can she trust?
Told by Janika Jones, this is a slightly darker cozy mystery spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Hugs Bugs and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #2
As Janika Jones settles into her new career as a private investigator – fully trained, of course – she is asked to take the part of a New York art collector’s assistant to investigate a picture in a London art gallery, where she has to obtain vital photographic evidence without being caught. The theft of a collection of wartime medals leads to a gruesome discovery. And being accused of poisoning an unwelcome visitor is just another event in Janika’s hectic life at the Button Up Detective Agency.

Shoes Clues and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #3
When Janika Jones started the Button Up Detective Agency, she was reluctant to get involved in matrimonial problems. However, a desperate call from a woman whose life could be in danger convinces Janika that she needs to take action, urgently.
Meanwhile, Piers Pillinger wants Janika to carry out another job involving Humphrey Broxburn, the owner of a West End art gallery. Piers assures Janika that she is in no danger and she can trust Humphrey absolutely, but when she is bundled into a blacked out vehicle in the centre of London, she wonders who has been deceiving who.
A major theft from the Mill Lane Garage where Rupert Forrester works makes suspicion fall on Rupert who was last to leave and should have locked up and set the alarm. But did he forget? Janika gets assistance from Toby Walton as she tries to track down the thief and put Rupert in the clear. As Janika says about Toby, “He’s not really my boyfriend.” But Abi and Alice have other ideas.
Told by Janika Jones, this is the third slightly darker spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Kicks Tricks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #4
Janika Jones’ early morning jog round the park, and her interview on local TV, lead to unexpected danger. Meanwhile, her relationship with Toby Walton proceeds well, until he shares more of his past life. Janika is concerned there may be a side to Toby that she hadn’t suspected, and she starts to feel uneasy. An elderly lady is being targeted by a conman, and Janika perhaps unwisely tells the lady to hand over the money as evidence of a crime. Young Liam Donovan goes with Janika on a stakeout as mother and son, with Janika wearing a ginger wig to avoid suspicion. She assures Melanie the boy will be completely safe. But at the crucial moment, Liam decides he’s going to be a hero. And of course the celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika and Courtney Jacobs doesn’t go at all as planned. This is the fourth Button Up Detective Agency book featuring Janika Jones, and some characters from the Abi Button Cozy Mystery series of six books.

Cards Shards and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #5
A second attempt to hold the previously abandoned celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika, Toby, Courtney and Ollie ends once again in catastrophe. There are accusations all round, but who is innocent and who is being set up? Janika wants to help sort out the innocent from the guilty, because she’s about to be arrested for a crime she didn’t commit. And Courtney is suspended from the CID.
Amabelia Flores, who is opening a small flower shop just up the road from Button Up, is suspected of giving false evidence about Janika to the police. But why would she do that? What harm has Janika done to her? And when Janika looks into the florist’s background, she discovers a suspicious past ‒ or is there something important that she has yet to discover?
Janika and Courtney hold their own investigation into the accusations which are the subject of two separate police enquiries, and try to find the connection. Toby Walton? Fortunately for Janika, he’s still hanging in there ‒ for now. Then their investigation takes them all to the edge of disaster.

Phones Bones and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #6
Coming spring 2022
When Daisy Evans, a.k.a. Amabelia (Bella) Flores gets the result of a DNA test she has done in an attempt to discover her unknown father, things don’t work out well, and she risks losing her new florist business. Bella asks Janika Jones to investigate, and the result is something neither of them expected.
Janika is also investigating aliens who are apparently landing at night in the field behind Nigel Frampton’s house. Unsurprisingly, the police show no interest at all, so Nigel hires Janika to set up a surveillance camera. Janika has to hope no one finds out what she’s doing, or she will become a laughing stock. However, it turns out that the job is far from laughable, and there’s serious danger involved.
Piers Pillinger wants to make use of Janika’s photographic skills again, and assures her this is a perfectly straightforward job at his own home. Nothing can possibly go wrong ‒ and Janika believes him!
Toby Walton? Well....

<><><><>

White Tree Publishing publishes mainstream evangelical Christian literature in paperback and eBook formats, for people of all ages. We aim to make our eBooks available free for all eBook devices, but some distributors will only list our books free at their discretion, and may make a small charge for some titles ‒ but they are still great value!
We rely on our readers to tell their families, friends and churches about our books. Social media is a great way of doing this. Take a look at our range of fiction and non-fiction books and pass the word on. You can even contact your Christian TV or radio station to let them know about these books. Also, please write a positive review if you are able.
Check out our website to find over 200 fiction and non-fiction books, including a range of books for younger readers. The majority of our fiction books are Victorian romances carefully and lovingly edited and abridged for readers today.

https://whitetreepublishing.com

Return to Table of Contents

