      Copyright Carolyn Chambers Clark and Anthony Auriemma, 2011, 2017

Smashwords Edition
  

Candy, Murder & Me: 
Woman Sleuth - Recipes

Chapter 1

I sensed something was wrong that warm Florida morning when I arrived for work and my assistant squealed. Eugene squeals a lot, but this one had a different feel to it. Ready to take charge, I raced down the corridor to the door of Queendom, my clothing design studio for full-figured women.
“Watch out, Cookie.” Eugene Gemstone, my number one fabric cutter and barometer for off-the-wall happenings, pointed to the open door of my studio, which was supposed to be kept locked. 
Ever since he wore one of the dresses I designed into the ladies’ room at Chez Riso and got arrested, he'd been tuned into things gone awry. 
 “What now?” Visions of a disastrous spring line flooded my brain when I stepped inside. Streams of taffetas and silks unwound from their bolts. Steel-mesh design models lay on their sides next to knocked-over cutting tables.
“Somebody's been in here.” Trust Eugene to mention the obvious. He grabbed a model on wheels and cradled it in his arms. “Be careful of Gladyce.” He loved the thing as if it were alive. She wore a silver satin dress he’d been begging me to let him borrow.
Gold-sequined dresses, tuxedo pants, and slip dresses for my Spring into Fashion Show layered my arms. With my right hand, I grasped a plastic container of Cajun chicken I’d brought from home for lunch. 
My diploma from the Sloan Technical Institute of Dress Design and Plumbing an online school with a misty history of accreditation, hung off the wall, ready to crash onto the floor. I glanced at Eugene. “Surprised they didn't steal that. What else is missing?”
Tall and lanky, Eugene stared back at me with startling blue eyes. “Who knows?” His crimson and saffron shirt added the perfect touch to his chocolate brown trousers. He made me look drab in one of my designs, a Kelly green suit that matched my eyes. 
“You okay?”Something more than messed-up surroundings was bothering him. I hoped he hadn’t gone to Chez Riso again and especially not in one of my dresses.
One disgusted look later, he nudged me forward a step. “I’m fine, but what is that big thing on the floor behind your desk? I’m afraid to look.” 
“Don't get excited.” I blew a clump of auburn hair out of my face, and the cover on my Cajun chicken slid off and clattered onto the floor.
An expression of horror pasted on his face, Eugene looked like he was screaming, but nothing came out of his mouth. He pointed to speckled splatters on the tile.
Nearly hidden behind a swath of purple chiffon, a man lay sprawled out, face up. Chest immobile, like he wasn't breathing.The worst thing was, I knew him. Sam Falcone.
My teeth started to chatter when I saw the patches of bright red on the front of Sam's jacket at heart level. “I think he’s been shot.”
“Who is that?” Eugene grabbed the clothes out of my arms and put them in front of his face to cover his eyes.
Energy drained out of my body. “It’s my PI.”
“You have a private investigator?” Hands shaking, he set the clothes on an ironing board, and slid into my chair. His face turned so white that if he stood against the magnolia-colored wall, it would look like only clothes hanging there.
My boss had never treated me right from the day he hired me and stuffed me into a too-small suite that felt more like a sweatshop. I'd done my best to make things comfortable for my helpers and models, no thanks to Kiekofer. I took a deep breath. “I hired a PI when our boss accused me of embezzling.”
The color came back into Eugene’s face at the mention of our employer’s shenanigans. “Kiekofer? That sleaze. I heard about the embezzling thing. He probably took the money himself and blamed it on you. You wouldn’t believe all the nasty things that man's done. I could write a book.”
I stared down at the floor and let out another gasp, shocked to see Sam so still. Tears rolled down my cheeks when I remembered the crush I’d had on the guy. Besides being a PI who dealt with danger, which always adds a dimension of excitement, he was so good-looking. Not only that, Sam knew how to treat a woman, opening doors for me, offering me coffee, and giving my tale of woe his full attention. More than I could say for the men I dated.
“Maybe you should look closer.” Eugene covered his eyes with one hand and waved his other hand at me to go look. “He could still be alive, you know.”
I bent down and tried to find the pulse at Sam’s neck, using the nurses’ aide skills I’d practiced while putting myself through design school. “Nothing.” I shook my head and grabbed Sam’s wrist.
Eugene took his hand away from his face and peered at me. “Well?”
“No pulse here, either.”
“He must have found out something that somebody didn’t like. We better get out of here. I can’t go to prison. I don’t look good in orange.”
“We can’t just leave. Like you said, he might still be alive.”
“Oh, all right, but he doesn’t look like he could be breathing. In the movies, they hold a mirror to their nose to see.”
“Hand me my purse.” When it arrived, I jammed a hand inside and dug past a wallet. I found malted milk balls and the usual female fix-it stuff.“No mirror.”
“Maybe I have one.” He reached into his bag. “You can never find a mirror when you want one.” He yanked out a compact and held it up in the air. “I found it.” He opened it and handed me the mirror.
 My hands shook, making the mirror wobble below Sam’s nose.
“No fogged-up glass. Eyes glazed. No pulse. Not breathing.” I tried to hand Eugene back his compact and felt tears rolling down my jaw.
“Oh, no. He’s dead. Did it touch him? Throw it away.”
For some reason, Eugene’s hysteria calmed me. “Have you looked in the mirror lately? You’re white as a ghost. You’re going to need this. Here, it didn’t touch him.”
Eugene took the compact and stared at himself in the mirror. “Oh fudge, I almost look as bad as he does.” He put some powder on his face and dumped the compact back into his bag. “Are you sure it didn’t touch him? If you’re not, I’m going to have to throw all this stuff out and get a new bag.”
 He looked down at the floor again. “What’s he doing here anyway? Doesn’t he have an office of his own to die in?”
“He does. About a mile away. He said he’d meet me here this morning because he had something important to tell me, and he didn’t want to do it on the phone.”
“Oh, sugar." Eugene clicked his tongue and waved a well-manicured hand in my direction. "The old I-can’t-tell-you-over-the-phone trick. And then you get there and they’re dead. It happens every time on 'Matlock' reruns.”
Sam wore the same conservative suit that I’d seen him in at our last meeting.His oh-so-handsome face now had a gray pallor, and the well-meaning glint of concern in his eyes had glazed over.
The sight of Sam lying on my floor made my stomach roll and made my knees wobble. Speaking of sugar, I needed to get some to my brain before I passed out. I dug into the pocket of my suit jacket, pulled out a piece of homemade maple candy, and shoved it into my mouth.
When I turned to look at my head cutter, he’d disappeared. Gone to call the police, I hoped. The idea that he’d run because he was scared to face the authorities yet again kept trying to sneak into my brain. Or, could he be involved in my PI's murder. No, not Eugene. He was too nice, but then they say serial killers are nice…
I grabbed for my candy dish and found it empty. It wasn't until he'd completed 100 hours of community service at Ginger Peppercomb's Pancake, Yoga, and 12-Step Program that I'd promoted him to my assistant. Now, I regretted that decision.
My temperature rose and I tossed the dish back onto my desk. I shook my fist in Eugene’s honor. “It’s not bad enough you left me here alone with Sam, and even might have killed him, but you ate all those caramels, Tootsie Rolls, Mary Janes—everything.”
Besides wanting to get even with Eugene, for some reason, I wanted to touch Sam’s face. Although he looked peaceful, like he was taking a nap, I expected him to sit up and say, “Ms. Berelli, I have news for you about your embezzlement case.” 
I knew that he wasn’t going to sit up and he wasn’t going to tell me what happened. That I’d have to find out for myself. 
A creepy sensation came over me, like somebody might be watching. It could be that whoever had done this outrageous act lurked somewhere nearby, making sure the PI didn't make it. Maybe that someone didn't like the fact that I'd interfered. 
Chills ran through my shoulders and back. I dashed to the desk and dialed 911 just in case Eugene hadn’t called them. "There’s been a murder at Florida Fashions, at the end of Blanket Flower Lane,” I told the operator. By then I was shaking all over. “Second floor, room two hundred. Hurry up and send an ambulance, will you?"
She asked for my name. I thought about that twice and refused to give it. I hung up when tomorrow's possible headlines flashed through my mind
Exposed Embezzler Incriminated in Detective’s Death.
In the tiny bathroom next to my studio, I splashed water on my face and dried my hands on a towel. Besides feeling numb about finding Sam dead on my floor, I wasn’t sure what I did for the next few minutes. 
At the sound of a siren's roar, I ran to the window of my studio. Thank God, somebody who knew what to do would soon be here. Out on the street, red lights flashed. Two men jumped out of the ambulance, grabbed a gurney, and rushed into the building.
I argued with myself about what to do next. The Norwegian part of me wanted to get on a slow boat to some fjord and never be heard from again. Sure, I could high-tail it out of there, but that wouldn't be very professional, let alone compassionate. The Italian part of me wanted to stay, find out who did this to Sam, and make him pay. 
While my two sides argued, the elevator bell chimed. I ran into the hall and waved the two men in uniform into my studio. 
The taller one had shaved his head and spent a lot of time in the sun developing a tan. He took a quick reading of Sam’s pulse, respiration, and blood pressure before he glanced at me. “He’s dead. You found him?"
I choked up and tears ran down my face. All I could do was nod and gulp.
“You okay? You better sit down.” He sat me down in a chair. “You know this guy?"
The shorter one sprinted over, zeroing in on me. He had a square wall of a forehead and heavy brows above steel gray eyes. He only came up to my shoulder, but he’d been doing some serious weightlifting, giving him a nearly-as-wide-as tall look.
I mumbled to myself and finally blurted out, “I know him. He works for me, I mean, I work for him.” Somebody had to clear me of possible embezzlement charges, and find out who murdered Sam. I nominated me.
“Which one, lady?” 
“Both.” Now I'd committed myself. Mentally, I drew up my employment papers with Cookie Berelli, Big Mouth Investigator in bold letters, and signed my name on the dotted line. 
The weightlifter looked at me with a raw intensity in his eyes. “Looks like he’s been shot. You know who did it?”
“Of course not. I came to work and found him like this, so I called 911.”
He rolled his eyes. “You should have called the police, too.”
The bigger man spoke, then came over to scrutinize me. “That's okay, Jake, you know the police get all the 911 calls anyway. Hey, don’t I know you?” 
A quick glance at his shaved head and twitching eye told me I did know him. He sat behind me in grade school in Brooklyn when he still had bushy black hair and was thin as a rail. Now he reminded me of a Hare Krishna with a beer belly. What was he doing in Venice? 
The creep tried to kiss me in the second grade and asked me out so many times in high school, I finally told him I took my vows to be a nun. He gave me the same old dopey smile, but I noticed he'd finally cleaned his fingernails. 
I backed up a few inches. “Norman Fedoza?” 
“Cookie, it’s you. How you been? You going with anybody, or what?”
“Or what, and I’ve been better.”
Norman grinned, showing me his missing tooth on the right side of his mouth. Surprising he didn't have more teeth missing, he was such a jerk. 
He grabbed my sleeve. “What about having dinner tonight?”
“I’m involved with somebody.” Just a white lie. In my heart I still pined for Tony Zuppa who'd left me to audition for bit parts in B movies in Hollywood.
“Come on. For old time’s sake.”
Once again I thought about ducking out before the authorities arrived or Norman got pushier. I walked over to the window and glanced out. Everything looked normal. People walked on the sidewalk and drove down the street. In here, and especially inside me, chaos reigned. I wanted to leave, but could Norman, the paramedic, really be trusted if I went? 
I glanced at Norman and listened to him telling stupid jokes. He'd been a slime in school, ratted on his classmates and cheated on exams. What if he told the police I shot my own PI or thought I knew who did? That would put me in deep trouble. Then again, Norman wasn't that bright and he did want to date me, so he probably wouldn’t tell the police anything about me. Either way, I couldn’t be sure. 
Forget about Norman. I stared at Sam. My PI was shot in my studio and my only witness had disappeared. If I left, the police would track me down and question me for sure. I had to stay and face the music and find Eugene later. 
What was I thinking? I knew what I was thinking. My PI was dead, Eugene just stole my emergency candy stash and deserted me. I wanted to run out into the hall, screaming.
The sound of more sirens reached my ears, and I looked out the window. Police cars and flashing lights competed with the sounds of doors slamming and officers yelling as they ran into the building. 
They arrived in my studio a few minutes later and started firing questions at me. The place became a blur of green uniforms and bossy men barking orders. 
“Yes, I found Sam Falcone in my studio,” I told the bear of a guy with freckles, red hair, and a name tag that identified him as Sergeant Dennehy.
“Did you kill him?” He leaned toward me, narrowed his eyes, and took a little black notebook out of his hip pocket.
I took a step back. “No, I didn't kill him. I found him this way when I got to work.” 
Somebody killed my PI in my work room at Florida Fashions for a reason. Was it to get me out of the way by fingering me as the murderer? 
“Do you own a gun?”
The gun. The gun that killed Sam might still be in my studio somewhere.
“No, I don’t own a gun. Why? Did you find one?” The gun couldn’t have my fingerprints on it, so maybe I was safe. 
“Somebody's looking for it right now.”
I remembered a mystery I'd watched on TV. A woman was arrested for a murder even though her fingerprints weren’t on the gun. It had been wiped clean. Geez, I told myself, maybe I watch too much TV. With my luck, somebody would take one of my candy bars and rub chocolate on the trigger. 
“Do you know the victim?” Sergeant Dennehy jotted down something in his little black book.
“Yes, I know the man. He’s Sam Falcone.” That’s about all I could remember telling him. From the way Sergeant Dennehy grilled me, I had the distinct impression he thought I might have done it.
He took out a sheet of paper and started scribbling information on it. I started reading his handwriting upside down, a trick I’d mastered in elementary school.
“That’s i before e except after c in received, Sergeant. What about my spring show? What am I going to do now?” I wanted to focus on anything but the fact Sam Falcone had been murdered in my studio and that Sergeant Dennehy couldn’t spell.
“Lady, there isn’t going to be any kind of show until we figure out what happened here.” He pointed to my cutaway silk top. “We need that for evidence.”
I put a protective hand on my chest. “Over my dead body.” I paused, realizing my blunder. “Sorry, poor choice of words. What do you want it for?”
“It’s got blood on it, probably belongs to the victim.” He paused. “Or the murderer.”
I looked down at my blouse, incensed. “That’s Cajun sauce, Jocko, and you can’t have it.”
“We’ll see about that.” He stomped off and returned with a short guy in thick glasses who stared at my top. Next thing I knew, the guy sniffed at my blouse.
“Watch it.” I swallowed the string of names I wanted to call him.
“She’s right, it smells like Cajun sauce.” The guy in glasses nodded in confirmation.
***
Cookie’s Florida Cajun Chicken (Hot enough to make anybody confess)
Ingredients:
sea salt (hold back on this)
black pepper
red pepper (cayenne)
garlic powder
onion powder
nutmeg
parsley flakes (crunched)
chili powder
washed and drained chicken pieces
olive oil
Directions:
Blend spices—the hotter the better
Place the Cajun mixture in a shaker
Coat bottom of frying pan (iron is best) with olive oil or use a brush to paint chicken pieces with oil 
Set chicken pieces in pan
Shake Cajun seasonings onto pieces – don’t be stingy!
Turn pieces and shake seasonings on again
Turn heat to medium
Turn pieces when they get crunchy
 Add a little more oil to the pan and a lot more Cajun seasoning to the chicken as you go
Remove pieces when they’re crispy and darkened; poke the pieces or cut off a small slice to test
Works with shrimp or fish, too!
***
Sergeant Dennehy put the paper he’d been writing on in front of me. “Sign this statement.” I signed. After taking my name, rank, blood type, and just about everything else he could think of, he handed me his business card. “Don’t leave town. We might want to talk to you some more. Call me if you remember anything more.”
The sergeant went over to a team of people gathered around Sam’s body. I grabbed my bag and slipped under the police tape. The sergeant had released me, but I still wasn’t out of this. 
I went down the hall, stopped off at my dress design closet, and pulled out a clean blouse. In the ladies' room, I switched tops and then headed for the elevator. When the doors opened, Lydia stood on the other side. 
With her peroxide hair in a frizzy top knot and her cackle of a voice, she reminded me of a chicken—a very hostile chicken. “Hi, just the person I was looking for.” Head bobbing, she hopped out and handed me a pink slip.
I stared at the small piece of paper, shocked. “What's this for?”
“You’ve been fired for not making your deadline with the spring collection.”
I breathed a sigh of relief to be released from the clutches of people like her and Mr. K. “What about that false embezzlement charge?”
“That still holds. If I were you, I’d get a lawyer.” She smiled. “There’s plenty in the phone book.” 
Now I had her. Oh yeah, smarty pants. “You better go to my studio. The police are already here, investigating a murder. There’s something on the floor they’re going to want to talk to you about.”
I watched the panic take over her face and stood staring at her until she stepped into the elevator and the doors closed. I put the pink slip into my pocket and took the stairs down.
Getting fired ranked in the "small potatoes" category compared to an embezzlement or murder charge. I rushed to my van and jumped in, relieved to be away from the crime scene.
A few minutes later, somewhere between Saw Palmetto Drive and Jacaranda Avenue, I settled on a plan. I'd convince Sam’s assistant to help me get out from under my ex-boss's false charges. Then somehow, I’d make sure the police didn’t point the finger of suspicion at me for Sam’s murder. 
***
I steered toward Venice Center and Sam’s office, thinking that my ex-boss and his assistant had to be in on this together, and I had to prove that before the cops came to arrest me. 
I pulled into a parking place in front of my PI’s office, a pink four-story stucco building with a red tile roof. 
My PI?He wasn’t anybody’s PI anymore.
The fern-green fluorescent sign flickered, and the S in Sam Falcone, Private Investigations, fizzled out. I should have recognized that as a bad omen the first time I saw it, especially coming from a family that believes an itchy hand means money's on the way and an itchy nose means someone’s looking for a fight. Right then, they both itched.
I got out of my van and listened to my high heels clack across the black-and-white tile in the entryway. Smelled like mildew in here. 
A little elbow grease and a picture or two on the walls wouldn't hurt. Even the battleship-gray paint didn't want to be there. It peeled off the wall above the doorways. The false charges against me swirled in my brain along with the image of Sam Falcone dead on the floor of my design studio. I slid my car keys into my jacket pocket and found a lost piece of a Tootsie Roll. I popped it into my mouth to make me feel better, and stepped into the elevator. A floor later, I scooted into Sam Falcone's office on a chocolate high. 
A couch ripped to smithereens, desk drawers with their contents dumped all over the floor, and a chair with a broken leg greeted me. I let out a low whistle. “Wow. What happened? We must have the same decorator.” 
“No…no…it was like this when I came to work this morning. Isn't it…just awful? I well…I called the police and they're going to come by, and least they said they would, but for now, they're on another call.” Rhonda Roddenberry, Sam’s assistant, a too-thin blonde, according to my scale of the universe, sat at the front desk in the middle of the mess. The fluorescent light outlined her snub nose and long legs. I debated whether to tell her what happened to her boss. She looked shell shocked already.
“Aren't you?...Ms. Berelli?” She turned dewy eyes charged with twenty-year-old energy in my direction. Straight hair set off her oval face, making the perfect frame. Her China doll skin and high cheekbones reminded me of a Vogue model.
“Call me, Cookie, and are you okay, Rhonda? Did somebody break in?”
Her chiffon blouse reminded me of a Marc Jacobs original with its deep neckline and snug pencil skirt. Sam’s office, on the other hand, looked like a bomb hit it.
“I think I’m okay… that is…as okay as I can be…considering. I wasn’t here when it happened. You’re…you're that fashion designer, right?”
“That’s me. I’ve got something important to tell you.”

Chapter 2

The whole thing about finding Rhonda’s boss (AKA my PI) dead on my design studio floor came spilling out. Dusty sunlight filtered between the walls of the room, giving it the look of an old celluloid movie, making me wish it was a movie, not my life. 
“You mean?...You mean?...He’s really…d-dead?” Rhonda stared at me, in shock.
“Yes. The paramedics took him away.”
“I just don't…I can't…believe it. It’s b-bad enough what happened to this office.” She glanced at the shambles around her.
“I know. It’s tough, but we’re going to have to act fast.”
“Why?” She gave me confused look and a tear rolled down her cheek.
“Because very soon, the police will be crawling all over here and they’re going to be talking to you about me.”
“Why…why you?”
“I found him. He was my PI. My boss accused me of embezzling money from his company. They’re going to think Mr. Falcone found out something to support that and I killed him.”
Rhonda gave me a glance somewhere between disbelief and sympathy. “They…they can’t think…that. You’re…you're a dress designer.”
“Hey, no profession has a hold on murder. Think about this for a minute. Whoever is trying to frame me may come after you, too.”
“M-me?” Rhonda’s face turned a greenish white.
“I’m not saying they will, but they killed Mr. Falcone.”
“You’re…you're r-right. We have to…do something.” More tears rolled down her cheeks.
“Okay.” I put my hands on her shoulders to steady her. “First we see if there’s anything in Mr. Falcone’s records to give us a clue about why he was killed.”
 “I’m not sure that’s…legal.” Rhonda ducked and glanced around as if she suspected someone might be watching.
 “I don’t think Sam’s going to complain, do you?”
Rhonda gave me a sad headshake. Walking like a funeral procession, we headed into his office. “The police will probably get here sometime soon,” I told her. “Please don’t tell them I was here.”
She nodded but she had a dazed look on her face that made me wonder if she’d heard a word I’d said. I rifled through files, searching for mine and finding nothing. That’s when I took two pralines out of my pocket and offered her one.

***
Grandma Berelli’s Pralines (Worth Going to Jail For!)
Combine in a large saucepan:
3 cups light or dark brown sugar
1 ½ cups evaporated milk
2 tablespoons butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract or vanilla bean (chopped)
Bring to a low boil. Keep stirring with a wooden spoon so mixture doesn’t stick
Other items you’ll need:
1 cup cold water or candy thermometer
Large piece of wax paper
2 cups whole pecans
Directions:
When candy thermometer reaches 260 degrees F. or when you drop a bit of the mixture into a cup of cold water and it forms a hard ball—remove the candy from the stove and beat the mixture briskly until it’s creamy and thick.
Drop tablespoons of the mixture on the waxed paper, placing two pecans on top of each praline. Let cool and store in an airtight container.
Makes about 40, 2-inch pralines or 20 really big ones
***
The phone rang and I rushed to answer while Rhonda sat in her chair, a dazed look still on her face. It could be the guy who killed Sam Falcone calling to threaten us. It could even be the police, coming to arrest me now that they had proof positive I killed my own PI.
The call turned out to be for Rhonda. I gave her the receiver and she spoke in soft, stilted words. 
Wanting to give her some privacy, I moved to the other side of the room and peered out the window. No police around. Maybe they hadn't discovered Sam Falcone's address or maybe they'd decided not to investigate. Sure, and maybe the Venice Little Leaguers would win the World Series.
Rhonda hung up the phone and stood up. She looked pretty shaky. 
“Maybe you better rest,” I told her.
“No…no… I have to go out. You..you stay and keep…keep looking through these f-files.”
“You sure?” I stared into her eyes. “Should you be going out alone after what just happened to your boss?”
“I’m…fine…fine. I’ll…I'll be b-back soon,” she said with more oomph than I’d heard in her voice yet. Of course, I didn’t really know Rhonda, but she struck me as a quiet, strait-laced type. Nice, but not given to wild behavior. Besides, I had to trust her. I couldn’t very well strap her down in the chair or follow her around. I didn’t know her well enough for that yet.
I found another file cabinet in the closet I hadn’t seen before and amused myself looking through it. I found case reports on everything from finding missing loved ones, to heirs to a hot sauce factory to deadbeat dads and even military personnel. He had reams of reports on tailing people. I found nothing about me or my ex-boss. If he had a folder for me, which he should have, it wasn’t in this office.
After all that work, I needed sustenance. I dug my way through the bag and found a some ultra sweet grapes nestled next to a couple of juicy strawberries. Digging down farther, I discovered a chocolate bar melted into a luscious dip. I’d barely finished off the feast and topped it off with half a bottle of mineral water when I heard the elevator door squeak open.

Chapter 3
When I stuck my head out into the hallway outside Sam Falcone's office, I spied Rhonda stepping out of the elevator. She looked worse than I felt. Shoulder-length hair in clumps, she walked toward me, her skirt hanging in crooked folds from her waist like she'd been mugged. 
"Sorry. I had to…to go out. A couple of…of emergencies." Her voice sounded strained.
I put a hand on the secretary's shoulder. "You okay?"
She carried herself like a besieged character from a Dickens’ story. I tried to think of something comforting to say.
Rhonda pulled her shoulder out from under my grip with a look of confusion on her face. "I'm…all right. What are you doing here?"
"I waited to help you close up the office."
The dew had gone out of her eyes. Even her hair looked drab, and the corners of her mouth descended in despair. “I've been at the…police station. They called me after Mr. Falcone’s…body…oh, my…arrived at the hospital." She slumped into a beat-up couch that might have once belonged in her boss's office. 
"Take it easy. Take it easy. How did they find you?"
Tears glistened in her eyes while dark circles of gloom gathered underneath. "They…they found my business card in his in his wallet. It had…my cell phone number on it and they…they called me."
The reserve bag of malted milk balls in my pocketbook called to me. I whipped one out and popped it into my mouth. "I'm so sorry about your boss. You didn't by any chance tell them about me, did you?"
She managed to convey both shock and hurt. "Of…course not. Why would I? It's…it's that crazy Bulgaria I'm worried about. I knew…I knew he would come after…Sam. Poor Sam. I told the police to watch out for him."
"What crazy Bulgarian?" I switched to what sounded like a more neutral topic and plunked down on the couch next to Rhonda, wondering how far away from me the police sirens were. At least the finger of suspicion didn't point to me yet.
Tears slid down her face and her shoulders started to shake. She'd probably been holding back for a long time. I felt a rush of sympathy and put my hand on her arm, hoping to provide some comfort. 
A minute later, she took out a handkerchief and blew her nose. "Sam…Sam did some marital investigations for Yuri Yarutska. He threatened to kill…kill anyone who even t-talked to his wife."
"I was here when the ambulance guys took your boss to the hospital, but I didn't see any Bulgarian around."
Rhonda's eyes glinted as if she were remembering something. "Which…hospital? I think the police…must have told me, but by the time they were through with me…I couldn't remember…anything."
"That must have been tough. The paramedics gave me a receipt." 
A receipt, like a coat checked in at a fancy restaurant. Received, one dead body with bullet holes in it. May be a quart or two low on blood. Claim it in the morgue.
I took the slip of paper out of my bag and stared at it. "Memorial Hospital, 245 Doctor’s Drive."
Rhonda stood up, tottered, and fell back into the couch. "This has been some…day. Did you find…anything in the files?"
“Nothing.”
Rhonda rubbed her forehead. “Did…did you check in the inner office?”
“No, but I will.” I patted the secretary's hand. "Rest a minute. I'll go call to see if the family’s claimed him." Rhonda stared straight ahead, eyes vacant.
Leaving her with a box of tissues, I went into Sam Falcone’s inner office. Somebody had done it severe damage. I hoped they hadn't been looking for my file, but then how would they know I'd probably been the last person he'd called before he'd been shot? At least whoever had been there hadn't pulled the phone out of the wall. It hung off the stand, hidden under a pile of folders. 
I stared down at the clutter, wondering if I'd find my file in it. I remembered my PI’s last words to me. "Your hunch was right on target. I’ll see you tomorrow at work, and I'll show you what I have."
Whatever he'd found could be in that mess. On hands and knees, I scavenged through the rubble, searching for a folder with my name on it or any kind of clue.
Finding nothing recognizable, I rushed to Rhonda's desk, and opened the cabinet by the wall. The names in the top drawer spun by as I ticked them off with my fingers. Anderson, Bartell, Bestzinski. No Berelli.
Either Rhonda failed filing or someone had messed up the order. I quickly inspected the rest of the folders. Still no Berelli. I could have been delirious, but I remembered Mr. Falcone writing things down when he'd interviewed me. He'd have put his notes somewhere. I came up empty after a look-see through the rest of the drawers.
I spun around trying to figure out what Sam Falcone had done with my file. Maybe he hadn't had time to make one, or maybe he had it on his desk. Then a more insidious idea flew into my head. Maybe the guy who killed Sam took it. 
Thinking Sam Falcone’s secretary might know something, I ran out into the hallway. "Rhonda, have you seen my file?"
She gazed up at me, eyes glazed, her fingers working in her lap. "File?"
I stared at Rhonda wedged tight in the sofa and the worst of all possible ideas struck. "Your boss might even have been shot because of me." 
Her face showed a delicate dimension of sensitivity before she threw me an are-you-crazy-glance. "What…What?"
"I told your boss about Mr. K. and how I'd been accused of embezzlement. He called me yesterday and said he had some evidence to show me and then blam, Mr. Falcone ends up murdered."
Rhonda sat up straighter and her eyes appeared a little more alert. "What?"
"You're right. What does one thing have to do with the other? But, listen, maybe there's something hidden somewhere in Sam’s things about me that would help us solve who tried to kill him, and why Mr. K. is framing me."
"Framing you?"
"Okay, so I'm a little off in left field here. I'll call the hospital and we can talk about all this later."
 She nodded and I felt myself deflating. Why did I always get so excited about everything and think I had all the answers? It was a Berelli trait. My dad had it and so did my brother, Joey. It might even be in our genes, but I tend to think it's probably learned. Then again, it could be from eating too much garlic.
Back in Sam's office, I retrieved his phone from under the files, dialed information, and got the hospital’s number. When a woman answered, I asked her, "Do you have a Sam Falcone there?" 
I paused, debating whether I should claim him as my uncle. I'd been around hospitals long enough to know they only let family know details.
Before I could decide, a woman on the other end spoke with a friendly voice. “We have no admissions by that name.”
 I hesitated for an instant, trying to think of a way to worm my way in. Finally, I hit on an angle. "He wasn’t exactly admitted. He was murdered."
After a pause, the woman said. "Oh, then you want the morgue. I’ll transfer you." She came back on a few minutes later. “No one’s answering there. If you like, you can come over here. Just ask at the desk when you get here."
I hung up the phone and went back out into the hall. Rhonda had disentangled herself from the couch. She paced back and forth on the green carpet, mumbling to herself something about "Poor Sam," and "Why?"
Hands clamped down on her shoulders, I hope to slow her down. "I know. It’s tough, but we’ll work this out. Together. You and me." 
Rhonda started to snivel again. I couldn't tell if she had more than a professional relationship with her boss or whether something else weighed her down.
She grabbed hold of my hand. "What are we going to do? As far as I know he…Sam…my boss…only had an ex-wife. I doubt she even cares about him." Rhonda stopped pacing. "Oh, dear…I’ll have to handle the arrangements."
I hated funeral homes, but I had to help Rhonda. After all, my embezzlement case might have triggered his death. 
Lies welled up inside me. Did all investigators make things up as they went along? My Norwegian side shook its head in disgust and guilt. My Italian side worried if the PI had any news on the embezzlement that would help me, and chanted, "Get the guy who did this."
"I have to go and take care of Mr. Falcone…Sam…but I don't think I can." Rhonda turned and shuffled toward the elevator. 
I called after her. "You better not drive, Rhonda, let me take you."
She turned and smiled through her tears. "Would you?"
"Sure, but shouldn't we put a message on the phone or a note on the door in case anyone comes by?"
Rhonda stared at me, her eyes not focusing. 
"That's okay, I'll do it. You wait right here." She nodded and I raced back into the office, feeling in charge. Confidence started to seep out of me when I couldn't even find a pencil. 
Down on my hands and knees on the floor, I grabbed a leaky pen out from under two broken drawers. After searching for a few minutes, I settled for a flier announcing the grand opening of Bella’s Cappuccino Bar. I turned it over and printed out in big letters back in an hour. A roll of scotch tape glimmered up at me from the floor. On my way out, I grabbed a piece and stuck the note on the door.
Rhonda perched on the edge of the couch in the hall, touching it gently, a faraway gleam in her eyes. She’d be no help at all in her current state. 
I didn't care that my fingerprints were all over my PI’s office. If the police came by to examine the crime scene, they would have my prints, but they had nothing to compare them to. I went back, took the sign off the door and crumpled it. No sense letting anyone know I'd been here.
I jingled my car keys. "Come on, let's go."
Rhonda stood up and followed, moving like a sleepwalker. In the elevator, she blew her nose three times. Either the emergencies she'd had that day had done her in or she cared a lot more about her boss than she'd showed yesterday.
Running around the side of my van, I opened the passenger side for Rhonda. I waited for her to crawl in before I slammed the door shut.
"I'm…I'm so sorry." She turned to me after I scrambled into the driver's seat. "I know you came…you must have come here for a reason." Tears glistened in her eyes. 
"That's okay. You're really upset, aren't you?"
"I had to…oh, my…put my mother in a…a nursing home after she…fell and broke her hip…then the office…and now Sam."
I slid the key into the ignition. "They say things come in threes."
She blew her nose. "You think that's it?"
"I hope so. Don't know if this ticker can stand much more excitement." I started the van and we drove off. 
Rhonda started sobbing again.
I pulled out a chocolate delight from my pocket. "Here, have a malted milk ball." 
She stared at the candy with a look somewhere between disgust and fear. "No…no thanks. Chocolate…well it makes me…break out." 
"Too bad. Great stuff. I read somewhere that it has an enzyme or something that has the same effect as marijuana. It's very calming."
Rhonda stared at me and hiccupped. "Really? Give me…one."
I handed her a ball and waited until she'd swallowed one before I said, "I think we need to join forces."
The breeze blew a strand of Rhonda's hair into her eyes and she pushed it back with an impatient hand. "To do…what?"
Rhonda wasn’t remembering things very well so I repeated my idea about joining forces. 
We rounded the corner of Jefferson Street while Rhonda popped another malted milk ball into her mouth. "Even if that's…true…you don't know anything about… investigating."
"That's true, but you can help me. It’s not exactly plastic surgery, is it? Besides, if your boss got shot because of what he found out about me, I'd feel really guilty if we didn't check this lead out."
"How can they be connected?"
"Maybe they aren't, but a friend who recommended your boss to me said Mr. Falcone had done some work for employees there, and probably made an enemy or two, including my ex-boss. That could be the connection."
"He did help with wrongful firing at Florida Fashions."
I tried to think of a delicate way to ask my next question. Not finding any, I just blurted it out. "By the way, you don't think I shot your boss, do you?"
She twisted her face into a suspicious expression. "Did you?"
My mission, should I accept, was to convince her. I needed her help badly to get me out from under the embezzlement fiasco and maybe even a murder charge. "Of course not. You don't know me, but if I'd tried to kill him, do you think I'd come back here?"
She sniffed and wiped her eyes. Her next words came out controlled and calm. "You're…right…we have to trust each other."
Pulling up to the stop sign, I stared her in the eye. "That's right, because we're all we've got." 
"True…true."
I handed her another milk ball. 
She tossed the piece of candy into her mouth. The furrows on her face disappeared and her shoulders stopped trembling. "You know, I've been helping…Sam…Mr. Falcone with his investigations.  I've learned a lot. Since his wife left him…I've been doing most of the work for him." 
"You have? That’s great." Rhonda had been sneaking around and spying on people. I gazed at her with new respect.
She popped another malted milk ball into her mouth. "You have to promise to help me find out what happened to Mr. Falcone first…then maybe I can help…clear you of embezzlement."
"That sounds great. Got any ideas of how to proceed?"
"Money has to go in a bank account…somewhere. The Cayman Islands…a good place to look."
“Eugene might know something about that. He’s the company snoop and has his nose in everything. I even found him reading Mr. K’s mail once. We have to find him.”
“Do you know where he lives?”
“We can look in the phone book. If that doesn’t work I have another idea.”
I screeched my van to a halt, reached over and pulled Rhonda into a hug. She smelled of Palmolive soap and malted milk balls. We were partners now and there was no turning back.
***
Aunt Hazels’ Malted Milk Balls (Sweet enough to make prison stays bearable)
Ingredients:
2-3 egg whites
3/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 tablespoons cocoa powder
2 tablespoons chocolate malt powder
Chocolate for dipping
Directions:
Mix cocoa and malt powder together
Preheat oven to 225
Beat egg whites until frothy
Add sugar slowly and beat until you see firm peaks or until you’re tired
Fold in the cocoa & malt powder
Make small balls and drop them onto an oiled baking sheet
Bake for about an hour—but keep checking
Turn off oven, stick a wooden spoon in the door to hold it open and let 
sit for another hour
Dip in melted chocolate
Yum, yum!
***
When we got to the hospital Rhonda stayed in the elevator for a downward descent, while I got off at reception. I did not pass go and went right to the nurses’ station. “Do you have a phone book I could look at?” I asked a blonde nursing student in a blue uniform. 
The skinny girl smiled at me and put a phone book on the counter. “Do you need a piece of paper and a pen?”
“No, thanks.” Eugene once told me he wanted to be like his idol Cher, and so he only used his last name. I found only one Eugene, an E. Eugene in the phone book. I copied down the address and phone number and returned the phone book to the counter.
I reached for my cell phone and came up empty. Must have dropped it at the crime scene. That would be helpful. Now they'd have all my phone numbers and my fingerprints.
Sweating by then, I found a phone and tried to contact Eugene. 
No answer.
***
I'd been sitting in the waiting room at Memorial Hospital for what seemed like hours, doing the crossword puzzle in the newspaper and having a devil of a time getting 4 down.
After I'd bugged the nurse in charge about fifty times, she decided to send an aide down to find out about Rhonda. I would have gone down myself but A) we might miss each other coming and going, and 2) I hate morgues more than funeral homes, and I really hate funeral homes.
"Oh, my…You should have…seen him." Rhonda came out of the elevator with the smell of the morgue on her. She turned heartsick eyes on me. The flesh of her face took on on a deeper gray color, and she gulped air like a snorkeler coming out of the water. 
The hospital smell of disinfectant and floor wax gave me the creeps. I drained my soda can and when I walked over to Rhonda my shoes made squishy noises on the black-and-white corridor tiles. "Are you okay?"
Her voice came out barely above a whisper. "He looked so…so pale."
I lied. "That's not so bad. All dead people do."
Her hair fell over her face and she didn't bother brushing it back. "He had…glassy eyes." 
I grabbed my new partner by the arm. She was in no state to do anything. "Let's get out of here."
Rhonda leaned on me all the way down the hall. I maneuvered the smaller woman toward the door while she sniffled into her handkerchief. “Angel…I don't believe it…She chose a funeral home.”
"Come on, kiddo." I pulled her to my van. “Maybe Angel cared about him more than you thought." I didn’t really believe that, and I don’t think Rhonda did either. "By the way, who's Angel?"
She slobbered into a hankie. "His…his…ex-wife."
We climbed in my van and I started the engine.
The Butterfinger bar I'd put there for emergencies felt warm and soft in my pocket. I unwrapped the oozing chocolate confection and offered a piece to my companion. She hesitated and then grabbed for it.
"Try this on for size. What if the guy who shot your boss comes back to finish us off?" 
She chewed her candy and swallowed. "What?" 
"Staying in the old office isn't safe. Whoever did this doesn’t know what you know or even what I know. But you can bet they want to know and they’ll be around to find out. Besides, the police aren't going to let us do any work in there until they finish their investigation." I glanced at Rhonda, hoping she wasn't still lost back at the nursing home, signing her mother in.
She planted an elbow on her upper knee and rested her chin on her cupped hand. 
"There's an empty office on the third floor of the next building…but move Sam's…Mr. Falcone's practice?"
"Why not? We wouldn't even have to go far, but we'd have a different base of operation, a different phone number and be harder to find. Whoever tried to kill your boss wasn't kidding. He could come back. Maybe we’d better get an office on the other side of town."
I pulled into traffic and had to slow down when a red Honda decided to play tag with an SUV.
Rhonda shivered, probably from letting the grizzly facts sink in. "But…but maybe we should talk to the police."
"No buts."
Gratitude floated across her fine features and a squeaky laugh came out of her mouth.
A black sedan roared out of the traffic and pulled alongside my van. A man in the driver’s seat smiled at me and I saw something gold gleaming in his mouth. Another man in the passenger seat pointed a gun at us, his finger on the trigger.
Terror ran up me like electricity through a frayed cord. I jammed my foot on the gas pedal and swerved around the next corner.
"You know those guys?" I shouted.
Rhonda shook her head furiously, eyes wide with fear. "No."
"They act like they know who we are." I pushed harder on the gas pedal.
I rounded a corner and heard a loud BLAM.
"What was that?" Rhonda motioned toward the back of the van and held onto the doorknob with white-knuckled fingers.
"I’m not sure." I took the next corner at fifty miles an hour. Tires squealed, splaying a shower of dust and stones behind us.
A quick peek in the rear view mirror told me the sedan hung behind us, millimeters from the back of my van. My mind raced. What were you supposed to do if someone followed you? Words flashed across my mind Go to the police station or some public place. Do not go home.
The closest police station had to be five miles away. The mall loomed ahead, but if I pulled in there at the speed we were going, I'd probably kill half a dozen people. I reached for my 911 cell phone, but couldn’t find it under my seat where I usually kept it. 
Either I'd taken it inside my house or someone played a trick on me. "Do you have a cell phone?"
She shrugged.
Great, we were being pursued by killers and we had no options other than to keep driving. It suddenly occurred to me that maybe Rhonda and I shouldn't be working together. I talked myself out of that one fast. We were working together and it had to stay that way.
I glanced in her direction. "Is your seat belt on, Rhonda?" 
She tightened her seat belt.
I kept my eyes on the road, mumbling things like, "Lose them," and "This can't be happening." I pushed down on the gas pedal and the van surged ahead. One wrong move or bad timing, and we'd both be dead. 
A quick turn and our vehicle skidded across the pavement. My heart pounded so hard I thought it might jump up my throat. Hands shaking, I forced the steering wheel to the right. Tires squealed again and we made a 360 degree turn.
Dizzy from the excitement and that turn, I glanced in the rear view mirror. The black sedan closed in on us, racing along behind, eating our dust. It followed, nearly soaring through the air, wheels leaving the ground and flying over potholes, then banging back down again. 
"No." She grabbed my arm and pointed to a sign.
Riverview Tunnel. Do Not Enter. I didn't want to chance meeting a car coming out, but what was I going to do, let the maniacs in the car stop us for good? 
"Hold on," I shouted to her.
I almost jerked the wheel to the left and missed the opening. Only force of will kept my hands holding fast. We zoomed into blackness. The car engine sounded like a turbine in the echo.
"Wrong way." Rhonda screamed.
I gunned it through at sixty miles an hour, air streaming in the window, breath catching in my throat. Advancing on the other end of the tunnel, the light blazed in my eyes.
I squinted to see. For a minute I was blinded, and then I blinked.
A big truck roared up the access road, heading straight toward us. 

Chapter 4

With Rhonda bracing herself in the passenger seat and me flooring my van, we streaked out of the tunnel and onto the embankment. The truck driver we faced leaned on his horn. His brakes screeched into a lower gear and his cab gyrated. Sparks flew and he swerved, nearly hitting us. I careened past, not daring to breathe. 
A second later, I peered in the rear view mirror. The truck picked up speed and roared into the tunnel. 
Rhonda slid down, hands tight over both eyes. Her voice came out soft and scratchy. "Are we through? What happened?"
I licked my lips and took a deep breath. "We're okay." 
Rhonda slumped back in her seat. "What about the guys following us?"
"They won't be able to get through now. They'll have to wait for the truck." I stepped on the gas and we scooted away. 
I slipped my hand into the side pocket of the door, pulled out a package of red licorice and handed it to Rhonda. She unwrapped it while I headed back toward Sam Falcone’s office. “I think we are going to have to get another office. They know who we are and where we are. If we’re going to investigate Sam’s death, we need to do it from somewhere else.”
Rhonda just gave me a blank stare. Still shaking, I wanted to kick myself because we'd lost the black sedan.
In downtown Venice, I parked in front of Mr. Falcone's office and met Rhonda on the sidewalk. We clung to each other and glanced around for the car that had chased us, but I didn't see it. Either they didn’t know where we were or they’d only intended to scare us. 
We walked into the lobby discussing, what to do. Rhonda put forth her idea. "I'll see if I can find the maintenance man to help us move some of the files, but he isn’t around much."
It didn't sound promising. I motioned to Rhonda. "Let me give my brother a call."Rhonda raised an eyebrow and I smiled at her. "He owes me one. Let him help." 
She shrugged and we went up to Sam Falcone's office. I picked up the phone, dialed my brother's number, and put my hand over the receiver. "Joey's supposed to be learning the real estate business, but he spends more time charming women than he does at the office." 
I turned and spoke into the phone. "Joey, where you been?"
He gave me a lame excuse about having to drive to Tampa, but I interrupted him. "Hold it, Joey. Bring some of those jock friends of yours over here, the ones with the big muscles."
"I can get Mikey and Dave, but what’s in it for me?"
"Don't worry, there'll be pizza. Bring the beer and get over here." I gave him Sam’s name and address and told him the third floor.
I hung up and stared at Rhonda. "Wait until you see who shows up. Maybe I should've ordered some bananas for the gorillas he's bringing with him."
"Don't we have to rent an office first?"
"That’s right. Who's the manager of the place?"
"Mr. Swenson. His office is on the first floor."
I laughed. A Norwegian? Being half-Norwegian I knew their mannerisms and weak points. "This should be a snap. Let's go down and rent it."
Rhonda gave me a worried glance. "I don't know about this."
"You still not sure? What about those guys with the gun who tried to run us off the road?"
She opened a desk drawer and took out an envelope. 
"What's in there?" I leaned over to see.
"Payment for Mr. Falcone’s last job. The guy paid in cash. It should be enough for two month’s rent and leave a little for expenses."
Happy I had convinced her, I pulled Rhonda out of the office. "Let's go. Bring the important files with you."
"Why?"
"In case somebody pays Mr. Falcone's office another visit before we get back."
***
The building manager's door swung open a crack and a pair of wire-rimmed glasses appeared in the narrow opening. A scuzzy-looking sleeve and a hand with bitten off fingernails showed up next. The man behind them didn't want to open the door, not by the protective way he held his hand on the knob. 
"What do you want?" The voice sounded nasal, male, and demanding.
"You have an office for rent?" I put my weight against the door and shoved it open halfway.
That must have pushed him away from the door because he turned more conciliatory. "Come in." 
Rhonda and I squeezed through the entryway into the dimly lit room while he backed away. Worry lines increased on his face and he kept looking at our hands. That made me want to shout, "Yes, they're clean, absolutely germ free. We just washed them."
Not that he was an expert in cleanliness. The cramped space smelled of sauerkraut and dirty money. A worn desk and chair filled most of the cubicle. Piles of newspapers covered half the floor and a stuffed owl that reeked of moth balls hung on the wall.
Skinny, with very little street smarts and what I read as a big fear of torture, the landlord struck me as a man who ate his herring pickled, not creamed, and who saved his money rather than enjoyed spending it. He wore suspenders and a green eyeshade. That getup reminded me of what a card dealer in Las Vegas might wear. 
Since he only had one chair and he wasn't exactly Mr. Manners, we had to stand by his desk while he sat, gazing up at us. "What can I help you with, ladies?"
Rhonda stepped forward. "Don't you recognize me, Mr. Swenson?" 
Even he wasn't immune to the revealing wonders of her dress. He blinked, stared through his bifocals, and struggled to his feet. "Miss Roddenberry." 
"Yes, Mr. Falcone's assistant."
 At the mention of the PI’s name, the manager's nose crinkled, as if he'd caught a whiff of limburger cheese. Figuring Joey was on his way over with a couple of bruisers and we needed to take possession fast, I barged my way into the conversation. "We want to rent that office on the third floor."
"It is for rent. But, I have to tell you, it's a little bigger than Mr. Falcone's, and the previous renters had to leave in a hurry, so the phone is still connected. That means it costs a little more."
I leaned my full weight on the edge of his desk. "How much more?"
He ducked back against his straight-backed chair. I outweighed him by at least thirty pounds and I wasn't above sitting on him until he cried uncle. He reminded me of my mother's brother, Oscar. His wife ruled him with an iron hand, was four inches taller, and outweighed him by two sledge hammers. All she had to do was lean toward him with malice in her eyes and he said, "Yes, dear," to whatever Aunt Ermentrude wanted.
I gave him an Aunt Ermentrude stare. The guy's head retreated into his neck like a frightened turtle and his voice squeaked in submission. "Then again, they forgot to paint the bathroom when they did that remodeling. I'll tell you what. I'll let you have it for the same rent as Mr. Falcone's." 
He glanced up at me to see if I had moved any closer. I considered pulling another Aunt Ermentrude. Instead, I slammed my fist on the desk. "We'll take it."
He snatched a rental agreement out of his desk drawer and indicated where a signature went. Rhonda handed him the first and last month's rent in cash, and he shoved a receipt her way. 
His last words were, "Thank you, ladies." Like the sterling gentleman I knew him to be, he remained seated, not bothering to open the door for us.
***
Rhonda and I found our way to the new office we'd just rented. We started to work immediately. Rhonda flipped through the files she'd brought along. She sat on the inside window ledge in our larger and newly-remodeled suite on the third floor of Sam Falcone's office building complex. 
Traffic on the boulevard hummed outside and a dove flew onto the landing outside the window. The bird walked along the ledge, cooing and ruffling its feathers. Although I had no idea what that meant, I hoped it was a good sign. 
I glanced around the office. “You’re going to need more furniture. What about Mr. Falcone’s?”
Rhonda nodded. “I guess so.” She sniffed into a handkerchief. “He won’t be using it.” 
I reminded her Sam Falcone had been investigating the phony embezzlement charge against me. "I'll make you a deal. You trace the money my boss says I took, and I’ll find out who put the slugs in your boss." 
She nodded agreement and I took the first step toward fulfilling my part of the contract. "Where's the file for the crazy Rumanian you told me about?" 
"Bulgarian." Rhonda handed me a file. 
"What?"
"Mr. Yarutska is Bulgarian, and boy, does he have a temper."
I scrutinized the folder. "You think he might have killed Mr. Falcone?"
"I don't think so, but who knows what people will do?"
I poured over the pages of notes and forms. No mention of threats appeared in Mr. Falcone's records, but maybe he didn't have time to write them down, or maybe he didn't think they were important. He probably got a lot of warnings from irate husbands, especially the ones who were a little crazy. "Did you ever hear him bully your boss?" 
Rhonda combed her hair back with her fingers. "No, but he shouted a lot. Mr. Falcone told me Mr. Yarutska called a couple of times and told him not to talk to his wife. Tail her, but don't talk to her."
Before I got far into the file, the front door popped open and in sauntered Joey, his hi-top red sneakers squeaking across the wood floor. He'd stuffed a six pack under each arm of his cutoff yellow sweatshirt and crammed packets of beer nuts into the pockets of his tight jeans. The fluorescent light gleamed off his tanned arms, lit his eyes with humor and gleamed over his hair, which he'd slicked back with enough mousse to keep King Kong from sliding off the top of the Empire State Building.
"Where's the pizza?" He dropped the beer on the floor and grabbed me into a hammer lock.
I did a reverse turn out of the hold and tweaked his ear. It paid to watch wrestling on TV. 
He gave Rhonda an admiring glance.
I punched his arm. "Don't worry about the pizza. I’ll order it."
"I'm Joey," he said to Rhonda in the really deep voice he reserved for impressing the ladies.
Was that a sigh coming out of her lips?
I introduced him to Rhonda with the proviso, "Watch out for him, he's a heartbreaker."
Joey gave Rhonda a sexy smile and took her hand. Color flashed up her face when he moved closer and stared into her eyes, 
"Enough of that." I parted them and gave Joey a shove toward the door.
While he and Rhonda made eyes at each other, I called Pizza House and ordered two large with the works. 
Rhonda gazed up from her files when I hung up the phone. "Why do you think those guys in the black sedan were after us?"
I sat down on the edge of her desk. "I don't know, but I'll bet you two Hershey bars they have something to do with Mr. Falcone’s murder."
“You had two guys in a black sedan after you?” Joey looked impressed like he wished he had guys with guns following him.
"You think they shot him?" Rhonda said in disbelief.
"I think we better hurry up and find them before they come after us again. Next time they might get lucky." I tried to sound calm, but inside my heart hammered. This could get dangerous.
"You could be right. Let's get back to the files." She handed me a bunch of folders.
I stared at the stack of information that looked as if it would take a week to get through. "What else was your boss working on?"
"Not much. After Angel got the divorce, he'd been hitting the bottle pretty hard."
I opened the first file. "He investigated my phony embezzlement case. I’ll bet he dug up something important and maybe those guys that chased us found out about it."
Rhonda closed the folder she'd been reading. "Sounds possible. What do you want me to do?"
"Make a few phone calls and see what you can find out at Florida Fashions.” I turned to Joey. “Where are those friends you said you’d bring?”
“Probably lost somewhere. I’ll have a look-see.” He smiled at Rhonda and left.
"Who should I call?" Rhonda started to blush when Joey turned around and waved to her.
What it was about Joey that turned on the ladies, I wasn’t sure. "Lydia Feinstein, Mr. K's second-in-command, for starters. Tell her you know who shot Mr. Falcone. Maybe we can shake her branches and get her to spill something. Here's the number." I set a Florida Fashions card on the desk in front of Rhonda. 
She picked up the phone, dialed, and pushed a button on the console so I could hear both sides of the conversation. "Ms. Feinstein?" 
"This is Lydia Feinstein. Who's calling?" She spoke in a tinny voice.
Lydia had to be in on this somehow. I had a gut feeling about it, and I was rarely wrong when that happened.
"I'm a friend of Mr. Falcone," Rhonda said in a polite tone.
The silence hung in the air, punctuated by the background sound of sewing machines and the soft clickety-click of a computer keyboard. "I don't know anybody named Falcone,” I heard Lydia say. “Who is this?"
I whispered to Rhonda. "Tell her your name is Ayn Rand. She won't have a clue."
Rhonda shrugged and spoke into the phone. "This is Ayn Rand."
Lydia Feinstein's voice turned frosty. "I don’t know you, either. Now, if you'll excuse me."
Rhonda pleaded. "Don't hang up. I need to talk to you."
"Hurry up,” Lydia said in an impatient tone. “I have a meeting in five minutes."
I whispered again. "Tell her you found a file saying that Mr. Falcone investigated some people for them."
Rhonda nodded. "I'm reading a file that says Mr. Falcone did some private investigating for you. I wonder if you can tell me about it."
"I don't know about any file," Lydia said.
I didn’t care what she said. I knew she was lying.
"Did you know someone shot Mr. Falcone yesterday?" Rhonda covered her mouth and looked embarrassed like she knew she'd said too much.
"I told you,” Lydia said. “I don't know the man."
"He knows you,” Rhonda said, sounding more confident. “Your name is mentioned in this file."
"I don't know how that could be," Lydia said.
"Me, either.” Rhonda winked at me. “You sure you don't know Mr. Falcone?"
This was getting us nowhere fast, but I couldn't think of a way to get Lydia to talk. Before I could come up with a plan, she spoke again.
"I have to get off now. Good-bye." The receiver clicked dead and Rhonda replaced the phone on the desk.
I tapped my pen on the counter, 99.99% sure Lydia held back on what she knew. To Rhonda I said, "She hung up on you. That could mean she's guilty." 
Rhonda shrugged. "Or it could mean, she doesn't know a thing."
Holding my nostrils pinched closed, I picked up the phone Rhonda had just used. I re-dialed Lydia at Florida Fashions and asked her to put Mr. Kiekhofer on.
Her voice sounded disgusted, making me wonder if she might have recognized me despite my expert disguise. "Mr. Kiekhofer is out of the office today." 
I told her I'd call back and turned to Rhonda. "See, he won't get on because he knows something."
She put a hand on my shoulder. "Maybe he won't answer because he doesn't know anything."
"I think Lydia is running interference for him."
Rhonda glanced at her watch. "Hasn't your brother been gone a long time?"
I wanted to say, “Don’t tell me you miss him,” but I held my smart mouth comments and told her, "With all that brain power, they're probably figuring out how to get up to the third floor. I'll go get them."
When I stepped off the elevator, they were all in the lobby, jostling. My brother stood next to two guys who reminded me of offensive guards. They wore gold football jerseys with white numbers on them. One had a black eye and the other had his fingers taped, probably from some football scrimmage.
I walked over to my brother. "Jeez, Joey, what are you doing?" 
"What do you think I'm doing? The directory over there on the wall says you're on the second floor, but you told me third. We're deciding where to go."
I grabbed him by the shoulder. "Joey, you saw the new office. You were there. You know where it is."
He stared at me, looking like my words hadn't sunk in. I tried again, this time zinging them all. "Kind of like asking a first grader to explain the theory of relativity, isn't it, boys?"
They all scowled at me. Joey and I marched over to the elevator. It was nearly full, but Joey and I squeezed on. "Take the next elevator, guys,” I told them. “Just hit three and get off when it stops, and we'll meet you up there. Okay?" 
They both nodded, but that was no guarantee they'd registered what I'd said. Joey's friends waved goodbye like we were going on a long trip. I banged on the floor button and Joey gave me a pretend punch to the nose. "Watch it, girl, we're doing you the favor, not the other way around. Don't be such a wiseacre."
"Can't help it. It's in my genes." 
***
Twenty minutes later, after the four of us schlepped all the furniture from Sam Falcone’s office upstairs and planted it where Rhonda wanted it, she gave me a grateful glance. I popped two beers open and handed one to each guy. 
"Where's the pizza?" Joey took a sip of brew.
"It's coming, but first, I need a favor." 
He gave me a disgusted glance. "Great. What you want me to do, install a fireplace?"
"No. Go down to the office on the second floor, the one with Sam Falcone's name on it, and bring the typewriter and cabinet up here. You better bring the desk and chair, too. And the file cabinet."
"That all? Sure you don't want us to bring up the rug or a couch or maybe a grand piano?"
"No, that's all."
They came back with the goods and with everything finally in place, we sat around munching pizza and drinking beer. Mr. Falcone probably wouldn't have approved of the practice, but where he'd landed, doing what he was doing, he didn't have much say.
***
Cookie’s Pizza (From the Italian Side of the family)
Ingredients:
1 cup whole-wheat flour (so we can pretend we eat this for health reasons)
1/2 cup all-purpose flour, artichoke flour, cornmeal, or your favorite flour
1 package quick-rising yeast, about 2 teaspoons
3/4 teaspoon salt (or dulse if you’re a health nut)
1 cup hot water
2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil
Pizza Toppings: or use your favorites
Chopped olives
Chopped onions
Chopped artichoke hearts
Shaved soy (or regular) mozzarella cheese
Sliced Italian sausage or soy sausage
Tomato paste thinned with red wine and seasoned with fresh or dry basil and oregano, garlic powder, and pepper)
Directions:
Mix together whole-wheat flour, all-purpose flour, yeast, and salt 
Slowly add water and oil and pour into flour mixture until you have a
sticky ball (if you throw it at your wall and it sticks…just kidding)
Knead, adding water or flour to maintain a soft consistency
Put ball on lightly floured surface and let it sit for 20 minutes
Roll it out with rolling pin so it looks like a pizza
Put your pizza toppings on top
Bake the pizza on a cookie sheet at highest heat (500 degrees or so) on 
the bottom rack of oven until the bottom is crisp and golden, 10 to 14 
minutes
Optional: Use a stone oven for the best results, or invest in a pizza stone
Tip: Make pizza shell in advance (up to 2 days) and store in 
refrigerator in a lightly-oiled bowl covered with a damp cloth or towel
***
When Joey's beeper went off, the party broke up. "Thanks for your help, big brother." I gave him a hug.
"No problem." He kissed my cheek. "Come on, guys." He turned at the door. "Nice meeting you, Rhonda."
She smiled the kind of moonstruck smile I recognized. I'd seen it on so many women's faces before. 
After Joey and his friends left, I threw the rest of the beer cans in the waste basket I'd set up for recycling in Sam Falcone's new office, and dumped the empty pizza boxes in the garbage.
"Did Mr. Falcone have a camera he used when he trailed people?"
Rhonda pointed to the opposite wall. "Look in the cabinet."
I opened the door and mentally catalogued its contents. Pads of paper and boxes of pens jumbled together. Boxes of paper clips cozied up to ledgers. Underneath a box of rubber bands, an old silver-and-black camera glistened. I picked it up and slid the back open. "This is an oldie. There's no film in it."
Rhonda shrugged. "Mr. Falcone never left film in the camera. He used a separate roll for each case. Didn't want to mix up the photos, I guess."
"Maybe he left something somewhere to be developed."
Rhonda nodded. "Good idea. I'll call up Budzelli's and see."
I dug through the rest of the cabinet. "Is there more film?"
"Should be right there."
I reached in and pulled out a roll. I hadn't used anything but a digital camera in a long time, so I followed the directions in the case. I held up the finished product. "This right, Rhonda? Don’t want to use exposed film."
She examined the camera and handed it back to me. "It's fine." 
I grabbed my straw hat and bag. "I'm heading out. Don't go down to the old office tomorrow, just in case."She agreed, but gave me a strange look. I told her it might not be safe.
In case I needed it, I jotted down the number for the new office and Rhonda’s cell phone on a scrap of paper and shoved it into my pocket. "I'll call you when I get home if anything develops."
Rhonda handed me a pair of binoculars. "Take these. Mr. Falcone always said they came in handy."
Her voice sounded upset, but I had the impression something was holding her back from sharing the problem. Finally she said, "Something's missing here."
"What?" I wondered what could be that important to cause her such grief.
She paused and I heard her breathing. A minutes later, she said, "Some files."
Files? I didn't see why missing files were so important, but then I didn't claim to understand the workings of a private investigator's office. "Do you know which ones aren't there?"
My questions loosened her tongue and she started talking more freely. "I don't know what's missing. This happened once before. After that, Mr. Falcone insisted I keep a copy of the summaries at home."
"That's good. At least you have a copy. When can you find out which files you don't have?"
"As soon as I get home."
"That's great. You will let me know as soon as you find out, won't you?"
"Sure, I'll call you. Give me a number where I can reach you tonight."
I repeated my home phone number and left. Outside again, I contemplated the importance of the missing files. The man in the black sedan with the gun might have stolen mine. He was my best suspect at the moment, but I didn't even know his name, let alone where to find him.
I wriggled into my van and headed home. Sigmund had to be famished. I should have saved that last piece of pizza for him. I reminded myself of my mother sometimes, feeding everyone except myself when I got upset. Back home, after I’d picked up Sigmund from Mrs. Kitzel’s, I settled for a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and a Pepsi. 
Déjà vu. When I was little, my mother used to give me peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and send me out into the yard to camp out under a big flannel blanket she'd flung over two rows of the clothesline. I took my comic books, a canteen full of water and a bag of sandwiches. I amused myself many summer afternoons, a pretend-Pochohontas waiting for John Smith, lying on my back, tracing the shape of clouds with a finger.
I downed my sandwich and wondered if I would ever be close to my mother again.We'd had quite a blowout about Tony Zuppa, my ex. She'd never liked any of my male friends, but Tony had rubbed her the wrong way. I said a few choice things about that and I didn't think she'd forgiven me, even though I'd apologized umpteen times. It probably didn't make any difference now anyway. I had about as much of a chance of seeing him as I did of being Florida Fashion’s head designer again. 
A little grumble of sadness sat in my throat about that probability, then went down with the last swish of soda. I fed my sandwich crusts to Sigmund. Why not? Mrs. Kitzel had told me he’d been a good dog and hadn't even peed on the tile floor once. 
Sigmund, short for Sigmund Freud, attached himself to me a couple of years ago when I found him on my stoop, looking bedraggled and hungry. The dachshund licked my hand and won my heart. We’d been together since, him listening faithfully, better than any psychoanalyst, and me, coming up with cockeyed ideas.
After we'd eaten dinner and shared the last of the oatmeal cookies, Sigmund snoozed on the couch next to me, and I fell asleep watching an old Betty Davis movie. I awoke to find him licking my face, his signal for wanting to go out.
Darkness settled over the neighborhood by the time I took Sigmund for a walk down the block. The fighting Risottis did battle in their kitchen, heaving Italian insults at each other over a late night dinner of pasta. 
My dog stopped to listen. "Understand that, Sigmund?" 
He let out a little woof. I doubted he caught the meaning, but it did make me smile.
In the dim light, my cracker box home reminded me of a gingerbread house. The previous tenants had painted the small square building molasses brown. The white tiled roof sparkled like confectioner's sugar in the moonlight. When I opened my front door, I heard the phone ringing. 
Rhonda’s voice resounded with excitement. "I found something. It could make things worse. You'd better come over here and see." 

Chapter 5

Ten minutes after Rhonda called me and told me she'd found something, I screeched to a halt in front of her house. I'd been nervous the whole drive over and Sigmund always fed on my anxiety. He skedaddled back and forth between the front and back seats, making me wish they made seat belts for dogs.
Rhonda waved to me from the porch steps as if some dire consequence waited. "Don't park there," she said, holding her voice back from shouting. "That's my landlord's space."
"Well, ex---cuu--ssse me." I steered the van out into the street and eased it in between a VW bug and a smashed-up Ford. No big money here, but then assistants didn't make a whole lot, even if they did most of the work. 
I flung open my door, feeling Sigmund slither between my feet. "Don't be in such a hurry, hot dog."
I gawked at the narrow duplex with its rickety porch and aluminum awnings, and hurtled through a creaky wrought iron gate at the end of the sidewalk, Sigmund by my side. No trees or shrubs broke the monotony, but weeds grew through the cemented-over lawn and menacing gables peeped through the fog. 
Straight ahead, a whispering Rhonda stood with hands on hips. "Sorry. My landlord owns the house and he insists no one park in front."
"Okay if Sigmund comes in?"
When she glanced down at the dachshund, an anxious expression settled on her face. "He is housebroken, isn't he?"
I nodded, pushing inside, "Yep, and so am I." 
The screen door slammed behind us and Rhonda pulled the door closed and locked it. Lines of worry crossed her brow. "I don't want anyone to hear what we say."
Her paranoia made me wonder exactly what she'd found out and how it would affect me, Rhonda and her boss. I decided to wait and let her tell me at her own speed.
Drab walls and faded carpets greeted us, along with the odor of mold covered over by a strawberry deodorizer. Old houses in Florida all seemed to smell of mildew, no matter how much the air conditioning ran. 
I gazed around. "You like living here?" 
"It's okay. Sam couldn’t afford to pay me much or I would have a better apartment."
I noticed the grandfather clock in the corner next to a roll-top desk that had seen better days. "Ever think about buying some sky blue paint and brightening this place up?"
"Sky blue?" Rhonda surveyed the walls. "I think sunshine yellow would be better."
"Whatever, but blue's your color." I eyeballed her blue denim shirt and jeans. "Calvin Klein?" 
"Yes. I got them at that little consignment shop on Venice Avenue."
Even with the air conditioning on, the room felt warm and damp. Wisps of blonde hair clung to Rhonda's forehead like question marks. She grabbed my arm and pulled me past a lumpy couch, stopping to pick up a manila file from a nearby table. "See this? Mr. Falcone worked on something so secret, he didn't even tell me about it."
"How did you find it?"
"Searching for something else. He must have stuffed it in with the other summaries, thinking it would be overlooked."
"Or maybe hoping you'd see it."
 Rhonda's eyes flickered like silver dollars in the lamplight. "You think so?"
"I don't know." I picked up the information sheet from a glass coffee table with drink rings on it. The words, "County Commissioner," "illegal dumping," "EPA refused to investigate" and "Al Kiekhofer" jumped out at me. I tried to read more, but in the dim light of her mottled floor lamp, I couldn't make out the chicken scratching from Sam Falcone's ball-point pen. 
I stared up at Rhonda. "This sounds big."
As if to tell us he could care less, Sigmund crawled under the table and went to sleep, while Rhonda pulled up a chair next to mine. "It is big. According to his notes, he'd been following trucks from Xeldorf's Chemical Plant. I wonder why the EPA refused to investigate." 
"Yeah, and what does Mr. K. have to do with it?"
"Could be something political."
"I thought he was only interested in money." I let the information sheet drop back to the table while I tried to figure out just exactly how the president of a fashion company fit in with Xeldorf Chemical. That’s when I remembered the Xeldorf Chemical pencils I’d seen in Kiekhofer’s office the day he’d accused me of embezzlement. There was some tie. I just had to find it.
A minute later, I picked the paper up again. "This might not be bad, it could help us find out what happened to Mr. Falcone. I don't get why he'd be following chemical trucks, though." 
"Haven't you been reading the newspapers?"
"I stopped reading them about six months ago when I opened one and counted two family homicides, three high school suicides, one serial murder, and a whale beaching itself off Manasota Key. I had to put up with my boss's craziness all day at Florida Fashions, so why would I want to go home and read about all that bad news on the few hours I had off?"
Rhonda shrugged. "Maybe you're right, but I hate not knowing what's going on, even if it is bad. I read an article a couple of weeks ago about chemicals. It said all the dumps were full and they were afraid companies had switched to illegal sites. The reporter said the authorities were on the lookout for illegal dumping, but they needed more information before the EPA would act."
"You mean Florida might turn out to lead the nation in toxic waste?" 
The idea made me sick. I reached into my pocket, took out a Hershey bar, and offered a square to Rhonda.
A minute later, my brain sparked to attention, jump-started by a burst of sugar and chocolate. I picked up Sam Falcone's notes and stared at them. "This says he talked to Sheldon Weinstein. Who's Weinstein?"
Rhonda grabbed for another square of candy, but couldn't reach. "The president of Xeldorf Chemicals."
I broke off another piece of chocolate and handed it to her. "Bingo. Now we're getting somewhere."
Half an hour later, we still sat in Rhonda's living room, pouring over the facts she'd found in the files. I’d finished copying down all the essential information about Xeldorf Chemicals. I didn't have a clue how a chemical company might be connected with the phony embezzlement charge against me, but I planned to find out.
Sigmund still snored under the table, his jowls flapping and clattering on the exhale like hurricane shutters in a stiff breeze. Rhonda wandered in from the kitchen. She brought in a pot of tea and filled our cups. I rarely drank tea at night because it kept me awake, but I felt like I needed it to clear my thinking. 
Not that I wasn't wired from chocolate. I took a sip of the strong brew and peered at my accomplice. "Now I see what we have to do."
"What?"
"Follow a couple of Xeldorf's trucks and see where they dump."
Rhonda’s cup clattered in its saucer. "Are you crazy? That could be dangerous. I’m an office person."
I started talking with my hands like I do when I get excited. It’s hot-wired into Italian genes. "Dangerous smangerous. Don't you get it? If they are dumping illegally, and your boss found out about it, that could be the reason somebody took a pot shot at him.”
"Okay, but I don't think we should follow up on it. Why don't we tell the police?"
"You think they're going to follow up on it if the EPA won't? No, is the answer to that question. We haven't got any real evidence and that's the only thing the police care about."
"I suppose." She took a sip of tea and gazed at me.
"You suppose right, and we better not hold off on this thing. Who knows if those guys might come back and finish off the job."
"They haven't shown up at the office."
I drummed my fingers on the table. "Not yet, but they could come back any time."
"We need some help from the police. I talked to a detective I know pretty well. He says they don't really investigate unless there's been a crime. They're still investigating, and believe Sam’s death may have been a suicide."
"In my design studio? Why would he kill himself there? Who are these people and who trained them?" I swallowed my anger and took a couple of deep breaths. "They’ve got to have some way of telling if a guy shoots himself or someone else does. Was he depressed? Did he leave a suicide note?"
"He drank a lot, but I don't think he'd kill himself. The police didn’t mention a suicide note. They have to do a lot of tests to find that out, and that takes time. I didn’t tell my friend that much because I didn't want to implicate you."
"Thanks. I appreciate that, but we may not be able to wait for the results, not if his murderer finds us. Did you ever think of that?" I handed her a square of chocolate. I could feel myself getting all stirred up. When that happens, I'm liable to make an impulsive decision. Comes with the territory.
Sadness filtered through Rhonda’s eyes. "I can't even think straight due to worrying about the danger we’re in."
"There you go. Now you have to see how important this Xeldorf lead is."
"I guess so." 
"Get a little more sure, will you? The clock is ticking." I chomped on a piece of chocolate.
"I'm trying, but don't you think the truck drivers will notice a van is following them?"
"Sure, that's why we'll have to borrow a Xeldorf truck." 
Her expression ranged somewhere between disbelief and fear. "That's a crime."
"Not really, I'll bring it back. It's only a loan. I'll be taking a chance, but do you want the guy who shot your boss to get away with it?"
Rhonda crossed her arms in front of her and stared at the ceiling for a while. "Okay, but I am not riding in a truck or driving a truck."
"You don't have to. I will. You keep checking into where that money Kiekhofer said I took disappeared to. My uncle Anthony used to have a fleet of garbage trucks before he got into the numbers. He taught me how to drive one and I used to go out on Saturdays with my cousin Herbie. It was a blast seeing the junk people put in the garbage."
We talked a few minutes more, finishing up the chocolate bar before I stood up and got ready to go. "Come on, pup, it’s time to hit the road." 
Sigmund yawned and crawled out from under the table. He stretched his legs and trotted behind us. The dog had class when it counted.
Rhonda opened the door and stood with her hand on the knob. "See you tomorrow." 
Back home in my beach house, I dumped half a bottle of Parisian Holiday Bath Foam into my tub and turned on the hot water. I soaked for half an hour, and then slipped into a pair of silk Mandarin-style pajamas. I'd bought them in a burst of passion when Tony Zuppa, a guy I really liked, had promised to stop by. Instead, he left a note in my mailbox, saying he was on his way to California.
Sighing over lost chances, I shoved my toes into pink satin sandals. "This calls for more chocolate frozen yogurt." 
Knocked out by all the excitement, Sigmund lay on his back by the bedroom door, snoring. I frowned. "You'd think you were the one being chased by desperadoes."
Eating out of the container, I spooned frozen yogurt into my mouth, stopping a quarter of an inch short of the bottom. It's a little harmless trick I play with myself. If I leave some food, no matter how small an amount, I con myself into thinking I didn't eat the whole thing. To pack it down a little better, I made myself a cup of peppermint tea. I’d finished my second cup when the phone rang. 
***
Cookie’s Frozen Chocolate Yogurt (So good, you’ll forget about desperadoes!)
Ingredients:
3 cups plain nonfat or low fat yogurt with active organisms 
3/4 cup sugar(or use stevia if you're on a diet or can't use sugar)
Directions:
Mix in the sugar or stevia until completely dissolved
Refrigerate 1 hour. 
Melt 2 ounces semisweet chocolate chips or use toasted carob mixed with water and stevia
While the chocolate or stevia mixture is hot, pour it very slowly into the chilled yogurt 
mixture and stir gently
Freeze in an ice-cream maker according to manufacturer's directions.
Makes about 1 quart
***
A male, mysterious, and mean voice greeted me. "If you want to find out who put those bullets into Sam Falcone, meet me behind your office tomorrow night." 

Chapter 6

The guy on the line didn't wait for an answer after telling me to meet him behind Sam Falcone's office that evening. He was smart all right, telling me that I'd find out who put the bullets into the PI. 
Of course, I'd come.
What disturbed me the most about the call was that the guy knew I was connected to Sam Falcone. Rhonda and I had been very careful about not broadcasting that fact. Joey knew, but he'd probably die before revealing any information that could hurt me. His bruiser friends didn't have the smarts to tell anybody.
Maybe the caller had been following me. These and a thousand other wild ideas played leapfrog in my mind while I tried to remain calm.
I set the receiver down and stared at the phone in my kitchen. How had the caller found my unlisted number? I hadn't given it to anyone.
I swallowed and reminded myself that murderers do not call up dress designers. It could have been my ex-boss on the phone, disguising his voice. He could have found my phone number in an old personnel file, but I doubted he'd risk such a move. No need to spill the beans and let me know he was worried.
It had to be someone else.
Those guys in the black sedan who tried to run me and Rhonda off the road topped my list of most likely suspects. I wished I knew who they were. The only way to find out was to meet them behind Sam Falcone's office. Just thinking about it curdled the yogurt in my stomach.
* * *
"You'll be happy to know that my landlord didn’t call the police last night." Rhonda sounded pretty chatty while she dusted the lampshade on the oak desk in our new office the next morning when I arrived.
Pushing an armchair to a better placement on the other side of the room, I breathed a sigh of relief because I’d worn a pair of grape-colored pants that I'd designed with extra fabric to allow for plenty of movement. I still had to ask her something. "Why would he call the police?" 
"He always does things like that whenever anyone comes to the house late or disturbs his sleep."
"He sounds like a bit of a snoop, and you better not tell him anything about what we’re doing." I arranged desk drawers while Rhonda stashed a bunch of daisies from her garden in a vase on the windowsill. 
A few minutes later she turned on an old Hoover vacuum and pushed it around the beige carpet. Somewhere deep in my mind I catalogued the fabric of her peach pantsuit trimmed with white piping. It had that silky texture only rayon gives.
Rhonda shouted to me over the machine’s noise. "I don't think Mr. Meltzer has anything to hide, and he wouldn’t hurt me. He never does anything but collect rent and complain."
"Did you talk to him last night?" I yelled back.
Rhonda turned off the vacuum. "No, why would I?" She turned the machine back on. 
"Thanks. I got a really spooky phone call, and I want you to come with me tonight. I'm going to meet a man who may have a lead on who shot your boss."
"You are? How did that happen?"Rhonda turned the vacuum back on and dragged it across the floor.
Above the roar, I told her about the mysterious call I’d received. She turned the machine off and her eyes blossomed with concern. "Are you scared?"
"Sure, but we can't let that stop us."
"I'd like to come, but I can't. Have to go see my mother at the nursing home. It's my night to go. Besides, I don't think either one of us should meet anyone tonight, especially not in a dark alley." She turned the vacuum switch back on.
"Why not?" I shouted.
Rhonda turned the vacuum off and stared at me. "It's dangerous, Cookie, that's why not."
"Don't worry about it." I'd talked myself into thinking I could handle the guy who'd called. The mugger repellent combo my mother had given me last year had a siren, a flasher, a knife and who knew what else concealed in the bowels of its plastic carrying case; the perfect birthday item for a young woman on her own.
Rhonda pursed her mouth and added five years to her age. "I have more experience than you do. I worked for Mr. Falcone, you know."
I paused, wanting to shoot back at her, "How many Nancy Drew mysteries have you read?" It was my biggest claim to fame in the detecting business. I took a deep breath and settled for a less confrontational comment. "Somebody has to go meet this guy if we want to find out who shot your boss." 
Rhonda shook her head. "I think you should call the police and let them handle it."
"Can't. Mr. K. must have reported me by now, and even if he hasn't, they're going to want to question me again. Call me paranoid, but that sergeant who took my statement didn’t believe me.”
"Maybe I should call the police and tell them about Xeldorf."
"Call them if you like, but I'm still going to meet that guy tonight. The police aren’t going to do anything without evidence."
For an answer, Rhonda turned on the vacuum and went into the other room.
* * *
I left the office Rhonda and I'd rented and got into my van. The high hum of a siren turned into a wail. Half a block past Shamrock Boulevard, I pulled up to a red light. Ahead, a convertible had smashed into a Ford truck. Cars slowed, their drivers gawking.
I muttered to myself. Why did people stop when there was an accident? Snoopiness must be in our genes. "Come on. Keep moving. Help's on the way."
The siren got louder. Staring in the side mirror, I saw the familiar oily unshaven face. It could only be one person. Next to the man with the gun in the black sedan, he ranked number two on my Least Want To See List. Maybe I could slip by when the light changed. 
No such luck. I glanced in his direction and Norman Fedoza stared back at me."Cookie." He shouted at me while he hung out the window as his red-lit vehicle zoomed past, and squealed to a stop next to the accident. "Hey. What about that pizza?" He gave the injured truck driver a glance, looked as if he might head in that direction, then swerved back toward me, leaving the man in the mangled convertible to be helped out of danger by his paramedic partner.
I shrugged and smiled, hoping that would be enough, but he kept coming in my direction. "You promised me a pizza. Didn't forget, did you?"
My cheeks hurt from holding back a zinger. "Didn't forget. Go take care of the poor truck driver and meet me next Friday night at Marconi's."
The light turned green and I stepped on the gas. Glancing in my rearview mirror, I saw his face. He raised a fist and yelled something.
I vowed to take back streets for a while. It wasn't until I turned the corner two blocks from Sam Falcone's office that the reality of Norma Fedoza hit. He'd seen me with the dead PI.He must have already informed the police that I hadn’t called them. The good thing was he didn’t know where I lived, but a good detective wouldn’t have too much trouble finding me.
No one had come to my house to question me. No one had come to our office, either. But then, we had moved. Could be the police investigated the old site, didn't find anyone and left. Maybe they were still looking over the evidence at Florida Fashions. I wondered how many fingerprints I’d left on Sam Falcone. Even if I had, they wouldn’t have anything to compare them to. Or would they?
If that first encounter with the police hadn't fingered me, this one with Norman could. Suppose he was signaling the police that very moment on his car radio? I could almost hear his words: "Suspect speeding away from the scene of an accident on the corner of Tamiami Trail and Alligator Place, license plate number..."
Then again, dull bulb Norman had other plans. He wanted his pizza with me. I couldn’t be absolutely sure about whether he was a blabber mouth though, and that bothered me.
* * *
I arrived back at the office at three o'clock that afternoon, plopped in a chair next to Rhonda's desk, kicked off my pumps and noticed a red spot the size of a pea on my little toe. "This investigating stuff is hard."
Rhonda set aside the file she'd been examining and her face pulled into a doubtful glance. "What have you been up to now?"
 "Know anybody who can give me a crash course in being a PI?" I had to learn fast or this would never work. I yanked a small candy container of licorice out of my pocket and offered her a piece. Nothing like licorice to stimulate the brain.
***
Candy’s Licorice (Guaranteed to make you forget your troubles)
Ingredients:
1 cup molasses 
1 teaspoon anise oil (or to taste)
1 cup whole wheat or other flour (enough to make a workable dough) 
Directions:
Heat the molasses to a boil and add anise oil
Boil for a minute
Mix in enough flour to make a workable dough
Lower heat and stir constantly until batter forms a mass and pulls away from the sides of the pot
Roll mixture into small tubes
 Cut into desired lengths
The mixture will harden when cool. Leave licorice to dry and cure, turning every few hours to let it dry evenly. Takes at least a day to firm up
***
Rhonda shook her head and leaned back in her chair. "I do have that friend at the police station."
"No police." I spoke through a mouthful of candy. "I'm in enough trouble now.”
"Okay."
I rubbed my sore toe and stared at Sam Falcone's diploma from Career City College that hung on the wall above my head. "How long was your boss been in the business?"
"Twenty years, I think."
"You had something for this guy, didn't you?"
Rhonda's smile stuck to her lips until her cheeks turned a raspberry red. It made me wonder if the something she had for her boss was the hots.
She refused to look at me when she answered. "You get to know a boss pretty well when you work for him as long as I did."
An image of Rhonda in a jealous snit killing her boss and then dumping him at Florida Fashions crept into my mind. No, not Rhonda. Besides, how would she know to dump poor Mr. Falcone in my studio, or even have the strength to do it? 
The file. She’d seen me come in to talk to her boss. 
I discounted the idea right away. Even for me, that was too far-fetched.
"Maybe you can give me some ideas about investigating,” I said to her. “I have no idea where to begin."
 "I know what that's like. Investigating is like flying. They both include long hours of boredom waiting around punctuated by milliseconds of terror." 
Rhonda leaned back and grinned, showing off two rows of even white teeth. We both laughed and I felt closer to her at that moment than I did to my own family. "Maybe someday I'll be good at this."
She giggled. "Ever consider buying a gun?"
I shook my head. "I hate the things, probably shoot myself."
"You wouldn't be the first."
I shoved my feet back into my shoes, wincing when my little toe scraped leather. "I'm going home." I picked up my bag, slung it over my shoulder and headed for the exit. "Gotta get ready for my little meeting tonight." 
"I wish you wouldn't go, but if you must, please be careful."
I turned around. "Sure you don't want to come? Last chance."
Rhonda shook her head, her slight smile wobbling into worry. "I still think it's too dangerous for you to be going."
I left, telling myself she’d overreacted, but deep down, I had my own worries. Guys with guns who made threats could be very dangerous.
Thinking my life had turned the corner after I'd had a good talk with myself, I picked up Sigmund from Mrs. Kitzel's, dropped my bag in the living room and was just about to soak my sore tootsies when a gritty voice spoke through my answering machine. 
"Meet me in the alley behind Falcone's office at ten o'clock tonight. Come alone and unarmed or you’ll regret it." 
All that talking to myself had been for naught after those words. Fear coursed through every one of my pores and I froze for an instant, recognizing the voice. It belonged to the same man who'd called before. I may forget a name, but I never forget a voice or a face.
By the time I got to the phone, he'd already hung up. I punched STOP, wondering what kind of a coward called up and left a message like that? 
Sigmund barked his agreement from his station in the kitchen. Another good thing about the dog is I can usually count on him for support.
I scurried to dump some food into his bowl, forgetting all about my feet. "It's you and me tonight, Sigmund, against who knows who."
At least the guy had called and given me a time to meet him behind Sam Falcone's building. Good thing or I'd be out there all night waiting for him.
We ate a silent supper, wolfing down most of the lasagna I'd picked up at Touch of Italy. Sigmund finished his noodles, then waddled off, leaving a spicy vapor trail behind him.
"What do you suppose I should wear to this get-together? Something sophisticated?" I called to him, going into the bedroom to change after clearing the table. I pulled down a pink dress I'd worn only once to my cousin JoAnn’s wedding. When Sigmund yawned and licked his paw, I shoved the gown into the back of my closet where it had resided low these many years.
"Something that says power, don't mess with me?" From the far side of the closet, a place I rarely went, I yanked a gray man-tailored suit, red tie and gray hat I'd made for an Al Capone party. 
Sigmund's ears went up, alerting me to the fact that the outfit was in the top ten on his list.
“There's always, little girl lost and helpless.” I dragged another Cookie creation off the hanger, a filmy print dress and hat straight out of Gone With The Wind, my personal favorite should I at some future date meet the man of my dreams.
Sigmund cocked his head and barked twice.
"Power suit? You got it." I threw off my clothes and stepped into my chosen garments, wondering what he would be like to be a real gangster.
Thunder rumbled in off the Gulf of Mexico and Sigmund hated storms. "I think I'm going to leave you out of this, Sigpie." 
My decision didn't seem to bother him a bit. He rolled over on his back and rubbed back and forth against the carpet.
I threw a can of hair spray, some matches, and the mugger repellent tool my mother had given me into my oversized bag. The phone rang again and I waited, holding my breath and hoping to hear the mystery man canceling our meeting. 
No such luck. 
"Mafalda?" 
Cookie was a nickname my baby brother gave me when he couldn’t pronounce my given name. I prefer it. Who wants to be called after some unknown Italian princess anyway? 
My mother never called me by my given name unless something was definitely up. I cringed, wondering what disaster she planned to unveil this time. "Yes, Mom, it's Cookie."
She paused. "We're waiting for you."
What had I forgotten now? I'm sure Freud would have a few choice words to say about why I had a good memory except for family events, but I'll admit to none of them.
Images flashed through my mind. Had I overlooked a shirttail relative's wedding, a holiday, a birthday? No, none of those. I'd covered all bases. I was home safe.
To my mother I said, "Whatever it is, I'm not going."
"But you have to dear, Uncle Carmine and Aunt Carmella are here. They're asking for you." 
"But Mom, I have an appointment. I have plans."
"Plans? You have plans? After all the work I've done? I've been slaving over a hot oven all day baking your favorite foods." (Translation: How could you do this to your mother?) That did it. My mother had plucked my guilt strings. "You going to have fatigman?"
"Yes."
"Sun buckles?" My mouth started to water.
"Yes."
"Kringla?" My heart raced. Those Norwegian sweet things called to me in a way no chocolate delight could.
"Yes."
One thing the Norwegian side of my family did well was bake. They all overcooked the main course into a tasteless mess, but they shone in the dessert department. 
Only one person could make this family dinner tolerable. "Joey going to be there?" 
"He's here already," she said in a victorious tone, knowing she had me.
Good, he'd come with me and help fend off the evil that waited behind Sam Falcone's office. I fudged a bit on my commitment. "Not sure how long I can stay."
"Whatever you can give us, dear. I'm sure your aunt and uncle will appreciate seeing you."
"I'll be there in fifteen minutes."
Saying a quick goodbye, I dialed Mrs. Kitzel and told her I had to go out for a couple of hours. She didn’t like being alone at night. This would be the perfect for her, not to mention how much it would help me out. 
Excitement quivered in her voice. "I’m making chocolate chip cookies. Sigmund loves them. Bring him right over."
I held up the dog’s leash and he sprang into action, almost diving down the stairs. He must have heard about the cookies. 
When I left Mrs. Kintzel’s, I swore I saw Sigmund through the window, apron tied around him, stirring batter in the kitchen. That’s what stress will do to you.
Jumping in my van, I headed east. I kept telling myself that I could stand a few minutes with the family. Besides, my mother had made my favorite desserts. I'd grab a couple of handfuls, say a quick hello to everyone and be gone.
* * *
My folks lived far enough away from my beach house that they wouldn't "pop" in uninvited, yet close enough that I could get there in case I had to attend a family function or check out a last minute emergency. That evening I approached their house with all the mixed feelings I usually had. Would it be a bomb or a bust, or would I, thanks to some unexplainable luck, actually please my mother?
Time would tell. 
A duplicate of our home in Brooklyn, the newly-painted white house had darkened windows and a gray shingle roof. I looked up to the second floor, to the place where my old bedroom would be if we were still up north and I still lived with my parents.
Every night of my teen years, I'd hidden under my bedspread with a flashlight, writing in my diary about romantic things I’d hope would happen to me, but never did. The closest I'd come was an entry about my neighbor who lived across the street. She and her boyfriend, James, parked in her driveway for hours, steaming up the windows. Halfway through my entry, I pretended I was in the back seat with James with his tongue in my ear. 
I traced a path through my parents' house in my mind's eye. Down the hall from my bedroom loomed the bathroom, the place where I soaked in bubble bath and hid from Joey's teasing and my mother's third degree.
Around the corner, a tiny garage leaned up against the back of my parent's house, but everybody parked in the narrow driveway. My parents never heard of the words, "garage sale." 
They dragged everything down from New York. Dad had one side of the tiny building crammed full of tools that he never used. My mother had the other side packed with Joey’s old toys, my school papers, pictures of both of us, and anything else that reminded her of her children. Not that she ever went back there to look at them, but they were close, in case she ever wanted to.
My mother didn't want the neighbors judging her cleaning ability so she never opened the curtains. I think it had something to do with her childhood and being teased about being messy, but with my mother, you never could be sure.
White oleanders lined up like sergeants along the tiny glassed-in porch, and the grass had been cut golf club height. Except in the winter, it always resembled a fresh cut lawn. My mother demanded neatness. If Dad didn't get the mower out every week, she put on old blue polyester slacks, yanked on high rubber boots, tied a kerchief on her head, and cut the lawn herself. Most of the time, she shamed him into doing the job the following week.
Parking my van in front of the house, I got out and headed up the walk. Even with the windows closed, voices penetrated the air. No one ever spoke in a normal tone of voice in my house, they always shouted over my Dad's TV football games or my mother's cooking shows.
I opened the door and the sound of the "Cajun Chef" hit me like a slap. "Bam! Bam!" The chef shouted and threw garlic cloves in a pot. The audience went wild with whoops of delight.
Hanging my shoulder bag on the hook in the hallway, I walked smack into the arms of my dad. Dressed in a beige cardigan, starched white shirt, trousers and slippers, he appeared tense, but natty.
"Hi, Honey. Welcome home." He hugged me as if I'd been away for months.
He smelled of garlic and peppermint candy. My mother used garlic to cook with, to treat colds, and probably even to ward off the devil himself. Dad usually only smelled of peppermint candy in church or when he felt upset. He popped them in his mouth to keep himself awake during the sermon or to soothe his stomach when my mother started nagging him.
"Hi, Dad." I gave him a big squeeze, wondering if Uncle Carmine was the special occasion that warranted the peppermint candy or if my mother was after him again about the lawn.
He kissed the top of my head. "Everyone's here, but don't let your mother push you into anything." 
 My mother was famous for arm twisting, but in a nice way. Mostly, she made you feel so guilty, you did what she wanted. I gave Dad my dutiful-daughter smile and headed toward the kitchen, wondering what kind of misery she'd cooked up for me. It couldn't be as simple as a visit from my aunt and uncle.
The living room smelled of basil and chicken. Uncle Carmine snoozed on the sofa. He’d stuffed a white plastic holder full of pens and pencils in the pocket of his gray work shirt in case he wanted to write anything down. He never did. At least not around me.
Aunt Carmella waltzed out of the kitchen and grabbed me into a bear hug. "You missed your brother's magic tricks with your Uncle Carmine."
That I could live without. Joey or Uncle Carmine always flubbed something. She let go suddenly, leaving a scent of lavender behind. She reached up with a knotted hand and touched the carrot red hair she'd teased into a bee hive on the top of her head. She gave me a nervous smile and let her hand drift into the pocket of her house dress. It had a thousand tiny flowers on it and she wore stockings so thick even an X-ray machine couldn't see through them. The heavy duty sandals on her flat feet had soles sturdy enough to climb Mt. Everest, or kick the stuffing out of anyone stupid enough to mug her.
"Remember when Joey was eight and put grapes in Uncle Carmine's mouth?" Aunt Carmella said, her eyes going foggy with remembrance.
"Uncle Carmine was sleeping and he still chewed them," I said, grabbing bowls of food out of her arms and setting them on the table when she looked like she was going to drop them. "Was he kidding with us?" 
"No, he was really asleep. When I told him what happened, he thought it was funny."
"He didn't think it was so funny that time he fell asleep after Thanksgiving dinner and Joey and I took everything out of his pockets, including a big wad of money. When he woke up, he chased us and all the cousins around the room shouting, 'I'm gonna kill you kids.'"
Aunt Carmella put an arm around me and gave me one of those white lie looks my mother used when she told me she was taking me for ice cream and I ended up at the dentist. "He didn't mean it," she said, going to wake up her husband while I sat down at the table.
"Is that Mafalda?" my mother yelled from the kitchen.
"Yes, it's Cookie." Joey rushed into the living room, grabbed me in a hammer lock and hauled me into the kitchen.
My mother leaned over the open oven door and took out a huge pan of roast chicken. Looking a little like a lemon in a yellow linen dress with matching shoes and apron, Inga Berelli, my mother, and heir to the now defunct Olsen pickled herring fortune, appeared pretty well preserved for fifty-five. I figured her dress had to be a Betsey Johnson knockoff, but then she didn't know the difference between Betsey Johnson and Johnson & Johnson.
I got my clothes sense from Dad. 
A thin line of red lipstick accented my mother’s broad mouth, her only concession to glamour. Her graying hair frizzed in permanent waves that didn't flatter her, but her eyes were deep, like whirlpools of rich chocolate.
In deference to my dad, gigantic pots of swirling pasta, stuffed artichokes, and tomato sauce percolated on top of the stove. She still prepared at least three times what we’d eat in case a relative or friend should drop by.
 My dad's influence. That is so like my Italian grandmother.
I stared past the steam in the kitchen to Dad’s face in the dining room. He must have known he'd be in for at least a week of leftovers, but he still smiled. 
Dad's side of the family hugged and kissed at every meeting. With my mother's relatives, you were lucky if they shook your hand, and then usually only when you grew up and left home. 
I reached over to give her a squeeze, but my mother ignored my gesture and dumped tomato sauce into a huge bowl instead. "Everybody sit down. Let's not let our food get cold." 
Norwegian frost she was giving me. She thought I should still be living at home.
"So how's the PI job going?" Joey pulled me into the pantry. "What are you dressed for, a gangland shooting?"
"Not so loud. I don't want them to know." 
"Keeping secrets again?"
"You know I can't tell Mom anything without her interfering. Could sure use some help tonight. How about driving along with me?" He loved danger even more than I did.
Joey gave me a sly smile. "Sorry, got a heavy date." 
"You aren't going to leave me alone in my hour of need, are you?" 
He put his hands up in a don’t-shoot-me pose. "Sorry, Cookie, I can't come and you shouldn't be going either."
No chance of ever talking him out of a date. I could handle it. Since Rhonda couldn't come, that left me and the guy who had set up the meeting at Sam Falcone's. I straightened my necktie and stepped back into the kitchen, bolstered up with false pride that I could tackle all comers.
"Here, Mafalda."My mother handed over a bowl of pasta and another of sauce. "Put this on the table and say hello to your Uncle Carmine."
My uncle lay back in a chair, legs crossed, his mouth open in a snore. Joey came out of the kitchen and took a seat next to me. He dumped a huge ladle of tomato sauce on his pasta. "How's your job working out?"
"Yes, how is it going?" My mother sat down across from my dad. 
I had to think fast. She was very quick. "It’s been very exciting at work lately.” 
 She smiled and neatly placed two chicken wings and a neck on her plate. "That's nice. Isn't that nice, Anthony?" My dad nodded. 
Uncle Carmine and Aunt Carmella came to the table. Somehow, she'd managed to wake him out of his deep sleep. He picked up the bowl of parmesan cheese. "Everyone had enough?" When we all nodded, he started piling spoonfuls of cheese on his pasta. 
The next time I checked, he'd poured the whole bowl onto his plate.
My mother ignored him and stared at my Al Capone get-up. "You'd think she could dress a little better when she comes here for dinner, wouldn't you, Anthony?" 
My dad nodded and passed a basket of Italian bread to her. Years of training taught him not to disagree in front of company. 
"At least take off the hat, Mafalda." She cut away the skin on a chicken wing.
"Where are the sun buckles?" I gazed toward the kitchen, feeling a strong pull from the sweet delights I knew awaited me.
She frowned. 
I pushed the hat back farther on my head. "I ate already. I only came by for dessert." 
Her frown turned into a scowl. "In the kitchen."
I stood up and headed away from the table, glad to get away from my mother’s scrutiny. I took a huge tin down from the top of the refrigerator, pried off the cover and released the sweet smell of cardamom.
I reached in and took out a kringla. The sugary dough had been formed into a long rope, cut in pieces, and formed into little bow ties before being baked. I sank my teeth into the cookie, releasing a sweet flavor. No cookie could outdo this one, except maybe a sun buckle. A minute later, I popped one of those into my mouth. 
My mother shouted at me from the dining room. "Put some of those on a platter and bring them with you."
I shoved another kringla in my mouth, put an assortment of sweets on Grandma’s silver tray, and went back into the dining room
***
Nana’s Kringla to Die For
Ingredients:
2 cups of sugar
½ cup of soft butter 
2 eggs
1 cup buttermilk 
3-6 cups all purpose flour (to make a stiff dough)
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoons anise seed
Directions:
Cream sugar and butter
Blend in buttermilk and beaten eggs
 Stir remaining ingredients together and blend well into creamed mixture
 Wrap dough in waxed paper and put in freezer for 2-3 hours. Divide dough into 36 pieces
Tip: Flour your hands often
Shape each piece into a bow tie Place cookies on a lightly oiled baking sheet
Bake at 375 degrees for 10 minutes until light brown on the bottom
(Don’t eat more than a dozen unless you really can't help it!)
***
My mother passed around the platter of chicken and gazed at me. "Uncle Carmine’s daughter, Dottie, wants a wedding dress. You'd like to do that, wouldn't you?”
I took another kringla, set the tray down and smiled at her. Work for my Uncle Carmine's son?I'd sooner go on a diet.

Chapter 7
After putting in my obligatory half hour with my family, I said a quick goodbye, telling everyone I'd be late for a costume party and had to go. The time had passed without a major blowout.
For me, that was success.
I'd never admit it, even under Chinese water torture, but the reason I always charged into things, like this meeting with who-knew-who behind the PI’s office, was because I dreaded becoming a replica of my mother. Waking up one morning dressed like her, a bottle of pickled herring in one hand and my mouth wide open, grilling my daughter about her bathroom habits loomed ahead as my greatest fear.
My drive took me past the Florida Highway Patrol. I wanted to duck, but I steeled myself and maintained the speed limit. 
I took out one of the sun buckles I'd shoved into my pocket. The little cookie reminded me of a tiny corrugated basket. When I was little, I ate them with warm milk on Christmas Eve and left a few for Santa under the tree. At that moment, I used the biscuit to calm me down, but it didn't do the trick. Instead, the sweet tasted dry and foreign in my mouth.
My van whizzed around the corner, giving me a jittery feeling and a surge of adrenaline. The mysterious man lay ahead. This could be my last turn ever. I took my foot off the gas pedal and braked hard for the stop light.
Up ahead, I saw the familiar sign. Lit from behind, it announced in large letters, Sam Falcone, Private Investigations. Not sure whether to park in the front or back, at the last second, I swerved right and headed for the alley. 
Handy for a quick getaway.
A black car pulled into the alley from the other end, heading toward me. I started to breathe hard. It could be the mysterious man, or it could be anybody taking a shortcut. Either way, there was no stopping now.
It couldn't be the same car that had tried to run us off the road. That one should be in the garage getting repaired from its confrontation with the truck. Then again, maybe it had been fixed already. 
 I glided my van into a parking spot a little north of the PI’s building and turned my headlights and ignition off. The lights in the black car went out and the motor died. Too dark to see much inside except two shadowy outlines, one in the driver's seat, another in the passenger's.
Until that moment, my only truly scary moments came during mind-boggling nightmares. Big-nosed giants with dental appliances to outdo Jaws of James Bond fame chased me through unknown dark streets. Then there was that dream with Mr. K. and the shovel.
I talked to myself, trying to reduce the fear that wove its way through me. Spiders and mice didn't bother me, and I’d squashed a cockroach or two with toilet paper in chance midnight encounters with them in the bathroom. I walked without fear on the streets because muggings and break-ins were rare in my neighborhood. It helped that I’d taken karate, lifted weights daily to keep strong, and could raise my voice to a terrifying screech that could scare the pants off most men. I also carried some self-defense tools in my bag, including my mother's mugger repellent special.
Thinking about who resided in the black car, carrying what weapons, made my knees go weak. If they had a gun, my little weapons of defense wouldn't mean a thing. I took a deep breath, and refused to let the bad guys win the mental battle that took place in my head.
I slung my bag over my shoulder, got out and stood in the dark, keeping my eyes on them. Someone moaned and started to mumble. I turned to see. 
A drunk staggered out of the dark, bottle in hand. The streetlight glimmered off his pockmarked face and vacant eyes. He stopped at the entrance to the alley, shouted a few swear words, and then stumbled along, turning down the street. 
The smell of urine and stale body odor hit me. I hoped he hadn't peed on my fender.
Ahead, the black car waited. The driver opened his door and a tall man got out. A shorter man stepped out of the passenger side. Something metal glistened in his hand. 
What had I been thinking? At that moment, I was 99.99% sure they didn’t have any information for me about Sam Falcone. They wanted to eliminate me and any evidence. I ducked behind a Honda and held my breath, chiding myself for being so stupid to think they'd really give me any information on Sam Falcone. 
"I know you're there. Please come out so we can talk," a man's voice said just before a flashlight beam quivered through the darkness.
Sure and the moon is made of green cheese. I scrunched my body down as far as I could. Footsteps came toward me, and my heart pounded like a bass drum. 
"Please come out. I have information for you about who shot Sam Falcone." The flashlight beam flickered within inches of my nose. I retreated behind the car and peered around the Honda.
Two guns. Two guys. Two sets of footsteps coming my way.
Getting ready, I tensed my hand on the can of hair spray. Part of me wanted to jump out into the alley and rush them. That Italian part just wanted to get the whole thing over. 
Stay cool, the rest of my frigid Nordic brain shouted. I listened to that voice and clapped my other hand over my mouth to squelch a scream. 
This is no big deal, I wrote in big words across my brain. Yeah, right, nothing to worry about. Two men with guns. I scanned the alley, looking for someone to help me. 
Not a person in sight.
I winced, getting ready for the inevitable. They stopped walking. The taller one motioned to the shorter one to go around to the front of the building. One set of footsteps went away.
 Now the count had diminished to only one guy, one gun. I held the can of hair spray at the ready.
The sound of footsteps came closer, and paused beside the Honda. My heart stopped, and I froze like an ice sculpture. He stood so close I could smell his cheap after-shave.
I held my breath and waited.
The footsteps started again, this time passing me by. I breathed a sigh of relief, loosened the tie around my neck, and tried to think. My car wasn't that far away. If I cut back down the alley maybe I could get to it before they saw me. If I got that far, I could jump in my van and drive away. 
If.
My mother's sun buckle cookie turned sour in my stomach. Stay cool, I kept telling myself, but it didn't help. It took five seconds before my legs moved an inch. On the move at last, my heels ground into the gravel. 
"Stop," a man shouted. He turned around and his voice echoed through the dark.
The hairs on my arms stood straight up like porcupine quills. I ducked under a tree 
and ran along close to the building.
I felt his gun trained on me. "I see you. You can't get away." 
Two shots rang out. They pinged against metal. Nothing hit me, so I kept running.
"I see you too, crab face." Passing a garbage can, I grabbed the lid and banged it down, imitating the sounds he'd made.
Four more shots exploded in the night. They whizzed by, but far enough away for me to think the shooter was either a bad shot or was only trying to scare me.
He addressed me. "You may have a gun, but there are two of us."
"Yeah, and you better be wearing bullet-protective underwear." I felt braver with each bang of the garbage lid. I scanned the alley for another light, any sign that someone was there besides the three of us.
"Call the police," I shouted into the night.
A man peeked out of an open window, then ducked back, squelching any hope he would get involved.
A bottle lay in the gravel a few inches away. I dumped the hair spray can into my bag. 
Hands shaking, I snatched up the bottle and wiped it off on my slacks, then yanked the tie from my neck and wrapped it around the glass neck.
Advancing toward the man with the gun, I ran through the dark, willing my feet to stay silent.
I made a few quick promises to the Almighty and offered up a prayer that the guy with the gun had run out of bullets. Even if he had more ammo, he hadn't shown me much with the weapon. When I reached throwing range, I heaved the bottle. It hit the driveway with a thud and spun. 
He picked it up, shined the light on it, and stared inside. "No note? I'm disappointed in you."
He held the bottle up near his head, letting the flashlight beam bounce off it. His face twisted in a grimace, ugly and subhuman, eyes empty except for a glint of evil. 

Chapter 8

I listened to the sounds of shots being fired and crouched in the alley behind Sam Falcone's office. I fumbled through my bag until my fingers grabbed hold of the mugger repellent my mother had given me. 
On the run, moving away from the man with the gun, I flipped the flasher and siren on and set it on top of a car as I ran by. The brilliant light spiraled out along the buildings like a row of lit-up police cars, while the siren pumped out so much volume I had to cover my ears.
The tall man with the gun hesitated, threw the bottle in the gravel and made a dash for his car. He dove inside and seconds later he drove off at high speed, his tires screeching down the alley. His partner tore around the corner of the building, shouting swear words. Fist raised, he ran after the cloud of dust.
I watched until the car and the running man disappeared from view. Turning, I shoved the mugger repellent back into my bag, walked over to the bottle, stuck a finger in it, and carried it back to my van. 
* * *
By the time I got home and retrieved Sigmund, I was only two hairs shy of a nervous breakdown. I'd survived, but every inch of my body trembled.
I double-locked the door, then went back to check, just to make sure. The house felt too-quiet and ominous, as if it were waiting for something evil to happen. Maybe that wasn't far off. After all, the men I'd had that little tête-à-tête with knew my phone number and probably my address. 
They could come after me anytime they liked.
While I took a shower, I kept turning off the water because I could have sworn I heard a man's voice in the hall. Sigmund didn't act perturbed by my behavior, but then he's seen me paranoid before. 
I poured myself a brandy from my stash in the living room and drank it down. My eyes watered and I started to cough. The liquor didn't do anything to quiet my mind, but it did take the cold out of my fingers and toes. 
Against all house rules, I let the dog sleep in my bed that night. I needed a warm body to comfort me, and he was all I had.
I said a few prayers, let Sigmund lick my face, and fell into a deep sleep. Nightmares of being chased down dark alleys and peed on by a homeless man disrupted my sleep that night. I woke breathless and sweaty.
In the bathroom, I stared into the mirror, trying to blot out everything that had happened in the past few days. Sigmund sat at my feet, watching my every move. I took down the toothpaste and spun a ribbon of white along my brush. Before I could jam it into my mouth, Sigmund barked and jumped up. He licked up the sweet glob I had dropped on the sink.Amazed at his strange behavior, I interrogated the dog. After getting the third degree from my mother for years, I knew the drill. "What's the matter, boy? Want to brush your teeth, too?"
Sigmund barked again and I put another dollop of the toothpaste on my finger and bent down to let him lick it off. The dog darted his tongue across the sweet gel.
"Maybe you got something there, doggie." I laughed and petted his head. "You gave me an idea about how to catch our murderer."
I finished brushing my teeth and rushed into the bedroom to get dressed. "The mint green jersey?" Sigmund raised an ear in approval. I'd designed the dress to flare in all the right places, and it had the kind of soft texture and easy give I knew Tony Zuppa couldn't keep his hands off of. 
Regret wound through me about the slim-to-nothing chance that he'd ever see it. Before leaving, I grabbed a white straw hat with a matching green band, and jammed my feet into patent leather pumps.
Mrs. Kitzell seemed unusually happy to see Sigmund. I didn't bother to inquire about the reason, just settled for the warm feeling that came with knowing a loving someone watched over the dog.
Traffic crammed the roads, but I still beat Rhonda to the office. I finished squirting the last of a long line of toothpaste across the threshold of the PI's old office when she came dragging down the hall. 
"Watch where you're walking. Don't step in the toothpaste." I stared up at her. "What are you doing here anyway?It might not be safe.”
"Forgot my eraser." Rhonda rummaged through the desk drawers on the floor until she found an old Art gum. She regarded me with a dazed expression. 
The crooked buttoning job on her cotton sweater and the way the zipper to her suede miniskirt gaped open gave me a clue. "Have a bad visit with your mom at the nursing home?"
She nodded, tears glittering in her eyes. "How did you know?"
"Wild guess. Your zipper could let in half the roving hands in Port Charlotte, and your sweater's going north."
Rhonda gazed down at herself, sighed, set her shoulder bag down on the desk, and straightened her clothes. "My mom's getting so confused. I think they're giving her too much sleeping medicine. I spend more time worrying about her than I do about myself. I should have kept her with me, but I was afraid she might fall again." 
She stared at the line of toothpaste on the floor. "What are you doing?"
"Setting a trap."
"For what?" Rhonda's face turned the color of cranberry sauce.
"It's an old Italian trick. My great grandfather in Italy used chicken droppings to catch anyone who stole his chickens. He'd rub them on a towel, put the cloth in a bag, and let his dog smell it. The dog would sniff out the thief and corner him. Great-grandpa would be waiting with a shotgun."
Rhonda stared at me. "I don't get it."
I held up a tube of toothpaste. "Think of this as chicken droppings, the family size with fluoride. Don't you know that the killer always returns to the scene of the crime?"
Rhonda nodded, wide-eyed. "I'd heard that. But wasn’t Mr. Falcone killed at your place of work?"
"Maybe, and even if he was, somebody, and I’m guessing the murderer, was in Mr. Falcone’s files. That means he was here." I pointed to the floor. "When the murderer comes back, and he will because he didn’t get what he needed or he wouldn’t have called me to meet him behind Mr. Falcone’s building. That's when he'll break the line of toothpaste, and get some of this on his shoe. Then all I have to do is have Sigmund sniff it and he'll find the guy."
Rhonda smiled. "Your idea's a little whacky, and I’m not sure you’re right, but if you are, it might work."
"Thanks, but I didn't do so good last night, so I still need your help." I told her about the two men with guns and watched her wince. 
"What do you need my help with?"
"Have you been able to trace the money Mr. K. said I embezzled?"
"I've got some feelers out to our contacts in the Cayman Islands. I should know something soon. Anything else?"
I stuck a pencil in the bottle I'd retrieved from the alley and set it down in front of Rhonda. "Could you have your cop friend see if there are any prints on this little souvenir I picked up last night? Be sure you don't touch the outside of it or you'll smudge the prints."
 She peered at me with earnest eyes. "I guess I can do that."
"Good. And I can do something for you."
"What?"
"Check out Xeldorf Chemicals to see if they dump illegally. Why don't you come along?"
She rummaged in her bag and found a plastic bag for me to drop the bottle into. "I’d love to, but I don't think so."
"Come on, Rhonda. You missed the fun last night. You don't want to lose out on this adventure, do you?"
She labeled the plastic bag and stored it in her desk. "Sounds too dangerous. I'd rather find out what happened to the embezzled money."
"Can’t you do both?" I eyed her. "You are going to give that to the police, aren't you?"
"Yes, I am. I'm just worried about you going to Xeldorf Chemicals. That could be risky."
"Come with me. I'll do the dangerous stuff."
Rhonda raised an eyebrow. "How?"
"I'll get the truck." 
She rolled her eyes. "How are you going to do that?"
"Nothing to it. I'll go over to Xeldorf Chemicals today and check out the place, find out where they keep the trucks, what's the schedule for dumping. Stuff like that."
Rhonda picked up a bunch of files from the floor we must have forgotten to bring to the new office. "You can do all that?"
"I'm not only a designer, I'm a salesperson. I can sell anybody anything."
"You can?" Rhonda shoved the files under her arm.
"Guaranteed. You hold down the fort here. I'll be back in a couple of hours."
"Okay, but don't be late. I'm going to see my mom at the nursing home, and somebody has to be here to answer the phone."
I had absolutely no idea of how to get the information from the folks at Xeldorf Chemicals, but that didn't bother me. I'd have to do what I did best. Wing it.
* * *
Rhonda and I stepped over the toothpaste trail and left Sam Falcone's old office. I said a quick good-bye to my friend and watched her wander off. I hoped she'd be all right, but I couldn't babysit her all the time, even though something about her made me want to.
Thinking a little exercise would be nice, I passed up the elevator and walked down to my van. I picked up my pace on the steps. That ought to make up for all the extra candy I'd been consuming.
Turned out to be one of those hot Florida days when the air hung still and dusty, laden with pollution and humidity. I bought a can of orange soda from the newsstand and drank it while I headed for the van. The sun shimmered off a big dumpster and made me blink from its brightness. I ducked into my vehicle, stuffed my hat in the back seat, pushed a pair of black horn-rimmed sunglasses on, and tied my hair back with a silk scarf. 
Very Joan Crawford. I loved old movies. The women always dressed fit to kill and stood 
up against impossible odds. Sort of like me.
With the air conditioning blasting, I drove off in the direction of the public library. I parked under a palm tree and hurried toward the front door, my heels clacking across the hot cement.
The library smelled of industrial grade carpeting and moldy books. I cruised past the front counter with gusto, stopping next to a computer screen and a shelf full of reference books. A navy midi-dress with white stars on the collar suited the auburn-haired librarian behind the counter. She had the kind of dainty facial features I admired. 
She looked up from her book. "Yes?" 
I did a double take. The woman had a Betty Davis voice.
"I'm hoping to find out some things about Xeldorf Chemicals. Can you help me?"
"Follow me." She got up from her desk and handed me a copy of Dunn & Bradstreet. According to page 136, Xeldorf Chemicals could be found at 23 Xeldorf Avenue. Owned by Sheldon Weinstein and Max Xeldorf, sales for last year topped $5 million. I made a photocopy of the page, including the board of directors. 
Back outside, I took a city map out of my glove compartment and traced along the streets to Xeldorf Chemicals. Not more than four miles away according to my calculations.
I set the map aside and turned the key in the ignition. Cars zoomed in and out of traffic around me. Unless someone’s in my pursuit, I’m a pretty safe driver. I pulled into the entrance to Xeldorf Chemicals twelve minutes later.
The brick complex with gray shingled roofs stood seven stories high. Breezeways connected each building to the next one. I rounded the circle drive next to the American flag, cut the engine and scanned the complex for the entrance. 
I sat for a moment, wondering what angle to use. I could pretend to be a college student writing a paper on chemical dumps who wanted to ride along with one of their drivers. Maybe I needed a more subtle approach. If they didn't tell me what I wanted to know, I'd get my Uncle Lou to send some bruisers with violin cases to make them an offer they couldn’t refuse. 
I'd talked myself out of being ashamed of the lies I'd told, but I was still trying to fool myself into thinking I really could be a private investigator. That idea put a special spring into my step.
A long green awning almost hid the front entrance to the building. A rank smell, somewhere between a pharmacy meltdown and a sewer, descended on me when I stepped inside. Never one to be put-off by a little stink, I strode past the time clock and bulletin board, turned right and headed for the main office. I reached into my pocket and popped a butterscotch hard candy into my mouth. It’s a known fact that butterscotch gives you confidence.
Don't think of this as a dangerous assignment, I told myself. Think of this as a test of your selling ability.
I gnawed on my lower lip before giving the guard on duty a lopsided smile, and telling myself this would be easy. I jerked the door open and went inside the office. A tall man in a green uniform with brown hair cut Marine-style leaned on the counter, pencil behind his ear. The letters XC stood out in gold and red on his sleeve above his knobby elbow. His pale skin and watery brown eyes suggested sickness. He slumped forward, a man who wanted to be left alone. His name tag read Sid de la Renta. 
I stepped up to the gray metal counter. "Not related to the famous designer, are you?"
Ignoring my question, he gave me a pissed-off glance. "What do you want?"His voice crackled with resentment.
With him, I had to go slow, find something to tick him off even more so he'd do whatever I asked just to get me out of his hair. I pulled my lips back in a broad smile. "I'm writing an article on the wonderful things your chemical company is doing. I'd sure like to take pictures of the guys loading and unloading their trucks and talk to some of your truck drivers about delivering your products."
He glanced down at a form in front of him. It reminded me a lot of the ones my uncle, the numbers runner, used. The counter guy’s large and misshapen hands had dry skin and swollen knuckles. "Ain't here."
"That's okay, I can wait."
"Drivers won't be here until later this week."
I felt an automatic burst of annoyance, but I realized getting angry would not help matters. I had to stay on top of this guy. I smiled at him. "Fine, what about their boss?"
The clerk turned around and barked at a woman behind him. She wore a dingy copy of a gray-blue Halston. Her fingers plunked across a computer keyboard. She didn't even flinch when he hollered, "Where's Dwayne?"
Keeping her eyes on the monitor, her chins moved in rhythm with her chunky fingers. "He's in meetings all day."
The clerk turned back to me. "Dwayne ain't here, either." That handled, he looked back at the form on the counter. 
My Italian side wanted to lay a few nasty comments on him, but my Norwegian side won out. "Thank you. I'll be sure and mention you in my article." 
Fine, if that's the way they wanted to play it, I’d find out for myself. The door to the office opened out into a larger corridor. Institutional green walls bore down on me, their surfaces covered with pictures of gray-haired, stern-looking executives.
I took out my last handful of chocolate-covered peanuts and surveyed the situation. The office sat in the middle of the complex, next to the Coke and candy machines.
***
Cookie’s Chocolate-Covered Peanuts (Munch away during stakeouts)
Ingredients:
1 8-ounce package of semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/2 lb. roasted peanuts
Directions:
Melt chocolate in bowl over pan of boiling water
 Remove from heat
 Add peanuts and stir well. 
Drop from teaspoon onto waxed paper
 Refrigerate for 12 hours. 
Tip: If there are any left, store in cool place.
***
I stopped at the first candy machine and shoved in a few quarters. With all that had happened, and no time to shop, my snack supply had dwindled to almost nothing. Stuffing my purchases in my pockets, I turned and noticed a man in coveralls coming toward me. I pretended to be reading a sign on the wall, and turned my face enough so he couldn't identify me.
He opened a door labeled EMPLOYEES ONLY and went in. I waited two minutes, then opened the same door and followed. The smell worsened, blending with employee bad breath and gymnasium-quality body odor. 
To the left, a rack of white lab coats and rubberized suits dangled in the breeze of a huge upright fan. Lined up neatly below, rows of white polytuf RedBall Offshore boots glimmered in the fluorescent light. I took down a huge lab coat and pulled it over my dress and shoulder bag. Shucking off my shoes, I jammed them in the pockets of the coat and hung my white straw hat where the lab coat had been. My name tag read O. Sondheim, Inspector. 
I picked up a clipboard from the table and slipped a pen in my pocket, before sliding my feet into a pair of skid resistant boots. From a rack nearby, I took down a yellow hard hat. With my hair shoved up under it, I hoped no one could tell I didn't belong.
Not sure exactly where the trucks might be, I headed for a door that read EXIT. Puddles covered half the floor. Coughing from the smell, I wanted to turn around and run back to my van, but I moved along, praying I wasn't waltzing through nuclear waste. I glanced down at my boots, doubting they would protect me against anything that lethal.
The door ahead swung open and a pudgy guy in blue coveralls, a day's growth of beard, work boots and a hard hat stepped inside. He shook his head in disgust. "Those guys don't have the brains they were born with." 
"You got that right." I tried out a basso voice. I used to sing alto in the church choir, but basso stretched it a bit. I pretended to be busy with my clipboard when he marched past me. As soon as he got far enough away, I went out the door he'd come in.Diesel exhaust wheezed out of ten newly-painted trucks that carried no identifying information. Parked one behind the other, they waited for their drivers. Someone didn't want anyone to know they belonged to Xeldorf. 
A man in a plaid shirt and jeans hollered at me from behind the hood of a Jeep."Donohue?"
"No. Sondheim." I walked over to the Jeep and stared at the vehicle. 
The man extracted his head from behind the hood of the Jeep. He stood about five-five and weighed in at about a hundred pounds. His nose had been flattened, either by birth or an encounter with a big fist. He'd pulled his graying hair into a puny ponytail and a tattoo of a pair of dice decorated the back of his right hand. 
"Be with you in a minute." He had a grainy voice. "Gotta check this horn. It's been blowing at the weirdest times. You know anything about Jeeps?"
I shrugged, keeping my voice deep. "Don't know a darn thing about Jeeps. Got me a Ford pickup. When it acts up, I'd as soon run it into Lemon Bay."
"Know what you mean." The man slammed down the hood and walked over to the driver's side. "Let's go, then. Keep your fingers crossed she don't start blowing again."
I walked around to the other side and climbed in. He started the motor. It backfired a couple of times, then surged forward. I glanced down at the clipboard. "You are?"
"Gene Kazorky." He snapped his gum after the last syllable. "What can I do you for?"
I pointed to my name tag. "Routine inspection. You always drive this Jeep, Gene?"
He floored the gas pedal and we squealed around the edge ofthe complex, heading down the street. "Sometimes I drive the big rigs."
"When's that Gene?" He made a sharp turn and nearly knocked over a row of garbage cans on the curb. I hung onto the door handle, making a mental note to tell somebody about his unsafe driving.
He checked his rearview mirror. "They rotate us around."
"That's right. Rotation. The latest brainchild of Weinstein." I paused for effect like I'd seen my uncles do when they were shooting the breeze at the pool hall. "Think he's ever going to run out of ideas?"
Gene smiled. "I swear that guy likes to make us jump through hoops. He sits in his little office dreaming up stupid things for us to do. Did you hear what happened last week?"
"Heck no. I've been on vacation with my in-laws in Paramus. What happened?"
Gene shook his head and chuckled. "He had us riding around from town to town for two hours before we went to the dump. What a waste of gas. Then again, that guy's probably made of money."
The Jeep pulled to a halt at the curb in the middle of the next block. "Back in a minute." Gene got out and walked away.
I sat in the car, sucking on Sugar Babies, wondering if he had a meeting with the guy who had tried to kill Sam Falcone or if he'd embarked on a different mission, plotting with some criminal to blowup Xeldorf Chemicals and rid himself of Weinstein's silly ideas once and for all.
It wasn’t either one, because when Gene came back, he carried a big green bag. He threw it in the back seat, started the engine and we drove away.
"We going to the dump, Gene?"
For a second, no more, his face froze. "Hell no."
I stared at the back seat. "Then what's in the bag?'
"Mail. The big trucks don't go out for a couple of days."
"Then why are their engines running?"
"They gassed them up and checked them over. Maintenance."
I nodded. "Getting them ready for the big run on Friday."
"Thursday."
I glanced down at the clipboard, praying I didn't say the wrong thing and give myself away. "That's right. 'Bout noon, isn't it?"
"Hell no, they make the midnight run. Mr. Weinstein don't want anybody seeing where they go. You'd think they carried gold or something in those hundred-gallon barrels."
* * *
My clipboard flew out of my hand and clacked onto the ground and I almost fell out of my seat when Gene Kazinski's Jeep screeched to ahalt in the alley behind Xeldorf Chemicals. Gene and I had just completed a tour of the property and I prayed he hadn't noticed I was a woman and not a man. 
It didn't look like he did when he jumped out of the vehicle, leaned down and retrieved the board for me. "Sorry about that." He snapped his gum for emphasis.
"That's okay. Catch you later." I slid out of my seat and stepped down. Back inside the building, I replaced the lab coat, stuffed my shoes on, grabbed my hat and left. No one even glanced at me.
I'd survived. I'd demonstrated my invincibility. This detecting stuff was a snap.
Whistling "I'm Off To See The Wizard," I started thinking I'd about reached the Emerald City.
* * *
Rhonda clung to the step ladder, swatting a towel at the ceiling when I got back to Sam Falcone's new office. A huge elephant of a guy stood under the ladder, gazing up her skirt. Dressed in a brown cardigan sweater and freshly-pressed beige slacks, he looked neat, but dangerous. 
Oh, oh, prescription for disaster.
"Hey, everybody." I called out my greeting loud enough for people in the next building to hear, just to make sure the guy didn't think he got away with anything.
Rhonda turned and blushed before she started down the ladder. "Spider the size of a hotel. This is a client of Mr. Falcone’s, Walt Pluchinski." She pulled me to the side and whispered, “He came up in the elevator with me. I tried to lose him, but he found the office anyway.”
"Yeah sure, spiders." I glanced at the man. His nose came out at the wrong angle and his skin was toughened like a dry hide. I wondered how he’d found us. “Hello.”
"You work with Sam Falcone, right? When Rhonda said you'd be back soon, I had to come over." He advanced on me. "I have to know. Opal's cheating on me, isn't she?"
I took a step backward, reacting to the anger in his voice and the cold look of menace on his face. I hoped the big guy didn't take his feelings out on me. I put my hand up to protect myself just in case. "I wouldn’t know."
"According to Mr. Falcone’s files, there's no real evidence your wife is cheating on you yet," Rhonda said. "He said he followed her to an apartment and found a guy there."
Something fiery flared up in his eyes. He resembled a fighter about to take a step forward and swing at me. "What guy?"
I put up my other hand to stop him. "Listen. He could be a salesman. We don’t really know." Walt kept coming and I ducked under the ladder, praying he was superstitious.
"I knew it. Opal has been lying to me."
"Take it easy," I tried to get him to go the other way, but he kept coming. "He could be Mr. Nobody."
"You are going to find out who the guy is." It wasn’t a question.
 "Sure. You bet." I shook my head so hard my lips flapped. "Rhonda’s going to help you."
He pointed a finger at me. "I want you to check into it."
I gulped. "I’m not an investigator."
He hung his head briefly, and then glanced up. His face streaked red, eyes starting to pop out. "Thinking of her with some guy makes me nuts." 
"Okay, okay. Relax, will you?"I started to feel the pressures a real PI must have. "There are plenty of investigators in the city."
"The sign on the door says Private Investigation."
"I know, but we’re not really investigators. Rhonda just wanted to keep the office open."
He scrutinized me like I was a bug and he was about to swat me. "You're not lying to me, are you?"
"Rhonda? Help me out here."
She shrugged. "We’ll look into it."
He grabbed my hand and shook it furiously. An instant later, his tone changed from threatening to endearing. "What's your plan?"
I stayed under the ladder staring at him and worrying whether he'd change moods again. Best to put something substantial between us in case he took a tailspin again. I had no intention of telling him what I planned to do about his wife because I had no idea what I should do.
I forced myself to smile. "I’ll consult with Rhonda." I tried to think of what Nancy Drew or Perry Mason would do. "Maybe we’ll follow her and take some photos."
He looked like he was in pain for an instant, and then he smiled. "Photos of my little Opal?”
He must really love her. "Yes, Opal."
Terror flashed in his eyes and his face wrinkled with agony. "With someone else?" 
I didn't like to keep anyone dangling, especially a paying client, but I had no idea what the answer to that question was. "I’m sure if she was with someone, he wasn’t anyone who could be cutting in on your time."
"You sure?" He took a step forward. The worry lines around his eyes resembled hatchets.
I stepped back, dragging the ladder with me. "Sure, absolutely sure."
"You know something, don’t you?"
"No, no." 
He reached for me, and I pictured his hands closing in around my neck.
"Nothing really." My voice trailed off. This encounter was headed for disaster and I felt like I was on a runaway train, unable to stop the outcome.
"What is it? What are you holding back?" 
"Nothing. I told you everything I know, which is nothing." I gulped. This detection business might have a little more to it than I'd realized. Maybe Rhonda could give me a few investigative pointers before I put my other foot in my mouth.
His eyes glazed over. "He had his arms around her, didn't he? Didn't he?"
This guy must be a loony or maybe a super-jealous guy, worrying that everybody, including the garbage man, lusted after his wife. If I kept him talking, he might cool off.
I stared him down. "No, I’m sure he didn’t."
He tightened his hands into powerful fists. "You sure?"
"That's right. I don’t know anything. Nada. Zero." 
Rhonda huddled in the corner on the phone, talking to someone about getting the rug cleaned. "Rhonda-a-a-a-a-!" 
How did Rhonda have the nerve to worry about the carpet when I was about to be throttled by this guy?

Chapter 9

Good thing Rhonda heard my shouts and zipped into Sam Falcone's inner office to save me. Her voice carried the sense of the emergency I felt. "What is it? What’s wrong?"
His face changed from hostile to hurt. He sniffed and sat down, arms crossed. "I gave the best years of my life to Opal. I can't bear to think she's with another man."
He broke into sobs. Rhonda put an arm around his shoulder and handed him a box of pop-up tissues. "There, there. Have a good cry. You've been under a lot of stress lately, haven't you?" He blew into the tissue with such a high-pitched honk. I expected half the dogs in the neighborhood to come on the run.
Rhonda held up a waste basket and he dumped a soggy tissue in it. "Thank you, I can tell you understand what I've been going through."He glanced at me with a disgusted expression most people reserved for corrupt politicians or lazy dog shampooers.
Rhonda nodded. "We both understand your predicament, Mr. Pluchinski, and sympathize to the utmost."
Walt gazed up at her. "Maybe I expected too much too fast. I always do that."
"Not at all, Mr. Pluchinski, rest assured, we're right on your case, and Ms. Berelli is going to call you as soon as she finds out anything.”
"You sure?"He walked with her to the door and handed her a picture.
"I'm sure." Rhonda closed the door behind him, then turned and stared at me. "Close call."She wiped pretend-sweat off her brow. 
"Wow, where did you learn to be so nice?"
"I played Jane Eyre in the senior play in high school. If I could stand Mr. Rochester, I can stand anybody." She handed me a picture of a woman in a flannel shirt.
We both laughed. It cleared the room of the strain that had been building since I walked in on the two of them. We plopped down on the couch, wiping our eyes and giggling. 
An old tension solution popped into my head and I peered at Rhonda. "You know what we should do?"
She shook her head. "What?"
"Order pizza."
"Pizza?" She stared at me, confusion etching two deep creases between her eyebrows.
"It’s an old Italian remedy. When things go bad, send out for pizza. As bad as things are, we’d better do it every day."
* * *
Rhonda and I lounged on the sofa in Sam Falcone's new office, the one he didn't even know he had, finishing the last of a double sausage, double cheese pizza. Rhonda waited until she finished chewing to quiz me about Xeldorf Chemicals. "What did you find out?"
"That this detecting business isn't so hard." I speared a piece of melted cheese from the box and popped it into my mouth.
"Really?" She set down the piece of crust she had daintily eaten up to.
"After I saw you with Walt, maybe I do need to rethink a few things, but I did manage to convince a few Xeldorf employees that I'm a supervisor."
"I don't think you should go back."
"Why not? It'll be a breeze." I didn't dare tell Rhonda how scared I felt about driving one of their trucks. "You have to come with me."
Her brow had more furrows than the number of chocolate kisses I'd downed at Xeldorf Chemicals. "I don't think so."
"I need somebody to help me drive one of their trucks. I can’t do it alone. If you don't come, I could have another disaster like the one I had in the back alley. Those guys in the black sedan almost made me into a human sprinkling system." 
She stared at me, eyes bright and wide open. “Are you all right?” 
“I’m fine. Look, not even a scratch.” I stood up and showed her. “But I do need your help with Xeldorf.”
Rhonda swallowed hard. "Who knows what might happen with those big trucks?"
"Exactly my point. You haven't seen the bruisers at the chemical plant." I sat down and tried to look hurt. 
She blinked hard and sniffed, refusing to glance at me.
"I get it. You don't want to get involved." I chomped on the hard pizza crust.
Her face softened. "You're right, I don't want to get involved. I think we should tell Denny. Let him handle it."
"Who's Denny?"
"My friend on the police force. He's having that bottle you gave me analyzed for fingerprints.”
"Not Sergeant Denny Dennehy?”
“Yes, I think so.”
“Great. He’s the one who questioned me. I swear he thinks I killed Mr. Falcone.”
“I don’t think so. He didn’t mention it.”
“That doesn’t mean they’re not considering it. Did the cops find out anything yet about Mr. Falcone?" I took a sip of soda and let it wash down the salty tomato taste.
"No, and I don't want to bother them. If Denny gets wind of how we're operating, he's liable to forget friendship and start playing by police rules."
I made a mental note not to push Rhonda about Denny. He probably wouldn't be much help anyway. From the mysteries I’d read, the PI made all the finds. The cops only came in at the end to lock up the guilty parties.
Another idea popped into my head. "What about Sam's film? Is there any in the shop being developed?”
"I did check on that. You were right. They said the roll would be ready tomorrow morning."
"Good. I'll pick it up on the way in. Think I'll call it a day, I need a nice long bubble bath and a candy bar or two to revive. What about Walt Pluchinski?"
"Just stay out of his way. I’ll try to talk him into getting another investigator."
 When I started out the door, Rhonda called to me. "I still don't think your idea about stealing a truck is safe."
I waved away her objections with my hand. "Don't worry about that. Nothing happens until Thursday."
Her face showed relief, like a kid who is told she can stay home and play sick the day of a big test. Then worry lines took over her forehead. "What time Thursday? We have to be here in the office in case anyone calls."
"Don't panic. They dump at midnight."
"I hate being in strange places late at night."
"Why?" 
Rhonda’s eyes turned bright. "Stealing a truck around a bunch of big angry men?"
"Take it easy."
"I can't go through with this."
"We can handle it." I tried to sound brave even though I had no idea how to pull it off. Friday's newspaper headline flashed in front of me…
Local Fashion Queen and Secretary of Downed Detective Murdered in Trucker Tussle.
* * *
The next morning, I stumbled around my bedroom in a foul mood. I’d eaten too many M&Ms and had a sugar headache. Sigmund must have gotten up on the wrong side of his doggy bed, too. He half-growled at me when I put him on his leash to take him for a walk.
Usually I let him pee in the corner of the lawn that I'd marked off and never stepped in. That day, after all the pizza and chocolate, I needed a little exercise. Sigmund needed some too, even if neither of us really wanted it.
Maybe the weather had gotten his pants in a bundle, cloudy with rain in the forecast, the paper said. It had already started to drizzle. Sigmund showed the same sensitivities to the barometer my mother did. Guaranteed she'd have one of her world-class migraines every time the temperature fluctuated more than fifteen degrees.
Wearing my fluorescent pink spandex pants and white tee-shirt with matching fluorescent pink poodle on it, I opened a pink umbrella and marched outside. Sigmund waddled beside me in a fluorescent pink plasticized wrap guaranteed to keep him dry.
We toddled down Egret Avenue. Two neighbors on bikes waved. No breakfast table battle at the Risottis, so I figured they weren't up yet.
Lenore, a friend of mine, stood under the clothesline in her nightgown, pulling down the bathing suits and towels she’d hung up last night. Tall, with a lumpy body made lumpier with each of her five pregnancies, she didn't seem to mind. Her youngest, the two-year-old, clung to her leg like a python, screaming bloody murder. "How's it going?" She shouted to me over her son's racket.
Lenore wore her short black hair clumped at ear level as if she'd hacked it off herself. Probably in a fit after one of her kids wrote on the living room wall with an ink pen, or dumped half a gallon of honey on the living room rug. For what she had to put up with, she acted pretty stable. She agreed with me on a lot of things including the idea that if she had to be up early, so did the rest of the world.
"I’m not bad." I shouted back from across the street. "What you up to?"
Lenore glanced down at her littlest kid. "Edgar bit his father on the arm again. I can't stop him."
Motherhood, one challenge that stopped me cold. I didn't have a clue how to manage a bundle of energy that ate, slept, peed, pooped and cried nonstop. Biting, was even worse.
Lenore gazed up, winked at me, and then smiled as the sun broke through the clouds. "Irving tried biting him back, but the kid got even."
"How?"
"Swatted Irving's coffee out of his hand. It put brown stains all over his pants." She started to put her clothes back up on the line.
On cue, Sigmund lifted a leg and watered Mr. DiSalvo's mums right after the poor man got in his car and drove off to work, Sigmund had very good instincts that way.
I yanked on his leash, and we started home. I started to jog for the extra exercise, but Sigmund reared back, refusing. Just as well. I had to save my energy for what lay ahead. My jam-packed day included a visit to Budzelli's 24-Hour Photo and Delicatessen and the start of a fling at catching the mysterious Opal with another man.
It took half an hour to decide to wear black slacks, a fire engine red silk blouse and a black straw hat, instead of a denim dress with cowboy boots. By nine, I had showered and was sipping a cup of tea and noshing on chocolate chip cookie when the phone rang.
Rhonda sounded frantic. "Get over here, Cookie."
"What is it?" I imagined Rhonda being held captive by the two guys in the black sedan, their guns poked in her face. Worse yet, maybe she'd been waylaid by two tattooed and earringed Xeldorf truckers brandishing baseball bats.
Her voice got louder. "Somebody's broken the toothpaste trail in Mr. Falcone's office."
"Told you," I shouted. "I'll be right over." 
The toothpaste trail breaker had to be someone from Xeldorf Chemicals. At last, Cookie Berelli, fashion maven and self-made private investigator, would crack open the Sam Falcone case. A new headline flashed across my mind.
 Tough Cookie Traps Chemical Cutthroat
I'd be famous, maybe even rich. I could feel my new career settling over me like a covering of thick luscious hot fudge
***
Aunt Irene’s Hot Fudge Sauce (Perfect for celebrating a job change)
Ingredients:
1 package unsweetened chocolate baking squares (8 ounces)
2 cups brown sugar 
1 cup milk 
1/3 cup butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract 
Directions: 
Melt chocolate and margarine or butter in double boiler over low heat;
stir constantly
 Add sugar and stir until dissolved
 Add milk, stirring constantly until thoroughly heated; avoid boiling
Remove from heat
Stir in vanilla extract
Tip: Cover and chill leftover sauce. Will last 2-3 weeks.
***
I entered my living room and tried to enlist my otherwise engaged dog. "Come on, Sigmund," I coaxed. "I'm going to need you for this one. You are my expert toothpaste sniffer."
He'd been spying on two bluebirds as they dive bombed a fig tree. He let me know by turning his back that it was a much more interesting entertainment than helping me decide which outfit to wear. Despite the grandeur of the scene playing out in front of him, he deigned to give me a "woof" and come on the waddle from his perch next to the sliding glass door overlooking my deck.
I forgave his turncoat behavior and managed to get dressed and get ready to leave without his help. "Two can play this game, Siggie. No doggie treats for you." 
Overlooking his sad snout, I grabbed my bag and flew out of the house. Sigmund slithered between my legs before I pulled the door closed. "Budzelli's 24-Hour Photo and Deli will have to wait."
Sigmund woofed in agreement.
Body electric with emotion, Rhonda waited for me by the elevator outside our new office. "I couldn't believe it. Somebody actually broke in and left a trail. How did you know that would happen?"
"Talent, raw talent." Sigmund jerked on the leash and dragged me down the hall.
"Why is the dog acting like that?" Rhonda ran alongside.
"He smells something already. I tell you, Grandpa knew what he was talking about. The old chicken trick works."
At Mr. Falcone's door, I yanked back on the leash. "Wait Sigmund, don't destroy the evidence."
He jolted to a stop and Rhonda and I nearly tripped over him.
"Look at the footstep." Rhonda pointed to the toothpaste I’d squirted across the threshold.
I bent down and stared. "You're right. Somebody stepped right into it. See, they tried to wipe it off the floor, but they left a little, I'll bet there's still some on their shoes."
Sniffing and wagging his tail, Sigmund dashed to the spot. Without losing a second, he whirled around and headed for the steps, dragging me behind. "He's got the scent."
Sigmund ran down the stairs to the first floor. I tried to go for the front door when it opened, but the dog had other ideas. He turned right and headed for the basement. I made a fast body adjustment and hurried behind.
The stairwell to the basement lay ahead, dark and quiet. "Light must have blown out." I whispered to the dog, yanking back on his leash. "Slow down, doggie. I can't see a thing."
Farther down, Sigmund came to another abrupt stop and I tripped, catching myself from toppling over him. "Not that slow, hot-dog."
He yelped right before his tongue licked my ankle in repentance. 
"That's okay, Siggie. Let's find who broke into Mr. Falcone's office and get out of here. This place is creepier than old man Speletti's mortuary."
Joey and I used to roller skate down the long driveway to the backdoor of Speletti's, our wheels grating over the big metal plate, making a noise so loud, I had to cover my ears. When we got to the bottom, he'd give me a shove and tell me to "push the button."Stupid me, I'd do it and then the door would slowly open because they thought they were getting a delivery. Joey'd take me by the hand and whip me into the opening. There'd be a big noise as I hit the garbage cans lined against the wall. Joey would skate in, grab me and start to skate back out. 
The door to the embalming room would burst open and Mr. Speletti would shout, "What are you f----ing kids doing in here. Get out." 
We'd try to skate back up the hill before he caught us. Eventually, he got wise and stopped opening the door without checking first to make sure he really was getting a delivery.
Funny how old images come back. It only takes a familiar smell or sound to release them. 
Down in the basement of Sam Falcone's building my hand moved along the moist wall until I touched the light switch. "Here it is. Voila.Light." Glowing near the ceiling, one bare 60 watt bulb hung from a cord. "Not exactly up to code."
I started down the stairs, pulling Sigmund behind. "What's the matter, doggie, scared of basements?"
He panted and tugged on his leash. Without warning, he bolted down the remaining steps, dragging me behind. "Quickest fear-of-the-dark cure I ever saw."
Sigmund stopped abruptly in front of a door. The sign read STAFF ONLY. I glanced down at the dog. "He's hiding in there?"
He wagged his tail and scratched at the door.
"You sure?" I touched the coolness of the knob and hesitated. Would I find the two guys who tried to shoot me in the alley? This time, I had no weapon.
I scanned the hall. A spindly broom stood in the corner against the wall. Broom over head, I advanced and slowly turned the door knob.
Barely bigger than a closet, the room smelled of cloves and tobacco. A dark-skinned woman sat at a small rickety table, an unlit cigarette dangled from her lips and knitting needles clicked in her hands. She wore a white apron over her red uniform, and plastic curlers glistened under her checkered headscarf. She gave me an I've-seen-it-all look, then went back to her knitting.
"Who are you?" The broom dropped out of my hand and Sigmund yanked me forward. He licked the woman's feet as if they were fudge brownies. Painful-looking bunions poked out of holes in the sides of her white orthopedic shoes.
The voice carried a scratchy and deep south tone. "Call me, Ostracia."
"What are you doing here?”
Her face pulled into a disgusted glance. "Knitting. What do you think I'm doing here in the staff lounge?" A ball of pink angora yarn unraveled across the floor as she worked.
"No, I mean, what do you do here?"
"I'm the cleaning lady. Who do you think I am, and would you get this mutt off my shoes?"
Sigmund let out a growl.
"The cleaning lady?"
"Yes, now get this dog off."
I yanked the leash, pulling Sigmund out of reach of her shoes. Ostracia couldn't be the one who shot Mr. Falcone. What possible motive could she have? He left too many cigarette butts in the ashtray? Unrequited love? 
Sam Falcone didn't smoke and he'd married his job.
It didn't add up. Then a bolt of lightening hit me. I stared down at the woman, watching her knit two and purl one. "Were you in Mr. Falcone's office yesterday?"

Chapter 10

Disgust in her eyes, the cleaning lady stared up at me from her chair in the tiny closet in the basement of Sam Falcone's building. This was all Sigmund's fault. Had he been paying me back for that crack about not giving him anymore doggie treats? You never know with a dachshund.
Sure, I'd put the toothpaste down on the floor and forced Siggie to follow the trail. But if he hadn't led me to the basement, I'd never be in this pickle. 
Then it struck me. Maybe the cleaning lady really was involved in Sam's attempted murder. She had keys and access to his office. She probably knew his patterns nd could easily shoot him or let someone in who could. Maybe it was a long shot, but she had stepped into the toothpaste. What other possible reason could she have for doing that? I squared my shoulders and stared into her eyes.
"Did you step in toothpaste and then wipe it up?" I was really getting into this third-degree stuff.
"Yes, I stepped in it. I don't know what fool put it there, but it won't come off with soap and water. It sticks in the grooves in your soles and you can’t get it out."
"Now we're getting somewhere." I took my time, like I'd seen the detectives on TV do. They like to make a suspect sweat. That always does the trick. I counted to ten and asked in a slow challenging voice, "Why did you go into Mr. Falcone’s office?"
Mrs. Malone finished another row of knitting before she gave me a sour glance that reminded me of someone sucking on a lemon. "I went into the office to do what I 
always do."
I sneered back at her. Now I had her. I savored the moment and paused for effect.
"And, what was that?"
"I went in there to clean it."
* * *
I hung my head in shame when I told Rhonda how the cleaning lady had stepped in the toothpaste going into Sam Falcone's office. Every time I took a step forward in this detecting stuff, I took two back. Rhonda expressed sympathy and promised to make sure Ostracia stopped cleaning in the old office. Although it didn't erase my humiliation, it did show her helpful nature.
Rhonda gave me a supportive smile. "Maybe we can try it again?" 
I shook my head. "If it didn't work the first time, what makes you think it would work again?" I ducked out of the office, promising to get the film Sam Falcone had left to be developed. Before doing that, I swung back home with Sigmund. After that embarrassing encounter, I was not going to reward him with more time on the case. 
I pulled into the driveway. "Thanks for your help, if you can call it that." 
Good thing Mrs. Kitzel welcomed him with open arms. "I’m making pancakes, Sigmund, you like those, don’t you?"
Before I pulled the door closed behind me, the dog turned and gave me a you're-never-satisfied-are-you? look. When I peeked in Mrs. Kitzel’s kitchen window as I pulled away, I knew for sure the stress was getting to me. I swear I saw Sigmund in the kitchen, chef’s hat on his head, flipping flapjacks.
* * *
I approached Budzelli's 24-hour Photo with more than a little trepidation wondering what I was going to find in that roll of photos Sam Falcone had taken. Budzelli's covered the corner of Englewood and Venice. Most patrons used the drive-through entrance. Just as well because the inside resembled a hole-in-the-wall. Its harsh fluorescent lighting always made me blink and want to be outside in the sun. I'd slipped on the chipped tile floor a couple of times. It reminded me of a sidewalk after a sleet storm.
I pulled my van around the side by the Englewood Avenue window and slapped down Sam Falcone's receipt for film. Three minutes later a hand that had probably never seen the Florida sunshine slid the pictures through the opening and snapped up the five dollars I’d left in the tray.
I had planned to pull over and peek at the photos after picking them up at Budzelli's, but a man in a red Ford truck behind me leaned on his horn. I stuck my head out the window and shouted, "Wait a minute." 
Either he didn't hear or he didn't care, because he leaned on the horn again. This time, he stepped on the gas, tapping the back of my van with his bumper.
For an instant, I started to open the door, planning to get out and give him a good talking to. I reconsidered. No time for silliness. The pictures could be important.
All the way back to Sam Falcone's office, I tried to pull over and see who or what might be in the pictures. Something kept stopping me. First, a traffic cop motioned me along when I pulled into a No Parking zone. Next, I stopped at the shortest red light in history. A moment later, I found the perfect place to view the photos, until a man in a hard hat told me to leave because I'd parked in a construction area. 
This had to be an omen. I decided to wait until I got back to the office to check out the photos. By the time the elevator door opened on the third floor, I'd eaten most of my stash of chocolate caramels to quell my frustration, and had a pocket full of sticky transparent wrappers to prove it.
Rhonda sat at her desk in our office talking on the phone. When she hung up, I dropped the pile of photos on her desk. "These are the pictures Mr. Falcone took. Do you know any of these people?" 
She stared at the faces and pointed to one. "I know him." 
The man wore a goatee and a black hat. In one of the photos, he stepped into a taxi. In another, he sat at a table in a restaurant with two women. In the last one, he stood in line at a theater. 
"Mr. Fezur, an investigator for All-Sure Insurance, said this guy tried to defraud them."
I pointed to photos of a woman with Cleopatra hair, wearing a Sonia Rykiel beige suit. Very smart and urbane. Her huge blue eyes lit up with something between fear and anger. Mr. Falcone snapped several photos of her in a car, in the lobby of a hotel and on the street, talking to a short man in glasses. 
"Mrs. Wilcox. She abducted their son and her husband's been desperate to find him."
The man in the last set of pictures stood medium high and had a long nose. His one gold front tooth glimmered at me. For some reason Sam Falcone had taken pictures of him fishing on the Venice Pier, walking on Manasota Beach with an extremely tall woman in boxer shorts, and eating spaghetti and meatballs in an Italian restaurant with two women and another man.
"I know this guy." 
Rhonda stared at the photo. "Who is he?"
"My ex-boss, Kiekhofer. More important, who is this guy?" I pointed to the man with a gold tooth. 
She peered at the photos. "I don't know. Nobody I've met."
"You sure?"
"Yes, I couldn't be more sure. I've never seen that guy in my life." 
"He's never been in the office?"
"No."
I stared at the photo. "You know what? He looks familiar to me, but I can't place him."
 Rhonda collected the photos, stuffed them back in the envelope, and put them in her desk drawer. "They're here in case you remember who he is. In the meantime, I'll find the files for Mr. Fezur and Mrs. Wilcox. Maybe they'll jolt me into remembering something important. How about some lunch first?"
I started thinking about what kind of food I wanted. "We could get some take-out."
Rhonda picked up her bag. "No, let's close up and go out. I've been stuck here all morning."
"Okay, but take the pictures with you. I'd like to have another look at them."
* * *
Russo's Restaurant smelled of warm bread, garlic and grated cheese. On the wall, barely visible paintings of the Leaning Tower of Pisa and the Hills of Rome glistened in the candlelight.
Rhonda and I sat in a booth in the back by the kitchen staring at menus and soaking up the ambience. Wood paneling ran halfway up the wall, and tables and booths covered with red checkered tablecloths surrounded us. 
The waitress pulled a pencil out from behind her ear, yanked an order pad out of her apron and straightened her black bow tie. "What'll you have?"
"What do you usually order?" Rhonda whispered to me.
"Ziti with meatballs."
"I'll have that, too." Rhonda took a napkin from the table and placed it on her lap.
***
Grandma Berelli’s Meatballs (Enough garlic to chase off any intruders)
Ingredients:
1 lb ground beef or turkey
½ cup pine nuts
½ cup diced raisins
3 tablespoons chopped parsley (or dried parsley)
2 eggs
2 tablespoons minced or 1 teaspoon powdered onion
½ cup Italian bread crumbs or make your own from toast
½ cup grated parmesan cheese
1-2 cloves fresh minced garlic or 2 teaspoons or more of garlic powder
Oregano, rosemary leaves, thyme, salt and pepper to taste
Extra virgin olive oil
Directions:
Put several tablespoons of olive oil in a large frying pan
Crack the eggs into a large bowl
Using your hands, mix all ingredients except the olive oil together
Form into meatballs, wetting your hands if mixture sticks
Cook meatballs in frying pan in olive oil, browning them on all sides
Tips: Serve with spaghetti, ziti or any pasta. Also good in a sandwich
***
"Bring us two glasses of your house wine, too." 
The waitress nodded, scratched something down on her pad and disappeared. A 
minute later she whisked back and set down a basket of warm bread, small squares of butter wrapped in foil, and a platter of celery and olives.
"Thought of any way we can find the man with the golden tooth?" I buttered a piece of bread and took a bite.
"Not yet. I can make some calls when we get back."
I regarded Rhonda, thinking we should enjoy our meal and talk about business later.That decided, I changed the subject. "Are you from Venice?" 
"North Port. I moved over here to go to school. I studied to be a nurse at Manatee Community College, but I never finished."
"How come?" 
Rhonda fell silent. "Man trouble."
I nodded and took a sip of wine. "Yeah, I know what you mean."
She gazed at me with sisterly concern in her eyes. "You do?"
I sighed and stared into my burgundy. "I loved a guy once."
"No kidding. What happened?"
The waitress hurried past our booth with two plates in her hands. Delicious smells of shrimp marinara and chicken parmesan wafted by and my stomach groaned with hunger. I leaned over my bread plate. "He moved away."
Rhonda took a sip of wine. "Mine didn't move away. He just lost interest."
I buttered another piece of bread and shook my head, wondering how any guy in his right mind would leave a smart gal like Rhonda. Then I realized I might as well forget it because there is no figuring out how the male mind works. "What happened to you is worse. At least I don't have to run into my guy."
Rhonda shrugged. "So far I haven't seen mine. Billy and I were going to get married, but he ran off with my best friend." 
The waitress set down two plates of zittis and meatballs before she whisked away, the sound of her uniform making swishing sounds. Neither of us touched our food. "Your best friend did that to you? That stinks."
Rhonda sniffed. "You bet it does, but there's nothing I can do to change it."
I tried to perk myself up by dispensing some clichés. "Don't give up on life just because you got a lemon, there are plenty of fish in the sea."
Rhonda blew her nose in her napkin and smiled. "That's what my mother said."
"Don't you believe her?"
"No."
While Rhonda finished her meal, I studied the photos I'd picked up from Budzelli's that she'd brought with her. The man with the golden tooth still looked familiar, but I just couldn't remember why.
* * *
An hour later, we slipped into Sam Falcone's new office, each carrying an aluminum foil container of zittis and meatballs. I was still trying to figure out who the man with the golden tooth was and it was driving me crazy. 
"They really give you a lot of food." Rhonda took one of the chocolate mints I offered her.
"Yeah, but it's economical. You can get two meals out of it."
"I guess you're right. Let's take another peek at the photos and see if I can remember anything." She took the pictures out of her purse and we looked at them together. I tried to place the man with the gold tooth, but couldn't. Looking at his face was like trying to remember a word. It felt like it was on the tip of my tongue, but I just couldn't grasp it.
“Let me make a few calls.” Rhonda reached for the receiver. She asked the same question for each call. "Do you do gold crowns?"
She put the phone down, shoved all the pictures but the one of the man with the gold tooth into her top drawer and gathered up her bag and sweater. "Come on, we have to go to the dentist.”
“What you talking about? My teeth are fine. Oh, I see, you need some work done.”
“No, not me. The man in the picture had a gold tooth. Whoever did the dental work should know his name and address.”
I put my arm around Rhonda’s shoulder. “You are a fantastic investigator! Let’s go!”
The office of Dr. Juanita Hasglas, DDS, was located off Meriweather on a quiet street. Even the waiting room felt comfy with its huge tropical fish tank, soft music, and softer chairs. Until I heard the drill. Then Rhonda just about had to sit on me to keep me there.
The receptionist looked up from her computer when she heard the commotion. “Can I help you?” she said in an alto that reminded me of my mother when she was trying to be nice. She also had a Scandinavian look about her and bifocals on the end of her nose. Her name tag read Kristin Olson.
“Yes, Ms. Olson, you can.” I sauntered up to the desk with Rhonda right at my heels. “We’re from the private investigation offices of Mr. Sam Falcone.” Rhonda flashed a business card in the woman’s direction. Even I knew enough not to believe that old ploy, but Kristin obviously didn’t.
She leaned over the counter in a confidential manner. “What do you want to know? Nothing ever happens around here. I could use some excitement.”
Have you tried root canal? “We’re looking for a man with a golden crown in the upper left hand side of his mouth.” I pointed to a spot on mine and Rhonda flashed the picture of the man with the golden tooth at her.“Did you put in a crown for someone like that?”
Kristin stared at me and then at the picture before she shook her head. “Doesn’t sound right, but let me check the computer. She did a few quick clicks on the keyboard and then stared up at us. “A gold crown in tooth number ten. We haven’t done that work on anybody that I know of. Sorry.”
Not as sorry as I was. “Where to next?”
Rhonda whipped out a list and we visited every one. Same answer each time until we walked into Dr. Simon Schuster’s office. The receptionist was very sweet. She reminded me of my Aunt Laurayne. Even had the fog-horn voice. “Let me see that picture again. You know, I think I remember him. Alisha cleaned his teeth. No wait, he had an emergency removal of a molar. Impacted, I think. Alisha!”
A petite blonde came out of an examining room. “I remember him,” she said, taking a quick glance at the photo of the man with the gold tooth. “I’ll be out to talk to you in a minute, as soon as I finish a cleaning.”
Rhonda and I hung out by the receptionist’s counter, looking at fliers about Mr. Tooth, How Sugar Ruins Your Teeth, and The Correct Way to Brush—at an angle to the gum, and gently—the complete opposite of what I’d been doing for years. 
Just as I finished reading The Nine Rules for Tooth Health, Alisha dashed into the reception area. “Just let me check my records. I think he paid in cash. And it was about a month ago. Can’t remember his name, but I should be able to find it by the date. No, it’s not here. Karen,” she said to the receptionist. “I can’t find the tooth cleaning I did about a month ago. Did our computer go down?” She faced us and said, “It’s always going down and sometimes we lose our data base.”
The receptionist shrugged.
“Sorry, I can only tell you he was here and had a cleaning and a gold crown. He told me to be careful, that the crown was worth a lot of money and that he lived in Chicago. Does that help?”
I shook her hand. “Yes, it does. Thank you so much.” Rhonda and I schlepped back to the car. “It would have helped more if we had a name and address.
“At least we know he exists. Maybe the police can do something with what we found out. I’ll tell Denny about it.”
“What I don’t understand is what he’s been doing here for a month.”
“Maybe he came to scope out the place. Mr. Falone used to tell me that criminals didn’t usually take someone else’s information. They wanted to check things out for themselves so they didn’t get caught. Sometimes that takes time.”
That’s when I asked her the million dollar question. “You think this gold-toothed man killed your boss?”
* * *
Halfway back to the office, Rhonda suddenly sat up like a wind-up doll wound too tight and talked nonstop. "I'll call Angel, she can reach the rest of the family and make the arrangements. I guess we'll close up both offices and turn off the phones. What do you think? Daffodils or carnations? Do you think they'll choose a black or a white casket? Somebody should sing ‘Amazing Grace’."
I pulled my van over and grated to a halt next to a mailbox on 41 South. I figured the fact that we’d verified the man with the gold tooth did in fact exist had thrown Rhonda for a loop. Even if that upset Rhonda, I couldn’t let her stop our investigation. 
"Hold it. We're not going to close the new office. We still need to get evidence that the man with the gold tooth did this to Mr. Falcone, and find out who set me up for an embezzlement charge."
Rhonda wrung her hands.
"We have to find out who did this to your boss and who's doing this to me."
For the first time since I’d met her, Rhonda expressed anger. "Don't you think we've done enough? Shouldn't we let the police do the rest?"
"Like I said before, what makes you think they're going to do anything? You know how the police are. They'll call this death due to a gunshot wound and probably say self-inflicted, due to mooning over Angel or some such. Then the whole investigation of Xeldorf will get swept under the rug, and we'll never find out what really happened, let alone who's framing me for embezzlement and why."
Rhonda sighed. "I'm too exhausted, let's talk about this tomorrow."
"Okay, tomorrow, but remember, you promised to come with me Thursday at midnight when the Xeldorf trucks go out and dump."
I made an executive decision and took a detour. Rhonda was going to be absolutely no help in her current state. "I'm taking you home, kiddo," I said to my snoring friend. She lay back in the passenger seat, having worn herself out in a burst of funeral plans.
I parked down the street. No sense giving her landlord the chance to recognize my van. In the daylight he might remember I’d woke him from his sleep.
The house showed signs of decay in the daylight. Chipped and layered, the black paint on the wrought iron gate needed to be scraped and redone. The faded aluminum awnings had lost most of their screws. They hung off the house, about to fall onto the cracked sidewalk. 
Rhonda's landlord appeared to have no handyman skills. He'd probably cemented-over the lawn in the hopes the weeds wouldn't have the nerve to grow back.
Rhonda woke up with a start when I opened the door on the passenger side and tapped her on the shoulder. "Who? What?"She strained to see me, her body trembling like a fragile bird knocked from its nest.
"You're home. Are you going to be okay?"
She started to sob. Tears dripped off her nose and fell in dark stains on her suede miniskirt. I reached in the back and handed her sheets of toilet paper off a roll I kept for emergencies. Rhonda blew her nose three times, trumpeting into the tissue before wiping her eyes. 
"This is awful, isn't it?" She tipped her head forward so her blonde hair cascaded over her face.
I crouched by her side, holding her hand. She clawed the air, pushing back clumps of feathery hair. 
When Rhonda spoke again, her voice quavered. "This doesn't make sense. Who would want to kill Mr. Falcone? Such a nice guy."
"Nice guys finish last." I winced, hoping it wasn't true. "I don't know who did this yet, but I bet you noodles to donuts, those guys in the black sedan had something to do with it—especially the one with the gold tooth."
Rhonda increased her grip on my arm. "I liked working for Mr. Falcone. He had some rough times with Angel, but he was a good man. The drinking happened because he tried to do his work, but she hurt him bad." 
My hand started to cramp and I pulled it out of Rhonda's grip. Her fingernails grasped my arm like a trap, refusing to let go. "Do you understand?"
"I understand." I stared at Rhonda. In the big palette of life, I figured Rhonda for a definite tan with hints of turquoise. If she opened her eyes and took her life in her hands, she could have whatever she wanted. 
I had it all figured out for her. Too bad I couldn't be so smart in my own matters.
Rhonda's voice turned dreamy. "I used to help him with all his cases and I could tell right from the beginning we worked well together. He was different, special. When he started drinking, I understood. Then he started ignoring some of his clients. That's when I stepped in."
She slipped deep inside a romantic fog. Her proud smile told me that she had taken herself back into the past where safety reigned.
She sat up in her seat, her face filling with surprise. She pulled out her wallet and opened it to a picture. The old fuzzy snapshot reminded me of the kind you take in a bus station. "See this? Mr. Falcone took this picture of the two of us the day I helped him with the Dedoneritz case."
I prayed Rhonda didn’t have her facts mixed up. She filled in the blanks. "Mr. Falcone used the delay switch. He set it up on the shelf, ran back and stood next to me before the picture snapped. Clever, huh?" Tears glimmered in her eyes, predicting more waterworks.
"Yes, clever."
She smiled at the picture, closed the wallet and put it away. "What are we going to tell the police when they come to talk to us?"
"The truth."
"What about your plan to steal a truck?"
"Tell 'em we found out about Mr. Falcone's work investigating Xeldorf Chemical's illegal dumping. Let them do their investigation, and we'll do ours."
Her sobs turned into gentle sniffs. "Okay, I guess I can do that."
"Good. Now, what about going inside and taking a rest. You look exhausted."
Rhonda yawned. "Murder tires me out. What am I going to do with all his mail and phone calls now?"
"I can send everybody a letter saying that he died. I'll make a message for the phone, too. You rest."
* * *
I had a funny feeling about returning to Sam Falcone's office, but I'd promised Rhonda, so after I made sure she was safely tucked in at her house, I went back to the PI’s new office. When I opened the door, I felt a blast of cold air. "That you, Mr. Falcone?" For an instant I saw a flash of something. 
It's only your imagination, I told myself. Dead bodies spooked anybody and they were bound to be unsettling. Grandma Berelli claimed her husband came to visit her regularly for a plate of macaroni and that he reminded her of the angel on the Christmas tree. She set a place at the table for him at every meal. 
I didn't know if angels existed, but I had a hunch they did, especially when I dug into my pocket and came up with one of Mom’s sun buckles. While I munched away, I noticed a small pile of recent mail lay on Rhonda's desk, unopened, and addressed to Sam Falcone, Private Investigator. Why hadn’t Rhonda been opening the mail?
Maybe it was time to stark poking around. The calendar on the secretary's desk read Monday. The future, set in ink and arranged in black-bordered squares, faced me. "Order typing paper. Go to hospital. Call L.F."
L.F.? I pulled open the file cabinet. No folder for L.F. in there.
I picked up the phone to call Rhonda, and then changed my mind. Could she somehow be in on Sam Falcone’s death? That didn't figure. She just wasn’t the type. Then again she could be working with someone else. 
I stared at the calendar on her desk and questions spun around in my brain. I picked up the phone, dialed my brother’s number and told him I needed his help.
"Sure. What do you need?"
"Come over to my house. I'll make you dinner and tell you."
"You're on. Catch you later."
Before I left the office, I threw the unopened letters into my purse. With Rhonda in shock, the task fell to me. Somebody had to read them and if she was in on this, I didn't want it to be her.
* * *
My cozy beach house lay twenty minutes, but a world away from the craziness in downtown Venice. Although I usually felt safe and relaxed when I got home, that evening, streetlights flickered farther down the road, leaving shadowy suggestions of guys carrying guns. I squinted. Probably only my neighbor's wash, hung out and then forgotten. Then why had someone shattered the streetlight by my house?
By the time I’d stopped for groceries and pulled down my street, darkness enveloped the neighborhood. I got out of my van and stood in the driveway. I flinched when the breeze rattled through the Chickasaw plum trees, making a menacing sound. An azalea bush seemed to jump out at me near the driveway. The small of my back tightened and I assumed a karate position, prepared to do battle.
A muffled voice shouted. "Who do you think you are!"
I gasped and froze.
When I whirled around, silhouettes of the Risottis shouted at each other over the dinner table. Clutching my house keys, I told myself, "Don't go nuts now. Nothing to worry about." 
Even while I tried to reassure myself, I couldn't lose the feeling someone was following me. Turning around to check out my worst suspicions, I saw nothing.
"Don't get spooked, girl," I muttered to myself.
The moon moved behind a bank of clouds, and shadows turned the street darker and heavier. Afraid to run or make a noise and miss the sounds of whoever might be there, I tiptoed, clutching my purse to my side. Nothing moved, but I could feel him, sense him, as if he were sending me some kind of sinister message. Holding my breath, I listened, waiting for a voice or the click of shoes against the cement.
When I couldn't stand the suspense a second longer, I dashed for my front door, jammed the key in, and pushed my way inside. Breathless, I re-locked the door, ran to the window and stared out.
A shadow under an Australian pine enlarged, charged forward, coming toward the house. I slapped a hand over my mouth, but that didn't stop the scream from coming out.

Chapter 11

Standing in the foyer of my beach house, back pressed against my foyer wall, I felt trapped, unable to move. If I stayed there, whoever was stalking me wouldn't come a step closer, and I'd be okay. Crazy thinking, but it didn't matter, it worked for me.
I strained to hear a sound outside.
My pulse beat in my ears like a tom-tom gone wild. Don’t crack under the pressure, I told myself.
I peeked out the window. Nothing.
Another glance. By the spruce. A shadow.
The room pulsated, I breathed in gasps, feeling the ceiling and floors tremble. If Istayed quiet, maybe he'd go away.
The guy out there had seen me go in, knew I waited inside. What did he want?
I peeled myself off the wall and staggered toward the kitchen. The phone shimmered ahead, unreachable, moving away from my shaking body, like the edge of quicksand.
Willing my legs along, I passed an unlit lamp, wondering about Sigmund. Where was he when I needed him? I'd never known him to be a coward. This was very strange.
No animal sounds. If someone had hurt my little puppy, I’d chop the guy into a million pieces. I whirled and charged toward the front door, picking up the maple clothes rack on my way. I held it out in front like Sir Lancelot in a movie I'd seen.
When I reached the foyer, a key turned in the lock.
I spun to a halt and the throw rug slid out from under my feet. My body careened to the floor and the clothes rack smacked against the front door. I lay in a heap, like a heifer that had been roped, straining every nerve to get my bearings. Numb and lightheaded, I tried to think straight.
"Get up."I had to find a weapon before he got inside
All strength gone from my feet, I propped myself up on my elbows, grabbed the clothes rack and pointed it in the direction of the front door. "Go away. I've got a gun and I know how to use it."
"Open up." 
"I'm warning you."
"Open the door."
"The police are on their way."
"I'm coming in." 
The door burst open and a man wearing a Bill Blass navy blazer and Aramis after shave rushed inside, tripped on the clothes rack and fell on top of me. 
"Joey?" 
"Cookie?" 
Silence.
"You okay, sis?"
"I would be if you got your big butt off me." Our legs and arms untangled, Joey released my hair from his jacket button, and we jammed shoes back onto our feet.
Joey stood up, straightened his tie, and brushed off his sport jacket. He stared down at me, laughing. 
"Help me up, you scootch!"
He reached down and yanked me to my feet. "What you doing on the floor anyway?"
"What do you think I was doing, scrubbing it with a toothbrush? I was going all out to get to the door before the fool on the other side broke in. Where did you get that key anyhow?" I straightened my blouse and smoothed strands of hair off my face.
"Don't you remember? You gave me a key in case you locked yourself out."
I tried to unscramble my brain. That's right, I had given him a key. "That was a long time ago. Besides I didn't expect you to use it, only have it around in case I locked myself out by accident and needed a rescue."
Joey brushed lint off his shoulder. "When you screamed bloody murder, I thought you needed help. That's when I opened the door."
"Thanks for that, but what were you doing out there anyway, skulking around like a criminal?"
"I came by for dinner. You invited me. Besides, I wasn't skulking." He bent down and picked up a bunch of nasturtiums. "Here." He thrust the bouquet into my hands. "I stopped to get flowers at Marzelli's, but they'd closed."
I managed a half-smile. "So you picked some from the Risotti's garden. They'll be pleased." 
"They'll never know. Nobody saw me do it. Besides, there's plenty left. They won't miss a few."
I beamed at him. So like him to share what he had and expect everyone else to do the same. "Joey, you always were great with flowers and candy."
He bent down and retrieved a box. He stuffed a pink ribbon back on the container and handed it to me. "Sweets to the sweet." 
I grabbed it out of his hands, ignoring the hackneyed phrase. "Any chocolate-covered caramels?"
"You bet. Come on, let's go inside and have a drink. You could use one." He closed the door behind him, took me by the arm and led me to the kitchen.
* * *
A few hours later, after I retrieved Sigmund from Mrs. Kitzel’s, he slept peacefully on the kitchen floor while Joey finished his coffee and I ate the frosting off my chocolate cake.
Most of my fear had dissipated, but a smidgen still resided in the pit of my stomach. The whole experience with investigating was getting more and more complicated, and I knew I was in way over my head.
Joey and I'd cooked dinner together, although I must confess, Joey did most of the work. He knew his way around the kitchen. My mother made sure her son wasn't dependent on a woman to keep him from starving to death.
"So, who is this L.F. guy?" Lines of fatigue crept around his mouth. The skin pulled tight across his jawbone, and shadows like black bruises hollowed out spaces under his eyes.
"You okay?" I put a hand on his shoulder.
"I'm fine. Don't fuss." He grasped my hand and gave it a squeeze. "What about L.F.?"
I sighed, mopping up the last few crumbs. I'd told him about the mysterious entry on Rhonda's calendar. I share just about everything with Joey and he does the same with me, except his romantic excursions, which I don't care to hear about. "I'm trying to find out what the initials stand for. So far, no luck."
"What's your plan?" Joey took a bite of cake.
I hadn't even finished my second helping of eggplant parmigiana and had left a side of spaghetti to turn cold and rubbery. 
All through dinner, I'd just pushed my food around on my plate. "I had a plan, but that's out the window now that I think Rhonda might be in on this."
"That cute thing?" He dunked a piece of cake in his coffee. "I doubt it. You sure your imagination isn't working overtime again?"
I cleared away all the dishes except for dessert, dumped them in the sink, and came back with a bottle of anisette and a coffee pot. "Maybe I'm being too suspicious, but I had hoped you had some ideas about what to do next. Thursday me and Rhonda are going to Xeldorf Chemicals to follow their trucks, and see if they're dumping illegally. Meanwhile, I’ll follow up on this L.F. lead."
"You're the investigator. My field's women."
"You think Rhonda couldn't be in on anything crooked?" I replenished our coffee, leaving room at the top for anisette.
"Nah, and I also think you’re nuts to go sniffing around Xeldorf Chemicals." He picked up the bottle of liqueur and poured some in our cups.
We sat for a while, sipping our bittersweet drinks until an image popped into my head. "The mail. I did pick that up. Rhonda hasn't been opening it for days."
"She's been a little busy with her boss being murdered, don't you think?"
Anger swelled up inside me and I turned on him. "Why are you taking her side?"
"I'm not taking her side or any side, just making an effort to help you think this thing out."
I took a sip of coffee and reached for my bag. The sweet anisette softened me on its way down. "You're right. I do need your help. Let's see what's in these letters."
I pulled out a handful of envelopes and dumped them on the table. "Looks like a lot of bills."
Joey picked up a fat brown envelope and shook it. "What do you suppose is inside?"
"Open it, maybe it's a real clue."
"Lookie here." He pulled out a shiny key. "Who sent this to Falcone?"
"I don't know, is there a return address."
Joey turned the envelope over. "S. Falcone, 345 Venice Street."
"You sure?"
"Yes, ma'am." He handed me the envelope.
I stared at the address. "Now, why would he be mailing himself a key?"
After Joey left and I still couldn’t figure out that puzzle, I did what I sometimes do to relax. I cook.
***
Nana’s Sun Buckles (You’ll never leave any trace evidence with these!)
Ingredients:
1 cup of soft butter
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon almond extract
Directions:
Mix butter, sugar, and eggs thoroughly
Stir in remaining ingredients
Cover and chill for at least 2 hours or overnight
Heat oven to 400 degrees F. 
Press dough into bottom and sides of sun buckle tins or a single serving tart pan
Place on cookie sheet
 Bake 10-12 minutes
 Cool
Tap moulds to release cookies
Enjoy!
***
The next morning a tree limb scraping against the side of my house woke me. I’d hardly slept at all. Images of tall men in imitation London Fogs kept jolting me awake. 
Gray clouds covered the sky like a dull quilt and the weather forecast on the radio predicted early morning showers, clearing by noon. "Go get the paper, Siggie." 
I shoved him out the front door. I didn’t want anyone seeing me. Besides, how did I know if someone in a car across the street might be watching my every move? Although I'd discontinued my subscription because the news depressed me, I'd trained the dachshund to get newspapers. Time to see if he'd learned anything
He scratched at the door two minutes later, the Risotti's Sun Herald in his mouth. "Good dog." I extracted my neighbor's plastic-wrapped daily from his hold and gave him a doggy treat in exchange. 
"Wipe your feet, dogpie." I listened to his toenails tap across the tile and onto the carpet. 
Wearing a shirred-hip skirt in powder blue, matching square-necked top, and copper red clunky shoes, I felt very fashion-conscious while I sipped my morning coffee and read the paper. 
Memorial services for Samuel T. Falcone will take place
tomorrow noon at Baratchi's Funeral Home, 922
Gondolier. Burial services will follow the service
at Glorious Rest Cemetery. There will be a viewing
this evening from 6:00 p.m. to 9 p.m. at the funeral home.
The phone rang as I carefully refolded the paper and gave it to Sigmund to return to the Risotti's yard. Always return what you borrow was one of his mottos. He was nothing if not polite. 
The first words out of Rhonda's mouth were, "Did you see the paper?" 
Of course, I'd seen the newspaper, but I had to be careful how I made that known to her. For sure I didn't want to accuse her of some undercover activities with L.F. Maybe because of what Joey had said the night before, or maybe because Rhonda sounded so lost, I took pity on her. "Sad isn't it?"
Sniffs came across the wire. "It's more than sad. Oh, cripes, Cookie. I can't take this." Rhonda sighed, loud and jagged. "He was my boss and friend. I'm really going to miss him."
"I know, I know."
"I don't think I can go to the viewing. My eyes are all red and puffy from crying."
"You have to go. For Mr. Falcone. Besides, the guy with the gold tooth might be there. This is our chance."
I heard loud sobs. "Oh, Cookie. I saw him everyday but Sunday for so long. Now, I won't ever see him again."
"Sure you will. You’ll see him at the viewing."
"I don't mean that."
"I know what you mean. It's okay to feel sad or mad or whatever." I couldn't think of anything else to say. I had no answers to death, the one big question mark in the universe.Not sure how to make Rhonda feel better, I did what my mother always did, changed the subject. "Listen, Rhonda. I found a key Mr. Falcone mailed to himself. Do you have any idea why he would do that?"
"I don't know about any key. Maybe he sent it himself because he didn't want anybody else to get it."
"My sentiments exactly. He was trying to keep it safe. Maybe he knew he was being followed."
"How did you get the key?"
"In the mail." I paused, not sure how to be diplomatic, then plunged right in. "How come you haven't been opening it?"
She gave a long sigh, like a child about to sob. I felt really sorry for her. Her voice sounded sad and a little desperate. "I don't know. They reminded me of him. I had a premonition he might die and I got the silly idea that if I didn't open his mail nothing bad would happen to him. Sort of like stopping the clock. Did you ever do anything that crazy?"
"Every day."
 I understood Rhonda better. We both did weird things once in a while. That made me feel a whole lot better. Not totally trusting, but better.
Her voice brightened. "Glad to know I'm not the only oddball."
"I keep thinking about Mr. Falcone, too."
I listened while she talked about working with the private investigator. I made a few well-placed "um-hms" and "I'll bets." Mostly, I watched Sigmund waddle to his bowl and lick it—his way of telling me to feed him. Holding the receiver to my ear, I went into the cupboard, took out his food, and dumped some in his dish.
When Rhonda wound down, I jumped in. "Do you have any idea what the key might open?"
"I don't know. Describe it."
"Silver, small, but not small enough for a suitcase or anything like that. Could be a locker key or maybe it opens a safe deposit box."
"I don't think he had a locker, but he did have a safe deposit box at Merchants' Bank. He used to keep important evidence there, things he worried somebody might ransack his office for."
I knocked my knuckles on the counter. "Bingo. Did you ever go there and deposit things in it?"
"A couple of times he gave me the key when he went out of town or on a case. I know the clerk pretty well."
A feeling of hope stirred inside me. "Good, then we shouldn't have any trouble."
"What are you planning now?"
"Not much."
"Come on, Cookie, what is it this time?"
"I figured we'd go down there and see what we can find."
"I don't think we should."
I took out a Hershey kiss and popped it into my mouth. "Meet me at the bank in an hour." I hung up before she could argue with me.
* * *
When I arrived at Merchants' Bank on the Tamiami Trail, I wasn't so sure what Rhonda and I had planned made any sense at all. The building in front of me looked more like an old theater than a bank. Strung across its marquee hung the latest CD rates. A uniformed security guard sat in front of the building in a small booth, watching when we pulled up in my van. He eyed me while I paced up and down the sidewalk waiting for Rhonda.
The weather report had been right. Clouds pushed their way north, clearing the sky, letting the sun shine down. It felt hot and comforting on my back.
Rhonda arrived about twenty minutes late in a yellow cab. The orange, black and vanilla geometric print of her dress reminded me of a Prada imitation that did nothing for her. I couldn't bring myself to tell her after I saw her red puffy eyes.
I put an arm around my friend and squeezed, sniffing her Jean Naté. "You okay?"
Rhonda straightened her shoulders. "Yes, I'm fine."
We went inside the bank and marched across the shiny marble floor and through the double glass doors. "Hi, Annie." Rhonda addressed a squared-faced bank clerk who wore her hair in a French braid and had a ring on each of her fingers. "Here to get something out of Mr. Falcone's safe deposit box. This is the right key, isn’t it?”
The clerk stared through her rimless glasses at the key. "It's one of ours, but I’m sorry, I 2can't let you open Mr. Falcone’s box."
"Why not?" I asked.
The clerk sighed and gave Rhonda an apologetic look. "The police told me not to."

Chapter 12

Rhonda and I hadn't been able to convince the clerk at the bank to let us into Sam Falcone's safety deposit box, but that didn’t bother me. I figured my PI had probably filled the container with useless stuff like insurance policies, photos of men cheating on their wives, and his Veteran's ID number. 
"Let’s get this viewing thing over with." I said to Sigmund, inviting him into my bedroom. I grabbed three dresses out of my closet, held them against my body, and glanced in the bedroom mirror.
I lifted the low-cut black taffeta up for Sigmund to see. "What about this Dogpie? Too sophisticated, don't you think?" 
The dog sat on the other side of the room, head cocked to the side. "Okay, not the taffeta. I flung it onto the bed.
"What about the black organdy with the polka dot skirt in silk charmeuse jacquard?" The dog growled. "You're right, it's definitely a party-all-night dress, not a go-to-a-viewing frock." 
I sent it flying onto the chair and held up the last possibility. "I guess it's the black chambray linen with the white collar and pleated skirt. A little too Ann Klein, but so what? Probably no one will come with any fashion sense anyway."
I slipped into the gown and stared at Sigmund in the mirror. "Needs a hat, don't you think?" For panache, I plunked a black suede hat with a red feather on my head, and slipped into shiny red pumps.
After he'd given his approval for my ensemble, I brought Sigmund over to Mrs. Kitzel’s and left the house to meet Rhonda at the funeral home. I couldn’t resist stopping for a taffy apple at a produce stand on the way.
***
Cookie’s Taffy Apples (Great for funeral home viewings)
Ingredients:
6 red delicious apples
1 bag of caramels
Directions:
Wash apples
Take wrappers off caramels
Put caramels in double boiler with some water 
Heat at medium setting, watching for caramels to start to melt
Add more water if needed to make a thick covering for apples
Dip apples in melted caramel
Set on wax paper with sticks up
Be sure to floss and brush your teeth after eating one.
***
I parked in the lot just as the sun set and pale streaks of orange and lavender streaked across the sky. I finished my taffy apple and got out of my car to gaze at the view. What a sweet contrast to being in a funeral home staring at a dead body. I didn't want to go inside, but I didn’t want to disappoint Rhonda.
"Cookie." I turned around at the sound of a familiar voice. Rhonda headed straight for me. She wore a black blouse that verged on see-through and a hip-wrapped jersey miniskirt that left nothing to the imagination.
"Blumarine?" 
"Huh?" Rhonda wore a vacant stare as she caught up with me.
"The label. Is it Blumarine?"
Rhonda shrugged. "I have no idea, I got this outfit at Target."
Definitely not Blumarine, but still cool in its tacky way. "Come on, kiddo." Igrabbed Rhonda's arm. "Let's not miss any of this, keep your eyes open for the man with the gold tooth." I slipped my hand in my pocket. 
"I hope I can get through this. My stomach is a mess."
"Jelly beans help me get through depressing times," I confided to Rhonda while we walked toward the two-story stone structure.
 "Got any lavenders? I really love lavenders." Her enthusiasm surprised me. I gazed into those perfect eyes of hers. If she could get over Sam Falcone so easily, maybe she really was in on the murder.
 I dug in my pocket again and plunked two lavender sugar-glazed candies in Rhonda's hand. She gave me a warm thank-you smile. Nah, she couldn't be in on anything bad. Not with that smile. 
We were getting pretty good together, helping each other out at crucial moments. I sighed and looked forward to solving these mysteries and spending a lifetime getting to really know each other.
I stepped off the stair first and entered Baratchi's Funeral Home. The sound of Rhonda's heels clicking across the marble followed me. The place reminded me of a well-lit cavern. The odor of mold filtered up through the smell of floral room deodorizer. A thin man in a too-big black suit came wearily down the spiral stairway, his hands outstretched in welcome. "Good evening. Which family?" 
He had a Bela Lugosi voice. His deep tones echoed up the steps and evaporated above him in the chandelier. 
"Falcone." I stepped forward. He gave me a cold and lifeless handshake. Like touching the dead.
He led us across a thick green carpet to a room off the main hallway. Clumps of people stood around or headed for viewing rooms. The hum of solemn conversation filled the space. 
"Do you know any of them?" I whispered to Rhonda, scanning the group for the man with the gold tooth, and slipping a yellow jelly bean into my mouth.
She pointed to the coffin. "There’s Angel over there." 
The widow shouldn't have worn rusty black, especially not with ruffles. It made her face too grim even with all that heavy makeup. From the way she carried on, sobbing and quivering, I half-expected her to fall on the casket. No adolescent stood by her side, but maybe the boy in the picture on Sam Falcone's desk hadn't been their son.
Now that I saw her standing, I realized Angel had to be at least three inches taller than her dear departed husband and anorexic-thin. Nearly faceless beneath her broad-brimmed black hat and veil, she held court near the back of the room.
"There's Mr. Shea, he's a private investigator, too." Rhonda pointed to a handsome man and smiled.
I glanced in his direction and approved of what I saw. "A friend of your boss?"
"Mr. Shea's new at the business. He used to come over and drink all Mr. Falcone's coffee and talk to him for hours about cases. A fast learner was Mr. Shea."
The PI reminded me a little bit of Tony Zuppa with his seductive eyes and muscular body. Wearing a bad Armani knockoff, he still stacked up great in the black suit. Sidling in his direction, I put my arm around Rhonda's shoulder. "Introduce me."
"Okay, but don’t do anything weird."
I grabbed Rhonda and dragged her in the PI's direction. "Come on, we're trying to solve a murder, not go to a church social."
"Mr. Shea." Rhonda came to an abrupt halt in front of him. 
The PI turned and glanced at her. "Miss Roddenberry, how nice to see you." I loved his deep southern drawl.
"Nice to see you, too. This is Cookie Berelli, Mr. Falcone's client." 
 I poked her. "Investigator in training."
The PI turned startling blue eyes on me and the hand he offered me felt warm and friendly. "Miss Berelli. Delighted. I didn't know Mr. Falcone had an investigator in training—at least not one so charming." 
 I smiled. "You're pretty charming yourself, Mr. Shea."
"Call me Andy." He held onto my hand.
"Okay, Andy. Tell us if you have any idea who might want to kill Mr. Falcone."
He smiled at me, shock registering in the depth of his eyes. Then he leaned so close to me that I could smell his clean masculine scent. "You're an upfront young lady, I like that. I know I should have an idea about who killed him, but I don't."
"What about his wife?"
His eyes shifted to the grieving widow. "Angel? Maybe. There have been rumors she left him because he cheated on her."
"Not the other way around?"
Andy Shea smiled, showing off a super set of white teeth. "I don't think so, he had the roving eyes."
"For who?"
"I wouldn't know about that, but we should compare notes after the funeral." He let go of my hand and slowly sauntered away.
"Wow." I dropped a red jelly bean into my mouth, still tingling from my encounter with Andy Shea. 
Rhonda stared at me, puzzled. "He sure did like you." 
I smiled, watching Andy Shea disappear into the crowd. "I know. Don't be so 
surprised." 
Although I acted otherwise, that shocked me. Was it possible there could be a "he" and a "me" in the future? 
Nah, not so soon after Tony Zuppa, the guy who dumped me and went off to Hollywood to be a film star. Like they gave it away in a caramel corn box. Men can’t be trusted and I better not forget it.
We started off in the direction of the casket, making our way through an assembly of mourners in dark suits and dresses. I whispered into Rhonda's ear. "They're all wearing Wal-Mart. Let's get away from here, polyester makes me sneeze."
A quintet of older women stood near the casket. One wore black crepe. It didn't do a thing for her. Another wore a string of very large pearls. She turned to another in diamonds. "He reminds me so much of his father."
Another in a black satin suit that disguised her thick waist and showed off her fine legs leaned into the group. "No, his father went bald and Sam always had a full head of hair."
One woman in a suit too small for her broad body wiped her eyes, blew her nose and shook her head. Nearer to the coffin, a man with a mustache and a striped gray suit bent over and laid a carnation on the casket.
Organ music throbbed over the PA system, punctuated by a few sobs from Angel Falcone. 
"Who's that?" I pointed to ten people sitting on straight-backed chairs near the coffin in the center of the room.
"Mr. Falcone's family. That's his father in the black suit and I think that's his sister
in the veiled hat." They looked nothing like the late great PI, but then I didn't resemble my father, either. He used to joke I belonged to the milkman until he saw how it hurt me and he stopped doing it.
I watched them go up to the casket or back to the door to greet other people as they came in. I advanced on the widow while Rhonda hovered behind. 
"I'm Cookie Berelli, and this is Rhonda, Mr. Falcone's assistant." 
The flock of family parted and Angel turned to stare at me. Her face pulled into an expression of disgust. Except for her deep-set brown eyes, I couldn't see one good reason why Sam Falcone had ever been attracted to Angel.
"Thanks for coming." She had an insincere voice that reminded me of chalk squeaking on a blackboard. Lights of insincerity glistened in her eyes.
Rhonda took a step forward. "Terrible isn't it?" 
Angel moaned. "You know Sam and I weren't on the best of terms, but he was so young."
"I'm real sorry." Rhonda patted Angel's hand.
"Me, too." Angel sounded more angry than sad.
"Condolences," I muttered.
"Have you seen him? I can't believe how good they made him look." Angel dabbed at her eyes.
A tall man in a dark gray suit with matching eyes came up behind the widow and spoke to her. "Can I talk to you for a minute?" They moved toward the door.
"Let's take a peek at him." I started toward the coffin.
"I don't know if we should." Rhonda pulled back.
"Have another jelly bean for courage." I dispensed the sweet and led Rhonda closer.
"Look at him. They've done a wonderful job with Mr. Falcone. With his face so still and light makeup on, he looks like he could be sleeping."
"Sam."Angel came up behind us and tears gushed out of her eyes and ran down her cheeks, leaving a mascara trail.
"Pray for Sam." The tall man with gray eyes she'd been talking to put a hand around Angel's shoulders. 
 The widow turned toward him and put her head on his chest. Looked pretty cozy to me, but I didn't mention it. 
"I've never seen her so emotional." Rhonda pulled me off to the side.
Now that Rhonda had given me the lead, I unzipped my lips and filled her in on my conclusions. "Maybe it's all for show. She could have killed him you know. A lot of murders are committed by family members." I held my ground against the people who had been sitting in the straight-backed chairs and now rushed forward. 
Rhonda spun around. Anger rippled in her eyes. "Why would she do that?" 
"How would I know? Stranger things have happened."
"She's devastated like the rest of us." Rhonda took out her handkerchief, wiped her eyes, and honked into the cotton and lace.
"Get a load of Angel's eyes. I'll bet she's having an affair with that guy."
"Roger Falcone? Mr. Falcone's cousin? He's married."
"No law says you can't fool around when you're married. You can still have a fling."
Rhonda frowned. Before she could say anything, a circle of women closed in on Angel, filling the room with comforting clucks and wheezes.
Pushing my way through the crowd, I spoke to Angel. "I'd like to talk to you sometime about Sam."
Eyes snapping, Angel turned to face me. "What?"
Roger stepped forward, snorting like a wild hog about to charge. "Leave the poor woman alone."
I pulled my shoulders back. "My deepest sympathy. I knew Mr. Falcone pretty well. Maybe his widow would like to help us find out who murdered him."
All conversation in the room ceased. I felt like the lead actor in that stock brokerage 
ad when the announcer says, "When Snodgrass and Whiffenpoof speak, the world listens."
"How could you?" Angel shouted at me.
I held up a restraining hand. "Hey, I didn’t mean to upset you."
Angel stood nose to nose with me. "Of course I want to know what happened to Sam, but this is neither the time nor the place."
"You're entirely right, Mrs. Falcone." Would she reveal something about Sam's shooting? Pushing her to the max presented itself as the best way to do that.
Rhonda yanked at my arm and tried to shush me, then turned to give Angel an apologetic glance. "I think we should say our good-byes."
"Not yet." I pulled my arm away.
"Let's not start anything." Rhonda's eyes pleaded with mine.
"I only want to make an appointment with her."
Angel stepped forward, exhorting the crowd. "Get the funeral director and throw this woman out. She has no right being here, starting trouble!" 
Two men in black with rigid jaws and squinty eyes hurried out to do the widow’s bidding.
A short lumpy fortyish woman in an A-line dress with a soft urgent voice tapped me on the shoulder. "Excuse me, but I might know something that would interest you."
I turned and stared into amber-colored eyes. "Good, I'm Cookie Berelli."
"Rose Falcone, Sam's cousin." She pumped my hand. I noticed she had a friendly, open face and soft gray eyes.
Rhonda sniffed into her handkerchief. "Maybe you'd better tell the police, Rose."
Something like fear flickered in Rose's eyes. "I can't, my husband's had a few run-ins with them already."
"Fine, then tell me, I'll be glad to listen." I put a hand on the woman's wrist.
"I'm not really sure that what I know would help."
"We can use any bit of info you have."
Rose grabbed my sleeve. "I think I was the last one to see him before he died." The crowd pushed in, moving closer.
"Shh, we don't want everybody to hear this." I put a finger to my lips.
Rose released my sleeve and rubbed a brown-spotted hand over her forehead. "This has been driving me crazy. Sam called me the day he died. Did you know that?"
"No." Rhonda and I said in unison.
"Well, he did."
She opened her mouth to go on, but I silenced her. "Not here."
 Rose handed me a handwritten slip of paper. "Okay, I'll meet you after the funeral. Here's my address. Come and talk to me."
Rhonda whirled me around in time to see the funeral director, banked by two security guards, coming right at us.

Chapter 13

How did I get myself into these things? I'd only offered to help Sam Falcone's widow find out who'd murdered him. As a result, I now faced the angry faces of the men advancing on us in the viewing room at Baratchi's Funeral Home. 
I clutched Rhonda by the arm and whispered. "Let’s go, we've outstayed our welcome." 
"See you tomorrow." Rose Falcone waved and slipped back into the crowd.
I would have loved to have stopped and talked to her there and then, found out her 
Information, and taken action. As it was, we were getting the boot out of the funeral home with no time to learn what Rose had to offer.
The funeral director glared at us, the cuffs of his too-big black suit arriving at the casket a millisecond before he did. The martyred look on his face turned stony. "What's going on here?" His voice came out full of weariness, probably from one too many viewings that day.
Angel whirled and gaped at me. "This woman is making a scene, please show her to the exit."
"I apologize again, but don't bother, we're leaving anyway." I grabbed Rhonda's arm, popped a black jelly bean into my mouth and raced her to the door.
* * *
Rhonda and I left the funeral home in such a hurry that we forgot we hadn't even tried to find the man with the gold tooth, our best bet for Sam Falcone's murderer. How could we have been so dumb? Maybe I was just tired from the stresses of the day to think straight. That excuse showed some merit because when I got home, I fell into bed and went right to sleep.
I awoke with a start the next morning and forgave myself, thinking that Rose Falcone’s appearance had distracted me. Sam Falcone's funeral would give us another chance to find the gold-toothed man.
I sat on the edge of the bed and took a few deep breaths, stretching my arms over my head. Sigmund cocked an ear, watching me. "How come you never stretch, dogpie?"I yawned and brushed a few strands of hair out of my eyes.
To show me, he waddled away, stopping to stretch his back legs at the door. With Sigmund gone, a Cinemascope image spun in front of me. Andy Shea gazed at me, surrounded by sparkling stars and a cavalcade of singers and dancers.
"Nah." I muttered, getting up and heading for the kitchen and a glass of pineapple juice. "When I go after him, he'll turn out to be married, gay, or not interested.
I drowned my sadness over Andy Shea by devouring half dozen molasses cookies and washing them down with a glass of apple juice. That cheered me up enough to tell Sigmund, "Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, dogpie, and don't you forget it." I let him finish off the crumbs in the bottom of the cookie jar while I headed for the shower.
***
Uncle Tony’s Molasses Cookies (Chew your worries away)
Ingredients:
1/2 c. butter, softened
1 1/2 c. sugar
1/2 c. unsulfured molasses
2 eggs lightly beaten
4 c. flour
1/2 tsp. salt
2 1/4 tsp. baking soda
2 1/4 tsp. ground ginger
1 1/2 tsp. ground cloves
1 1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cream butter, shortening, sugar in large bowl. Beat in molasses and eggs until thoroughly combined. Set aside. In another bowl, mix flour, salt, baking soda, ginger, cloves and cinnamon. Gradually stir the flour mixture into the butter mixture until blended and smooth. With sugar coated hands, roll pieces of dough into 1 1/2 inch balls. Roll the balls with additional sugar and place them about 2 1/2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 13 minutes. Cookies will flatten as they bake. Remove cookies from oven and immediately cool on wire racks. Makes about 40 cookies.
***
A few minutes later I stood at the sink, brushing my teeth and forcing myself not to think about the funeral. It would be my final good-bye to Sam Falcone, something I looked forward to about as much as having pizza with Norman Fedoza. Then again, Andy Shea might be there to make my life interesting.
Maybe I could make it work. Fat chance. It took two to tango.
I took out the dental floss, ripped off a couple of feet of the waxed cinnamon-flavored thread and pulled it between my upper front teeth. Did I have the guts to face him after that silly scene I'd made at the funeral home? 
Sigmund pushed the bathroom door open, waddled in and sat down on the bath mat. "You should have seen the way I made Angel squirm."
He glanced up at me and yawned.
"What's that, Siggie? Not the way to do it? Then, what do you suggest?" I stared at the dog, watching him lie down on the mat. "Ohhhhhh—be more charming." 
I smiled at my reflection in the mirror. "How do you doooo, Mr. Shea." I used a southern drawl, tilting my nose up and fluttering my eyelashes.
Sigmund licked his chops.
"Too much, you say? Make up your mind. Maybe I'll forget about him. Rose Falcone is more important now." I knew very little about the woman except that out of all the people at the memorial service, she had been the only one to step forward, ready to tell what she knew. 
Sigmund following me, I padded into the bedroom and pulled on a pale green bra, panties and matching garter belt. "Out of respect for the dead, I will wear stockings.” 
Sitting in a chair by my radio, I pulled a nylon on, thinking about the color of Andy Shea's eyes. I snapped my stocking in place with a garter. "I will not fall for another tall, dark and handsome guy. Not after what Tony Zuppa put me through."
I wiggled into a black gabardine pencil thin skirt and jacket. "No blouse. Very risqué." I noticed the cleavage after I'd buttoned up the top. To fix it, I wound a scarf of the palest pink cotton organdy around my neck and surveyed the results.
Maybe I should have listened to Rose Falcone, and dragged her to the side of the room and pumped her for information. Who knew if Sam Falcone's cousin might get scared someone else had heard what she said? Maybe she'd have second thoughts and refuse to talk to me.
Better get to the funeral and corral Ms. Rose Falcone. I rushed into the bathroom, slapped on some makeup, and dragged a brush through my hair. I slid my feet into a pair of black pumps and tried to choose the appropriate candy. Not recalling funeral etiquette on the subject, I settled for a container of Tic Tacs and a package of peppermint Life Savers. 
I bounced down the stairs with Sigmund behind me. I’d already called Mrs. Kitzel and she stood at her door, waving to us. I gave the dog a hug and headed for my van.
While I revved up the engine I thought about Rose Falcone. She had to help me solve the mystery of the PI's murder. That would make even the police stand up and take notice. I would be cleared of embezzling charges after they realized what an upstanding citizen I was. Newspaper headlines heralded in my head. Gutsy Glamor Gammer Solves Gumshoe Gundown, Embezzlement Exhorts Erased.
This investigation stuff mostly meant using your brains and being in the right place at the right time. Had Andy Shea learned that little secret yet? Maybe I could teach him a thing or two.
* * *
Sam Falcone's funeral mass took place in the sanctum sanctorum of Queen of Most Sacred Angels Catholic Church in Venice. I barely knew the man and I wasn't sure what I was doing going to his funeral, but it just felt like I had to. 
The three-story stone structure covered most of a block. By the time I arrived at least two hundred cars jammed the lot. The rest overflowed into the road. Some of the neighbors stood out in the street, selling parking places in their driveways. I had to drive around the block twice to find a spot.
People crammed the steps, waiting to get a clear view inside. Sam Falcone certainly had a lot of friends or he knew a lot of snoopy people dying to see him in a coffin.
Organ music, muted voices and a hint of incense drifted down the aisle. I shoved my way in and wedged myself between a Mel Brooks look-alike and a little girl in a red chiffon dress chewing bubble gum. 
A fiftyish priest in black vestments motioned to the congregation to kneel. I winced when my knees thudded down on the stiff prayer bench. The Father's reedy voice filled the sanctuary with words of sin and repentance. He had a bulbous nose and beady eyes and the lumpy body of someone who enjoyed too much wine and not enough exercise. Two altar boys next to him didn't seem to care. They gazed up at him, adoring.
Huge carved statues of important religious personages stared down at me. Did they know I had sinned? My eyes flitted to the gigantic windows where the physical and spiritual torment captured in the stained glass made me want to rush forward to the confessional. 
Somebody down the row snored and the little girl next to me chewed on her gum until she blew a bubble and popped it, bringing me back to the moment. The priest intoned. "Oh, Lord, we ask forgiveness for your servant, Samuel Falcone, and commend his soul to Almighty God. Bring him home safely to his Heavenly rest."
Organ music rumbled, building to a noisy crescendo that drowned out his words. I strained to see to the front of the church. A sobbing Angel Falcone sat next to the pall-draped casket. Three candles flickered and nearly went out in the spray of her tears. More dramatic music boomed in my ears while the priest sprinkled holy water on the casket. 
The eulogy left much to be desired. "Sam Falcone toiled quietly in these fields on earth, waiting for his Heavenly due."
My PI struck me as anything but quiet and toiling. Most of the people softly sobbed into their handkerchiefs, or peeked at the rest of us like voyeurs.
I scanned the crowd for a sign of Rhonda. Something glittered in the front of the church. The man with a gold tooth?No, only a matron with metal-rimmed spectacles. "He'll be at the burial, I know it." I glanced around the pews for Rose.
"What's that?" The Mel Brooks look-alike said, adjusting his hearing aid.
I leaned toward him. "I said, ‘Isn't that Muriel Barton, back from London?'"
"Eric Ludlow in Seattle? No, he's married and lives in Ho-Ho-Kus, even has a little baby."
Someone tapped me on the shoulder and I turned to stare into Rhonda’s blurry eyes. "Can you scoot over?"
 I scooted, nearly knocking the old man off his bench. "Where have you been?" 
"I overslept. I never oversleep.” She shook her head when I offered her a Life Saver.
Her face showed obvious signs of stress. Sam Falcone's death had hit her hard and the deeper signs had begun to surface. Lines cropped out around her mouth and eyes that hadn't been there before. A splotch of ketchup on the white collar of her midnight blue mini-dress gave me another clue her mind didn't function up to par, that and the purple sneakers on her feet.
I patted her hand and forced a Life Saver into her palm. "It's okay. You didn't miss much. Help me find Rose and the guy with the gold tooth."
Rhonda sat silently, sucking on peppermint candy. Two minutes later six over-sixty burgundy-faced pall bearers, propelled the casket along on squeaky casters. One of the men tripped and the coffin banged into a pew.
Undaunted, the men righted the coffin, regained control of its direction and headed out the front door to the roar of organ music. The congregation followed, anxious to see if some other mishap might occur.
The hearse pulled up on cue and the pallbearers angled the casket into the back, chipping paint off a fender. A black limousine purred with expectation behind it, while Angel and Roger Falcone pushed through the congregation. 
Roger shouted. "Make way for the widow."
The crowd parted and Angel stumbled down the steps, clinging to Roger's arm. Her black sequined dress didn't quite fit her or the occasion. She kept pulling at the waistline as if that would make it right. Roger helped her into the back seat. 
How long had been sleeping with her? Anyone who admired her backside that way when she bent over to get into the limousine, had to be sleeping with her, or hoping to.
Satisfied no more accidents would occur, everyone rushed to their vehicles. They slammed their doors, revved their engines, and sped off as if auditioning for a part in the Indianapolis 500.
I grabbed Rhonda by the arm. "Come on, ride with me, we don't want to be the last ones to the cemetery." 
On the run, we covered the few blocks to my van. A question burned in my mind. "Where is Mr. Falcone going to be buried?" 
"Memorial Gardens on Jacaranda."
We got in the van and drove off. I caught up with the rest of the funeral procession and maneuvered behind them through the graveyard gates. A stone marker inside the entrance read Established, l950. Tall oaks alongside the road and flowers in vases on top of bronze plaques swayed in the warm breeze. 
I found a parking spot next to a splashing fountain, got out and walked to the grave site with Rhonda leaning heavily on my arm. "I don't know if I can take this." She blubbered into a hanky. 
"Have another Life Saver.”
Rhonda grabbed the candy and shoved it into her mouth. "Isn't that Andy Shea?"
I shaded my eyes to see. He leaned against the trunk of a maple, smiling and nodding at me, as good-looking as ever. "Does he think that I’m going to swoon because he’s wearing large tinted sunglasses, a Prince of Wales linen jacket, tight-fitting charcoal gray slacks, and tasseled Gucci loafers?”
Rhonda smiled and waved, pushing toward him. "Should we tell him about Rose?"
I tried to pull her in the other direction, but she insisted. "Don't tell him anything, we really don't know much yet. Besides, we have to talk to Rose first, if we can find her." 
"Maybe he can help."
"Good morning, ladies." Andy Shea stared straight into my eyes. 
"Shh, they're starting." I tried not to let Andy see me staring at him. How did he get his hair to lie down like that while my red mop frizzed? How did he fit so perfectly into his Ralph Lauren suit while I had to keep pulling down the waist of my Marc Jacobs thrown-together, thrift-store chic black suit in super-luxe fabric? How did he get his eyes to be that color of blue? Seeing him filled me with impossible-to-answer questions. That's when I knew I was a goner.
The circle of mourners made room for us and we edged in. I stared at the dark coffin. The priest began. "Ashes to ashes."
I stole a peek at Andy's handsome face. A better nose than Tony Zuppa's, and deeper eyes, but could he be any truer? Just about anybody had to be, didn't they?
Not necessarily.
The priest's voice filled the air. "Dust to dust."
Did Andy Shea really like me? Just when I convinced myself that he didn't, I caught the gaze of a medium-sized man in a blue Brooks Brothers suit. He gave me a nasty smile and the sun glinted off his gold tooth.
Flabbergasted, I stood stone still, watching him turn to go. I jabbed Rhonda. "It's him, the man with the gold tooth."
"Where?” She peered into the crowd.
The priest and all the mourners turned and stared at me, mouths open. Andy Shea stood out from the crowd, smiling. I grabbed Rhonda's arm and pulled her down a grassy trail. 
"Get him." I recognized Andy Shea's voice. He said it loud enough for me to hear and oblige.
* * *
"He turned right, didn't he?" Tightly buckled into my van’s seat belts, we flew out the cemetery gates after the black sedan. I had no idea what Rhonda and I were doing following the man with the gold tooth. This could be dangerous. It was probably even silly, especially since I had no real weapon. If he decided to turn around and follow us, we would be defenseless. Even after I figured that out, I still plunged ahead. 
We left a cloud of exhaust, a blast of noise—and without doubt—a black strip of rubber a yard long next to the sign that read Rest in Peace.
Rhonda chewed on her lower lip and pointed to the vehicle ahead. "There he is. You sure the man had a gold tooth?"
"Sure as I can be. He looked just like the guy in the picture Mr. Falcone took."
I accelerated and we zoomed around the corner, heading along Tamiami Trail toward the business section of the city. Streets with shops, warehouses and small factories zipped by.
The sedan veered right and my van roared behind, spinning around the corner, tires squealing. Rhonda screamed and slipped down in the seat. The van spurted ahead, zigzagging across the road on two wheels, just missing a garbage can parked on the other side of the street.
I righted my VW and peered out the front windshield. High wire fences lined the empty street ahead on both sides. The road surface turned suddenly from blacktop to gravel, and dust blew up in front of us.
Rhonda sat up. "Where did he go?"
I slowed down, foot on the brake. "That's what I'd like to know." I glanced in the rear view mirror. Uttering a yelp of surprise, I stepped on the accelerator. "Watch out for trouble."
She instinctively grabbed the door handle. "What is it?"
"The sedan."
She brushed back strands of blonde hair and squinted through the windshield, struggling to keep her balance while the van squealed around a corner. "Where?"
"Behind us."
He couldn't have been more than a block back, probably driving forty miles an hour to our twenty. I stomped on the gas pedal. "Must have circled around and got behind us. Make a note."
Rhonda stared at me, mouth open. "A note?" My van slid across a strip of sand.
"Yeah, to remind me to find out more about how to tail somebody."
Our VW bumped along, scattering a gravel path. The sedan skimmed behind us, gaining fast. Rhonda hung out the window.
"Get back in here. He may start shooting."
Rhonda ducked her head inside. "Did you see a gun?"
"No, but anything's possible." I jerked the steering wheel to the left. We swerved and almost took flight across slick stones before the engine nearly stalled out. I talked nice, coaxing it, until the car shuddered, skipped, and then leapt ahead with a burst of speed.
The front grill of the sedan filled the rearview mirror. My hands tightened on the steering wheel and jerked it to the right. The black sedan caught my right rear fender, smashing it like aluminum foil, spinning the van around. 
I slammed on the brakes and we side slipped across the narrow shoulder, splaying gravel. The engine sputtered and then died. My hands shook. Rhonda sobbed beside me. I jiggled the key in the ignition and gave the dash a hard smack. “Start, will you!” 
Up ahead, a dirt road wound off toward a railroad track. No houses, no cars, no help in sight. As hard as I tried, the engine groaned, grunted and refused to turn over. Behind us the sedan made a U-turn and bore down, headed straight at my van. I watched the rear view mirror and churned the key in the ignition again, banging on the accelerator. 
The sedan plowed into my van, propelling it forward with an earthshaking BLAM. It reminded me of a train running into a solid brick wall. My forehead came within a millimeter of smashing through the windshield. Rhonda whipped forward like a stuffed doll, almost making contact with the rearview mirror.
The driver of the sedan threw it into reverse, then gunned it toward us again. The car lunched forward, slammed into the van, and pushed it toward the stone wall ahead.
Behind us the driver got out and moved around to my window. He held a gun in his hand. The last thing I saw before I passed out was the sun glinting off the gold tooth in his mouth.

Chapter 14

My brain felt like little men had been inside it, trampling everything down, leaving pain and confusion in their wake. I could barely hold my eyes open, even when a man's face came into view. It appeared huge and grotesque. I didn't know if I was dreaming, if I'd suffered a head injury, or whether the man really was there. 
If he really did exist, could he be the man with the gold tooth come to finish what he’d started? If he wasn't the man with the gold tooth, was he only a stranger stopping by to mug me? 
 I tried to keep his features in focus, but they faded, came back, then filled with static like a television station gone off the air. The lips of the man behind the glass moved, saying something I couldn’t understand. Had somebody sent me to a foreign country or another planet?
Then the words gurgled at me, like sound through water. I squinted, fighting to make out the meaning. The lips smiled and the words came out in a southern drawl. "Are you okay?" 
"Joey?" 
He smiled patiently through the window. 
No, not Joey, you clod. Pure Alabama in his voice.
"Andy?"
"Yes, Cookie, Andy Shea." The door on the driver's side of my van squeaked open. "What did you hit, a bus?"
"Black sedan." I felt my jaw, then my shoulders and hips, checking for injury. Finding none, I set a foot on the ground. It unfolded with a creak like the rusty Tin Man in The Wizard of Oz. Andy put out his hand. I took it and tried to stand. 
He put an arm around my shoulders. "Take it slow. Maybe you better sit back down and get your bearings."
I sat. "Rhonda?"
"I'll see about her." Out of the corner of my eye I saw him going to the passenger side. He came back a minute later. "She's okay. Crying, but okay."
 "Let me see her." Pain thundered in my temple and neck, and ran down my left arm. I felt like throwing up, but this time I stood. 
White shirtsleeves rolled up, he exhibited way too much handsomeness in the afternoon sun, not a hair out of place. He hadn't even lost the shine on his tasseled Gucci loafers.
"You okay?" I watched Andy's concern mount when he saw my face.
I must have looked awful. Even my hair hurt. "Help me with Rhonda."
Obliging, he put an arm around me, pulling me along. Staggering across the gravel, we moved to the fender. The kick pleat in my skirt had grown to a giant hole.
He peeked at my skirt with warmth behind his eyes. "Be glad you're okay. I'll call the police."
I grabbed his tie and yanked. “No police."
"But, Cookie." 
 I loved his voice. 
How could I be thinking about him when I'd almost died? Probably because he looked so cute. "Call me a tow truck maybe, but no police."
"Okay, you're the boss."
His hand felt warm and reassuring on my back. I staggered a few steps back to the car I tried to sound nonchalant, even though I knew I looked a wreck. "Let me see if I can drive."
 "Why not leave your van here and come with me?"
I stared up at him, grasping the obvious. "You followed us." 
"When I saw you take off from the cemetery after the sedan, I figured you were in for some trouble."
Could he be trusted? Had he seen the man with the gold tooth? I scrutinized the smooth curve of his cheek and the rugged angle of his jaw, as if they could tell me.
 "Sorry I didn’t get here sooner, I was behind you until I took a short cut and ended up on a one-way street."
Convenient timing, not quick enough to save us from a ramming, but soon enough to save our lives. "So, you didn't get a good glimpse of the men in the sedan?"
"When I pulled up, I saw his dust going east about eighty miles an hour."
"Get a license plate?"
"No, did you?"
"No. A high-speed chase, sliding across gravel, stuff like that got in the way."
"Cookie, you are one interesting woman." He smiled and his hands slid down from my shoulders and settled on my upper back, pulling me closer.
I smiled back, my mouth so near to his ear I could have kissed it. "That's one word no one has ever used to describe me."
The soundtrack of Oklahoma blared in my ears. Silhouetted against a filmy moon and sparkling stars I saw myself in a white glittering gown with an orchid in my hair, leaning toward Andy’s lips.
Rhonda moaned, stuck her head out the window. "What happened?"
I pulled out of Andy's embrace and straightened my skirt. "Van got a little banged up. Otherwise, not much. You all right?"
Rhonda sniffed and wiped a drop of blood off her chin. "I jabbed myself with my fingernail. Otherwise, I’m okay." 
The Oklahoma soundtrack screeched to a halt and I glanced back at Andy. "Help me into the van, will you? Then I can make it."
"I'm following you back."
Ignoring the pain, I folded my throbbing legs back into the car. The engine started right off, moving to a smooth hum. I patted the dash.
With Andy close behind, I waved and drove off. Even with him so near, I couldn't keep the image of the man with the gold tooth from springing up in front of me. It echoed in my mind like a bad horror movie. 
A chill rippled through me when reality really set in. The man in the sedan could have killed us both.
* * *
Andy Shea's white Mercury on our tail, I drove Rhonda back to the church. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. In one way it was comforting, in another, I wondered how he'd found us. My body ached and my head felt like someone had battered it with a hammer. I guess I must have knocked it on the window. It was a miracle I could think, let alone drive. 
Except for a rusting Mustang in the corner and a maroon convertible with a flat tire near the entrance, an empty parking lot greeted us. All the neighbors had gone back inside, probably to count the loot they'd made from renting parking spaces to mourners at Sam Falcone's funeral.
"Which car's yours?" I hoped it wasn't the one with the flat.
"The Mustang."
"Can you drive home, Rhonda?" I stopped next to her vehicle and stared at myself in the rearview mirror. My makeup had streaked and slid down my face and my pink scarf had worked its way around my neck so it resembled a hangman's noose. I swiped at my face with a tissue, undid the scarf, and threw it in the back of the van. 
Cleavage it would have to be. No time to mess with retying it.
Rhonda stumbled out of the van. She swayed and grabbed hold of the door to steady herself. "I'll take it easy. It's not far."
A splotch of blood stood out on her collar next to the ketchup stain. Tangled and ragged, her blonde hair sprouted out in all directions. She didn't have much outward damage except for the scratch on her jaw, but we'd both been through a lot. 
No way could she drive herself home. "I think you better come home with me."
"No, I'll talk to you tomorrow." She took a step and tripped.
"That's it. You're coming home with me." I felt a burst of compassion for her. Rhonda
had turned into the closest thing to my best friend. "Get in my van. I'm taking you home 
for some chicken soup."
Andy stepped out of his car. He headed toward us, a helpful glint in his eye. "You two okay?" 
Rhonda and I peered at each other and cracked up. It felt great to laugh even if my ribs throbbed. "We're fine." I bent over and roared.
"Absolutely great." Rhonda chuckled.
Andy stared at us. "Maybe you'd both better come home with me."
We broke into hysterical laughter. "Glad to know I'm such a comedian, ladies." He started to laugh himself.
We eased our battered bones into the van, said good-bye to Andy, and watched him go back to his car. He moved confidently, cleanly. A pleasure to watch.
 I couldn't help wonder if I'd see him again, and if I did whether it would be as a potential date or something else. If he had something to do with our accident, I'd be very sad. 
My vehicle started without a hitch and settled into a low rumble. At least that worked.
"Your van seems okay." Rhonda scanned the dashboard and doors.
"It's not bad. At least it runs. I know a good mechanic who can straighten the fender and do whatever else has to be done."
I smiled. Maybe things weren’t so bad. Half a block later, the engine rumble doubled and I had the sinking feeling my muffler had fallen off.


Chapter 15

Although the engine made a lot of noise, my van ran fine. No way was I planning to stop for repairs now. Rhonda needed rest and fixing after that chase and crash with the black sedan, not to mention I did, too. I pretended I set my vehicle on automatic pilot and cruised for home.
Two blocks from my house I made a left and Rhonda turned to me. "Do you think we should have told Mr. Shea more about the man with the gold tooth and maybe mentioned Rose Falcone?"
"Forgot about Rose. More important, forget about Andy Shea. I'm not sure he can be trusted. What say after we get some rest, you and me pay Rose a visit tomorrow? I'm getting worried about her. She didn't show at the funeral."
"Do you suppose something's wrong?"
I pulled into the driveway."Maybe, or maybe she's in cahoots with the man with the gold tooth." Or Andy Shea, I said to myself, but I didn't mention it to Rhonda. She had enough on her mind as it was.
* * *
"More chicken noodle soup?" I held a ladle, ready to refill Rhonda's bowl. I'm nothing if not the perfect hostess.
We sat in my kitchen in sweat suits I’d scrounged up, chewing on garlic toast and sipping soup. No matter how much I slurped, I couldn't forget what we'd been through. Why had the man with the gold tooth bashed into my van and not finished the job? Not that I wanted to die in some Godforsaken industrial park with only a shovel full of dust and a splattering of gravel to mark my end.
Maybe it had been a warning, Keep Your Big Nose Out of This. More likely the message had been, We Can Snuff You Out Anytime We Feel Like It.
I felt a thousand times better than I had after our demolition derby with the black sedan. Maybe it was just being in cozy surroundings with a friend instead of chased by men who wanted to kill us or at least do drastic damage to my van. Even Sigmund seemed glad to have us back and showed us perfect manners, wagging his tail politely while he licked his bowl clean. 
I got up from the table and hobbled to the freezer. I took a half-gallon of frozen yogurt and set it on the counter. "I feel I've earned a big bowl of this. How about you?" Rhonda's eyes resembled tiny lavender dots in her face and her head drooped on her shoulders like a punch drunk fighter. "No thanks. I'm tired." She slid off her stool and sleepwalked over to my raspberry-colored couch.
A minute later, she sprawled out, asleep. 
I smiled. "Get some rest, kiddo, tomorrow's another day."
After I’d finished off the yogurt, I made myself a note on my grocery list to get more, ditto the Milk Duds and chocolate bars. Sigmund and I took a walk around the block to digest, and then I took inventory of the clothes I’d worn that day. The Salvation Army wouldn't even want the skirt I wore anymore. The slit in the front came nearly up to my crotch, and the seam raveled off into strings like confetti. The sole on my left shoe dangled by a thread, but that could be fixed. My jacket passed muster except for a black streak that had to be oil. I dumped it all on the floor behind the hamper for further study and headed for the shower.
I stepped into the tub, turned on the water and soaped myself with strawberry moisturizing gel. The slightest movement brought on mind-grinding pain. I felt like Grandma Berelli in the middle of an arthritis attack, grumpy and stiff, ready to bite the head off anyone who crossed me.
I replaced the bottle on the ledge near the window and tried to relax. The warm water helped. It pounded down on me, washed away the dirt and grime, and soothed my sore arms, but it didn't do much for my state of mind. 
My thoughts drifted to Andy Shea. Why hadn't I told him more about the man with the gold tooth? Maybe he could have helped. 
I opened the shower curtain and stared at Sigmund. "I didn't because I was all shook up at the time." 
Sitting on the floor outside the tub, Sigmund flipped his head so that his ears flapped and gave me a "yeah, right" stare. 
"Okay, so I didn't tell him because I'm not sure I can really trust him. That excuse he gave me about being held up in traffic sounded pretty lame, don't you think?" 
Sigmund flopped his tail. 
"How is it you always make me tell the truth? You're worse than a psychoanalyst. You've got those truth-or-dare eyes like Joey. I never can lie to him, either." 
I turned the cold water on and stood under it a full minute before stepping out and examining the bruise on my leg. It had turned horrendous shades of magenta and indigo. I pulled down a towel and started to dry my leg. "Why didn't I tell Andy Shea about Rose Falcone?" 
Sigmund cocked his head to the side and lay down on the bath mat. "Same reason, I suppose." Sigmund sneezed. "Jeez, I don't know. You're the psychoanalyst."
I yanked a Minnie Mouse T-shirt over my head, stumbled into my bedroom and flopped onto the bed. I couldn't stop reliving the car chase and the way the black sedan kept ramming into us. 
Good thing Andy Shea happened by. 
Then again, that excuse about being held up in traffic really did seem pretty lame. Maybe he’d been in on it with the man with the gold tooth.
* * *
The smell of eggs scrambling in butter and the sound of fresh coffee percolating filled my kitchen. Dressed in a jade workout suit and a dotted Swiss apron, I pulled on of a pair of shocking pink polka-dotted Ms. Piggy oven mitts and grabbed the spatula. I’d let Rhonda sleep until nearly noon, figuring she could use the rest. It must have been the case because she looked a lot better. The color had returned to her face and her eyes looked fresh and dewy again.
"Where exactly does Rose Falcone live, Rhonda?" I flipped pieces of French toast,turning golden brown slices of bread over in the frying pan, while I kept an eye on the bottle of Vermont maple syrup warming in a pot of hot water.
Rhonda took down some plates from the cabinet. "Do you have a phone book? I'll find it." 
I slid a copy of the white pages across the counter.
She opened them to the F's. "There's a Rose on Center Road and one on Pebble Cork Lane. There's an R. Falcone on Waterway Street in the other direction from the cemetery."
"Copy them all down. We'll call after we eat and see which one is Sam's cousin."
I put our plates on the counter and we both dug in. We cleaned up every bite, and Rhonda even licked the maple syrup off her fork.
"More?" I asked.
"No, but I do need to go home and get something else to wear before we visit Rose."
Rhonda drowned in my white terry cloth robe she'd put on after her shower. The scratch on her jaw had taken on a bluish-red tint that clashed with the midnight blue circles under her eyes. 
She'd seen better days, but I didn't say a word about it. "I have a pair of red tights that shrunk in the dryer, and a one-size-fits-all T-shirt you can wear if you want to."
Rhonda nodded. "Sounds good."
I changed to a nectarine sweater. It came down to the thighs of my matching tights. Rhonda went into the bathroom with the red tights and a white T-shirt that read A Woman Belongs in the House...and in the Senate.
I finished dressing and headed for the kitchen. Rhonda's neat handwritten list of names and phone numbers propped against the toaster, I started to dial. A very old woman who spoke little English answered the first call. The second Rose had an answering machine. A twenty-year-old voice answered over rap music and said she'd changed her name to Rose Whitebird and now studied crystal healing. That left the Rose on Center Road.
I dialed and let it ring fifteen times, then re-dialed. When she didn't answer, I figured Rose must be out. 
When Rhonda joined me, I told her the results of my telephone survey. "We should head for Center Road. That's where we'll find her."
"I don't know, maybe we should wait." She dumped her dirty clothes into the plastic bag I held out.
"Maybe, but Rose had a scared expression in her eyes. We ought to find her soon."
Rhonda nodded and followed me down the hall. We said good-bye to Sigmund at Mrs. Kitzel’s house and made our way to the van. Halfway there, I ran back to my house to dip into my newly-purchased stash of Tootsie Rolls. I stuffed three in each pocket of my sweater and hurried out.
I crossed my fingers when I crawled into the van. It coughed and sputtered, but finally joggled to a start. We putt-putted down Jacaranda, my van backfiring in front of Moloney's Florist, before we turned onto Tamiami Trail.
Half a block down, three men in fluorescent garb and hard-hats stood next to a gaping hole in the ground. I banged the dash and brought the van to a halt. "What Sarasota County genius orders these guys to dig up a main street during the season?" 
The northern visitors would be gone soon, but for now they were out in droves,clogging up the roads. I tapped my fingers on the steering wheel. "See that guy? Watch him let the whole other line go before he even lets one of us move an inch."
Two Tootsie Rolls later, one of the workers waved us on. I stepped on the gas and spoke to Rhonda. "Keep your eyes open for two-twenty-five."
We turned onto Center and the scenery changed. Condominiums rose up, taking possession of the street, crowding out the occasional strip mall or small shop.
Next to 225 Center Road, a chiropractor offered a free consultation and a sign in an aerobics studio demanded Move It Or Lose It! A few older women in straw hats and house dresses headed in the direction of the chiropractor, leaving the fitness sanctuary deserted. 
I parked the van in front of the pink stucco condominiums where Rose Falcone lived. The sun shimmered off the red tile roofs and a fountain sprayed a beautiful pattern of water in the center of a formal garden. 
We entered a small building in front of the larger complex and stepped up to the glass-enclosed lobby with rows of mailboxes and door buzzers. I pulled Rhonda by the sleeve to the button reading R. Falcone, and leaned on the buzzer.
"Maybe we better leave." Rhonda pointed to a guard in a tiny gatehouse on the other side of the courtyard who stared in our direction. 
I frowned and brushed her arm aside. "We have legitimate business here." 
The sixtyish guard with bushy eyebrows slid off his seat outside the gatehouse and headed in our direction. His out-of-kilter walk told me he'd had a hip replacement that didn't quite take. Although he wore silver badges on his uniform and cap, he didn't look like he could defend himself, let alone a condo complex. 
He carried a clipboard in his weathered hand and his voice trembled. "Can I help you ladies?" 
I turned and smiled at him. He had a long narrow face. It was brown and deeply seamed from hours in the sun. "We’re here to see Rose Falcone."
His protruding eyes relaxed and so did his voice. "Rose? She's home. Saw her come back from the funeral home yesterday. She never goes anywhere before noon except for family business."
"Which condo?" I glanced behind us at the complex.
He glanced at his clipboard. "Twenty-two A. Second floor rear."
"Thanks." I pulled Rhonda along by the hand before she said too much.
Sitting on a stone bench, all dried and brown, huge potted plants reached up through the cracked earth of their home to find water or even a spray of mist. I found half a bottle of mineral water somebody had left standing on a ledge and doused the soil with it.
A sign for the elevator caught my eye. "This way."I motioned to Rhonda.
Stepping inside the tiny transport, we waited while it wheezed and squealed before it slowly rose to the second floor. I made a mental note to walk down. 
Rose’s apartment overlooked a parking lot and drainage ditch. Rose's home had to be in the low-cost section. I leaned on the bell. When she didn’t answer, I pounded on the door. 
"Maybe we should come back later." Rhonda fiddled with her purse.
"I don't think so. Rose acted in a pretty big hurry to tell us what she knew. She about spilled her story in front of that crowd at the viewing."
"How long can we stand out here and bang on the door?"
Before I could answer, the door to the next condo slid open an inch, then slammed shut. "You get the feeling we're being inspected through that spy hole?" I turned and advanced on 23A.
The door opened a crack again, wide enough to reveal the face of a woman with the snout of a bull terrier, and a voice to match. "Yeah?" 
"I'm looking for Rose Falcone. Have you seen her?" 
"No. She never comes out." 
"She came out day before yesterday to go to the funeral home." 
"I didn't see her." The door snapped shut. A second later, the dead bolt lock clicked into place.
I returned to my spot in front of Rose's door and eyeballed a spider making a web in the corner of the curtained window. "Maybe she's got an extra set of keys."
Rhonda looked shocked. "Isn't that illegal?" 
"Technically, it's not breaking and entering if you use a key." 
Rhonda's eyes widened. "How do you know that?" 
"I read it in a mystery, I think." I glanced at the small panes of glass in the door. "If all else fails, I could break this."
Rhonda took a step in the direction of the stairs. "If you do that, I'm leaving."
 "Okay, okay, no glass breaking." I held up a hand. "Let's see. If you were a key, where would you hide?" I reached above the door frame. No key.
"How about those flower pots?" I knelt down and felt alongside and underneath them. 
"Only one place left." I slid my hand under the green plastic welcome mat with yellow daisies on it. I picked up the brass key and inserted it in the lock.
Rhonda started to hiccup. Between jolts of released air, she managed to speak. "I don't know about going in." 
When I turned the knob, it clicked open beneath my hand and I pushed inside.
I pulled Rhonda in by the sleeve. "Come on, I'm not doing this alone."
She took a step inside, then huddled against the door, waiting.
I headed toward the living room, straining for sounds inside the condo. "Rose?" 
All quiet except for a very faint click.A desk with one cracked leg teetered against the wall. Someone had yanked out the drawers and spilled the contents onto the carpet. A rocking chair lay sideways on the floor next to an upended chest of drawers.
We continued our expedition. The click turned into a clack-clack. It came from a room down the hall. I stared at the half-open door, wondering if someone waited inside, ready to jump out at me. My heart beat halfway up my throat and a band of sweat trickled down my back. I forced my body toward the sound. 
In the corner of the bedroom, a fan rotated on its side, clicking against the rug. Two pillows hung off the bed and crumpled sheets spilled over the mattress. Papers and photographs covered most of the floor.
Something bad had happened here. I scanned the room, settling on a terrifying object.
On the floor next to the bathroom, Rose Falcone lay in a white chenille robe. A cranberry red circle of blood flowered out around her chest.

Chapter 16

Rhonda and I stood in Rose Falcone's bedroom, gawking down at her dead body. I didn't know if I could stand another death. Rhonda didn't look too healthy herself. She trembled all over and when her knees buckled, I had to snag her by the arm and deposit her on a nearby chair so she didn't fall on the floor herself.
"Is she dead?" Rhonda mumbled it three times, the last utterance accompanied by a sob. 
After what happened with Sam Falcone, I wasn't making any pronouncements, especially since my heart beat like a tom-tom and I felt pretty shaky myself.
Bathroom light lit up the mascara and rouge on Rose Falcone’s face, making her look like a circus performer. She lay on the floor by her bed, hips turned to the side. I couldn’t figure out if somebody had put her in that position or maybe she’d fallen down that way. Her hands encircled her face like she’d struggled to protect herself. Maybe she’d tried to lambaste the guy who’d done this to her. I hoped she’d put a good dent in his noggin.
I glanced behind me at Rhonda. "Call for an ambulance."
When I heard her dial, I added, "Better inform the police, too."
I bent down beside Sam Falcone's cousin and stared into her face. Half-open eyes stared back. "What did you want to tell us, Rose?" I whispered, breath coming out in ragged bursts. It hadn’t been that many days since I’d leaned over Sam Falcone’s body and it didn't get any easier.
I should have listened to Rose that day at the funeral home when she'd come up and offered to talk. I shook my head. "Now we'll never know."
Rhonda tiptoed over to me. "The police are on their way." She stared down at the body and her face turned white.
I still felt a little shaky myself, but nothing like Rhonda looked. "Take it easy, kiddo."
She gazed at me, her face tight with pain. "I keep hearing a sick little voice in my head."
I stood up and put my hand on her shoulder, hoping Rhonda wouldn’t go off the deep end. "What's the voice saying?"
"'This is your fault, Rhonda. You should have talked to her at the funeral home.'" Tears spurted out and her chest heaved.
"Here. Take this." I pulled a wrinkled hanky out of my purse and handed it to her. "Come on, don’t be so hard on yourself. Maybe we could have gotten here earlier, but that's no guarantee we could have saved Rose."
"I know." She honked into the white linen. "But look at her."
"It wasn't your fault."
Rhonda shook her head. "We waited, we followed that man with the gold tooth, we slept, we ate, we could have come sooner."
"We couldn't have stopped a cold-blooded killer."
Rhonda shook her head. "We could have called the police after the funeral. I could have talked to Denny."
"The police don't do anything until there's been a crime."
We stood in Rose Falcone's bedroom, bantering about what to do. Two bodies. Two murders. I looked at Rhona and said, "We better get out of here."
"What about the police?" She pushed back a clump of hair and heaved a big sigh.
"Hey, I'm already under investigation for embezzlement and probably a suspect for Mr. Falcone’s murder.If they question us about this, they're going to put two and two together and maybe finger me for this one, too."
"Don't worry, I'll stay here and tell them what we found."
"You sure?"
"Yes, Denny will probably show up and drive me home afterwards. If he doesn't come, I'll take a cab."
"Okay." I checked my watch. We'd been in Rose's house less than twenty minutes. Time to leave. 
The phone rang and we both jumped. I put up a restraining hand. "Don't answer it." 
"Why not?" Lines of confusion etched Rhonda's face.
"We're in the house where a murder took place." I tried to think straight but my brain felt like grape jelly. "You didn't give your name when you called the police, did you?"
"Sure, why not?" Rhonda picked up the phone and listened a moment. "We don't want any, thank you." She set the receiver down.
"Somebody’s dead here and that guy’s making a stab at selling you something? What a world. Thanks for reminding me about Denny. You'll be all right with him on your side, but I won't." 
Maybe I wouldn't be all right no matter where I went, not if the guy with the gold tooth believed Rose had spilled the beans to me.
* * *
Sirens roared outside Rose Falcone's house. I ducked out the door after saying a quick good-bye to Rhonda, leaving her to handle the police and the medics. Okay, so it wasn’t very nice, but I had my own problems. I raced to my car and roared off toward home. 
When I arrived on my street, I saw a blue Toyota in my driveway. My neighbor, Lenore, had asked if her nephew could park there, but he wasn't supposed to come until the next week. 
I parked in front of my house and slipped out of my van. For back-up, I picked up Sigmund at Mrs. Kitzel’s. Not much of a fighter, but the dog could bark with the best of them.
Halfway to the front door, the hairs on the back of my neck prickled to attention, and Sigmund’s tail flicked up behind him—sure signs something else had gone wrong. I fingered the bottle of hot sauce spray in my purse while Sigmund let out a soft growl.
I turned the key in the lock and felt my legs go weak. Go inside, nothing to worry about. Barge right in, take charge and finish off the frozen chocolate yogurt and half the stash of candy. 
The door swung open with a creak. The clanking of metal mixed with a sizzling sound and the smell of garlic. Somebody had taken over my house. 
 Only one person was crazy enough to be in my kitchen uninvited. 
"Joey?"
My brother's smiling face bobbed around the corner and Sigmund barked a welcome. "Hey, Sis. Just in time for my especiality, polpette and spaghett!"
"Scootch! Are you nuts? I could have shot you!" Sigmund wagged his tail and ran over to lick his shoes. 
Joey kissed my cheek. He looked awfully dressed up in a yellow polo shirt and black slacks, but I didn't give him a hard time about it. Especially when he bent down and scratched Sigmund behind the ears. "Good dog."
"Don’t try to make up. I could have hurt you." I spoke with as much gusto as I could muster after the scene in Rose Falcone's house.
Joey sneered at me. "You don't even have a gun." He tossed half a loaf of Italian bread at me and I had to strain to catch it before it hit the floor.
Another face peered around the corner. 
"Andy?" My heart pounded and I felt silly. He'd heard me yelling at my brother and it hadn’t been pretty.
I'd been on an emotional merry-go-round since I'd found Sam Falcone. At that moment, I had about as much control over which one of my many feelings would pop to the surface next as I did over the fact that two uninvited men inhabited my house. Despite my mixed emotions, I followed my brother and Andy Shea into the kitchen.
Once inside, I gawked at Andy. The gorgeous guy took the loaf of bread from my hands and started buttering it.He looked so suave and handsome in my red barbecue apron. His light blue button-down Oxford shirt brought out the blue in his eyes, while his pressed navy blue slacks showed off some of his other positive qualities. I didn’t care that he'd swiped my apron, but I did hope Joey hadn't run off at the mouth and told him about our many silly childhood adventures. While in one way I was glad they were there, I couldn't get the images of Rose Falcone out of my mind.
Andy smiled at me while I took in the freshly-shaven angle of his jaw, and the energetic gleam in his eyes. Despite my joy at seeing him, I still didn't completely trust him, so I threw in a little third degree stuff. "What are you doing here and how come I didn't see your car?"
He shrugged and rolled the garlic bread into a sheet of aluminum foil and whisked it into the oven. "I came to see you. Joey let me in. The car in the driveway's mine."
I glanced at my brother. "Okay, what are you doing here?"
"I figured you needed a good home cooked meal and some company."
"I do." I peered at Andy. "That car in the driveway isn't yours. You have a white car."
"Right you are. Mine's in the shop and I'm using a rental." His smile broadened. "Your brother's quite a guy, knows all about fishing and tap dancing."
I glared at Joey, convinced he'd made me out to be a loony. But even then, I couldn’t stay mad at him. "You turn up, break into my house, and end up in my kitchen. What is this?" 
"Aren't I great?" My brother dipped tiny balls of chopped meat into parmesan cheese and pine nuts.
I couldn’t help laughing. When I turned and stared into Andy's eyes, I felt his warmth, and his voice carried just the right amount of concern. "Bad day?"
"The worst."
I’d die before I let Andy see me cry, although that's just what I felt like doing at that moment.Bad enough he'd seen me after the funeral with a rat's nest hairdo and my face swollen like I'd been in a barroom brawl. I squared my shoulders and tried to keep my feelings in check. "What are you cooking?" 
He turned up the burner under a huge pot of water, then grabbed two cellophane packages and held them up. "Capellini." 
 Joey'd pulled my orange Kiss the Cook apron over his yellow polo shirt, took the cover off a copper-bottom pot and stirred tomato sauce. The kitchen filled with smells of cooking meat, garlic, and spices that made my mouth water. I straightened my sweater and fluffed my hair, hoping I’d remembered to comb it that day.
Two men in my kitchen and both of them knew how to cook. It couldn’t get better than that. On a normal day, I would have been pleased as punch, but at that moment, after what I'd been through, I saw red.
My brother turned and glanced at me. "You want to tell us what's bugging you?"
"Very astute, genius. I'll tell you what's bugging me. I spend my day wiping up dead bodies, and you're cooking meatballs." 
"Whoa, girl." Joey stared me down.
"Dead bodies?" Andy rushed back from setting the table.
***
Blood Red Spaghetti Sauce with Bad Boy Meatballs
Ingredients:
1 can of plain artichoke hearts
minced fresh garlic or garlic powder
fresh basil, oregano, parsley, and rosemary
enough tomato puree, canned tomatoes, and tomato paste to nearly fill your pot
burgundy wine to taste
Directions:
Coat bottom of large pot with olive oil and throw in spices and cook on low heat until garlic starts to brown. Add 1-2 cans of artichoke hearts and simmer. Add a large can of tomatoes in puree and large can or two of puree and 1-2 cans of tomato paste, and a glass or so of burgundy wine. Cover and simmer on low heat for 30-60 minutes. Stir every twenty minutes and taste and see if it needs more spices. Use artichoke water if too thick.
While tomato sauce is cooking, make meatballs and boil pasta.
1 pound chopped beef, lamb, pork, or turkey (or mixtures thereof)
chopped garlic or garlic powder (use as much as you want—It’s your love life!)
Italian bread crumbs
fresh chopped parsley
1-2 handfuls of raisins
pine nuts, and salt and pepper to taste
1-4 eggs (enough to hold the crumbs and meat together
Put all ingredients in a large bowl and mix with hands and form mixture into small meatballs. Fry in pan with olive oil. Turn frequently. Serve balls and sauce over pasta.
***
"All right, let me correct that. Body, singular. I just found the cousin of my PI dead in her bedroom. I'm not used to finding bodies in bedrooms or anywhere else and this is my second one this week." I massaged my temples, hoping it would clear my head of all the deadwood bouncing around in it.
 Joey gave a long low whistle. "You okay?"
"Not really. It was quite a shock." My brother came over to me, put his arm around my shoulder and gave me a squeeze.
"Rose Falcone?" Andy pushed his lower lip forward.
"Yes." I stared at him, wondering how he knew Rose. Could he have been in on her demise?
"Met her at the funeral."
I raised a questioning eyebrow at him and spoke with an accusatory tone. "Sam must have a lot of cousins."
"Wish you would have told me you were planning to go there. Maybe I could have helped." Andy's voice filled with even more concern, and that made him seem even more sexy. My anger quotient dropped to almost nonexistent while I waited to hear what he was going to say next. 
Turned out to be the very words that explained how he'd guessed the victim had been Rose. "I overheard her talking to you yesterday. Sorry I didn't guess then there might be trouble."
I peered at him apologetically, noticing how thoughtful he was. Sexy and thoughtful, a dynamite combination. This guy had me coming and going. One minute I heard wedding bells and the next I suspected him of murder. 
"Was it bloody?" Joey let go of me and returned to the stove.
"I talk about murder and he wants to know about blood." I sighed and rolled my eyes in Andy's direction.
Joey called out above the rattle of pan covers. "Sorry."
I pushed back an errant clump of hair. "When I saw her lying on the floor like that, I kind of lost it."
Joey dipped a fork into the boiling water and grabbed a strand of pasta to taste. "Al dente. The only way to go."
"Do you know who did poor Rose in?" Joey dumped the pot of steaming spaghetti into a strainer. Water spurted over the sides and sloshed down the sink. 
I reached into the pot, grabbed a strand of spaghetti and held it out for the dog. He took it in his mouth and dragged it to the bedroom. "I guess we'll be dining without Sigmund." 
I tasted another strand of spaghetti before I addressed Joey again. "I've got a hunch who killed Rose, but no real evidence."
Joey shrugged. "That's better than nothing. Take out the garlic bread, will you, Andy?"
The PI put on black oven mitts and dumped the bread into a wicker basket.
Red napkins, a bottle of burgundy, wine glasses, silverware and a setting of my great-grandma's dishes I'd lost covered the butcher block table. "Where did you find them?" I stared at the hand-painted roses on the gold-trimmed china.
"Wrapped in newspaper and packed in a box in the back of your closet behind a tennis racket." Joey chuckled. 
Andy filled his plate with spaghetti and added two meatballs. Onto my plate went a pile of pasta, half a dozen meatballs, and extra sauce on both. I managed to balance 
the end of the loaf of garlic bread on top and make it to the table without spilling anything.
Joey joined us, pulling a bowl of salad out of the refrigerator on his way. At the table, Andy’d already poured the wine. "To success," he said and we clinked glasses. 
"Success." I mumbled the word, only half-believing I’d ever get out of the mess I’d found myself in.
We talked about Andy’s three sisters awhile. Miraculously, I forgot about Rose Falcone for a few minutes while I measured a place for Andy in my life.
Joey passed me the salad bowl and I piled marinated arrugala and escarole on my plate. "I've only got two clues, guys. One is a key. I can probably find out where that goes." 
"And the other?" Andy dipped a piece of garlic bread in his sauce.
"The intials L.F."Our eyes locked and I hoped Joey wasn’t watching.
"I knew a Lonny Fedora once, but he stole some gold watches from Johnny Bangles and had to leave the country." Joey dipped his fork into salad.
I broke a chunk of garlic bread in half. "Exactly. You know every two-bit criminal in Sarasota County and half of Charlotte. My bet is L.F. is some smalltime hood. Maybe somebody Sam Falcone hired to help him with a case."
"Or maybe somebody blackmailing him." Joey poured more wine and took a sip.
"Or, maybe a client." Andy bit into a crust of garlic bread and shook his head in appreciation.
I stared at both of them. "How am I going to find out which?"
"Did you check in the phone book?" Andy gave me a smile that broadcast his perfect teeth.
I stopped my fork midway to my mouth. "For what? Their initials?"
Joey put up his hand. "Hey, hey, I think Andy's on to something. Did you check under the F's?"
I dropped my fork on my plate. "There have to be hundreds, maybe thousands."
"Not really. Venice is tiny." Joey grabbed the bowl of spaghetti and piled some on his plate before passing it along.
"But maybe L.F. doesn't live here." I scowled and took more pasta.
Andy smiled and put his hand on top of mine.
His fingers fit perfectly. I felt a tingle start in my hands. 
"You got me there," he said. 
I relaxed into my chair. Against my better judgment, the wine, the good food, and the company of two handsome men slowly mellowed me.
It felt good. Familiar. 
It scared the dickens out of me.
It also made me remember I had a date at Xeldorf Chemicals. Still, Andy's hand felt warm and friendly. Jeez, don't get all sappy and fall in love with the guy. Don't you have enough trouble already?
I bolted out of my chair and opened the phone book. "Here's a Laura Folster."
Joey smiled. "Good, write down all the L.F.'s, then by a process of elimination you’ll know which one."
"What if L.F.'s got an unlisted number?"
"That could be a problem." He gave Andy a pleading glance. "Help me out here."
Andy set his fork down. "Let's assume he or she doesn't."
"Fair enough," Joey said. "Don't cross bridges until we get there."
"Thanks guys, now will you finish your dinner and let me get down to business?"
"Nice, real nice." Joey wiped up the last of his sauce with garlic bread. "Here I planned to make you zabaglione for dessert."
"You better if you know what's good for you." I jumped up from my chair and grabbed him around the neck. Next to sun buckles, zabaglione topped my list of all-time favorites especially the way Joey made it, heavy on the wine.
"What can I do?" Joey shrugged and smiled at Andy. "She can take me nine out of ten times arm wrestling." He stood up and started to clear the table.
I picked up a glass and tried to forget about Xeldorf Chemicals, but I couldn't. I had to find out who had killed Sam and Rose Falcone. Andy washed the dishes while I dried them. Joey busied himself whipping egg yolks, honey and Madeira wine into a frothy delight.
I sat between the two men at the counter, eating spoonfuls of the sweet dessert, licking my spoon and wishing for more. Later, we ate crunchy anise cookies and drank cups of expresso.
I didn't tell either of them about my plan for Xeldorf Chemical, my trump card, the one bit of information only Rhonda knew. Not even Joey would be privy to my find until I'd checked it out. I glanced at my watch. "My gosh it's late."
"You were always a night owl." With a flourish of his towel, Joey dried his zabaglione pot.
"Had a few rough days and tonight, I need some sleep. I'll do the rest of the dishes." I set my glass in the sink.
Andy said good night and left. Joey glanced at me. "Now, there's a guy you should get serious about. Forget about that Tony Zuppa, you can't count on him."
"What makes you think I can count on Andy?"
"Intuition." Joey gave me a bear hug. 
I kissed him on the cheek. "Take care, and don't forget to ask around about L.F."
"I won't and you start going through that phone book."
He closed the door behind him and I went into the bedroom, feeling only a slight twinge of regret that I hadn't walked Andy to his car. I called Rhonda to make sure she was all right, but didn’t get an answer. Because I was nearly out of candy stash, I went back into the kitchen and made a batch of fudge. 
Feeling really exhausted by then, I lay down on my bed for a few minutes and fell asleep. When I woke up, it was nearly time to go.
"What does the well-dressed thief wear, Siggie?" I asked my pooch. "Old blue jeans, brown leather hiking boots, plaid shirt, and a vest ought to do it." I stepped into my disguise and shoved clumps of hair up under a baseball cap before going into the bathroom to wash my makeup off.
"It's Thursday and it's almost midnight. Lead me to those Xeldorf trucks." I used my best Edward G. Robinson voice and Sigmund woofed his approval.
A quick phone call to Rhonda with directions of where to meet, and I grabbed a couple of squares of fudge, and hurried Sigmund to his backyard rest room. 
Mrs. Kitzel’s lights burned brightly. She sometimes had trouble getting to sleep. When I knocked on her door with Siggie in tow, she looked surprised, but pleased. "Come in, Sigmund. You can help me eat the rest of the popcorn I made." Just before the door closed in my face, I heard her say, "You do like Joan Crawford movies, don't you?"
Halfway to the site, I started to wonder if I’d taken on more than I could handle. A square of fudge revived me and convinced me I could deal with whatever came my way that evening. 
My sugar high left me about halfway to my destination, replaced by a downer. I wanted to turn back so I took out another square of fudge and fought off my doubts. This thing had to be solved before someone else died, and Xeldorf Chemicals was the place to start.
* * *
When I pulled up to Rhonda's curb, she ran down the porch steps of her apartment. "Come on, let's go!" I motioned to her to get into the car. 
Rhonda's green miniskirt hiked halfway up her thighs above black clunky high-heels. Not exactly an advertisement for trucking riding. She looked more like she was going to a club.
Rhonda said something, but I couldn’t hear it.
"What was that?" I turned off the motor and rolled down the window.
Rhonda lowered her voice and leaned in the open passenger window. "I can't go. I'm on my way to the nursing home."
"Your mother's worse?" I squinted up at her. Was she lying? Impossible to tell. 
 Tension carved deep lines around Rhonda's eyes. "I can't get a straight answer. I hope she hasn’t had a stroke."

Chapter 17

Parked outside Rhonda's house and hearing her news that something had happened to her mother, shook me. It bothered me that her mother might be ill, but it bothered me more that her news meant I'd be making the Xeldorf trucking run on my own. 
I peered at her, still trying to determine if she’d told me a fib.
An instant later, I felt like a real doofus. I leaned back against the head rest of my van and felt a glimmer of guilt flit through me for even doubting her. "Does she have heart trouble?"
Rhonda stood on the curb, head still in the open passenger window of my vehicle. Worry edged her lavender eyes like bars. "I'm not sure. You know how they do, won't tell you a thing, ask you to speak to the doctor."
"Want me to come with you to the nursing home?"
"No. You go to Xeldorf's." Rhonda removed her head from the window opening and stepped back, hugging her bare arms.
"You sure?" I stared at my friend and almost weakened, but the Xeldorf trucks awaited.
"Yes."
I twisted the key in the ignition. "Okay, if you're sure. Call you later."
Pulling away from the curb I saw Rhonda wave her arms at me. "Don't go! I thought of something."
I slammed on the brakes. "What?"
Rhonda's head ducked back in the window. "You can't go there and get in a truck."
"Why not?"
"Because. How many trucks are there?"
I rubbed the knee I’d slammed into the dashboard during that quick stop. "Ten, I think."
"Then, won't there be ten drivers there?"
"You're right. Maybe I could hit one of them over the head with a wrench."
"No violence. You said there wouldn't be any violence."
"Okay, no violence."
"Then what will you do?"
"I'll call up Gene and tell him his truck broke down."
"Will he believe you?"
"Should. He knows me and thinks I'm an inspector. My word carries weight." 
"All right. Sounds like you have a plan." She jerked her head out of the window. "Got to go. See you later."
I waited until Rhonda got in her car and drove away, then I made a U-turn, and headed back to the red light. My phone must have been thrown clear in our crash with the black sedan, at least I couldn't find it. That meant I had to depend on public communication. I pulled into Cassorti's All Night Gas Station and Sandwich Stop and left the motor running while I hurried inside.
A woman wearing a red bandana and a white strapless dress with purple stains on the skirt hollered into the phone. "I will not come home, Herm2an. You said you were going to stop drinking and you're drunk as a skunk. Throw that bottle of gin in the garbage and meet me at the Church of the Divine Healer if you're serious about this. Reverend Haycringle said he'll stay up and pray with us all night."
I reached in my pocket and retrieved the rest of the fudge I'd started on the way to Rhonda's. It'd been a long time since I'd had to stand in line to make a call. I chewed and listened to the woman shout at her drunken husband.
"Come on, lady," I mouthed. "I haven't got all night." 
Five minutes later, the woman slammed the phone down, and banged her way to the counter. "Men. That sucker's asking for it. If he doesn't show up at the church, maybe I should call the police and have him hauled into jail. I swear, every full moon he does something really stupid."
I stared up in the sky, taking a quick check to see if the woman was right. Full moons did bring out crazy behavior. My Uncle Sam once put on fake wings and tried to fly from the top of his roof the night of one full moon. Claimed the pull on the tides would keep him afloat. He broke a couple of bones and never tried it again.
Picking up the white pages, I hoped I wasn’t about to do something really stupid as a result of the moon. Grease had darkened and curled the edges of the phone book. Someone with very oily fingers had gone through them and systematically ripped out the E's through the G's. Lucky the K's were intact and Gene Kazorky listed his number.
I dialed and waited through eight rings, hoping he hadn't gone to work already. "Yep," the voice said. Had to be Gene.
I dropped my voice an octave. "This is Sondheim."
"Sondheim?" He paused, cracking his gum as he tried to place the name. "Oh, Sondheim. How's the inspecting business?"
"Fine, fine. I'm calling to tell you your truck is out of commission tonight. Mr. Weinstein says take the night off."
"He did? Mr. Weinstein said that?"
"He sure did."
"Hey, that's great. The Padres are playing a home game tonight and I was going to tape it on my VCR, but I can't figure out how to do it."
"Now, you don't have to."
"Thanks, Sondheim. I owe you one."
I hung up and headed for Xeldorf Chemicals. By my calculations, I had just enough time to get there before the big rigs pulled out.
Ten minutes later I stopped half a block down from Xeldorf Chemicals. The trucks waited in back. I glanced at my watch. Quarter to twelve. 
The moon shone down on the gray shingled roof, illuminating the empty flag pole. A couple of men in baggy jeans and jackets plodded toward the building.
I got out of my car, pulled the brim of my hat down and followed, walking the way they did. I caught up with them outside the office.
A guard in a blue security uniform shouted at a tall man in a black leather vest, jeans, and black boots. The guy had a day's growth of stubble on his jaw and his greasy brown hair hung down to his shoulders.
The security guard spoke in a brash voice. "I'm telling you, I don't care who told you to drive Riveria's truck, you gotta have a signed release form."
The man in the black leather jacket stepped forward, hand in a tight fist. He could have taken a swing at the guard, but he hit his other hand instead. He turned and left, stomping back toward his car. 
"Release form." I mumbled to myself, wondering where I could get one.
The security guard eyed me. "Where you going?"
"Gotta get my release form." I pointed toward the office. "It's right in there. Be right back."
The door swung open with a low-pitched creak that made my teeth hurt. At night, the office felt more cluttered. One row of fluorescent lights flickered and sizzled when I stepped out of their beam.
The smell of pesticides, lawn chemicals, and a few other rank smells hung in the air. A dusty fan on the counter made distress sounds and put out very little breeze.
Sid de la Renta, the clerk who had been behind the counter the other day had been replaced by a thirty-something redhead with gray roots. She perched on a high stool by the counter, keeping an eye on me while she picked at the Band-Aid on her left thumb. Too-tight brown slacks clung to her legs like maple syrup. Her white blouse needed a quart of bleach, and the navy cardigan she wore bagged at the waist. The name tag on her sweater read Brenda Randall.
A talk radio station squawked in the corner, angry and loud. "Listen to that guy."She jerked her injured thumb in the direction of the man’s voice. "Hate and violence, that's all you hear these days. Wouldn't it be nice if everybody could get along for a change?" 
Brenda didn't wait for my answer. Instead, she picked up a creased piece of paper and dropped it behind her in the wire basket labeled OUT. She took out a giant economy-sized bottle of aspirins and slid two into her mouth. She washed them down with half a bottle of soda, then covered her mouth for a tiny belch.
"This place gives me a headache, but what can I do you for, honey?" She moved her stool closer to the counter and stared at me.
Using my deepest voice, I answered her. "I'm Sondheim, truck inspector. I need you to check some records for me." 
The clerk's eyes lit up. "So, you're the new inspector. I heard you were here, but this is the first I've seen of you. Where you been? Mr. Weinstein's been asking for you."
"I've been around." I avoided Brenda's eyes, hoping Mr. Weinstein wasn't around tonight. "Can you check into some replacement forms for me. I got a tip that Gene Kazorky asked someone to drive for him a couple of nights ago and never got a replacement form filled out."
"I don't think so. To do that, he would have had to talk to me or Sidney de la Renta. I don't remember filing anything like that and if Sidney had, he would have left me a note."
"Maybe he got busy in his design business."
She gave me a dopey look. "Huh?"
"De la Renta. You know, fashion design." 
She didn’t have a clue what I was talking about. "Never mind, Brenda, bad joke. Look in the file for me in case Sidney forgot, okay?"
"Sure, back in a minute, they're in the cabinet in the other room." Brenda slid off her stool and left the room.
With the clerk gone, I stepped behind the counter and opened every drawer I could find, looking for replacement forms. "All right!" I opened the seventh drawer and found what I needed.
"You okay?" Brenda called from the other room.
"I'm fine, that guy on the radio just got what's coming to him. Somebody called up and told him off good."
"Great. I found one form, it'll be a second before I find the others."
I ducked back in front of the counter, stuffing the blank form into my pocket.
Brenda came barreling around the corner a minute later. "There you are." She slapped down a replacement form on the counter. "None for Gene, but I found three for his buddy, Reuter. That guy hasn't finished a run for a month. Should I report him to Mr. Weinstein?"
"Do what you think is best. I trust your judgment." I grabbed the three completed forms from Brenda's hand, hurried out the door, and ran down the hall, dodging inside the rest room. In one of the cubicles, I knelt on the toilet seat and used the top to write on, putting the completed form under the blank one and tracing over the rubber-stamped signature of Max Zeldorf. 
A minute later, I stood next to the security guard. "Here's the form. Sorry, I forgot it."
He shined his flashlight on the document, then on me, then back on the paper again. "Okay, you're all set." He glanced at his watch. "Almost midnight. You better get in your truck."
"Which one's mine?" I grabbed the form he handed me and stuffed it in my pocket.
He examined a clipboard. "You're up first, so you better head out."
First? I had no idea where to go. I wasn't even sure I could get the truck started. Confidence drained out of me like fluid out of a cut brake line.
The man handed me a map. "Here's your route, follow this and you won't have any problems."
I didn’t believe him, but I grabbed the sheet of instructions anyway and hurried off. The closer I got to the garage, the more I realized that on my list of Things I Least Wanted To Do Today, driving a Xeldorf Chemicals truck ran a close second to hitting my finger with a hammer.

Chapter 18

Butterflies building in my stomach, I cut around the side of the Xeldorf Chemicals complex, heading for the truck I'd been assigned to drive. What if someone discovered who I really was? I had no plan for what to do if that happened. I had to pray it didn't.
Unshaven men in jeans and plaid shirts stood around their trucks talking, laughing and telling gross jokes. Some drank coffee out of Styrofoam cups and smoked smelly cigarettes. 
"Did you hear the one about the blonde and the monkey?" A burly man in a Yankees cap and soiled gray sweatshirt said in a loud voice, grinning at the others. 
Not wanting to hear the punch line on that one or give away my identity, I moved along. Ahead, trucks idled in the gravel, all in a line, blue exhaust fumes billowing out of their tailpipes. 
Great environmental protection plan. 
The overhang beckoned to me. I'd hide out under it just until I got my bearings. Once I reached my destination, I shook so bad I didn't know if I was going to make it. While I tried to calm down, I forced myself not to cough at the smell. The rest of the drivers paid no attention to me or the fumes. They were too busy telling stories. I yanked my cap down over my eyes so no one could see my face. 
So far, so good. 
Down the row, a man in blue coveralls and a beard slouched over a clipboard. His skin reminded me of brown nut, like he’d spent too much time in the sun. He came toward me, his right leg moving like hard taffy in a walking cast. Bifocals drooped on the end of his nose. He stared down at a sheet of paper. "Where's Kazorsky? Anybody seen him?" 
Pure Newark.
A stocky driver in blue wash pants and a green plaid shirt leaned forward. "Yeah, where is Kazorsky?" I ducked my head and proceeded along.
The man in coveralls motioned to a couple of men huddled under the overhang on the other side of the lot. "Come on, we can't wait for some goof ball to show up." He pointed to the men with his index finger. "You two go first." They stopped their talk and stared at him.
"Now, not next year." The supervisor’s voice turned mean.
They dumped the rest of their coffee onto the ground, took their time stamping out their cigarettes. Slowly, as if to challenge his authority, they stepped up into their trucks.
Pulling on a pair of gloves, in case anybody was tricky enough to check for my fingerprints, I rushed up to the first truck. That baby had the heaviest tread tires I’d ever seen. I prayed my uncle’s advice about trucks didn’t fail me and I crawled up into the cab. 
I repeated what my Uncle Anthony, who owned a fleet of garbage trucks, used to say.
"Trucks are like cars only with more gears."
I blew a clump of hair out of my face. Sure, Uncle Ant, die and leave me in this predicament.
The cab smelled like the inside of the gym after a basketball game. Two suction cup holders propped up half-finished sodas on the dashboard. Cigarette butts and gum wrappers cluttered the ashtray. Yesterday's newspaper and a rumpled Playboy lay on the floor on the passenger side.
I leaned down, picked up the magazine and threw it behind the seat. I know. You buy it to read the articles, fella.
The man in coveralls started toward me, jaw tight with determination. "Hold on!"
Sliding down in my seat, I flipped a mental coin about whether I should gun it out of there or wait for the inevitable. Deciding against both, I stuffed the replacement form in my hand and hung it out the window for him to take.
He squinted at it, and then nodded. "Okay, you're up next. Make sure you follow the directions and go to the right place. One of the subs went to the city dump last time and Mr. Xeldorf wasn't too pleased. Can't have that, can we?" He winked and handed me back the signed release form and a map.
My body started flooding with adrenaline and I tried to think straight. The guy behind me leaned on his horn, wanting me to do something. What I did was yell out the window. "Hold your horses, buster, I'm going as fast as I can." 
A quick glance at the map showed me a fluorescent yellow line straight to my destination. Somehow I got the truck started. The darn thing rumbled and shook, but it felt ready to go. I released the brake, set the truck in low gear, rammed my foot on the accelerator and roared forward. 
One hurdle crossed. I congratulated myself that I hadn't put it in reverse and knocked out half of Xeldorf's trucks. 
My tires spewed stones and rubble behind me when the truck lurched out of the driveway. A dark figure loomed up on my left, coming closer. In the dark, I squinted to identify it and my truck wobbled to the left and nearly pinned him against the building. I shoved the wheel to the right and peered in my rearview mirror. 
Missed him. I breathed a sigh of relief. 
The figure elongated, broadened and took shape, showing me two arms, two legs, a head and a body. Whoever it was nearly caught up to me. He shouted something, but I couldn't hear the words above the roar of my engine.
I shouted out my window. "What do you want, fella? I don't have enough trouble handling this big rig without you?"
He ran alongside me, shouting a lot louder this time. "Stop!" 
"All right, all right." I shouted back, wondering if I'd taken the wrong truck after all.
I braked hard and screeched to a halt. The vehicles behind squealed as their drivers tried to stop. I froze and waited for the crash. Instead, the truck behind me wobbled to within an inch shy of my fender, then pulled around me, gears grinding, heading out.
"See that, mister." I glanced down at the man standing on the ground and pointed to the trucks that had rolled up behind me. "You almost created a pileup. Watch it."
"Sorry." His voice filled with apology and he held up a badge. "EPA. Need to ride along with you."
While I chatted with the man, a caravan of trucks pulled around me and headed out. An EPA inspector was not going to spoil my investigation. I gave him a side long glance. This guy couldn't even get to the right place at the right time. Still, no sense taking a chance. "I'm filling in for Kazorsky. Better ride with the next truck." I pulled away before he could climb aboard.
In the rearview mirror, I caught a glimpse of his face carved by shadows and the red reflectors on the back of my truck. He shouted, the veins in his forehead standing out. Tight, cold anger spread out on his face, making me glad I was in a huge truck speeding away from him.
I rounded the corner in time to see a pair of tail lights from the truck ahead blaze back at me. The sound of my heavy duty engine roared in my ears as I shifted gears to catch up. I could see why men liked this feeling, the power of the world at your fingertips.
So, the EPA was on the case. Wasn't that nice? But only one inspector. He couldn't check up on all the trucks.
Heading out of the industrial complex, I sped away, wind shrieking through the trees.My lips worked in a prayer to the tune ofthe gravel pinging and clinking off the wheels. I developed a mantra. "Please. Don't let the tires blow."
I swerved around the corner under the building overhang, nearly taking the second floor with me. Uncle Ant had taught me the one important thing I’d forgotten. Trucks are a whole lot higher than cars.
Shifting gears, I picked up speed on the straight-away, following the truck ahead. He led me onto a strip of highway, and then onto another local road. We passed only light traffic, most of it giving way to the larger trucks. Although a car or two passed us, no one dared to get in between.
When the truck I followed turned, so did I. We took a two-lane blacktop road that sloped up into the bush and turned into a dirt track. The driver ahead flicked the headlights from low to high beam, probably because he knew he wouldn't meet anyone else on this stretch.
Pines overhead dipped so low they scraped the truck roof.The rig bounced and jolted over the rutted dirt track. The road evened out and I settled back in the seat, finally getting the hang of driving. 
The truck ahead slowed to a stop. About fifty yards back, I pulled over behind a boulder, switched off the engine and lights, and watched. The moonlight etched a sheen around the driver. He got out, walked around his truck and opened a valve. Dark liquid ran out onto the ground and down the gully. Black poison heading for somebody's sewer.
No question about it, Xeldorf Chemicals dumped illegally. But what did that have to do with two murders? 
Maybe Sam Falcone found out and planned to blow the whistle on them, or threatened to. They couldn't have that, so they snuffed him. 
That left Rose Falcone. Maybe Sam spilled the information to his cousin and the man with the gold tooth found out and killed her. How he could have known about Rose wasn't clear, but that didn't mean it didn't happen. The explanation didn't exactly fit, but who knew what kind of relationship the two Falcones had? Stranger things had happened. My relatives were testimony to that.
The fumes from whatever the guy dumped filled my cab, so I closed the window and leaned back into the seat. The pieces of the puzzle bounced around inside my head.
In the moon-painted darkness of the truck, it all started to make sense. The murders must have to do with covering up a payoff of some kind. Dumping toxic chemicals legally cost money. A whole lot of money. You had to pay to put it somewhere. You couldn't let that poison run into a place where it might start a huge fire or contaminate drinking water. If you did it illegally, you saved money, even if you had to pay off a minor official or private investigator here or there.
Pay off, and then dump it anywhere. But why would Xeldorf Chemicals sink so low? Maybe financial trouble. Maybe greed. They didn't want to go through legal channels if it meant losing big bucks.
Did the bigwigs at Xeldorf ever stop to think about what they were doing or were they too greedy or too stupid? Those chemicals went into their drinking water, too. By short-circuiting the process and dumping chemicals in the hillsides, that poison found its way back to the cities and towns of Sarasota County.
That made me mad. It had to stop. No way would I dump a truckload of lethal chemicals and add to the problem. At that moment, I knew exactly what I had to do.
* * *
I watched the other Xeldorf Chemicals truck driver dump his load next to a small oak tree in the flats outside Venice. I would have liked to have stopped him, but I couldn't figure a way. Finished, he started his engine, turned his rig around and passed me on the way out. His headlights blinded me for an instant before he roared by.
The sound of his motor disappeared into the night, leaving only the chirp of crickets. I removed one of the half-filled soda bottles from the clutches of its dashboard holder and stepped down. A cloud covered the moon, giving the gravel path an eerie half-light. 
I dumped the remaining soda on the ground. The spigot glimmered up at me from the back of the truck. I pushed it open slightly, allowing a stream of dark liquid to fill the bottle. The stuff smelled foul and had to be lethal. Mission accomplished, I closed the spigot, replaced the cover on the bottle, and got in the truck.
Heading back toward Xeldorf Chemicals, I tried to figure out Sam Falcone's connection to the illegal dumping, but nothing came to mind. Maybe they’d tried to pay him off and he didn’t go for it. 
Pulling into the truck compound, I counted three trucks that had come back. The rest were still out, no doubt dumping their waste somewhere.
I opened the truck door and got out, leaving the keys in the ignition, and stuffing the soda bottle in the pocket of my vest. Up ahead, a driver stood by his cab, smoking. A real genius. Between the fumes from the trucks and his lit cigarette, he could blow up half the county. 
I hurried toward the exit behind a couple of men entering the locker room. Ducking through a door, I emerged in the hallway outside the administrative office. No sign of my pal, Brenda Randall, the administrative clerk I'd stolen the blank release form from.
My boots slogged across the tile floor. Only a few more minutes and I'd be safe. Out the door, van in view, my feet ground across the gravel. 
Crunches echoed in the ear.
Somebody was following me. 
Keep walking. Don't turn around.
The flashlight caught the side of my neck, then moved down, painting me in its beam. I took off on the run.
The light followed. 
Almost there, my lungs bursting and heart pounding, the flash of light stood still, flooding over the back window of my van. Jiggling the key in the lock, I fought to get inside. The door popped open, nearly knocking me to the ground.
A deep male voice caught my attention. "Hey, you!" 
I ignored it, jumped into the van, and jammed the key into the ignition. A new prayer passed my lips. "Please turn over." I banged my foot on the accelerator. The engine roared to a start, then sputtered out.
The flashlight beam moved around the back of my van to the window. "You deaf?"
Caught, I turned my head and smiled. "Good evening, sir."
A bear of a man with biceps like side tables stared back at me. When he stuck his grizzled face in my window, I gulped. 
He stared at me, his eyebrows so bushy I could barely see the penetrating dark irises below. His words started me shaking. 
"You’re in trouble."

Chapter 19

Flashlight shining in my eyes, a tight ball of leftover Life Saver twisted in my stomach. What kind of trouble was I in now? Couldn't I stay out of harm's way for a day? 
I ducked my head, trying to get out of the beam. No such luck. While I waited in my van for the inevitable, I lifted my eyes heavenward, praying the security guard at Xeldorf Chemicals would go away. 
He didn’t. 
I could barely make out his burly form, but I could smell him, a revolting mix of cigars and jelly donuts with an after-burn of coffee. My worries expanded to the size of a giant wave off Manasota Beach. Did he have a gun and would he use it on me?
He wanted me to sweat for some reason. Maybe he knew I'd forged a release form. Maybe he’d come after me because I'd taken a Xeldorf truck out without authorization. 
The worst of the three, the one I desperately did not want to think about, because it might mean the end of life as I knew it, stirred in my brain. He must know I'd found out about the illegal dumping. That could mean curtains for me.
Finally, he spoke, using a high voltage voice. "I could write you a citation, you know."
I held my breath. A citation, that wasn't too bad, unless it meant some kind of fine plus a prison sentence.
"I'm not going to do that, not this time."
I gulped in fresh air and sneaked a glance at him. Was his hand reaching for his holster?
"Don't do it again."
Not sure what I was apologizing for, the words poured out of me. "I won't sir, never again. I’m sorry." I tried to see his eyes through the powerful beam, but I only saw spots.
"Good. You make sure and get your parking sticker tomorrow. Come in early when Mr. de la Renta is here. He'll be happy to give you one."
Parking sticker.
This whole drama was over a parking sticker? Waves of relief flowed over me. "Yes, sir, whatever you say, sir."
The crunch, crunch, crunch of his boots went away wherever security boots go. I turned the key in the ignition, stepped softly on the accelerator, and slowly drove away.
* * *
 The harsh bell jangled, jolting me awake. The security guard at Xeldorf Chemicals had me by the scruff of the neck, about to beat me with a rubber hose. The nightmare faded, and instinctively I grabbed for the tennis racket I had started keeping by the side of my bed to stop intruders. 
Sitting up, blinking, barely breathing, I tried to think straight. The bell rang again.
"Sigmund, are you there?" I whispered, wondering where he was.
Then it hit me. The phone, it was the phone.
No one knew my number except Joey and my mother. Neither one of them would call at this hour. The green numbers on my VCR across the room on my dresser resembled a 3 and two O’s.
 From Xeldorf Chemicals, fifteen miles away, I had taken two different routes, doubling back to make sure no one followed me, so it couldn’t be them, or maybe I wasn’t really the PI genius I’d thought. The ringing started again, making me lurch out of bed, pull my robe over my shortie nightgown and run for the kitchen with Sigmund on my heels. 
I picked up the receiver. "Yes!" 
Rhonda's voice carried tension and weariness. "Sorry to wake you, Cookie, but, I'm so worried."
"Where are you?" That's right, I'd given her my number, too, silly woman that I am.
"I'm at my mother's nursing home." 
"You're still there?" Something awful must have happened. I pictured Rhonda cradling her dead mother in her arms. 
Not another death. They’d been dropping like the needles off my slash pine during a drought.
"Yes, I'm still here."
"Your mother. Is she? Is she, okay?"
"She's still alive, if that's what you mean. Sleeping they said, but they won't let me wake her. They gave her some sleeping pills."
"You want me to come over and straighten this out?"
"Would you? They said I had to talk to the doctor about it, but I don't even know what ‘it’ is?"
I sniffed and scratched my head. "I'll get some action. Tell me the address." Rhonda gave me a location on Berberry Drive. "You wait there for me and tell them to open the door when I come or I'll knock it down." 
* * *
Not only did I have to get myself out of jams, it seemed as if I'd hooked up with a partner who ended up in a few pickles herself. Good thing I was a high-energy person. "On my way, Rhonda."
My van putt-putted up to the entrance to Sleepy Hollow Nursing Home at exactly three-thirty a.m. while I practiced my tough girl talk. If they gave me any guff, I might have to use it. They'd better not mess with an ex-nurse's aide. I'd seen it all plus a few things even the doctors and nurses hadn't.
I'd tugged back on the jeans and the plaid shirt I’d worn to Xeldorf Chemicals, and pulled the hat low over my eyes in case the security guard had an inside track to police bulletins for embezzlers and homicide suspects.
The one-story frame building blazed with lights. Even the stone statute of Ichabod Crane dazzled with a string of green flashers. A little early for Christmas, isn't it, guys?I pushed my way in the front door.
A short man in a gray uniform with Sleepy Hollow printed on his pocket in black lettering met me in the hallway, with a flashlight dangling from his belt. Fatigue crumbled his thin unshaven face and red rims circled his eyes, while blue veins spidered out in all directions on his chunky nose. 
He yawned, right before words came twisting out of his mouth in a Texas drawl. "You Ms. Berelli?" 
"Yes."
His denture-teeth clacked in his mouth like a rhythm section of a bad mariachi band. "Mrs. Roddenberry's daughter said to bring you right down to her room. It's this way."He started off, shuffling left.
"Is Mrs. Roddenberry okay?"
"She's down here. Don't know what's the problem. Nobody tells me much." Hurt and confusion buzzed in his tone.
We arrived at a room with an open door and the uniformed man disappeared. Rhonda grabbed my arm and pulled me inside. "Come on in. I can't understand what my mother's babbling about. She woke up and started talking."
In the lamp light, the eggshell-colored walls and blue chintz curtains made for a homey effect. A pine dresser and rocking chair filled up most of the available floor space next to the bed. I smelled baby powder and Pond's cold cream. A frail-looking woman with thin white hair sat on the edge of a quilted bedspread, wringing her hands and muttering. 
Rhonda gazed at her. "Mother, this is Cookie."
The woman glanced up and gave me a feeble smile when I reached for her hand. It felt cool and fragile to the touch as if she was made of only gristle and bone. I tried to put some warmth in my tone. "Hi, how you feeling?"
The woman's voice came out thin and soft, but her lavender eyes carried a roguish gleam. "I'm all right. I don't know what Rhonda got so upset about. She didn't have to come way out here. I can handle things myself."
Rhonda rushed to her mother's side while I waited on the sidelines. She tried to whisper, but emotion ate at her vocal chords so the words came out harsh. "I got so upset because they called me and told me something was wrong. Of course, they wouldn't tell me what the problem was over the phone."
Mrs. Roddenberry shook a fist at her daughter. "Hogwash. They want to control everything I do here."
Rhonda's face pulled into lines of frustration. "What are you doing that they want to control?"
Mrs. Roddenberry straightened her back and sniffed. "They don't want me to see Leonard anymore."
Rhonda gave me a confused look. "Leonard? Who is Leonard?"
"The man I'm going to marry."
Rhonda hovered over her mother, her body taut, her hands on her hips. "What?"
"You heard me." Rhonda’s mother took a pair of glasses out of her pocket and put them on, giving her a schoolteacher look. "You hear, but you don't listen. I told you about Leonard, the man I play cards with."
"Oh, that Leonard."
"Where is Leonard?" I stepped forward.
Mrs. Roddenberry gazed at me sweetly. "In the next room, listening."
I shrugged in Rhonda's direction. "Bring him in. Let's clear this whole thing up."
Mrs. Roddenberry slid off the bed and hurried toward the wall, her back ramrod straight, her arms pumping like crazy. She knocked on the plaster three times.
From the other side of the wall came a flurry of knocks.
Mrs. Roddenberry chuckled and her eyes came alive, like a stream of gold in the dark. "That's Leonard. He's a light sleeper."
A minute later, a tall broad-shouldered white-haired man in a navy bathrobe appeared in the doorway. He smelled strongly of bay rum and hair oil. He smiled at me through yellow teeth and a weather-worn face. His eyes stared straight ahead, dim bulbs in a rectangular face.
Mrs. Roddenberry smiled at him with a sweetness she hadn't shown before. "This is Leonard."
Rhonda eyed him the way my mother used to stare at my hands when I was a kid and told her I’d washed them and she didn't believe me. She proceeded with her version of the third degree. "My mother tells me you play cards together."
Leonard nodded and smiled.
"Are you two planning to get married?"
Leonard nodded and smiled.
"You just met."
Leonard nodded and smiled.
"Why do you want to marry my mother?"
Leonard nodded and smiled.
I stepped between Rhonda and Leonard. "Wait a minute, Mrs. Roddenberry, I don't think he understands a word we're saying."
Her mouth tightened. "Of course he does. He asked me to marry him."
I peered at Rhonda's mother. "He used those words?"
"Not exactly."
"Maybe you said the words and he smiled and nodded."
"Maybe." Mrs. Roddenberry's hands started to shake.
I turned back to Leonard. "Let's run a little experiment here. All right with you, Leonard?"
Leonard nodded and smiled.
"How old are you, Leonard?"
Leonard nodded and smiled.
"How long have you been in the nursing home?"
Leonard nodded and smiled.
"Listen, Leonard, when was the last time you changed your socks?"
Leonard nodded and smiled.
Rhonda's mother gawked at me, her face turning a chalky white.
I ended my test with a clincher. "I hear your mother's a gorilla." 
Leonard nodded and smiled. 
Rhonda's mother fell back on the bed, mouth wide open.
* * *
I stood outside Sleepy Hollow Nursing Home next to a row of azalea bushes, watching the outside lights go out, and listening to an owl hoot. I'd amazed even myself with my little incompetence exhibition starring Leonard. Sometimes I go too far. Case in point. Not a smart thing to be upsetting Rhonda's mother. After all, she had to be at least sixty. My shenanigans could have brought on a heart attack. Lucky they didn't. I mentally rebuked myself and vowed not to repeat that scene again.
Rhonda stood beside me, peering into my eyes. "Thanks for clearing things up. My mother is a little shook up, but at least she understands that Leonard Farley is not competent to marry anybody. Thank goodness, that's settled. I don't want him taking her things or doing something that might hurt her."
"I think she's already hurt, but at least we nipped it in the bud before they ran off and got married." 
Sound waves went off in my brain and I grabbed Rhonda by the arm. L.F. Leonard Farley. "Rhonda, you remember when you put the initials L.F. on your calendar?"
"Yes."
"Why did you do that?"
"I remember now. I wanted Mr. Falcone to check into Leonard Farley's background. He played cards with my mom and won, and I worried he might be trying to snatch her money."
"And now?"
"I think my mother's a very bad card player. Why?"
"I saw L.F. on your calendar. Could he possibly have anything to do with Mr. Falcone's murder?"
"Don't see how. They didn't even know each other. Besides, Mr. Farley doesn't have it together enough to do anything like that."
"I think you're right." 
Sirens screamed in the night, far away. Norman Fedoza, the greasy paramedic, could be on my trail again. More likely the ambulance carried a new resident for Sleepy Hollow Nursing Home.
Rhonda put a hand on my arm. "Let me ask you something. How did you know Mr. Farley didn't understand your questions?"
"He's like Uncle Ed." I slipped a butterscotch candy in my mouth.
"Who's that?"
"My uncle, twice removed. He's totally confused about everything, but you wouldn't know it until you ask him specific questions. After I watched Leonard for a while, I figured out why he reminded me of my uncle."
"What gave him away?"
"He didn't say anything, he just nodded and smiled."
Rhonda’s eyes opened wide, full of awe. "You really are getting to be an investigator, Cookie. Thanks for helping."
"No problem. Now, if you don't mind, I think I'll go home and get ten or fifteen minutes of sleep before the sun rises." I started toward my van.
Rhonda grabbed me by the arm. "Wait. Tell me how things went at Xeldorf Chemicals."
"I found out they are dumping toxic chemicals, and that really makes me mad. Some of that stuff could be going in yours truly's drinking water at this very moment." 
"No kidding?"
"It’s the truth. I'd like to send those guys a gift certificate."
"For what?"
"A Dr. Kevorkian special."
For the first time that morning since I’d seen her, Rhonda laughed. "I like that. Where did you get it?"
"From Tony Zuppa." I paused. "He gets 'em in the mail every week."
"He does?"
"I don't know. I'm only kidding. Punchy, I guess." I pulled Rhonda toward the parking lot. One lone light lit the black topped area. It loomed before us, deserted except for our vehicles and five older model cars that must have belonged to the staff. 
"Be serious, will you?" Silver shadows crossed her eyes. "I really worried."
"The worst thing that happened at Xeldorf's was being harassed by an EPA guy and the security guard. I came out okay, and I’d almost fallen asleep when you called."
"Sorry, but I had to talk to someone about my mother."
"That's okay, glad to help." 
"See you in the morning." Rhonda stopped beside my van.
I hated to be the one to tell her, but it already was morning. Being the magnanimous person, I am, I let it slide. Instead, I made a suggestion. "We need to go over the files of those people in Mr. Falzone's pictures."
"Fezur and Wilcox?"
"Them, plus the guy with the gold tooth, and maybe that crazy Rumanian, too."
"Bulgarian. Yuri Yarutska."
"That's the one."
"You don't think he's involved with Xeldorf Chemicals, do you?"
"Don't know yet. There has to be a tie somewhere. Someone killed Sam and Rose Falcone and they did it for a reason.
I didn't know where else to take the specimen from Xeldorf Chemicals I'd collected from the truck I'd pilfered. Especially since I was too chicken to take it to the police department. 
When I arrived at our office later that morning, Rhonda sat at her desk, studying photos of the man with the gold tooth. She looked terrific in red velvet pants and a black suede jacket. 
Good choice for a cool morning. Even her shellacked, hand-carved geranium earrings shimmered. Had Rhonda suddenly gotten fashion and started buying Ines? 
Nah. I doubted Rhonda even heard of Ines de le Fracesca, the model turned designer that even "E!" covered. Mascara clumping on her eyelashes kind of spoiled the effect, but I didn't even mention it. I didn't want to quell her transformation.
"Do you think you can get this analyzed?" I plopped the soda bottle on her desk.
 She stared at the sludge in the bottle. "What's in it?"
"That's what we need to know. I got it out of the chemical truck I was supposed to dump for Xeldorf Chemicals last night."
Rhonda's face gave out with a prim, but forbidding expression. "You think it's toxic?" 
"That's right, but we need to know for sure. Maybe your friend at the police station could help us out with this."
She took a corrugated box out of her desk, carefully placed the bottle I'd given her into it, taped the box closed and slid it into a metal container. Those precautions should be enough to protect us from Strontium 90, but I didn't mention it. I gave myself a mental pat at the back at how good I was being.
She set the box down carefully in its own chair, far away from hers, as if it might blow up any second. "Okay, I'll give it to Denny, but no telling how long it will take until he gives me an answer. He's still waiting to hear about that other bottle I gave him, the one you brought in after your meeting with those guys with the gun in the alley."
"That bottle. Okay, so tell him I got a bottle fetish. Tell him whatever you have to. Crank him up a little, and see if you can get some results."
"I will, but shouldn't we be scouting for the man with the gold tooth?"
"We should, but we have a couple other leads, too."
"Who?"
"Mr. Fezur, for one. Maybe we better check his file." I sat down in Vic and Gina's chair, the one I'd "borrowed" from them at their wedding. 
Rhonda glided over to a file cabinet, maneuvering on her black suede spike heels as if she had been born with them on. She came back a minute later and dropped two files on her desk.
I glanced in the mirror on the wall at my reflection. Looking good in another of my designs, a square-necked pumpkin-colored A-line of chambray linen and matching pumpkin square-toed shoes. Eat your heart out, Liz Claiborne.
Rhonda grabbed the Fezur file. "We tried to help the man until Mr. Falcone found out from an insurance investigator that Mr. Fezur tried to defraud All-Sure Insurance."
I glanced at Rhonda. She page through the file, one leg tucked under her. "What exactly did this Fezur guy do?" 
She peeked at me from behind the folder. "There isn't much here. Something about setting fire to his business."
"What my Uncle Manny 'Two Fingers' used to call a friction fire."
"Friction fire?"
"Yeah, the mortgage got too close to the payment and Manny stepped in and blew up the building or set it on fire. The insurance money financed the business from then on and the owner had no more worries, unless the insurance company got wise."
"That's about what happened with Mr. Fezur, or so All-Sure claimed." Rhonda snapped the file shut. "Maybe it would be worth talking to the insurance investigator to see if there's more."
"Maybe you could do that." I took a box of Raisinettes out of my pocket and tipped a bunch into my hand. "What about this Mrs. Wilcox? Is she the one who abducted her son?" I popped the candied raisins into my mouth.
Rhonda took out the next file and opened it. "That's the one. She might be living in a tree."
I chewed for a minute, mumbling thanks to the guy who had come up with the idea of chocolate and raisins. "How can you abduct your own son? And how can you live in a tree?"
"Her husband got custody, even though there was some question he might have been abusing the boy. The tree—I don’t have an answer for."
"My kind of judge. I'd steal my kid too, wouldn't you?"
"Umm hmm, but that's the law."
"Sometimes the law is plain wrong."
"Then it has to be changed." 
"I don't have time. I barely have time to eat, sleep and keep a few steps ahead of the cops. This is getting depressing." I tipped some more Raisinettes into my hand. "Maybe you could give Mrs. Wilcox a call, feel her out, see if she knows anybody with a gold tooth."
"It all comes back to the man with the gold tooth." Rhonda closed the file she held.
I stared at the letter opener on her desk. "You're right about the man with the gold tooth. He's really the one to find."
"We don't know who he is or where he is."
"I’m satisfied who the man with him in the photos is and where he's likely to be."
"You are?"
"Yes, it's my ex-boss, Mr. Wendell Kiekhofer, or Mr. K. as I used to refer to him. I think he's going to get a visit from us."
"Won't we be in danger? What if he calls the police?"
"I meant a visit when he's not there, like maybe about nine o'clock tonight."
"Can't we do something before then?"
"Where does this Yuri Yarutska live?" I asked her, punching another handful of Raisinettes in my mouth.
Sitting at her desk in Sam Falcone's new office, Rhonda consulted the investigation file. "Not far from here." She wrote down the address and handed it to me.
"Okay, we can't go check up on my ex-boss until tonight. What say I talk toYarutska and see if he carried out his threat against Mr. Falcone or not?"
"I'll call Mr. Fezur and Mrs. Wilcox." She shoved a pencil behind her ear. "Do you think it's safe to talk to Mr. Yarutska? He's got quite a temper."
"Don't worry, I'll be very discreet."
"Uh huh." Rhonda rolled her eyes.
* * *
After I said goodbye  to Rhonda and left our new office, I crawled into my vehicle and headed out. My van clattered and wheezed along toward my first, and I hoped a profitable, meeting with Yuri Yarutska, the crazy Bulgarian Rhonda had told me about.Crazy as it sounded, he'd threatened Sam Falcone and every clue had to be followed. That's what the investigators in the mysteries I'd read did, and that was what I was going to do. 
I slowed down a block away and listened, wondering if both the muffler and tailpipe had fallen off. Too late for repairs now. It would have to hobble along like I did. My leg still hurt from my brush with the black sedan, but I figured if I ignored it, the pain might go away. 
Mr. Yarutska's residence turned out to be in the lower depths of town, farther away than Rhonda had led me to believe. The house sat near the highway where empty buildings resided and a couple of men stood drinking out of brown-paper-wrapped bottles and shouting at invisible adversaries. Joe's Packaged Liquors, a gray stucco hut with blue neon lights strung around the roof must be doing a brisk business.
I pulled in front of the address Rhonda had written down. The place reminded me more of a warehouse than an apartment building. When I read the sign, I knew why. The dingy purple billboard over the box-office read Yarutska's Lounge and Sports Bar. 
Three young boys stood in the alley made sucking sounds when I got out of my van and headed for the door. My Italian side wanted to make a couple of choice comments back, but my Norwegian side wouldn't let me, so I kept my mouth shut and hurried inside.
Far away, a football crowd roared and close up, footsteps approached. Standing in the dark hallway, I waited for my eyes to adjust. A rank blend of urine, musky male body odors, peanuts and stale cigarette smoke filled the entrance. A stream of light came in from a closed window high in the ceiling, illuminating the wall phone and the numbers hastily penned, probably during heated conversations, across the chipping green paint.
An angry male voice shouted. "You better get out of here or one of my boys will take you down out to the alley and punch the stuffing out of you."

Chapter 20

I crouched in the shadows, listening to voices argue in the dark hallway of Yarutska's Lounge and Sports Bar off Highway 776, wishing I was home with Sigmund, watching an old Cary Grant movie.
"I don't want no trouble." The man spoke with a Georgia accent and indicated submission in the tone of his voice.
Someone switched on a light and two men's bodies came to life. The tall gaunt man wore a gray uniform with a patch over his pocket that read Venice Restaurant Supply. He hovered over the shorter, more muscular man, but his arms hung back in an attitude of obedience, and he bowed his head as if he'd already been given the ten count.
The uniformed man peered down with an apologetic expression. "I told you I was sorry. I made a mistake. What else can I do?"
"And, I'm telling you, leave the towels." The male voice shouted in a Slavic accent. Naked to the waist, he sported a hairless body fit as a twenty-year-old's. Sweat stood out on his forehead and chest and he wore baggy trunks, white socks and pointed Italian shoes. A weird combination, even in a sports bar. He'd hung a thick pink towel around his neck, and his body moved constantly, dipping and ducking, as if he expected the other man to take a punch at him.
The taller man cowered against the wall, his words contradicting his body language. "Can't do that, they belong to somebody else."
The boxer danced around the taller man, holding up his dukes and taunting him with pretend punches. "I don't care who they belong to, you get me those towels or you won't be around to tell about it."
The taller man pulled his arms into his chest, looking like he wanted to disappear completely. "You know I can't."
"I don't care who you have to call or what you have to do."
"Give me a break, will you? Those towels were supposed to be delivered to the Cajun Club and the stupid driver took them here. I don't know how and I don't know why. A mistake, plain and simple."
"I'll make a big mistake with your nose if you don't fix this for my guys." The Slav took another pretend punch, this time very close to the taller man's face.
The taller man jerked his hands in front of his nose to protect himself. "I'm telling you, those linen towels were delivered by mistake last time. They were supposed to go to that big Miami hotel."
"I don't care. The guys used 'em. The guys liked 'em. The guys want them again. End of story."
For the first time, a look of amusement marched across the taller man's eyes. "Let's see if I got this right. You want the pink towels."
The boxer seemed perfectly calm when he uttered his next words. "Yeah, that's right. The guys say they're way fluffier, and they dry better."
"Your guys like 'em. Can't understand that." An almost chuckle came out of the tall man's mouth.
"Me either, but I can't argue. You seen the size of some of them? They got left hooks and right jabs that would put you and me straight out, if you know what I mean."
"I know what you’re talking about." The taller man scratched his jaw, the light from the ceiling lamp glistening off his whiskers. "I'll tell you what. I'll leave the towels this time, but for next week you gotta call my dispatcher and order your own pink towels."
"Okay, okay, I'll take care of that. Make sure you leave the towels."
The tall man started to walk away. The muscular man shouted at him. "Hey. Don't forget to take that sissy pink toilet paper out of here. That, they don't like."
"You got it, Mr. Yarutska. Whatever you say."
When the sound of the other man's shoes had disappeared, I stepped out of the shadows and walked toward the boxer. "Mr. Yarutska?"
The tall gaunt man started up the steps toward the roar of the televised football crowd. I stepped up my pace, heading for the muscular Slav. "Mr. Yarutska!" 
He turned somber dark eyes on me. Somebody's fist had rearranged his nose a couple of times, and not for the better. Thick brown hair billowed out around his neck like a collar, leaving him bald on top. He had a feisty way of moving his arms and dipping his head when he spoke. 
He whirled around and pointed a finger at me. "I'm Yarutska. What do you want?" 
"I'm Cookie Berelli. Nice muscles. You work out a lot."
He smiled. No gold tooth. Nothing like the man in Sam Falcone's picture or the guy we'd seen at the cemetery. Too bad. Maybe he knew something that would come in handy. I'd come this far and I wasn't retreating yet.
His dark eyes filled with a burning intensity I couldn't read, but it reminded me of my cousin Mikey when someone pissed him off. Yarutska pretended to take a swing at me.
"I work out now and then. You into sports? I got a women's special starting next week. See the secretary."
I didn't move out of his way or show any fear that I knew of. "Thanks very much, but I didn't come to watch sports."
"No?" Losing interest in a fearless opponent, his eyes wandered in the direction of the football crowd sounds. "You watching one of my boys?"
"Nope. I work for Sam Falcone."
The muscles on his chest and stomach tightened. "Sam Falcone." His slanting forehead furrowed. "Heard he died."
"That's right. You were a client of his, weren't you?"
"Who told you that?"
"His secretary."I didn't figure men who beat each other up for sport knew the word assistant, except maybe in terms of boxing.
 He breathed through his nose. "That piece of fluff. Can't trust her."
"I saw your file, Mr. Yarutska." Only a white lie. Rhonda had told me what was in it.
He stopped bobbing and weaving. "Okay, so Sam helped me."
"With your wife, right?"
He put up his dukes again and took a step forward. "Hey, listen, I don't need help with any woman, and don't let anyone tell you I do."
I stood my ground, hoping to keep my voice and face friendly. "Fine, I didn't say you did. Maybe your wife needed help."
"That's right, my wife. Guys are always coming around her."
I stared at the man. Was it something in the genes of these tough guys. This was the second one who worried someone was after his wife. First Mr. Pluchinski, now Yarutska. "So, you hired Mr. Falcone to see if someone was interested in her?"
"That's right." He wiggled a finger at me and danced around a few steps. "Never turned up anything, though."
"You ever been to Xeldorf Chemicals?"
"Talk to the janitor about chemicals. I don't know nothing about that kind of stuff. Sports are my game." He bobbed and weaved around me to make his point.
"Then you don't know anything about them dumping chemicals?"
"Like I told you, sister, talk to the janitor about that kind of crap."
"How about a man with a gold tooth? Know anybody who has one?"
"You sure ask a lot of questions, lady. No, I don't know anybody with a gold tooth. Nobody around here has the money to pay for that."
I stared into his eyes. He appeared sincere. Then again, how would I know? My father used to say, "When you're not getting anywhere, try a different tack." I smiled at Yuri Yarutska. "Heard you threatened Mr. Falcone."
He bobbed and weaved some more. "Me? Why would I do that? I paid him to help me."
"Maybe he moved in on your Mrs."
Yuri Yarutska's laugh reminded me of a hyena. "Him? My wife and me are doing fine. We worked it out without him." He touched my sleeve. "Nice threads. You want a Pepsi?"
"Thanks and no thanks. I'm kind of in a hurry." The last thing I wanted was to spend any more time with Yuri Yarutska than I had to. He didn't seem to have any of the right answers. 
"You can take a minute, can't you? Come on, I'll introduce you to some of the boys." He beckoned with his finger.
I took a step backward. I felt pretty strong, but he knew a lot more about knocking someone out than I did. 
I turned and started toward the door. Over my shoulder, I said, "Some other time, Mr. Yarutska. I have an appointment." 
The sound of his hyena laughter followed me out the door. I popped another handful of Raisinettes into my mouth to take my mind off its shriek.
* * *
Quaking a little in my shoes about my encounter with the boxer, I pulled my van away from Yarutska's sports bar. In the rearview mirror I saw the sun glint off a car. It wasn't just any car, it was the black sedan. 
I froze, thinking I was supposed to be following him, not the other way around. I slammed on the brakes, and the rear end of the van slid from one side of the street to the other, out of control. A Toyota behind me beeped and I jerked the wheel of the van toward the curb. 
The black sedan flew by, disappearing down the street. I sat for a full minute, trying to catch my breath and figure out what to do. It could be a different black sedan. Sure, and 
I was going to win the $20 million Florida Lottery.
I slowly pulled into traffic. Maybe he waited ahead at a red light. All might not be lost. Gripping the wheel, I stepped on the gas and spurted ahead, mind busy inventing new and ingenious ways to fix the men inside the black sedan. 
By the time I pulled up to the next stoplight, the black sedan had disappeared from view. I reached in my pocket and took out the rest of the Raisinettes, congratulating myself that I'd done something right. I didn't know what it was, but that didn't matter. 
Now what? I wasn’t going to wait for them to change their mind and come back to finish me off. On the other hand, maybe their exit meant they feared me because they were worried that I was getting close to the truth. Sure and Yuri Yarutska was the man of my dreams.
Ipopped the final Rainsinettes in my mouth and chewed. Close to what truth was the question. Yuri Yarutska didn't seem to be tied into this whole thing. Or, maybe he was. That could be why the black sedan tailed me. Yuri might have called them up and told them I asked too many questions.
Yeah, like he had instantaneous cellular connection with them. They arrived too quickly. They had to have been following me before I got to the gym. That meant they had followed me from Sam Falcone's. If that were true, they might be going back there to finish what they already started. 
Rhonda might be in great danger at that very moment. Not wasting an instant, I stepped on the gas and my van peeled up the street, smoking rubber. 

Chapter 21

My mind raced with possibilities while I jockeyed in and out of traffic on my way back to Sam Falcone's office to save Rhonda. Something made me squeal on the brakes and pull over to the side of the road. I think it was an idea that crossed my mind. What if I pulled up at the building just when the black sedan did? Then what? Would I knock both of them senseless with my purse and then sit on them until the cops came?
No way, Jose. They had a head start on me. They were probably there already, holding poor Rhonda hostage, maybe even torturing her. I wouldn’t even consider that possibility. Rhonda had to be okay.
So, if the black sedan was on its way, but no damage had been done, I could stay pulled over, call Joey and have him bring some of his jock friends over. They weren't too bright, but they could tackle bodies with the best of them.
No, Joey had gone to a real estate refresher course. He'd told me about it weeks ago. No way to reach him.
The police. No, not them. I was already a fugitive from justice.
All right, then I'd have to handle this alone. I pulled back into traffic and stepped on the accelerator. So what if I speeded? Lives were at stake. 
Too bad Sigmund wasn't with me to bite their little behinds off. Where was that dog when I really needed him?
My van squealed to a halt in front of Sam Falcone's building. No time to think up a plan, I'd have to wing it again. 
No sign of the black sedan. They'd probably pulled in back,the better to make their getaway. Two could play that game.
Grabbing the miniature baseball bat from under my seat, I jumped out of the van and ran inside. The elevator door started to close when I hopped aboard.An eternity later, or what seemed like it, the doors opened and I stepped out on the third floor.
No sign of anyone. They had to be inside already, probably so involved with Rhonda, they wouldn't be ready for my attack. Baseball bat slung over my shoulder, I advanced on the office. 
No sounds.
I reached for the door knob. It felt like a block of solid ice in my hand, but I managed to yank it open and stumble forward. 
"Don't think you can waltz in here and take over. We aren't going to give up without a fight are we, Rhonda?" I glanced left and right, shaking the bat in both directions. 
No sign of anybody.
"Rhonda?"
No Rhonda. 
Too late. They'd already taken her to who knew where to do who knew what. The bat in my hand slowly slid down my shoulder and onto the floor and I slumped into Vic and Gina's chair. All was lost. Rhonda had been kidnapped and it was all my fault.
Out of the fog of my depression, a soft voice spoke. "Cookie?"
Great, I already heard Rhonda's voice. Could it be punishment for my stupidity?
"Cookie."
I slowly raised my head, jumped up, threw my arms around the secretary and squeezed. "Rhonda. You’re okay."
"No, I’m not. Let me go, you're hurting me."
I let go long enough to double check that it was really Rhonda, then squeezed her again. "It's you. It's really you." 
"Of course it's me. Who else could it be?"
"Something bad didn’t happen? Where are they?"
Rhonda straightened her jacket. "Who?"
"The men in the black sedan."
Fear registered in Rhonda's eyes. "You saw them?"
"Yes."
She stared into my eyes. "Did you really see them?" She pulled my arms away from her shoulders and gave me the kind of glance usually reserved for the people that had been or were about to be committed to a mental institution. "Let's sit down and talk about this, okay?"
Rhonda pushed me back into the chair and pulled one up for herself. I smiled so hard my cheeks hurt. "I saw the black sedan. I even tried to follow it. They lost me in traffic and of course I assumed they came back here to get you." 
"Nobody came here. Why would they?"
My laugh trembled with giddiness. "Yes, why would they? They don't know anything. Maybe they didn't even see me. Maybe it wasn't even the right sedan. I got a little punchy after being in that smelly lounge with slimy old Mr. Yarutska." 
"Did you find out anything from him?"
"That his employees like pink towels and Mr. Yarutska and his wife made up. That means no motive for him."
"Unless he was angry enough at Mr. Falcone to do something."
"I don't think so. I don't like this interrogating stuff. Is that a big part of being a PI?" I grabbed the glass of water Rhonda offered me and took a slug.
She smiled and straightened her skirt. "Sometimes."
"I like sneaking in offices and spying on people a whole lot more and I think I'm better at it, too. Mr. Yarutska gaped at me like I was nuts."
Rhonda fought against a smile. "I don't know why he’d do that." 
"How did you make out?" I took another swig of water
"Not too good. I couldn't get hold of either Mr. Fezur or Mrs. Wilcox. I left a message for her, but his phone had been disconnected. Here’s a message for you."
I read the plea from Walt Pluchinski to find out whether his wife was cheating, and stuffed it into my pocket. "Do you think she'll call back?"
Rhonda sighed. "Probably not." She handed me two files.
"Where do they live? I'll stop by and see what I can find out." 
"Why don't you go home, take a nice bubble bath and relax.”
"Let me do this first. You think I can rest knowing those two might be the murderers?"
"Okay, but don't forget about tonight. I'll pick you up about eight-thirty."
I copied down the addresses from the files. "Tonight?" I said before downing the rest of the glass of water.
"Don't you remember? We're supposed to pay a visit to Mr. Kiekhofer's office."
"Yeah, right. What you going to wear?"
"I don't know yet."
"Didn't Mr. Falcone wear something special, maybe black, so people couldn't see him when he did something he maybe wasn’t supposed to?"
"If he did, he didn't tell me about it."
"I'm going to wear something black and suggest you do too."
"I'll think about it. I don't really want to go. It doesn't seem right."
"Does it seem right that someone killed Mr. Falcone?"
"No."
"Or Rose Falcone?"
"All right, I'll come, but let's try not to do too many illegal things."
"Right. My old boss is going to get a special delivery package tonight." I winked and picked up the baseball bat.
Rhonda's eyes filled with question marks. "A package?"
"Yeah, me!"
* * *
Mrs. Eudora Wilcox lived at 335 Citrus Avenue, not far from her husband. Not that I expected to find her there. If she'd really kidnapped her daughter, she'd probably be someplace far away, like Bermuda or Hawaii.
I turned right and felt a rush of memories. Not far from that very block, I'd found Rose Falcone dead on her own bedroom floor. I swallowed a lump of sadness in my throat and reminded myself why I was doing what I was doing.
My VW van labored up the sand road to a street tucked behind giant oaks, making a few rumbles and sputters of protest. A steep hill rose in front of the nose of van, while I mumbled a prayer that I would make it. 
The planned community of Tall Oaks appeared shadowy in the late afternoon light. Shadowy and expensive. 
I popped a piece of my homemade fudge into my mouth and stared at the gate barring the entrance.It wasn't exactly breaking and entering if I found an unlocked door and went inside. I got out of the van and swung the heavy metal barrier open, hoping no one saw me.
Back in the van, I drove slowly along the freshly black topped road between twin rows of tall cypress. Red tile roofs topped each of the pink stucco houses. With their high stone fences, they reminded me of fortresses. 
***
Cookie’s Chocolate Cover-up Fudge—Perfect for spying activities
Ingredients:
1 cup heavy cream
2 cups light brown or powdered sugar
4-8 oz. chocolate chips
1/2 stick softened salted butter
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 cup chopped walnuts
Directions:
Combine cream, sugar and most of the chocolate chips in a heavy saucepan and cook 
over low heat. Stir mixture and sides constantly with a wooden spoon until sugar 
dissolves. 
Bring to a boil and cook until mixture reaches 238 degrees F. on a candy thermometer or 
until chips melt. Remove pan from the heat and stop the cooking by plunging pot into a 
cold water bath for 1 minute. Add the butter and vanilla, but do not stir.
When the mixture cools to 120 degrees F., mix fudge with a wooden spoon 
until creamy. Add the nuts and rest of chocolate chips and cover them up by mixing well 
(or reserve a few chips and nuts to put on top.) 
If you want to make an easier version, put the cream, sugar and chip mixture in the 
microwave on high for two minutes until the chips melt, then add other ingredients and 
mix well.
Either way, spoon into a greased 8 x 8 baking pan. Let cool and then cut into squares.
Yield: 1 lb. 
***

I found 335 Citrus and parked down the block. An old tan Mercedes stood in the circular drive that curved around in front of the house. 
I crossed the well-manicured lawn, dodging the rainbow spray of a sprinkler. A wide verandah ran along the house front, leading me up the low concrete steps. I leaned on the door chime next to the door.
 No answer.
 I pushed the button again.
Nothing.
I retraced my steps down the stairs and headed around the side of the house. Except for a small flower garden and two gigantic oaks, the Olympic-sized swimming pool took up most of the backyard. The green lawn chairs and glass circular table with matching umbrella stood empty.
Scanning the rest of the yard, I saw nothing. I turned to go, then stopped. High above me, a shoe scraped against the bark of a tree. In the tallest oak, a figure crouched. I shouted up the tree. "Mrs. Wilcox?"
Something crunched above me and sometime later something in khaki and canvas plunked down, missing my head by inches. "Mrs. Wilcox?" I bent over to retrieve a boat shoe. A foot appeared above me. "Mrs. Wilcox? Is that you?"
A body dropped to the ground. Same Cleopatra hair as the picture in Sam Falcone's office, but the Sonia Rykiel suit had disappeared, replaced by khaki safari garb. Binoculars dangled from her neck and the same huge blue eyes stared at me. 
"Who are you?" She had a breathy voice.
"My name’s Cookie. I’m looking into Sam Falcone’s murder." I handed the woman her shoe.
"Thank you." She took it, holding it in front of her chest. "What do you want?"
"To talk to you."
"About what?" Mrs. Wilcox stepped into the canvas shoe and wriggled her toes.
"You did know Mr. Falcone was murdered." I gazed at the woman's face, noticing a small scratch on her cheek.
"I read about it in the newspaper. Sorry to hear it." 
"Your husband was a client of his." 
"Yes." She stared at a nearby hedge.
"Because you took your daughter away from him?"
Two vertical furrows gathered between Mrs. Wilcox's eyebrows. "I did, but Mr. Falcone talked me into bringing her back."
"Tough decision. Did you hate him for that?"
"I couldn't run anymore. In a way, I felt grateful Mr. Falcone talked sense into me. I've got a new lawyer now and we're fighting the custody." She had the kind of long, soft fingers that never touched dishwater.
"What were you doing in the tree?"
"Trying to catch a glimpse of Isabelle. She likes to swim in the pool, but she's not there." Mrs. Wilcox did a few practice back strokes before she dropped her hands to her sides.
"She's living next door?"
"Across the way. I rented this house to be near her." Even without makeup, her face appeared beautiful in a haggard kind of way. 
"You didn't have a gripe with Mr. Falcone, did you?"
"No, he was right. As hard as it is to not have her, what kind of a life would it be for her on the road?"
"I heard your husband abused her."
"That’s right and I'm here to make sure he doesn't touch her again. I spend most of my time in this tree watching out for my poor baby." 
The swinging binoculars bounced against her chest with a clunk. She put them to her eyes and stared up into the tree she'd been in. "I wore off the bark up there."
"Sounds like a rough life."
"It is, but I'm going to get my daughter back. Do you want to see a picture of her?" 
"Yes, I would."
"Come on inside.”
She tapped me on the shoulder and led the way to the back door. We went in a large glassed-in porch that felt musty and cool as a cave. "Let's go into the living room." 
Venetian blinds on the windows laid down horizontal bars across the thick moss green carpet. The heavy dark rosewood furniture seemed out of place next to a deep fireplace and a white leather sofa. Mrs. Wilcox flipped a switch and a chandelier of white crystal lit the room. 
"Cold place, isn't it? Would you like a drink?"
"Nothing, thanks."
The front bell rang and she trotted to the door to answer it. I sat down on the couch, hidden from the entryway. "I'm not spying on you," Mrs. Wilcox said. "I'm watching out over my daughter."
A man's voice rose in anger. "You're spying and I don't like it. If I have to, I'll get a restraining order."
"You do what you have to do and I’ll do what I have to do."
"I saw you spying. Why else are you wearing binoculars?"
"They say bird watching is a very good hobby."
"Don't be ridiculous. Now stop it or I'll have you stopped.”
"You were always very good at threats, David."
"I'm not threatening you. I'm stating facts." Cool words came at me, but rage buzzed like hornets in his voice.
Eudora's voice rose above her husband’s. "Haven't you done enough to me?" 
He shook his head. "You never listen.”
"It's you who never listen. Get off these steps. This is private property."
"I'm not leaving until you promise to stop spying."
"I'll count to three and then I'm calling the police."
 Footsteps retreated and a man's voice spoke."You haven't heard the last of this."
"I'm sure I haven't."Eudora Wilcox slammed the front door and came back into the living room. "That was David. He thinks he can intimidate me, but he can't. I've lived in my car for days, stayed up in that tree for hours, gone without food, been mugged for my last nickel. He doesn't bother me. It's the judge that terrifies me. Everything turns on his decision."
She rummaged in a mahogany cabinet and came back with a red photo album. Its gold trim shimmered in the meager light. She sat down next to me and opened the album slowly, her fingers trembling. The little girl in the glossy print smiled at me, intelligent and afraid, a miniature of her mother in a plaid dress and braids. 
The lump in my throat I’d had earlier returned when I pictured how her father had spoiled her life. "She's adorable."
"Yes, isn't she?" Her brown eyes clouded with tears. "She needs to be in therapy, or here with me eating chocolate chip cookies, not spending days and nights with David."
A few minutes later, I left Eudora Wilcox alone with her photographs. She still stared at the pictures of her daughter. Tears spotted her khaki shirt black. 
* * *
The whole scene with Mrs. Wilcox got me so upset I made a candy run to Tara's Taffy and Fudge. When I opened the front door, "Candy Man" blared in the background while visions of sugarplum fairies with purple and blue hair rotated from the ceiling on a silver-crested mobile. 
Dressed in a red-and-white Santa's outfit with matching cap, Tara leaned over a tub of red syrup, dipping apples, and setting them on wax paper on the counter. Her slick rubber gloves glistened in the flashing red-and-green lights she'd strung around the walls and in front of the counter. 
Candy canes hung from the ceiling like Christmas decorations and three kinds of popcorn machines popped away cheerily in regular, caramel and strawberry pizzazz. A toy train whirred around a track, sending chocolate and deep fudge caramels around the miniature town of Candyville.
"Dipped any good apples lately?" I called to the owner, tasting one ofthe nubs of peppermint ripple taffy Tara had left by the cash register for the customers to nosh on while awaiting their orders. 
"Not since you used to help out around here." Tara ducked up from behind the counter, pushing back a strand of blonde hair and smiling. She had chubby cherry cheeks and a bosom big enough to nestle quadruplets. She walked around and stood beside me. Stockings snagged and red flannel pants hitched up in back, Tara slogged around in red slippers, crimson toenails peeking out like Santa's helpers.
"It’s been eons since I worked weekends here."
"You broke the record for the greatest number of caramels consumed in one week by an employee."
"That was one of the perks of working here, your invitation to All The Candy You Can Eat." 
Tara had even given me a plaque to mark the occasion. I hung it on the wall in my bedroom, next to a certificate of study from Madame Longetti's School of Fashion Design in Wood Haven, New York.
"What can I do you for?" Tara popped a piece of licorice into her mouth.
"My favorites, please."
She dipped into one of the wooden pickle barrels of candy, sending a barrage of Mary Janes into a paper bag. I could almost taste the sweet taffy. Beneath, it, the sweet surprise--swirled peanut butter. 
A bag of peanut butter fudge in one hand and Mary Janes in the other, I hurried out of Tara's Taffy and Fudge, heading for my van. At that exact moment, coming around the corner from the other direction, strode Sergeant Leferosky of the Venice Police.
I didn't know the man, but I recognized the uniform right away and his name tag jumped out at me. Mouth dropping open, body frozen at the end of a forward step, I stared at him. 
Oh, oh, jig’s up. He has to know I’m wanted for embezzlement.
 A police photo of me with a prison number plastered on my chest blazed across my mind. Call it unlikely, but the brain does weird things when it's upset, like thinking he might even throw in a arrest for Sam and Rose Falcone's murder. I'd be doing hard time until my hair turned white.
I stared at the handcuffs dangling from his belt. Any second now, he'd take out his gun and point it at me. I gazed up at his smooth-shaven face where confidence and a pinch of fear glinted in its middle-aged folds. He had a thick nose like my Uncle Eddy. It tried to be bold, but only succeeded in being stubborn.
I couldn't take my eyes off him. Heavy body cinched in by a too-tight uniform, his shoes clicked across the sidewalk, heading right for me.
Should I turn and run? Maybe I could get away if I headed down the alley and ran in the back door of Tara's. Inside my head, I shouted at my feet to move, but they stayed planted on the sidewalk as if they'd been imprisoned in a bin of soft taffy.
Looking back at his face, I realized the cop wasn’t at all like Uncle Eddy. This guy was all business. I half-expected him to take the stick off his belt and bop me one with it. But no, he kept walking. 
When he reached a point about four feet away from me, I watched in utter terror, as he lifted one of his thick hands up toward his chest. I winced, sure he was moving toward an unseen holster. Instead, he moved his hand up his body until it reached his head before the cop put a finger to the shiny black visor of his cap and nodded. "Good afternoon, ma'am." His southern drawl reminded me of Andy.
With lips like Silly Putty, I forced the words out of my mouth. "Good afternoon, officer." 
In total disbelief, I watched him continue walking down the street, taking no further interest in me. Peering everywhere but his back, I half-ran, half-jogged to my van. 
* * *
It took ten Mary Janes to calm me down after my encounter with Officer Leferosky. How could I have been so silly? He had no idea who I was. Maybe I wasn't a fugitive from justice after all, but I couldn't count on it. He could just be an out-of-touch cop. 
I took a couple of deep breaths, getting down on myself because I'd reacted the exact same way to similar situations in the past. What amazed me was that I never seemed to learn. Maybe I was just blessed, fortunate, and most importantly, lucky.
Sitting inside my van, I leaned over the steering wheel, thinking. If the officer didn't arrest me, then maybe my ex-boss hadn't told the police. Or, maybe he had and only this one officer wasn't up on the latest bulletins. 
Nah. I wasn't that lucky.
If Kiekhofer hadn't turned me in, why hadn't he? Could he be in on the whole thing after all? That sounded more like it. He couldn't keep his slippery fingers off anything that smelled of money.
I'd soon find out. A good snoop around Florida Fashions should do the trick. Lucky me and Rhonda planned to check it all out that very night. 

Chapter 22

I turned off Highway 41, and pulled in front of Damach Fezur's store, or what remained of it. This burned down market was my last clue. If I didn't track down something soon, I'd really have to go through with the visit to Florida Fashions, and I definitely did not want to tangle with Mr. K. or his security staff.
Using all my willpower, I turned my attention to the problem at hand. Although most of the sign had fallen down, charcoaled letters spelled out Fezur's Market. Mr. Fezur was not open for business. All-Sure had been unable to prove the man had set his own business on fire. Perhaps they had forgotten to mention that the front door had been blown out in the blast and dozens of cooked-in-the-can provisions of pork and beans and creamed corn lay in the street like tiny victims.
I stared inside. Nothing moved. Not that there was much to move. The place had been pretty well demolished. 
Chewing on a chocolate caramel, I headed next door to a dilapidated gray building with the words BERNIE'S TATTOOS flashing above the door in red neon letters. Now, this was my kind of place. Not really, but when you're a PI, you have to investigate everything, even if you don’t want to.
I tromped into the long and narrow store, listening to the bell above the door tinkle. I guessed it was an alert for Bernie that a new customer was about to spend a lot of money for something I'd never spend a dime on. I learned my lesson on that one. A friend of mine in Brooklyn had "Adam" tattooed on her butt, shortly before her boyfriend ran off with his personal trainer. She never saw him again. Now she was reduced to wearing a "thermal" patch over the tattoo and telling her latest boyfriend she wore it because she had a back problem. Yeah right, and cows jump over the moon. Those negatives, plus the potential for getting an infection from a tattoo, and the fact that I like my body as it is, made that kind of permanent body decoration a no-no for me.
Others felt differently, or there wouldn't be any tattoo parlors. The whole shop appeared smaller than my bathroom, but big enough to hold two small massage tables. Occupying one, a muscular man in a cutoff T-shirt flexed his muscles and winked at me. Light bounced off his shaved head and I turned and glanced the other way to get out of the glare. Not my type at all.
Bernie of BERNIE'S TATTOOS turned out to be Bernadette Hopmeyer, a tall brunette who reminded me of Millie the Magnificient, a wrestler my Grandma Berelli watched regularly. 
She even wore a red satin cape and purple tights like Millie.
"Take a seat and examine the chart on the wall. Those are all the tattoos I do."
I sat down in a metal fold-up chair by the door and stared at the paper rows of roses, flags and snakes that crowded the dingy wall. I didn’t tell her the idea of getting a tattoo had about the same appeal for me as having Brussels sprouts for breakfast, lunch and dinner for a month.
I dug in my pocket, retrieved a Snickers bar and watched the 250-pound muscular man who'd shaved his head, writhe. He nearly passed out when Bernie dipped her needle into his skin.
Fifteen minutes later, Bernie turned to me. "What will it be? A flower? An animal? A heart?"
"How about answering a few questions?"
"Sure, if I can. But if a customer comes in, I'll have to do him."
"Okay by me. You know the guy next door whose shop burned down?"
She returned her needle to the table beside her without so much as passing it over a bottle of alcohol. So much for cleanliness. 
"You mean old man Fezur?"
"That's the one. Know where I can find him?"
She wiped her hands on a less-then-clean towel. "Nope, heard a rumor he went to Tahiti."
"You sure?"
"He came into big money and decided to move away."
"I heard he burned down his own place."
"Could be. I never did trust him. He tried to pass a counterfeit twenty on me. Came in claiming he needed change. I didn't find out it was phony until a week later. By then, his store had been torched and he'd disappeared. Nice guy."
"Sounds like a real winner. Thanks for the info, I appreciate it." I heard the bell above the door tinkle and I stood up to leave.
"No problem." Bernie rose to greet her next customer, a tall skinny man in his thirties with a missing front tooth and greasy shoulder-length hair.
"Did you get a tattoo?" He stood too close, spraying garlic breath on me.
"Yes."
"Let me see it, what kind is it?" He grabbed for my arm.
"I got a nunya." I pulled my body out of his reach.
"What's a nunya?" He leaned toward me.
"Nunya business." I left him standing there with his mouth open while I charged out of the tiny tattoo shop.
* * *
Back home again, sitting in my bedroom, I tugged on a pair of long black boots and slid them up over black satin slacks. Forced by my lack of detective skill to undertake a last-ditch effort and sneak into my ex-boss's building, I did not feel pleased. In fact, the event had leapfrogged to the top of my Least Likely to Want to Do list. 
Acknowledging fate, I adjusted the collar on my black satin shirt before I pulled on a pair of long black gloves, and pushed my hair up under a black cloche hat. "Except for a black mask, I got it all. Maybe I should run out and buy one. A whip might be nice, too."
Nah. It would be dark in the office and besides, we would be careful. No one would recognize us so the whip wouldn’t be needed. I glanced at the clock on my desk. Time to go. 
From my window it looked like the lights were out in Mrs. Kitzel’s house, so I couldn’t impose on her. I hadn't endeared myself enough with any of my other neighbors to just walk up and impose my dog on them. Too bad, I'd have to chance leaving him alone. 
I put water and food out for Sigmund and let him out for a quick run in the backyard, crossing my fingers he wouldn't do any damage to my house. With him settled down in the kitchen, I shoved a flashlight into my bag and prayed Mrs. Kitzell was at least out for dinner, enjoying herself. She sure deserved it. 
Just as I finished my wish, a light went on in her back porch. Maybe she'd been taking a nap.
"Come on, dogpie. I'll be back soon, but for now, it's you and Mrs. Kitzel." Not one to turn down any amount of time with our neighbor, Sigmund sped to the door and sat beside it, ears flopping and tail wagging.
A minute later,Sigmund and I arrived at Mrs. Kitzel's. "You must be psychic," she told me. "I'm just about to start knitting a sweater. Sigmund can help me unwind the yarn." 
I couldn't be certain, but while I waited on the curb for Rhonda, I thought I saw Mrs. Kitzell lay a skein of yarn around Sigmund's outstretched paws so she could wind it into a ball. I knew he was smart, but that was ridiculous.
When the headlights of Rhonda's Mustang swept across the front of my house, I hopped off the curb and hurried to meet her. Without speaking, we drove to Florida Fashions. I guess we both had out own thoughts. I know I had mine. A couple of them included a few horror stories about what would happen should we be caught.
In the dark, I barely made out the shabby office building that had been the place of my employment. Rhonda pulled her car past the office and around the corner. Lights shone at the intersection but only one car came by. It turned left and headed down the street. 
Getting out of the Rhonda's Mustang, I peered around the corner at the building. "No cars in front. No lights behind the windows. Come on, let's get closer."
I led the way and Rhonda followed, dressed in black jeans, black flats and a long sleeve black cotton knit top. She carried a flashlight and when she walked, the light wobbled along the uneven pavement. The cement paving felt unfriendly as we stayed in the shadows and made our way toward the front door. 
Rhonda tried the knob. "It's locked. Now what?"
"I open it." I took a key out of my pocket. "I used to work here you know."
"They didn't ask for your key?"
"Sure, but I had two."
"Cookie!"
"Their fault for not checking. Besides, I knew I'd need it sometime and this is it."
"You know what you are?"
"Sure. Trouble, looking for someplace to happen." I turned and stared at Rhonda. "Shine the flashlight over here, will you?"
The beam fell across dirty glass and scratched wood before settling on the metal lock. I inserted the key and it clicked open. "Come on, let's get inside before someone sees us."
We passed through an entryway, tiptoed beyond the receptionist's desk and nearly tripped over the expensive Spanish chairs my ex-boss had ordered for his reception area. So like him to go to excess to try to impress customers. Our offices looked like sweatshops, but he spared no cost to showoff to the outside world.
"This way," I said to Rhonda, leading the way. We entered a door, crossed into the downstairs fabric room, and hurried past bolts of silk, wool and polished cottons. 
"Shine your light over here," I whispered. "I have half a mind to take this bolt of Chinese silk." 
"We don't have time for silliness." 
She was right of course, but I hankered after a souvenir of this evening. I cautioned her. "Watch out for the sectional furniture." The beam of her flashlight slid over low-slung couches and around leather footstools. "Getting warmer." 
I led Rhonda through an archway and into a huge office. "This is where the old poop works, or pretends to. He mostly bosses people around and reads old issues of Paramilitary Honcho when he thinks no one is looking." 
A motor roared in the street and we both jumped. "What was that?" We both said it in unison, like a Roman chorus.
I peeked out through the narrow slats of the window shades. A man drove by slowly. Reflected in the dash lights, only the shadow of his face appeared.
"Who is it?" Rhonda turned to see.
"I don't know. Doesn't Andy Shea drive a Mercury?"
Rhonda came over to the window. "Maybe. A white car."
"What would he be doing here?"
Rhonda shrugged. "Maybe he's on a case."
"Hope it's not ours."
"Did he leave?"
I went to the computer. It stood lifeless on the side table. "Forget him. Let's see what Kiekhofer has in his desk. He never turns this darn thing off. It's like his bloodline to the human race. I wonder why it's not on now."
"Power failure?"
"Maybe." I leafed through the papers on his desk. "These are orders." I opened the side drawer of the desk. "Old files and letters from angry customers. Look how many there are. I guess he didn't only mistreat his employees. Too bad, but they won't help us."
I grabbed hold of the top drawer and tried to pry it open. "Locked. Let's see if we can get inside." I reached into my bag and pulled out the key Mr. Falcone had sent himself. "Let's see if this fits." The key slid in just like I'd expected it would, but when the drawer opened so easily, it surprised me.
 "What's inside?" Rhonda said, crowding me to look inside the drawer. 
"Don't know yet, but why would Mr. Falcone have the key to Mr. Kiekhofer's desk?"
Rhonda voice sounded puzzled. "I don't know."
"Me, either, but maybe Mr. Falcone was killed for this key." I fingered the contents of the drawer. "Computer disks. Three computer disks." I took out the 3 1/2 inch floppies.
Rhonda stared down at them. "Why would he lock these three up? There are at least a dozen others sitting on top of his desk."
I smiled. "Because, my dear, these are special computer disks. I don't know what they have on them, but whatever it is, it's worth locking up." I slid all three into my shirt pocket, stuffing three more from the pile in their place in the desk. "Very soon, we'll know what's on them."
"Did you hear something?" Rhonda peered toward the door.
"No," I whispered, "but turn off the flashlight for a minute." 
Footsteps echoed in the corridor, followed by the creak of the door opening.

Chapter 23

When I heard the front door of Florida Fashions open, I thought for sure we'd been found out. I held my breath while footsteps came toward us. Flinching, I grabbed Rhonda and I shook with fear, waiting to be caught.
To prove me wrong, the sound of tapping feet in the hall outside Kiekhofer's office retreated. I huddled with Rhonda in our hiding place behind his desk, just in case he came back. 
"He's going away," I whispered.
A minute later, the footsteps came back and the door outside us rattled. "I know you're in there." The voice came at me deep, dark and full of violence.
I started to scream for help, but who was I fooling? No one would hear me besides Rhonda and the man outside who was after us.
The building felt empty, locked up tight, and dark—except for a shaft of streetlight filtering in through the window shade. We needed weapons or an escape route, but we had neither.
The door lock jiggled and I prayed he didn’t have a key. If he did, we were goners. Before I could think another thought, the door rattled and his voice rose in anger. "Come on out."
I grabbed Rhonda by the arm. "This way," I whispered, feeling my mouth dry as sand and knowing it was up to me to find a way out. I shoved her toward a rattan divider in the back of the office. "It's Kiekhofer's back entrance. He thinks nobody knows about it."
Pushing the screen aside, we hurried through a narrow hallway. The door to Kiekhofer's office burst open behind us and we stumbled away.
"Go," I whispered and we took off. We moved ahead, barely able to see until we came to a stairwell. 
"Which way?"
"Down." If we went the other way, he might trap us upstairs and chase us until we were exhausted. I had been in the basement a couple of times and knew about the delivery door and the windows.
"You can't get away. Stop now before it’s too late." His shouts echoed behind us.
I remembered all the close scrapes I'd been in with Joey, but my brother wasn't here to help now and I’d have to manage alone. We took the stairs two at a time. A bright red EXIT sign guided us to our goal. I reached out in front of me and touched cold metal.
Locked.
"Great. Now what?" 
For an instant, I didn't have any idea. Then, as if my body knew better than my brain, I banged up against the door to the basement. It flew open with one jolt. I stumbled into the damp murkiness of the lower level and Rhonda came running in behind, skidding off my heels. 
Out of breath and bathed in sweat, I glanced left and right, straining my eyes and ears for any hint of movement. I pointed left. "Shine the light over here." 
A flash from Rhonda's light exploded on bolts of fabric. They stuck out of huge boxes like dead bodies. Old sewing machines corroded on the floor next to boxes of thread and trims. In the corner, a dressmaker's dummy sagged like a corpse, a spot of red rust trailing down the left side of its chest.
I grabbed a bolt of linen out of a box and handed it to Rhonda. "Take this and get ready to use it." 
Behind me, the door to the basement slammed shut. For an instant, I was back in a kid’s nightmare, tracking down endless halls, unable to remember the way out. 
"This way," I whispered, pushing Rhonda down a corridor. We ran, feet pounding against the cement.
"In here." She slowed down and pointed to a door.
"No, he'll find us. If he has a gun we’ll be mincemeat."
I gave her shoulder a shove with the bolt of fabric and we ran ahead, our footsteps clacking through the dark. The flashlight beam zoomed wildly from floor to ceiling and settled on a dingy set of green metal doors and an UP button.
The elevator. 
We could take it back up a flight, but he could run up faster and be there when the door opened. "This way," I whispered, heading for the back exit. 
Footsteps skittered behind us and the man shouted at us. "There's no way out."
"That's what you think, buster," I mumbled.
A chill seeped through me. If the door were locked or cemented over, our goose would be cooked for sure. I hadn't been in the basement for months and Kiekhofer could have closed up his exit tunnel in anticipation of this night. That would be just my luck.
Adrenaline poured through me and time sped by in electric seconds. My fingers closed on the doorknob. Someone grabbed me by the belt, jolting me back, as I clamped a hand around the bolt of fabric. I swung it back, whacking whoever it was in the head. I made contact with something hard, maybe bone, but another hand reached around my neck and squeezed. I could smell his sweat and the onions on his breath.
"Rh-h-h-h-onda-a-a-a!" I twisted around until I could see his face. 
A bolt of fabric came down on the head of the man with a bam! and he let go of my throat. 
"Uggg-hhh." He stumbled backward. 
Whirling, I lashed out with my bolt of material, hitting him square in the middle of his face.
"Ba-a-a-a-a." He staggered to the side and fell in a pile of fabric pieces.
I dropped the bolt. "Come on. This way." I stumbled forward, tripping over something metal that felt like bedsprings. My body crashed into an immovable object, sending a jolt of pain burning up my arms and across my shoulder.
Hands shaking and brain buzzing, my fingers reached along the cool metal surface, searching for a latch. Where was the darn thing? Minutes passed before I found it and pushed. 
It didn't budge. 
Locked, and I didn't have the key. I wanted to let go and scream, drop to the floor and blubber like a baby, but I wouldn't give him the satisfaction. Shoulder to the cold metal, I rammed it as hard as I could. It popped open and I pushed through the door to the outside. Rhonda ran out right behind me.
Across the street loomed the back of Jerry's Seafood Cafe. The sharp night air carried the funky smell of old shrimp shells and the remains of too many lobster dinners. 
A car drove by, its headlights streaming across our bodies, blinding me. "Help!" I shouted. The car didn't stop and the driver didn’t even glance back to see us running behind him.
"Come on." Rhonda and I headed across the parking lot. The door to Southern Fashions slammed shut. Shoes clacked on the cement behind us.
The shot came toward me in slow-motion. First came the click of the gun, then the bullet releasing its life and death sound as it whirled through the air, closing the distance between me and the man. I felt my legs go flabby as pasta beneath me.
Jump, my mind said, but my legs had other ideas. They zigzagged like a marine storming the beach. The bullet whistled by my ears and thudded into an oak tree fifty feet ahead. Before the second bullet left the gun, I turned the corner, heading for the Mustang.
"Let's go get a beer and celebrate." A young man yelled to his friends on the sidewalk.
I shoved through the crowd of young people, shouting as I ran. "Help! Someone's trying to kill us. He's got a gun and he’s right behind."
"Sure, lady, what you been drinking?" a young woman said.
"Call the police. The man with gun. Hurry. Out of the way." Rhonda and I kept running.
Over my shoulder I saw the drinkers laugh and keep walking down the street. We raced along, turning at the corner, and cutting across another parking lot, heading for the Mustang. The pink neon lights from Harry's Waffles reverberated in front of us like a safe zone. 
My left knee collapsed and I almost fell. Holding each other's hands, we ran for Rhonda's car.
Wheezing and gasping for air, I jerked my door open and fell into the passenger seat. Rhonda jumped behind the wheel and took off in a cloud of exhaust. I turned around to see if the man with the gun followed.
A police cruiser turned at the corner with two uniformed police in the front, both their eyes pinned on the group of youngsters. The man with the gun came running around the corner. He glanced at the cop car, then at Rhonda's Mustang. He smiled and his gold tooth glistened in the street lamp. He slid his weapon into his jacket, pivoted left, and walked into Hot Chili Peppers Cafe.
* * *
After our scary encounter with the man with the gold tooth at Florida Fashions, Rhonda pulled her car into my driveway and surveyed the darkness. Although it wasn't cold, she shivered. I felt a little spooked myself. 
She looked at me. "Do you think it's safe to stay here?" 
I put my hand on Rhonda's arm. "Not with the man with the golden tooth so close. He's the one who chased us. At least we survived a couple of bullets and we're okay for now, but I think we should leave before he starts firing again. I'm just not sure where we should go." 
"You could come and stay with me at my house. I don't think the man with the golden tooth knows where I live."
"Sure. You, me, Sigmund, and Mr. Meltzer."
"Mr. Meltzer doesn't come over at night, only on the weekend. Besides, I forgot about Sigmund."
"That's okay. I should be safe at my beach house. Once Mr. Gold Tooth finds out we have the disks, he might back off."
Rhonda tapped her fingernails on the steering wheel. "Sure, and he might come after us."
"That's true. Here, you take these disks." I yanked them out of my pocket and plunked them into Rhonda's hand. "Don't hold on to them, though."
She grabbed the disks and shoved them in her bag. "What should I do with them?"
"Call up your friend Denny at the police department and see if his experts can find out why they're so precious."
"What are you going to do?"
"I'm going to go home, take a bath, eat half a gallon of frozen yogurt, and go to sleep."
"You sound awfully calm for what we've been through."
"It's all an act."
"That does it. Pack up Sigmund and come on over. I think I have a gallon of chocolate chocolate chip in the back of my freezer that I bought for company."
* * *
The next morning, I stood on one bare foot in Rhonda's cramped kitchen, finishing up the breakfast dishes while Rhonda took a shower. It had probably been a good call to go to her house instead of returning to mine. At least I woke up alive. 
Sigmund slept peacefully in the corner next to a fan. I can always count on him to console me when I'm scared out of my mind.
Rhonda and I'd spent the evening eating chocolate chocolate chip ice cream cones and figuring a way to find the man with the gold tooth. We didn't really want to find him, just locate him so the police could arrest him. We didn’t come up with any new ideas, but at least we stayed safe.
Rhonda came out of the bedroom dressed in slim cotton khaki pants, a wide brown leather belt and a red and green striped cotton shirt. Over her shoulders, she'd slung a khaki cotton blazer and she’d tucked her tiny feet into brown sandals.
"Very Ralph Lauren." I eyed her, shoving lightweight denim jeans in my white cowboy boots, then pulling a denim textured jacket over my T-shirt.
"You're very casual today." Rhonda pulled her hair back with a green ribbon.
"I know. Walt Pluchinski has been badgering me to find out whether his wife’s been cheating on him. I’m going to at least pretend I’m doing something so he’ll leave me alone. What are you going to do?"
"Go see Denny like you suggested."
"Good. Don't forget to ask him about those two bottles I sent him."
"I'll do it."
"Come on, dogpie, time to go." Sigmund opened an eye, stared at me, then closed it again. "I'm chasing all over Venice, and he acts like he's tired." I marched over and scratched him behind the ears.
Five minutes later, Sigmund and I settled into the van and we headed toward Opal Pluchinski's apartment. It was garbage day so I parked down the block away from the recycling baskets. Half an hour later, Opal came out wearing a miniskirt and low-cut top. Nothing like the flannel shirt and jeans in the picture of her Walt had slipped under my office door pressuring me to follow her.
She bounced down the steps and got in her car. I followed at a discrete distance. Opal walked right into an upscale apartment building, and I pulled in the back and parked under a tall oak tree next to a sign that read NO LOITERING. I left the window half open in the van, and slung the camera over my head so it hung down around my neck. 
"You stay here, Sigpie. Now, we're going to see the handsome young fella." Sigmund poked his head out the van window. He woofed softly, eyes trained on me until I gave him a couple of good scratches behind his ears. "Don't worry. I’m not going to get into any trouble." He gave me a yip to let me know he didn’t believe a word of it.
I started up the incline behind us where I could get a better view of the windows. I didn’t have to wait long. Opal came out onto the verandah. A moment later, a young man in tight jeans and a V-neck T-shirt followed her. 
Walt’s instincts had been correct. She was here, with a man. They were---together. Not too many explanations fit that fact. 
I snapped a few pictures. Him brushing back a swath of hair from her forehead. Her smiling up at him.
Just when it was starting to get good, they went back inside. So far what they’d done was pretty innocent. I had to see if there was more. 
"Excuse me," a deep voice said. "Can I help you?"
I whirled around, expecting to see a policeman or worse. I found an older man with a cutting shears, wearing shorts and a white hat. He had a friendly look on his face.
"Yes, you can. Do you know the room number of that apartment?" I pointed to the verandah where I’d seen Opal and her man.
"Let’s see." He counted the windows from left to right. "Rolinda, my wife, does some cleaning inside. I visit her sometimes on my break. I think that’s room two twelve---yes, ma’am, two twelve."
 "Thank you very much, you’ve been very helpful." It almost seemed too simple, but I marched over to the car, got in and drove around to the front of the building. Even Sigmund barked a few times, alerting me to be careful and not be too trusting.
I had to park down the street, but I finally found a spot. "Stay here, Sigmund. I’ll be right back."
He let out a little throaty growl to let me know he did not approve one bit, but I couldn’t take him into the building. Or could I? "Can you create a diversion, Sigpie? "My dear sweet dog barked and wagged his tail. That’s when I was sure he knew exactly what to do.
I leaned down and scratched in front of his tail. "Of course, you can." I attached a leash to his collar, grabbed a newspaper and jacket, and opened the car door. Sigmund jumped out and trotted along beside me. 
We followed a woman headed for the front door. When she opened the door, I went into my act. "Please, wait. Can you hold the door open for us? My arms are full."
Sigmund gave a yelp and ran inside, pulling me behind. The woman gave us a look of surprise, but she let me get in front of her.
What a good dog! I turned and headed for the elevator. The door opened and we went to the second floor. "Good dog. Just one more thing to do." 
He wagged his tail and gave me one of his I-chew-dog-biscuits-to-keep-my-teeth-white smiles.
When the elevator door opened, we headed for room two twelve. When I knocked on the door, the good-looking guy in jeans came to the door. 
"I’ve got your dog! I found him wandering around in the lobby."
The man stared at me, confused. He shrugged, and turned to look at Opal. She sat in a chair, legs crossed, body leaning forward so I could see down her blouse. She shook her head.
"It’s not our dog," he said.
"Sorry. Somebody told me you did. Can I use your phone?"
He led me to a phone in the next room. What a ploy. Perfect to get in a little spying. Even Sigmund agreed, letting out a little woof. I pretended to call someone and complain about being given the wrong information about the dog. When I ducked back around to the next room, I saw what I needed. 
The man stood next to a square object. I inched closer. Paintbrush in one hand, palette in the other, he lathered paint on a canvas. I grabbed the camera around my neck and snapped a couple of pictures. Walt Pluchinski wasn't going to believe this. 

Chapter 24

Walt Pluchinski’s wife hadn’t cheated on him as he’d feared. I stared at Opal and the artist. She'd had her portrait painted. My guess? Most likely a present for her spouse.
Walt would soon be very proud of her.
"Do you believe it, Sigpie," I told the dachshund as we drove back to Sam Falcone's office after our photography adventure. "Opal and that guy were really nice."
Sigmund woofed and nuzzled against my shoulder. 
"I think I've had about enough of this investigating stuff. What say you and me go and get an ice cream sundae and take the rest of the day off?"
Sigmund wagged his tail. 
"I take it that's a yes." I pulled into traffic and headed for Yanzy's Ice Cream Delights on Venice Avenue. We sat outside the big cement brown ice cream cone that served as Yanzy's shop, and ate our hot fudge sundaes. 
I finished mine and wiped my mouth with a napkin. "That was delicious. What say we head home and take a nap? I'm all tuckered out." 
Sigmund crawled in the back of the van and I settled into the driver's seat and cracked the window.
"Don't say a word or I'll shoot you." 
Not that I could get a word out, my teeth were chattering too hard, and my body had about as much fight in it as an old sock. 
I'd know that voice anywhere. I froze, knowing I couldn't escape. The man with the gold tooth had finally caught up with me, and my life was worth about two cents, if that.
While I hunkered down in the passenger seat of my van outside Yanzy's Ice Cream Delights on Venice Avenue, the tough-guy voice of the man with the gold tooth came at me again through the crack in my window. "Open this door if you know what's good for you." 
Fear rippled through me in escalating waves. This wasn't good because my terror quotient had already zoomed into high frequency the instant I’d heard his words. 
I knew what was good for me, and it sure as heck wasn't opening the door. Course he probably had a gun trained on me that very moment. I couldn't see one, but that was because I'd frozen in my seat like a dopey ice sculpture.
Although I couldn't move, my mind kept running. It was busy asking me stupid questions like, "How did this guy find me?" and "What in the devil was my protector, Sigmund, doing?" and "Couldn't the dog at least yelp once or twice to show the guy he'd have to take on two of us?" 
Not a sound out of Sigmund, not that I expected any out of him at this late date, but couldn't he at least growl? Just jump in here anywhere, doggie, I thought, using my version of ESP. 
The man wasn't through with his speech. Did this guy never run down? His next words screeched in my ears like an Italian opera singer who had just discovered hot cherry peppers. "Open this door or I'll shoot you where you sit."
That did it. Terror climbed up my spine and the idea of driving away seared through my brain, but my body wouldn't move, which was probably a good thing because if I did, he would probably have shot me before I even got the engine going.
"Open the door." 
This guy had a one-track mind. He wasn't going to give up. Since he had a gun and I didn't, I figured the prudent thing to do was to comply. I leaned across the unoccupied seat, reached up until my hand touched metal, and yanked on the knob until I heard a click.
The door burst open and a man's pants cuff appeared. It quivered above black socks and scuffed cordovans, blue and nubby with an accumulation of dust and grime. Seeing that, a crazy thought came to me. Don't bring that dirt in my car. He’d threatened to kill me and I was worried about a little dust. Neuroticism has no bounds.
My gaze moved up his legs, not exactly in focus because I was shaking too much. They looked thick and strong, no extra fat on the bone, and the broad chest and muscled arms had enough strength to subdue me at my toughest, which wasn't at that moment. My energy had melted out of me like ice cream out of a cone in the Florida sun. 
I almost murmured, "Whatever you want, I'll do," but stopped shy of being a complete coward. Eyes that reminded me of shiny brown cockroaches gaped at me. He had nostrils that flared in a constant sneer and filled in a pretty big portion of his stump of a face. Gross.
"Start this heap and let's get out of here." He slid into the seat, the gun disappearing inside his jacket, but leaving a telltale lump. Not that I needed a reminder. I'd never been that close to a gun, and it terrified me. For once, all the smart-mouthed sayings in my repertoire disappeared.
 I jolted into action and turned the key in the ignition until it clicked to a start. In the back of the van, Sigmund growled. Finally. Then another thought occurred, one I didn't want to have to deal with. 
Please don't let him hurt Sigmund, I prayed. At that moment, my little hot dog was the dearest thing on earth to me.
The van sputtered, then jumped to life. "Where to?" My voice sounded far away and a zillion times more calm than I felt.
"Drive." His fingers adjusted the knot in his tacky blue and green striped tie.
A blast of energy came back to me. Maybe it was the predictability of his comments or something else, but my smart mouth returned. "Calvin Klein?"
"What are you talking about?"
"The tie? Is it Calvin Klein?"
His sneer doubled. "Shut up and drive."
"Just being polite." His clothes sense matched my ex-boss's--cheap, ugly and with about as much panache as a flattened pancake.
I drove. "What do you want from me?" I aimed my van toward the Tamiami Trail.
"Don't be stupid. What did you do with those computer disks?" 
The disks. Then they were important.
Heart pounding with the force of Niagara Falls, I willed my voice to stay calm. "What disks?"
"The ones you took from Florida Fashions last night. We know you have them."
"Is that the editorial we?" I pulled around a double-parked car.
"What does that mean?" He glanced in the rearview mirror. I hoped someone was following us, preferably Rhonda’s cop friend, Denny, but I'd settle for Norman in an ambulance with its siren at full tilt.
"It means, did you think up this whole thing all by your itty bitty self or are you in it with my ex-boss, Mr. Wendell Kiekhofer?" 
I pulled up to a stoplight and tightened my seat belt. I wondered what Betty Davis would do in this spot. Taking a cue from her, my mind went outrageous and told me, "You're in for a rocky ride, fella." To him, I said nothing.
"Kiekhofer? He doesn't have the brains."
"Who does?"
"I'm working for Lydia Feinstein."
Lydia. That's why she was so condescending the day she gave me the pink slip. She probably set up the frame. I felt a slight breeze of self-righteousness. I had been right about that woman all along. 
I glanced at my passenger. "How is Xeldorf Chemicals involved in all this?"
"Drive."
"Okay, but you might as well tell me. Or, would you rather I sing?" I started to bellow, a half-Italian version of "That's Amore."
"Okay. Okay. Pipe down and I'll tell you." I quit singing. "Mrs. Weinstein and Lydia made the whole thing up."
"What about Xeldorf’s illegal dumping? How does that fit in?"
"I have no idea."
"What about Kiekhofer? Did he go along with Lydia’s idea?"
"Something like that." His fingers drummed on my Bill Blass seat covers.
"What whole thing did he go along with?"
"Tap into the computers of all the other designers and steal their designs." 
"Where did I come in?"
"They needed a patsy. You." He pointed a fingernail in need of a trim at me.
So that was it, computer fraud. Million dollar computer fraud. I still hadn't figured out why they decided on me as their patsy. They'd framed me for embezzlement, and probably Sam’s murder after he found out what they’d been up to. Then they’d sent the man with the gold tooth to take up space in my van until he'd eliminated me. He hadn’t told me all this because of my singing. He'd come there to kill me.
"Is that why you’ve been tailing me and trying to drive me off the road?"
"That's right. Lydia told me you’d fold."
"Shows you how many brains she has." I sped by Gustafson's Jewelry. 
"Turn here."He indicated Englewood Avenue.
"Why?"
"Don't argue. Just do it."
I pumped the brake and turned right onto the street that headed toward my beach house. "Oh, I get it. You think the disks are at my house, right? Well, they're not. I gave them to Rhonda and she's probably handing them over to the cops at this very moment."
"I don't believe you. Drive."
No way to convince the ignoramus beside me. He had a one-track mind and no one, least of all me, was going to talk him out of it. Too bad there wasn't anyone at home to help me. Forget about Mrs. Kitzell. She had all she could do to wander around her house and bake cookies. All I had was one dachshund, and he hadn't shown me much yet. 
In the back, Sigmund had started to bark softly. He knew what was up. Poor Sigmund. He could nip and maybe take a chunk out of the guy’s ankle, but Mr. Gold Tooth had a gun. 
If I could calmly insist that the disks resided at police headquarters, maybe he'd go for it this time. Maybe Rhonda would use ESP and call the cops. Maybe the moon was made of Swiss cheese. 
What a topper in a string of bad days, me driving around a two-time murderer in my van. I'd been so stupid, I should have gone to the police, and they would have investigated and found me innocent. This way, the only loose pieces would be my dead body and a hysterical Rhonda. But, why kill me now? He could have done it days ago. Of course, days ago, I didn't have the disks. 
 I leaned over the steering wheel, peering ahead. I could drive into the back of the car ahead of me. But, could I do it fast enough before the man next to me drew his gun and finished me off? Besides, it would kill whoever was in the vehicle. As bad as I wanted to live, that didn’t seem the right solution. Maybe if I got him talking, made him relax, I could maneuver out of this hole I’d dug for myself. 
"Tell me, how did you get into this business?" 
"Don't be a smart-ass. Drive."
Okay, so he didn't want to talk about his occupational choice, maybe another tack. "You know, they're not going to let you walk away after you kill me. They don't want any witnesses around to spill the beans."
 "Listen lady, I flew in from Chicago. When I get done here, I'll fly back. No one will be the wiser."
A Midwesterner, I knew it. Too independent and too quiet, probably raised by a family of goats before leaving the prairie for a live of big city crime. I made a quick right down an alley.
"Where do you think you're going?"
"Short cut."
"Get back on the main road and head for your house."
Tough bananas. I had a plan of my own. The van sped ahead, down the next alley and then another right turn into the construction zone. I crashed into a barricade and he hit his head on the side window. 
Maybe I could smash him into the windshield. Another right and we bounced along over potholes the size of Delaware.
"Tu-rn th-is th-ing a-round r-ight n-ow." His words bounced in my ears as hard as his body banged against the seat.
"How do your kidneys like them apples?" I shouted above the bangs and booms and barks.
He yanked out his gun. "That's enough. Get back on the main street and make it quick."
I made a fast left, hoping he'd fall out of his seat, but only succeeded in bumping my knee on the dashboard. "Don't you see, this isn't going to help anything. I gave the disks to Rhonda."
"That Roddenberry dame? I'll get her later. The police won't be able to make head or tail out of the disks, even if I did believe you gave them the disks, which I don't, so forget hoping they'll come and rescue you. Now drive home. I don't want to shoot you yet, but I will if you don't do as I say."
I nodded, not wanting to die in the middle of Bora Bora Lane. Come to think of it, I didn't want to die at all. That was the longest speech he'd made so far. Maybe I was softening him up. Sure, and maybe my van could fly.
"Tell me more about what's on the disks." I had a pretty good idea what was on them, but my only hope was to distract him from the gun idea.
"All I know is what I told you. Stop trying to confuse me and drive."
So, Mr. Gold Tooth was a little smarter than I gave him credit for. "Why did you kill Mr. Falcone?"
"I didn't. Once Lydia found out that stupid PI had found them out, she sent Kiekhofer to finish off the guy. He took care of Falcone himself."
Now I'd loosened his tongue. Too bad it wasn't going to do me any good. Dead designers don't talk.
My ex-boss a murderer? He'd already entered a life of crime by dressing the way he did and falsely accusing me of embezzling the money he'd probably taken, so why not? Murder was only a hop, skip and a jump away. "Did my PI know about the disks?"
"No, but he found out we set you up to take a fall for embezzling. That's when we had to eliminate him."
"Who did I take the fall for?"
"Kiekhofer, who else? He's the one who stole the money. When Lydia found out, she blackmailed him into going in with her on the fashion design scam. Once he was in, he followed her lead."
"Why didn't he say ‘no’ and turn her in?"
"She said she'd go to the stockholders with the books. Said Kiekhofer had been cooking the books to support his gambling habit."
I pulled up at the stop sign on the corner of Bridge and Denston. "Was he cooking the books?"
"Sure. Kiekhofer stole the money." He stuffed the gun back in his jacket. 
My ex-boss, a gambler? That would explain his greedy need for money. I wanted to ask if it was the horses or Las Vegas, but I realized I was getting way off track. Instead, I gaped at the man with the gold tooth. He leaned back into the softness of the cushions, eyes half-closed, listening to himself play big shot. He hadn't killed me yet, so maybe he wouldn't until he got the disks. All I had to do was delay until I could think of a way to get help.
I stepped on the gas pedal and my van raced ahead. Maybe there was another way to handle this. I just had to mention it in a discreet way. "How much are they paying you for this?"
"Enough."
"Enough that you can never come back here, that Rhonda can identify you and have the police send out faxes with your picture to every law enforcement agency in the civilized world?"
He smiled a twisted grin. "Who wants to come back to Venice, Florida? Once in this place is enough for anybody."
"What if I could double whatever you're getting?"
"Forget it. You don't even have a job."
"What if I took the disks and made the money and then paid you?"
"I said, drive.”
I drove. All the while we took the back way to my house, I tried to come up with one question that would shove Mr. Gold Tooth off his one-track goal. "What about Rose Falcone? Why did she have to die?"
"She knew something. We didn't know how much, so she had to go."
"Just like that?"
"Just like that." He snapped his fingers and I gulped. What was I doing, messing with a man who had no more respect for life than a snap of his fingers?
We were seconds away from my house, but it felt like light years had passed since I got in the van with the man with the gold tooth.
The gun came out of its hiding place. It pressed hard and painful against my rib cage. "Enough talk. We're almost there. Shut up now, or I'll kill you right here."
A green light flickered ahead. I floored the accelerator, turning left instead of right. 
"Go the other way!"
I took a deep breath in preparation for the next two blocks. "Thanks for inviting yourself to my house, but I'm not going there. I'd feel very sad going there right now. Especially with what you have in mind."
The gun edged into my ribs a little harder. "I can kill you now instead of later. It doesn't matter to me one way or the other."
The gun pinned my ribs, and I forced myself to turn the steering wheel inches toward the other direction. The gun withdrew and its black snout stood out dark and ruthless against the white of his hand.
Groveling might work. It was the one thing I hadn't tried. "Please don't do this."
A jab from the gun. "You're not in charge here."
"If you kill me, the car will go out of control and you'll end up dead, too."
He squinted and took a deep breath. "Turn this around and no one will get hurt. See those people over there? If you go out of control, you'll kill them. The last thing you'll see is them dying."
He was right. I couldn't smash into a crowd of people. Cursing under my breath, I made a U-turn in the parking lot of Sallie's Spray Cleaning, Inc. "Okay, you win, I'll drive you back to my house, but I promise you, the disks aren't there."
"We'll see."
I pulled into my driveway, peering left and right. Where were the neighbors when you needed them? Not a soul in sight. I could lean on the horn, but he'd probably shoot me. I yanked the keys out of the ignition, hoping I could come up with a plan in the next thirty seconds.
"Get out," he ordered.
I sat still, racking my brain, trying to think of what to do. 
"That's it. You're dying here."
The gun flashed in the air. Above me, I saw Andy Shea smiling, dressed in a tux with his hair slicked back, his arms outstretched.

Chapter 25

Every muscle in my body coiled like a clock that’s been wound too tight, I sat in my van in the driveway of my house, waiting for the inevitable. The man with the gold tooth planned to kill me. The snub of his gun in my ribs convinced me of that. My life flashed in front of me like a cartoon strip from the newspaper.
Sigmund kept strangely quiet. I hoped he hadn't been hurt in our wild ride. He had to survive, even if I didn't.
 Fear seeped through me like white-hot tomato sauce, burning into my lungs, making my body shake. This is it. The words This is the End of Your Life printed themselves across my brain in neon lights.
Just when I thought it was curtains, a blur of angry fur propelled itself through the air, yelping in protest. An iron jaw clamped down on the man's wrist. Mr. Gold Tooth shouted in pain as dachshund teeth sunk through his skin.
Amazed, I froze, watching Sigmund struggle with the man. The gun flashed in the light, and then a bullet thundered through the air, skimming through flesh and hitting bone. 
I stared down at my body, sure the bullet had lodged there.
No blood. 
No pain. 
"Get this dog off me!" The man with the gold tooth writhed in agony on the seat next to me. The gun popped out of his hand and clattered to the floor of the van. "That damn dog made me shoot myself in the foot. I don't believe it. Look at that."
A dark spot of blood doubled in size, spread out from his ankle, and turned his blue pants cuff dirty brown.
Hurrah for the dachshund. I shouted to him, suddenly alive with renewed energy. "Get the gun, Siggie. The gun." 
Sigmund released the man's wrist, jumped down on the floor and latched onto the weapon with his mouth. Swearing and fumbling, Mr. Gold Tooth grabbed for the dog.
"Come on, Siggie." I shoved my door open and scrambled out. Sliding out of the arms of the man, Sigmund slithered out behind me, panting, toenails clicking across the cement, gun hanging out of his jowls.
"This way, dogpie."
I raced along the driveway and flew up the front stairs, taking them two at a time. Sigmund followed me for a while before he doubled back under the stairs. 
"Sigmund, this way, you nutty dog."
 I missed a step and slid back down, falling onto my knees. Something snapped under me. 
Don't let my ankle be broken. Where was that dog now?
Glancing back at Mr. Gold Tooth, I saw him get out of the car and start my way. My neck thudded like castanets in rhythm with my out-of-control heart. Above me, only two feet away, the front door handle glistened. I reached for the handrail and launched myself upward, panting from the effort.
My brain told me I'd never get away from the man with the gold tooth, but my legs kept moving. I knew my house and he didn’t, that ought to count for something.
Below me, I saw him stumble up the walk, dragging his injured leg behind. He swore, leaning forward as he struggled toward the stairs. At least he hadn't followed the dog, probably thinking he could catch him later. I was his main prey. He still believed I had the computer disks. When he found out I didn't, he'd throttle me for sure.
Breath burning in my throat, I pulled myself up, hand over hand. I had to get into the house.
At the top of the stairs, I turned and stared behind me. "Come on, Sigmund, bring me the gun. That's a good dog."
I stared, dumbfounded at my not-so-good dog. His rump heading around the back of the house, my last view of the hot-dog. "Don't you dare bury it." 
Too late, he’d made his decision and so had I. Hands shaking, I gripped the door knob, with one, while I used the other to snatch my key chain. The keys were a blur. Somehow I picked out the navy-headed one, and aimed it at the lock, gasping for breath while my fingers worked to free the door. 
A hard knot of pain pushed down into my ankle. It could be broken. I shifted my weight, extending my injured leg to take the pressure off. 
The lock gave a harsh squeak and sprang open. My right knee started to sting and something warm oozed down my leg. Leftover cooking smells blended harshly with the smell of blood and the foul taste in my mouth. I hobbled inside, slamming the door shut and snapping the lock in place behind me. 
The police. Call the police.
 I cut right and stumbled across the rug. The phone was only a few feet away, but it could have been in China. Pain surging up my leg, I half-stumbled, half-crawled toward it. 
What seemed like an eternity later, I arrived at the counter, picked up the receiver, and dialed 911. "Come quick. Somebody's trying to kill me." 
"Who's calling please and where are you located." 
I shouted my name and address. "Hurry up, he's a murderer." 
The phone fell out of my hand.I turned toward the front door, standing perfectly still. I listened. 
The man's leg banged on the steps as he dragged it behind him, coming to get me.
I lurched toward my room. Down on hands and knees, I slid an arm under the bed. An instant later, I reached for the handle of my tennis racket, but couldn’t get my fingers to bend. Grab it, I told myself, and somehow I slid my new-found weapon out, along with a few dust bunnies. One does not comment on poor cleaning skills when faced with death.
Leaning on the bed, I stood up and staggered back into the living room, hauling my weapon behind. Where had Sigmund gone? Was he still alive? I could only hope.
"Open this door." The man shouted, smashing into the not-so-solid wood door with his full weight.
I crouched behind my hutch, squeezing my body back, hoping it hid me, and holding my breath. 
"I'm coming in." Another collision of shoulder and door. Wood splintered. The lock wouldn't hold if he hit it again. I raised the tennis racket, resting it on my shoulder. More shouts and the sound of shattering glass and cracking wood. A loud crash later, he bolted through the entryway. 
Bracing myself, I swung my arm up through the air. With a low cry, I pushed off, stumbling forward with my full weight. The racket whistled through the air and the metal frame connected with his neck, jolting him forward.
He howled in pain. In slow motion, his mouth opened in an agony of pain, and his head and shoulders sagged. Another swing of the racket and I drove down with everything I had. I hit him with the side of the racket so hard behind the knees, my hand vibrated and his neck popped.
Off-balance, he fell forward, and tripped across the rug. His mouth flew open, but no sound came out. Only the expression on his face showed the damage I’d done.
I jumped out from behind the hutch and raised my leg above his foot. "Is this the one you shot?" Before he could answer, I came down hard on his instep.
The man roared with pain, clutching his knee to his chest before he fell. He landed on his side, hands clamped over his face. 
"Guess that was the one." I grabbed a straight backed chair and jammed the legs around him, pinning him down on the floor.
Kicking out randomly, he tried to reach me, but he couldn’t. Blood ran off the end of his shoe and onto the carpet. Arms flailing, he shouted at me. "You're going to die." 
"That's what you think, buster." Before he could grab me, I sat down on the seat, batting at his arms and legs with the tennis racket. 
Sigmund barked and bounded up the stairs. He ran in the open doorway, deposited the gun in his Betty Boop bowl, and then sat beside it, wagging his tail. 
"Good Dogpie." I smiled at the dog, bopped the man with the gold tooth on the head with my tennis racket, and listened to the police siren coming down the street. 
* * *
Andy Shea came through my broken and bloody doorway first. "Cookie? Are you okay?" 
I stood up and held the tennis racket over my head, keeping my eyes on the man with the gold tooth. "I'm fine."
Two uniformed policemen elbowed their way inside, grabbed the man I'd pinned down with a chair, and yanked him to his feet. The one with a nose shaped like a banana stared at me. "This guy causing you trouble?"
"Yes. He killed Rose Falcone and God knows who else. He planned to kill me too, but my dog stole his gun." I pointed to the Betty Boop bowl.
Sigmund sat beside it, tail still wagging. 
"This the gun, ma'am?" The police officer with ears like broccoli scooped it up by the handle with a pen.
"That's it. If you check, you'll probably find it was the one that shot Rose Falcone.
"We'll need a statement from you, ma'am. We'll be back for it as soon as we take him downtown." They left with the man with the gold tooth in tow. 
Andy stared down at me, concern in his eyes. "You sure you're okay, Cookie?" His arms came around me, soft and warm. "I think you better sit down, you look a little blue around the gills." He pulled me onto the couch.
I plopped down next to him and rubbed my ankle. "I hope it's not broken."
"Let me see." He took off my shoe and held my foot in his hand. His fingers touched it gently, radiating warmth and protection. "Does this hurt?"
I smiled. "Not a bit."
"I don't think it's broken."
"Okay doctor, whatever you say."
"I'll get ice."
Andy went into the kitchen. I heard the sound of the freezer door opening and ice trays clacking. He came back a few minutes later with a towel in one hand and a glass of wine in the other. "Here, drink this. Doctor's orders. You've been through a lot."
He held the ice to my ankle and pushed a clump of hair out of my eyes. "Sorry I didn't get here sooner, but Rhonda couldn't figure out where you were."
"I'm sorry you didn't get here sooner too, but we managed, didn't we Sigpie?"
Sigmund wandered over and licked my hand. "Yes, I'm okay, Siggie. You did a great job."
The dog sat down on Andy's foot. "I think he likes you." I patted Sigmund's rump. 
"Is that a sign of affection?" Andy reached down and patted the dog's head. 
"That's a great honor. Sigmund's pretty standoffish."
Sigmund glanced up and woofed. Then he licked his chops.
* * *
Three days later, I waited for Joey, Rhonda, and Andy at Adolpho's, a little Italian place down the street from the Elsie Quirk Library. We'd planned a celebration dinner and I could hardly wait to start eating. 
Unlike what usually happens in real life, we'd caught the bad guys and made them pay. That made me feel as good as any detective in a mystery novel. I'd taken on the man with the gold tooth and ended his career in crime. It couldn't get much better than that. Sure, Tony Zuppa could come back, although now, my daydreams centered more on Andy Shea than on the rude Italian who'd gone West.
My taped ankle held me back a bit, but I finally made it to a booth at the rear of the dining area. I ordered a cold and a hot antipasto, leaned back, sipped red wine and tried to concentrate on the morning paper. The headline blazed across the page, "Fashion Cookie Solves Murders."
According to the article, the man with the gold tooth, AKA "Chicago Charlie Lombada" lay in a prison hospital, nursing his wounds and acting tough. Denny, Rhonda's friend on the police force, had been holed up with him, interrogating the criminal for days. 
The article mentioned my name. Every time I saw it, a little thrill surged through me.
Cookie Berelli, fashion designer, assisted the police in bringing the President of Florida Fashions and Chicago Charlie Lombada to justice. Working with Sergeant Dennis Dennehy and the murdered PI’s assistant, she collected important information that has given the DA enough evidence to put the murderers of Sam and Rose Falcone away for life.
Ms. Berelli also has agreed to testify against her ex-boss, Alfred W. Kiekhofer for embezzling money from Florida Fashions, thereby clearing herself of the crime.
Working with Ms. Rhonda Roddenberry, Ms.Berelli located computer disks that proved beyond a doubt that Kiekhofer conspired with his assistant, Lydia Feinstein, and Sharon Weinstein, wife of Sheldon Weinstein, President, Xeldorf Chemicals to counterfeit original Paris designs and murder the two Falcones.
Both of them are also being held for their crimes.
 Glowing, I put the paper away when Rhonda showed up, looking fabulous in a navy blue polished cotton sun dress and four-inch heels, her hair pulled back into a perfect French twist. She came in on Joey's arm, smiling and whispering in his ear. 
I knew those two would get together. It was only a matter of time.
My brother appeared especially dashing in a blue fine weave navy blue cotton twill double-breasted blazer with peak lapels, gold buttons, and bellows pockets. Expandable vents dropped from his shoulders to the Norfolk belt in back that lay perfectly flat against his white flannels. The yellow T-shirt he wore made the outfit. Especially with a yellow silk handkerchief tucked in his angled breast pocket. 
The two of them stood in the doorway of the restaurant, outlined by the hazy candlelight, looking like two honeymooners or maybe an ad for J. Peterman. Joey said something to Rhonda and she glanced at me and waved. They came over and slid into the semicircular booth next to me. 
"I hear Gina and Vic are coming home early." My brother whispered while he leaned over to give me a kiss on the cheek.
I stared at Joey. "What?"
"Just kidding. I called them and told them about the furniture. They said to keep it. Uncle Stuardi is sending them home with a complete set of new stuff."
"No kidding?" I bit into a piece of fried eggplant.
"No kidding." Joey picked up the platter of hot antipasto and passed it to Rhonda.
A waitress arrived and set down a basket of warm Italian bread and a plate of olives and celery. "Bring more hot antipasto," I said. "Or would you rather have cold?"
 Joey motioned to the waitress. "Bring us one of each. And bring a couple more bottles of wine."
"I don't think we'll need the furniture, do you Rhonda?" I nibbled on a stuffed mushroom.
"I'm not sure. Joey's been talking to me about staying in the business. He thinks it's sexy."
I kicked my brother under the table. "Listen Rhonda---he thinks everything is sexy."
Something caught my eye and I turned. Coming down the aisle, straight to our booth, more handsome than even my wildest dreams, strolled Andy Shea. His wheat-colored three-button single-breasted linen suit had notched lapels and flapped patch pockets.
I loved linen. In a linen suit, you could whisper and still be devastating, especially if you were Andy Shea. His eyes stared into mine. "Cookie. How are you feeling?"
"Great." I fingered the waist-shaping darts of my tea-length silk floral skirt. I'd picked out my gown especially to entice Andy Shea and it looked as if it was doing the job.
He slid in next to me, the sleeve of his jacket catching the edge of my hand. The sound track of The King and I roared in my head. In my mind, I transported myself to Siam. Dressed in a low cut, floor-length golden dress of silk, I spun in Andy Shea's arms, my huge hoop underskirt skimming across the flecks of gold and silver in the white tile floor.
"Denny says the fingerprints on that bottle you gave me match the man with the gold tooth, Cookie." Rhonda touched my arm and jolted me out of my fantasy.
I stared out from under my straw hat, past its trim of sheer black cotton voile with diagonal stripes. "What?" 
Rhonda giggled. "Are you listening to me?" 
I straightened my shoulders, feeling the softness of my sleeveless black silk Bacall blouse against my arm. "Of course I'm listening. The fingerprints match the man with the gold tooth, Chicago Charlie. He's the one who chased us in the alley behind Mr. Falcone's and took me on that roller-coaster ride in my van, trying to gt me to turn over the computer disks." 
"Who is this mysterious man with the gold tooth?" Andy smiled at me. Dazzling.
"Denny says he's a hit man from Chicago, flown in specially." Rhonda pushed back a wisp of blonde hair from her eyes. 
"By Lydia." I felt faint sitting so close to Andy. A nice faint.
Rhonda nodded at me. "Denny says by Lydia Feinstein and Mrs. Sheldon Weinstein."Not able to contain my smile, I beamed at Andy. "The two of them sold my ex-boss on the idea of knocking off Paris originals. I can't believe Kiekhofer really was in on it. He doesn't have the brains, as the hit man so eloquently pointed out."
Rhonda shrugged. "The women did most of the planning, but according to Denny, your ex-boss was in on it, too."
"Did Denny happen to figure out why they fingered me, Rhonda? Could it be because I faxed to them?"
"Exactly right. When you started faxing to the same companies they ripped off, they got worried you'd found out about them. Since your ex-boss had been taking money from his own company anyway, money that was supposed to go for personnel retirement and benefits, they cooked up a plan to blame it all on you."
"I figured that, but couldn’t prove it." I popped an olive into my mouth and bathed in the wonder of the moment.
"Those computer disks provided the evidence Denny needed." Rhonda chewed on a piece of celery.
"What about Sam Falcone?" Andy buttered a piece of Italian bread.
Rhonda's eyes darkened. "Denny says my boss found out about the plan and decided to go to the police. They figured they had to kill him." She took an olive from the platter Joey handed her.
I sobered instantly. "Charlie told me Kiekhofer did the actual dead, but the police are going to have to examine the evidence on that one. Poor Rose. She had nothing to do with it. Mr. Gold Tooth told me she got in the way. Isn't that sad?"
"She may have been a mistake, or maybe she did get in the way," Rhonda patted my hand. "Either way, it wasn't our fault, just like you said."
I tried to remember exactly what else Chicago Charlie might have said about Rose when he held me captive. Most of it remained a blur. 
"Maybe somebody else besides me overheard her telling you she had information." Andy passed me the bread basket. His fingers touched mine in the process and sent me spinning back to Tara again.
"I'm afraid that's what happened." Tears brimmed in Rhonda’s eyes and I was back in Venice again, feeling compassion and fondness for the woman who'd been such a help.
I tried to think of something to say that would make her feel better. All I could think of was, "We didn't know enough. We wouldn't do that again. Next time we'll do things better." 
Who did I think I was kidding? Shouldn't I feel even the slightest bit of shame over some of the things I'd pulled on my way to solving these murders?
"What do you mean ‘next time’?" Rhonda crumpled her eyebrows in a look of confusion.
I touched her arm, feeling her warmth and quiet energy. "I mean we were quite a pair. We did solve the murders you know, even if Denny did help. By the way, what did he make of that bottle of chemicals from Xeldorf's?"
She chatted back, sounding more relaxed. "Toxics---things they shouldn't have been dumping anywhere they wanted. The EPA is on the case and there is going to be a huge fine."
I frowned. "That's it? There ought to be more."
Her tone turned the slightest bit gossipy. "There is. Mrs. Weinstein is implicated in the murders and Denny said they're not sure yet, but Mr. Weinstein and Mr. Xeldorf may be, too."
"Mr. Weinstein hired Mr. Falcone to check into the illegal dumping at Xeldorf." I shoved a stuffed mushroom in my mouth.
"That's how it seems." Rhonda smiled at Joey until he took her hand and squeezed it. "We may never know for sure. Mr. Weinstein is hiding behind his lawyer, not saying much and Mr. Falcone's notes are a bit sketchy.”
While I ripped another piece of Italian bread off the loaf and gloated about my investigative acumen, the waitress arrived with more antipasto. We passed it around until I heard a familiar male voice. 
"Hello, Ms. Berdelli." I didn't even have to glance up to identify the voice of Walt Pluchinski. 
He reminded me of a rooster in his red shirt and yellow pants, his chest puffed out with pride. Opal stood next to him, demur in a high-necked white lace blouse and floor length black skirt of polished cotton. She wore lipstick of the palest pink and a thin pink ribbon pulled her hair back from her face.
"Berelli." Would the guy ever get my name right? "Nice to see you. Guess you worked everything out."
Walt grinned and I saw only friendliness in his smile. The worry lines around his eyes and mouth had receded so that he looked like a college football player ready to start a scrimmage. 
"You betcha. We worked it all out, didn't we, Opal?"She smiled sweetly and he kissed her forehead, giving it a loud smack. "Boy, was I a chump. I should have believed her all along. If it wasn't for you, Ms. Berdelli, who knows what stupid thing I might have done to break up my marriage?"
"You would have figured it out." Opal patted his bear-like paw.
"I can't believe it. You should see the beautiful picture Opal had that guy paint. We got it hanging in the bedroom."
"Glad to be of service." I did a pretend bow.
They wandered away, arm-in-arm, gazing at each other like two juniors at the prom.
"So, Cookie," Andy said, turning to stare at me. "What are your plans now?" 
"I'm not sure. Maybe I'll sit around for a while, soaking up the notoriety. I got two offers from New York designers to come and work for them."
Rhonda stared at me, a doubting look on her face. "You’re not going, are you?"
"I'm not working for anybody else again. I want my own business. That way, if I get in trouble, I've got nobody to blame but myself."
"Then you're not going to become a private investigator?" Andy’s handsome face leaned closer to mine.
"I'm thinking of opening my own fashion house. I can't feature myself going back to school to learn how to be a PI.” I slid two mussels, a stuffed mushroom and a sweet pepper onto my plate before passing the platter to the dear man.
"Really? That's exciting." Rhonda nibbled on a piece of bread.
"I'd like to have you come and work with me, Rhonda. You show definite possibilities as a model or even an executive assistant. Truth is, I love working with you."
"We did have fun, didn't we?" She took the platter of antipasto from Andy and helped herself to an artichoke heart and a hot pepper.
I smiled at my friend. "We're good together. Do you think you'd like to keep on working together?"
Rhonda gave me a warm smile. "I would."
"Good then, let's do it." I reached over and shook her hand to seal the deal. 
"Florida Fashions is for sale now that your old boss is in jail. I'll bet you could have it for a song." Andy passed me the bread again, this time grabbing my hand in the process.
I set the basket down, watching him intently. "That's about how much I can afford. I sure would like to buy that place and make it into something special, but I don’t have the money."
Andy held my hand and a tingle started in my fingers and moved up my arm. "What do you think you're doing?"
"I have a proposition."
I felt my face go hot. Proposition? This was too good to be true. Just in case, I thought I'd better check. "What do you mean?"
"How would you like to have a partner?"
"What kind?" Visions of a mile high wedding cake and me in a white satin dress standing next to Andy at an altar spun in my head.
His grin turned to a broad smile. "A silent partner in a new company called Berelli Fashions. The major partner in Florida Fashions wants to give you a reward for weeding Mr. Kiekhofer out of the corporation. I’ve also got some savings. I think you would be a great investment."
The sound track from Gone With the Wind blared in my ears. Tara lay ahead and a handsome Andrew waited at the front door.
As I fantasized myself hurrying up the steps to that vast estate, I vaguely remembered that through this whole thing, I’d been pining for Tony Zuppa, at least until I met Andy. With his southern gentlemen ways and his love for Norwegian cookies, he far surpassed Tony Zuppa. Not only that, Andy helped us solve the mystery and turned me on in the process. 
"That sounds like a pretty good proposition." I stared into Andy's eyes. As my dad used to say, "When the bills come in, love flies out the window."
 Only in this case, love flew in.
THE END

Thank you for taking the time to read CANDY, MURDER & ME.. If you enjoyed it, please consider telling your friends or posting a short review. Word of mouth is an author’s best friend and much appreciated. Thank you, Carolyn  Chambers Clark & Anthony Auriemma. 

BOOK DISCUSSION GUIDE for CANDY, MURDER & ME

1.What was your response to the first page of the book?
2.Which character are you most like?
3.Which character are you least like?
4.What role does violence play in this novel?
5.What other options did the murderer have?
6.Are there parallels in real life?
7.How do the themes of loyalty and justice play out in the novel?
8.Were you surprised by the ending of the novel? Why or why not?
9.What do you think will happen or do you want to happen to the main characters?
10.If you were writing the book, how would you change it?
11. What should be the name of the next Cookie Berelli mystery?
12.What's the plot?
13. What's your favorite recipe?

Watch for book two in the series, due out this summer. In the meantime, if you enjoyed this book, check out the first chapter of the other three books in my Women Sleuth series. 

Vertical Stripes Can Kill You

An Alexa Robb Designer Mystery

1

  I never believed fashion had anything to do with murder until I worked late the windiest night of the year. The dark October sky put the moon under cloud cover and palm fronds gave off an eerie rattle. I thought I heard the rumble of thunder in the distance, but that could have been due to the spooky feeling I got from working alone in a dark building. I forced that idea out of my mind until I finished the last of three dress sketches. 
     “One step closer to the spring show,” I told myself as I admired my work.  
     The elevator bell dinged and I set down a drawing pen on my desk at Super-Sized is Beautiful Florida Fashions.
    Then I remembered. It couldn’t be the elevator. The cleaning crew left an hour ago. 
     I’d sketched gowns with and without spaghetti straps and with and without uneven hems in lavender, pink and yellow silk, all with deep plunges front and back. My boss would love them. The more skin showing, the better, according to him.
     I pushed my chair back and stretched. A cold draft came at me from the window, and I put on my belted black blazer, grabbed my handbag, and headed into the ladies’ room next door. It hadn’t been one of my better hair days I told myself as I tacked an errant curl back from my face. I straightened the waistband of my silk skirt, feeling glad I hadn’t gone with pleats when I designed it. The flowing teal skirt did so much more for my full figure. 
     Before I could turn on the faucet and pat some water on my face, I heard the voice of Tonio, Mr. Schlessinger’s handsome assistant. I took a step in the direction of the door and heard some mumbled words and then my name. I’d been attracted to the guy from day one, and now he was telling someone about me? Too juicy to miss. I unlocked the door of the restroom and slowly pushed it open a crack so I could listen.
     Tonio stood by bolts of gauzy fabric in the fourteen-by-eighteen-foot fitting room right across the hall from me. I couldn’t see the face of the guy with him, only his back, but his tall muscular body didn’t look familiar. He wore an Armani rip-off and needed a better haircut. 
     Tonio had it all over him in the fashion department. Tonio looked terrific in a nautical blue suit with vertical stripes, a red tie and a pastel pink shirt. Some men might not be able to pull that look off. With his sun-tanned face, sexy brown eyes and wavy black hair, Tonio could.
     “I’ve been in this lousy job for six months now, setting everything up so you could get your stupid designs.” Tonio’s dark eyes flashed.
      “I’ve paid you well. More to come. Stop your complaining.” The tall guy spat his words out. “This whole thing is just about over." 
     “I’ll need more money to get the rest of those dress designs for you.” Tonio narrowed his eyes with displeasure and took a step back, holding tight to a manila envelope.
     Dress designs? They were stealing my dress designs! Maybe I shouldn’t have been surprised. Espionage pervaded our business and designers spied on each other all the time, trying to steal ideas. In a million years, I’d never steal someone else’s fashion designs and I couldn’t believe Tonio would either. Then again, money can sway a lot of people. 
     The tall guy took a step forward and grabbed for the envelope in Tonio’s hand. 
     Tonio took a quick step back. “Not until I get paid.”
     “Give me that.” I’d never heard the tall guy’s voice before, but I tried to put his New Englander voice into my memory bank.
Tonio smirked at his partner in crime, probably thinking he had the upper hand. Tonio wasn’t exactly a genius in the brain department. He might have forgotten that somebody could have been working late or maybe he just didn’t care. You’d think they would have checked the rooms to make sure nobody was around. Or maybe they opened my office door when I was in the ladies’ room. Either way, I don’t think they realized how loud they sounded. 
     “Give me what I deserve or I go to the police.” Tonio shook his fist at the tall guy.
     The tall guy sighed. “All right, I’ll give you what you deserve.”  He picked up an iron from the ironing board next to him and smacked Tonio across the face with it.
     I gasped and put my hand over my mouth to squelch a scream.
     Tonio fell backwards into a dress form. His hand hit the table, knocking down a waterfall of pins, measuring tapes, and chalk markers onto his head as he hit the floor. 
     I covered my eyes, but I still heard the smacks of iron against bone as the tall guy gave poor Tonio a couple more good whacks. When the noise stopped, I peeked through my fingers. As if he had all the time in the world, the tall guy snatched a piece of cloth and wiped the iron handle clean before setting it back in the upright position on the ironing board. 
     The whole time I tried to see his face but he still had his back to me. My heart pumped so loud I could hear it in my ears. I stood behind the bathroom door, unable to move, holding my breath until spots formed in front of my eyes.
    The killer bent down, picked up the envelope Tonio had been holding, and hurried out of the fitting room. Only after I heard the ding as the elevator door opened and then closed did I breathe, take a step out into the hallway, and look to make sure he’d left. The dial above the elevator told me he’d headed for garage level.
     I raced into the fitting room and found Tonio on the floor, blood on his face, a faraway look in his eyes.
“Tonio? Tonio!” No pulse at either his wrist or neck.  I put my ear to his chest.
Still no sign of life.
I’d never seen anyone die before. I leaned back and stared at poor Tonio. What a waste. Hot tears collected behind my eyes and in my throat.
My dad told me once how shocked and upset he’d been when he found his mother dead on the kitchen floor after she’d had a heart attack. Tonio’s death no way compared with that shock, but it did stun me. Even though Tonio had stolen company designs, I still felt an immense sensation of depression and a great longing to do something about his murder.
     I picked up the phone on the desk in the fitting room and dialed 911. I gave my name and address. “There’s been a murder at Super-Sized is Beautiful Florida Fashions on the eighth floor. Hurry.”
     I hung up, went back to the ladies’ room and grabbed my shoulder bag. As I hurried toward the elevator, I argued with myself. I couldn’t let the tall guy get away with murder. Yes, Tonio had been a creep for stealing dress designs, but no one deserved to die for that. Yes, I should have stayed with Tonio, but he was already dead. If I did stay, the murderer couldn’t be identified. I’d been the only one to see him. If I waited for the police, the murderer would be long gone, and the trail would be cold. 
     That meant I had to follow him.
     If I hurried, maybe I’d catch him downstairs and at least get his license plate number. I rushed into an elevator and pushed the parking level button. 
     On the way down, I kept pressing the button as if that could make it go faster. I caught my reflection in the mirror on the front wall by the floor buttons. I looked pale and scared. I stared down at my stilettos, wishing I had sneakers on so I could run like crazy if I had to when the door opened.
   The farther down the elevator plummeted, the more obsessed I became to find the license plate of the murderer. Hands shaking, I searched through my shoulder bag until I found a piece of paper, a pen, and my car key. Be prepared. I’d learned that in a women’s self-defense class.     
When the elevator door opened, I stepped out.                               
The tall guy in the Armani rip-off stood under a light and leaned against a white BMW convertible. Was that blood on his shoe? Some nerve to hang around after he killed somebody and gloat over what he’d stolen. Or, he could just be checking to make sure he got what he came for. He stared at the contents of an envelope with a green and gold SSIBFF emblem on it before he opened the door to his car. 
     Maybe not everyone would recognize the initials, but I did. The letters stood for our company, Super-Sized is Beautiful Florida Fashions. 
     Without thinking, I stepped under a fluorescent light, putting me in full view of the murderer. That’s how scared I was. 
     He must have heard my heels clicking across the cement because he turned and looked right at me.
     I wanted to run back into the elevator but the door had already closed. Instead, I froze. Feet glued to the cement, I stared at him, taking in the details so I could report them to the police later.
     Height: A good six inches taller than me, maybe six-one.
     Distinguishing characteristics: The aforementioned scraggly brown hair, a stubble of beard on his jaw, a nose that cast a long shadow, and an arrogant grin on his bony face.
     He looked at me with dark eyes, broadcasting danger. Muscle by muscle, he turned his grin into a broad challenging smile. 
     Trying to look confident, I strode over to my mini-van, pretending I hadn’t seen him. The whole time I felt his eyes on me, watching.
Still shaking, I grabbed the car door opener and pressed it. The lock sprang open and I climbed in. I pushed the first button on the armrest, clicking all the doors into the locked position before starting my vehicle.
      I didn’t know what to do next. If I took off, he’d see my license plate number for sure. The good news was that I’d seen the murderer and memorized his face. The bad news was he’d had an opportunity to do the same with me. That’s when I realized I done something really stupid. I’d let the murderer see me get into a car parked in our company slot. That idea sent goose bumps up and down my body. 
     He nodded his head and smiled, and started to write something on the envelope. I hoped it wasn’t my license plate number. No doubt he’d figured out I could finger him. Just like that, I’d become number one on his List of Dangerous Drawbacks. He knew it and I knew it. 
     He reached into his pocket. 
    Sweat dripped off my face. Did he have a gun or some other kind of weapon?
     What had I gotten myself into this time?
     Police sirens screamed outside and I felt like screaming myself. “Stay calm,” I heard myself say, although I didn’t have any control over my emotions by then.
    The sirens got closer and I ducked my head down and pressed the panic button on my door opener. That set the horn beeping and the car lights flashing. It could attract the police. It might even make the murderer move his car so I could see his license plate number.
    I sneaked a peek and saw the murderer jump into his car, start his engine and back out without turning his lights on. I squinted through the dimly lit parking garage to see his Florida plate. I couldn’t tell if it contained 5’s or S’s or 8’s or 6’s. 
    He squealed out of the garage, leaving me behind.
    I banged the steering wheel with the heel of my hand. Not only did he know where I worked. He knew what car model I drove and might even have my license plate number.
    That made me a very loose end that he would no doubt have to tie.

If you liked this sample and want to buy the complete book, click on
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/86566
 

Copyright, 2012, Carolyn Chambers Clark & Anthony Auriemma
Smashwords Edition
This copy is for your personal use only.

FORENSICS BY THE NUMBERS

Chapter 1

In a trauma room at the end of the hall in the Emergency Department where the smells of disinfectant and sweat lingered, Jewel Connor stared at the horrifying photos. Each one jumped out at her, more disturbing than the last. The cigarette burn marks, black eyes, and bruises never got any easier to view. They always made her want to rip them into a million pieces and take a cigarette lighter to them, but that wasn't going to stop the men who did these terrible things. Yes, she dealt with the ugliness of sexual assault crimes every day, yet each new case made her stomach retch and her mind object with thoughts of revenge as if it were her first.
The bodies of women—ravaged, beaten, murdered—filled her every working day. It was getting harder and harder to keep her professional composure as they piled up in her mind, when she saw what they had endured. Yes, sometimes they survived, but she never forgot any of them. They wouldn't let her. Each night, they came to haunt her dreams. Ten years ago, when she'd completed her degree as a forensic nurse examiner, she'd vowed to help as many as she could and stop this string of violence, but the abused women just kept coming.
Jewel finished her report for her last forensic exam of the day, sent it off in an e-mail to her director, and sighed. Another day done and she still wasn't any closer to stopping these men who had no respect for women. Exhausted, she picked up her bag and left the medical center for home. 
In the dark October evening, rain slicked the streets outside New York City Hospital. Collar of her pink raincoat pulled up, sneakers soaked and feet chilled, she dashed to her mini-van.
Frightened faces of women she'd interviewed and examined that day filled her mind on the way home. They refused to leave her alone until an emergency announcement interrupted the classical music on the car radio and commanded her attention. 
"Drive with extreme caution," the man said in a well-trained announcer voice. "Stay off the roads if at all possible. A tornado is headed for uptown Manhattan."
Worry pricked the edges of her brain. She'd never been in a tornado, and she didn't plan on being in this one. Foot ground down on the gas pedal, her mini-van zoomed ahead. 
A night so many years ago, forced its way into her brain. It had been raining then, too. It took supreme effort for Jewel to push the images away. They'd been coming more often now, after so many years of lying dormant.
Downpours created rivers on the street, and lightning flashed. The sky looked as if it might crash down on her, fulfilling some kind of evil prophesy for what she'd done. 
High winds whirled leaves across the road and uprooted a tree half a block ahead. 
Heart thudding against her ribs, she jammed on the brakes to avoid hitting the car in front that had halted without warning. The sky went pitch black and trees rumbled and groaned as if they might snap. 
She stared blindly ahead while large branches broke off and hit cars, smashing windshields. Her fingers ached from squeezing the steering wheel as she strained to see the road.
Just past 5:30 p.m., a funnel cloud appeared in the sky, and then something exploded. A tree flew in front of her vehicle and banged into a car on the other side of the street. 
She made a shaky left turn onto a side street and headed away from the trees and the Hudson River. 
As quickly as it started, the storm ended. Blackness evaporated from the sky, turning it milk toast gray. Jewel breathed a sigh of relief and wiped the condensation off the inside of the windshield with a towel she kept on the floor of her mini-van.
Houses on either side of the street looked dark and abandoned. Either the storm had blown the power, or residents were too afraid to turn their lights on. A single candle lit the front window of a nearby brownstone building.
Burke would do something like that to light her way. Only, it would be burned out by the time she got there. She picked up her personal phone to call him, but before she could, her hospital cell phone buzzed, setting her nerves on edge again. When her boss's phone number popped up on the screen, she thought about not answering, but she couldn't do that to the needy woman Tracy must be calling about. 
Tracy had been director of the Sexual Abuse Response Team aka SART for ten years. Jewel had been onboard for all of them, and it was never easy.
Jewel couldn't get "hello" in before Tracy blasted her with information.
"Paramedics just brought another one in. I think you better come quick. She's hurt bad, but she's still alive. Barely. But brace yourself." Tracy's deep and demanding voice started to break up, indicating she was out of the area or the storm had hit her call zone. 
Jewel cleared her throat before she could speak. "Brace myself for what?" 
Tracy clicked off without another word and so did Jewel. So like Tracy to leave her hanging. She made a U-turn and headed north, wondering what this woman would look like, and what her story would be. Most of all, Jewel wondered whether she'd be up to whatever calamity awaited her.
In her work, a woman's body was the crime scene, and her job included collecting evidence off the victim, whether dead or alive, as well as documenting and taking pictures of injuries, and testifying in court. Sometimes, if she had to do a long and difficult interview with a victim, she spent five hours with one client. It was grueling work, but someone had to help these women.
Jewel glanced out the window. Out there, somewhere in the city, lived the men who did terrible things to women, leaving them too afraid of retaliation to fight back or press charges. 
She'd examined women of every age, class, race, religion, section of the city, sexual orientation, and personality group. Nearly one in three adult women in the city could wind up in Jewel's examining room at some time during their lives. They were the women she might have seen yesterday eating lunch at Planet Hollywood or shopping last week at Bloomingdale's. They were the women who should have been allowed to live their lives in safety, but had been stopped by violence.
Jewel met little traffic until she hit the FDR Drive. Headlights and skyscrapers behind her turned ghostlike in the rear view mirror. Ahead, taillights glittered like fire and ice. The black waters of the East River swirled to her right.
In her mind, she reviewed the long list of women she'd examined and counseled over the years. Each of their abusers used power and control as the main tactics, but lurking beneath that veneer was low self-esteem, refusal to accept responsibility for the violence, and the belief it was justified. What would be funny, if it weren't so ridiculous, was that many of them blamed the victim for causing the violence. And what was even stranger, except that Jewel understood it, was that the women forgave their attackers, and some even apologized, acting as if the battering or rape were their fault. 
But this man, the next one who had battered and maybe raped the woman now lying on a stretcher in New York City Hospital, what kind would he be? Would he be a stranger to the woman, someone he'd picked at random to discharge his violence on? Or maybe he'd stalked her because she'd irritated him in some way. He could even be the sadistic type who got aroused by hurting women. 
The shadowy figure of a man from her past arose in her mind, and she vowed to help the next woman, the one she was on her way to examine. The one she would help find the strength to stay alive to confront her attacker in court. 
She picked up her phone again and clicked on Lt. Graham's number. When her SART partner didn't answer, she left him a message to meet her at the hospital. She'd asked for a different partner at least twice and was given the runaround. The conclusion was simple. They didn't like each other much, but they were on the same team, and that was that. 
The exit for 96th Street loomed ahead. She took it and proceeded to 97th Street and First Avenue. The hospital's emergency lights were the only ones on in the block. An ambulance pulled up to the ER entrance, siren at full tilt. 
Jewel parked in the employee's lot and hurried past a CBS News van. The vultures were here already, feeding off the suffering of others, ready to ask stupid questions she had no answers for. Head down, the collar of her raincoat turned up around her ears, she didn't look up. The battered woman, whoever she was, must be famous. That, or someone else capable of making headlines had been admitted. 
Whatever adrenaline still lingered inside her bubbled up and hit her nerves like a caffeine rush. She had to get inside, save the woman, and find out who'd hurt her. Three simple things. Three possibly impossible things. 

***

Jewel slid her camera out of her bag, stepped around the other scrub-dressed staff in the cramped trauma room to get a better view. Despite the blood and swelling on the victim's face, Jewel froze. 
Sara Jenkins, the District Attorney, Jewel's best friend, lay on the stretcher, motionless, connected to monitors. 
Sara widened her eyes before a gradual glimmer of recognition took over. Even that slight movement made her irises fade to dead leaf brown. Her blonde hair, once so shiny and beautiful, clung in greasy and bloody clumps around her face. Her fingers hung off the sheet at odd angles, fractured. 
"Sara," Jewel whispered, reaching out to hold her friend's hand, then pulling back, remembering she must not compromise the crime scene anymore than the medical staff may have already. Tears swelled behind her eyes, but she sniffed them back, not wanting to distress Sara even more. 
Jewel searched Sara's face. How little she knew about her best friend's social life. Sara could be involved with a jealous man who couldn't measure up to her power and took it out on her. Or, it could be someone she'd sent to prison who was now back in the city, ready to take his revenge. 
To keep her composure and do her job, Jewel studied the six rows of horizontal cuts across Sara's forehead and cheeks and another six across her chest that gleamed in the overhead fluorescent lights. Ligature marks around her neck and the deep and bloody gouges cutting in around her wrists and ankles shouted torture. It all looked too perfect, almost artistic. 
Jewel whispered to her friend what she was about to do, and then gently extracted bloody tissue from underneath two of Sara's fingernails that could contain her attacker's DNA. 
Sara's heart monitor beeped in steady pulsating sounds, the IV dripped into her arm, and somebody splinted her fractured fingers before staff started disappearing, their work done. Jewel continued taking pictures and looking for possible evidence of Sara's attacker, while keeping one eye on the monitors. 
A deep voice came over the speakers and filled the room. “GSW coming in.” 
“Third gunshot wound tonight.” The only staff left, a brunette nurse with kind eyes, whom Jewel had worked with before, reached up to replace Sara's drained IV packet. “Have to go next door, Jewel. Rap on the glass window if you need me.” She stripped her gown and gloves into a container by the door and left. 
“Franny. Wait. I need you to witness.” The door thudded shut and Jewel's heart took a dive as she pulled the flimsy privacy curtain around the stretcher. Everything had to be done according to procedure or risk letting Sara's brutal attacker get off on a technicality. 
When she stared into Sara's almost unrecognizable face again, Jewel gulped back anger, and a shadowy image of a man formed in her mind. Don't go there. She took out her cell phone. 
The message she sent to Lt. Graham this time was less polite. "Come to Trauma Room One. Now!" Wondering if he was delayed or just trying to irk her on purpose, she realized she was going to have to do this one her own, and yanked a pocket tape recorder out of her bag. He was never available when she needed him. Maybe he never got the message or forgot to recharge his cell. What an infuriating man.
 It took Jewel a minute to get her composure back. Counting to ten didn't help, but saying the Pledge of Allegiance did. That little distraction had worked for her since grade school. She took a deep breath, turned her recorder on, and prepared to dictate. Machines were better than people sometimes, if they didn't break down. At least, they didn't forget.
 “October 25, 8:15 p.m., this is Jewel Connor, forensic nurse examiner, interviewing District Attorney Sara Jenkins in Trauma Room One, New York City Hospital. The patient was tied up, brutally beaten, and cut. She is weak, but stable." Jewel's voice cracked on the words, brutally beaten, as she struggled to keep her emotions out of her voice.
She looked into Sara's eyes and tried to put compassion in her voice when she asked. "Do you know who attacked you?"
The DA blinked twice and sighed. Eyes squinting, she searched the ceiling from right to left as if she was trying to remember. “No. Came from behind.” 
“Could you tell if was a man or a woman?” Ninety-nine percent of the time it was a man, but she had to ask the question.
“Man.” 
Now for some easy ones, things she might be able to remember no matter how horrifying the beating. “Did you hear his voice or smell cigarette smoke or aftershave?” 
Sara tightened her cheeks and searched Jewel's face. "Raspy voice. No smells."
Of course not. Why did she even ask that? If he was behind her, she wouldn't be able to smell him. She never made mistakes like that with strangers. She was just too involved with this case. Her boss should have known that. Jewel should have known it.
She exhaled hard and tried again. "When and where did this happen? 
“Saturday. Outside my apartment.” 
“Did he have a car?” 
“Dark. New.” Sara moaned and lines of tension increased around her mouth. 
“Enough questions for now. Take a rest.” Jewel clicked off the recorder and pulled the curtain tighter around the gurney. 
When she heard the click of the outside door opening and closing, she froze, then forced herself to take a quick peek out from behind the curtain that revealed no one. 
Nerves. She'd been fighting them all day. They were nothing to what the female population of New York City would have once they found out the horrible things that had happened to their district attorney. 
Sara was well-known and well-liked by many of them, and it wouldn't be a big jump in logic to picture themselves in jeopardy. Especially after the press splashed Sara's face all over their front pages. Poor Sara. If she thought the humiliation was over, she better think again. It could be just starting, unless Jewel found a way to stop it. Graham could help. If he ever showed up. 
Pulse throbbing in her forehead, Jewel yanked on a set of clean gloves and took hair and fluid samples. She crouched down to get a better look at Sara. The injuries looked vaguely familiar, but she wasn't sure why. 
To keep Sara warm, she settled a clean gown and blanket over the top portion of her body before grabbing a rape kit. She'd completed this part of the exam hundreds of times, but never on a colleague, and that made it personal.
Jewel clicked the tape recorder back on. “I need to find out something else from you. Did he rape you?” She put as much compassion into her voice as possible, but it was a lousy question either way. 
Tears slid down Sara's cheeks. She shrugged and stared up at the ceiling. 
“I'm really sorry. I hate to ask, but I need you to answer that question.” 
“Don't think so.” 
“Have you had sexual intercourse in the last twenty-four hours?” 
“No.” 
“That's all the questions for now. I'll do a pelvic exam on you and be as gentle as I can.” Halfway through, she picked up a special magnifying camera and stared at the vaginal and rectal tissue, trying to detect any micro-trauma invisible to the human eye. 
To make sure, she took more swabs. “I don't see any bumps, notches, or scarring. I don’t think you were raped, but the lab tests will show more.” 
Sara stared straight ahead, giving no outward response. 
Jewel glanced down at her colleague. Not like Sara to give no reply, but the trauma she'd endured would blunt anyone's reactions. She went back to work, preparing samples, writing only a tracking number on each item. When she finished, she stashed each paper bag in the locked drop box with the others to hand to her police department partner whenever he showed up. She pulled down Sara's gown and gently tucked the blanket around the rest of her body. 
Sara sniffed and started to sob. Big tears streamed down her face and her body shook. 
Jewel put a hand on her colleague's shoulder. 
A pleading look on her face, Sara inched her hand out to touch Jewel's arm and mouthed three words. “Find out who.” 
“I will. I promise.” 
Sara slackened her hold on Jewel's arm, eyes already closing. 
The monitor beeped in rapid succession. 
Sara went into cardiac arrest. 

***

While Rebecca and other staff ran into the room and began resuscitation efforts, Jewel stood back, watching, not believing what happened. Unable to stand by any longer, she grabbed a thumb-sized camera from her pocket and took pictures of Sara’s wounds. It was so much easier to focus on work than on Sara's condition.
Jewel needed the photos in case the staff, in their zeal to help, wiped away important evidence. Camera gripped tight in her hands, she snapped Sara from various angles, careful not to interrupt the team of nurses and doctors at work trying to revive Sara. She moved forward for close-ups of Sara’s neck, hands, ankles and stab wounds that she'd incorporate into her computer-generated report.
Jewel hurried to the corner and a waiting computer. She clicked on Traumagram Report and started processing in the wound sizes, shapes, appearances and locations, using readily recognized anatomic landmarks. 
"BP eighty over fifty," Rebecca shouted, a tone of impending doom in her voice.
The medical resident scowled before he injected a syringe full of liquid into Sara’s IV.
"BP dropping," Rebecca shouted. “She’s bleeding out.”
The medical resident prepared to shock Sara’s heart. "Call surgery and alert the chief resident up there. We’re sending her up."
Rebecca grabbed the IV bag that dripped into Sara’s arm, and helped push the gurney out the door. 
Jewel desperately wanted to follow the DA in surgery, but her job lay here. For now.
“Wait,” she almost shouted, then realized it was too late. She hadn’t obtained a consent form from Sara. 
That would have to come later. 
Alone in the room, Jewel zeroed in on the pile of clothes, bent down, and picked up the garments the staff had cut off Sara’s body so they could work on her. Each piece of fabric contained evidence that could place Sara at the scene of the crime and maybe even identify her attacker.
Jewel set a sheet of clean white paper over each stain to avoid cross-contamination, and then gently put each item in a separate paper bag. She labeled each item and wrote the date and her name on the outside. 
Good thing she’d taken the photos. In time, and certainly after surgery, Sara’s wounds would change character. By then important evidence could be lost. That, she couldn't allow to happen. Not now, not ever.
She pushed open the door, exited the trauma room, and almost ran right into Lt. Graham. Tall, muscular, whiskers on his chin, a sneer hovering on his lips, protruding eyes shadowed by thick brows; she'd know him anywhere. 
"Where have you been, Graham?"
His eyes glinted with humor. "Doing my job. And you?"
That egotistical expression on his face just about did it, but chain of evidence must be maintained. Even if it had to be with a jerk.
Graham grabbed the evidence and looked like he was going to leave. Then he turned around and said, “There’s something you should know.” 
Her heart stopped. “What?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know why the murderer didn’t finish off the job.”
“Maybe he got interrupted,” Jewel said.
“Maybe. Or, maybe he's just toying with us.”
While her heart pounded, Jewel stared at him. Panic worked its way up her spine. She opened her mouth, and then closed it again.
“Don’t worry. We’re going to catch the murderer before anyone else gets hurt.”
“Yes, you are, and I’m going to help.” 
His jaw formed a tight line of determination, and his eyes flashed with anger. “Like hell you are!”
Even though her heart raced, she made sure her voice stayed cool and controlled when she next spoke. “Sara's my friend, and I’m not giving up on this.” 
Before he could answer, she dashed down the hall and caught the next elevator to surgery. When she reached the sixth floor, she started to scrub her hands and arms at the sink outside Sara's surgical suite. In her mind, she went over the cases she’d testified for in court. People who might want revenge. She’d authenticated evidence, collected and verified the chain of custody for several murderers. Which one could have done this to Sara?
By the time she’d pulled on a gown and opened the door to Sara’s operating room, the surgical team had finished and Jewel still had no answers.
“What happened?” she said, stopping a medical intern on his way out. The poor kid looked about ready to faint. 
“She died before they could stop her bleeding,” he said, his voice quavering.
A burst of outrage snaked its way across Jewel’s stomach. "No! That can't be."
The intern shrugged. 
Now there would be no stopping her. She vowed to find Sara's twisted killer.
END OF CHAPTER 1
If you liked what you read, purchase the full novel at https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/86285
                                                             
 
 
ARMED AND DANGEROUS
 
Copyright Carolyn Chambers Clark, 2012, 2013
 
Chapter 1
 
Fifty-nine minutes and counting...
That knowledge sped through Captain Caitlin Stanwyck's brain, spurring her on to drive faster up the New Jersey Turnpike. Dressed in black leather pants and jacket, Caitlin hunkered down into her motorcycle seat and roared down the road toward the Lincoln Tunnel. 
Mission: stop the terrorists. She'd been on many difficult assignments, but none as dangerous as this one. Behind her somewhere was a car filled with armed assailants, determined to stop her.
The rest of her team was dead, killed along the way. They'd risked their lives to stop the terrorists. She mourned for every one of them, but if she didn't keep her mind on the job, she might not survive either. 
Tough it out, girl. You've got to do this. Show them that a woman can head up an anti-terrorist team and be successful. Her breath exploded out of her mouth as she vowed to get to Manhattan on time.
She glanced in her side mirror and spotted a flash of white for the third time. Her backup had to be somewhere. He'd better show himself soon or she'd have to handle everything herself. 
She swore and hit the push-to-talk radio on her handlebar. "Black Panther to Station Center. White Hummer following. No front license plate. See what you can find out." 
The foul smell of lethal chemicals from refineries and storage tanks along the way forced its way up her nose and made her throat burn. A sense of doom started in her stomach, but she pushed it away. 
"Roger, Black Panther," the male voice from military intelligence answered. "Hummer or not, find a way to get to New York." 
Easy for you guys to say. You're tucked away in a secure building high atop the city. I'm out here, exposed, alone. 
Caitlin accelerated and squealed her motorcycle around a curve. She knew the stakes. The crazy terrorist would blow up the biggest chemical tank on the turnpike if she didn't deliver the money on time.
The rotors of a low-flying helicopter punctuated the air with flat, chopping sounds. 
She wove in and out of traffic to elude the light that shone down from the chopper. 
 Caitlin gave the radio button an angry tap. "Get that copter out of here."
"Roger, Black Panther. Could be Turnpike Police. We'll tell them it's a matter of national security."
 "Tell 'em whatever you like, just get them out of here." Caitlin took a deep breath and told herself to stay calm. She'd be no good to anyone if she let her temper rule her brain. Up ahead, the entrance to the tunnel loomed dark and mysterious. 
 Halfway there. 
Caitlin squinted into her side mirror.
The white Hummer inched closer. 
She swerved around a car parked at the pay booth, and headed her cycle into the blackness. 
Sweat rolled down her face and her lungs burned even more in the exhaust-filled tunnel. She gripped the handlebar and cranked the throttle up a notch. The sounds of traffic reverberated in her ears and echoed in the tube that ran under the murky Hudson River. 
 Damn that Keller. Did he ever get anywhere on time? "Black Panther to Station Center. Need backup." 
After a pause, the male voice answered. "Intel says he should be there by now."
"Your tracking info is wrong!" She surged forward, zoomed around two cars, and sped ahead.
 In front of her, a car squealed to a halt before it almost jack-knifed into a truck. 
Heart feeling as if it was going to explode in her chest, Caitlin swerved into the other lane and missed a pileup by inches. She accelerated and zoomed her cycle back into her lane, almost into the rear end of a bus.
A quick glance in the side mirror showed her not her backup, but the Hummer. 
The driver smashed into the cars in front of it and shoved them out of the way, heading right for her. 
Gasping for breath, Caitlin accelerated and so did they. 
Two men hung out of windows, weapons trained in her direction. 
Bullets whizzed past her and ricocheted off the stone walls of the tunnel. One screamed past her shoulder, nearly hitting its target. 
A smoke grenade whizzed through the air over her head. Startled, she zoomed out of the way. The weapon landed with a bang in the truck bed in front of her, and belched bright red smoke out of the back of the vehicle. 
Dust clouds settled over her, making it impossible to see or breathe. 
Caitlin dropped back and shoved a finger against the radio button. "Black Panther to Station Center. Still no Keller. Shot at from behind and smoked out from in front."
"Roger, Black Panther. Help's on the way."
"No time to wait. Over and out." She slid her powerful and penetrating .357 revolver out of her belt
Desperate, she shoved the handgun under her arm, glanced into the side mirror, took aim, and squeezed off four shots at the Hummer.
Bullets escaped the chamber. One went through the windshield and another hit the radiator. The third bullet hit a gunman's hand and his weapon fell onto the cement. The fourth bullet hit the other gunman and his body sagged back into the Hummer.
Her cycle wavered. 
The gun slipped out of her fingers and sailed away. She tightened her grip on the handlebars and fought to regain balance. 
Stabilized, she picked up velocity and wove in and out of a dozen cars. 
Thud. Thud. The bullets made shocking impacts in her body as if a stick of dynamite went off in her shoulder and arm. The solid lead projectiles ate into skin and muscle and blazed with astonishing heat. Warm blood poured down her arm and hand.
Everything settled into slow motion and tingling sensations echoed and surged through her body. Control over her legs and arms ceased, and the bullets felt like knives twisting inside her. 
Her vision fogged and her hands slid off the handlebars. The cycle skidded across the pavement.
The last thing she heard was her own scream as she tumbled onto the cement in front of a bus. 
*
"Oh, hell! Send someone else to New York with the money. Those guys will take the million from whoever comes. Just make sure they meet the deadline," Major Rick Keller yelled into the microphone against his lips. "She's taken at least two bullets and spun off her bike. She's on the pavement in the tunnel without protection. Send in an ambulance with armed guards and O positive blood. And hurry." 
"Roger that, Dark Thunder."
Keller gripped the handles of his motorcycle and shifted into high gear. 
"Go get the captain," came the reply from Intel Central.
"Roger and out." The rest of the decisions were his and he had no intention of letting some ambulance driver make them.
Belching a gray cloud of smoke, a bus came up fast behind Caitlin. 
Keller watched in horror.
At the last second, the bus driver jammed on the brakes and squealed to a halt, effectively stopping traffic in one direction..
Sighing with relief, Keller said, "Hold on, Princess. I'm coming."
Almost there. Keller sucked in his breath and smacked his booted foot on the pedals. One down, one to go. He held the handle bars in a choking grip and accelerated. He made a quick U-turn and headed directly at the car coming right at him from the other direction. 
The driver jammed on the brakes and squealed to a stop two inches from Keller's bike and less than two feet from Caitlin. 
Jumping off his vehicle, Keller held up his hand in thanks and kicked out the bike stand, leaving the car nowhere to go except straight through his bike.
Keller ran over to Caitlin, kneeled down, and cradled her head in his arms. "It's okay, Princess. You're going to be okay." He placed two fingers against her blood-covered throat. He held his breath and waited for a beat to pulsate in his fingers. She was young and strong, but even he hadn't believed she'd survived this.
A faint pulse beat beneath his fingertips. It wasn't much. At first he thought he was just dreaming he felt it, but then the pulsation continued. Yes, she was still alive.
"Oh, no." But she wouldn't be if he didn't do something, and fast. He stared at the blood spurting from an artery in her arm. If the ambulance didn't get here soon, she would bleed to death. He released her head from his arms and concentrated on her arm, applying pressure on her wounds to stop the bleeding. 
She moaned.
He couldn't let her know how fragile her condition was. "It's okay. You're stable. The ambulance is almost here."
As if by magic, the sound of a siren reached his ears and he looked up to see the ambulance trapped far back in the line of cars, but coming up fast in the open space in the other lane.
Their jobs in military intelligence were highly dangerous. On any given day, either one or both of them could die. It was the adrenaline rush now pounding through his body that drove him. He had no idea what drove Caitlin. Whatever did, it kept her fear at bay. Neither one could let whatever happened on their assignments interrupt their ability to think clearly in a crisis. Relief that help was on the way threaded through his terror at what he saw when he looked at her. 
When he could not wait any longer for the ambulance to arrive, he picked her up in his arms and ran in the direction of the siren. "Get an IV and blood started," he yelled, just in case the paramedic could hear him. Gripping her tightly to him, he used one hand to apply pressure to her wounds. She had to survive. She just had to. 
*
Six months later
Washington, DC
 
Icy fingers of suspicion crawled up Caitlin’s back at the crowded Washington DC diplomatic party. Six months ago, she'd been a total wreck, lying in a military hospital, trying to recover from her wounds after being shot in the Lincoln Tunnel. She'd recovered from that horrendous event, at least physically, but she still didn't like to think about it.
At that moment, other thoughts consumed her. Which of the guests might know the whereabouts of her missing friend, Sun Lu, or might even have killed her? If I could only return to active duty, I'd find out what really happened.
For now, until Headquarters gave her the go ahead, she’d have to be content enlisting foreign dignitaries as U.S. agents. Caitlin smoothed the silk skirt of her long white gown. The garment shimmered in the chandeliered lights, and clung to every curve of her five-foot-six-inch frame. 
She worked her way around the buffet table, noticing the expressions of approval from all the men in the room, but acknowledging none of them. 
Tonight she planned to remain all business. She piled desserts on her plate and inquired about the health of the Ambassador from Somalia. Inside, she fought off the constant thoughts that if it weren’t for a certain major, who would remain nameless, she might even have saved Sun Lu.
Caitlin’s internal radar flipped to full alert when her target for the evening, the assistant to the President of Zimbabwe, a man known for his attraction to young women, stepped into the line at the buffet table. 
She opened her mouth to speak when a familiar voice intruded. 
"I’ve got important information for you, Princess." That low, smooth, resonant voice could belong to only one person.
Even without the words, she’d know Keller anywhere. Despite her anger at him, a tingle of excitement raced through her body. He stood so close to her she felt his breath warm and intoxicating on her neck. 
What was he up to now? It didn’t matter. She could do nothing but smile at his compelling blue eyes, and his ruggedly handsome face and all that blond hair. It gleamed like spring wheat. How did he do that? Each hair stayed in perfect place while her rebellious shoulder-length curls strayed out onto her forehead and cheek.
“I have information for you.” This time, his words carried more insistence, and passion surged in his eyes, making him look so truthful, she almost believed him. 
Maybe he really did have something important to tell her, but she doubted it. She still had to find out. He did outrank her. Without hesitation, she took Keller's arm and they strolled across the polished wood floor. 
They passed smiling dignitaries from many countries who chatted about world affairs or nibbled hors d’oeuvres. In the corner, a string quartet seated by a red velvet curtain played Mozart.  
 It seemed terribly civilized, but underneath, deception swirled. She sneaked a peek in Keller’s direction. He looked dashing and bold in his tuxedo. He’d survived a record number of life-threatening missions, escaping with only a small scar on his jaw that only added to his allure. 
The man had a talent for appearing out of nowhere in such a charming way, that sometimes he actually took her breath away. Like right then.
Tormented by confusing emotions, she struggled to compose herself. "What's your information, Keller? And hurry up, I don't have all night."
He slid his hands into his jacket pocket. "I seem to have run out of cigarettes." 
"What?" She gawked at him. "You don't even smoke."
He shrugged and grinned. "I guess that's not such a problem then, is it?"
"I don't get it." She so wanted to slug him. Or pull him into a nearby closet and…
"Don't you realize we're being watched and I can't tell you what I have to tell you? Do I have to point them out?"
She glanced at the Ambassador to Chile and the Under Secretary of Transportation for Iceland who'd both turned to stare at them. "Of course you don't have to point them out. Where can we go?"
"I'll show you, and it wouldn't hurt if you smiled about now so people think we're not so damn serious." He urged her forward.
She forced a smile and felt his muscular strength, inhaled his clean, woodsy scent. 
He gazed at the men and women in formal attire and then at her gown. "This is a much better look for you than the leather pants and whip."
She burst into laughter and hit him on the arm. "Wise ass. You always knew how to make me laugh. One of your good traits. One of your few good traits."
He smiled. "Touché. Do you like this assignment?”
"I love it." No, she hated signing up foreign agents. She missed her motorcycle. She missed the excitement. Most of all, she needed the danger. Not that she’d ever tell him that.
"So, who’s your target tonight? Are you after that opera singer from Rome with the hair piece? Or perhaps the businessman from Nicaragua who's dating one of the male singers from that new Disney group? They shouldn’t give you too much resistance." His voice had a playful quality as if he thought their work was just a game.  
"My target is none of your business.” 
Amusement flickered in his eyes. "We’re supposed to cooperate, not work at odds, Captain."   
She agreed with him about the cooperation, and no matter how she tried to fight it, his voice seethed with so much raw sexuality he made her pulses race. "You're so right. Let’s not let our feelings enter into this."
Let feelings enter? That’s just what she wanted. Let him plead for forgiveness, get down on his knees and beg. For what? Her love? Her body? Both?
In that instant, she couldn’t be sure. Maybe she wanted him to desire her above every other beautiful woman. Just her. Only her.
She searched his eyes for some sign of honest reaction. 
He squeezed her fingers. "You still listen to that Billy Joel tape?" 
"What Billy Joel tape?"
"You tell me the name of it. Your father used to go rip it out of the recorder after you'd played it about a hundred times."
"I remember now. 'River of Dreams.' Why do you want to know?" 
"I'd like to borrow it and scare the pigeons off my roof."
She fought off a smile. "Very funny."
"Sorry, but I had to lighten you up somehow. We're still being watched."
"This is my show and I’ll thank you to stay out of it." She pulled him behind a cupid fountain. "Enough fooling around. Tell me what you’re doing here."
 He let a cryptic smile play across his lips. “I’m here about your friend from intelligence school. The one who's missing. You know, the one who saved your life?"
Her heart already raced. Upon hearing his news, it did double time. The dryness in her mouth made speaking impossible.
She swallowed and slid her tongue over her lips. "Sun Lu?" 
"Yes, Sun Lu." He stared at her. His eyes sparked with interest as they trailed down the smooth expanse of her skin. 
She shoved back her impatience and let out a deep breath.
"Aren't you going to ask me for the password?" He brought his lips so close they almost touched hers. In that moment she felt his breath spreading across her face, hot and demanding.
She whisked two champagne glasses off the tray from a passing waiter and handed one to Keller.
He clinked his glass against hers and narrowed his eyes in that way of his that made her feel simultaneously a naïve sixteen and a woman-of-the-world twenty-nine. "Are you sure it’s safe here?" 
"Safe as you'll ever be considering what you do for a living. Now give me the password."
The teasing went out of his voice and he uttered the correct words. 
She gave the expected response before saying, "Tell me what you have. And remember, I want information not disinformation."
"Not here.” He glanced around the room. “Meet me in the back booth at your favorite restaurant in thirty minutes.
She reminded herself this was just another of his games. "Why should I meet you anywhere, let alone a restaurant that is probably on my dossier and available to pretty much anyone who might want to steal the information. It’s safer here and less complicated."  
He grinned and his face settled into a warm, amused expression. "I thought you liked cloak-and-dagger. Remember when you were thirteen and you used to flirt with me in your father's den?"
Her face blazed. "I did no such thing. I was trying to pick up tips on military intelligence from you and my dad." She straightened the front of her gown, and pointed to the French doors. "This is not the time or the place for reminiscence. Wait for me outside on the verandah. I'll make a phone call. If you are on a mission to bring me information, I'll meet you there. If not, you'll be in jail before you know it."
"I love a woman who pulls rank." He raised his glass in a toast and took a long drink before he set it on the fountain ledge. "Even when it’s not hers to pull." Before she could say another word, he bowed and disappeared in the direction she'd indicated.
She hurried into the rest room at the head of the stairs and locked the door behind her, determined to find out if Keller lied about Sun Lu.
Her mobile phone glinted up from her beaded purse. She dialed Headquarters, then reconsidered and found a secure line in the office down the hall.
Within minutes she spoke a coded message that connected her with a computer, and received a response to her question. “That information is classified.” 
“Anything else I can help you with tonight, Captain?” 
“Yes. Was Major Keller out of the country recently?”
He paused. “Possibly, but I’m not at liberty to say where.”
She thanked him, replaced the phone on the desk and left. If Keller had taken part in her friend's disappearance, she owed it to Sun Lu to find out.

End of Chapter 1
If you liked what you read, you can read a description of the rest of the novel and/or purchase the ebook at https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/105695


