


About the Book

A second attempt to hold the previously abandoned celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika, Toby, Courtney and Ollie ends once again in catastrophe. There are accusations all round, but who is innocent and who is being set up? Janika wants to help sort out the innocent from the guilty, because she’s about to be arrested for a crime she didn’t commit. And Courtney is suspended from the CID.
Amabelia Flores, who is opening a small flower shop just up the road from Button Up, is suspected of giving false evidence about Janika to the police. But why would she do that? What harm has Janika done to her? And when Janika looks into the florist’s background, she discovers a suspicious past ‒ or is there something important that she has yet to discover?
Janika and Courtney hold their own investigation into the accusations which are the subject of two separate police enquiries, and try to find the connection. Toby Walton? Fortunately for Janika, he’s still hanging in there ‒ for now. Then their investigation takes them all to the edge of disaster.

Cards Shards and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #5
by
Lizzie Lewis ©2022
This eBook ISBN: 978-1-913950-75-0
Also available as a paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-913950-76-7
Published by
White Tree Publishing
Bristol
UNITED KINGDOM
wtpbristol@gmail.com
Full list of books and updates on
https://whitetreepublishing.com

Cards Shards and Danger is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this abridged edition.

Table of Contents

Cover
About the Book
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Epilogue
The Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance Series
The Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery Series
About White Tree Publishing




Chapter 1

My diary is just about empty for the next few days. The only proper job on my books is next Tuesday at a large detached house five miles out of town on the Brevelstone road. The owner, the sole occupant called Nigel Frampton, is a rather unusual man in his fifties. He’s convinced that aliens are landing in his garden at night.
He wants me to set up a camera so he can prove it to the police. The police, it seems, are not totally convinced by his reports. His words! I guess I should be visiting his doctor rather than the man. But if it helps him to have a camera set up, I’ll do it for him. And I’ll make my hourly rate clear. I might not be over-busy, but I don’t intend to waste my time.
The only reason I’m prepared to go along with this nonsense is the possibility of earthbound intruders in his garden who are up to no good. The man seems rather vulnerable, and whoever the intruders are – assuming there are any – they might be planning something unpleasant.
But that’s next Tuesday, and between now and then the big event will be tomorrow at Parke’s, by far the poshest restaurant in town ‒ and reputed to be the most expensive. Having been there a couple of times with Piers Pillinger for morning coffee, and also for the disastrous celebratory meal for four, I can’t argue with that. We had to pay for our meals, but never got round to eating them!
I’m sitting in the window of my upstairs office, scratching around at my usual breakfast of muesli, when something interesting catches my eye further up the road. My office is above the Button Up coffee shop owned jointly by Abi Wells and Melanie Donovan.
I’ve only been here a few months, and I’m still waiting for business to pick up, especially clients who are able to pay, rather than clients taking advantage of my soft nature to offer to work for them pro bono.
What has captured my interest is activity at the old tobacconist’s shop a bit further up, on the opposite side of the road, next to the launderette that I use for major items like bedding and towels. Underwear goes in the kitchen sink. That’s better than sitting with strangers while they watch my undies going round in the machine.
There are very few retail shops in the road. Most of the shops have been turned into offices. That helps Button Up for customers, but doesn’t do much to the neighbourhood generally.
The tobacconist’s shop has been empty for as long as I’ve been here, and Abi says it’s been empty for more than two years. Although Button Up is only on two floors, it is a slightly later addition to the road, where nearly every premises has three floors.
I knew the building was sold, and Abi says she’s heard that a florist has bought it. It has separate living accommodation on the two floors above, and the florist will shortly be setting up business. “Shortly” looks like now.
I knew Abi at school when she was Abi Button, and she is now my landlady – although I’m sure she wouldn’t want to be known by that title. Like most of us, she wants to be seen as perpetually young.
My office is combined with a very small studio flat, or what I still think of as a bedsit. The office is the larger part of the floor area, with two windows overlooking the road directly outside. It has the two small leather armchairs. I’m sitting next to one of the two large windows with a good view of the road. The other window is more or less taken up with a large board advertising my business, the Button Up Detective Agency, run by me, Janika Jones.
I’m so distracted by what’s happening at the tobacconist’s shop that I almost forget how boring my muesli is. I know I can mix bits and pieces with it, but I’m trying to cut down on sugar. By cut down, I’m ignoring the fact that shortly below in Button Up coffee shop I’ll be having an apple Danish or something similar, along with a large cappuccino. At least I don’t take sugar in the cappuccino, which is just as well because I have several every day.
The sign writers who made my large sign with my business name in my office window have their van parked partly on the pavement outside the shop. I’m wondering who the new florist is going to be. Abi isn’t sure, but she thinks it’s a woman about our age, early thirties. I’m assuming Abi is right, because if anyone wants to know what’s going on in the neighbourhood, she’s the one to go to!
I must get chatting to the florist as soon as she opens for business. Several of the shops here in Craidlea have agreed to put my black and gold flyers and/or business cards on their counters. They’ve been responsible for bringing me business – and occasional danger.
I’m going to hold on and not go down to Button Up yet for my caffeine fix. I can see what’s happening much better from up here. The sign writers are removing a large board from the back of their van. It says AMABELIA FLORES. Is Amabelia an Italian or a Spanish name?
I was born Janika Bartol, here in Craidlea, but changed my name from Bartol to Jones when I married Sam. Hence Janika Jones, private detective ‒ trained private detective with a certificate on the wall. Sam was a gorgeous detective constable with Brevelstone CID. And that was a marriage that worked well ‒ until the drugs gang Sam was helping investigate realised he was getting too close to the leadership, and decided to murder him.
I nearly choke on my last spoonful of muesli. If the shop is going to be a florist, shouldn’t that be FLOWERS? Well, Amabelia, whoever she is, is going to be in for a shock when she stands back and reads it. Of course, if she’s Italian or Spanish, maybe she wrote out what she wanted and didn’t know how to spell Flowers! I sincerely hope not.
But if it is the sign writers’ mistake.... I hurry to my other window and lift my own sign away so I can read it clearly. What if it says BUTTON UP DEFECTIVE AGENCY? It would explain why people passing by don’t call in on an impulse. I’m online, but most of my clients seem to have picked up a flyer or card from a local business.
To my great relief I’m a Detective Agency, not a Defective Agency. Well, I think Flores has something to do with flowers, so for the moment I’ll give the sign writers the benefit of the doubt, and relax on behalf of the florist.
I wonder if Abi has picked up on the activity further up the road. Time to go down and have a coffee in company, rather than making my own up here with my Nespresso machine ‒ good though that is. And I’ll possibly partake of one of the Button Up delicious pastries, and see if I’m the one to break the news of activity at the old tobacconist shop.
Of course Abi knows. She’s actually outside as I come out through my downstairs door to the road. The door is set back slightly, and Abi is standing in the recess, probably hoping not to be noticed by passers-by. Or perhaps by Amabelia Flores, if that really is her name.
“Seen enough?” I ask jokingly, as I put an arm around Abi.
She grins. “I told you it was going to be a florist,” she says triumphantly. “Anyway, come on in. There’s an empty table waiting for you.”
There’s always an empty table waiting for friends and family. It’s at the far end of the coffee shop, and has a permanent Reserved notice on it. It’s not exactly private, but all sorts of private conversations have gone on there, usually in lowered tones.
Pete Wilders, the twenty-year-old student is behind the service counter making a customer an Americano coffee. It’s quite early, and Melanie Donovan will still be dropping young Liam off at school. She’s usually here a bit before nine.
Melanie is Liam’s stepmum. She and Abi jointly own the café business. Abi used to be Button before she married Danny Wells, and Melanie was Melanie Upton before she married Steve Donovan. Hence the name of the coffee shop: Button Up.
“You think that’s her name?” Abi asks.
“The florist?”
Abi nods. “Sounds foreign to me.”
Since I’m half Polish ‒ English mother and Polish father ‒ I detect only curiosity in Abi’s question.
“Flores is Latin for flowers, I think,” I say. “So maybe her business name is a clever play on words. Not that I’ve ever met anyone called Amabelia. Get your phone out, Abi, and see where it comes from. My guess is it’s Italian or Spanish. Probably Italian, if Flores is meant to mean flowers.”
“Hold on a minute,” Abi says. “The rest of the sign is going up.”
Whatever Abi can see from where she’s sitting, it clearly isn’t enough. She stands up and darts towards the door, nearly tripping over the foot of a man sitting sideways in his chair. In my experience, men rarely know how to sit properly.
Naturally I feel compelled to keep Abi company. By the time I’ve caught her up, the foot has conveniently been withdrawn. Not many customers come in this early to sit down. It’s coffee and pastries to-go for office workers. Opposite Button Up is a shoe shop selling a range of not particularly fashionable shoes.
When I moved here I hoped that there would be lots of residents to keep me company, but it turns out that the few shops there are use the upstairs for storage, not accommodation.
Amabelia Flores, if that’s the woman’s name, might be planning to live above the shop. I hope so. I have high security doors and a good alarm, but that hasn’t stopped members of the drugs gang getting in ‒ the gang that my husband Sam was investigating. I became their target, because they believed I was hiding evidence that could convict them.
The two sign writers have already installed a sign below AMABELIA FLORES. It says, BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS FOR EVERY OCCASION
“Told you,” Abi says, probably forgetting she has already made the same point.
A young woman is standing outside, staring up at the sign. From the body language, I guess she’s approving. So Flores probably isn’t a misspelling of Flowers!
“Come on,” Abi says to me, “let’s see if I can enrol another customer. And perhaps one for you if she has a problem requiring a private investigator.”
“It’s a bit early‒‒‒‒” I start to say, but Abi is already crossing the road.
“She might need a coffee and a pastry,” I say as I catch up with Abi, “but it’s unlikely she needs anything investigating at this stage. The girl has only just appeared on the scene.”
I’m using the word girl advisedly. Abi still refers to us as girls. Girl or very young woman are acceptable terms.
The very young woman who is standing looking up at the signs seems to be about our age, so at least Abi got that right. She’s standing back slightly in the road, and smiles as she sees us approaching.
She has darkish skin and flowing, long black hair, so I was right in thinking she’s Italian or Spanish. Or maybe South American. I’m sure Abi will find out very quickly.

Chapter 2

Amabelia Flores, for she assures us that definitely is her name, has a strong Welsh accent, far from the southern Mediterranean accent I was expecting.
She seems pleased to see us, and when Abi invites her back to Button Up for a coffee and cake, on the house, she says she’ll be over in a few minutes. She has some display stands to assemble.
Abi turns to me. “Pete,” she says. Then she turns to Amabelia. “Pete isn’t required at Button Up at the moment, Amabelia,” she says. “Pete’s a young student with evening classes who works in the coffee shop. I’ll send him to help, or he could even do it all himself while you come across for a hot drink and refreshments. He’s quite handy.”
I’m assuming that Abi is telling the truth. I’ve no idea how handy Pete Wilders is, but probably Abi knows. I’m guessing she’s keen to get information out of Amabelia that she isn’t going to get standing here on the pavement.
“Don’t call me Amabelia,” the young woman says. “Everyone calls me Bella.”
The sign writers have finished, and seem anxious to move onto their next job. Bella thanks them, then turns to Abi. “I’m gasping for a hot drink,” she says. “I’m going to live directly above the shop, but I haven’t even started unpacking yet. Even if I could find my coffee stuff, the electricity isn’t being turned on until sometime after midday. Such is life, see.”
She pauses for a moment. “I’m waiting for furniture to arrive later this morning. And I may have found a tenant for the top floor. She’s coming at the end of the week to view. I’m not too optimistic. She wanted to know about all the stairs to the top floor..”
“Do you have anyone ... with you?” Abi asks. “You know, someone....”
Abi tells me to hurry back to the coffee shop and ask Pete to come over. That makes me wonder what questions Abi is going to be asking while I’m gone, but I’m sure she’ll pass on any interesting snippets of information, such as a husband or prospective boyfriend.
Melanie Donovan has just arrived, and Pete is standing idly watching while she serves the first of the early shoppers with a freshly squeezed orange juice. Pete smiles when I say why he’s needed to help Bella Flores, and says of course he’s happy to help. “How young is she?” he asks.
Since Pete is going steady, to use one of my mother’s expressions, with Hayley, I hope that doesn’t indicate a cooling off in that relationship. But when Pete hears that Bella is about the same age as me and Abi, there’s an immediate loss of interest. “Quite old then,” is his observation, and he keeps a straight face.
I explain to Melanie what’s happened. It seems she’s also noticed the florist starting to open up for business, and she tells Pete to hurry across.
I like Melanie. She’s a jolly sort of person in her mid forties who is much loved by the regulars. She’s not exactly a healthy advert for the coffee shop, because she is rather heavy. That’s being a bit blunt, but it’s true. She’s short and plump, but doesn’t eat much in the coffee shop as far as I can tell. But she probably makes up for it at home.
Young Liam, the ginger haired son of Steve Donovan who she inherited upon marriage, is quite small and thin. But I’m not going to ask who eats all the pies!
I explain what’s needed as I wander back to Bella’s shop with Pete. Then he starts to hurry. He seems keen to start construction work, and I’m keen to listen in on anything that Abi is saying to Bella, and vice versa. Those are two more Latin words. That’s about the only Latin I know, apart from flores meaning flowers. Oh, and et cetera, meaning ... et cetera. I think that’s Latin. ... And so is via.
Perhaps I know more Latin than I realise. And of course I’m fluent in Polish, having lived there since I was fifteen, before coming back after severe bullying, and a miscarriage caused by my then boyfriend Bruno Kamiński.
I’m about to join Pete at the florist’s, when I see Abi coming. She hurries me back to Button Up, and as soon as we’re inside she pulls me round the back to the stockroom.
“You’ll be interested to know Bella’s not married. She says she’s been too busy looking after her disabled mother who’s now dead. She’s uprooted from where she lived in Wales, and has come here to Craidlea to make a fresh start.”
“That’s exactly why I came here, only it was my husband who died. I wish her well,” I say. “Is this Bella’s first venture as a florist?”
Abi shakes her head. “She ran a market flower stall in her nearest town whenever she could get away, but she never developed it properly because she had to look after her mother. Her father was Italian and died when she was a baby, so she obviously can’t remember him. Anyway, she wants a fresh start. That’s all I know so far.”
“All? How could you find out all that in such a short time? No, don’t tell me. Your reputation precedes you, Abi.”
Abi just grins. Melanie comes round from behind the service counter and we have a quick gossip, before she returns to serve two early morning shoppers who have just come in, already carrying bags.
Bella is standing rather uncertainly in the doorway. Abi spots her immediately and almost drags her to the reserved table, probably hoping to get more information out of the poor girl.
It seems that Abi has met her match, as Bella starts to quiz her about the name Button Up, how long she and Melanie have been in business, and of course she’s fascinated by my work as a private detective. Well, she sounds fascinated, and it seems to be more than politeness.
Bella tells us a bit more about her flower shop, and how she has already made arrangements with a couple of suppliers, and she hopes to open up for business next Monday.
Apart from the two local garages selling flowers, there’s a very upmarket florist at the end of the High Street. I’m wondering how much business there will be round here, but before I can ask the question Bella gives the answer.
“You may wonder why I’m here by the offices, out of the main part of the town shops,” she says. “For one thing, I wanted to buy my own property, and not rent it. We lived in a small cottage beside a river at the foot of a Welsh mountain. When I say we, that’s my mother and me. I’ve already told you, Abi, I never knew my father. My mother told me he died in an accident, see. She never said where or how. Never. In fact, my knowledge of my family history is just about zero. It’s like it’s all a guilty secret.”
There’s a pause, which I think is just for Bella to get her mind together. But of course Abi jumps in. “So what got you to come here?”
Bella doesn’t seem fazed by the questioning. “The cottage was left to me, and of course it had to be valued for probate purposes. That’s when I was absolutely amazed by the high value the valuer put on it. Apparently, ancient wool weavers’ cottages like that are in high demand by people who want to retire somewhere in peace and quiet, with beautiful views. It was much too remote for me, and I always felt the villagers were giving me odd glances because of my Italian looks. So I put it on the market in an auction. People started bidding for it. Crazy amounts. The final bid was almost double the valuer’s original estimate.”
I glance at Abi, and to my relief it looks as though she’s not about to ask how much money it sold for.
“I can speak Welsh fluently. It’s what most of the villagers spoke, and of course in school all the lessons were in Welsh. So initially I scouted around some towns in Wales, but ended up here in England. This place seems ideal. I’ve got plenty of money put aside, so the business doesn’t have to be a roaring success from the word go.”
I nod. “That’s exactly like me," I say.
Bella and I seem to have quite a bit in common. Already I can see the makings of a good friendship. I’m sure she’ll take some of my flyers and cards, and of course I’ll recommend her business to my clients.
I’m not going to tell her about Sam’s murder yet. I’m not in any position to bare my heart at this moment. All the attention needs to be on Bella.
“You mentioned a possible tenant,” Abi says. “Someone you know?”
Bella shakes her head. “I put an advertisement in the local paper. I wanted a female, ideally someone about my age for friendship. Perhaps someone who could give me a hand from time to time in the shop if I ever get really busy. The only person who’s answered is a middle aged lady calling herself Miss Fairweather. She came with good references.”
“Emily Fairweather?” Abi asks. “Very tall and thin?”
Bella nods. “You know her?”
I'm expecting Abi to say that she’ll be handy for getting things off high shelves, but I've misjudged her.
“I knew she was looking for somewhere,” Abi says. “But I can’t imagine she’ll be able to manage all those stairs. She goes to our church, if it’s the woman I’m thinking of.”
“You go to church?” Bella asks in surprise.
Abi just nods. “What about you, Bella?”
Bella shakes her head. That makes something even more I have in common with Bella: a bereavement, new to the area, setting up a new business, and a background of not going to church.
My husband Sam went to church, and I sometimes went with him ‒ rather reluctantly ‒ but that was all. Abi, who is a keen churchgoer along with her husband and a couple of friends, persuaded me to try it out here in Craidlea.
The main attraction there for me was, and still is, Toby Walton. We’ve been seeing each other for some time. We recently had a misunderstanding when I thought he was guilty of a serious crime. He seems to have forgiven me for that, but I get the feeling that it’s left things a little chilly between us. Uncertain might be a better word.
I can see Pete coming back, frowning. Apparently he needs some guidance as to exactly what the finished display stands are meant to look like. The drawings aren’t very clear, and the vital bits of the assembly instructions are in Chinese-English. Bella jumps to her feet and assures us she’ll be back in a moment. She would like a large black Americano, please.
As soon as Bella has gone, I turn to Abi and smile. “I like her,” I say. “I think we’re sort of kindred spirits. British mother, foreign father, deciding to make a new life in a strange land – except of course I’d lived in England for my first fifteen years.”
At that moment both Abi and I jump as we hear a clatter against one of the two large windows making up the frontage of Button Up. A cyclist has let his bike fall against the glass. Abi is on her feet in an instant.
I can see her remonstrating with the cyclist. I don’t think he’s a prospective customer, just someone who wanted to stop for a moment and adjust something on the bike. Looks like the saddle.
The young cyclist doesn’t hesitate. He’s more than met his match with Abi. He grabs his bike and disappears out of sight.
“This is toughened glass,” Abi says, when she comes back, “but something hard like the end of his brake lever could probably damage it. It was stupid anyway to leave a bike there. The pavement is quite narrow.”
I laugh. “I saw your performance, Abi. I guessed you weren’t running out to invite him in for a free snack.”
“It’s not funny,” Abi says, and she sounds unexpectedly angry. “These windows are made of safety glass. They were here when Melanie and I bought the property. They only need a hard hit with something sharp to shatter them into tiny pieces too small to be dangerous, but very expensive to replace.”
I’ve always been worried about my own safety, and it occurs to me that the window in my living area is my main means of escape in the event of a fire. What if I have to break it to get out? “What sort of something sharp?”
“You can buy small emergency hammers in car accessory shops, or online. They’re sold mainly for cars, in case the door is jammed and you have to get out in a fire, or if the car is sinking into deep water.”
“In that case,” I say “I ought to get one. No, two. One for the car and one for my back window upstairs.”
“They’ll work upstairs on your office windows as well, but nobody is likely to bang their handlebars against them.” And Abi laughs, which means her anger was very short lived.
“You put on a good angry, Abi,” I say. “No wonder that cyclist disappeared like lightning. I could almost smell burning rubber from his tyres as he took off.”
Abi ignores my comment and places the order for Bella’s coffee. Me, I can’t wait to get to know Bella better. It will be good to have another resident in this road overnight. Actually, two new residents, including Emily Fairweather, is she decides to move in.
I’m sure Bella will make a good friend, but we need to take it slowly. I think I’ll pop across this afternoon and help her sort her stuff out, and help arrange the furniture, assuming it comes when promised. If anyone needs me for work, they have my mobile phone number.

Chapter 3

I can’t see how Amabelia Flores, to give the girl her full name, is going to be able to open her shop on Monday. I spent most of yesterday afternoon and evening helping her sort out her shop and living accommodation, with reasonable success.
Bella says that she’ll fix up the apartment on the top floor next week, as Emily Fairweather has already phoned to cancel the appointment to view. So, with help from Pete we put some of the flatpack furniture together and made Bella a fairly tidy living space for herself as the number one priority. Then Pete helped us carry more of the unassembled flatpack to the top of the building, to the floor that will be let.
Bella explains that there are no mattresses yet. One should be arriving any moment, but the mattress for the upstairs tenant can’t be delivered for a few more days, which now is no problem at all. Pete seems quite keen to help assemble everything over the weekend. I know that Bella isn’t the attraction, because he told Bella she could leave it all to him and Hayley.
This evening is the planned repeat of the celebratory evening meal at Parke’s. For the second time of asking ‒ as I once heard them say in church when the minister read the banns of marriage. Following Sam’s murder, I made friends with Courtney Jacobs who was a detective constable at the time, and she has recently been promoted to detective sergeant.
We both felt that this promotion was an excuse for a celebration. She had also got engaged to a tall and handsome blond man called Ollie, so the meal was to be a double celebration. Unfortunately, the evening went seriously wrong, nearly leading me and Toby Walton to break up.
At the time, we decided not to repeat the celebration, but since then we’ve agreed to have one more try. After all, nothing can possibly go wrong this time. And today the four of us are meeting at Parke’s at seven thirty.
Fortunately, I’ve managed to control my weight enough for my black dress to still fit me. It’s rare for somebody to call in without arranging to see me to discuss problems that need investigating, so I’ve been helping Bella. But now it’s time to prepare for Parke’s.
Toby still seems rather shy to be entering my apartment without a chaperone! Well, it’s not quite like that, but he does seem slightly uneasy to be in what is effectively my bedroom which contains a bed, naturally, plus a small table and chairs, and a micro kitchen.
I regard it as a sort of bedsit because it’s just a single room, but Abi calls it an apartment because there’s a small shower and loo built into the corner. With a door of course. Toby feels much more comfortable sitting in my office and chatting in one of my two small leather armchairs facing the road. Call me old-fashioned, but at my age and background I find that rather attractive in a man.
The window at the back of my living space overlooks a small parking area where Melanie and I leave our cars. Pete also leaves his black 50cc Panther Scooter there, a recent gift from his parents to encourage him to keep going on his evening course. He’s now passed the test and can take a passenger – namely Hayley. I think he chose the scooter solely for the design of the wheels and sports styling!
There’s a rolled up wire ladder for a fire escape at my back window, so I can escape either from there or down the stairs, depending on what’s on fire.
Toby is picking me up in just a few minutes. I want to look my best, but it seems that my hair doesn’t agree. It’s short and mousy brown, but never manages to look right. I don’t know if the water is different here than in Brevelstone, but it tends to frizz up after my shower if I don’t use the blow dryer – and I sometimes don’t bother. So whatever is happening, it seem to be happening naturally, and who wants to fight nature! And surprisingly there’s not a single grey hair yet.
Toby says he likes my hair just as it is, which I find a relief. It needs serious professional attention to make it presentable. I don’t know what the snooty staff are going to make of me at Parke’s.
I have a selection of wigs to act as disguises if I’m following someone, or want to take on a new persona and not be recognised. I have a ginger wig which I used on a surveillance job when I wanted to pretend that ginger-haired young Liam and I were mum and son, and Toby was the dad. Although he didn’t actually say it, I got the feeling that Toby was rather turned on by the ginger wig. But I’m definitely not wearing it this evening!
Toby phones and says he’ll be with me in five. I have one more poke around my hair. Well, it is what it is. I’m sure they won’t refuse me entry to Parke’s.
I decide not to wait for Toby to ring the outside bell, and I hurry down to stand in the small recess immediately outside the downstairs door. I time it perfectly. Toby is just getting out of his car, a nearly new Vauxhall Corsa, bought recently after his older model was written off. Like a true gentleman he hurries round to the passenger side and opens the door for me.
“Good evening, Janika,” he says, smiling broadly. He’s not frowning at my hair, so I guess it’s not too bad.
“I’m really looking forward to this evening,” Toby says. “Courtney and Ollie seem like a nice couple, although I didn’t have time to get to know them properly before....”
His voice tails off. He seems unable to add the words, “...I got arrested.”
Well, no one is going to get arrested this time. I can’t think of anything I’ve done wrong that will interest the police. I didn’t have time to learn much about Ollie, but I can’t think a detective sergeant would be engaged to a criminal or ex-criminal. And Courtney is, I’m sure, beyond reproach.
We could walk to Parke’s, but the forecast is rain, and Toby insists on driving there as I’m wearing my best outfit. We manage to find a space for Toby’s Corsa close to the restaurant, and we’re welcomed inside by Courtney and Ollie who are already waiting in the foyer.
There are a few hugs and kisses. Toby gives Courtney a very quick peck on the cheek. Well, he would. That’s Toby. But Ollie, with gorgeous blue eyes, seems rather too affectionate for my liking. It may have been an accident, but it felt as though he was nibbling my ear.
The maitre d’ signals to a young waiter dressed in Parke’s traditional dark brown apron over a striped black and white shirt, which I don’t think is any smarter than the Button Up jackets with the Button Up logo.
We’re guided into the large dining room lit by soft lighting, and each occupied table has a candle in a glass jar giving a warm glow. Soft jazz plays quietly in the background. Discreetly might be a better word.
Courtney tells the waiter that we’re not ready to order yet. I’m not sure how she knows that, because I’m feeling quite hungry. Never mind, there’s plenty to talk about.
I sense that Ollie is staring at me, and that makes me feel uncomfortable. I look at him, and indeed he is. He winks at me, very briefly, and looks away with a smile on his face. I’m reading too much into this. Of course I am. Pull yourself together, Janika.
“I’ve got some news,” Courtney says, failing to add anything more.
“Personal or work?” I ask. The smell of food is making me feel more than quite hungry.
“Let’s order drinks,” Toby says, breaking the silence that’s developed after I’ve asked my question.
“Good idea,” Ollie says, raising a finger to summon the young waiter who has been keeping an eye on our table.
I have a Chardonnay, but Toby says as he’s driving he’ll have an Appletiser. I guess Ollie is doing the driving, because he orders a Coke, and Courtney a Merlot. I wonder what she’s going to eat to go with it. I’ve already made up my mind to have what I ordered last time for my starter, followed by the roast chicken with Mediterranean vegetables, although it seems I won’t be getting anything just yet. Patience, Janika. Patience, girl.
“Well,” I ask Courtney, “what’s the news?” I’m guessing she’s not pregnant.
“We didn’t destroy the drugs gang,” she says quietly, looking around as though everybody has their ears flapping. Anyway, with the general background noise of chatter and soft jazz, no one is going to be able to listen in to our conversation.
“I thought the leaders had been arrested when Scotland Yard got involved,” Toby says.
Courtney nods, but clearly there’s more to it than Toby thinks. “The leaders, yes. But not everyone involved. I expect you read about the fire at a convenience store in Brevelstone a few nights ago.”
I did indeed. Something seems very suspicious about that fire. The shop sells, or rather sold until a few days ago, general groceries, newspapers and magazines. It was completely destroyed in a fire that spread rapidly. The fire brigade hinted that an accelerant had been used, but the police were making no statement at the time.
“So do you think there’s a connection with drugs?” Toby asks.
I’m glad he’s asked the question. I can’t see a connection myself, but I don’t want to expose my ignorance. After all, as a fully trained private investigator I should see suspicious actions in just about everything that happens. Well, not everything. But in bad things, certainly.
“This is just between us,” Courtney says, lowering her voice unnecessarily so that I can hardly hear. She’s sitting opposite me and Toby at what’s quite a large table for four.
“Of course,” I say. What I don’t add is, “Get on with it, Courtney.”
“We don’t know who’s involved,” Courtney says, rather obviously. If someone had been arrested, it would have been in the papers.
“And you think some of the gang, having lost their leaders, are resorting to a protection racket?” Toby says, slowly and thoughtfully. “It’s likely that the owner of the convenience store refused to pay out, so they torched his shop.”
He’s got it in one! Why wasn’t I thinking along the same lines? Of course, Toby is a claims assessor for an insurance company, so he’s probably aware of suspicious acts and claims.
“I can’t confirm that,” Courtney says slowly.
Toby nods. Then he turns to me. “I know Courtney can’t tell you, but my insurance company is involved, and without breaking any confidences I can say that’s certainly an option we’re considering at the moment.”
“So has the owner made a statement to that effect, Courtney?” I ask.
Courtney shakes her head. “It doesn’t work like that. The first threat would have been damage to his shop if he didn’t pay up, or went to the police. It seems that he didn’t pay, so things will be escalating from there. I’m sure the next threat will be to his life, or his wife and children’s lives.”
“And he won’t say anything at all? Not even a hint?” I say.
Courtney shakes her head again. “The man is terrified.” She lets out a long sigh, then says, “Well, since everyone at this table is now aware of the situation, and since it’s not news to you, Toby, this is where we stand. I couldn’t explain before now, but this meal is now a triple celebration.”
“It is?” I ask. Surely she’s not pregnant.
Courtney grins. “My promotion to detective sergeant, my engagement to Ollie, and third, I’ve been put in charge of the investigation into a possible protection racket operating in Brevelstone and the surrounding area. This is my first serious task since I’ve been promoted to detective sergeant.”
“Congratulations,” Toby and I say together. Then I add, “You deserve it, Detective Sergeant Jacobs.”
“There are likely to be dangers,” Courtney says, the smile quickly disappearing from her face. “I’m mindful of the attempts that were made on your life by the drugs gang, Janika. The older men have been arrested, but not some of the young thugs who were also involved in dealing, who are now looking for a new outlet for their talents. But at least, as far as we can tell, the drug supply situation in the area has more or less dried up.”
Ollie nods, and he’s looking directly at me. He’s been rather quiet up to now. “Not that it won’t start again soon. Something quickly fills a vacuum.”
“There’s no need to worry about me, Ollie,” Courtney says, putting her arm around his large shoulders. “I know how to look after myself.”
Sam thought he knew how to look after himself, but he got that wrong. Naturally, I don’t pass that thought on. I pull out my phone, and switch on the camera. I signal to the waiter, who hurries across, obviously thinking he’s about to get our food order. And I’m the only one who’s looked at the menu so far!
Very obligingly, he stands back and takes a picture of the four of us from the side of the table, with Ollie and Toby leaning in slightly, while I and Courtney lean back.
“Maybe you would like to order now?” the waiter says hopefully, as he hands the camera back to me. “I hope it worked. I pressed the button two or three times because I didn’t see the flash.”
The others look at the menus, while I check the photo gallery on my phone. I see he’s taken three pictures, just a few seconds apart. I keep the flash off, as it spoils photographs indoors, and my camera is extremely sensitive in low light. I didn’t realise he’d taken three, but I’m sure when I examine the photographs closely I’ll see that one of us has our eyes closed in at least one of the pictures. It's always like that with groups. It seems to be an unwritten law.
I order my food, after quickly checking that the chicken dish is still on the menu. The others dither and discuss with each other, and all the time the waiter is standing patiently by our table. I guess he’s expecting a large tip, and he’s certainly earning one.
Courtney starts to push her chair back, and Ollie leaps to his feet and helps. Two gentleman at the table. Courtney and I are certainly privileged.
“Just going to the ladies’ room,” Courtney says. “I’ve not been since we set out from Brevelstone, and I think my bladder is about to burst.”
That’s a bit too much information for me in front of Toby. What am I, some sort of blushing teenager? I’m sure both Toby and I know our way around the world a bit, but I can’t help feeling embarrassed.
I watch Courtney make her way to the far end of the large dining room. A woman from an adjoining table gets up and follows her. It seems to be a night for weak bladders. Fortunately, that’s never been a problem for me, which is just as well on lengthy stakeouts, especially on cold nights.
I’m admiring Ollie’s fine physique, but all the while keeping a firm hold on Toby’s hand. So far, Toby has been perfect for me, and all I could ever want ‒ should I be looking to be married again. But when things went so badly in Poland with Bruno Kamiński, and so well with Sam Jones in Brevelstone, I have very mixed feelings about a permanent relationship.
My uncertain thoughts are interrupted by a loud shout from the door to the little girls’ room. The woman who followed behind Courtney – I think it’s the same woman – has come out shouting about a theft.
Courtney follows almost immediately, and the woman shouts loudly enough for everyone to hear that “this woman” has just stolen her bank cards. Someone has to call the police!

Chapter 4

I push my chair back so hard that it falls over backwards. “She is the police,” I shout loudly. Toby has already put my chair upright and gently, fairly gently, he pushes me back down onto it.
“Leave it to Courtney,” he says. “The woman might not be talking about Courtney at all. There might be another woman in there who’s stolen something.”
That certainly makes sense, but the woman seems to be pointing her finger firmly at Courtney. “Search her,” she shouts. “Search her bag!”
Courtney looks confused and shakes her head. “I don’t know who you are, but I can assure you I have not taken anything of yours.” She reaches into her jacket pocket. “Here’s my ID. I’m a detective sergeant with Brevelstone CID.”
A gasp goes up from most of the tables. Everyone has stopped eating and chatting, and they are staring at the developing scene with a sort of fascination mixed with horror. Well, the horror is mine. What a stupid accusation to make against Courtney.
Ollie is already hurrying over to his fiancée, but the angry accuser pushes him away. “Don’t come any closer,” she shouts. “Somebody call the police, and keep watch on this woman. My wallet with my bank cards is in her handbag. I saw her slip it out of my bag and conceal it there while I was doing my lipstick.”
Courtney, quite naturally, is keeping up her protests of innocence. “I’ve no idea what you’re talking about,” she says. And she turns to the room generally. “Who’s come with this lady?”
First of all it seems that nobody has come with her, but a man stands up and says that he has. I think they were both sitting at the same table. He adds that if his friend says something has been stolen, then it has. And if the woman claiming to be a police detective with Brevelstone CID has taken her friend’s wallet, she needs to be arrested and locked up.
“The police are on their way,” the man adds, waving his phone in the air. That explains why he didn’t immediately leap to his friend’s defence. He was too busy dialling 999.
I don’t know what to do. Toby has told me not to get involved. I’m assuming the woman has mental health issues and is probably living in a fantasy world. In that case, the sooner Courtney empties her bag in front of witnesses, the better. Then the police can take the crazy woman away, instead of Courtney.
This seems to be a stand-off, with nobody wanting to get involved – except me. And Toby is making sure I stay firmly in my seat.
I sense a commotion by the main entrance to the dining room, and two police officers enter. I recognise one of them. It’s Sergeant Stanley Masters, who came here last time to arrest Toby. And he’s not here to perform a strip-a-gram this time, either.
Perhaps the sergeant is the first call for any disturbance at Parke’s! No, it’s not funny. Courtney is obviously innocent, but I feel uncomfortable for her. She can prove her innocence now the police have arrived. And there was naïve little me thinking nothing could go wrong this time at Parke’s.
Sergeant Masters looks embarrassed, I’ll give him that. When he arrested Toby he seemed to take great pleasure in doing it, but I guess the police stick together. Well, I hope they do.
“Now,” the sergeant says, “I want everyone to calm down. Unless anyone here is a witness to what this young woman is saying, just return to your meals.” He turns to Courtney. “I don’t like to do this, Detective Sergeant Jacobs, but I want you to come with me. We need to inspect the contents of your bag.”
But the angry woman is having none of it. “I know what you police are like. You’ll pretend there was nothing of mine in the bag. I need everyone here to witness what you do. Make sure she doesn’t throw it away in the meantime.” She turns to her friend. “I want you to stay with me as a witness.”
The man seems only too keen to be a witness. But a witness to what? I really can’t believe Courtney has stolen anything from the woman’s bag.
“I’m coming too,” Ollie says. “Courtney is my fiancée, and I have every right to be there while you make the search.”
Of course, no one has taken any notice of Sergeant Stanley Masters’ order to return to their meals. I’m painfully aware that all eyes are on us, eyeballs glinting in the light from the candles on the restaurant tables.
I’m just glad Abi isn’t here with us. She would be making a big scene. Exactly what the scene would be, I’m not sure, but I know one would be happening right now.
So Sergeant Masters and a young woman constable usher Courtney, along with the complaining woman and her male friend, accompanied by Ollie, to some private area to allow Courtney to prove her innocence.
I notice that the sergeant is holding Courtney’s bag, presumably so that no one can interfere with it in the meantime. The fuss the woman is making seems a bit OTT, and I wouldn’t put it past her to slip her own wallet and bank cards into Courtney’s handbag, given half a chance.
I have a sort of grievance against Sergeant Stanley Masters, because of the way he arrested Toby on the slim evidence of his damaged car. On the other hand, he had received what he believed to be a reliable tipoff, and there was blood around Toby’s headlight. And how was the sergeant to know it was badger’s blood?
My confidence in the sergeant is rising slowly. I’m impressed by the professional manner in which he’s treating this accusation against Courtney, and how he’s savvy enough to take immediate control of Courtney’s handbag.
I sit silently with Toby. I think we are the only two people in the whole restaurant who are silent. Everybody else seems wound up to the point of near hysteria by what they have witnessed. I guess some are anti-police, and are noisily confident that Courtney is guilty.
There are probably others here who would boo the complaining woman, given half a chance. The rest just chatter in excitement. They obviously haven’t come here expecting entertainment to be laid on this evening.
Ten minutes later Ollie comes back, and everyone goes silent. The only sound comes from the gentle 30s jazz music that’s still playing in the background. From Ollie’s expression, it looks as though they should be playing the death march, not jazz.
Ollie signals to us to join him and go outside. I don’t need to guess what’s happened. It’s obvious. Courtney would be with him if she was in the clear.
I feel sick, and we haven’t eaten anything yet.

Chapter 5

“I can’t believe it,” Ollie says, as the three of us withdraw to one of the side rooms. “I really can’t believe it. The sergeant put Courtney’s bag on the table and told us all to stand back. Then he put on disposable gloves, opened the bag, and pulled out a red leather wallet showing the tops of three bank cards tucked in the side.”
“And did the woman say they were hers?” I ask, clinging hopelessly to straws.
“Not only said it, she could prove it. Her name was on all three cards.” Ollie shakes his head. “And now they’ve arrested Courtney.”
“I don’t believe Courtney did it, not for one moment,” I say.
“I’m sure she didn’t,” Ollie says quietly. “You’re a detective, Janika. You’ve got to do something about it?”
“Already on it,” I say. “Of course, I won’t have access to any of the police records. If the police really have a strong case against Courtney, it’s going to be very hard to come up with contradictory evidence.”
Toby has been silent up to now. Probably stunned. “Abi’s husband is a lawyer, Janika. Surely you could work together. He will have access to the police records if he’s defending Courtney.”
For a moment Ollie looks elated, and he puts a hand gently on my shoulder. “I didn’t think about that. In that case, I’ll make sure Abi’s husband is defending her. Do you have his phone number with you? I guess this is urgent.”
“Are they going to let you see Courtney this evening, Ollie?” I ask. “Did they say anything about it? Perhaps we can go and see Courtney now. Where is she? Still here?”
Ollie shakes his head. For a moment the tall, confident blond man looks defeated. “I didn’t want to come here this evening,” he says quietly. “As far as I was concerned, we’d already had the celebration, even though it went wrong.”
This comes as a bit of a surprise, because Courtney has already told me that it was Ollie’s idea. I let that pass. “None of us foresaw trouble,” I say, perhaps rather obviously. “I’m phoning Abi now. I can explain what’s happened, and then she can put Danny on the line. I’m sure this can be sorted very quickly.”

<><><><>

I was wrong about that. It’s not even 10 o’clock, and I’m with Toby in Abi and Danny’s lovely house on the edge of the woods here in Craidlea. But Danny isn’t with us. He’s down at the police station, presumably with Ollie, arguing with Sergeant Masters and telling him to stop being so silly. There’s no way Courtney Jacobs would have stolen the woman’s bank cards.
“You’re the detective, Janika. Do you think it’s some sort of setup?” Abi asks. She’s made us all mugs of tea which we’re drinking without any great enthusiasm. It’s too late for coffee. My mind is spinning enough as it is.
“It has to be,” I say. “Courtney is in charge of an investigation into what she thinks is a protection racket.”
Toby takes me gently by the arm. “That information may be confidential,” he whispers.
“I don’t care if it is,” I say loudly, tugging my arm free. “Courtney has been arrested on a fake charge of theft, and that certainly isn’t going to be confidential when the local paper gets hold of it. We’re here to help Courtney, not worry about confidentiality.”
“All the same‒‒‒‒” Toby starts to say, but I cut him off.
“Confidential or not, we know Courtney is innocent, and I’m going to prove it with or without your help, Toby.”
I’ve gone too far, and I can see Toby going red. I didn’t mean to embarrass him in front of the others. But I’m annoyed, and I don’t feel like apologising. But I do.
“Sorry, Toby,”
I think he’s about to accept my apology graciously, but at that moment we hear Danny arriving.
“Well?” just about everyone asks, more or less in unison.
Danny looks remarkably flustered, and says he needs a wash first, and he’ll join us in a moment.
A couple of minutes later he’s back. “I couldn’t wait to wash off everything I picked up from the police station. The place could do with a deep clean.”
“Never mind about that,” Abi says. “Have they let Courtney go?”
Danny crashes down onto the sofa and puts his arm round her shoulders. “That’s better,” he says. “There’s nothing like a close female friend.”
“Close friend?” Abi says, in mock surprise. “I hope you don’t say that to other women.”
I know the two are only joking, but I want to know about Courtney. “Answer your wife’s question,” I say impatiently. “Have they let Courtney go?”
Danny gives a long sigh. “She’s not off the hook by any means,” he explains, with a rather serious lawyer’s look on his face, although I imagine that “off the hook” isn’t a legal expression.
“Have they let her go?” both Abi and I say. Neither of us smiles. This is not a joking matter. Courtney could be in serious trouble if she’s still locked away.
“She’s been formally charged with theft. There will be a decision on police bail tomorrow morning. I’ve agreed to represent her. It’s a strange case. The woman who made the complaint is most insistent that Courtney slipped the wallet containing her bank cards out of her handbag which was open between the two of them.”
“You’re not suggesting Courtney could be guilty, are you?” I snap.
“Hard to believe,” Danny agrees. He turns to me. “Unfortunately, there are no security cameras in what they call the ladies’ restroom. I guess the reason is fairly obvious. So it’s the woman’s word against Courtney’s. And the evidence was found by Sergeant Stanley Masters in Courtney’s bag, and he says he’s confident that the woman had no opportunity to place it there after they left the rest room. It’s not looking good.”
It certainly isn’t. I know that conjurers distract the audience in order to do something by sleight of hand. Young Liam is an excellent conjurer, but I doubt he would be able to do this after they left the rest room. So the woman must have slipped the wallet in while they were there. I point this out to Danny.
“That would have to be it,” he agrees.
“What do you mean, would?” I say. Toby has managed to slip his hand around my arm, and this time I don’t pull away. “Don’t you mean that’s exactly what she did?”
Danny nods. “Yes.”
“And what does Courtney have to say about it?” I ask “Did she see anything suspicious? I imagine it would be easy for the woman to slip her wallet into Courtney’s bag when she wasn’t looking.”
“Has Courtney seen the woman before?” Abi asks, before Danny can answer. “I’m wondering if Courtney arrested her once for shoplifting or something, and now she’s getting her own back.”
“As far as Courtney knows, she’s never seen the woman before.” Then he says. “Look, Janika, Courtney is bound to be suspended until this is cleared up.”
“You mean until she’s found not guilty,” I say.
“Hopefully,” Danny says. “In my experience Courtney will be released on police bail tomorrow morning, with certain restrictions, until there’s a full court hearing ‒ if it goes that far.”
“You mean she could stay locked up?”
Danny shakes his head. “There’s no violence involved. I’ll make sure Courtney is released.”
I know Courtney was a great help to me when Sam was murdered, and of course I want to be as much help to her as I can. “I take it she wants me to investigate the woman.”
Danny nods. “That, and just be a general help in any way you can.”
“What about Ollie? Is he still at the police station?”
“He.... Well, he went straight back to Brevelstone as soon as Sergeant Masters arrested Courtney. While I was at the police station he made no attempt to contact her by phone.”
Abi gasps. “What sort of fiancé is that! You would have stuck with me whatever I’d been accused of when we were engaged, wouldn’t you, Danny.” She says it as a statement of fact, without a hint of any doubt.
Danny just nods. I know they have a secure marriage, and he has no need to respond. He turns to me. “Janika, you’ve already encountered Sergeant Stanley Masters. He’s not a pleasant man. He arrested both Abi and me on a charge of stealing a valuable article from a charity shop. Of course we were innocent, but at the time I could sense he was reluctant to let us go without managing to stick some sort of charge on us.”
“You surely don’t think Sergeant Masters is going to manufacture evidence against Courtney, do you?” I ask.
“I’m definitely not saying that, Janika. The point I’m making is that he’s going to explore every possible avenue that he can, in order to justify making the arrest this evening. He’s a proud man who won’t want to admit his mistakes. I don’t like him, but he represents the face of the law.”
“When can I see Courtney?” I ask, rather impatiently. “She doesn’t deserve to spend even an hour in a cell, let alone a whole night. Can I go down to the police station now?”
Danny shakes his head. “You wouldn’t be able to see her, even if you went. I was given access as her lawyer. But I’m confident she will be released tomorrow morning.”
“I’d like to go down and see her as soon as she’s released, in that case,” I say. “Unless Ollie is going to whisk her away.”
There’s silence for a moment, then Danny says, “I don’t think he will. The way he did a runner as soon as Courtney was arrested, I think he has serious doubts about her innocence. I really do. For Courtney’s sake. I just hope I’m wrong.”

Chapter 6

I came here in Toby’s car, straight from Parke’s, which is just as well. I’m too worked up to drive. Before leaving, Abi said a short prayer for Courtney. She actually prayed out loud, and I joined in the Amen. I pray a bit sometimes, when things are really difficult, but never out loud like that in front of other people.
Toby is silent as we go back to my apartment above Button Up. I’m furious, but I don’t want to say something that will show a side of me that Toby will worry about.
It’s only when we stop outside that he says, “I’m one hundred percent with you on this, Janika. I’ve only met Courtney a couple of times, but she seems an extremely honest and capable woman.”
“I appreciate that, Toby, but it’s not what you and I think. It’s whether the police decide to proceed with the prosecution. But I’m glad Abi prayed. I’m sure that will help.”
I can see Toby nodding. There’s enough light from the streetlights to see him clearly. He doesn’t enlarge on what I’ve just said, and I’m not in the mood to hear a mini sermon on the power of prayer. He can probably sense that.
“I want to give as much help as I can,” he says, and he sounds genuine. “But I don’t know how much help I can be, Janika. Phone me at work in the morning as soon as you know what’s happened. And I’m really sorry if Courtney’s fiancé has deserted her. Danny might be wrong about that. Perhaps he thought he’d be in the way.”
I hope Toby is right, but somehow I have doubts. Not that I know anything about Ollie. He might have been married before, for all I know. After all, Toby was once engaged to someone called Kate. And I certainly carry a lot of baggage, including the loss of my five-month-old boy foetus when Bruno kicked me and punched me in the stomach.
But it’s not for me to interfere in relationships I know nothing about. “I’ll know more in the morning if I get a chance to chat to Courtney,” I say, deliberately omitting any mention of Ollie. “I’ll phone you, I promise.”
“Would you like me to come in?” Toby asks.
That surprises me. He’s never asked that before this late in the evening. I think he senses my surprise, because he adds, “I don’t mean to stay, Janika. Just to see you safely in and settled down.”
I shake my head. “I’ll be fine, Toby. Honestly. But thanks, anyway.”
I know he’ll hang on until I’m safely inside. It wouldn’t be the first time I’ve been attacked in the doorway at night. I get out my keys and undo the two security locks on the outside door.
It’s only when I’m safely in, with the door locked behind me, that I hear Toby drive off. For any woman looking for a loving husband, they couldn’t do better than finding Toby. So why am I holding back? It has to be the loss of Sam. I couldn’t go through a loss like that again. Not ever.

<><><><>

I’m down at the police station now with Danny. Following her arrest at Parke’s, Courtney has been officially charged with theft. It will be up to the prosecution service to decide whether there is enough evidence to take the case to court, as Danny predicted. She has now been released on police bail, but with several strict conditions.
Because she came from Brevelstone to Craidlea in Ollie’s car, she has no transport of her own. She looks pretty shocked, so I insist she comes back with me.
“To your office,” she says, her voice sounding shaky. “Not to the coffee shop.”
I assure her I have no intention of throwing her to the lions. By now, it won’t only be the Button Up staff, but customers as well who will be up to speed on Courtney. What has she done to deserve all this?
I park my slightly old Nissan Micra at the back of Button Up in my usual space. On the back seat is a large brimmed hat that I use to keep the sun off my face. Courtney puts it on and pulls it low over her eyes so as not to attract attention.
For that very reason it probably will attract attention, but we don’t pass anyone as we hurry round to the entrance door to my office and living quarters. Courtney waits patiently while I unlock the door, and she seems relieved as I unset the alarm and we go up to my office.
I don’t think Abi or any of the others have seen us arrive, but the office floor is polished wooden boards, and they are bound to hear us walking about above. Perceptive ones like Abi have probably already realised there are two sets of footsteps. I’ll have to face up to that problem if it arises. Probably when it arises.
I pull the two small leather armchairs back from the window so we can’t be seen from the road. I tell Courtney to sit in either of them while I go to make us both coffee with my machine. All she does is nod before sinking into the nearest chair.
The Nespresso machine is in the mini kitchen area, but I leave the door open to my office in case Courtney wants to call out something. But the machine is so noisy, I probably won’t hear her if she does.
I’ve made an espresso and a lungo, and tell her to choose. Courtney doesn’t look as though she’s switched on yet, but perhaps the espresso she selects will work its magic.
“Do you know the woman who accused you?” That’s my first question.
Courtney takes a gentle sip of her espresso, and stares across at me with tired eyes. It looks as though she didn’t sleep at all last night.
“I never touched her bag. You do believe me, don’t you, Janika?”
“Of course I do, Courtney. Why would you do it? Without the code, what use would the cards be anyway?”
“Danny said that. I know it’s the job of the defence to try and get their client a not guilty verdict, but I could tell he believes me.” She sighs. “That’s the first night I’ve ever spent in a police cell. I’m not sure I would wish the experience on anyone, even if they are guilty. And all because of a malicious young woman called Karen Buckwell.”
“Are you sure that’s her name? It’s not a name I recognise.”
“Karen Buckwell?” Courtney says. “It’s the name that was written on the charge sheet. I also noticed the name on the bank cards, and she showed the police her driving licence yesterday evening. They didn’t let me see it, but they seemed satisfied. If only I could have seen the address,” she adds, “although it’s a condition of my bail that I don’t try to contact her. But you could.”
“I’d have to ask Danny about that. Maybe I could, if I’m working for him in your defence.”
I don’t know whether to ask about Ollie. For all I know he had urgent work to get back for, and he’s been regularly in touch with Courtney throughout the ordeal. He might even be knocking on my door soon to hug her and take her back to Brevelstone. But I can’t very well ask.
“What about Ollie?” There, it sort of slipped out. Perhaps it has to be said anyway.
Courtney tries to hide her expression with her small espresso cup. I don’t think she could have managed even with the larger lungo. And then the tears come.
I stand up and put an arm round her. That’s what she did to me when she had to break the news of Sam’s death late one evening.
“I thought I was strong, Janika. I really did.”
It’s the affectionate hug I’ve given her that’s making things worse, but we both need it. “There’s nothing wrong with crying, Courtney. It releases so many tensions and worries.”
Courtney starts to sob even more loudly. Then she places her cup on the table and hurries into my living quarters. I hear the door to my small bathroom slam shut. Should I worry? No, I think she just wants to wait until the crying is over so she can wash and dry her face. Fortunately, the towels in there are clean.
I’m surprised Abi hasn’t come up, assuming she is actually in the coffee shop. She must be experiencing great self-control.
I have to wait five minutes before I hear Courtney opening the bathroom door. “I’ll make you another coffee,” I call out. “Come and sit down.”
Courtney isn’t wearing makeup. I imagine she removed everything at the police station last night, so there are no long streaks of mascara, nothing to reveal the tears. Apart from red eyes. And I still don’t know about Ollie.
“I’ve been suspended,” Courtney says as she sits down heavily. She reaches for her small espresso cup and gulps down the remaining tepid liquid.
I point to the cup. “Another?”
Courtney shakes her head. “I don’t know if I’m coming or going at the moment, Janika.”
“Well, it’s a good thing you’ve got me. You’ve got the full backing of the Button Up Detective Agency.”
I realise I’ve made that sound rather flippant. “Courtney, I really do want to help you. I know I’m not the police, and I don’t have access to their records, but with Danny and me helping, we should not only be able to get the charges dropped, but get to the bottom of who really is guilty.”

Chapter 7

“I haven’t heard a word from Ollie,” Courtney says slowly. “They took my phone from me last night, but there were no missed calls when they gave it back to me this morning. I just don’t understand it.”
I’m not sure I do, although an outside observer might think Ollie has decided to dump Courtney. But without knowing all the circumstances, I’m not going to even suggest such a possibility.
“Have you tried calling him?”
Courtney nods slowly. “Several times. Just goes to voicemail. I hope he didn’t have an accident on the way back to Brevelstone last night, after all the upset.”
Somehow I doubt that. Surely the police would have been aware of a serious accident involving Ollie. After all, they took our names when they arrested Courtney at Parke’s.
Courtney pulls her phone from her bag, checks the screen for any missed messages, then presses the quick dial button. The ringtone is quite loud, but after ten rings it goes to voicemail.
She shakes her head. “To be honest, Janika, things have been a bit odd between us lately. I think Ollie might be getting other interests.”
I’m assuming Courtney isn’t referring to golf or fishing. In that case, she would be just as well to be rid of him now. But I can’t say that.
She looks up at me. “Can I possibly ask a favour of you, Janika? Are you able to take me back to Brevelstone this morning? Or this afternoon?”
I don’t have any urgent investigative work, but even if I did, I’d drop it for the sake of getting Courtney safely back. However, I get the impression that Courtney isn’t that keen to leave me.
“Look, Courtney, I don’t want you spending the night alone. I’ve only got a single bed, but I don’t mind sleeping in the office. We can push these two armchairs together and I’m quite happy curling up on them.”
Courtney smiles, the first time I’ve seen her smiling since the start of the celebration yesterday evening at Parke’s. “Like a snail? No, Janika, that’s really thoughtful of you, but I couldn’t let you do that.”
I’m still feeling that Courtney isn’t keen to get home. “I’m sure Abi and Danny would put you up for the night.”
Courtney shakes her head and attempts a laugh. “Sleeping with my solicitor? What would the press say!”
I’m not in a laughing mood, but that has quite lightened the occasion. When I came back from Poland, and first heard about solicitors and lawyers, I thought they were two different creatures. I think the word solicitor is slightly old-fashioned now, as many legal firms use the name lawyer, which I know is the name used in America.
Courtney is standing in the doorway to my living quarters. She smiles. “So this is the famous treadmill that nearly cost you and Abi your lives.”
“I had to pay for this one, Courtney. As it turned out, it was much safer to buy one than accept one as a free gift.”
Courtney stands on it and grips the handlebars, but makes no attempt to start it moving. “I can see how you keep so slim now, Janika,” she says, laughing. “Six pastries in Button Up, and an hour on here at full speed every day.”
I have to laugh. I know I’m not slim, and I do know I need to spend a bit more time on the treadmill. I’m going to miss Courtney when she goes.
A sudden thought occurs. “There’s Bella Flores just up the road. She’s opening a flower shop, and I know she has the whole top floor free. Hasn’t got a tenant yet, so I’m sure she could put you up there for a few days.”
What am I thinking? Bella said the mattress isn’t arriving for a few more days, and the top flat isn’t furnished. “No, Courtney, that wouldn’t work. It’s either here or Abi’s.”
“I really do need to get home to get a few things together, Janika. Ollie took me to Parke’s in his own car. Mine is still back at home. Could you run me back to collect it? I have a folding camp bed which I could use – if the offer of spending the night here is still on.”
“Of course it’s still on, Courtney. And you can have my bed if you like. The mattress is firm, but not nearly as firm as the bed in your cell last night, I’m sure!”
Courtney insists on bringing her own camp bed, which she assures me is perfectly okay. Just as long as I have some spare bedding. Which I do.
We make our way down the stairs. Courtney is intrigued to see that I have kept the security lock at the bottom that leads out onto the road, which latches automatically and needs a key to get out.
That lock has saved my life a couple of times, and the bullet holes in the door at the top of the stairs bear witness to the fact that one of the gang members got trapped between the two, and tried to shoot his way out.
Actually, he shot through the door to try to kill me and Detective Inspector Dickinson who was with me at the time. The detective inspector immediately took early retirement to protect his own life and his family’s, and as far as I know they’re living safely somewhere way up in the far north.
We slip out quietly, and go to the left, to the side road that leads round to the back of Button Up. I know Abi means well, and I’m sure she’ll be really sympathetic to Courtney, but that might start the tears again. And when that happens, I always do the same in empathy.
As soon as we’re safely in the car, and our seat belts buckled up, I check the mirror. I usually come in frontwards, as the space can be quite narrow if Melanie is parked here, which she is today.
A large black van has drawn up, blocking our exit. It’s probably someone looking for directions, or maybe a parcel delivery. I beep my horn, just to let the driver know I’m here.
The van stays put.
Courtney turns round, and says anxiously, “Do you recognise that van?”
I can tell by her tone of voice that she’s concerned. “I’m sure it will move on in a minute, now I’ve sounded the horn. Probably just a delivery.”
Courtney already has her phone out. “I think we might need backup.”
I know I’m a fully trained PI, but it would never have occurred to me that the black van would be blocking us in deliberately – a rather old and battered black van with bad intentions.

Chapter 8

Someone raps on the back window, and we both let out a scream. I turn quickly and see Pete looking at us. “Sorry to make you both jump,” he says, laughing, “but Abi saw you come round here, and she was hoping you hadn’t gone yet.”
“What’s up?” I ask.
“Abi wants to know if you’re free to help move something upstairs at Bella’s? It’s large and awkward, and it’s going to need four of us so we don’t do any damage to the walls. They’ve all been freshly painted.”
“No problem....” I start to say. I was going to say that a black van is blocking our exit, but it’s gone. In that case, it probably wasn’t up to no good. Pete wouldn’t have been enough to frighten off anyone intending to harm us. I notice Courtney has put her phone away without making a call. Well, that’s probably good news. I’m relying totally on her assessment of the situation.
“I also came round to check on my bike. I park it to one side as well as I can, but with two lady drivers using this space....”
I know he’s only joking about lady drivers, and I’m certainly not going to take the bait. “There was a black van here when you came round,” I say, as I get out of the car. “Did you see it?”
Pete nods. “It looked a bit battered. Took off in a bit of a hurry. Was it blocking you in?”
Courtney is also out of the car. “Did you notice the registration number by any chance?”
“Not by any chance,” Pete says brightly. “But I did notice there was no name on the van itself. Anyway, it’s gone, so you don’t need to worry about it.”
I think perhaps we do. Not that I’m going to say anything to Pete. I can discuss the possibilities of danger with Courtney when we’re on our own again. In the meantime, we’re needed at Bella’s shop.
We collect Abi from the coffee shop, and as we cross the road we see Bella waving to us from her shop doorway. She looks happy. Well, that’s more than I do. If Courtney and Ollie are about to split up, I really feel for the girl. She’s been such a good friend to me. So supportive. But it’s not for me to interfere, although I’ll do my best to console her if the worst comes to the worst – or if it has already come to the worst.
Courtney’s eyes are no longer especially red, but from the way Abi is looking at her I think she’s picked up on it. Lovely Abi clearly has the sensitivity not to say anything to her, although I’m sure it won’t prevent her saying something to me later.
The large item is a thick single mattress. It’s surprisingly heavy. Bella explains that it’s a really expensive coil spring model that should last for ever. And all this for a tenant?
The mattress is safely delivered to the floor directly above the shop. It’s for Bella. Lucky her, having this sort of luxury. She tells us she had to sleep on it at the back of the shop last night! In spite of our struggles, with us all shouting, “No, this way ... no, that way,” the walls are unmarked.
Pete and Hayley have already taken the various parts of the bed frame upstairs, and assembled them. We drop the mattress on the base with a loud thump that seems to shake the floor. I hope the building is strong enough for a bed like this. And I hope Pete and Hayley screwed the bed frame together according to the confusing instructions.
Abi pulls me to one side as Pete, Bella and Courtney make their way down the rather steep and narrow staircase. “How’s Courtney bearing up this morning?”
I shrug. “So so. Danny did a good job getting police bail. Now it’s up to the two of us to find out exactly what went on, before the case comes to court. That woman who had the cards allegedly stolen must be up to no good.”
“Us?” Abi asks. “You mean the two of us?”
“I mean me and Courtney. We’re both detectives, Abi.” I see a look of disappointment on her face. “Okay, the three of us. You like listening to gossip – in a very friendly way. You might pick up on something that you overhear in Button Up.”
From the look of disappointment on Abi’s face, I’m guessing she has something more than that in mind. “And of course we’ll share everything we discover with you and Danny. So that makes four of us.”
I’m not going to say anything about the old black van for the moment. Delivery vans are all over the place, and it’s unlikely the driver noticed we were sitting in the car, otherwise he wouldn’t have parked there. Yes, that has to be it.
Maybe.
“Courtney wants to stay with me a night or two,” I explain to Abi. “She’s got a folding camp bed back at her place, and we’re going there now to get her car. She also wants to collect a few things.”
“What about Ollie?”
“I’m not sure, Abi. He’s not been answering his phone since the meal, and there were no missed calls overnight when the police returned her phone.”
“Do you think he’s had an accident?”
“Abi, it’s not what I think that matters. It’s what Courtney thinks. And I think she’s fearing the worst. And it’s not an accident.”
Abi takes a deep breath. “Do you think I should say something to her?”
I shake my head firmly. “Not yet, Abi, not yet. There may be a perfectly innocent explanation, but I would have thought Ollie would have turned up at the police station this morning, even if he has a phone problem.”
As we make our way down to Bella’s front entrance, I can see Abi is in two minds about whether to say anything or not to Courtney. But to her credit she manages to stay silent.
Abi invites us both in for a coffee and pastry on the house, but Courtney is keen to get back to Brevelstone to collect her car, and whatever things she’s going to need for the next few days. Perhaps she thinks she’ll find Ollie waiting on the doorstep.

<><><><>

All the way to Brevelstone I’ve been keeping an eye on the rear-view mirror for a black van, or any other vehicle that might be following us. I’m now turning off to the village of Cravenwell, just in case someone has been following at such a distance that I was unable to spot them.
I decide to stop near Wilfred Chadwick’s cottage, where we made the grim discovery in his well. I’m not going to call in and see how he is. I’m not in the mood for a chat, or for strong milky tea in a bone china cup for that matter.
I suddenly realise I’ve not been using my expensive surveillance kit that’s in the back of my Nissan Micra. I always put my bag of kit in the car boot when I go out, just in case it comes in handy.
“I’m going to check for a tracker,” I tell Courtney.
Courtney gets out of the car with me, and watches with interest as I open my equipment case. Everything is fully charged, and I start to do a bug sweep of the car from front to back. I’ve only got as far as the offside rear wheel arch when my detector beeps and lights up.
I put on my disposable gloves and pull off a black magnetic transmitter that looks like a small turtle with its head and legs withdrawn. The way to switch it off is to remove the SIM card that’s behind the rubber bung. The small blue light goes out. Success.
“This is serious,” Courtney says, as she removes a polythene evidence bag from my kit and holds it open for me to drop the tracker in. “First, I get accused of theft. Then someone blocks our exit with a black van.”
“Which might not be connected in any way,” I say.
Just to be sure, I check the other wheel arches and the underside of the car. Nothing.
“And then someone puts a tracker on your car,” Courtney says.
“Suspicious, I agree. But I do have other cases I’m investigating. It might have been on there for a week or two. The batteries in these things last for ages. I could put it on another car in the parking area behind the pub, just to cause a bit of confusion, but it could come in useful as evidence.”
No wonder I couldn’t spot anyone tailing us out of Craidlea. “Assuming the bug is recent and someone really is tracking us today, they’ll probably guess we’re going to your place, Courtney. What do you think we should do?”
“Let’s just go there,” Courtney says. “Whoever has been tracking us will likely be around somewhere. They’ll probably see us come out from the village and follow us anyway.”
“As long as they don’t try and ram us off the road,” I say. I mean it as a sort of joke, but as I say it, I realise just how serious things could be. A protection racket run by young hooligans.

Chapter 9

“I don’t know whether to report this back at the office,” Courtney says. “I’m suspended from work, and I’ve been instructed to make no contact with anyone in CID. But I don’t know if anyone’s connected my arrest with the work of the gang I was investigating.”
“The gang would certainly do their best to obstruct the investigation by getting you suspended.”
“I agree. I think we’re up against young men, but that doesn’t mean our lives aren’t in danger. They torched the general store. Fortunately, the owner and his wife heard a disturbance below, and got out of the back window onto the flat roof of the lean-to, and safely down into the yard with their two small children. They escaped through the back gate. They came back to find the place in ruins and their business gone.”
That really makes me angry. It’s only recently that the drugs gang tried to burn down the Button Up building in an attempt to destroy any evidence I might still be holding ‒ and then shoot me because I returned in time to stop the thin man who was about to set light to the petrol he was splashing everywhere.
Courtney told me the other day that the man has decided to go to a safe house and give evidence. Very sensible. Hopefully he’s not as stupid as Gerry the Taff who contacted the gang from his safe house. The drugs gang were ruthless.
If the protection racket is run by young men new to the protection racket, it’s likely they’ll make stupid mistakes, allowing them to be caught quickly.
I check the mirror as we drive off, but there’s not much we can do if a car is waiting for us somewhere on the main road.
“I know the area well,” Courtney says. “If you go back towards Craidlea, we can turn right and go over the moors. It’s a long way round, but it would throw off any possible followers. The road is quite narrow, and it dives down through a wooded area. I know there’s a concealed parking place among the trees. We can wait there for a bit and we’ll be able to see if anyone suspicious drives past.”
“If you’re sure. Remember, this Micra isn’t exactly a speed machine. And how do you know about this parking spot among the trees?”
Courtney is silent for a moment. “I’ve been there a couple of times with ... Ollie.”
“Perhaps the gang have got him, and that’s why he’s not answering the phone.” I say it before I can shut my mouth.
“I think they’d have been in touch by now,” Courtney says, without any great conviction. She’s obviously assuming that Ollie has done a runner, perhaps with one of his “other interests.”
No one is behind us as we drive back towards Craidlea, and the road seems clear as we go up over the moor to where the road snakes through the trees. That’s when I catch sight of a black van coming up fast behind us. If it doesn’t slow down, we’ll be shunted into one of the large trees lining each side of the road.
Courtney senses that I’ve seen something dangerous behind. She turns round and says, “I’m sorry I got you into this, Janika.”
I’m feeling a bit more confident than Courtney sounds. Part of my course was evasion in a vehicle. I don’t know the road at all, and I’m hoping the driver of the black van doesn’t either. And although this isn’t a fast car, my Micra will probably corner a lot better than a large black van.
I wait until the van is closing on us, drop to third gear and put my foot down. My car picks up speed quickly, but so does the van. I don’t know if the intention of the driver is to push us off the road, hoping to kill us or kidnap us. Probably the former.
The road is dropping quite steeply to a narrow stone bridge. I doubt the driver will risk pushing us off at the bottom, because with the narrow bridge there will be nowhere to push us without risking his own life.
Stupidly or sensibly, I’m not sure which, I accelerate ‒ and then brake so hard on the narrow bridge that my ABS comes on. As I accelerate away again, I hear a sound of crashing metal behind us. I look in the rear view mirror and at the same time Courtney turns around. The van is no longer behind us.
“What happened?” Courtney asks. “I thought he was trying to rear-end us.”
“He was,” I say. “But not there. He wasn’t expecting me to brake so hard. He thought we were trying to escape and was accelerating to keep up with us. I think he lost control when I stopped so quickly, and crashed into the bridge.”
“We ought to go back,” Courtney says. “I know I’m suspended from the force, but I can make a citizen’s arrest. Or you could, Janika.”
“If he’s still alive,” I say. “No, I’m not going back. He might have a gun and only be dazed.”
I get out my phone and check our position on GPS. “I’m phoning Craidlea police station. That’s the nearest place. I’ll explain that we think there’s been a serious accident, and give them the coordinates. I’ll say an ambulance will almost certainly be needed.”
“And tell them to arrest the driver,” Courtney adds.
“On what charge?”
Courtney shrugs. “Tell them he’s been involved in a smash and grab raid. That should do it for the time being.”
“The police will know there’s been no raid. They might not take my call seriously.”
“Good thinking, Janika. Tell them the driver has been involved in a raid on a local farm, and he’s armed, and may have shot the farmer. Say you dare not stay around, but will make a statement in Craidlea as soon as you get there.”
I guess if CID officers, even suspended ones, can lie like that in the course of duty, so can I.

Chapter 10

I can’t say I’m sorry to be back in my snug apartment with Courtney and all her stuff, knowing the doors are safely locked. Courtney decided to leave her car in Brevelstone. It’s possible that if anyone is looking for her with evil intent, they’ll think she’s still at home there. And if her car is parked near Button Up, they will immediately suspect she’s with me.
At the top of the stairs I have a metal bar that slides across halfway up the door, just to deter any really determined intruders. It’s an idea I got from a couple of continental hotels.
I’ve already contacted Danny and told him about the black van. He’s been in touch with Craidlea police, and they say the driver is alive. He wasn’t wearing a seatbelt, and has concussion and a couple of broken ribs. He’s eighteen years old. He’s been taken to the large hospital in Brevelstone.
Danny says he’s explained the situation to the police, and although they were annoyed at my false report of a raid on the local farm, they found two handguns in the van, and are obviously more interested in questioning the driver than me.
The police seem to be taking things seriously, and have agreed to come here to my office where Courtney and I can make our statements in safety. Danny has agreed to be here at the same time, to make sure we’re treated strictly in accordance with police procedure.
When I told Courtney this, she said she wasn’t at all sure what the police procedure is for detective sergeants who are temporarily suspended. But I think she has great confidence in Danny’s ability to make sure that neither she nor I manage to dig ourselves into an even deeper hole.
Danny told me Sergeant Masters was puzzled to learn that Courtney Jacobs was in the car with me. I hope Danny comes soon, so we can get our stories straight before we get interviewed. Danny said the sergeant didn’t seem thrilled when he told them that I was officially investigating the charge of theft by the woman at Parke’s, on his behalf as Courtney Jacob’s lawyer.
I’m going right off Parke’s. It was all right meeting Piers Pillinger there a couple of times to discuss my two assignments to the West End art gallery in London, and I would probably go there again with him. But celebratory meals are definitely out. If Toby asks me to marry him, assuming I say yes, Parke’s is definitely not going to be our chosen venue for the reception. Roll of eyes.
It’s not only the incident with the black van, and the police interview we’re about to face, but a few minutes ago I got a phone call from my mother in Poland. She is never going to forgive me for dumping Bruno and returning to England, the country of my birth. The country of my mother’s birth, too.
She told me that Bruno is dating a beautiful model aged just eighteen, and he’s lavishing her with gifts. I can hear my mother’s voice now still in my head.
“How foolish you were, Janika, to turn your back on such a generous and loving man.”
I only wish I could warn the unfortunate young woman. Apparently she’s hoping to find modelling work, but isn’t actually employed at the moment. In fact, she has never been a model, but it seems Bruno has promised to find her work.
I wonder what sort of work. Poor innocent girl.
“Maybe it’s not too late for you to return home, Janika.”
Home? What was my mother thinking? My home is here with Abi and my other friends, not in Poland being beaten up regularly by Bruno Kamiński! It’s all to do with my father and Bruno’s father being joint owners of a large construction business. My mother desperately wants to strengthen the relationship through marriage. Well, it’s not going to be through mine.
Fortunately, Danny interrupts these memories by phoning to ask if it’s okay to park in Melanie’s place which he can see is empty. I tell him no, because Melanie has probably gone to collect Liam from school. I tell him there are usually places round the corner in Denver Street. And please can he hurry, because Sergeant Stanley Masters might be here at any moment to give me and Courtney a good grilling.

<><><><>

“So what exactly are you two planning?” Danny asks when he sits down in my office. “It seems to me that Courtney’s investigation has stirred up a hornets’ nest. People are very angry. That’s obvious.”
“We don’t think they’re professionals,” Courtney explains. “They are probably a few self-styled, ambitious young gangsters whose noses have been put out of joint when the leaders of the drugs gang were rounded up.”
Danny nods. “If they are young, as you suggest, they could be extremely irresponsible. Dangerous. Especially as the young driver of the black van had two handguns on board. It’s all right for you, Courtney,” Danny goes on to say. “When you were working officially with the CID you had the full backing of the police force. But I’m uneasy if you and Janika start getting involved.”
I shake my head. “As far as I’m concerned, Danny, this is official work. Official Button Up Detective Agency work, and Courtney is my unpaid assistant. It’s her job that’s on the line. We’re going to investigate the woman who made the complaint of theft. That’s our priority. And, yes, I know Courtney cannot make any contact with her. But no one has told me to keep away.”
I’m not actually sure if Karen Buckwell is our priority. Courtney and I haven’t really discussed a plan of action yet, but surely that has to be a main line of investigation. I’m assuming the woman is part of the protection racket, or perhaps an unwilling party who was being blackmailed into getting Courtney removed from the case.
Danny takes a deep breath, and looks embarrassed. “Now listen both of you. You’re both professionals, and it’s my job to make sure that neither of you gets arrested by the police. I want to ensure that Courtney is found innocent of all charges against her.”
That puzzles me. “All charges? What else are you thinking she could be in trouble for, Danny?”
“There’s a badly injured teenager in Brevelstone Hospital at the moment, with concussion and two broken ribs. You could both be in trouble for that.”
“That’s not our fault,” I protest. “He was following us, I admit that, but it’s not my fault if he failed to make the bend at the small bridge. He obviously misjudged the speed of his van, and thought he could keep up with my little Micra.”
Danny nods, but it’s a very cautious nod. “That remains to be seen, Janika. The driver might have a very different story to tell when he regains consciousness.”
Courtney decides to speak. “He’s going to have difficulty explaining why he had two handguns in a van if he was out for a country drive. And if he says he was trying to keep up with us, he would have to explain why. No, Danny, I don’t anticipate any trouble there.”
The bell rings from my entrance door. I now have an excellent camera and monitor keeping an eye on who is at the door. About time, too. Until recently I’d been relying on the ancient monitoring system that old Mr Jenkins, the accountant who had these premises before, had bought in the year dot.
“It’s Sergeant Stanley Masters,” I say. “And it looks as though he’s got two female officers with him. I’ve not seen them before.”
“I know who they are,” Courtney says, leaning over to look at the screen, and she’s not sounding at all excited. “They have a reputation that’s spread as far as Brevelstone. They’re known as the two Rottweilers.”

Chapter 11

Do I feel drained? The answer to that is definitely yes. Without Danny being present for the interview, I could see both Courtney and I could be facing an indefinite term of imprisonment. As it was, it was Sergeant Masters and the two women who left licking their wounds. Some Rottweilers they turned out to be!
Abi certainly married a tough guy there. I know he’s a loving husband, but when he’s older, if he becomes a barrister, he will be a formidable prosecutor or defender, depending on his role.
Branks, Davis & Waters certainly knew what they were doing when they took Danny on as a junior solicitor. I gather from Abi that Mr Branks was never too keen on Danny. I think he saw him as a threat, but the old guy has now retired, although the legal firm is still keeping his name on the board. It’s too early for Danny to be given a partnership, even though he surely has a promising career ahead.
The outcome of the meeting, confrontation perhaps, is that Courtney stays suspended from Brevelstone CID while investigations into the serious accusations of theft against her are ongoing. No date has yet been fixed for a court hearing.
Based on their current understanding of the case, the police are unlikely to charge either of us in the incident involving the black van that unfortunately left the road on a sharp bend while chasing us. I’d like to think Sergeant Masters has a grudging admiration for my driving skills, although he didn’t actually say it.
It’s accepted I’m free to investigate the woman who has made the complaint against Courtney, since it’s standard procedure for anyone in these circumstances to seek the help of a lawyer and a private detective. But, and this was made absolutely clear by Sergeant Masters, Courtney is not to seek the help of anyone at Brevelstone CID. If she does, the matter will be reported to him and senior members of the police force immediately.
Naturally, we are also not to make ourselves a nuisance in the ongoing police investigation. Well, at least it’s ongoing. I was afraid Courtney had already been found guilty in the eyes of the police.
Courtney reckons Sergeant Masters is not at all convinced of her guilt, but he has to make a show of obeying procedures to the absolute letter. I can’t blame him for that. After all, he has a job to do, although I suspect he doesn’t really like detectives from Brevelstone CID interfering in uniformed police work in Craidlea, so he wouldn’t be heartbroken if one of their detectives was found guilty of theft. Namely Detective Sergeant Courtney Jacobs.
I can hear loud voices down below in the coffee shop, led by young Liam Donovan. Danny left a few minutes ago, and Courtney and I are just sitting here staring out of the window. We’ll go down and cheer ourselves up with coffee and pastries. That’s pastries in the plural ‒ for both of us.
Liam gives us a warm welcome, and is excited to demonstrate his latest conjuring trick. It was only recently that I realised Liam always does conjuring tricks when the annoying kid, as I call him, is here with his mother.
The boy who is a couple of years older than Liam has only just arrived. His mother orders him a jam donut and a milkshake, and a pot of tea for herself. As they take their place at a convenient table, it’s a sign for Liam to start his performance.
The boy is obviously determined to catch Liam out on his tricks. So far, Liam has always come out the winner. Abi and Melanie don’t mind, because Liam’s conjuring displays bring the boy and his mother in on a regular basis, and the other customers enjoy the performance.
I have to admit that I have a special place in my heart for Liam Donovan. He seems to be remarkably resilient, and has overcome what seems to have been a neglected upbringing by his mother, who preferred young men to her own child. And I think Liam has a soft spot for me, too.
When we first met, and he heard I was a detective, there was a misunderstanding over what it meant to know Sherlock Holmes. Liam thought I actually knew the fictional character, when I was referring to knowing the stories. Anyway, he bought me a present of a Sherlock Holmes key ring, which I treasure greatly. I’ve put my Micra key on it, and I think I would rather lose my car than that key ring!
Liam produces a pack of standard looking playing cards. “I need someone to come and help me,” he says loudly, glancing briefly at the annoying kid.
Both Courtney and the annoying kid put their hands up, but Liam completely ignores her. It’s obvious to me that he wants to involve the annoying kid. I just hope this trick doesn’t go wrong, and Liam is humiliated. I’d really feel for him if that happened.
Liam shuffles the pack and holds the cards out face down in a fan shape. He asks the boy to choose one, look at it, and place it back in the pack.
The boy does as he’s told, and immediately says he wants to shuffle the pack himself. The boy looks surprised when Liam quickly says, “Of course.”
Pete brings the milkshake and jam donut across, and a pot of tea with a small jug of milk for the mother. Button Up does this sort of thing, but in a much more homely way than they do at Parke’s. And it’s a lot less expensive!
The staff here also dress up a bit, and wear black and cream striped jackets with Button Up’s own logo on the pocket. As far as I’m concerned, I simply love the more relaxed atmosphere of this place ‒ and their prices!
Liam takes the pack from the boy, and does a brief shuffle with it himself, then places the pack on our reserved table. He does a lot of mumbo-jumbo nonsense talk, waving his hands over the pack.
Suddenly he looks up, smiling. “The seven of hearts!”
From the look on the annoying kid’s face, my worst fears are being realised. “Wrong!”
Liam shakes his head. “The seven of hearts,” he repeats.
“The seven of diamonds,” the boy says triumphantly. “That was a rubbish trick.”
“The seven of diamonds?” Liam speaks in a very contrived, surprised voice. “That’s impossible. There isn’t a seven of diamonds in this pack. So it was the seven of hearts. It has to be.”
“Seven of diamonds,” the annoying kid repeats. He turns to his mother. “I told you, mum, this magic is rubbish.” He comes across to Liam. “Of course my card is there. Give me the pack. I’ll soon find it.”
“You’re welcome,” Liam says. “But you’re wasting your time. The seven of diamonds is definitely not in there.”
Everyone seems to be paying attention from where they are sitting. I can’t judge from Courtney’s expression what she’s feeling. I was hoping she’d be impressed, but perhaps not now. I guess everyone is on Liam’s side, but perhaps confused that the trick has gone so badly wrong.
The boy turns the pack face up, and starts to sort through it. Then he sorts through it a second time.
“I told you,” Liam says, before the annoying kid can say anything. “It’s not there, is it?”
The boy doesn’t say anything but returns to his mother. “I told you it was stupid,” he says. And he starts to bite into his donut.
“Hold on a moment,” Liam calls out. “I know where your card is. You didn’t put it back in the pack like I told you to. You hid it under your plate.”
The boy rolls his eyes and lifts his plate, his jam donut held securely between his teeth. And there, stuck to the bottom of the plate is the seven of diamonds.
An enthusiastic round of applause goes up from the tables. Liam has obviously been the centre of attention. The boy slams the plate down on the table, his face matching the colour of the raspberry jam leaking from the side of the donut.
“That was just so stupid,” is all he mumbles.
His mother leans across and gives him a kiss on the cheek. “Never mind, sweetheart, it was just a trick.”
Well, that’s obvious. I don’t think anyone thought it was really magic, although it’s pretty close to it. The annoying kid selected a card which he was convinced was the seven of diamonds. That card was missing from Liam’s pack, and somehow it got stuck to the plate with a donut on it. And Liam went nowhere near that table.
Perhaps it was magic after all.
I stand up and give Liam a hug. “Well done, Liam,” I say loudly. “You’ll have to tell me how you did it or I’ll never sleep tonight.”
Liam shakes his head. “I’ve told you before, Janika, a conjurer never reveals his tricks.”
My phone is ringing. Toby’s name comes up on the screen. “Hi, Toby.”
There’s a pause, and then he says, “It’s a nice afternoon. I’ve finished work early. Would you like to go for a drive?”
“I’m in Button Up at the moment.” I lower my voice. “I’m not sure it’s safe to go out for a drive. Why don’t you come round? Have a coffee and a cake, and then we can go upstairs and chat.”
“Coffee would be good. Are there any jam donuts left, or has Liam eaten them all?”
I glance across the glass cabinet below the service counter. It seems that the boy and his doting mother have taken the last one.
“Come round and see. Courtney’s here with me. I’m sure she’d like to get to know you properly. The chances of one of us being arrested in Button Up are pretty remote.” And I laugh, just to make sure he doesn’t think I’m being serious.
“Be with you in ten.”
Pete is now behind the counter preparing a coffee on the extremely noisy machine. I’m surprised Toby could hear me.
“Toby is on his way,” I tell Courtney. “He wants to see you, without any drama taking place.”
Courtney shakes her head. “Give me the keys, Janika, and I’ll slip upstairs for a bit.”
I nod towards the back of the coffee shop. “There’s a unisex loo over there, if that’s the problem.”
Courtney laughs. “Okay, I’ll be a couple of minutes. And make sure you don’t disappear in the meantime.”
I know Liam has some very clever tricks, but I can’t see him managing to make me disappear, even though I’m just on the short side of five foot four, and an English size 12. I think that’s a size 8 in America, and called a medium ‒ which just about sums me up.
Looking out through one of the large coffee shop windows I can see Bella coming this way. That’s good, she’s coming in. I wave across and beckon her to our table. I want Courtney and Toby to see her and welcome her to the town.
I know just how hard it is to set up a business where there are only strangers. I was fortunate in already recognising Abi Wells, who was Abi Button at school.
Courtney emerges from the loo, her hands still damp. I guess the hot air hand dryer is playing up again. I must remember to tell Abi, when she’s not so busy.
It seems that gossip from the arrest and formal charge of the alleged theft at Parke’s has even reached Bella. As soon as she hears Courtney’s name, she immediately connects the two and says it’s terrible what she’s heard about the incident ‒ and now she’s seen Courtney she knows she couldn’t have possibly done it. I wish the local police and Brevelstone CID would come to the same conclusion.
The two hit it off immediately. In fact, Courtney and Bella hit it off so well that I can only listen. Bella’s shop is almost ready, stock will be arriving early Monday, and Amabelia Flores, to give her her full name, will be selling “Beautiful Flowers for Every Occasion,” to quote her sign above the shop.
“All being well, I should be open for business on Monday about 10 o’clock. The local paper will be running something on me. They will be here soon after lunch on Monday. So if they bring a photographer, perhaps you could all come over and pretend to be customers. That would be beautiful. Only joking, see.”
I just love Bella’s Welsh accent and her way of speaking. It’s a bit of an eye-opener that people still speak Welsh in some areas, and it has to be taught in school. I gather there is even a Welsh television channel that’s popular.
“And who do you see as your main source of business?” Courtney asks.
Bella smiles. “With the offices around here, there will be men wanting help in choosing flowers for wives and sweethearts that don’t look as though they’ve come from a bucket outside a garage. And there will probably be guilty men buying expensive bouquets to take home to their wives.”
I don’t know if she’s serious or not about that latter observation, but I manage to slip in, “You deserve to do well, Bella.”
“I’m hoping to tap into the wedding and anniversary market, see, but I’m going to need transport for that. I have a driving licence, but don’t know what sort of vehicle to get. Probably a small second-hand hatchback rather than a van, so I can use it socially as well as for work.”
I nod enthusiastically. “You’ll have to meet Rupert Forrester. He and Alice are friends of Abi and Danny. Rupert works at the Old Mill Garage. I’m sure he’ll help you find a reliable vehicle. I’ll give....”
My voice tails off. Toby has entered Button Up. He spots us immediately, which isn’t surprising. We always sit at this table at the far end.
I jump up to welcome him. I think it’s traditionally supposed to be the man who stands up to welcome a lady, but I don’t see why it shouldn’t be done this way round.
Bella says she has to be going, because her shop isn’t secure yet. She’s already become friendly with the lady from the launderette, and she’s keeping an eye on things. The locksmith is due in half an hour, but he might be early.
I introduce Toby and Bella, and as Bella goes to the service counter to get herself a sandwich to go, Toby leans close to me and says “I’ve got news on the torched general store in Brevelstone. My company is handling the insurance claim, and I would like you to help with the investigation, Janika.”
“You mean help officially?”
“Yes, officially. You’ll actually get paid for once!”

Chapter 12

Well, that’s exciting. Toby has already told me he would try to get me some official business. He handles claims for the insurance company he works for. Well, some of the claims. Most of them are straightforward, but there’s always a suspicious claim to check on, and that’s where Toby comes in.
I’d imagined helping Toby would mean keeping an eye on someone who claimed to be permanently disabled in an accident, but would be found digging their cabbage patch, or carrying sacks of cement. Something like that. A job that would involve watching someone, and taking photographs or a video for evidence to reduce or even refuse the claim.
Toby leans closer to me, and I know he’s about to say something confidential. But he doesn’t need to lower his voice. The coffee machine is shrieking again. It’s in Pete Wilder’s capable hands, so I guess it’s not about to explode.
Toby seems to be saying something about Courtney. I don’t know if this business is so confidential that he doesn’t want to discuss it in front of her, or if he wants to know if I think she might prove helpful.
The machine suddenly goes quiet, and I catch the last three words that Toby has been trying to whisper. “... would help you.”
“It’s a bit noisy in here, and not very private,” I say. “Come on upstairs to my office and we can talk about it.”
“Great idea,” Toby says. “Let me get a coffee to take upstairs, and one of those amazing pastries, and then I’ll tell you all about it. Is ... is Courtney coming...?”
Once again I get the impression that Toby is reluctant to go upstairs with me without a chaperone. Perhaps he thinks I have a reputation to protect. Some reputation!
“Courtney and I are working together investigating the woman who claims Courtney stole from her handbag.”
“Any progress? Hold on, I’ll get my coffee and pastry, and then we can go upstairs. All three of us.”
Did he really emphasise the word three? Probably. Like me, Toby is taking this developing relationship slowly. We’ve both been hurt in the past. Me physically and emotionally, and Toby emotionally by the sudden death of his fiancée in a hit-and-run accident. We’ve kissed a couple of times – well, a lot more than a couple of times – up by the reservoir in his new car. I know the car park by the reservoir is famous, or infamous, for far more activity than kissing, but that’s definitely as far as I’m going.
The three of us are securely in my office now. I say securely, referring to the two locks on my door at the bottom of the stairs. Naturally, with so much company I don’t bother to slide the metal bar across the door at the top. I only do that at night ‒ or when a crazy gunman is chasing me up the stairs.
“Courtney has been suspended while the accusation of theft is hanging over her,” I tell Toby.
He nods. “Sorry to hear that, Courtney.”
“We haven’t done anything yet, because Courtney has no access to police records. But we now know where the woman lives. It’s a top floor apartment in a large Victorian house in Brevelstone, and I’m going to stake it out in my car and see who comes and goes.”
“And I’m going to be with Janika,” Courtney adds. “We’ll both be in disguise, and one of us can follow her when she goes out, while the other one still keeps watch. I know I can’t make contact, but I’ve not been told I can’t observe.”
“Who will be wearing the ginger wig with the ponytail?” Toby asks, in what sounds like a contrived casual manner.
“That will be me,” I say, winking at Courtney.
That seems to satisfy Toby, judging by the grin on his face. I’m starting to wish I hadn’t worn it when we pretended to be a married couple, with Liam as our son, at my investigation at the children’s play centre. I still remember my anxiety that Liam might ask Toby that because we were a family, were we going to have a baby together!
“Well, as far as the fire goes, I’m allowed to see the police and fire brigade records as part of my investigation. But I can’t help about the accusation, the false accusation of theft at Parke’s. By the way, Courtney, is your fiancé going to help?”
I feel the blood draining from my face, but Courtney doesn’t seem upset. “I’ve not seen Ollie since my arrest,” she says rather coldly.
Enough said. Toby catches on immediately, and says quietly, “I’m sorry, Courtney.”
There’s no need for any of us to add anything else. I can tell Toby a bit more about it when we’re on our own, but I know very little. And it’s not something I want to investigate, officially or unofficially. I try not to take on cases that involve affairs of the heart, unless of course Courtney wants my help.
“Courtney and I are going to make a formidable team, Toby. We’re both trained detectives, but of course Courtney has far more training and experience. Hopefully, it won’t take very long to discover the truth, and Courtney’s suspension will be cancelled.”
Courtney nods in agreement, and Toby says, “I want you to charge your standard hourly rate, Janika, if you help me officially.” He turns to Courtney. “I take it you’re still being paid.”
Courtney nods and says she is, but unless we can clear the charge of theft, that might not be for much longer. “Tell us about the fire,” she says, looking closely at Toby.
I hope she doesn’t fancy him.
“It’s like this,” Toby says. He’s carrying a zip folder, and removes a couple of A4 sheets of officially headed notepaper with printing on them. “This is where we are. You must keep everything in this report confidential, but you’ll find that the fire brigade have now proved that an accelerant was used. The owner and his wife and two small children were upstairs at the time. Although they escaped out of the back window, they were obviously in no position to tackle the fire.”
“I heard about that. So are they under suspicion?” Courtney asks.
Good question.
“The shop was well insured with us, building and stock. Our provisional examination of their two bank accounts, business and personal, which they freely gave us permission to examine, shows that although they weren’t doing especially well, they were not in debt. So at the moment we’re not considering them to be the instigators of the fire.”
“So who do you think is to blame?” Courtney asks. I’m guessing she deliberately isn’t going to mention the protection racket. “There might be other possibilities, including faulty electrics.”
“There’s not much left of the wiring, but the electrician we hired, and the electrician the fire brigade brought in, are both of the opinion that the gauge of wire meets all the current regulations, and the shop owner didn’t have anything that caused a heavy drain of electricity. And the circuit breakers seem to have operated correctly. So for the moment we’re ruling that one out. Anyway, Janika, there’s nothing technical you would need to be concerned about.”
I’m glad about that. I don’t know much about electricity, except not to poke fingers in the socket.
“So where do I come in, Toby?” I ask.
“Listen, guys, this has to be in absolute confidence. Okay?”
We both nod.
Toby looks satisfied. He doesn’t ask us to cross our hearts and hope to die, or whatever it was the boys used to say at junior school here in Craidlea.
“Courtney,” he says, sounding serious, “I know you’re looking into the possible existence of a protection racket.”
Courtney shakes her head. “Not personally ‒ at the moment. I was in charge of the investigation as a detective sergeant. It was to be my first proper job since my promotion. I don’t have anything absolutely up-to-date, but that’s the line we were taking. Probably not a big gang. Just young men who didn’t get picked up in the big raids.”
“That’s what our company has gathered,” Toby says. “But we can’t investigate protection rackets. Our remit stops at the claim. It’s not for us to look further than that, although of course we want those responsible brought to justice.” He rolls his eyes. “In other words, we don’t want any more insurance claims for fire. And that’s where you come in, Janika. And you, Courtney, as well, but for you it will have to be unofficially.”

Chapter 13

Toby is long gone. He gave me a couple of lengthy kisses as I was letting him out at the bottom of the stairs, so perhaps his interest in Courtney is purely professional. Of course it is!
I suggested to Courtney that she puts her folding bed in the office. Sam used to tell me I snored when I was worried about something. I had to take his word for that.
I’m extremely worried about Courtney at the moment. My concerns are more for Courtney than the burnt out general store in Brevelstone. After all, the owner and his family escaped, and according to Toby they are well insured ‒ unless it can be proved that they set light to the place themselves.
Courtney on the other hand risks losing her livelihood by being thrown out of the CID in disgrace. I’m going on the assumption that Courtney is totally innocent. I don’t have any concerns or hesitation about that.
“If we’re going to keep an eye on Karen Buckwell, we have to be very careful not to cross lines with the police investigation,” I tell Courtney, as she dumps some of my spare bedding on the camp bed.
I hope she’ll be comfortable. At least she won’t hear me snoring if I shut the connecting door. There will be nothing but the sound of the occasional passing traffic in the night. Oh, and the noise of Pete Wilders dragging the tables and chairs around down below just after 7 o’clock, as he prepares to open up in the morning.
The sound of the dragging tables chairs always reminds me of wild animals roaring impatiently for their food. Wicked me, I’m not going to say anything to Courtney about it. You can do that with friends!
Courtney sits down on the end of her folding bed, and it rocks violently. She looks shattered. Well, that’s understandable. She could be losing the job for which she trained and which she enjoys.
I decide not to sit with her. The bed looks too fragile for two. I turn the nearer small armchair to face the bed, and plonk myself down in it. “What’s the priority, girl?” I ask. “The burnt out shop, or Karen Buckwell? I vote for Karen Buckwell. She’s either part of the racket, or under some pressure herself from the gang. If we can find that out, we’ll be making good headway.”
Courtney lies back on the bed, doubling up the pillow to support her head. Now she’s lying down, she looks ready for sleep. “I guess Karen Buckwell is our priority ‒ to be selfish. The team at Brevelstone CID will be able to take over the protection racket, but I doubt anyone is trying very hard to find out why Karen Buckwell made the accusation about me.”
She stays silent for a moment, then she says, “On the other hand, you’ve got a proper commission from Toby. You don’t want to let him down on that.”
“Toby’s job is just an hourly rate. Your problem is a major financial loss for life. So it has to be a case of Karen Buckwell watch out, we’re coming for you!”

<><><><>

Now who is it? I’ve not looked at the clock yet, but surely it can’t be much after seven. So who’s phoning me at this time of the morning? I grab my phone from the floor by my side of the bed, and with sleepy eyes I see it’s a number I don’t recognise.
“Hello, yes?” I don’t even bother to use my traditional announcement of the business name.
“Is that the Button Up Detective Agency?” a woman’s voice asks. I judge her to be quite young, and definitely a woman.
“Yes,” I say as breezily and as confidently as I can manage. “Can I help you?”
“I have certain information for you regarding the incident at Parke’s.”
She does? I need to take this slowly. “I think you should go to the police and tell them what you know.”
“No, you don’t understand.” The woman sounds agitated. “I have certain reasons not to go to the police. I can’t go into it now, but that young detective is innocent, and I can prove it.”
My heart leaps. “Go on.”
“I have photographs and documents of interest on my phone. I’ve transferred them to a memory card. I need to hand the card over to you, but I don’t want to be seen outside your premises for both our sakes. People are watching.”
Can this really be the evidence we’re looking for? I won’t disturb Courtney yet, in case this is some sort of prank call. “So what do you suggest?”
“I don’t think you’re known to the people involved, but I can’t come and put anything through your letterbox.”
“Can you post it? Signed-for delivery perhaps.”
There’s silence for a moment. Then the woman says, “I can meet you at the park at the end of your road. I’ll be there in five minutes. I’ll sit on the bench on the far side, reading a newspaper. As soon as I can see we’re alone, I’ll get up and walk out through the archway, leaving the paper behind.”
It seems a bit sudden, but certainly worth following up.
“And please don’t try to follow me,” the woman says. “I don’t want you to see me close up, in case you recognise me in the future. The memory card will be in an envelope inside the newspaper.”
It all sounds very clandestine. Memories of old Cold War movies come to me, but I can do clandestine, especially as there’s no risk of being picked up by the Stasi or the KGB.
“And make sure you come alone,” the young woman adds. “Be in the park in five minutes.”
The line goes dead.
Come alone? Does she know I have Courtney staying here? Of course, she might not know anything, but be afraid I might bring a friend in order to try to catch her, perhaps with one of us coming through the arched entrance from the other direction.
There’s no need to involve Courtney, but I’ll just tell her I’m going out for a short walk.
It’s just as well I’m not involving Courtney. She looks surprisingly comfortable in the camp bed. She groans and pushes the blanket away from her head as I bend down and say her name. I doubt she could be ready in half an hour, let alone three or four minutes.
“Just going out for some fresh air,” I say. “Won’t be long, but help yourself to coffee if you like. There are lots of Nespresso capsules to choose from.”
The noise starts up from below. Pete is busy sweeping the floor and setting out the tables and chairs. “It’s Pete,” I explain. “Nothing to worry about.”
I need not have bothered to explain. It looks as though Courtney has gone straight back to sleep. There are nights when I wish I could sleep as soundly as that.
It’s fully daylight outside, and I glance to the left. I can see Bella moving around in her shop, so she clearly still has plenty to do. That’s not surprising. It’s Friday today, and she hopes to be opening her shop on Monday. I hope all her arrangements work out okay, and she’s able to open on time. I’ll not disturb her now. My priority is the park at the end of the road.
The park is empty. I wonder if I should have told Courtney where I’m going, just in case it’s not as safe as it sounds. Not that she would have taken it in, in her drowsy state, but I could have left a note. No, part of my course included self defence. And although I’ve been shot at a couple of times, I’m still standing.
Perhaps I’m early. There’s no one here, either sitting or walking. People come here with their dogs and doggy bags, but probably not as early as this. Come to think of it, I’ve never been here this early.
Well, five minutes isn’t an exact time. The woman informer might have been delayed somewhere, especially if she has to come a little distance by car.
Five more minutes pass slowly, and then another five. What seems like half an hour passes, and I can hear sirens not far away. Police, I think. I hope my informer hasn’t been attacked on the way here, and her body is lying in the road by Button Up. That’s a horrible thought.
Well, this clearly isn’t working. I realise I’ve forgotten to bring my phone. I left in a rush, or I could ring back on the number I received. This isn’t looking good. I need to get back quickly, and see what Courtney has to say. She should be awake by now.
The road up from the park is less then a couple of hundred yards, and it’s straight. I can see a police car and people gathered around Button Up. Was the phone call a trick to get me out of the way while Courtney was attacked?
I start to run.
Bella Flores and another woman are talking to a police officer, away from the small crowd. When the other woman sees me she points at me. I’m close enough now to hear her say, “That’s her. I saw her do it with my very own eyes.”
That’s when I realise there’s glass in the road, and all over the pavements on both sides of the road. The two large coffee shop windows are crazed all over with white crystals, and large chunks are falling out, accompanied by sharp cracking noises. The centre of the shoe shop window on the other side of the road has been broken into large shards of glass, leaving a gaping hole.
Courtney has come down, having hastily thrown on a few clothes in a rather haphazard way. The woman I don’t know is pointing at me again, and saying something to the police officer. There’s a general hubbub from the bystanders who seem to have gathered remarkably quickly, but I catch her saying, “...definitely her.”
I shake my head. “What’s happened? Who did this?”
There are two male police officers, and one of them comes across and says, “These people are accusing you of breaking the shop windows. What do you have to say? And be careful what you say. You’re facing arrest.”
“But I’ve been down in the park waiting to‒‒‒” Yes, it was a trick phone call. Obviously.
“This woman is either mistaken or lying,” I say, pointing to the alleged witness. I turn to Bella. “Did you see anything?”
She stares at the ground, obviously embarrassed.
“Did you see who it was?” I repeat.
She slowly nods. “I’m sorry, Janika, but I was standing with Mrs Miller at the time. She stopped to wish me well with my new business. We heard your door slam, and someone ran out and hit the café windows with some sort of red hammer, and then they crossed the road and threw a brick right through the window of the shoe shop. I think the person was wearing your blue jacket.”
“Well, it wasn’t me, Bella. Did you see my face? No one else could have come out of my door. You’re mistaken. It’s always locked.”
But the two women don’t sound as though they’re mistaken. There must be at least thirty people watching us now. I wonder where they’ve all come from so early in the morning. As far as I know, I’m the only resident in this part of the road. I guess the sound of police sirens has attracted them from the rows of terraced red brick houses in the roads behind the shops opposite.
I feel myself being jostled, almost as though the people are angry with me ‒ and there’s me, completely innocent. I know how Courtney must have felt when Karen Buckwell accused her of theft. It’s a horrible feeling.
I realise Pete has come out, and I ask him if he saw what happened. Unfortunately, he said he was getting stock from the stockroom, and was only alerted when he heard breaking glass. He looks a bit embarrassed, and I hope that he also didn’t “see me.”
“I didn’t see anything at all,” he says reassuringly, although I’m not convinced about it.
“Someone wants to make trouble and has been impersonating me,” I say loudly. “I was sitting down there in the park where I heard the police sirens, and came back up to see what was going on.”
“Why don’t you see if she’s got anything in her pockets,” a young man from the back of the crowd calls out. It isn’t anyone I recognise.
That’s a great idea. I start to put my hand in the side pocket and realise it’s not just my gloves in there. There’s something heavy. It’s a small red hammer like the one Abi was talking about the other day, that motorists keep in case they get trapped in their car and can’t open the windows. It must be what Bella reported seeing someone dressed like me carrying!
The officer who seems to be the more senior of the two tells me to stand exactly where I am. He produces a polythene evidence bag from his pocket and asks me to drop the hammer in there. “We’ll check it for your fingerprints,” he says.
Surely the man can’t be that stupid. “Of course it has my fingerprints on it,” I say angrily. “I’ve just pulled it out of my pocket!”
He doesn’t respond to that, but he adds, “And we’ll check it for microscopic glass fragments.”
Since it has my fingerprints on it, and whoever has just slipped it into my pocket in the crowd must have used it to break the windows, of course it will have glass fragments on it.
“And we have the brick you threw. It went right through the window, and was mixed up with the glass and the shoes.”
“Well,” I say angrily, “you won’t find my fingerprints on there.”
The officer rolls his eyes. “Of course not. It’s a brick!”
I’m ignoring that comment. The man obviously doesn’t understand irony. I turn to Courtney. “Phone Danny. Tell him to get here urgently. You and I have both been set up. Probably by the same people.”

Chapter 14

It’s nearly two hours later. Button Up is temporarily closed. An emergency window company has been contacted, and are already on their way to board up the two windows until they can obtain two sheets of glass the right size.
Tomorrow is Saturday, and Button Up doesn’t open on Sundays, so hopefully by Monday things will be returning to normal ‒ assuming the glaziers can get suitable sheets of glass in time. When I think about it, that sounds unlikely. Safety glass probably has to be cut to size in a specialist factory.
So Abi and Melanie are going to be faced with a choice of either opening on Monday in a gloomy coffee shop, or waiting a few days for the right size of glass.
If it was me, I’d open on Monday with the gloomy interior. After all, the interior lighting is good enough for dark winter afternoons, and there would be a certain fascination for customers to come and enjoy the experience. Something to tell their grandchildren about!
I’ve not been read my rights and arrested yet. Danny arrived very quickly, while the police and I were still arguing. He tells me that the police are holding off until they get Bella and Mrs Miller to say that without any doubt at all they saw me commit the crime. Although Mrs Miller is confident, Bella says there’s no way she’s going to swear on the Bible in court that it was me.
Although I didn’t spot him, a man walking past on the other side of the archway has told the police he thinks he saw me sitting in the park long before he heard the police sirens.
It seems he’s not totally convinced it was me, but he’s put some doubts into the minds of the police officers. For this reason I’ve been cautioned that I’m facing arrest, but still haven’t been arrested and charged.
As far as I can see, Abi believes I’m innocent. Or if she doesn’t, she’s putting on a very good act. It’s just unfortunate that she told me about hammers specially designed to break safety glass!
I wonder if Toby’s insurance company is involved. If the police successfully prosecute me and I’m found guilty of breaking the windows on the testimonies of Bella and the other witness, then the insurance company, whoever they are, will be after me for the money.
I’m sitting in the closed coffee shop now with Abi and Pete. And Courtney, of course. I’ve asked Bella to come and join us. I don’t intend to give her the third degree, but I really need to see how she and the other woman could have been so mistaken believing they saw me actually coming out of my bottom door.
Well, either that, or I’ve gone completely loopy and I’m not responsible for my actions. It would certainly explain the hammer in my pocket. As far as I can tell, my behaviour is completely rational, but that applies to people who are certifiably insane. The good news is I’m not Marie Antoinette. I don’t think I am, anyway!
If I’d only thought to grab my phone before I left. All my movements are tracked on there, and I could have proved I was at the park at the time of the vandalism. Oh well, that didn’t happen, so I can’t do anything about it now ‒ except be sure to always take it with me wherever I go, even when I’m in a rush, or when it doesn’t seem important.
Both Abi and Danny came immediately when Courtney phoned them. My admiration for Danny grows and grows. The way he pointed out some inconsistencies in the two witnesses’ accounts, and put enough doubts into the minds of the police officers to prevent them arresting and charging me on the spot, was a masterclass. However, I’ve been warned that I’m still under investigation, and can expect to be arrested and charged shortly.
Anyway, if it did come to court, and I’d taken my phone with me and could prove where I was when the windows were broken, the prosecution would probably claim that I gave the phone to a confederate to take to the park, so I could be busy smashing the windows believing I had a great alibi. Actually, if someone told me that, I have a feeling I’d think that’s how it was done. Anyway, I didn’t take my phone to the park!
“I’m not saying it was you, Janika,” Bella is saying, “but whoever it was, came out through your door, banged it shut, and used a hammer and a brick to break the windows. And she was wearing your jacket.”
“You mean one like it,” Abi says.
That’s good, Abi. Great point.
“Then you ... she ... ran off down the road, laughing,” Bella says. She points to the blue zip jacket I’m still wearing, the one I wore to the park. I’ve been too bothered to even think of changing. “And that’s the jacket you had on, Janika.”
There’s been quite a draught coming through the open spaces where there had recently been glass. I’m glad I kept my jacket on. Pete has already admitted to me, completely privately, that he wasn’t in the stockroom, and it certainly looked like me breaking the glass. But he only came out of the stockroom as the second window was being smashed. He couldn’t see the person clearly because the window, being tempered safety glass, was breaking into small pieces. The first window had almost collapsed.
He said he’s not going to mention anything about seeing me. I thanked him, at the same time assuring him that it definitely wasn’t me. I didn’t want him putting doubts into the mind of anyone who might be more suspicious than him.
So Pete set to work to stack the chairs on top of the tables and sweep up the remains of the glass.
The main problem for me is the shoe shop across the road. The owner there, an elderly man who seems to have been selling old-fashioned shoes in Craidlea since before the Norman Invasion in 1066, has no doubts that I’m guilty. No, he didn’t see me, but he knows Mrs. Miller who was with Bella, and she is as honest as the day is long ‒ to use his expression.
By breaking the two large windows of Button Up, someone presumably thought Danny would have nothing to do with me, and would not act in my defence. But with me being friends with Abi, they might not press charges, and my reputation wouldn’t be damaged. And that presumably wouldn’t suit their plan.
But by breaking the shoe shop window opposite, there’s no way I can get out of it, except perhaps by offering to pay for the windows. But the police are now involved, and it looks grim for me.
“You need to make sure they get their eyes tested,” says Pete helpfully, as soon as Bella has gone. “Those two might not be able to see even as far as the other side of the road. So all they saw was a blur.”
I thank him for the suggestion, but feel I need a stronger defence than that if it comes to court. “I’ve been thinking about it,” I say to everyone. “According to the two ladies’ joint testimony, they heard me.... No, they thought they heard me slam my entry door shut. Well, they didn’t, because I was in the park, and Courtney says she was still in bed. So how did they manage to do it?”
“It was a trick to get you out of the way,” Pete says triumphantly.
“I mean, how did they hear me slam my outside door shut, when it was locked?”
“Easy,” says Pete. “Hang on here, and I’ll slam it shut now.”
I hold up my keys. “You’re going to need these.”
“Oh no I won’t,” the young student says. “I’m going out now, so listen carefully.”
Pete disappears out of the coffee shop door. My entrance is set back immediately next to it. We’re all listening. Suddenly I hear my entrance door being slammed shut, even though I made sure it was firmly locked when we came in here.
Pete comes in, a grin on his face. “Well?”
That trick is worthy of Liam. But unlike Liam, Pete is willing to divulge his tricks. “I gave it a good kick,” he says. “Sounds realistic, doesn’t it?”
Indeed it does.
I’m not sure if Courtney or I are to take the lead, but I leave it to Courtney for the moment. I’m still reeling from the accusation.
“Right,” Courtney says, catching everyone’s attention, “what we have here is a very clever deception. Janika gets an urgent phone call which she thinks will put me in the clear. I’m half asleep, but Janika, not expecting trouble, pops down to the park to see the woman who has just made the phone call.”
Everyone nods. Well, there’s not anything worthy of Sherlock Holmes there. Sherlock Holmes would have spotted muddy footprints in the broken glass and known immediately that the perpetrator came straight from working in a pigsty on a farm on the west side of Craidlea Moor, where he kept a particular breed of pigs. Because only one farmer on that side of the moor keeps that breed of pigs, the guilty party is obvious. But we’re living in Craidlea, not in mythical Sherlock Holmes’ land.
“Everything has obviously been carefully planned,” Courtney says. “Someone has seen you coming out in the morning lately, and you always wear that blue jacket. Yes?”
I nod. I bought it recently in Craidlea. It’s my favourite, and it’s the only one I wear out and about at the moment, unless I’m dressing up to meet clients.
“Right,” Courtney says, “you’ve got to the park and the woman who broke the windows stands back in your doorway. Now, this is interesting. Before Pete swept up the glass I spotted something worthy of Sherlock Holmes.”
“What, do you mean it really was a pig farmer?”
Where did that slip out from? Perhaps I am going mad, and I really did break the windows. I look round and there are a few shaking heads, but nobody challenges what I’ve just said about the pig farmer. Hopefully, their attention is homed in on Courtney, and not on me.
“And?” Abi says.
“I tried to give it to the police constable and explained it was evidence, but fortunately he said there was enough glass lying around, and he definitely didn’t want any more. Which is just as well, as he would probably have thrown it away.”
Courtney pulls an envelope from her jacket and slides out what looks like a piece of glass. “Don’t touch it. I’ve only held it by the edges, but I can’t see any fingerprints. The person who broke the windows would have been wearing gloves anyway.”
We all look closely. At first sight it appeared to be glass, but I can now see it’s a small unframed acrylic handbag mirror.
“So,” Courtney says, realising she has our undivided attention, “here’s the scenario. As soon as Janika has gone into the park, the woman is waiting round the corner. When she sees that no one is watching, she hides in the recess by Janika’s entrance door. She needs witnesses, but it’s early in the morning and there aren’t many people about. But after a few minutes she spots Bella moving around inside her new shop.”
“So how could you see Bella and the other woman outside the shop, without poking her head out and looking suspicious?” Abi asks.
Courtney holds up the mirror. “Because she’s using this like a periscope. No one is likely to notice some fingers holding it in the doorway. Then, fortunately for her, but not for us, she sees Bella come out of her shop and start talking to a woman who is passing by. Anyway, I’m sure Bella would have been attracted by the sound of the banging entrance door.”
Courtney doesn’t need to explain anything more, but I let her continue. It’s only fair. Courtney is a genius. No wonder they promoted her to detective sergeant.
“Knowing she has potential witnesses,” Courtney says, “she gives your door a hard kick, Janika. She’s arranged her hair to look like yours, or more likely she’s wearing a wig. Anyway, she knows she has drawn attention to herself, and she uses the sharp pointed hammer that you subsequently found in your pocket.”
“Yes, that figures,” I say.
Courtney nods. “First she smashes these two windows, then she hurries across the road with a brick she’s brought with her, and throws it through the front window at the shoe shop.”
“Why a brick?” I ask.
“The pointed hammer won’t work on plate glass, only on tempered safety glass. That’s what the side windows of cars are made from. Plate glass is incredibly tough, but breaks into big shards when hit with a brick.” Courtney certainly sounds as though she knows what she’s talking about.
“Then what?” I ask.
“She knows she has definitely been seen. That’s important, of course. She needs at least one witness. The puzzle is, how did she manage to disappear. The two women say she ran down the road, but they were more interested in the smashed windows than noticing where she went. But if she went into the park you’d have seen her, Janika.”
“Yes,” I say slowly, “I bet she escaped through the passageway on the other side of the road. It’s about three doors down. There’s a few roads with old terraced houses through there. So when I came back up the road, having given up waiting to meet the young woman who phoned me, I‒‒‒”
Pete is frowning. “Something doesn’t make sense,” he says, interrupting me, “How did you end up with the hammer, Janika?”
I don’t want Courtney to steal all the limelight, so I say, “She must have had an accomplice. Probably a young man who was in the crowd that was pushing around. It wouldn’t have been difficult to slip a similar hammer into my pocket. I assume he was wearing gloves. The only fingerprints on it will be mine, when the police check.”
“So what happens now?” Pete asks. He turns to Abi. “If you’re not going to open up today, is it all right if I help Janika and Courtney? I’m good at detective work. Hayley and me caught the Italian who tried to scam Melanie.”
I want to say, “Hayley and I,” but that would confuse Pete, and he’d say it wasn’t me, it was him. Anyway, who am I to correct young people’s grammar!
At that moment, Melanie appears in the doorway. She must have just dropped Liam off at school. “What on earth...?”
“Don’t ask,” Abi says, and then she starts to cry.
I think we’re all on the verge of tears. “We’re going to catch the person who did it,” I say, with as much reassurance as I can manage.
“And I’m going to help,” Pete adds. Then he says, completely off his own bat, “And the first place we’re going to search for clues is the passageway three doors down the road. I bet the police never thought to look there!”

Chapter 15

I don’t see why Pete shouldn’t help, as long as Abi doesn’t need him for more clearing up. “Good thinking, Pete. Welcome on board.”
Abi seems reluctant to let him go, although I assure her it’s only for the morning. Melanie, who is now getting over her initial shock, reminds Abi of just how clever Pete had been in unmasking Señor Rocco. So Abi relents.
“Up to my office,” I say. “Let’s not all rush off doing different things. We need a plan of attack.”
I sense that Pete is anxious to do exactly that, rush off and start looking for clues in the passageway. Although it’s worth inspecting, I don’t see it as a priority. If someone involved with the smashed windows used that as an escape route, they will surely have checked it since, in case they accidentally left anything incriminating behind.
“Right,” I say.
Courtney and I are sitting in the small armchairs, and Pete is in one of the upright chairs used by clients. Seeing him sitting there, in a position that’s so much higher than us, I’m wondering if Pete should be down here and I should be there. Well, it is what it is.
“Right,” I say, “we need to work on the assumption that these various incidents are connected. Courtney is put in charge of investigating a possible protection racket in Brevelstone.” I look up at Pete. “And that’s confidential.”
Pete just nods.
“So let’s believe that the alleged theft at Parke’s was fixed in order to get Courtney off the case ‒ suspended even.”
“Makes sense,” Courtney says.
She’s obviously leaving the next bit to me. “So Courtney and I decided to team up to try to track down the woman and her motive. It’s reasonable to believe she’s involved in some way with the protection racket.”
Pete makes a sort of whistle through his teeth, but other than that he remains silent.
Courtney glances briefly at me and I continue. “And the gang, the protection racket gang, realise that Courtney and I are teaming up. So they now need to discredit me.”
“They certainly did that,” Pete says. “Lots of people were taking pictures on their phones. They will be all over social media. I even think I saw the local reporter interviewing people.”
I groan. I missed that, although I should have been prepared for it. The reporter didn’t even ask me for a statement, where I could have denied responsibility. So she only has the police opinion to go on.
“In that case, Pete, I’m definitely discredited. The paper is bound to hint that I’m guilty in some way, and no one is going to come here with any business.”
Courtney leans back in the chair, but it’s not a relaxed sort of leaning back. “So you and I are completely destroyed, Janika. Clever.”
“I’d start by finding the woman who made the complaint,” Pete says. “Threaten her. But only after searching the passageway for clues.”
“Yes, thank you, Pete,” I say, deliberately making my words sound dismissive.
Pete gets the point. “Sorry, Janika. I’ll sit absolutely silently.”
I know he won’t be able to, but it’s a genuine offer.
“Hayley will be here soon,” Pete says. “Button Up is closed for the day, so she won’t have any work to do here. We could follow someone. We’re good at that. We followed Señor Rocco and proved he was two-timing Melanie. That wasn’t even his real name, but I did a clever trick and got his fingerprints for the police.... Yes, okay, I’ll stay quiet.”
I’m starting to wish we hadn’t brought Pete up here with us, but he does seem extremely keen to help. I go to my bag and remove a pair of disposable gloves and a clear evidence bag which I pass to him. “Why don’t you go and search the passageway now? Remember, look for anything the woman might have dropped or discarded on the way.”
“There’s no report that the woman had a dog, so don’t bring back anything too messy,” Courtney says, laughing. Well, that’s a turnaround. Perhaps we’re relaxed enough now to think clearly.
Pete doesn’t seem amused, although I can’t stop laughing for a minute. He knows where the spare keys are under the carpet near the bottom of the staircase, and I tell him to take them with him. “But,” I add, “just watch out for unwelcome company. I mean that, Pete.”
Pete says, “Okey dokey,” and we hear him run down the stairs a lot faster than I dare do it.
“Do you think he’ll be safe?” Courtney asks.
“I don’t think any baddies, as Liam calls them, will be hanging around. If they know they left any evidence behind, they’ll have picked it up long ago. Our only hope is that they dropped something incriminating without realising.”
“I suppose you realise we’ve still got the tracker we pulled off your car yesterday,” Courtney says. “I need to get that to the police, and also the small acrylic mirror in the evidence bag over there. The problem is, I’m suspended and under suspicion. No one in the CID office back in Brevelstone is allowed to have anything to do with me ‒ or with any so-called evidence I produce, as it could be manipulated.”
“I’ll ask Abi to mention it to Danny. I guess if he hands it in himself it will carry a bit more weight. We’ll get Abi up here in a few minutes. I expect she’ll be glad of a break.”
Courtney smiles. I’m glad to see that she can still smile in the circumstances. “And get her to bring up a few pastries when she comes. That food down there will need eating.”
Unfortunately, the daily delivery of fresh food arrived shortly after the police left, and the driver insisted on leaving it. I know they have a fridge and freezer down there, but frozen pastries can be clammy and horrible when they’re thawed out. But I expect Liam and his friends will still enjoy them.
“Right,” Courtney says, “get a notepad and write down what we have to do. Then we can knock it around into order of priority.”
I reach over to my desk and grab a large notepad. I already have a pen in my pocket. I always keep one there. “Suggestions. In no particular order.”
Courtney seems calm and collected now there’s work to do. “Search the perpetrator’s escape route.”
“Already being done.” But I write it down anyway.
“Observe Ms Karen Buckwell.”
“Good one. And I’m adding, follow her, but at a distance. Remember, Courtney, you can’t contact her.”
“Find out if the owner of the convenience store was the victim of a protection racket.”
I’m starting to write that down, when I come to a halt. “I thought your CID were doing that.”
“You’re right, Janika. If I look into that, even if I find evidence of a protection racket, my boss will claim that I’ve contaminated the evidence to be in my favour, and might even have to drop the case. But if you’re working for Toby on an insurance investigation, that’s not a problem.”
“I know something we’ve not thought of yet, Courtney. I only bought that blue jacket a few weeks ago. I doubt the shop has sold many. It’s a small boutique near the railway station. They’ll remember me, and hopefully they’ll have records of their other customers.”
“Good one, Janika. You’re right about giving Danny the tracker and mirror so he can take them to the police. Let’s call Abi up now. She might have a few bright ideas we’ve missed.”
I can hear the downstairs door being unlocked. I know Abi has a set of keys in the Button Up safe, but she wouldn’t be coming back up without letting us know she’s on her way.
It has to be Pete back much earlier than expected. Here’s hoping he’s bringing back some excellent evidence, and hasn’t received a serious injury from one of the gang!
“Just see what I’ve found,” we hear Pete’s excited voice calling up from the bottom of the stairs.

Chapter 16

Pete comes into the office holding in his gloved hand a blue zip up jacket similar to mine, but it’s filthy, covered in white dust. I guess this is evidence, but it’s too large to put into a standard evidence bag.
“And guess what’s in the pocket.” Pete is obviously hiding something inside the jacket. He pulls out the evidence bag containing a red emergency window break hammer. “I’ve cracked it for you,” he says smugly. “The case ‒ not another window!”
Part of me thinks Pete has helped us make a major step forward, and the other part thinks that the jacket looks much too old and dirty to have been worn recently. But the coincidence of the jacket having a small red glass breaking hammer in the pocket is pretty conclusive. This is indeed evidence.
I can see Courtney frowning. “But why is it so filthy, Pete?”
“It’s thanks to my genius brain working in detective mode,” Pete says, winking at me. He pulls a chair across from my desk and sits down, presumably ready to reveal just how brilliant his brain is.
“When I got to the passageway I got thinking. If I had broken the windows – and of course it wasn’t me – I would want to get away as quickly as possible. I’d know you’d gone down to the park, Janika, because I made the phone call and watched you go. I also would know that the flower shop lady was watching, so my best escape route would be the passageway.”
Courtney and I both nod. I don’t want to say it, but I was the first to suggest that the passageway was the obvious escape route.
“Go on,” Courtney says impatiently.
“Yes, Pete, don’t keep us in suspense,” I add.
Pete nods smugly. “Now here’s the clever bit. The woman must have sussed out the area first, to know about the passage. Or perhaps she’s local. Before you say anything, Janika, we know she needed to be seen when she broke the windows. But after she escaped, she didn’t want to be seen wearing the blue jacket.”
I nod towards the jacket that Pete has laid across the coffee table. “And you think this is it?”
“For sure. At the far end of the passageway some builders are working. There’s a skip full to the top with old bricks, plaster, and general rubble. Aha, I thought, that’s where I would hide a jacket.”
Pete pauses for dramatic effect, and he looks pleased that neither Courtney nor I interrupt him.
“If it was me hiding the jacket, I wouldn’t leave it on top where anyone could see it. I’d hide it under some of the rubble, and hope the skip got removed before anyone thought to search inside it. So I started to dig around, and someone shouts, ‘Oi, what are you up to?’ So I got out my Janika Jones Detective Agency card and showed it to a man who was standing in one of the gardens.”
“Your Janika Jones Detective Agency card?”
“Well, you leave them on the counter, Janika. And you authorised me to go looking for evidence. So I went as a representative of the Button Up Detective Agency.”
I’ve not thought of anyone using my cards before, but everyone gives out business cards with a name on, so I guess there’s no great danger in being impersonated.
“I showed the man my card. He looked at it and nodded. I said we at the Detective Agency had reason to believe there was evidence of a crime inside the skip. He started to get a bit stroppy for a moment, but I assured him that if there was evidence in the skip, it was a criminal who had planted it there, not him. The sooner it was removed, the sooner the police would no longer being interested in taking him down to the police station to answer lots of questions.”
“Pete,” I gasp, “you didn’t really say that, did you?”
Pete shrugs. “Maybe not those exact words, but I made sure he knew what I was doing was official and important. So he stood by me as I lifted some pieces of plasterboard and old tiles. And there was this jacket covered in muck. I shook most of it off before bringing it here. I explained I was taking it as evidence of a serious crime, and he said, ‘Oh, you mean the smashed windows?’”
Pete pauses again, almost certainly for dramatic effect.
“What happened next?” Courtney asks.
She doesn’t know Pete as well as I do, and he looks a bit crestfallen. I think he was expecting a round of applause. I nod encouragingly, and he smiles.
“Then the man watched in awe as I put on the latex gloves, like a real detective, and felt in the pocket. And there was this little hammer which I put straight in the evidence bag. I could see he was impressed. Then I asked if he’d seen anything suspicious earlier today, and he said he hadn’t. He’d not been up long.”
Pete pauses again, and this time Courtney doesn’t interrupt.
“Did I do well, or did I do well?”
“You did brilliantly well, Pete. I suppose it would have been better if the police had done their job properly, and searched the whole area immediately after the crime. But they were convinced I was guilty, because of what the two independent witnesses said. And of course the hammer was in my own jacket pocket. So I guess they didn’t think there would be any point in searching that far afield.”
Suddenly Pete says, “It did look like you breaking the second window, Janika. I was in the stockroom when I heard a loud crack, but I didn’t think much of it. But I came out just in time to see the second window being broken. It immediately cracked all over so I couldn’t see through it clearly. I know, I know, keep calm, I’ve never really thought it was you. But I’m glad to be able to bring back the proof.”
I’m not sure if Pete is joking or not. Surely he hadn’t really suspected he’d seen me breaking the window.
“Shall I phone and ask the police to come and collect it?” he asks.
Courtney has opened the jacket. She’s not wearing gloves but there won’t be any fingerprints on the cloth. “I’m not sure the police will be interested. They think Janika is guilty, and there’s no proof that we didn’t plant a similar jacket as a diversion in their investigation. But look here at this label. Fetch your blue jacket, Janika.”
I do as I’m told. I’m in a sort of daze, not thinking properly. Perhaps it’s just as well that Pete is on the case. There is a flaw in our investigation. How could someone have bought a jacket that looked like mine so quickly?
“It doesn’t make sense,” I say. “The blue jacket means that someone has been planning this for a week or more, keeping watch on me.”
“Of course they have,” Courtney says. “As soon as they knew I was in charge of investigating the protection racket, whoever they are, they made a plan to discredit me. They’ve had nearly two weeks to get this plan up and running.”
“Makes sense,” I say. “It still doesn’t explain this crazy plot with the blue jacket.”
“Yes it does,” Courtney says. “When your Sam was killed, they must have known you and I joined forces to prove he was murdered and didn’t take his own life.”
“Has anyone in the gang been arrested for his murder?” I ask.
Courtney shakes her head. “Not a single person claims to know anything about it, let alone admitting being involved in Sam’s murder. Someone is lying, of course, but if we assume the protection racket is being run by young surviving members of the gang, they’ll guess we’ll team up and try to hunt them down.”
I get it. “So any evidence I hand to the police won’t be taken seriously. It’s only thanks to Danny Wells that they’ve listened at all about any evidence. He says the police have told him that the call to get me down to the park was made locally, from a burner phone that’s now been switched off. But that’s all they’re prepared to tell him.”
Pete is frowning. “But supposing no one was passing by to say it was Janika, and she came straight back because there was no one in the park?”
Courtney nods. “It didn’t have to be today. Since you bought your blue zip jacket recently, have you always worn it when you go out in the morning, Janika?”
“Well, recently, every morning, yes. It’s chilly at this time of the year out early.”
“So they probably had you under surveillance for a few days, knowing you and I would team up,” Courtney says. “The woman who broke the windows sees you going down to the park. She’s already wearing a wig that looks a bit like your hairstyle, and she puts on this blue jacket. Easy.”
“Okay,” Pete says slowly, “but what if Janika wasn’t wearing it?”
Courtney shrugs. “I guess they took a chance. Or perhaps they thought the two witnesses would be so convinced that they’d seen Janika leaving, that they weren’t too bothered about the colour of your jacket.”
Good one, Courtney. “I agree witness evidence can be unreliable,” I say. “People are easily influenced by things they see and hear subsequently. So Bella and her friend simply assumed it was me coming out of my door, but didn’t see any significance in it, and probably wouldn’t have been able to say what I was wearing. But when they saw me coming back from the park they remembered the blue jacket, and put everything together. So then they knew for sure it was me.”
“That makes sense, Janika,” Courtney says. “Knowing where she appeared from, it had to be you!”
Pete smiles. “I can see why you’re both famous detectives.”
I think Pete is speaking the truth and not being sarcastic, but Courtney makes no comment and opens my jacket and compares the label with that on the filthy jacket Pete has retrieved from the skip.
“Clearly it’s not the same make. Yours is a more expensive model, Janika. I can tell by the stitching and the texture of the fabric. This one is made in Taiwan, and will have come from one of the budget clothes shops.”
Pete looks excited. “I’ll use my Detective Agency card and take it round the town. I’ll go into all the women’s clothes shops and ask if they’ve sold one like it in the last two or three weeks.” He pauses. “I’ll need Hayley with me. It would be too embarrassing otherwise, in case any of my friends saw me. But we need to clean it up a bit first.”

Chapter 17

Actually, we need to clean it up a lot. And I don’t want Pete and Hayley going around the shops. They are far too young to be taken seriously as private investigators, even though Pete will be waving one of my cards around.
When I explain to Pete that it’s a job for me and Courtney, because they are rather young, Pete replies, “You’re right, Janika. It’s definitely a job for old people.”
I wink at Courtney, and she just laughs. Anyway, I think Pete was being a bit cheeky deliberately, as a joke. Well, I hope so.
“So what can I do to help?” he asks.
“You need to go and help Abi finish the clearing up,” I say. “You’ve been a great help this morning, but Abi is paying you by the hour. So why don’t you go down and earn a bit more money.”
Pete gives a rather reluctant nod. “And what about the two of you?”
“By the time Hayley comes, Courtney and I may have found something you can do together. If we do, I’ll pay you both the same rate as Abi does. But no promises. And ask Abi to come up, please. Don’t put my keys back under the carpet when you let yourself out. Give them to Abi, so she can let herself in.”
Pete has been extraordinarily resourceful in retrieving the jacket. He certainly has the mind of a detective. I’m not sure I would have thought to dig around in a skip. But it’s obvious now I think about it. No way would the perpetrator have wanted to be seen in a blue zip jacket as she walked or ran past the terraced houses.
Most of the people in the crowd must have come from those houses, attracted by the police sirens. If so, they might have passed the woman on the way, and recognised her. And if they are prepared to make a statement to the police, perhaps the heat will be off me.
I can hear the downstairs door being unlocked, and Abi’s cheerful voice calling up the stairs, “Wow, this is some day. I’m glad to have a break.”
She comes into the room with a plate containing a selection of mixed pastries. “Well, girls, these need eating. People always expect fresh cakes and pastries at Button Up, so I’ve no intention of freezing them.”
The offer is tempting, but I’ll only eat one. My special favourite, the apple Danish.
“Pete seems pleased with himself,” Abi says. “He says he’s cracked the case for you.”
Courtney and I both laugh. “Not exactly,” I say, “but he’s certainly opened the door a bit wider. He found this filthy jacket in a skip the other side of the passageway that cuts through to the houses.”
“How do you know it’s the one the woman was wearing?”
“Easy, Abi,” Courtney says. “The hammer that was used to break your windows was in one of the pockets.”
Abi frowns. “I thought you found that in your pocket, Janika.”
“Two hammers,” I say brightly. “Someone uses one of them to break the windows, but has to run away with it. Then someone in the crowd plants the other one in my pocket in all the pushing and shoving, to make me look guilty.”
Abi breaks into a broad smile. “So you’re fully in the clear, Janika. That means I can put in a claim for the windows with the insurance.”
I shake my head. “Unfortunately, Abi, not fully in the clear. If the case comes to court, the prosecutor will claim that I planted the coat myself. Pete will say it definitely came from the skip, and the prosecutor will say of course it did, because I put it there.”
“So what are your tactics, girls?” Abi asks.
“We need to question the residents of every house, and ask if they saw a woman running past them as they hurried here to see what all the fuss was about,” Courtney says. “And if they recognised who it was, and she admits that she did it, Janika is in the clear. I’d really love to speak to Karen Buckwell,” I add. “I also want to question the owner of the general store in Brevelstone when I go there with Toby, to make him admit that he was caught up in the protection racket, and refused to pay.”
But Courtney says no, we mustn’t interfere with what Brevelstone CID are doing. “The key to unlock this case has to be Karen Buckwell. We need to pay her a friendly visit, but of course I can’t.”
“Not yet,” I say. “Let’s sort out the problem of who smashed the windows. At the moment, the police probably aren’t investigating that. They think they’ve already caught the guilty party. Me.”
“Well, they’re seriously wrong there, Janika,” Abi says quickly.
“Thanks, Abi. Let’s find a reliable witness who saw a woman in this blue jacket running through the passageway. Even better, a witness who saw her hiding the jacket in the skip. Then the police won’t be able to say I planted the jacket there for Pete to find. They’ll stop bothering me and do the work they should be doing.”
Abi nods. “I’m concerned about both of you. You’re being blamed for breaking the windows, Janika, and Courtney is suspended from the police because of the accusation made by this Karen Buckwell at Parke’s. It seems to me that both are a priority. How can I help? Things aren’t exactly busy down below in the coffee shop with no customers.”
I say, “I think we ought to go banging on every door the other side of the passageway, asap. We could ask Pete and Hayley to help. There must be at least forty terraced houses in those little roads. I think we ought to start now and not wait for Hayley.”
“Hayley doesn’t normally come in this time on a Friday,” Abi says, “but she’s already downstairs. She didn’t want to miss any of the excitement. I only pay her for afternoons, not mornings, but I don’t think she’s bothered about that. She’ll take any chance to see Pete.”
“Hold on a moment,” I say. “How did Hayley hear about the broken windows? It’s not on the local news, is it? Oh, I really hope not!”
Abi laughs. “Calm down, Janika. Pete phoned Hayley to say what had happened. So it’s not on the local news.” She thinks for a moment. “But it will be. But perhaps not until this evening!”
So with Hayley, that makes five of us to go knocking on doors, which is probably less than ten houses each. And we can ask around the area generally, not just at the houses.
There’s a question I have to ask Abi, and I really, really don’t want to cause offence and damage our relationship. But the question has to be asked. She might be hiding a guilty secret.
“What’s up, girl?” Abi asks, sensing my unease.
I take a deep breath. “Please don’t misunderstand what I’m about to say, Abi. Courtney and I think we’ve been accused of crimes in order to stop the investigation into a protection racket. We’re working together now Courtney has been suspended.”
“And?” Abi asks.
“Abi, have you or Melanie been approached to pay money for protection?” There, I’ve said it.
Abi looks surprised. “Definitely not! Are you thinking that might have been the reason for my windows being broken? Because I didn’t pay? I’d know if Melanie has been approached. No, definitely not! And, Janika, I can see why you had to ask the question. You haven’t caused any offence. Promise. I appreciate your professional attention to detail.”
She stands up and claps her hands. “Come on, you two, what are we waiting for?”

Chapter 18

We are all gathered outside Button Up. The council street cleaners came surprisingly quickly. They temporarily closed the road, and swept up the glass on both pavements and the road itself in less than an hour.
The glaziers aren’t local, but they’ve arranged with a local builder to secure the windows as a matter of urgency. The glaziers will be here later to measure up for replacement glass. It looks strange to see large sheets of chipboard covering the frontage of Button Up.
The owner of the shoe shop across the road is in his doorway glaring across at me. He obviously has no doubts about my guilt. I’m glad I have the others around me for protection. He’s old, so I guess I’m not in any physical danger. But just the way he’s looking at me makes me shiver.
The owner doesn’t live above the shop. That’s his stockroom, which is probably full of shoes that he hopes will come back into fashion one day, although I’m not sure he understands the meaning of the word. The first he knew about the broken windows was when he arrived for work soon after 8:30. I gather the police told him I’d done it.
I’m feeling almost guilty under his withering glare. If the case does come to court, I can see myself breaking down under the fearsome attack of the prosecuting counsel, and confessing to a crime I didn’t commit. But of course I’ll have Danny to defend me, and he’ll hopefully make the prosecutor look completely incompetent.
Nevertheless, I’m glad when we set off through the passageway to where Pete found the blue jacket. Pete points to the skip which is now empty. In the short time since he dug into it and found the jacket, the skip company have taken the old one away and delivered a new one. Oh, I’m so glad we sent Pete off to look for evidence, even though I honestly didn’t expect him to find any.
“I did well,” Pete says proudly, with not even a hint of modesty. “Come on, Hayley, let’s get knocking on those doors.”
Back in the office, I brought up a map of the area on my computer, showing the road names. I’ve printed off copies for all of us, and colour-coded the roads so we don’t duplicate our enquiries and annoy the residents.
It’s Friday today and although some people will have already gone to work or to the shops, I think we’ll be in time to catch the early bird. Or early worm. Or whatever it is that’s early.
Courtney and I have already decided that if Pete has Hayley with him, the enquiry will be taken seriously, although I warned him to smile and appear friendly. And he isn’t to get into any deep conversation or offer any theories. Just explain about the windows, hand over one of my cards, and say he’s asking if anyone saw someone running from the passageway. If they did, did they recognise the person? And of course not to mention the blue jacket, because the woman might have hidden it by then.
Pete turns to me. “If someone saw the woman by the skip, they may have seen her hiding the jacket. So I need to ask them that, too. Yes?”
“Yes,” I say. “Good thinking, Pete.”
“Brilliant,” Abi says.
I’m sure we would all have thought about that eventually, but at least Pete has helped clarify things. I hope, just hope, that we find someone who saw the woman by the skip. Even if they don’t know who she is, their evidence of seeing a woman – who isn’t me ‒ dumping the jacket will surely convince the police of my innocence.
When that’s sorted, Courtney and I can try to get Danny to persuade Karen Buckwell to admit that she was forced into making the accusation. I’m hoping for Courtney’s sake that the CID in Brevelstone are doing something about that, although I have serious doubts that Sergeant Stanley Masters here in Craidlea is doing anything to find someone to blame for the broken windows ‒ apart from me.
I’m a little anxious about Pete and Hayley being set loose to quiz householders, but it’s important to get on with it quickly. I’ve told them to make a note of any houses where no one comes to the door. We can call back later.
The first house I go to reminds me very much of the long terrace of dark red brick houses on the other side of Abi and Danny’s road. They were all built to a surprisingly high standard to house workers in the long gone cotton mill. The door is a modern white plastic monstrosity that would ruin the whole row if it wasn’t for just about every house having a similar door.
I can hear someone shuffling along the hall and see a shadowy figure through the glass panel. An elderly man comes to the door. “Yes?”
He doesn’t look at all happy to be disturbed. I don’t know if he thinks I’m selling something or have come to preach to him, but I put on my best smile and say, “I’m sorry to bother you, but I’m here about the broken shop windows early this morning.”
He frowns at me and shrugs. A stale smell of old cooking is wafting out from the house. “We don’t want any new windows, thank you,” he says, starting to shut the door. “We had them all changed a few years ago.”
“I’m talking about the broken windows in the coffee shop and shoe shop.”
“Nothing to do with me. You can ask our John. He said something about it. He’s at work at the moment, but he’ll be back for lunch.”
I need to know what time this John goes to work. “That’s good. When will John‒‒‒‒”
The door has been firmly closed.
I definitely want to come back later. I wonder how the others are getting on. I try the next three doors. There’s someone in each of the houses, but they all seem suspicious of me, as though I’m the police, and they have something to hide. I honestly don’t think any of them witnessed anything.
I phone Courtney, and she’s doing no better than I am. But we each have a house to go back to later, although I think we’re sinking, while clutching at some waterlogged straws as we drown.
As I’m walking up to the next front door, my phone rings and I see it’s Pete. “Janika, Janika, listen to me. I think we’ve hit the jackpot here. There’s a man who was having his breakfast when he heard the police car sirens. He’s a bit confused, but it looks as though he thought he was hurrying to see some sort of big accident. I guess he’s got a rubber neck. He’s not saying much to us, because he wants to see the person in charge. I guess that’s you, Janika.”
Okay, I suppose it is. Well, me and Courtney. Pete gives me the name of the road and the house number. He’s actually waiting for me inside the house with Hayley. I don’t know whether to phone Courtney to tell her what’s happened. Probably not at this stage. I might be wasting my time, and we do need to keep calling at all the houses in the area while people are still home.
Mr Redding – he doesn’t give us his first name – is probably well into his seventies, and possibly his eighties. I just hope his eyesight and his memory of what he saw are both good. His hearing must be good, anyway, if he detected the sirens, so that’s promising.
“Tell me what happened, Mr Redding,” I say. “My detective colleague here says you may have witnessed something important following the broken windows early this morning.”
I notice Pete raise his eyebrows in surprise, but he seems happy with the job description I’ve given him. I can see Hayley giving him a nudge. I hope they don’t start giggling. I want Mr Redding to know this is a serious matter.
“This morning?” Mr Redding says.
Oh dear. “You heard the police sirens and went through the passageway to the road where the Button Up coffee shop is.”
“That I did, miss.” He hasn’t bothered to look at my card, so he doesn’t know my name. But I’m not fussed about that.
“Smashed glass everywhere. Someone needs to be locked away for that. They say it was that young detective who lives above that coffee shop. She seems to have gone mad.”
I notice Pete is about to say something unhelpful, so I raise a finger to him to keep quiet. He does.
“No,” I assure Mr Redding, “it was someone who looked like the young detective.”
“Well, whoever it was, she came running past me. Bumped right into me.” He leans forward and peers closely at me. Then he turns to Pete. “That’s her. Why have you brought that detective woman in here?”
I suppose it’s my fault for wearing the blue jacket, but I thought it might jog a few memories. Which it clearly has!
“No, it definitely wasn’t me. But where did you nearly bump into her?”
Mr Redding is still peering closely at me. “You bumped into me. Don’t you remember? You didn’t even apologise. Just pushed me out of the way.”
I’m glad now that Mr Redding hasn’t studied my card, because if he tells the police I’m “that young detective” I’ll be finished.
Pete has completely disregarded my raised finger. “Mr Redding, this isn’t the lady you saw. But it was a lady who looked like her.”
Mr Redding doesn’t seem to be convinced.
“Was she wearing a blue zip jacket at the time?” Pete asks.
There’s a long, long pause. I can almost sense the wheels turning inside Mr Redding’s head. It’s as though he has a pet gerbil running in a wheel inside his skull, keeping his brain active. For a moment it looks as though the gerbil has gone to sleep. That makes me smile.
“What’s this young lady finding funny?” Mr Redding says.
“She’s often like that,” Pete says quickly. “Why don’t you tell me what the lady with the blue jacket did.”
Mr Redding points at me. “Ask her, not me.”
I’ve given up. I nod to Pete. I’m going to let him take it from here.
“Mr Redding,” Pete says very slowly, “the police need to catch the lady who broke the windows. This is a lady who looks like her, but we know it’s not her because she was in the park at the time waiting to meet someone. Which way did the lady with the blue jacket go?”
Mr Redding closes his eyes in thought. Perhaps he’s no longer fixated on me being guilty. Or maybe he’s having a quick forty winks. “I’ve got it now,” he says suddenly. “It wasn’t this lady at all.”
Well, at least we’ve established that. Things are starting to look more hopeful.
“Did she take the jacket off?” Pete asks.
Hayley is clinging onto his arm, staring at his face in fascination and admiration. This seems to be a side of Pete Wilders she’s not seen before.
“Jacket?”
“A blue jacket,” Pete says calmly. “The woman with the blue jacket you said was by the skip.”
Mr Redding frowns. “I don’t know anything about that skip, young fellow. Just builders’ rubble in there. No use to anyone.”
And I thought we were so nearly there. I hold my breath and let Pete continue. “Did she put anything in the skip?” Pete asks the question so gently that I’m also seeing a new side to the lad.
“That I couldn’t say, young sir. I wanted to see what all the hullabaloo was in the road. Smashed glass everywhere. Police, people pushing and shoving. And that Button Up place with the huge smashed windows. And Jasper who keeps the shoe shop shouting louder than anyone about his broken window. There were three broken windows see.”
Pete turns towards me frowning. I’m wondering if he wants me to take over the questioning. But before I can say anything, Mr Redding points at me.
“It was you, miss. You pushed hard into me. You need to mind your manners. You nearly knocked me over, running like that.”

Chapter 19

We manage to get out of Mr Redding’s house without being offered a cup of strong milky tea. Not that I think he was about to offer us one. He was still lecturing me about pushing people around as we said goodbye at the front door, before he slammed it forcibly shut.
“That didn’t go too well,” Pete says dryly, as we stand outside the house. “I’m sorry, Janika. It seemed so promising.”
“Don’t worry, Pete. I agree, it did sound promising. I think the best we can hope for is that Craidlea police don’t get the same idea as us, and come knocking on Mr Redding’s door with my picture!”
It’s Courtney’s turn to phone me now. As I answer the call, I’m just hoping she hasn’t found the female equivalent of Mr Redding.
“How’s it going, Janika?”
“Slow. How about you?”
“Whoever I speak to, they either saw nothing, or were anxious to get through the passageway to see what was happening in your road. I’ve just seen a young woman who thinks she saw someone coming her way wearing a blue zip jacket, but no way would her testimony stand up in court.”
“How about doorbells? I haven’t come across one yet, but some people around here must have security doorbells with cameras. Keep an eye out.”
“It’s a good idea, Janika, but think about it. We know the woman dumped the jacket in the skip. So by the time she’s got here, she’d just be someone running. Or more probably walking slowly so as not to arouse suspicion. What we need is somebody who saw the woman in blue behaving suspiciously by the skip.”
“Someone reliable,” I say, thinking of Mr Redding.
Abi has joined me now, and she’s been listening into the conversation which is on speakerphone. “I’ve just met someone with a camera who’s taking a series of pictures of local craftsmen at work, and just happened to be looking around the area for ideas.”
“Seriously?”
“She decided to discuss the subject of the skip with the builders. She was planning some low angle shots with the sun coming over the building behind to make things more dramatic, and wondering where to ask the builders to stand, and what they should be doing. She knew she was early, because the sun wasn’t high enough yet. But she wanted to take a few test shots without anyone in the picture, to examine later and work out where to place the subjects.”
“And?” I ask impatiently.
“Unfortunately, she felt that the person who was mucking around in the skip would only be a distraction. So she decided to come back later when they’d gone, and the sun would be high enough for what she had in mind.”
“Did she recognise who it was?” I ask quickly.
Abi shakes her head. “Said it could have been a man or a woman. Someone young, she was sure of that. Not much help really ‒ except we can rule out anyone old!”
I shake my head. “I thought photographers were supposed to be observant.”
Abi shrugs. “She was going to make prints, and sketch in various figures to see exactly what she wanted. Sounds too complicated for me. So no photographs, and she has no idea what the person looked like. And she didn’t notice a blue jacket. In short, she was no use at all. It may not have even been the same person. If only she’d taken a few test shots.”
I groan. “For a moment you had me going there, Abi. Come on, guys, back to the grindstone. We’ve not visited half the houses yet.”

<><><><>

It’s surprising how unobservant people are. We’re back at my office, pooling our experiences. Between us we found two people who were vaguely aware of somebody coming towards them in a hurry. What is promising is that they were walking towards the passageway before the police sirens sounded, which made me realise just how much time we’ve wasted knocking on doors.
We know that the woman who broke the windows must have scarpered down the passageway. It took at least eight minutes for the police to arrive. Possibly more. The woman would have been long gone by the time people heard the sirens and started running to see what was going on.
“Right,” I say, “we need a complete rethink.”
I’m sitting in one of the armchairs, and Abi is squatting on the arm. Courtney has the other. Pete and Hayley are about to sit on Courtney’s camp bed, but she pulls it out of the way in time. It’s only strong enough to take one person. Pete goes to one of the desk chairs, sits down and let’s Hayley sit on his lap.
“I blame the newcomer,” Pete says. “The woman who’s opening the flower shop. I saw that in a film. A woman had just moved into the area, and nobody knew she’s a psycho killer who’s just been released from prison by accident. It was a horror film, so it didn’t have a happy ending.”
I shake my head. “Please, Pete, let’s try and be sensible. Bella Flores isn’t a killer. I’m sure we can all agree on that. Anyway, no one has been killed.”
“But she might have escaped from prison and be dangerous,” Pete says, and Hayley starts to giggle.
I’m just about to tell Pete to say nothing unless he has something sensible to say, but Hayley interrupts me.
“Why have you taken Bella at her word? You know nothing about her. It’s a long shot, but if the gang running the protection racket have already got to her, they might have threatened to reveal her past unless she becomes a false witness. I saw that in a film, too. With Pete. Something like it, anyway. It was another horror film, so it didn’t end well, either.”
I really liked Hayley – until now. If those two are going to mess around like this, they might as well leave.
“Good thinking, Hayley,” Courtney says. “You might have something we’ve not thought of yet.”
I look across at Courtney in surprise. “What do you mean?”
Courtney has been eating one of the pastries from the plate on the small coffee table. She still has a few flakes around her mouth, if proof was needed. I think Abi brought up eight. There are three left, so who’s been eating them? I know I only had one. Or maybe I was a bit distracted and had two. Not that it matters.
“Perhaps it’s like this,” Courtney explains. “Someone might have got to Bella in advance. Put some sort of pressure on her. So they used her as a false witness. If she tried hard enough, I’m sure she could have persuaded a passerby to believe she’d seen something that didn’t really happen.”
“What sort of pressure?” Pete asks. “Like Bella’s a psycho who’s just been accidentally released from prison?”
I groan. “Please stop talking nonsense about psychos, murderers, and prisoners, Pete.” But I can see what Courtney means. We know nothing about Bella’s background.
“All right,” Abi says. “Danny can probably find out where Bella came from in a few minutes. I’m going to phone him.”
“How can he find out...?”
I think most of us said that at the same time, and stop when Abi holds up a finger. “When somebody buys a property, the details of the purchase, and the purchaser’s details, have to go on the Land Registry. Danny’s back at work now. I’m going to phone him. As a solicitor with Branks, Davis & Waters, I’m sure he’ll have no trouble doing an online search.”
Five minutes later, things look promising. Abi phones Danny, and he says he’ll do what he can, and he’ll be able to phone us back in a few minutes if he’s successful.
The only fly in the ointment, to use yet another of my mother’s expressions, is that the Land Registry details are only updated once a month. But surely it takes a lot longer than that to buy a property, so I think we will be in luck. I’m tempted to take another pastry, to calm my nerves. Well, it will only be my second. Or it could possibly be my third.
Abi’s phone rings and I can see her face light up. She turns to us. “Danny says bingo. He’s got some very surprising news.”
We stay silent, expecting her to share it.
Then Abi says, “He says we have to wait until he’s here.”

Chapter 20

“Things aren’t as straightforward as they look,” Danny says. “There’s nothing confidential about the Land Registry. Any of you could have searched it for a small fee. The problem is, Amabelia Flores isn’t the purchaser.”
So that’s the surprising news he promised. “Who is?” I ask, before the others can say anything.
“Well,” Danny says, in a cautious sort of legal-sounding way, “the purchaser of the business and living accommodation above is someone called Daisy Rhiannon Evans. There’s no mention of Amabelia Flores.”
“Rhiannon is a Welsh name, and she certainly sounds Welsh. But Daisy? Bella told us she bought the place,” I protest. “Do you think she’s just using the Amabelia Flores name because it suits a florist?”
“I can’t possibly say,” Danny says. “But I wouldn’t put it past Abi to go and ask.” And he laughs.
Abi is already on her feet. “Come on, girls, we need to check this out. Janika is either right, and Bella is using Amabelia Flores as a trading name, or she’s not who she claims to be, and has some sort of issue with Janika.”
“Do you think she was coerced into saying she saw me break the windows, because she’s using a false name to cover up a murky past?” I’m just about to mention murder and prematurely released psychotic killers, and I stop myself in time. I shake my head. “I can’t see anything that could be used to blackmail someone because of a name above a shop selling flowers.”
“In my experience,” Danny says, “witnesses are very easily influenced by someone insisting they saw a particular act taking place. If Bella insisted strongly enough, the other witness might have genuinely believed what Bella was saying. Just an idea.”
Danny might as well have been saving his breath. We’ve already discussed that possibility. I’m halfway down the stairs, and Courtney and Abi are close behind.
“We go straight for the jugular,” Abi says, as we reach the bottom.
I think she’s joking. This is going to need skilful questioning, probably by me, since I’m the owner of the Detective Agency, and have a personal interest in what’s going on. Definitely not Abi, if that’s her intention.
A bit earlier, Pete had come up with what he called a brilliant plan. He would dress up to look like a gangster – whatever that looks like – and go to Bella and say he’s come early for the money.
He said he would then be able to judge by her reaction if she was involved in the protection racket. Needless to say, we didn’t take that idea up, much to his disappointment.
He then suggested trying out the same idea at small shops in Brevelstone, but Courtney warned him that because the CID were setting up cameras in several of the shops they believe to be vulnerable, he might get arrested.
Rather reluctantly, and with considerable input from Hayley, Pete agreed that it probably wasn’t a good idea after all.
Bella, if that’s her real name, is doing something with one of the displays inside the shop. She looks up in surprise as we stand in the open doorway.
“Who are you really?” Abi demands, before I can say a word.
Bella looks surprised. “Who what?”
“Bella,” I say, moving Abi to one side as I enter the shop, “all we want to know is if someone put pressure on you to say you saw me breaking the windows. And if your name isn’t‒‒‒‒”
“Amabelia Flores?” the florist continues. “It isn’t. It’s not a big secret, but a slightly sad one.”
“Is your real name Daisy Rhiannon Evans?” I say very gently. “No problem, but we just want to clear up exactly why you gave the police my name. I’m sure you can’t really think I broke the windows, and it’s important the police try to find the real perpetrator.”
“Come in, all of you,” Bella says.
Well, I’m still thinking of her as Bella ‒ and I can’t believe we’re all about to be murdered.
“It’s like this,” Bella says, as we gather inside the small shop. “Amabelia means beautiful in Italian. My mother told me I was a beautiful baby, and she said my father was Italian. She said he died when I was very small, which is why I can’t remember him.”
We all nod. Bella was right, this is going to be a rather sad story, and I’m sorry we approached her in such an aggressive way.
“My mother registered my name as Daisy. Daisy Rhiannon Evans. But she told me that my father was called Giovanni Flores. When I was much older, I asked her why we were still called Evans and not Flores. She said I was old enough to understand, and that Giovanni Flores was my father, but I was conceived on a weekend away in Blackpool. She never saw him again.”
Yes, this is a sad story.
“My real name is Daisy, but my mother always called me Bella, which I then discovered can be short for Amabelia, an Italian name. Perhaps it was the association of Bella and my name Daisy that made me decide to call my business Amabelia Flores, meaning beautiful flowers.”
“That’s a lovely name for a flower shop, Bella,” Abi says. “Have you ever wanted to trace your father?”
The question interests me, but I certainly wouldn’t have asked it out of the blue like this.
Bella shrugs. “In a way, yes. But I have very mixed feelings. My mother is dead, and I don’t have any brothers and sisters. If my mother told me the truth, my father is dead too, but perhaps he married and had children. Or didn’t marry but still had children. Now there’s a thing. So I could have half-brothers or half-sisters somewhere, see.” She sounds so, so Welsh.
“You could do a DNA test,” I suggest. “You never know who might turn up on it.”
“Would you want to meet them if they did?” Abi asks. She’s certainly not giving up.
“That’s exactly what I’ve done,” Bella says. “I know it probably sounds silly, but my mam let slip a couple of times about a brother. I asked her if she meant that she had a brother, or if I did?”
“But you don’t have a brother, do you?” Abi asks.
Bella shrugs. “All I ever remember is Auntie Ceri who came to visit occasionally. It’s just that, looking back, it’s like they knew something secret. Like a family scandal.”
I can see the fascination in doing a DNA test if you’ve no idea about your family history, even though some ghastly skeleton might emerge from the cupboard. But the thing with DNA testing is that you don’t have to respond to anybody who is linked to your DNA, unless you want to.
“Would a family scandal bother you?” Abi asks. “It might be interesting.”
I’m glad Abi didn’t say, rather fun.
Bella shrugs again. “I’ve already sent the test off. Quite honestly I don’t know if it was a good or a bad idea, see. What I do know is that all of you are like good friends already. Perhaps I need you more than a family I know nothing about. So why would I want to do anything to hurt you, Janika?”
I smile. “Thanks, Bella. So no one has been putting pressure on you? To be blunt, Courtney here has been investigating a protection racket‒‒‒”
“A suspected protection racket,” Courtney says quickly. “We’re almost certain that a false allegation of theft was staged to get me suspended. And now I’ve teamed up with Janika to clear my name, so it seems likely that breaking the windows was to put Janika out of action, too.”
“And you think I’m lying about Janika?” Bella asks in horror.
“I’m so sorry, Bella,” I say. “Please don’t take it personally. If you are under any pressure to say you saw me, or were threatened in any way, we’re here to help you.”
“Understood, Janika,” Bella says. “As I told the police, I genuinely thought it was you coming out of your doorway and breaking the windows. I’m sure now it wasn’t you, Janika, but I told the police what I honestly believed at the time. I can’t very well go to them and say I’ve changed my mind. They might think you’re putting pressure on me. But if I can help in any other way, just let me know.”
“I think we can help you,” I say. “If you’re going to open on Monday, it looks like there’s a lot of work still to do. There’s stuff to assemble and move around. Just tell us what needs doing.”
Abi gets a phone call from Danny, and she says it’s important. Something about the replacement glass. So we release her from her ball and chain and tell her to hurry over and obey her husband!

<><><><>

Just over an hour later Courtney and I are in my apartment above Button Up with Danny. Pete and Hayley have taken our place at Bella’s, where there is still quite a bit to do. I just hope Bella understands the amount of mental and physical effort it takes to open a shop. And the stock hasn’t even arrived yet, and the display stands aren’t all assembled and in place.
Everyone seems a bit quiet. It’s a shame Liam isn’t here doing one of his magic tricks to cheer us all up. That seven of diamonds magic was certainly clever. I can only think of one way in which it could have been done, but I can’t ask Liam if I’m right. He’s always insistent that conjurers never reveal their tricks. And he’s right, of course.
I’m assuming Liam has two packs of cards that look identical. One has fifty-two cards where every card is the seven of diamonds, so the annoying kid had no option but to pick one.
Pete obviously had to be involved in the trick. As soon as he knew that the boy had accepted Liam’s challenge, he had a seven of diamonds that Liam had already given to him. He sticks this under the boy’s plate and brings it across to the table, making sure he carries it low enough so no one can see underneath it.
The other pack of cards that Liam has is deliberately missing the seven of diamonds, so he can show the annoying kid that the seven of diamonds wasn’t in the pack. At some stage Liam must have caused a diversion enabling him to switch the packs unnoticed. That done, he could make the annoying kid be shown up. But of course, next time....
I guess I’ve worked out how it was done, and I feel disappointed. I remember being taken by my parents to see a woman being sawn in half on the stage, and when I read later how it was done, I felt cheated. That’s the thing with magic. Anyway, I could be completely wrong. What do I know? I’m only a detective – a trained observer!
“I’ve heard from the glaziers,” Danny explains to us, breaking into my thoughts. “Two sheets of glass the correct size aren’t just sitting around on a shelf somewhere. I’ve discussed the various options, and they recommend we upgrade to laminated glass. It’s two sheets of toughened glass with a transparent plastic film bonded in between. Even if the glass is broken, it won’t shatter. So Abi and Melanie will always be able to open up.”
“Unless someone manages to drive a car through it,” Abi says, with her usual dry humour.
“How long will it take to get the glass?” I say, before Danny can comment.
“All being well, they’ll be fitting it first thing next Wednesday morning. The insurance company will only replace like with like. The laminated safety glass is more expensive.”
“So you’ll be losing the Saturday business tomorrow, even if you open up like this on Monday,” I say quietly. “Well, I’m rather caught. If I’m found guilty and you claim on the insurance, they will come to me for the money. And if you don’t claim on the insurance, I’ll still be paying.”
Abi looks shocked. “No you won’t, Janika. Of course you won’t. If the worst comes to the worst, Melanie and I can afford to take the hit. Anyway, you and Courtney will catch the culprit long before any money has to change hands. I’m absolutely confident.”
“I love you, Abi, but I’m not so sure about that!”

Chapter 21

Things were rather dusty in Bella’s emporium, so it’s just as well I’m wearing jeans. I can hear my phone ringing, and feel it buzzing in my pocket.
I don’t recognise the number. It might be confidential, and I’m about to slip out into my bedroom, when I decide it doesn’t really matter at all. I’m with friends.
“Button Up Detective Agency. Janika Jones speaking. Can I help you?”
“Are you on your own?” a man’s voice says. It sounds familiar but I can’t place it.
“Yes, I am.” Well, I’m with friends, and if this man is about to threaten me, I need witnesses. And you can’t get two better witnesses than a young lawyer and a suspended detective sergeant. So I switch to speakerphone.
“This is Ollie.”
Courtney is about to come forward and take the phone from me, but I hold up my free hand and shake my head. This call is highly suspicious. Why is Ollie phoning me and not Courtney?
“Go on, Ollie.”
“The thing is, Janika, I’ve got a lot of thinking to do. I’m sure Courtney didn’t take anything from the woman’s bag, but when things like that happen you sort of look at the relationship with fresh eyes. You seem like a really friendly person. Perhaps we could meet up to discuss the future?”
“Why don’t you phone Courtney? She’s been trying to reach you, but her calls go to voicemail. What’s the problem?”
“I think ... I like you, Janika. I’m sure you can help me resolve so many personal issues.”
Courtney is standing with her eyes wide and her mouth open. I hold up my free hand again to make sure she stays quiet.
I might as well be direct, and then Courtney can hear it for herself. “Are you hitting on me, Ollie? Are you saying that you fancy me?”
There’s a long pause. I hope Courtney isn’t going to shout something. We need to hear Ollie’s own words when he thinks he’s speaking to me in private.
“Well, Janika, I wouldn’t put it quite like that. If we meet up, we can discuss things. You know. What the two of us have in common. What sort of interests. How about it? Just for the weekend somewhere. Where would you like to go? I’ll make the arrangements.”
“Definitely not,” I say firmly. “If you don’t have the guts to tell Courtney that you’ve finished with her, I’m not going to do it for you. And just for the record, I’m very happy with Toby, and have no interest in you at all. You’re a rat!”
I’m not sure if I should have added those last words, but I can see Courtney nodding as the line goes dead.
“That’s it then,” Courtney says quietly, as though to herself.
She seems remarkably stoic. Perhaps she’s seen this coming for some time. Then she flings her arms around me. “Well said, Janika,” she sobs. “He is a rat!”
“I think that’s being unfair to rats,” Abi says. “I’m so very sorry things haven’t worked out for you, Courtney, but I think you had a fortunate escape there. Let’s all make coffee in Janika’s machine. There are plenty more pastries down in the coffee shop if anyone wants them.”
The last thing I want now is food. Poor Courtney. Suspended from work and dumped by her fiancé. And all I have to worry about is being charged with vandalism, and losing clients. But at least I still have Toby. He knows I didn’t break the windows.
He does, doesn’t he?
Courtney tells us that Detective Chief Inspector Wills wants to interview her on Monday, so it will be wonderful if we can come up with evidence that puts her in the clear. For instance, if the man at Parke’s with Karen Buckland has a criminal record, it will at least put doubts into the detective chief inspector’s mind.
My phone rings again. It’s not Ollie having second thoughts. It’s Toby. I hope he’s not also having second thoughts.
“I have something good to tell you,” he says cheerfully.
Okay, probably no need to go to speakerphone.
“Tell me.”
“Obviously Courtney can’t go to Brevelstone and see Ms Buckwell, as she’s the one who’s been accused of theft. But we can. We can keep watch and see who comes and goes to the apartment where she’s living. Take photographs and that sort of thing.”
“Photographs?”
He laughs. “Well, you don’t need me to tell you how to do your job, Janika. Get all your kit together, and wear one of your wigs. I’m not working this afternoon, and I’ve changed my looks a bit. We don’t want Ms Buckwell to recognise us from Parke’s.”
“You mean now?”
“No time like the present, Janika. You might recognise someone who was with her in Parke’s. I wasn’t taking any notice of the other people. I only had eyes for you.”
I’m about to give a sickly groan, when I realise Toby is probably genuine.
“The main thing is that nobody recognises us. But your wig doesn’t have to be ... ginger this time.”
Is it my imagination, or do I detect a note of wistfulness in Toby’s voice? I think I will wear the ginger wig. I love swishing the ponytail around at the back, and if it does something to Toby at the same time, that’s fine. As long as he doesn’t expect me to wear the wig all the time ‒ or even dye my hair ginger.
“Courtney is here with me, Toby. I don’t want to leave her. She’s just had upsetting news about Ollie. He’s definitely dumped her.”
“I’m so sorry to hear that,” he says.
“I’ll tell her, Toby. Ollie has not only dumped her, but now he’s trying it on with me.”
I wait to hear Toby’s response. I hope it’s not going to be something like, “That’s good.” Of course it won’t be. I really have to try to be more self-confident. I blame it on my time with Bruno.
The others are all silent. My phone is quite loud even when it’s not on speakerphone, and I think they’ve caught on.
“Go with him to Brevelstone, Janika. Courtney is coming back here with us,” Abi says. She turns to Courtney. “You’re coming back here with us.” And she laughs.
“Give me ten minutes,” I say to Toby. “I keep the batteries fully charged, but I just want to check out the cameras. And my compact telescope and phone mounting, just in case we can’t get anywhere close.”
When I explain what’s happened, naturally Courtney wants to be involved, but Danny strongly advises against it. “You don’t want to jeopardise your defence by being accused of harassing the witness if she spots you,” he explains.
Courtney just nods. She’s been extremely silent since she listened into the conversation with Ollie. I don’t regret for one moment putting it on speakerphone. It’s much better that she should have heard the exact wording and tone of voice. Oh, I feel so sad for her. Poor, poor Courtney.
When we get downstairs, Pete and Hayley come across from Bella’s shop. Apparently, there’s no more they can do. When they know we’re going our own separate ways, Pete offers to have another go knocking on the doors where no one answered this morning.
He has his copy of the list I made, and I remind him to be courteous and not at all pushy. If people aren’t prepared to say anything, he just has to accept it.
I get the feeling that Hayley had something more exciting in mind than knocking on people’s doors, but the two of them go off cheerfully enough, promising to let me know if they find a reliable witness who actually has something important to add. I explain I’ll be in Brevelstone on a stakeout with Toby. They can phone me if they want to discuss anything they find out.
I recall Pete saying how he could dress up as a gangster and pretend he was part of the protection racket. I have this picture of Pete and Hayley doing a sort of Bonnie and Clyde act, but I quickly dismiss it. I’m tired, that’s the problem. I get weird ideas when I’m exhausted.
I have a feeling Abi gets them all the time.

Chapter 22

Toby can’t stop talking about Ollie and Courtney on our way to Brevelstone. Toby’s idea of changing his appearance is a pair of sunglasses and a black cap. When I tell him Ollie hinted we could spend a weekend together, he just shakes his head and says, “That’s terrible.” I guess he doesn’t need to ask if I was tempted.
Five miles out from Craidlea on the Brevelstone road, we pass the house belonging to Nigel Frampton, where I have to start the hunt for aliens next Tuesday. It’s a lonely place, desperately in need of maintenance, set well back from the road with a large front garden. At the rear is a long field leading up to a clump of beech trees. I guess the whole area belongs to Mr Frampton, so there’s plenty of room for aliens to land and walk about.
What am I thinking?
Karen Buckwell apparently lives in a top floor apartment in one of the large Victorian houses on the far side of Brevelstone railway station. My ginger wig is on the back seat. If Toby gets turned on by it, I might as well indulge his fantasies – but not while I’m driving.
“Are you sure about the address?” I ask.
We’re following a small car pulling an oversize caravan, and I’m looking for the first chance to overtake. As far as I can tell we’re not being followed, and I certainly did a thorough check for another tracker before leaving.
Danny told me he’s already given the tracker, the mirror, and the break hammer from the blue jacket, and the blue jacket itself, to Sergeant Masters at the Craidlea police station. He told me he was surprised how seriously the evidence was accepted. So perhaps Sergeant Stanley Masters is starting to believe in my innocence.
“We really need a list of names of everyone in Parke’s at the time of the alleged theft on the Wednesday evening, but they are not likely to give it to me,” Toby says. “It’s not only the names we need, but all the photographs the customers took that evening.”
Photographs! “That’s brilliant, Toby!”
“Are you going to overtake this caravan or not?”
There’s a long straight road ahead, a broken white line, and no one coming the other way. I stay behind the caravan which has stickers boasting it’s travelled from Land’s End to John O’Groats. I wonder how many impatient drivers have had heart attacks following this combination mile after frustrating mile on narrow country roads.
“We need the next lay-by,” I say, without any further explanation.
When I think about it, although I don’t know the road all that well, the next opportunity we have to stop will be in Wilfred Chadwick’s village, which is off to the left very soon.
“What’s going on?” Toby asks as I signal left and make my way to the quaint village of Cravenwell.
“The waiter in Parke’s took a photograph of us with my phone. Remember? He actually took three, because he thought it wasn’t working. He didn’t see the flash. Nearly everyone who takes photographs indoors thinks they need to use the flash. It just spoils everything with harsh shadows, and darkness in the background. Without the flash, everything looks much more natural, and it also means the rest of the room won’t be blacked out.”
Toby nods. “I suppose you had to learn things like that, because surveillance photographers can’t very well use a flash. Okay, that sounds good, but what are you hoping to see, and what are we doing here?”
“I don’t think anyone is following us, but let’s just see. I’m going to stop at the top of the parking area behind The Three Horseshoes pub, and see exactly what photographs from Parke’s are on my phone.”
“Surely it’s pictures of us at the table.”
“Think about it, Toby. Think where the waiter was standing, and who was sitting at the table behind us.”
“Brilliant, Janika. Ms Buckwell and friend.”
I nod. “And because there was no flash, they’ll be lit just as well as we are. It would be good to get the three photographs printed and see if we can find someone who can tell us who Karen Buckwell’s companion is. I’m sure the police know, but they’re not going to tell me.”
I get out my phone and flick through the three pictures the waiter took for us. It’s so frustrating only being able to see them on the tiny screen, and they don’t get much clearer when I pull them larger with my fingers.
What we need is a supermarket or camera shop with a printer connected by Bluetooth or cable. One that we can operate ourselves. I’m certainly not going to risk leaving the phone or the memory card with someone. The only person I know here is old Wilfred Chadwick. He certainly won’t have a colour printer.
“The pub,” Toby says. “It’s open. I saw a couple of customers sitting at the tables outside.”
“I don’t want to drink and drive, Toby. I’m in enough trouble as it is.”
Toby laughs and gives me a hug. “I can’t get over you, Janika. You’re lovely.”
I let him continue to hug me. Toby makes me feel safe and comfortable. “Being lovely isn’t going to get us any colour prints,” I say. Eventually.
“I mean, we need to see if the pub has a computer and colour printer,” he suggests. “Show them one of your cards, say you’re on official business, and of course you’ll pay for the service. Generously. And also buy a couple of soft drinks.”
“But I don’t have any cables to connect my phone.”
Toby gives an easy laugh. I first met him when he came to help me set up my new computer when I started my detective agency in Craidlea. He managed to transfer just about everything across. He’s a wizard with computers. “So how?”
“You send the photographs to yourself as email attachments. Then you open your email on the pub computer, open the three attachments in some sort of photo app that they’re bound to have, Then you set the size and the brightness and contrast, and send them to their colour printer.”
“Assuming they let us,” I say.
Toby is already getting out of the car. “They’re not going to let us do anything if we stay here. For all we know they might be about to close. Come on, put your case of equipment in the boot and make sure you lock the car. We don’t want any of your valuable kit going missing. And don’t forget to bring one of your Button Up Detective Agency cards.”
I hadn’t anticipated showing someone one of my cards. If I had, I would have worn my business suit. If they ask, I’ll just have to tell them we’re working undercover!
It’s a pub apparently operated by a husband and wife. I don’t think it was me or my business card that convinced them that we needed something done urgently. I think it was all down to Toby, with the calm but firm way he explained that we’re on a surveillance job, and need some colour prints urgently, in order to identify certain parties in which we have an interest.
The wife who is presumably the landlady looks quite excited, and her husband takes us straight into his office at the back of the pub. Just as he is showing me how to use the equipment, he seems to be having second thoughts.
“This is a bit irregular,” he says, sounding rather anxious. “I don’t know you two, so I’m sure you’ll understand if I stay here and watch. It’s just that I don’t like strangers messing with my computer. Viruses and trackers and all that.” Then he calls out, “Laura, keep an eye on the bar.”
It occurs to me to try the old pals act. “You don’t know me, I’m sure,” I say, “but Wilfred Chadwick will vouch for me. It was me who was responsible for finding the old Gladstone bag in the well.”
The landlord stares at me as though I’m some superstar. “That was you? Oh well, that’s different. Anything for a friend of old Wilf’s. All the same, I’m sure you’ll understand if I sit in on what’s going on.”
Okay, so the landlord is determined to stay. I can’t say I blame him. I wouldn’t want unknown people let loose on my laptop. Of course, if I’d thought to bring my own laptop with me, I could just have connected it to his rather ancient colour printer sitting on the desk. But even that might have made him suspicious.
“Let me log into my emails on your computer, and then you can take over,” I say. “I’ll explain what you have to do from then on.”
I glance again at the printer. It would be far too old to work with my operating system even if I had my laptop here, but I guess if it’s connected to the landlord’s old computer, it must be compatible. I just hope it has paper, and the ink didn’t dry up last Easter.
My offer seems to have allayed the landlord’s suspicions, or perhaps he’s not particularly confident with computers, and doesn’t want to be shown up.
He reaches across to the printer, and as it comes to life there’s a great deal of noise. “It always does that if it hasn’t been used for a long time,” he explains apologetically. “The cartridge is a bit old, but I think it still works.”
I’ve logged into my email account, and there are the three pictures that I sent myself just a few minutes ago. I search for a photo app. The one I find is quite good. It’s an early version of one I’m familiar with, so I know how to adjust brightness and contrast, as well as image size.
“I don’t have any photo paper, mind,” the landlord says.
“That’s fine,” I say confidently. “We want to ask people if they can identify some individuals in three photographs. Plain paper will be fine.”
I want to be as quick as I can. The computer and printer are old, and any minute they might decide to come to the end of their lives. Also, we have to take the landlord’s word that the ink hasn’t dried up or run out. There are several sheets of paper waiting in the feed tray, which gives me some hope.
There are settings for the printer, and I select 300 dpi, ready to print the whole of the first A4 images that I’ve downloaded. I can enlarge various faces later if necessary. I press Ctrl and P.
The printer starts to rattle and groan again, and I can see the first sheet of paper creeping slowly out from the feed tray. Patience, Janika, patience. This isn’t state-of-the-art stuff, but as long as it does the job, that’s fine.
It looks as though it’s doing the job. I have to control myself not to pull the sheet of paper out as it emerges jerk by jerk from the printer. I can see it has a colour image, so it looks as though Toby’s idea of coming here was sheer genius.
“Excuse me.” The landlord reaches over and pulls the print from the printer as it starts to fall into the tray.
He studies the picture for a moment. “I just want to make sure you’re not using my equipment for something illegal, like pornography.”
He doesn’t say it with any sort of apology, and I have to admit I hadn’t considered the possibility. Of course, it’s possible that he’s hoping we are, and will leave him a few copies.
“Well, well,” he says. “Is Karen Buckwell a friend of yours?”
This can surely not be true. But it’s a great dream while it lasts.
“I hear she had her bag taken at that posh restaurant in Craidlea,” the landlord says. “Or something like that. Maybe her cards.” He frowns as he looks at us. “So what are you two detectives up to? Are you helping with the investigation?”
I know Toby won’t tell lies, and I do my best not to. But hand on heart, I say we are indeed helping with the investigation. Just as long as the landlord doesn’t want us to go into details.
“We are,” Toby says. “There’s more to this case than meets the eye, but of course at the moment it’s highly confidential.”
“So you’re helping the police, is that it?” the landlord says.
“Yes,” I say quickly, before Toby can answer. If Toby argues about it when we get outside, I’ll tell him that we are helping the police ‒ helping them not to make a stupid mistake by blaming Courtney.
Perhaps Toby’s mind is running in the same direction as mine, because he doesn’t contradict me. He’s taken the printout from the landlord, and is now examining it. He points to Karen Buckwell. “We already know that’s Ms Buckwell,” he says. “But can you identify the young man with her?”
Wow, this is exactly what we need. How great that I thought to pull off here to Cravenwell, and Toby thought we might get prints made here at the pub. What teamwork!
The landlord is peering at the photograph. He shakes his head. “Never seen him before in my life.”

Chapter 23

There were two more prints to make, and I also enlarge the people at the table beyond Karen Buckwell’s. The landlord doesn’t recognise anyone else.
I’ve noticed something that could be important, but I don’t want to discuss it in front of the landlord. I say that we have to be on our way, and Toby gets the hint. He gives the landlord twenty pounds, which seems remarkably generous since we never got round to ordering soft drinks, and says we have to be going.
“Hold on a moment,” the landlord says. “Let’s see if the missus knows anyone.”
I feel stupid for not having thought of that. However, the landlord’s missus, who seems to be called Joy, doesn’t even know Karen Buckwell. But she seems rather suspicious that her husband does.
At this point we make for my car, and hope we haven’t upset the marital harmony of landlord and landlady.
“Okay,” Toby says as soon as we’re in the car and the doors are locked, “what have you spotted in the photographs?”
I point to the table where Karen Buckwell is sitting. “We can safely assume that the man sitting next to her has come with her. The waiter wouldn’t just sit two strangers at the same table. In the first picture, the man seems to notice our waiter taking a photograph. And he’s looking anxious.”
Toby studies the picture for a moment. “Agreed.”
I pass Toby the second picture we printed out just now. “Now look. The man is starting to cover his face with the menu.”
“Okay, Janika, that’s good, but everyone needs to look at the menu. The man’s face is nice and clear in the first photograph, and the landlord claimed not to recognise him. I think he was telling the truth. Remember, I’m a claims assessor and well able to detect a guilty voice.”
“So can I, Toby. You’re right, I’m sure he didn’t recognise the man. But look now at the third photograph. The man next to Karen Buckwell has completely hidden his face with the menu. Look at the first picture again. There’s a look of either surprise or fear on his face. He’s looking directly at the camera. He definitely doesn’t want to be photographed.”
“Yes, that is suspicious. He’s probably the one who put Ms Buckwell up to it.”
“Well, the police have his name. They must have interviewed him in Parke’s. I wonder if we should show the police these pictures, because to me it’s evident he has a guilty conscience. It’s like he knows that he and Karen Buckwell are up to no good. I’m sure the police will find that interesting.”
Toby gives me a quick kiss, but on the cheek not the lips. “Come on, start the engine. Let’s go and see where Ms Buckwell lives.”
Karen Buckwell, or Ms Buckwell as Toby seems to be calling her, lives in the part of Brevelstone where the area has recently been gentrified. If our information is right, Karen Buckwell has an apartment on the top floor. She might be sharing with a man, a woman, or several people, and not necessarily the man she was sitting with in the photograph.
Thinking back, I have a vague impression that the man and Karen knew each other, but he didn’t leap to her defence in quite the same way he would if they were in a relationship. So why was he with her? Hopefully, we’re going to find out very soon.
I’ve fitted my Nissan Micra out with several security features. There’s a dash cam front and back, obviously an anti-theft door and movement detection alarm, but also a hijack alarm which I have to press manually. So we should be safe as we pull up about a hundred yards away from Karen Buckwell’s address.
Although the houses in the road are fairly close together, the actual design reminds me very much of the house where my friends Jezza and Rachel are living here in Brevelstone, but on the other side of town. Their house is also detached, also set back from the road in a large garden, and large enough for a family ‒ which they don’t have.
“There’s somebody moving,” Toby says suddenly. “In that window on the top floor. I guess that’s Ms Buckwell’s flat. Definitely a woman. But I can’t see her now.”
Neither can I, but it’s promising to know someone is home.
My case with my kit is now on the back seat, ready for action. Toby doesn’t seem to take any notice as I pull the ginger wig over my head and tuck my hair up inside. I’m not sure if that’s good or not. Probably good. Perhaps he’s got that particular fantasy out of his head by now, which is just as well. I have no intention of going permanently ginger.
I have a pair of night vision binoculars in my case. There’s also a compact prism telescope that’s more powerful than the binoculars. That’s what I need now.
Using a telescope through glass isn’t ideal, but my windscreen is clean inside and out. I train it on the upstairs window and adjust the focus. Still no one.
There’s a man standing further up the road speaking into a phone. He’s been watching us, but he’s now turned the other way and doesn’t seem to be taking any notice of us. All the same, I need to be discreet with the telescope.
I lower it and wait until we can catch sight of someone in one of the windows at the top of the building, and then use the telescope and hopefully identify who it is.
We wait five minutes, then ten, and what seems like half an hour. “Is surveillance work always as exciting as this?” Toby asks, putting on a pretend yawn.
I know he’s being sarcastic, but I tell him that on an excitement level of one to ten, this is a ten. Most surveillance jobs are boring. He groans, and says he’s going to take a little nap.
“No you don’t, Toby. You offered to come with me. Surely this is more exciting than checking up on insurance claims.”
He doesn’t answer. He’s pretending to snore. Even the man who was standing further up the road has disappeared, and I have to admit this is pretty boring. No one has reappeared at one of the upstairs windows. But my camera is ready, just in case something interesting happens.
I glance at Toby, and in spite of him saying he was going to take a little nap, his eyes are open, and I know he’s fully alert. Me, I’m the one who could take a little nap. I’ve got a good excuse. I’m exhausted. I’m wanted for vandalism. Deliberate criminal damage, to use the police term.
I jump. Someone or something has bumped hard into the back of my car. I look in the rear-view mirror. A large white van has come up right behind me. Stupid driver.
Toby turns round quickly. “Stay here, Janika. I’m going to make sure there’s no damage. The driver might realise what’s happened, and drive off quickly.”
“No, Toby,” I say, pulling him back just as he’s about to open the passenger door. “It might be deliberate.”
I remember how the black van tried to push me and Courtney off the road. I start the engine, and select first gear. “Put your seatbelt on. I’m moving off.”
A large black Volvo estate car is coming in the opposite direction, its headlights on full beam, dazzling me. Just as I’m about to let the clutch in, it swerves across the road, heading straight for us. And it’s coming fast.

Chapter 24

The Volvo driver obviously wants my parking space, and I’m desperate to let him have it. I’m not going to sit here as a self-offering.
Although my Nissan Micra is old, and only worth peanuts, I don’t intend to be crushed. I press the pedal to the metal, and with the engine screaming I let in the clutch with a bang. The tyres shriek, then bite, and the car leaps forward.
As I dart into the road, the Volvo keeps coming. I catch sight of two people in the front.
Our passing speeds are probably equal, and I get a long scrape down the passenger side, the same side I recently paid Rupert Forrester to repair. I hear a crashing noise. The black Volvo and the white van have met each other.
“Do you think we should go back?” Toby asks, as I drive rapidly away.
Is the man completely out of his mind? “No, I don’t. We phone for the police and an ambulance,” I gasp, before changing up into second gear. I must have been revving the engine to the max in first gear. But my lovely little Micra has got us away safely.
Toby is still looking back. “It could have been a serious accident,” he says.
“Probably. But it’s not our fault. Here, take my phone and call the emergency services. But we are not going back. The police found two handguns in the black van.”
“You think there’s a connection?” Toby asks.
“Toby,” I say, “I don’t normally live as dangerously as this, but as a trained private investigator I have no doubts at all that there’s a connection. If it wasn’t for my quick reactions, and this lovely little car, we’d be a jam sandwich now.”
Toby puts a reassuring hand on my lap. “Well done, Janika. You’re right, it wouldn’t only have been this car. We would both have been written off.”
Toby has never put his hand on my lap before, and in spite of all the adrenaline that’s pumping round inside me, or perhaps because of it, it takes my breath away.
Quickly, too quickly for my liking, he removes his hand and apologises. I wish he hadn’t apologised. There was nothing to apologise for. You don’t have to be engaged to do that!
“That Volvo was heading for us deliberately. It’s like he was trying to kill us.” Toby says shakily. “We certainly stirred up big trouble by coming here to keep watch on Ms Buckwell. That was awful.”
He sounds in a worse state than I am, so I take the phone back and press speed dial for 999.
“Emergency services. Which service do you require?”
“Police and ambulance. I’ve just witnessed a high speed collision between a car and a van. There would seem to be serious injuries.”
Fortunately, I’m able to give the exact location, right down to the house number in the road. When I’ve given my own name, I explain that I’m a private detective, and I have reason to believe that the driver or one of the passengers may be armed.
The phone call finished, Toby says, “Thanks, Janika. You sounded a lot calmer than I feel. I don’t know what came over me, suggesting we should go back. I wasn’t thinking about anyone having a gun.”
I’d pulled into the side of the road to make the phone call. I have Bluetooth, but in my present state it would have been extremely risky to have talked and driven at the same time.
We sit where we are, waiting until we hear sirens. A police car, closely followed by an ambulance from Brevelstone Hospital come racing past us, lights flashing and sirens blaring.
I must have driven nearly half a mile before stopping. I wanted to be well out of sight of anyone watching, perhaps ready to shoot. I’m looking for a suitable place to turn.
“Now we can go back, Toby. I gave the police our names, because there’s no point in pretending we weren’t involved. If nothing else, it will persuade the police to make a full investigation into Karen Buckwell. I’ll pass them the photographs, and tell them to do their job properly.”
“Don’t be rude to them, Janika,” Toby says, as I do a swift one-eighty where another road enters.
“Don’t worry, Toby. I’m not that daft.”
I glance across and see he looks a bit upset. “Only joking, Toby. And if you want to put your hand on my lap again, feel free.” Only of course I don’t add those last few words.
The cat, as my mother used to say, is well and truly out of the bag. Toby agrees with me that we should be absolutely upfront about what we were doing near Karen Buckwell’s house. After all, there’s no reason in law why I shouldn’t be investigating the case on behalf of my client, namely suspended Detective Sergeant Courtney Jacobs. Not that I’m going to volunteer her name at this stage. I’ll claim client confidentiality. And if it comes to it, I’m sure Danny will say I’m helping him support Courtney ‒ which I am.
I park about a hundred yards away, and wait until the ambulance has moved off. The police are still making notes and taking measurements, so I decide it’s time to go forward and confess. No, not confess. We will ask if we can be of assistance, as we were witnesses of the accident.
I explain that I’m the person who phoned for the police and ambulance, I ask about the injuries. They say there was no driver in the van, but because I’ve already told them about the van backing up behind us just before what was clearly a deliberate crash, the police will be taking it away for a forensic examination. There was a male driver and male passenger in the old Volvo that tried to write us off, but the driver has managed to escape. The passenger is not so fortunate.
Well, unfortunate for him, but fortunate for us. While his mate has done a runner, the teenage passenger was unable to get out of the car because of serious chest injuries. The Volvo is not only old, it’s built like a tank. It’s a wreck, but even before the crash it would have made my Nissan Micra look like a model straight out of the showroom.
It was obvious that their intention had been to ram us, and hopefully kill us, and run away on foot. My guess is that the driver didn’t expect me to have the engine running and be able to swerve out of the way. In his surprise, he must have failed to press the foot brake hard enough, hitting the van at a much higher speed than intended.
The passenger has no head injuries, just broken ribs, thanks to the seatbelt but no working airbags. Of course he came up with the usual excuse that he had no idea who the driver was. A complete stranger had offered to give him a lift!
The old white van is horribly crushed. Just think, that could be my Micra.

<><><><>

We’ve been spending the last hour in Brevelstone police station. Not CID, but the regular police. They know all about Courtney Jacobs, and refuse to comment on whether they believe in her guilt when I question them directly.
We’ve both been warned – the police seem to assume that Toby is working with me at the Button Up Detective Agency – not to get involved anymore in whatever we’re doing. I think they’re a bit unsure as to actually what we are doing.
There also seems to be some confusion in their minds about my connection with Courtney Jacobs and Karen Buckwell, the broken shop windows in Craidlea, and the black van that crashed in the woods by the bridge.
I’ve decided it’s best not to clarify things. There’s no merit in them putting my name against all three scenarios. But I know they’re taking the current road accident seriously. They’ve asked for the memory card from my dash cam, which they have now downloaded and returned to me.
They allowed me to witness them doing it, and on the computer screen I could see that my little camera captured the whole incident perfectly. Just watching it I realise what an amazing escape we had. Toby and Abi would probably call it a miracle. Maybe it was, but I’m too embarrassed to mention that to Toby.
We’ve also handed over the printouts from my camera that we made at the pub. They took my phone away for a few minutes to download the originals, in case there was more information to be gained from the pictures. When we get back to Button Up I can make prints in my office on glossy paper for ourselves. I also have a decent photo app that can enhance fine detail if necessary.
I don’t know if the police downloaded other stuff from my phone, but there’s nothing on there that’s incriminating or secret. I imagine they’ll keep anything they find confidential, anyway.
“So what do we do now?” Toby asks, as we get back into my car.
The police had let us make our own way to the police station in my Micra to be interviewed and make our statements. I found that very comforting. I had visions of us both being led away in handcuffs, and Toby’s boss at the insurance company driving past and spotting him. Well, probably not that, but at least we weren’t under arrest.
I’ve been staring at the long gash down the passenger side of the car. I’m wondering if Rupert Forrester, Alice’s husband who works at the Old Mill Garage, will be able to find yet another door from an online car breaker. Perhaps he should get two or three while he’s at it.
“There’s nothing like activity to clarify the mind,” I say, as I make myself comfortable behind the wheel. “We’re going to do what we should have done to begin with.”
I notice Toby is tugging at his seatbelt, just to make sure it’s secure. That’s okay, I don’t blame him with me driving. “What should we have done to begin with, Janika?”
“We should have started at Parke’s. We’ll call in there now. They are sure to have details of who made Karen Buckwell’s booking. That’s how we can find the name of the man with her.”
“What if Ms Buckwell made the booking?”
I laugh. “Good one, Toby. You’re a modern man who realises that women can do things that only men used to do,” I joke. “That’s promising for our relationship.”
I’m not sure if I should have said that, but Toby laughs as well. As we return to Craidlea, he keeps his hands on his own lap the whole way.

Chapter 25

It’s now late in the afternoon. Parke’s is getting busy for the Friday evening trade. Inside the main entrance there’s a rather harassed young woman behind the reception desk. When I show her my card and explain the reason for our visit, she calls the duty manager who appears silently.
After a brief discussion, he agrees to open the register. But we have to stand aside. It seems that no way is he going to let us examine it ourselves. That’s okay.
He looks up. “The booking was made by a Ms K Buckwell. It’s not a name we’re familiar with. It was probably her first time here. She made a booking for two on the same day as the meal. I’m sorry, there is no other name, but we do have Ms Buckwell’s phone number. However, I’m sure you will appreciate that I am unable to give that to you. It has to remain confidential.”
I’m not surprised he says that. Even though I’ve shown my card and explained exactly who I am and why I’m here, he doesn’t know me from Adam. Or should that be Eve?
He says he was on duty on Wednesday evening, and clearly he was distressed by the arrival of the police and the arrest of Courtney Jacobs. I get the impression that he’s perfectly happy to believe that Courtney is guilty and Ms K Buckwell is innocent, although he doesn’t actually say so.
Because of that, I realise we’re not going to get any further help. We already have Karen Buckwell’s address, but not her phone number. So I say I quite understand, and thank him for his time. The duty manager doesn’t add that he hopes he will see us again soon.
I don’t recognise him from that disastrous night when Toby was arrested, and I’m certainly not going to mention it. I can still see Sergeant Stanley Masters coming towards our table with a police constable, and everybody going silent as they watch Toby being led away.
I think the only reason we got some sort of cooperation just now at Parke’s was because I mentioned Piers Pillinger’s name as a client who had accompanied me here several times in the daytime. I didn’t bother to clarify that it was not strictly several times, but definitely twice. Piers Pillinger’s name obviously carries some weight. I must remember that.
Our next stop is Button Up. I’ve phoned Abi, and she tells me she’s uncertain that the chipboard sheets covering the windows are secure enough, so she’s insisted that the builder comes back. So in the meantime she and Danny are staying in the coffee shop.
Even though I’ve seen it before, it gives me a jolt to see the chipboard covering the two main windows. The shoe shop on the opposite side of the road looks similarly grim. As I park at the back, I notice that Pete’s scooter is still here. I wonder if Pete and Hayley are still out at the terraced houses, doing their detective work.
Toby and I have made progress, but it’s not helping me. I’m still the main suspect here, as far as the police are concerned. And also as far as Jasper, the owner of the shoe shop, is concerned. Perhaps Pete and Hayley will come up trumps.
Courtney must have been looking out of the back window of my apartment and seen us arrive. Just as I go to put the first key in the lock of my outside door, it opens.
“Did you both have an exciting time?” Courtney asks, as we stand on the pavement. “Anyone been arrested?”
“They certainly have,” I say. “The passenger in an old Volvo that tried to smash us up. Maybe kill us.”
As a detective who has heard so many tall stories, I’m not sure Courtney believes me, because she doesn’t make any comment. Instead, she says, “What about Karen Buckwell?”
I shrug, wanting to keep Courtney in suspense a bit longer. After all, Toby and I nearly got flattened on her behalf. “No idea. As far as we know she’s still living happily in her flat.”
Courtney looks so puzzled that I assure her we’re going to tell her everything, including about the long talk, interview, we had with the Brevelstone police.
I don’t want to tell the story two or three times. Through the glass entrance door to Button Up I can see Abi and Danny sitting with Pete and Hayley at one of the tables. I guess they’re finishing up the surplus pastries. I just hope there’s one left for me. At least one. And one for Toby, of course.
I realise that Courtney isn’t wearing her engagement ring. She’s aware that I’m looking. “I should have seen this coming. Ollie seemed more excited about the prospect of meeting you, Janika, than having the meal. I’m sure now that’s why he made all the arrangements.”
“We can all be wise after the event,” I say. That’s another saying my mother taught me.
“He’s been in touch by text,” Courtney says slowly. “No apology. He didn’t even mention our engagement. All he wrote was to say he wants the ring back, because it cost him a lot of money.”
“Was it a family heirloom?” I ask. Courtney shakes her head. For some reason I’ve picked up a few bits of knowledge about the legal ownership of engagement rings.
If it wasn’t a family heirloom, and unless they had an agreement about the ownership of the ring when they got engaged, it’s a gift and can’t be claimed back if the man breaks the engagement. If I was Courtney, I’d sell the ring and keep the money.
“I guess the ring is yours,” I say. “But check with Danny if you’re going to sell it. Now come on into Button Up. It’s time for sharing everything we know.”
I try the coffee shop door. It’s locked. Well, that makes sense. They are closed for business. Abi sees me and hurries to the door and unlocks it.
“Well?” she asks, without clarifying whatever the question is she’s asking. Or perhaps she wants to know if we’re both okay. I guess we look a bit shaken.
Toby just stands looking into the coffee shop. He seems to be suffering from shock. What we’ve just been through has had the opposite effect on me. I’m feeling overactive, and I can’t wait to share.
“I’m glad Danny is here,” I say, leading Toby in. “We need to pool all we know, and see if we can join up the dots and come up with a sensible picture.”
Why do some people say, “See if we can’t”? It sounds so negative and defeatist, and I always try to be positive.
“And I’ve got something new that you don’t know about, Janika,” Courtney says. “I think we should start with that.”
Without asking, Pete goes across to the coffee machine which I notice still has steam seeping from it. I wonder how much coffee they’ve been drinking in our absence. There’s no sign of any pastries. Oh well, can’t have everything.
Abi says, “Courtney has already told us that Detective Chief Inspector Wills wants to see her formally on Monday. This meeting could affect her whole future in the police force.”
Danny just nods. I already know he’s going to be there, along with the union rep.
“So it’s vital that we come up with something to put Courtney in the clear before the meeting,” Abi says. She looks at me. “And of course at the same time put you in the clear, Janika.”
I’m glad she’s added that.
The first thing everyone wants to know is what happened to me and Toby. So between us ‒ mostly me – Toby and I give a fairly dramatic account of the very dramatic events. Abi asks if the back of my car is all right, and I explain it’s the passenger side that I’m bothered about. More work for Rupert, assuming he’s patient enough to keep fixing it.
“So the police have two men in custody,” Danny says thoughtfully, making notes on a pad he’s produced from somewhere. I notice he has a very smart pen with which to make the notes.
“Young men,” I say. “A man in his teens was driving the black van that crashed. There was no one in the white van that backed up tight up behind us. So whoever it was, knew what was going to happen, and got out before the crash. We didn’t see anyone running away.”
Toby seems to be recovering, because he isn’t going to be left out. “And the passenger who was injured in the Volvo looked to be a similar age. He’s been arrested, too.”
“What about the driver?” Courtney asks. “Did you get a look at him?”
I shake my head. “No idea. I was too busy moving out of his way. The police downloaded my dash cam, but as far as I could see his face is too blurry to recognise. There’s also a reflection from the windscreen, which doesn’t help.”
“And I didn’t notice him, either,” Toby says. “I should have been paying more attention, but I was worried about the impending collision.”
“We didn’t go back immediately,” I explain. “We waited until the police were there, for our own safety. The driver or passenger could have been armed. Anyway, the police said they’d seen no one running away in their direction, and no one came past us.”
“They were probably hiding in the house with that Buckwell woman,” Pete says. “That’s obvious. Didn’t anyone go to check?”
I get a hollow feeling in my stomach. “Unfortunately not. I was too shaken to think clearly. That was stupid of me.”
“Stupid of us,” Toby adds.
“Well,” Courtney says, “what we’re getting is confirmation that my enquiries were going in the right direction when I was still the detective sergeant in charge. These are young men, yobbos, who’ve lost their livelihood from drugs, and they’ve seen too many movies and television serials about street gangs and protection rackets.”
“There’s a woman involved as well,” I say. “Let’s not forget Karen Buckwell. In the photographs she looks to be in her mid-thirties, so I suppose she could be a mother of one of the teenagers, or a partner.”
“And the woman who broke our windows,” Abi says. “She must be part of the same gang.”
Pete puts his hand up as though in school, but says nothing. Hayley nudges him. “Go on,” she whispers. “I don’t think your idea is stupid at all.”
We all turn to Pete, who now looks highly embarrassed.
“It’s like this,” he says at last, staring down at the table. “I didn’t think of it at the time, but when we went knocking on the doors, somebody told us they’d seen a young man running away from here through the passageway. Lots of people were running about, but Hayley told me this might be something important, but I didn’t want to waste your time.”
“No problem,” I say. “Don’t feel bad about it, Pete.” I want to let him down gently. “We’re going to pick up lots of bits of information. Some of it is bound to be useless.”
“That’s right,” Courtney says. “Information is everything in an investigation. It’s just a question of sorting out which bits are useful. And this bit of information sounds extremely useful. To use your words, Pete, you might really have cracked the case. I wish I’d come down here with you earlier, but I wanted a bit of time on my own up in Janika’s place. I keep thinking about that ring, and how proud I was to wear it.”
“Hold on,” I say. “What’s so important about a man? It was definitely a woman, probably a young woman, who phoned and told me to go down to the park.”
Hayley nods enthusiastically. “What makes you think the woman who phoned is the same person who broke the windows?”
Hayley really is a budding detective. Perhaps I should be taking her and Pete on as apprentices. I nod slowly. “For some reason I’ve been fixated on it being the same person. Okay, so perhaps I got that wrong.”
“Did anyone see where the running man went?” Courtney asks.
I can see she’s making an important point, but she was just as fooled as I was at the beginning.
Pete shrugs. “We didn’t ask. As I just said, I didn’t think it was important. I didn’t even think to ask if the young man was wearing a blue zip jacket. I’m ever so sorry, Janika. I’ve always fancied my detective skills, and now I’ve let you down badly.”
I shake my head. “Don’t feel bad about it, Pete. You’ve done a lot better than I have. And so has Hayley of course. Do you know who the witness was? That’s the important thing we need to know.”
“It was an old man who looked a bit like my dad. I know where he lives. I can go back now.”
As Pete gets to his feet, I pull him back down. “That’s a job for me,” I say.
“For me,” Courtney says. “That man may know who you are, Janika. If he thinks you’re guilty, he’s not going to give any evidence that contradicts that. Give me his address, Pete. He’s not going to help me with Karen Buckwell’s accusation, but it might get you off the hook for breaking the windows, Janika.”
She stands up quickly. “I’m going now. Pete, you’d better come with me, so the man knows you’ve already been speaking to him.”
“I was with Pete, too,” Hayley says. “I’m coming as well.”
I’m not sure if that’s a good idea, but the three are already making their way to the door.
“Leave it to Courtney,” I call out. “Let her do all the talking. Please.”
They may not have heard me. They are already closing the door behind them.
“There’s a bit of bad news we have to share with you,” Abi says quietly, as soon as we are alone.
I look up at her quickly. Surely if I was about to be charged with criminal damage, Danny would be the one breaking the news. “Go on,” I say warily.
“A young woman from the local paper came round while you were gone,” Abi says. “She had a camera and voice recorder. She wanted to know the latest on the police investigation, and the names of any possible suspects.
“Like me?” I ask, resigned to bad publicity.
Abi smiles. “Fortunately, Danny was here and he warned her not to speculate about who broke the windows. He made it clear that the police have various avenues to explore, and nobody has been arrested and charged.”
“Thanks, Danny.”
He smiles, and Abi adds, “He also made it clear that she has to make absolutely sure that those words go into her report. He warned her that if she speculates about any possible names, she and her paper will have to answer to Branks, Davis & Waters.
Good one, Danny. However, I’m sure my name is currently being bandied about the area and online – not as a private detective, but as a crazy vandal. Perhaps even a dangerous vandal.

Chapter 26

“You’ve got your hands full,” I say to Danny, when the four of us are left alone. “You need to concentrate on Courtney. She has to get her job back. As far as I’m concerned, I can hold out for a bit with no clients. It will probably all blow over within the next few months.”
“Danny is going to help both of you,” Abi says firmly. “Aren’t you, Danny?”
Danny says of course he is. Toby has slipped to the toilet, and Danny asks me if there’s anything I didn’t want to say in front of the others about our trip to Brevelstone.
All I can add is that the uniformed police seem to have some sympathy for Courtney, so I hope Detective Chief Inspector Wills feels the same way.
Toby comes back and peers behind the service counter. “Any chance of something to eat?” he asks. “I felt sick at the time, but now we’re back here I’m a bit peckish.”
If Pete was here, instead of being out with Courtney and Hayley, Abi would be sending him to the service counter. It’s only the pastries and the French bread that need to be fresh daily. Abi offers us both panini, and we tell her that’s great, and any filling will be fine ‒ whatever will go out of date before the coffee shop can reopen.
I can see Abi busy cutting up some panini rolls. I’ve no idea what the fillings will be, but anything is welcome. The coffee machine starts to scream, so Abi clearly understands our unspoken needs.
I wait for the machine to go silent. I want Abi to hear what we’re saying, although it’s surprising how much she can pick up in the way of gossip when Button Up is noisy. Perhaps she has special hearing that ignores the machine ‒ although it’s probably why, while Pete is making the coffee, Abi is slowly walking around slowly clearing tables and asking customers if there’s anything else they want.
“I think Courtney is right,” Danny says loudly, even though the machine is now silent, “and we are dealing with inexperienced young men who are probably out of their depth. Maybe teenage boys who fancy taking over the manor, so to speak, now that the drug dealing network has been dismantled.”
“Courtney reckons the network is only temporarily dismantled,” I say, as Abi puts two coffee cups and saucers on the table. A large cappuccino for me and an Americano for Toby, who is now back.
Danny nods. “Unfortunately, yes, only temporarily dismantled. I think that Karen Buckwell who accused Courtney of theft is an important piece in the jigsaw. There’s no doubt she was lying about her bank cards being stolen by Courtney, but we need to find the motive. I don’t see her being part of the gang running a protection racket.”
“I think Pete would call her the gangsters’ moll,” Abi says dryly.
“Well,” I say, “I’m sure the Brevelstone CID are still investigating the fire at that general store. Just because Courtney is out of action, doesn’t mean the work will come to a halt. It’s just that it may not be done as efficiently, which is what the gang want.”
“What about the windows?” Abi says. “Don’t forget Janika here. She’s‒‒‒‒”
Abi breaks off as Pete comes hammering on the door, followed by an excited Hayley and Courtney. Abi hurries to let them in, and I notice Courtney is deliberately holding one hand behind her back.
“Definitely cracked it this time. For sure,” Pete says. “Just like that. I knew all along.”
“No you didn’t,” Hayley says impatiently. “You said the running man had nothing to do with it.”
I gather that the running man did, and I can’t wait to hear the story. “Tell,” I say.
“It’s Pete’s fault,” Hayley says, her cheeks red with excitement. “But when Courtney asked the old man to describe the young man, the penny dropped.”
“You mean the old man who’s the same age as Pete’s father?” Abi asks, laughing.
I put a hand on her shoulder as a hint to keep quiet. Clearly the three have made major progress.
In a voice shaking with emotion, Hayley says, “The man was on his way out to get a newspaper. As he got close to the passageway he heard breaking glass. Then a young man came pushing past, taking off a blue jacket. The old man remembers that. Apparently he shouted at the young man to mind his manners.”
Pete and Hayley start talking excitedly together, and I turn to Courtney who still seems to have something behind her back. That’s intriguing. It won’t be the jacket. That’s now with the police, along with the second red break hammer.
“Courtney,” I say, holding my hands up in an appeal for calm, “perhaps you’d better tell us what you’ve got there.”
Courtney points to Pete. “You deserve to tell what’s happened,” she says.
“I’m the one with the brains,” Hayley says. “I told Pete all along that the young man might be the young woman.”
That gets a small laugh from us, although I don’t think she intended it as humour. “Okay, Hayley,” I say, “over to you. Tell us what you’ve discovered.”
Hayley looks at me and shakes her head. Clearly she’s lost for words at the sudden realisation that she’s the centre of attention. “You tell them, Pete,” she says shyly.
Pete doesn’t need to be asked twice. “Courtney asked him what the young man’s hair looked like. For a moment the old man said he didn’t know, and then he said, ‘Oh, you mean the wig?’”
I can guess now what Courtney is hiding behind her back. Well I hope I’m right. Desperately, desperately hoping I’m right. But it looks as though I’m going to have to sit here for a bit longer ‒ with unusually great patience.
Pete turns to me. “The old man said that the running man handed him a wig, and told him he could use it, because he’s bald. Which he is.”
Courtney laughs. “He said no such thing, Pete.”
Pete shrugs. “I know, but it makes a great story.”
“I think I’d better take over,” Courtney says, “or we’re going to be here all night. The man, who certainly isn’t old, said that the young man was busy trying to get his blue jacket off in the passageway, and he had a wig in his hand which he accidentally dropped. The gentleman we were speaking to thought the young man didn’t deserve to get it back, so he picked it up and hid it under his jacket. He was going to give it to his young granddaughter for her dressing-up box.”
“And where is it now?” Abi asks.
“Here!” Courtney pulls her hand round to the front, holding a brown wig. It’s not exactly my style or shade, but near enough to fool anyone who doesn’t know me.
Courtney hands it to me to examine. Now it’s been messed around with, any useful evidence on there will be long gone. Even so, I hold it carefully, and it will certainly go in a large polythene bag before I pass it round to the others.
Abi must be reading my thoughts, because she nips behind the service counter and produces a see-through bag that’s more than large enough.
It’s not even a proper wig. The hair is darker brown than mine. It’s a slightly glossy plastic. It’s the sort of thing you buy in a joke shop or a bargain store for Halloween parties. The so-called hair was probably long originally, but it’s been cut back to look a bit like my own hair.
Is this really how people see me?
“That’s amazing progress,” I say. “Well done, Pete and Hayley. Or should I say Hayley and Pete? Anyway, well done the pair of you.”
I can see them both glowing with pleasure. I won’t add that it’s a shame Pete didn’t come up with that man/woman theory earlier, but I don’t suppose it would make any difference if he had. The main thing is, we have a witness who is willing to talk, plus the blue jacket and a wig. Surely the police won’t be blaming me now. The sooner Danny gives them this evidence, the better.
Pete is almost jumping around in excitement. “Hayley and me want to help more,” he says. “Don’t we, Hayley? We’re going to take that wig into town.”
“I bet it came from the pound store,” Hayley says.
“Or the newsagent by the railway station,” Abi adds. “They sell joke stuff, but you’d better get a move on. They’ll be closing soon. Come back here and let us know how you get on.”
“Okey dokey,” Pete says. “We’ll be as quick as we can. We’ll take the scooter.”
I shake my head. “I think Courtney had better go with you,” I say. “Don’t forget, you’re obtaining evidence that could be used in a court of law. I’d go myself, but since I’m known, and since the man we talked to in his house was convinced he’d seen me running away, I don’t want the shopkeeper pointing at me and saying, ‘That’s her. Definitely her. She bought that wig from here two days ago. I’d know her anywhere. I don’t care what she says!’”

Chapter 27

Somebody raps on the coffee shop door. What have they forgotten? But it’s not the famous three back, it’s Bella. Abi hurries across to let her in.
“I’ve just seen that detective and the young couple from here,” she says, sounding rather worked up.
I’m assuming she thinks Pete and Hayley are a married couple. An easy mistake to make when seeing them together.
Abi invites Bella to sit down. When I got here with Toby, two tables had been pushed together to make enough seating space for everyone. Bella places herself wearily where Courtney has been sitting. I’m sure she knows now that opening a business is hard work.
Abi starts to offer coffee and a pastry. Apparently there are plenty still left round the back. Perhaps it’s just as well I didn’t know. But I wish Bella would get on and tell us what she’s come to say. Refreshments can wait.
“They were coming past my shop, and I asked the young man, Pete I think he’s called, if he could possibly help me lift a large marble countertop and place it across two of the stands. I was afraid of dropping it. It’s too awkward for one person.”
“Just get on with it, Bella,” is what I want to say, but I don’t.
Fortunately, the young florist shakes her head, and says she’ll wait for coffee. “I took the opportunity to ask the young man how things were going. Had they caught the woman who broke the windows? The young man said it wasn’t a woman, it was a man.”
“He shouldn’t have said that,” I say.
I can see Danny frowning. I’m sure he agrees with me that if the case comes to court, it would be a great mistake if the prosecution said we’d attempted to influence Bella to change her testimony. If her statement is going to be changed, it must be by presenting incontrovertible evidence.
Bella nods to herself. “That’s strange, because that’s what Mrs Miller said when we saw the person running away, see,” she says, her Welsh accent stronger than ever now that she’s so animated. “That’s the woman who was talking to me when we saw the person coming out from your door, Janika. She said, ‘That’s not a woman. That’s a young man in a wig.’”
“So why didn’t she say that to the police?” I protest. “Danny, what would happen if this Mrs Miller goes to the police to change her statement?”
Danny sighs and shakes his head. “Very little now, unfortunately. Both Bella and Mrs Miller were insistent at the time that they’d seen a woman. Our only hope is that the shop where the purchaser bought the wig has CCTV. Unfortunately, it would have been cash for sure, which means there would be no card transaction involved.”
“I’m ever so sorry,” Bella says. “Really I am, Janika. I simply told the police what I thought I’d seen. I didn’t know you then properly. Oh, I really am so, so, so sorry to have made trouble for you.”
I’m guessing Bella doesn’t know about Courtney Jacob’s problems, and I’m certainly not intending to share them. As a private investigator I try to avoid sharing gossip – usually with surprising success. Listening to it is a different matter altogether!
We’ve only just started our panini. Tuna and cucumber. My favourite. Abi asks again if Bella would like coffee and a pastry, and this time she says yes. Abi winks at me, and I take that as an offer, too. Toby says he’d like a pastry later, if there are any spare.
Abi laughs, and says, “There’s still nearly enough stock round the back to feed all the customers who couldn’t get here today, and the shoppers are especially partial to pastries and donuts.”
“You’d better get Liam in here, in that case,” I say, but no one is listening. Someone is banging on the shop door.
I can see Pete. There’s no sign of the other two. “Let me in, let me in!” I can hear him shout.
Fear grips me. An accident has happened.
Before Abi can get to the door, Hayley and then Courtney appear from behind. Relief sweeps over me.
“Success, success!” Pete shouts.
“We found it, we found it!” Hayley shouts equally loudly.
Abi raises her hands. “Come and sit down, and tell us exactly what you’ve found, but quietly, please.”
Bella starts to get her feet. “Perhaps I shouldn’t be here,” she says quietly.
It seems a shame to get rid of Bella so soon after she’s arrived, but Danny quietly suggests that it would be wise for Bella not to listen to our discussions about the crime.
Courtney agrees. “I’m sorry, Bella, but Danny is right. Just give us long enough for us to tell what’s happened, but please be sure to come back in ... ten minutes.” Courtney notices the coffee and pastry in front of Bella. “Oh, sorry about that.”
Abi points to the service counter. “There’s no shortage of coffee or pastries today,” she says. “I’ll make you a coffee to go, and put a couple of pastries in a pack. I hope you understand that this case has serious legal implications.”
I’ve really taken to Bella. She says that of course she understands, and she hopes that whatever the three of them have discovered, it puts me completely in the clear. Well, I certainly agree with her on that.
Abi lets her out through the shop door, full of apologies, but I can hear Bella repeating that of course she understands completely.
As soon as Abi is back she turns to Courtney. “Well?”
Courtney points to Hayley. “She’s the hero. Come on, Hayley, tell everyone about your brilliant idea.”
Pete looks equally excited. “I’m a hero, too. I had the second bright idea. We’ve cracked the case wide open, just Hayley and me.”
“Cracked it open for the third time,” I want to say. I keep quiet. I’ve spotted three remaining pastries on the plate, but before anyone can reach them, Abi whisks the plate away.
“Sit down, everyone, and take it slowly please. Hayley, you go first, and everyone else keep quiet.”
Hayley seems to have recovered from her attack of shyness, and now looks pleased to be the centre of attention. Clearly she has something exciting she’s bursting to tell. “We were going towards the main shops, when I remembered the old arcade.”
“And the party shop!” I shout, rather too loudly.
Abi shakes a finger at me, but she’s laughing as she does it.
“I told Courtney about it, so we went straight there,” Hayley continues. “We put the wig on the counter and asked the woman if they sold them.”
“But she said they didn’t,” Pete says.
“So I told her to look closely,” Hayley says. “I said it had probably been cut down. So she looked again, more closely this time. Then she reached up onto a shelf and pulled down a box that said, Men’s Disco Wigs. Several of them were brown like this, but sort of bushy and curly.”
“Otherwise identical,” Pete adds.
I look at Courtney, hoping for really good news, but she shakes her head. “The woman can sort of remember someone coming in and asking for a brown wig, but she was busy sorting out a young child with a fairy princess costume. All she can remember is that it was a young man, and he must have paid cash. She can’t remember him using a card.”
“So what’s the success you’ve come in shouting about?” I ask.
“Well,” Hayley says, looking rather deflated, “we know where it came from. That proves that someone was pretending to be you.”
I don’t know how to break the news. “It doesn’t really,” I say slowly, “because there’s no proof that this wig was even part of the clothes the window breaker was wearing. Unless the shop knows who bought the wig, it can’t be used as evidence. That young man might have wanted it for a party, and it’s not the same wig or same man at all.”
“There’s more,” Pete says, but he no longer sounds as confident as he did when they came back. “I remembered that the other side of the arcade there’s a small retail area. There’s a car accessory shop there, and they were still open. So Courtney asked if they sold emergency break hammers for car windows. And they do. They sell large ones with flashlights in them, and small red ones in pairs, just like the one the police found.”
“And someone there can remember a young man buying them,” Hayley adds. “They didn’t have any on display, and had to go to the stockroom and hunt around a long time to find them. The young man said he wanted two. He was rather impatient, and couldn’t wait to get going.”
“And I suppose he paid cash as well,” I say.
The three nod their heads glumly. “And they don’t have CCTV inside the shop. Just covering the parking area outside,” Courtney says, “but it wasn’t working. That’s the story of life when you want evidence from a CCTV camera. You can be sure it never works.”
“So,” Abi asks, placing the plate of pastries back on the table, “are we any further ahead? A young man buys a wig. A young man buys two emergency glass break hammers. Someone looking like a young woman breaks three shop windows and runs away. A young man nearly knocks somebody over, apparently running away from here. Well, Danny, what does the bright young lawyer from Branks, Davis & Waters have to say?”
Danny has been thoughtful while we’ve been hearing the rather disjointed account of the shopping expedition, and I have to say he doesn’t look particularly elated.
“We need to track down the young man,” he says at last.
Well, that’s absolutely brilliant. If that’s the best the local legal mind can come up with, I’m not sure I want Danny representing me if my case comes to court!

Chapter 28

Toby has been sitting quietly, apparently deep in thought. He’s not been staring at the remaining pastries, so perhaps he’s about to come up with a clever idea.
“Listen, everyone,” he says quietly, but his voice carries enough authority for us all to stop talking immediately. “It’s slightly risky, but I really want to help Janika and Courtney. Neither you nor Courtney can go with me, Janika. The police would take a very dim view. But if I go alone, I think I can pull it off.”
It doesn’t sound fair if I can’t go with him, but I’m prepared to listen ‒ and then argue.
“I’ve been thinking about the crash outside Ms Buckwell’s apartment building,” Toby says. “Another coffee, Abi, please. Just to keep my brain functioning properly.”
“I certainly don’t want to think of Janika going there again,” Abi says quickly.
Toby shakes his head. “No, I’m going on my own this time. And I need to take my own car. With all that damage, Janika’s will be easy to recognise by anybody looking around there.”
I put my arm around Toby without really thinking. “I don’t want you going alone if it’s dangerous, Toby. I insist on coming with you.”
“And me,” Courtney says quickly. “Karen Buckwell is my problem, not yours and Janika’s, Toby.”
“Don’t panic, you two,” Toby says. “What I’m planning is perfectly routine for me. I’m fully in agreement with you that the two incidents are connected. But I don’t think it’s sensible to involve either of you in this.”
I can’t imagine what ingenious plan is in Toby’s mind, and I just hope it’s a good one, and not something that is certain to end in a disaster involving the emergency services. What could it be, if it’s perfectly routine for him?
“I know it’s rather late now,” Toby says, “but insurance investigators work round the clock, so it won’t seem strange. I’m going to drive up, park, and go to the house next door. Anyone hanging around will notice me arriving, whether they have something to hide or not. Janika, did you notice how many single occupancy houses there are?”
“Sorry, Toby, I didn’t think about it. But picturing it now, maybe only Karen Buckwell’s house is divided into flats or apartments. We can check on Google Maps. There may be some sort of clue. There are no houses on the opposite side. Just woodland, like there is in Abi and Danny’s road. Only much smaller.”
“That’s not a problem,” Toby says. “I was just wondering if you noticed. Anyway, I’ll go to the house on the left of Ms Buckwell’s. It doesn’t matter if there are several flats, or just a single occupant. I’ll put on my insurance assessor’s hat, not literally, and ask if anyone was a witness to the accident outside earlier today. If they say they’ve already given statements to the police, I’ll thank them, say that’s fine, and leave them alone.”
I can start to see where this is going. It’s a crafty routine worthy of me, the trained private investigator. I let Toby continue without interruption.
“It doesn’t matter if they saw anything of the accident or not. So working on the assumption that someone is watching me, I make a note of anything they tell me, useful or not.”
“And then you start on the ground floor of Karen Buckwell’s house and work your way up floor by floor,” Abi says. “Brilliant.”
Toby doesn’t look put out that his punch line has been stolen, and he just nods.
“I have to come with you,” I insist. “Supposing it all goes wrong? Who’s going to be there to rescue you?”
“Janika,” Toby says. “I’m going home first to change. I’ll be wearing my business suit and carrying a briefcase and a clipboard. If anyone wants to check my identity, I’ll show them one of my business cards. Give me a couple of your bugs and show me how to work them. If Ms Buckwell invites me into her flat, I’ll hide them somewhere, and then we can listen in to any conversations.”
Danny overhears, and says, “I suppose you realise that anything you obtain illegally like that will be inadmissible as evidence in court. Not only that, Toby, you could end up in court yourself for an invasion of privacy.”
Toby turns to me in surprise. “So how do you do your work, Janika? I take it you haven’t ended up in prison yet.”
I don’t say anything about prison, but I suspect I could end up there if we don’t find out who broke the windows. “I can only do it with the property owner’s permission. Danny’s right, there’s no way you can set bugs in Karen Buckwell’s apartment.”
“Point taken,” Toby says, looking rather disappointed. The boy in him obviously wants to play private detectives. “Anyway, if we all arrive together, and someone is watching from Ms Buckwell’s apartment window, my cover will be blown ‒ as you detectives say. Sorry, Janika, but I need to do this on my own.”
Abi seems to be taking my side. “You can’t possibly go alone, Toby. We’ll all go in our little Kia, and park much earlier in the road, but close enough to keep an eye on things. Have my number on speed dial, and if you need help, phone us immediately.”
I’m starting to feel a little more comfortable now, but I don’t like the thought of Toby needing to use speed dial. “Supposing Karen Buckwell invites you in, and an hour later you still don’t come out?” I ask. “And you haven’t phoned us. What do we do?”
“It won’t happen, Janika,” Toby says reassuringly. “But if it does, there are three of you to break in and rescue me.”
“Four,” Courtney says. “I’m coming too. Don’t forget, we think these people are not much more than youths.”
Toby looks surprised. “Isn’t that a good thing?”
Courtney shakes her head. “It’s bad news. Very bad news. It wouldn’t take much to make them panic and do something stupid ‒ like murder!”

Chapter 29

We left in a bit of a hurry, and Pete assured Abi that he would lock up as usual, as soon as we’d gone. The little Kia Picanto was designed to have three passengers in the back seat, so there’s a proper safety belt in the middle. It’s all a bit of a squash, so perhaps Kia thought only small passengers would be sitting here.
Toby went home in his own car to change. We’ve just picked him up, because we feel it’s better to stick together at this stage. The time has gone on much more quickly than I expected, and it’s going to be dark in an hour or so.
It’s nearly an hour to Karen’s road in Brevelstone at this time of the evening, and by the time we’re halfway there I’ve made a vow to stop eating Button Up pastries every day.
Toby is in the middle wearing his business suit, so he has the pleasure of been squashed up against two lovely females. I’m wondering now if it was purely politeness when he insisted that Abi sits in the front!
“Take the next turning,” I say to Danny, who’s driving.
“We can safely go closer than this,” he says in surprise.
“I’ve been looking at a map of the area,” I explain. “The woodland opposite Karen Buckwell’s house isn’t nearly as extensive as the woods by your house, Danny. If we stop along here, we can cut through the woods, and come out opposite the house, while still being hidden by the trees.”
“What about my lovely suit?” Toby asks in alarm.
Abi turns round from the passenger seat. “I know where we are, Toby. Danny, drop us off here, then go to the end of Karen’s road and drop Toby off. Then turn round, and come back here. In the meantime we’ll start making our way through the trees, and you can join us.”
“But quietly, Danny,” I warn. “No calling out to see where we are.”
I only say it as a sort of joke, because I imagine Danny is an extremely sensible man if he’s a lawyer. But it’s worth making the point.
“Toby,” I say, “put your phone on vibrate only. As you said, start at the house next to Karen’s in case anyone is watching. You’re right, you need to make what you’re doing seem perfectly ordinary. When we’re in place, we’ll phone you, so you know it’s okay to go to Karen’s house, beginning on the ground floor.”
Toby looks a bit grim as he goes off with Danny. He’s about to find out how scary it can be, being a private detective knocking on doors in the evening and expecting danger. A lot more scary than sitting in a car waiting for something to happen. Unless, of course, you’re about to be rammed at high speed by a large Volvo estate.
I’ve packed a shoulder bag with kit we’re likely to need, including my night vision binoculars in case we have to stake out Karen’s house for a couple of hours.
There’s no sign of the earlier accident. The police have taken the van and the Volvo, and presumably any other evidence they can find. I’m glad about that. If I saw that wreckage again, I would probably freak out, imagining my little Micra crushed between the two vehicles, and blood dripping from under the smashed doors. Stop it, Janika!
I pass Courtney my camera. It’s excellent in low light conditions, with electronic picture steadying. I explain how to use it, just in case I’m using some other bit of kit, like the binoculars. We are all wearing dark clothing, and without talking, Courtney and Abi follow me along a little path I’ve spotted through the trees towards Karen’s road.
There aren’t nearly as many trees as there are in Abi’s wood, and we can keep well back from the road, hopefully out of sight, and see the whole of the house where Karen has her top floor flat.
Oh, this is so disappointing. It’s dusk, and past the time when people turn their lights on indoors. The house to the left has lights on, but the whole house where Karen lives is in darkness.
I don’t need to point this out to the others, and Courtney says, “We might as well make ourselves comfortable. If we’re waiting for Karen to come home, we could be here for a long time.”
Danny has now joined us, making his way surprisingly quietly though the trees to find us. He arrives just in time to hear Courtney mention the long time. I think he and Abi must be enjoying themselves on this job, because there’s no groan from either of them.
“Look, there’s Toby,” Abi says. “There must have been only one occupant in the house next door. He’s standing by the gate, obviously waiting for our phone call – which we’ve forgotten to make.”
Indeed we have. I’m not sure if the others have Toby’s number, but I want to talk to him anyway. He answers quickly. “There’s no one anywhere in Karen’s house,” I explain. “Either that, or she’s in bed. There aren’t any lights.”
“Too early to be in bed,” Toby says. “I should have noticed before I went to the first house.”
A car drives by, its headlights on in the dusk. Abi and Danny duck quickly, but Courtney and I stay absolutely still.
“Never do that,” I say to them when the car has gone past. “People notice sudden movement. Even if you’re feeling exposed, it’s still essential not to move.”
“I know we’re wearing dark clothes, but I thought they might see our faces,” Abi says.
“No one in the car would have been looking directly at us,” I explain, “but they could have seen movement out of the corner of their eyes. Even if we weren’t dressed in dark clothes, no way will anyone spot us by chance if we freeze.”
Courtney agrees. “And never watch from above the skyline, like on a rooftop,” she adds. “Both are an absolute no-no on surveillance.”
Another car passes, and I can understand why Abi and Danny wanted to duck down. It’s the obvious thing to do, but the worst. This time they stay absolutely still. Well done, you two.
Toby has gone to Karen’s house and is ringing one of the doorbells. If there’s someone in the main building, even though we can’t see any lights, he’ll be able to find out some details about Karen Buckwell at the same time. Clever.
A large and rather old BMW draws up by Karen’s gate. I can hear a man shouting from inside the car. Toby has heard it too. Perhaps he can hear what’s going on better than we can.
I switch my phone to record mode, being careful to shield the screen with my hand before I can disable it. I tell the others to stay put, and make my way slowly and cautiously forward. I realise Courtney is coming with me. Well, the more witnesses to whatever is happening, the better.
As long as we don’t get caught.

Chapter 30

The shouting has stopped, the angry male voice is now replaced by a woman screaming inside the car. Then the back door on the far side must have been flung open, because I can hear the woman much more clearly. I’m glad to see that Toby hasn’t come forward to see what’s happening. The situation is too violent to get involved in.
I hope he stays where he is by the front door of the house. I don’t want him getting mixed up in any violence. I don’t want any of us getting mixed up in violence, but Courtney and I are at least trained to deal with these sort of situations – especially Courtney!
A young man, probably no more than Pete’s age, jumps out and reaches back into the car. There’s another scream, and he drags a woman out by her hair. It’s Karen, I’m sure of it.
Courtney is taking pictures with my camera. Although the screen lights up, it’s only small and in all the activity going on across the road, it surely won’t be noticed. I hope Courtney keeps pressing the Take button.
“Stand up straight, you stupid bitch,” the young man shouts, while Karen continues to scream. “And shut that big mouth of yours. You don’t want to attract attention, or your secret comes out.”
Just those few words are enough to make me realise what’s going on. Courtney turns slowly to me and nods. She’s caught on, too.
Karen has gone quiet. That man must have serious evidence to use as blackmail.
My phone vibrates. I think I can only answer it by switching off the recording. Anyway, this isn’t the time to experiment. I turn with my back to the road and put the phone on the ground, kneeling in front of it to hide the screen. It’s probably unnecessary, because the driver has now got out to join Karen and the man, and will be a distraction.
It’s Toby. “Should I phone the police?” he asks. “It looks really nasty what’s going on out there.”
“Keep out of it, Toby,” I warn. “I’m here with Courtney as witnesses, but they’re not going to kill Karen. As far as they’re concerned, she’s a golden goose.”
“Any more trouble,” the man shouts at Karen, “and every single picture goes online. Got it?”
That’s what I guessed. It’s how they’ve been controlling her.
The driver is about to hit Karen, but seems to think better of it. He pushes her through the gateway and both young men jump back into the BMW, leaving Karen sobbing on the ground as they drive off with a squeal from the back tyres.
Oh, how macho they must think they are. Well, it’s time to sort out the mess that Karen Buckwell is obviously in.
Toby, the gentleman, reaches Karen before Courtney and I can get clear of the trees and jump the small ditch. I can hear Abi and Danny not far behind. The danger to us is over now, unless the men come back. But I can’t see that happening. They’ve made too much of a disturbance, and I can see a couple of sash windows sliding up on the house next door.
No one seems to be interested in the lower two floors at Karen’s house. If there’s anyone in there, they must be listening to the radio with the lights out, and with the sound turned up loudly enough to miss all the shouting and screaming.
By the time Courtney and I have crossed the road, Toby is helping Karen to her feet. It’s still light enough for Karen to see our faces, and she instantly realises who we are. “Go on, beat me up,” she says. “I deserve it.”
“You deserve no such thing,” Toby says gently.
By now, Abi and Danny have reached us. Danny says, “I’m a solicitor with Branks, Davis & Waters. I’ll represent you, no matter what you’ve done. You’re Karen Buckwell, aren’t you?”
The poor woman nods, then shakes her head. “You don’t know the half of it. Just leave me alone. I deserve what’s coming to me.”
“Karen,” I say gently, taking hold of her arm, “we were all witnesses to what happened just now. Those men obviously have something on you, or you wouldn’t have accused Courtney here of taking your cards.”
Karen pulls herself away. “I can’t go to the police and say it was all a mistake,” she sobs. “Both men have something serious on me. I’ll lose my job at the medical centre and have to move away in shame.”
“We’ll see you safely up to your apartment,” Abi says, probably hoping to get inside and hear the whole confession. Well done, Abi.
“My bag,” Karen says, looking around. “It’s over there, by the gate.”
Before she can move, Toby hurries across and retrieves it. Karen snatches it from him.
We follow Karen up two flights of stairs to the entrance door to her apartment. I’m not sure if she’s even aware that we’re still here. But I guess she is, because she holds the door open for us all to go in.
Courtney hesitates. Danny says she has to come, for safety. He will explain to the police if necessary, and he’s sure that as long as she doesn’t get involved in asking questions, it won’t affect her case if it comes to court. Which he’s sure it won’t, anyway.
I’m not sure I share his optimism, but maybe we’ll know very soon who put Karen Buckwell up to making a false accusation, and why.
I’m leaving it to Danny to do the talking. It’s vital that we don’t do anything stupid that the prosecution can use to convince the jury or the magistrate of Karen’s guilt – although of course she is guilty. But I’m feeling sorry for her now.
Karen points to Courtney. We’re still standing, although there are enough seats for all of us. “I’m sorry, but they made me do it.”

Chapter 31

Karen begins to shake, and Abi leads her to one of the upright chairs. “I didn’t mean to get you into trouble, Ms Jacobs” Karen sobs. “I’m just a nice girl really. I’m a lab technician at the medical centre, and I know I’m going to lose my job in disgrace.”
“We’re here to help you,” Danny repeats. “I’m a lawyer at a legal practice in Craidlea, but I can’t help you if you don’t tell us what’s happening.”
I think I’m ahead of everyone else here. “It’s all about some photographs, isn’t it?” I say gently.
Karen just sits there looking miserable, wiping her eyes.
“And I’m guessing these young men have copies,” I say.
“They are awful,” Karen sobs. “I shouldn’t have done it. They led me into a trap. The young man seemed so nice when we got chatting, and I was feeling lonely. He reminded me of my student days, and made me feel young again. He took me out for a few drinks, and then suggested we went back to his place. I don’t think it was his place at all, but I was in no condition to argue.
“The next morning he drove me back, and gave me his phone number and a DVD. He said it was to remember the night by. I had to phone him when I’d looked at it, and ask if I’d like it to go online. I didn’t know what he meant.
“Well, I knew as soon as I started to watch it. I was sick. Literally sick. I even considered ending it all. I can’t even remember what the young man looked like. Somebody had edited his face into a blur. But not mine ‒ or any other part of us.”
I think the others have caught on now, even if they hadn’t before.
“And what do they want you to do for them, to stop them putting the images online?” Danny asks.
Karen points at Courtney. “They made me. They really made me accuse you of theft. I’m ever so sorry, ever so sorry. Is there anything I can do to put it right?”
Well, there’s one obvious thing she can do ‒ go to the police. But I’m guessing that isn’t an option Karen has in mind.
“The police have to know,” Danny says. “Those young men must be stopped. You’re probably not the only person they’re blackmailing.”
“But my job....”
“Ms Buckwell,” Danny says gently, “you’ve done wrong. Let’s not pretend otherwise. But now is your chance to put things right. Those men need locking up, and only your evidence will do it. I know it’s late, but Courtney Jacobs can phone someone senior at Brevelstone CID. Let her explain what’s happened, and make it clear that you’re going to give every bit of information you can about the gang. For instance, are they the same as the people running a protection racket here in Brevelstone?”
Karen just nods.
“I don’t think they will publish those pictures. As soon as they do, they’ve lost every hold they have over you,” Courtney says, ignoring Danny’s advice to stay quiet if she came face-to-face with Karen. “I’m prepared to forgive you for what you did under extreme duress, as long as you tell everything to the police. We’ll be helping each other. My suspension with CID will be lifted, and you won’t be facing charges for what you did to me ‒ if I can possibly help it.”
Courtney turns to Danny. “And you will help Karen, won’t you.”
That was definitely a statement, not a question.
Danny nods. “As much as I can. First, Courtney, you need to get in touch with CID. Do you have an emergency number for someone senior?”
Courtney nods. “Several. Let me think for a moment and see the best way to go about this. I’d phone the local police if we had the registration number of that BMW, to get it pulled over, but I’m not sure that would be wise. We don’t want PC Plod coming here and carting us all off to jail.”
I imagine Courtney is speaking tongue in cheek. Well, I hope she is.
Abi is sniffing. “Can anyone smell smoke?”
We all shake our heads.
“I can,” she says. She goes to the window. “Perhaps someone has a bonfire.”
Courtney goes to the main door at the top of the stairs and opens it. Then slams it shut. “Fire!” she shouts. “The whole staircase is blazing!”
Karen jumps to her feet, her eyes wide in fear. “Then we’re trapped. There’s no way out. I keep talking to the landlord about a fire escape, and he keeps promising to get round to it.”
Both Courtney and Abi have their phones out, and they are tapping on the keys.
“I don’t know how long it will take for the brigade to get here,” Courtney says. “I guess it could be at least twenty minutes, or even half an hour. I don’t want to alarm you all, but it won’t take that long for the fire to reach here. Whatever you do, don’t open any windows. Where’s the bathroom, Karen?”
It seems that Courtney isn’t about to wet herself in panic. She’s collecting a set of towels. We watch while she soaks them under the shower and then lays them across the bottom of the entrance door to the apartment at the top of the stairs.
Then she leads us back into the main living room and seals that door as well as she can with two more wet towels. Smoke is already seeping from the under the door in small clouds.
If we’re going to escape from the windows, they have to be opened, obviously. But it’s a long way down to the ground. Although these old Victorian internal doors are substantial, I know that the updraught from a fire can be very powerful. So we push a heavy table against the door to prevent it bursting open, carrying smoke and flames while we escape. If we escape.
“Listen,” Abi shouts. “Sirens. How have they got here so quickly?”
I’m not bothered about the answer to that question. I just hope that they’re coming here, and not to a fire on the other side of town.
Through the window we can see two fire fighters, they look like men, with a long hose. It’s important to let them know we’re here, so I risk sliding up the large sash window for just a moment. I shout down that there are five of us trapped up here. No, six. I wasn’t counting Karen.
They shout back that they’re getting a long ladder, and we are to close the window until they reach us. Their initial assessment is that there’s no way to reach us from inside the building.
“I’m going to pray,” Abi says quietly. “Janika, you and Courtney can join in if you want to.”
There’s nothing like a bit of danger to make someone resort to prayer. I do know that. And this is far more than a bit of danger. This could end with the loss of six lives.
I catch hold of Courtney’s arm. “Come on, girl, let’s join in. You don’t have to say anything. But please make sure you say Amen loudly at the end!”

Chapter 32

I don’t know if it was the prayer, or the quick action of the fire brigade – most likely both – but we are safe in the garden. It was quite a scary trip down the ladder. Under better circumstances I might have enjoyed being carried over the shoulder of a muscular fireman, but I’m just glad to be down with my feet on the ground.
We had to open the window just for a moment, one at a time, and Courtney insisted on being the last to leave. She almost came to a fight with Danny who felt that the ladies should go first. However his gallantry got overruled by a surprisingly outspoken Detective Sergeant Courtney Jacobs.
“Luckily we followed you,” I hear Pete Wilders say.
I turn in surprise, and there is Pete with his arms around Hayley. “We both need a pay rise for this,” he says to Abi.
I’m wondering if I’m still upstairs, slowly burning to death, and this is the sort of hallucination that happens when you’re dying.
“How did you get here, Pete?” I hear Abi asking.
“Those two aren’t the only two detectives in town,” he says, pointing to me and Courtney. “We knew you’d both need professional backup, so I said to Hayley, ‘Let’s go and help those two rookies. They’re bound to get into big trouble if we’re not there to help them.’”
“But how did you know to come here?” Abi asks again.
“We heard your plans,” Pete continues, “and we knew you were heading for trouble.”
Hayley nods in confirmation. “We stayed in the coffee shop for a few minutes before locking up, when Pete suddenly says, ‘Come on, Hayley, let’s go there on our bike and see if they need our help.’”
“There were three of them,” Pete says. “We parked up the road a bit with the lights off so we wouldn’t be seen, then crept close enough to see a woman being pulled out of the car. Hayley wanted to run forward and help, but I told her it was best if we waited, in case you all got caught.”
“A few minutes after you disappeared inside,” Hayley says, “we were still arguing about whether to phone the police, when that BMW came back. The men got out of the car and started talking angrily.”
“That’s right, they did,” Pete says, just in case we doubt Hayley’s story. “They didn’t get back in time to see you going into the house, but they went to the back of the car, opened the boot, and got out some cans and what looked like flares.”
“Then they went into the house,” Hayley says.
Pete nods, “As soon as the men got into the house with all those cans, it was obvious they were going to set fire to the place. So I tried phoning you, Abi, but you didn’t answer.”
Hayley says, “So Pete says, ‘We must phone for the fire brigade. They’re about to torch the building with those nice people inside.’”
I’m touched by Pete’s description of us.
Abi shakes her head. “I’m sorry, Pete, but my phone was in my jacket pocket and I didn’t feel it vibrate. That’s not surprising. The vibrate is so feeble that you need a stethoscope to know it’s buzzing.”
“And I hadn’t brought one of Janika’s Detective Agency cards, so we didn’t know any other numbers.”
“Don’t beat yourself up about it, Pete,” I say. “My phone was on silent and in my jacket, too.”
Pete nods, looking relieved. “Anyway, while I was waiting to see if you’d answer, Abi, Hayley was phoning for the fire brigade.”
“And of course phoning for the police,” Hayley adds.
“You both did very well,” Abi says. “I think some sort of pay rise or reward is definitely in order.” She points to the smoke still pouring out through broken windows. “It’s not an exaggeration to say that if you both hadn’t acted so promptly, we’d be inside there now, dead. We phoned the emergency services, but there’s no way they could have got here quickly enough to save us.”
That is certainly a sobering observation.
“We did better than that,” Hayley says, looking proudly into Pete’s eyes which are lit by floodlights that the fire fighters have set up. “He wanted to slash the tyres to stop the men getting away, but we didn’t have a knife. Then Pete remembered a trick you told us about, Janika. The one the old lady used who was being conned into handing over money she thought her sister owed.”
I know exactly what she’s referring to. “So where did you get the potato?”
Hayley laughs. “A very resourceful young man is my Pete. He got several handfuls of thick mud from the ditch, and stuffed them up the exhaust pipe. There was no way they were going to get that engine started.”
Pete holds up two muddy hands as though to prove Hayley’s account. I’d not even thought about a car in the road, but I look now and I can see it by the flashing blue and red lights from the two fire engines and a police car.
“They ran off on foot,” Pete says, pre-empting my next question. “If the police had been here earlier they might have caught them, but even if they don’t catch them now, their fingerprints will be all over the inside of that Beemer. If only they’d thought to torch that too, but I guess they’re not very bright.”
I’m not sure about that. Courtney calls them amateurs, but as amateurs they seem remarkably adept at setting fire to buildings and forcing people to commit criminal acts through blackmail.
I’m guessing they decided to come back with petrol and flares, and set fire to the house because Karen was in there. They wanted to silence her. I don’t think they knew we were there as well, but they will certainly be charged with attempted murder as soon as they’re caught. They are young, probably without a leader. Completely crazy and irresponsible.
A rather unpleasant thought occurs to me. “Do you think the police have enough evidence to tie them in with the gang that organised the broken windows that got me the blame?” I ask.
Courtney shakes her head. “I don’t think you’ve got a hope there, Janika. I can’t think of any way the police will be able to connect the two.”
She sees my expression. “I’m quite sure we’re both in the clear.” Then she adds in a serious tone, “Well, I’m sure I am, but I wouldn’t like to say about you, Janika,” and she laughs.
Two police officers are having a word with the fire fighters. They’ll soon be over here to question us.
Toby is studying his phone. I go across, just to have a peep at the screen. Not that I’m suspicious, just nosy.
“Would you believe it,” he says. “I’ve just been checking. Unfortunately, it’s my company the property owners are insured with!”
“Cheer up,” I say. “You’ll be put in charge of the investigation. You should be glad that you’ll be busy sorting out the claim ‒ and no burnt bodies involved.”

Epilogue

Saturday afternoon
We were all extremely late to bed last night, and this morning was an extremely busy time, with interviews with the police, and Danny sorting out various issues, especially on my and Courtney’s behalf.
Abi took Hayley home late, having already phoned her parents with apologies for keeping her out rather longer than expected. I’m glad to learn that her parents would otherwise have been concerned, because she has to get back on the dot of ten, at the latest. But Hayley has been presented to her parents as a hero who saved our lives – along with help from Pete, of course.
So we are here now at Abi and Danny’s house, relaxing around the kitchen table where we had a makeshift lunch. We’re so comfortable here that we’ve just carried on chatting into the afternoon. By we, I mean Toby and Courtney as well.
Courtney agrees that they may be far from rounding up everyone involved in the protection racket. In that case, she says, some trouble is likely to emerge in the future with the remaining members of the gang. The driver of the black Volvo, for one. He is still on the loose out there somewhere. Those young men seem desperate to be criminals, in whatever sphere of work they can find.
Courtney says, “I heard this morning that the man who accompanied Karen to the meal has been apprehended, but he says he’s too frightened to give any evidence until all the gang have been arrested. He says his wife and small baby are in danger if he says anything. If he’s telling the truth, I suppose I ought to have some sympathy with him, having just seen how violent and crazy those young thugs can be.”
“You sound as though you don’t believe him, Courtney,” I say in surprise.
Courtney shakes her head. “Saying they’ve threatened his wife and baby is the obvious excuse, but in reality I expect he’s being blackmailed himself. The gang could have something on him, as they did on Karen. Something he wants kept quiet. As soon as I’m back at my desk, I’m going to arrange for the team to have a good look at his computer.”
I’m still in limbo. Danny has been in touch with Craidlea police, and he assures me that Sergeant Stanley Masters is taking the report of the young man wearing the blue jacket very seriously. He’s not been identified yet, but they are definitely on the case. Apparently, the sergeant has already made some headway in tracking down the shop that sold the jacket, and he says thanks for discovering where the wig came from.
The owner of the shop that sold the wig says she would be able to recognise the young man in an identity parade. I hope she can, but of course the police haven’t found him yet to put him in one.
However, reading between the lines of what Danny has told me, it seems that until someone has been apprehended and pleads guilty, Sergeant Stanley Masters still has his eye on me. Great! But after being leaned on by Danny, he says that currently there is no charge against me, as the investigation is ongoing. I’m glad to say he didn’t tell me not to leave town!
Detective Chief Inspector Wills actually phoned Detective Sergeant Courtney Jacobs this morning to say that he has no doubt that she will be exonerated and reinstated.
So Courtney’s meeting on Monday will be very different from the one she was expecting. Danny and the union rep will still be there, apparently to make sure that there is no lingering suspicion of any sort hanging over Courtney’s career in Brevelstone CID. As far as I’m concerned, she ought to be presented with a medal.
Toby has fixed it up for me to go with him to look at the burnt out general store in Brevelstone on Monday. So unless the shop owner did it deliberately, the insurance company will have to pay out.
Toby thinks that if I’m there with him, chatting to the owner and his wife, I might pick up some interesting little detail that everyone has missed, concerning the fire. That’s fine by me ‒ being paid by the hour to be with Toby!
Piers Pillinger phoned about 10 o’clock. He wants to meet me next week to discuss an urgent job in the fine art world. It’s not London this time.
I told him to find somewhere else to meet than Parke’s. I don’t want to be getting suspicious looks all the time from the staff. He says to come to his home on Monday evening. I guess I can trust him. He added that his wife will be there. Not sure why he felt he needed to say that.
So it looks as though my reputation hasn’t been irreparably damaged. There’s work for Toby, for Piers Pillinger, and a hunt for aliens on Tuesday night. I just hope I don’t get abducted ‒ by the aliens, that is. Being abducted by Toby does have a certain appeal!
Abi brings out a plate with four of yesterday’s pastries on it. One of them is an apple Danish, but I wait my turn patiently as she passes the plate first to Danny who takes one, then she takes one, and then it’s Courtney’s turn. The apple Danish is still on the plate. I’m just about to reach for it when Toby takes it. The plate is empty. I can’t believe it.
But Toby laughs and hands it to me. We have a bit of a friendly argument, and agree to cut it in half. Abi apologises, saying she miscounted, and there are no more left.
Looking at their faces now, I realise this was a put-up job, just to tease me, because they know how much I love the apple Danish. Toby gives me a hug, and pops it onto my plate.
I reach for my knife and cut it in two, handing half of it back to him. I know that if I eat any more of these amazing pastries I’ll need to spend several hours on my treadmill tonight.
“You okay for church tomorrow?” Toby asks me.
It’s completely slipped my mind that tomorrow is Sunday. “I guess so. It’s going to be a bit embarrassing arriving in my old bashed Micra, but I don’t have to park right outside the church. I’m not in the mood for questions at the moment.”
“I’d like to keep you company,” Courtney says. “It made me think, what happened earlier in that house fire. I’ll go with you, Janika, seeing as you’re brave enough to go. The problem is, people may recognise me as the disgraced detective sergeant from Brevelstone CID, and start pointing and staring.”
It was Sam who sometimes used to take me to church back in Brevelstone, and I have to say that sometimes I didn’t find it too boring. I’m starting to enjoy going with Toby. It’s what some people call a lively church, but it’s not only the band and the modern worship songs that attract me. There’s something....
“Courtney,” I say, “I don’t think they will. It’s not that sort of church. But if someone wants to judge us, that’s their problem. After all, God knows we’re both innocent.”
Courtney almost breaks into a smile. “Okay, Janika, I’ll risk it. But I’ll sit right at the back where God can’t see me.”
I actually think she’s serious!
Abi reaches across the table and puts her hands on top of Courtney’s. “That’s what I thought the first time I went there. Let me warn you, Courtney, you could be in for a bit of a surprise. A pleasant surprise, that is.”
I’m starting to understand what Abi is talking about. It’s about God who brings peace, no matter what’s happening. Sam would know what she means. I couldn’t understand it then, and I don’t really understand it now, but Sam knew he was absolutely safe for eternity. I reach across and put my hands on top of Abi’s, the three of us becoming one for a moment.
I know Abi doesn’t mean the pleasant surprise will be finding a replacement for Ollie, although I suppose that could happen. But if it does, I’ll definitely make sure it isn’t my lovely Toby.

THE END


Return to Table of Contents


The Abi Button Book Series

Tall Men and Strangers is the first Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abigail (Abi) Button is thirty-one, and in spite of kissing a few frogs she has yet to find her prince. On the lookout for a tall, dark stranger (but not too strange) she realises he has been living locally all the time. It’s just that she has not really noticed Jack Thornley until she meets him in her road late one evening, standing by an emergency ambulance.
Abi’s elderly neighbour is Ivy Smith, and she’s ninety-one. She gives Abi a small silver key, telling her to keep it secret from her nephew Jack who is helping to care for her. What the key opens, Abi has no idea.
Ivy worries that she hears someone moving around her house at night, when she should be alone. Abi tries to reassure her by saying it’s only the old house settling at night, or noisy neighbours, but Ivy Smith is unconvinced. Soon Abi is unconvinced, too.
As Abi’s friendship with Jack develops, he invites her to his local church where she meets Danny Wells. Much to her embarrassment she remembers kissing Danny at school. Old memories start to surface, threatening to put the relationship with Jack in jeopardy.
A cozy mystery romance taking place in a small English town, told by Abi Button.

Poetry and Mayhem is the second Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi Button gets involved with the lazy nephews and nieces of their elderly uncle who lived in the creepy house at the far end of her road. Isaac Whittard Magritte Newton, to give him his full name, has set a cryptic clue in his will for the siblings to solve. The will says the first nephew or niece who can solve the clue is going to be extremely wealthy, but the puzzle seems unbreakable. The old man once set crossword puzzles for two of the national newspapers, and other puzzles for various magazines. Abi, with her modest skills in cryptic crosswords, has to admit defeat.
Also on Abi’s mind, perhaps as a matter of greater importance than solving the clue that will help four squabbling siblings, is her developing friendship with junior solicitor Danny Wells. She wonders if she has at last found the right man. Melanie Upton ‒ Abi’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ assures Abi that this one is definitely a keeper. But as Abi points out, Melanie says the same thing about every man Abi gets to know.

Cake and Calamity, the third Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
“Organising a wedding is a piece of cake,” to quote Abigail (Abi) Button. She could be right, because a local wedding shop provides the whole service: bridal gowns, venue, cake, food, cars ... everything that makes the perfect wedding. Apart from husbands!
Meanwhile, Melanie Upton ‒ Abi Button’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ confides in Abi that romance is in the air with an Italian property investor called Romero Rocco. Can it be true?
Abi’s new friend and neighbour is also getting married. She now owns the house Abi calls Creepy Mansion. She says getting a builder to restore the old house should also be a simple matter. So with a joint wedding planned for Abi and her new friend, Abi asks, “What can possibly go wrong?”
A cozy mystery romance taking place in the small English town of Craidlea, told by Abi Button.

Ghouls and Jewels, the fourth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi returns from her honeymoon to find a threatening letter on the doormat. Her new friend Alice says her sister and brothers are claiming she’s secretly in possession of a priceless Russian tiara and associated jewels, and they insist on having their share ‒ and they are already arranging to take her to court.
This is news to Alice, so Abi and Alice, with their new husbands set out to search the creepy old house that Alice has recently purchased.
A neighbour says she has heard wailing coming from the house, and Abi’s childhood fear that the house is haunted seems to be confirmed when she sees a woman’s face staring out between the bars of a basement window at night.
The search for the Russian treasure leads to an unpleasant encounter with a dominating father and aunt. More problems for Abi to solve, in between running Button Up coffee shop with her co-owner Melanie Upton, who has romantic news to share. This time it sounds as though it could be promising ‒ with just one small drawback.

Doughnuts and Disaster, the fifth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
It’s late February and the area is experiencing an unexpected cold snap with snow. Liam, Steve Donovan’s eight-year-old son, is staying with Abi while Steve and Melanie are on their honeymoon.
Abi is concerned when single mum Bethany reports a man wearing a long raincoat, hanging around the local play area taking photographs. Bethany is afraid that her father and disagreeable Aunt Erica have sent him to spy on her, with a view to snatching baby Freddie. Abi thinks there are two men watching. Why two?
Young Liam is clearly upset by all the changes in his life, and Abi tries to win his confidence with jam donuts. Abi warns Liam and his friends to keep away from the deep pond in the woods, because the ice is too thin to walk on. But Liam is on the hunt for Bigfoot, convinced he lives somewhere amongst the trees.
Bethany’s friendship with Harry the builder seems to be turning into a romance, maybe even a wedding ‒ if Bethany’s father and Aunt Erica can be kept away. Pete and Hayley also wonder if this is a good opportunity to discuss marriage!
A cozy mystery romance taking place in the small English town of Craidlea, told by Abi Button.

Apple Pie and Follies, the sixth and final Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance. 
Alice and Rupert Forrester have just moved into the house Abi used to call Creepy Castle. The basement apartment will soon be ready for newlywed Bethany and Harry with baby Freddie. Alice finds an old map of the area in the college library, which leads to some exciting discoveries.
Some items donated to the local cat charity cause serious problems for Abi and Danny, with Danny locked in a police cell and suspended from work at lawyers Branks, Davis & Waters, and Abi taken in for questioning. Meanwhile, life at Button Up coffee shop proceeds in the usual way ‒ a way that is often far from normal.

Button Up Detective Agency
The Button Up spin-off Series

Clocks Locks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #1
When Janika Jones’ husband is found dead, his death is initially assumed to be suicide. Sam Jones was a detective with the local CID, and Janika is determined to prove he was murdered. Realising she has detective skills of her own, she trains to be a private investigator, and sets up an office above the Button Up coffee shop owned by Abi Wells, a girl she knew at school as Abi Button.
Calling her business the Button Up Detective Agency, Janika sets out to find her own cases to investigate, having been warned by the police not to investigate her husband’s murder. But that’s something she can’t resist when the opportunity arises. When things turn nasty, who can she trust?
Told by Janika Jones, this is a slightly darker cozy mystery spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Hugs Bugs and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #2
As Janika Jones settles into her new career as a private investigator – fully trained, of course – she is asked to take the part of a New York art collector’s assistant to investigate a picture in a London art gallery, where she has to obtain vital photographic evidence without being caught. The theft of a collection of wartime medals leads to a gruesome discovery. And being accused of poisoning an unwelcome visitor is just another event in Janika’s hectic life at the Button Up Detective Agency.

Shoes Clues and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #3
When Janika Jones started the Button Up Detective Agency, she was reluctant to get involved in matrimonial problems. However, a desperate call from a woman whose life could be in danger convinces Janika that she needs to take action, urgently.
Meanwhile, Piers Pillinger wants Janika to carry out another job involving Humphrey Broxburn, the owner of a West End art gallery. Piers assures Janika that she is in no danger and she can trust Humphrey absolutely, but when she is bundled into a blacked out vehicle in the centre of London, she wonders who has been deceiving who.
A major theft from the Mill Lane Garage where Rupert Forrester works makes suspicion fall on Rupert who was last to leave and should have locked up and set the alarm. But did he forget? Janika gets assistance from Toby Walton as she tries to track down the thief and put Rupert in the clear. As Janika says about Toby, “He’s not really my boyfriend.” But Abi and Alice have other ideas.
Told by Janika Jones, this is the third slightly darker spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Kicks Tricks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #4
Janika Jones’ early morning jog round the park, and her interview on local TV, lead to unexpected danger. Meanwhile, her relationship with Toby Walton proceeds well, until he shares more of his past life. Janika is concerned there may be a side to Toby that she hadn’t suspected, and she starts to feel uneasy. An elderly lady is being targeted by a conman, and Janika perhaps unwisely tells the lady to hand over the money as evidence of a crime. Young Liam Donovan goes with Janika on a stakeout as mother and son, with Janika wearing a ginger wig to avoid suspicion. She assures Melanie the boy will be completely safe. But at the crucial moment, Liam decides he’s going to be a hero. And of course the celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika and Courtney Jacobs doesn’t go at all as planned. This is the fourth Button Up Detective Agency book featuring Janika Jones, and some characters from the Abi Button Cozy Mystery series of six books.

Cards Shards and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #5
This book.

Phones Bones and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #6
Coming spring 2022
When Daisy Evans, a.k.a. Amabelia (Bella) Flores gets the result of a DNA test she has done in an attempt to discover her unknown father, things don’t work out well, and she risks losing her new florist business. Bella asks Janika Jones to investigate, and the result is something neither of them expected.
Janika is also investigating aliens who are apparently landing at night in the field behind Nigel Frampton’s house. Unsurprisingly, the police show no interest at all, so Nigel hires Janika to set up a surveillance camera. Janika has to hope no one finds out what she’s doing, or she will become a laughing stock. However, it turns out that the job is far from laughable, and there’s serious danger involved.
Piers Pillinger wants to make use of Janika’s photographic skills again, and assures her this is a perfectly straightforward job at his own home. Nothing can possibly go wrong ‒ and Janika believes him!
Toby Walton? Well....

<><><><>

White Tree Publishing publishes mainstream evangelical Christian literature in paperback and eBook formats, for people of all ages. We aim to make our eBooks available free for all eBook devices, but some distributors will only list our books free at their discretion, and may make a small charge for some titles ‒ but they are still great value!
We rely on our readers to tell their families, friends and churches about our books. Social media is a great way of doing this. Take a look at our range of fiction and non-fiction books and pass the word on. You can even contact your Christian TV or radio station to let them know about these books. Also, please write a positive review if you are able.
Check out our website to find over 200 fiction and non-fiction books, including a range of books for younger readers. The majority of our fiction books are Victorian romances carefully and lovingly edited and abridged for readers today.

https://whitetreepublishing.com


Return to Table of Contents

