Dead Even
Whitewitch Island Paranormal Cozies: One

Patti Larsen
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2021 by Patti Larsen

Find out more about me at
http://www.pattilarsen.com
***
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the vendor and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
***

I’m running, staggering, stumbling through the darkness, knowing he’s ahead. Alone. Doing the one thing I begged him not to.
It’s going to get him killed.
Panting breaths expel mist, the chill air of the silent forest engulfing, swallowing me whole, while the black beast ghosts past me, two more soaring by on wings. A shadow and his pale companion, gone into the night.
I’m too late, I’m sure of it, and yet I cannot slow my steps, will never retreat. Never abandon him though he’s left me behind.
He’s about to give his life to protect me. Why won’t he let me do the same for him?
The unexpected rush of power hits me, a blast of hot magic exploding outward with such force it strikes me like a blow, silent and invisible, bowing trees towering overhead with the same might as it impacts me. I’m unprepared, terror in control, leaving me open to the impact, throwing me back. The unyielding trunk of the tree stops my flight with a crunch of bone and bark. It takes my desperate breath, fading consciousness prickling with frenzied dread and the searing agony of burning power, as I claw toward the surface but fail, the dark taking me to silence on the other side.
All I hear is the rush of wings, the dog barking, barking.
And the sound of him screaming my name—

***

Chapter One

Who knew I owned so much stuff? Or that it would take up all this space in so many boxes I could barely navigate the rather substantial living room. Gathering things appeared to be one of my vices, though I hadn’t noticed when I’d packed up my old place on the East coast for this journey to the West and a new beginning.
Especially since I’d done so in a hurry with more than a little magic aiding in the actual stuffing of my plethora of belongings into their temporary containment.
I’d told myself I wasn’t running away, almost believed it. Except, as I stood on the threshold of what was meant to be an open space with a spectacular expanse of the clifftop Pacific Ocean view (all there was to see from that vantage), said panorama had been so crammed with cardboard and plastic-wrapped furniture and the detritus of my last life I could barely glimpse the water. Surely such blockage wasn't an omen. More likely, I had to admit my rapid retreat from who I used to be really had been a bit of a scramble out of the way of everything I knew and my concerns about foretelling were just another excuse to avoid the truth.
I ran. So be it.
“I’m going to unpack the old-fashioned way.” I glanced down at the giant, black mastiff, his huge, flat head higher than my waist, those dark eyes looking up at me with quiet confidence. “Take my time. Enjoy the experience.”
“Whatever you want, Mother,” Benjamin said in his deep baritone. “Will it be fun?”
I still thanked the stars and elements they’d rejected him from Black Hound Guard candidacy two years ago. That gave me the opportunity to swoop in and adopt him the moment he’d lost his standing. Benny had the heart of a sweet little boy, not exactly the kind of personality they were looking for in Guild Hades and the very reason he’d been booted from training in the first place.
My gain and joy. I grinned down at him, ruffling his fur, happy they didn’t get the chance to dock his ears or tail as was the order’s typical initiation for successful candidates. Made him look goofy rather than threatening, though his larger-than-average size didn’t help in the trust me, I’m a good boy department.
“We’ll make it fun,” I said. “Pick a box, Benny. Let’s see what we packed.”
His ears perked, tail wagging aggressively while he sniffed around the stacked boxes, but he didn’t get to choose. His giant head instead swiveled suddenly, soft woof escaping just as someone knocked on the door.
I guess unpacking was going to have to wait.
As I wound my way past the few boxes I’d discarded on the white and gray tiled floor, heading for my visitor and the kitchen door, Benjamin hung back a little, sitting within a few feet but keeping his distance. It always saddened me when he thought he needed to hold back, though it was in his nature to care that strangers—non-threatening ones, that was—weren’t instantly taken aback by his size and presence.
Something I rarely considered, since I was so used to him by now. Did I mention he was a good and sweet boy?
The woman’s face on the other side of the glass seemed cheery enough, though I realized as I opened the way to her, that I’d forgotten to finish setting my property wards. Nothing overt, just a gentle repelling spell to keep my borders clear of unnecessary contact.
You’re already thinking ill of me, aren’t you? It wasn’t that I wanted to scare the normal neighbors off or anything, but I’d always had a penchant for introversion and this new start in human society without the surrounds of the paranormal powered meant special attention to my privacy so they didn’t see things that would send them running, screaming, and looking for torches and pitchforks.
Fitting in meant keeping them out, as weird as that sounded.
No luck with my present guest, however, the middle-aged blonde with her huge, green eyes and magnetic smile stepping across my threshold as soon as I gave her the opportunity, reaching out with her two hands, the casserole dish hovering hopefully between us.
“Hello there, neighbor!” At least she didn’t have that kind of piercing and irritating voice that could turn this conversation—and every one after—into torture until I was forced to take magical steps. “Welcome to Whitewitch Island.” She carried on rather quickly, turning to nod to the young woman I only just noticed at her side, equally cheery and with enough familial resemblance they had to be mother and daughter. “This is Holly,” she said, “and I’m Olive. We’re the Henry’s.” Again with the proffering of the dish. I reached for it with tentative hands, though the scent escaping it ensured the contents were surely delicious. At the very least, I could feed it to Benjamin ,and accepting a food offering seemed the normal neighborly thing to do.
Does this mean I have to cook for them now? I sent that frantic and yet amused question to my mastiff.
I think that would be lovely of you, he sent back. You’re so thoughtful, Mother.
That dog.
“Is that a mastiff?” Holly’s eyes lit up and, before I could answer, she rushed to Benjamin, offering her hand for him to sniff. He did so with the grace and elegance of his breed. That is, he slobbered on her, but she didn’t seem to mind, cooing to him and hugging him as he leaned into her and groaned his delight when she immediately rubbed his ears. Holly’s mother-matching green eyes met mine, wide and excited. “What’s his name?”
“Benjamin,” I said, unable to prevent my own smile at his happiness and her obvious love of animals. We’d get along if that was the case.
“Holly, honey, don’t maul our new neighbor’s dog.” Olive eye-rolled at me, but her perky grin told me she didn’t mean the chastisement. “She wants to be a vet someday.”
“An excellent career choice,” I said. Stood in the following silence, smiling and yet feeling the awkwardness grow between us while Olive looked at me with some expectation.
Mother, Benjamin sent, I think they’d like to know who you are now that they’ve introduced themselves. Is that right?
Legion and league, I was an idiot. “Georgia Drake,” I blurted, setting Olive’s dish on the counter before shaking her hand. “So nice of you to welcome us like this.” Fitting in was going to be more of a problem than I thought if I couldn’t even manage basic social conduct.
But Olive didn’t seem to take offense, her smile stretching further while she pumped my arm up and down with both of hers clasping my hand between hers. “We’ve been wondering who was moving into the old Miller house,” she said, “haven’t we, Holly honey? She was hoping for a new friend her age.” Olive looked around, blinking and smile fading. “Are you on your own, Georgia? Husband or kids?”
“Mom,” Holly said, clearly appalled at her mother’s forwardness, but I shrugged, accustomed far more than they knew to such direct questions. Normal humans were so careful with one another while paranormals tended toward the excessively nosy. Hard not to be in a society where hiding your truths meant a lack of trust and magic made almost everything impossible to disguise anyway.
“It’s all right, really,” I said, leaning one hip against the counter and watching Holly continue to give Benjamin the kind of scratches that meant I’d have a giant pile of black hair to clean up when she was done. “Just me, and Benny here. And I have two other friends, though they have feathers.” The ravens had flown off the moment we’d arrived, hardly surprising they wanted to check out their new territory.
Again, Holly looked up at me with those huge, happy eyes of hers. “Is the white raven yours?” I nodded while she shivered. “She’s so pretty.”
“Conscio and Caprice kind of own me,” I laughed. “They should be home later and I’m sure they’d love to meet you.” The mated pair, one black, one white, were my only real concern moving to a normal community. Though I’d spelled them both—and they possessed protective magic of their own—if someone decided they were good target practice I might have to take steps and that would mean dead bodies and leaving Whitewitch Island under a memory-erasing spell that would land me in prison.
“That would be amazing, wouldn’t it, Holly?” Olive clasped her hands together in front of her chest, her light knit sweater rolled to her forearms exposing a tattoo that had me frowning a little. But a quick and hopefully unobtrusive scan told me she wasn’t one of us, not at all. In fact, she was so human it hurt. Why then did she bear the mark of Guild Hecate?
I kept the question to myself as Olive spoke again.
“Sweetie, we should let Georgia get back to her unpacking.” Holly gave Benjamin one more pat and a kiss on the forehead to which he swiped her aggressively with his giant, pink tongue before she reluctantly left him to rejoin her mother. “Maybe we can take you for dinner tonight?” Hadn’t she just brought me dinner? I almost protested but second-guessed and nodded back.
“Thank you,” I said.
“We can do a tour of Circe, of course.” Olive slipped her arm around her daughter’s shoulder, the matching set of green eyes and shoulder-length blonde hair over sweaters and tank tops and shorts and sneakers almost making me blink. “6PM? We’re just down the lane.” She pointed out my kitchen door to a blue cottage visible over the gentle crest of the hill. I’d noted it as my closest neighbor on the road that led into town. “Meet us at our place and we’ll walk into Circe together.”
“I’ll see you then.” I waved while they walked away, realizing while the visit was nice enough, I actually shut the door and backed off, feeling a little overwhelmed by all that normalcy.
“I like Holly, Mother,” Benjamin said. “She’s nice. And so is Olive.”
Of course, he liked them. He liked everyone. I needed to take a page from his adorable book of sweetness.
Look at me, all friendly and accepting casseroles and living with normals, and having dinner with the neighbors.
This had been the plan, after all, so I only had myself to blame.
Wouldn’t you know, Olive and Holly were only my first visitors?

***

Chapter Two

Well, not that the flapping coming from the open window in the living room heralded real visitors. The ravens lived here too, after all, their wings tucking smoothly as they dove in on a rush of warm air, Conscio landing elegantly on a tall stack of boxes, ducking his dark head though he was a distance yet from the cathedral ceiling, Caprice swooping lower to settle with a fluff of feathers on the upturned sofa’s plastic wrapping.
I smiled as they joined us, Benjamin trotting from the kitchen to wag his tail and pant his greeting at his winged siblings.
“How was flying?” He always sounded so wistful when he asked, his favorite question of the pair.
“Tolerable,” the white queen said in her lovely soprano, taking a moment to groom her right wing before fluttering it back into place the way she wanted it. “Water’s water, it seems.”
“I think we’ll like it here,” her partner said, croaking softly in between that statement and his next as though the raven in him took control a moment. “The island isn’t huge but it’s close to the mainland and there seems to be an abundance of fish.”
“Good hunting,” Caprice chuckled to her mate, shaking her head, silver eyes unblinking. She chattered her beak before fixing that intense and sometimes unnerving gaze on me, her head tilting to one side by almost half. “Lots of mice and rats, too.”
“Just stay away from people’s house pets,” I said, crossing my arms over my chest, grinning at the large birds who were so much more than they appeared. “We don’t want the neighbors coming after us because you two decide you have a taste for domesticity.” Literally. Though, neither had ever made such an attempt before. The fact most souls we knew weren’t just what normal humans would consider people exactly had a lot to do with that. But Caprice especially had a rather dark sense of humor despite her feather’s crisp white color.
“No thank you,” she insisted instantly, Conscio agreeing with a loud cooing. “Who knows where a sentient might be hiding?”
Fair enough. “Nothing else interesting?” Wait, was that my own pensiveness showing up? Had this impulsive choice to exit our old life been a terrible one after all?
“Not so far,” the gorgeous black raven said. “Humans are rather ordinary, George. Though they’re also particularly cruel, so I’m certain we’ll find something to keep us occupied.”
Not exactly what I meant, so I waved it off. “Benny and I are about to unpack,” I said. “Feel like giving us a—”
They both chuckled and fled, hopping toward the window, Conscio barely wing spread when he threw himself out the opening, Caprice taking a more delicate approach, sliding down the side of a box with her claws scraping loudly over the cardboard before she nose-dived and headed for the blue sky above.
Chattering their laughter at us as they went.
“You didn’t really think they’d stay to help, did you, Mother?” Benjamin sat on his haunches, grinning up at me while I winked back.
“Those two lazy bums?” I laughed myself and shook my head, my long, black hair falling forward over my shoulder, forcing me to growl at it before bunching the pin-straight mass back into the rough bun at the base of my neck, already contemplating using magic to empty the boxes after all. I was fine with playing normal, at least I thought so. That had been the whole point of this relocation. No more living in the magical world, no longer investigating crimes for Guild Artemis, out from under the weight of my family’s name and standing. Just me and the flying and drooling playing just folks with the human locals.
I sighed as I once again took in the daunting task ahead. “I didn’t exactly ask you three to join me,” I said, reaching down to scratch Benjamin’s ears. “Tell me this wasn’t a horrible idea.”
“You know the ravens wouldn’t have come if they didn’t want to, Mother,” he said, so cheerfully optimistic I bent and hugged him, kissing his face. “And home is where you are.” He couldn’t really shrug, but I got that impression, tears stinging the corners of my eyes and tightening my throat. I knelt next to him and gave him a real hug, leaning into his warmth and strength and soft fur. “Conscio was right. We’ll find something to do. Won’t we?”
I nodded, let him go, squished his face because I could never resist doing it. Stood and confronted the pile of boxes and what amounted to the sum total of my life with a grim smile.
“We could always just start from scratch,” I said. Lifted one hand, prepared to do away with my entire history in a single gesture.
As someone knocked on the door.
I really had to get those wards built. Except, as I sighed my way through opening the door for the second time, I suddenly appreciated the fact I hadn’t as of yet. Because tall, dirty-blond and deliciously handsome who smiled at me from the threshold was welcome to cross my borders anytime.
Oh, dear. I’d been single far too long, it seemed, and it was starting to show.
“Ms. Drake?” What a lovely voice he had, all deep and sultry, with just the hint of gravel, the voice of a man who worked for a living. As were those hands, one of which rose to shake mine in that peculiar normal way, the palms not quite rough but certainly not the softness of the magic users I was accustomed to. His blue plaid shirt had been rolled up to expose muscular, tanned forearms, white t-shirt beneath a contrast to his faintly weathered skin tone. Add that to the gray of his large, smiling eyes, his square jaw with the hint of a beard and even white teeth and I was likely grinning with the enthusiasm of a desperate teenager in the presence of her crush. “I’m Sam Spencer. We’ve been emailing?”
Ah. My handyman. How divine.
(Yes, yes, go ahead and giggle, I could wait. Done? All right then. After all, I knew all about it and your teasing laughter wasn’t helping. Here I thought Benny drooled…)
“Mr. Spencer,” I said without making a complete flirt of myself (no magic involved either, imagine that).
“Sam, please,” he said, finally releasing my hand. I instantly missed his touch because, yes, I was right, I had been on my own for far too long and perhaps not much longer…?
Georgia Drake. Carnal thoughts at a time like this. Really.
“I hope you had a safe trip?” He made no move to come inside, though I realized with a start I was standing in his way and, rather abruptly, (because it seemed awkward was something I could expect from myself now) stood aside and gestured for him to enter. He did immediately, gaze going to Benjamin, gray eyes suddenly wide as was typical of normal humans when they first spotted the mastiff. But, like Holly, he showed zero concern or fear, instead leaning forward and holding out one hand. “Hello there, big guy,” he said. “Nice to meet you, too.”
Benjamin stood, stepped forward, sniffed Sam’s hand. He smells like outside and wood and barbequed chicken, my mastiff sent before sitting again and panting a grin at the handyman. Can we keep him?
Oh, Benny. I snorted by accident at the comment then had to cover as Sam ruffled the dog’s ears while glancing up with a curious smile.
I couldn’t exactly tell him it was just something Benny said, could I? “Thanks for stopping by,” I said, only then catching motion on the doorstep, realizing Sam hadn’t come alone. The shorter, dark-haired man with him kept his head down, sullen expression closed as was everything about him. I didn’t mean to read his aura, but it was hard to miss the black miasma of old grief and anger that surrounded him in a faint cloud, radiating from him so powerfully I was surprised even normals didn’t pick up his discontent.
Or the distinct imprint of incarceration, and not for a short time period. Whoever he had harmed in the past to incur such a sentence, he held onto the despair of his term in confinement like he’d never let it go.
Sam straightened from patting Benny and turned, nodding to his companion. “This is Miles Williams,” he said, cheerfully enough it was obvious the two were as polar opposite as they came. “He’s been working with me the last few weeks.”
“Hello,” I waved to the silent Miles. “Georgia Drake.”
He just bobbed a nod, hands stuffed into the pockets of his work pants, while Sam went on.
“I’m in the middle of a job,” he said, regret rising in his tone. “But as soon as I’m finished, I’m all yours.”
I stared at him, knowing he didn’t mean it the way he said it, saw color rise in his cheeks, and smiled at the reaction as he realized what his offer sounded like. As his attempted splutter to rephrase amused me further, my smile grew along with my interest.
How adorable. And such a far cry from the arrogant, powerful and conceited men I was accustomed to.
“That’s totally fine, Sam,” I said. “As you can see, I have unpacking to do.” I waved past the kitchen into the living room. He cleared his throat, nodded, seemingly relieved I’d rescued him. “I don’t suppose unpacking a new arrival is a service you offer?”
Again with the blushing and the stammering while I fought off the giggles. At my age, really. I hadn’t giggled in years. But there was a charismatic and genuinely kind allure to the tall, muscular man who coughed softly, grinning back at me, I really wanted the chance to get to know better.
A great deal better.
“Thank you for letting me tease you,” I said, lowering my voice, one hand on his arm. “I appreciate you taking the time to see me in person, Sam. I know how busy you are. Please, let me know when you’re ready to get started and I’ll have a list assembled for you.” All things I could have done with magic that would raise so many eyebrows it was easier—and clearly more delicious—to have him do them for me.
That’s what normal people did, right?
I had so much to learn. Hopefully, Sam was a good teacher.
More giggling. Maybe this move was good for me after all.
“Sure thing,” Sam said, gaze going to Benjamin. He took one more opportunity to bend and ruffle the mastiff’s ears. “I bet we’re starting with a fence for you, big guy, right?”
Mother, do I need a fence? The dog looked up at me with surprise in his eyes. I don’t really want to be confined, is that okay?
Since he’d been caged as a puppy as part of his training—did I mention how much I hated Guild Hades Guard training?—my impulse leaned toward an emphatic no, never, which I sent to the mastiff immediately and with as much comforting love in my mental and physical touch as I could muster. I wasn’t sure if Sam noticed my emotional shift, the soft stroke I gave Benjamin’s ear, and it didn’t matter. Since I wasn’t sure how to answer his question without giving away the fact the idea horrified me, I let it go for now. I had research to do, clearly. While no sentient being would be fenced without good reason—criminal reason—did normal people corral their loved ones? How peculiar.
“Why don’t we see what I find, and we’ll go from there.” I’d have been more inclined to invite him to linger if he’d been alone, though I really had no idea if he was single—he felt single, not that it mattered—or interested—he felt interested, divinely so. Instead, I nodded again to Miles, one hand on the door. “I’ll let you get back to what it is you need to do while I do the same.” I tilted my head toward the stack of boxes. “And we’ll talk again soon.”
“Sounds good, Ms. Drake.” Sam shook my hand again and this time I let my touch linger.
“George,” I said. “Call me George.” Looked down at the panting mastiff. “And this is Benjamin.”
I like Sam a lot, Mother, the dog said. Of course, he did. Though as the door closed, the two men walking away, Benjamin paused. Growled softly under his breath. “But I’m not so sure about Miles.”
That made two of us.

***

Chapter Three

I didn’t even get to leave the kitchen this time, the sound of voices outside alerting me to a new visitor. I was already opening the door before the latest arrival could ring the bell, waving over his shoulder to the departing handymen, though it only took the dark-suited and broad-shouldered man on the other side a moment to lose the giant, commercial smile on his face when he turned to face me. His gaze dropped from mine to the huge dog at my side with a more typical response than that of my last few guests.
Nick Parks took a quick step back, gasping faintly, his fear palpable. I instantly soothed him with a whisper of power then withdrew it in an internal wince of regret. Sure, it was a minor act and wouldn’t get me in any kind of trouble as long as I covered my tracks. But using power on normal humans was one of a short list of things I really had to control if I wanted to live here.
And not be carried off some night by an inquisitor and hunter team sent to arrest me for illegal tampering.
“Mr. Parks,” I said with a smile, shaking his hand while he found his courage when Benjamin didn’t leap for his throat, though his smile didn’t have that beaming glow I’d noted on his real estate agent website. As for my dog, he sat and pretended to be smaller than he was, hunching, head down and tucking behind me, too late to back off and doing his best to be unthreatening.
Best boy ever.
“Ms. Drake.” Nick licked his lips, did his best to recover, shaking with what had to be additional vigor to cover his reaction because if this was how he normally carried out the traditional greeting between normals I feared for his frailer clients. “Welcome, so happy you made it safe, sorry I wasn’t here when you arrived, you found your keys?” I had to blink and sort through everything he’d said so rapid-fire I was the breathless one while nodding because it seemed the thing to do and satisfied him, apparently, because he carried on, a little more slowly this time. “My deepest apologies. I was with another client on the mainland.” He finally dropped my hand, taking another quick, nervous glance at Benjamin. “Nice dog.”
“He is,” I said, hoping my soothing pat for the mastiff reassured both him and the real estate agent who’d sold me my new home. “Benjamin wouldn’t hurt anyone, I assure you.”
“Good deterrent,” Nick said, going macho on me, how quaint. “Big dog, single woman, great choice.” If only he knew just how terrible a life choice it would be for anyone to try to break into my home or do me harm. Consequences that would have nothing to do with my dog, either. “I just wanted to pop by and make sure you have what you need.” He glanced at his watch.
I think that means he’s in a hurry, Mother, Benjamin sent. I don’t think he likes me. Does he want to go because of me?
No, Benny, I sent, fixed smile tight. He’s just busy. And a bit of a jerk, but that wasn’t a surprise since I’d gotten that impression from the moment I hired him. Not that I needed him to impress me. Hopefully, now that our transaction was complete, this would be our final interaction.
“I have everything I require,” I said. Waited for him to leave because we were done, weren’t we?
“Well,” Nick said after a long pause that actually hurt a little it was so uncomfortable—who was I becoming?—smile now fighting for that same confidence. “Nice doing business with you, Ms. Drake. If you need anything further.” Was there supposed to be more to that sentence? Some kind of offer, perhaps? Nick’s discomfort only seemed to grow, probably because Benjamin finally looked out from behind me, opening his mouth to pant.
Nick actually took a step back. I sniffed internally, not exactly labeling him a coward, but close enough. An estimation that only decreased as he tripped over something and let out a girlish squeal of shock, backpedaling while I stared and fought off a truly insulting laugh.
Looked down to find a small snake had slithered across the path and was now hurrying its wriggling way out of sight into the grass.
Nick didn’t even try to hide his fear this time, sweat breaking out on his face as he pulled free his pocket square and dabbed at his upper lip. “I hate snakes.”
Indeed. “Thank you for your assistance in the sale,” I said, now closing the door. “Have a nice day, Mr. Parks.” He stared, fish lipping and stammering a little as I firmly closed the entry on his ebbing panic. Hesitated while I thought about my chilly wrap-up. “Was that too cold, do you think? Or should I have offered some comfort to his worry, perhaps?”
Benjamin licked my hand. “I’m sure he’s a nice person, Mother,” the mastiff said, “but it’s a good thing he’s gone.”
I laughed. “Benny, my darling, I think you’re right.”
You better believe I took the next half hour to duck outside and circle the house, laying my wards and repelling spells, adding in a few tidbits of protection and the odd sniff at magical detection. The last I was fairly certain wouldn’t be necessary, but one never knew when paranormal persons of any race might decide to come knocking. Or try to knock, as it were. I’d been an inquisitor for many years, since I was eighteen, and had made enough enemies along the way I had no illusions about my safety if any number of them managed somehow to escape confinement. Not likely, but nothing was a surety these days.
Finally done, I returned inside, Benjamin padding next to me, facing off yet again with the giant wall of who I used to be waiting for my time and attention.
“It’s almost 5PM, Mother,” my mastiff said, saving me from myself. “You know how long it takes you to get ready.” Why, the cheeky devil. “You wouldn’t want to keep Olive and Holly waiting.”
Saved by dinner with neighbors? Perhaps this was a good thing after all.
I hated to leave him home, kissing his nose and digging out three of his favorite toys, leaving him on the giant dog bed I’d bought him, snuggling his big, pink elephant with a fresh bone to gnaw, content enough, I suppose, not to warrant the guilt I felt leaving him behind. It was weird to, though. Benjamin came with me everywhere in my previous life, as much my partner in the field as the ravens and—
No. I wouldn’t think of Elias tonight. My hunter partner was gone, and I’d shed enough tears at his passing already. He’d made his choice, and this was mine.
Enough.
I strode down the lane with my head high, shoulders back, my favorite pink silk shawl around my shoulders, kind of loving the flow of the long, flowered summer dress and freedom of platform sandals, a far cry from the typical black suit it felt like I’d lived in for two decades. I’d given up many opportunities to attend events with my family that would allow for more feminine dress in favor of the work, work I loved, work that consumed my life by choice.
Work I’d given up forever now. No regrets.
Not yet, at least.
They were waiting for me at the end of their walkway, Olive’s smile matching Holly’s, though the younger seemed disappointed I hadn’t brought my dog with me.
“It’s permitted?” Had I known that…
“We’re eating on the patio tonight,” Olive said, turning and leading the way down the lane, a lovely flower-edged two-way street that felt less as a typical road and more like a carefully crafted fantasy of how an English country drive should appear. “No one minds dogs here, not at all. In fact, the local coffee shop has an outdoor area specifically for pet owners.” That was lovely to hear. While they weren’t sentient, maybe Benjamin might have the chance to make a few friends. Not likely, since the conversation would be terribly one-sided (snort), but play was always possible and, who knew? Our kind were everywhere in ones and twos and even small families.
“I’ll bring him next time,” I said with a smile, walking next to Olive, Holly on her other side, the pair in their own summer attire, though Olive’s flowing blue skirt and star-printed halter top, sweater over one arm held no resemblance to Holly’s white shorts, sneakers and black t-shirt.
“If you ever need someone to walk him.” Holly cut off abruptly as her mother gave her a look, but I smiled encouragingly.
“Benny would love that,” I said, both mother and daughter smiling at that assurance.
Our little lane ended as we neared the intersection taking us downtown, a short five-minute walk to Circe’s main street of brick storefronts and lovely period buildings, some painted in bright colors and the space between filled with strung lights dangling between rooftops that reminded me of visiting with the Seelie court. Circe had clearly been built for pedestrians, wide sidewalks embedded with stone flowers and cheery signs over each storefront beautifully crafted.
“We thought a tour after dinner?” I nodded at Olive’s suggestion, crossing the street when they did so, joining them on the patio of a lively restaurant already filled with patrons. Fortunately, Olive had thought ahead, and our reserved table awaited us. I’d had a few opportunities to eat in normal human establishments, so the narrow variety presented didn’t surprise me. Not having to supply meals of sufficient variance to appease gnomes, gargoyles, witches, Fae and any number of paranormal folk certainly made things less interesting when it came to reading a menu, though how they managed in the kitchen without power was more magical to me than the real thing.
Perhaps that would be something for me to learn, a new skill to acquire, though I wasn’t even sure where to start to learn to cook.
As for the surroundings, I had to admit I was delighted by the lovely setup, the soft breeze from the ocean, more hanging lights adding a touch of mystery to the space. And, as I settled into my seat and perused the offerings, I realized I was rather looking forward to getting to know these two normals.
Imagine that. Now, as long as I didn’t get bored and go looking for some excitement I wasn’t prepared to handle…
Georgia Drake. You had to go and ask for it.

***

Chapter Four

See, I knew better than to trigger the Fates. They still had a grudge against me, though I’d apologized at least a dozen times for the misunderstanding the last time we met. Not to mention their particular sense of humor wasn’t exactly like everyone else’s.
And yet I had to give them an opening, didn’t I?
“Everything is delicious here,” Olive gushed. Then asked, “So, what do you do for a living, Georgia?” Because somehow the two were related in her mind, was that it? Or perhaps she simply blurted everything that she thought of, which was going to be an interesting experience.
“I’m an inquisitor,” I said, not even thinking. Stopped. “Was.”
They both stared at me blankly and I realized I’d stepped in it. What was the human term? “Investigator,” I corrected again. Thought about it another second and offered a third alternative. “Detective?”
Lights came on, dinging sounds not exactly audible but close enough as Holly jabbed her mother in the ribs with one elbow and grinned before winking at me.
“Don’t tell the sheriff.” She giggled, adorable round nose scrunching. Olive shushed her a little but smiled back as Holly went on to me leaning across the table to whisper in a voice that carried regardless of her attempt at clandestine communication. “Harriet Quinn will love you,” she said. “From the moment she took office she’s acted like she’s a real detective.”
Their sheriff wasn’t a trained investigator? “How odd,” I murmured out loud. I knew human society had its quirks, but who would hire someone who didn’t know the first thing about enforcement and inquiry to fill a position requiring those very talents?
“She’ll talk your ear off.” Holly sniggered again, her teenage reaction to the pending reveal of my former status clearly amusing her greatly, though I wasn’t so sure I shared her sentiment. What if the sheriff instead saw me as some kind of threat? The last thing I needed was local police holding a grudge.
“Now, Holly,” Olive said, smiling at someone as they walked by. I glanced up while she carried on, noting my real estate agent, Nick Parks, hurrying toward a table at the edge of the patio, the loudly rambunctious greeting he received from his companions making it hard to hear for a moment. Clearly, they were all old friends, handshakes and hugs all around, though one older man sat with them, a bit of an outsider visually. “Harry’s just enthusiastic about her job.” Olive glanced over her shoulder at the rowdy collective of men and women when she noticed me looking before wrinkling her nose with a little head toss at the noise that settled somewhat when Nick took his seat. “She takes her position very seriously.”
“Right,” Holly eye-rolled. “Chasing kids from the cliffs and picking up drunk tourists and interrupting ding-dong-dash is real crime-fighting.” Holly’s huge eyes met mine again. “I bet you’ve seen way worse stuff, haven’t you, Georgia?”
She would never know the truth of it because that would mean revealing I wasn’t the kind of detective she was used to seeing on TV or in the movies. In fact, my stories would terrify her and possibly drive her insane, so best to keep them to myself.
Instead of replying, I chose to change the subject before either of them could ask the obvious question of why I was no longer employed in my career of choice. “How about you, Olive?” I accepted the glass of red wine the young waitress set in front of me with a gracious smile before sampling the vintage and sighing a soft spell over it to improve the flavor somewhat as my neighbor answered with her own enthusiasm.
“I’m a psychic medium,” Olive said, and it took everything in my power—power I had, and she clearly didn’t—not to snort my drink out my nose. Instead, I managed to contain my mirth but couldn’t stop the eyebrow rise nor the widening of my gaze at her casual statement. “Yes,” she waved at me, shrugging, “I know. Especially since you were a police officer. I completely understand your skepticism. I’ve lived with doubt my whole life, Georgia, so you don’t have to try to hide it from me.”
I drew a slow breath before answering, allowing what she’d just said to settle in, erasing my initial reaction, Holly’s faint embarrassment visible in the tension in her face and body. Of anyone, I should have been the most understanding, considering my own abilities. It wasn’t that I didn’t believe. In fact, I had friends in Guild Hecate, foreseers, clairvoyants and those who could redact the mind into healing, necromancers galore in Guild Hades and even hunters in my own Guild Artemis gifted with farsight that allowed them to observe suspects from great distances. It wasn’t, then, the talent itself that had me amused, but the claim of it from this clearly normal and ordinary human.
During that breath, I scanned her more closely, more carefully. Perhaps she shielded, was one of us to a degree and I’d missed her spark. But no, there was nothing there, only an ordinary—if kindly and compassionate—human spirit winked back at me.
And yet, she carried her assurance of power so confidently but without ego, surrounding it in her particular genuine acceptance, I couldn’t bring myself to naysay or ridicule her, even in my mind.
“I believe,” I said then, “there are those in this world who see things differently than the rest of us.” Truth, even carefully constructed out of bits and pieces, felt like the best way to go. “And I believe there is more to life and death than tradition teaches.” My vagueness of term, though a workaround the facts I already knew, seemed sufficient to make Holly relax and Olive nod a single slow acknowledgment of my words. “It is arrogance alone that dictates reality can only be seen and felt.” That much I did believe with all my heart. “How long have you practiced?”
“All my life,” Olive said, slipping into her sweater as a breeze came up. “It was never something I pursued but when I reached my teens, around Holly’s age,” she reached out and stroked her daughter’s hair, “it became so powerful I couldn’t ignore it anymore. I tried.” She laughed at that, tucking her own long, blonde hair behind one ear, voice soft but firm. “I didn’t want to be different.” I could accept that, as well, my own disconnect from my family acutely poignant as she spoke again. “But after Holly was born, I realized this was a gift, not a curse. I was given it to help others. So, I’ve dedicated myself to the path chosen for me and I haven’t looked back.”
She might have been deluded, but she certainly seemed sane enough and courageous in her decision to choose a road less traveled for her kind.
A surge of laughter and loud cheering from Nick’s table caught all our attention, Holly sighing the heavy, angsty sigh of an irritated teen. “Someone should tell them they aren’t the only people having dinner.”
Olive squeezed her hand. “Now, sweetie, there’s nothing wrong with enjoying yourself. Besides, isn’t that Tommy Cooper on the right side?”
Holly leaned over her mother to look, then shrugged. “Yeah,” she said.
“Dr. Cooper is our local veterinarian,” Olive told me, beaming a smile at her daughter. “Holly’s been volunteering with him after school.”
“That’s an excellent idea,” I said, thinking of my own time lingering in the halls of Guild Artemis at her age, the pull to don the dark suit of an inquisitor, to partner with one of the rather feral but always interesting and alluring hunters a dream I’d carried since I’d first encountered a pair when I was young. I’d had to sneak my unofficial apprenticeship, welcomed by the normally reserved and secretive order’s members as though they recognized me as a kindred spirit. Which only triggered sadness as I thought about what I’d given up leaving my beloved guild. “The best way to integrate and explore your path is to experience it first-hand.”
Holly’s grin returned. “It’s so cool,” she said. “He lets me watch surgeries and everything.”
Her aura lit up, bright yellows and pinks and sparkling whites. “Sounds like you’re on the right track,” I said, whispering a little spell into her energy. Nothing anyone would find unless they dug deep. But the lovely girl before me deserved her journey to her dream to be easy and her lifelong passion rewarded.
Right?
Another round of laughter had me curious now. “Old friends?”
“High school friends,” Olive said. “This is a small island.” She shrugged. “They were all in my graduating class.” That didn’t sound like the most positive experience, her own aura shifting slightly out of joy and self-possession and into some old resentment. “The boys all played football together.” She nodded at the older gentlemen. “Tommy’s dad, Austin, was our sheriff for years, retired almost four years ago, and Harriet took over.” 
“Speak of the devil,” Holly whispered, pointing. I couldn’t help but swivel in my seat to look in the indicated direction, at this juncture as amused as I was intrigued by small-town gossip. Of course, we had our own brand of it in my guild, in my magical associations, but intrigue seemed all the more remarkable in this situation since no one could use magic to uncover the truth or read one another’s minds.
And I had to stop thinking about Whitewitch Island as them versus us because this was my home now.
The petite woman in a short-sleeved khaki shirt and black pants strode up the side stairs to the patio, waving to various patrons, heading our way. Though, when she nodded to the man whose job she’d taken it was obvious to me (and likely everyone else) that neither of them enjoyed even that distant of an interaction. The misogynistic disdain in the former sheriff’s sour expression came as no surprise, though the middle-aged woman who paused at a table not far away with her wide, open smile and shoulder-length brown hair in a neat ponytail seemed comfortable in her role. She’d tucked her black hat under one arm, white t-shirt showing under her uniform, shining black shoes and heavy gun belt at her waist (and don’t forget the polished silver and gold badge over her right pocket) completed the picture as the current sheriff said her farewells to the other table’s occupants before bee-lining her way to us.
“Olive, Holly,” she said with nods for both, smile flashing at me as she stuck out one hand and shook mine with vigor but lacking aggression. “Sheriff Harriet Quinn,” she said. “You’re our new resident, I take it?”
“Georgia Drake,” I said. “Would you like to join us, Sheriff Quinn?”
She instantly reached for the fourth chair next to me and pulled it back without any sort of grace, plopping herself into the seat and setting her hat aside, her every move rather abrupt for someone so small. “Don’t mind if I do, Ms. Drake.”
“Georgia, please,” I said. “Or George, if you prefer.”
Harriet snorted with the faintest bray in the back of her short laugh. “I got Harry far too often as a kid and teen,” she said, squinting her hazel eyes at me, not a trace of makeup on her skin, though she hardly needed mascara with those thick lashes of hers. The faintest traces of silver showed in her uncolored brown hair, wrinkles and freckles forming on her fair skin under her tan, though she had a rather timeless feel to her despite the fact I was certain she was close to my age of forty.
“Georgia’s a detective,” Holly said, then grinned at me, cheeks red though not from regret. So, she had bratty tendencies? Good to know.
Harriet’s eyes widened, her own grin spreading as she slapped one thigh with her open hand. “You don’t say.” At least that was what felt like shining admiration and not resistance, but I knew from experience sometimes the former was worse.
“Retired,” I said, firmly enough.
She nodded then, lips thinning out as she spoke. “I get it,” she said. “And I’m sure you’ve earned it, Georgia. But I’d be obliged if you’d be willing to let me buy you coffee sometime and talk shop.”
I was here to fit in, right? And be neighborly. “Of course, Harriet,” I said, wondering how much magic I could get away with to deflect her from actually following through on the request.
Not enough, George. Not nearly enough.
“Sheriff, need you at Keggers.” Her shoulder radio squawked before going silent, low enough it didn’t bother fellow diners but certainly of sufficient volume I heard the request. “Miles Williams.”
“Roger that.” She spoke into the rig before nodding to all of us, standing with her chair sliding noisily over the wooden floorboards.
“Is everything okay?” Olive clutched at her scarf again, anxiety visible without magic.
“If he’d just stayed away after he got out.” Harriet shook her head, a soft huff of regret escaping. “I’ll deal with it. You ladies enjoy your dinner.” I watched her go, frowning a little, remembering the man who’d come to my house earlier, how even Benjamin—who loved everyone—had been troubled by his presence.
“So sad,” Olive said.
“May I ask?” After all, if he was going to be working on my home, I’d like to know his circumstances, whether Sam Spencer trusted him or not.
Olive glanced at Holly who gave her a universally annoyed teenage girl look no matter what race you were from.
“Come on, Mom,” she said. “It’s not like I live in a bubble.” She crossed her arms over her chest, looked away. “Even if you want me to.”
Olive sighed. “Poor Miles,” she said. “It happened twenty years ago, such a tragedy.” She knew him, then? “We went to high school together, same class.” She nodded at the loud diners across the way. “But he had a troubled past.”
“He was a drug addict, Mom,” Holly snapped. “He got in a car accident with his girlfriend and her brother in the car and she died, and the brother is a veg—”
“Holly!” Olive’s sharp tone wasn’t so much angry as it was disappointed as her teenager sat back and pouted. Olive met my eyes, her own full of compassion. “They said he was high,” she shrugged. “That Riley and Brian weren’t wearing seatbelts.” She tsked softly. “Poor Riley was dead when they made it to the hospital, but Brian.” She hesitated. “Has been…  has struggled ever since.” She seemed uncomfortable with her daughter’s callous label. Hurried on as though unwilling to linger over the careless term. “As I said, very sad.”
“Miles went to prison for it,” I said. My inquisitor instincts remained sharp.
“Manslaughter,” Olive said. “He was released three weeks ago and came right home to Whitewitch Island.”
“Though there were those who would have preferred he hadn’t.” Not hard to deduce.
Olive didn’t comment, the young waitress arriving at last to take our food order, and I let the conversation turn to more pleasant topics, though I had to wonder, as I often had while in the midst of my chosen profession, what drove those who broke our laws to continue to make stupid choices even though they should have known better.
Then again, I’d made my own, so I was hardly one to hold myself up as magister, tribunal and extricator.

***

Chapter Five

I will admit I not only enjoyed the steak I ordered, the company only improved as the evening went on, Olive and Holly’s clear love for one another an adorable back and forth that had me a little wistful (despite knowing better) I’d never chosen to have a child of my own. Being an inquisitor with Guild Artemis didn’t exactly lend one toward the maternal, most of my counterparts and their hunters childless and single until retirement. And while there were magical means available to me if I chose to go that route at this point, I had to admit I wasn’t the mothering type.
Though, I was sure Benjamin would disagree.
Despite her protests, I insisted on paying for dinner, the diminished noise from the far table and truly lovely evening warmth and atmosphere settling around me in a delightful reassurance I had, in fact, made the right choice.
“You can get the next one,” I said, the implication we’d do this again making Olive nod and smile.
It seemed most of the restaurant stood to go at the same time we did, though the long table of old friends appeared content to linger as my companions led me on a cheery tour of Circe. It wasn’t lost on me the name of the island and the town on it leaned toward a suggestion of magical origins, though nothing I could sense or uncover led me to believe whoever named this place did so with power or my kind in mind. Whatever the reason—beyond the tourist brochure’s simple explanation that the founder of the island was a fan of the supernatural—at least the nomenclature made me feel at home and was part of the reason I chose this Pacific Ocean retreat.
Felt like Fate.
Speaking of which, you recall my earlier mention of my accidental run-in with said trio of universal warp and weft? How we hadn’t always seen eye-to-eye and that they had a definite grudge against me I had never convinced them to release?
Time to pay the piper, Georgia Drake. My accidental excitement statement was about to come to fruition in the most startling way.
Because as we turned to enter the crossroads to our lane for home, strolling and chatting in the quiet evening, the rumbling sound of an engine and bright lights flashing over us from behind had me suddenly looking up, thankfully. Just in time to step into the path of the car barreling toward us while Olive and Holly leaped back with dual gasps of shock and fear.
It only took a tiny gesture to divert the careening sedan out of our path and into the nearby ditch, passenger’s side leaning but accessible as the car screeched to a halt, still running but engine no longer revving past safe speeds. A woman emerged from the teetering passenger’s door, pale and clearly terrified.
“Please!” Her voice pierced the dark evening. “Someone, please help!”
Naturally, I hurried toward her, Olive trailing after me, though she gestured for Holly to stay back, the young woman self-possessed enough to dial 9-1-1 while her mother circled to the weeping, trembling woman who pointed with desperate need at the driver’s side.
“Kim,” Olive said, hugging her. “What happened?”
“It’s Nick!” And so it was. I peered in through the window, spotting my real estate agent behind the wheel, eyes staring straight ahead, mouth gaping open. I knew before I even opened the door I was too late to assist, though so intent was I on his state of expiration I missed, almost to my own harm, the thing that lay, coiled and furious, in his lap.
Jerked back and let it slither to the ground as I opened the door, though the snake didn’t go far as I whispered to it to sleep, to rest where it had settled beneath the driver’s side of the car.
Before leaning in to stare into the horrified and empty eyes of Nick Parks, his soul no longer with us, puncture wound on his neck proof his scaled visitor—and phobic source of terror, if I remembered correctly—made its mark.
Ah, Fates. I should have known escape from a life spent investigating death wouldn’t be so easy.
***
I stood to one side, wishing I could just exit politely and go home, lock my door and forget this ever happened. Not that I was inclined to run from death, by no means. I’d spent the bulk of my life investigating it, thank you, usually by horrific and violent means, magical and mundane. I’d chosen that life, made it my passion and my motivation. Until recently, volunteering to assist in said inquiry would have been the most natural thing to do under the circumstances since it was obvious from the flustered and anxious look on Sheriff Harriet Quinn’s face she was out of her depth.
Instead of eager anticipation of the inquisition, however, dread surfaced, settled around me in a swath of discomfort, the flickering memory I wished I could erase—and would never release—humming on repeat in the back of my mind.
—Running through the dark forest—
—Wings in the trees, beast in the black—
—The blow of exploding power—
—GEORGE!—
“Georgia?” I flinched, catching my breath, my pink scarf wrapped tightly around me like a shawl, blinking down at Harriet as she looked up with her brown eyes full of worry. How long had she stood there? How long had I been lost in the past this time?
Didn’t matter. I tried for a smile, managed a grimace.
She nodded as if understanding my reaction. “Terrible thing,” she said, quietly and meant for just me. Harriet swallowed heavily, glancing back at the car, the EMTs hesitant to touch the body, pointing and talking in low voices. Ah, the snake. It was clear they discussed best practice on the serpent coiled beneath the driver’s side. There was no way I could reassure them it slept thanks to my spell, nor that they could handle it safely if they so chose. Instead, they hung back, debating among themselves the options of removing the body to the gurney they’d brought from the back of the ambulance.
“You found him like that?” I nodded to Harriet’s question, pulling myself together, falling into routine and trusting the process that served me for so many years as I told her what happened.
When I was done, cool and dispassionate delivery part of the job I’d left behind, Harriet seemed even more rattled.
“Thing is,” she said. Stopped, shrugged. “I’ve never dealt with a murder before.” She was assuming that Nick had died of foul play and the creature hadn’t simply made its way into his vehicle for warmth or a misguided sense of safety.
Hmmm. All right then, as I let that unwind in my mind even I had trouble believing it. And since I knew a simple detail he’d revealed to me earlier in the day, the likelihood of his death occurring thanks to a phobia seemed too far down the road to created coincidence I had to admit she was probably right.
“Nick was terrified of snakes,” the woman who’d been with him, perhaps his wife, wailed then. Hadn’t Olive called her Kim? “How did it get in our car?”
An excellent question, as was the breed of the thing. If indigenous to the island, there might be a simple explanation.
“The local vet,” I said. “Surely, he will be able to identify the culprit’s breed?”
Harriet snapped her fingers, nodding. “Of course,” she said. “Tommy even has a small serpentarium. I’ll call him.” She hesitated another moment. “They were friends.” Yes, that was right. The vet and his father attended dinner with Nick just a short time ago. “Listen, I know you’re retired and everything.” Harriet stopped, licked her lips, looking up at me with something akin to a plea. “I really don’t want to mess this up.”
I could have suggested she call the state police who, I believed, were her next in line for investigation if I recalled correctly. And while that dread still lay like a pall in the back of my mind, I nodded immediately, the pull of my old life still strong enough to lure me in despite my decision otherwise.
“Just tell me what you need, Harriet,” I said. “I’m happy to assist.”
The flash of a smile held the depth of relief that warmed me with the heat of it, even if her aura didn’t just flare in brilliance for a moment. “Mind taking a closer look while I talk to Kim?”
I joined her, keeping back and to her right, showing deference as I was trained. Harriet might not have been experienced in this type of investigation, but I certainly wasn’t about to embarrass or shame her by showing her up in front of those who put their faith in her. To the contrary, if my retirement was going to stick, any involvement I had would remain minimal and between us.
Another car pulled up, this one a large, black SUV, the headlights bright enough I squinted as I glanced toward the newcomer. But my irritation at the interruption disappeared as a portly, older woman grunted her way out of the front seat and strode toward us, a large silver case in one hand.
She stopped in her tracks as she met my eyes, her own pale ones widening, a grin splitting her round face. She didn’t speak to me, however, dropping the case on the ground and crouching to open it, pulling out a white coverall which she quickly dawned as Harriet swerved in her trajectory to join the newcomer.
A necromancer. On Whitewitch Island.
So, I wasn’t alone after all.
“Mavis.” Harriet shook the woman’s hand, gesturing for me to join them. I did, unable to stop the secret little smile that crossed my face as I, too, offered the traditional normal greeting. “This is Dr. Mavis Fernsby,” the sheriff said while our skin made contact and our power sampled one another briefly. “Mavis, this is Detective Georgia Drake. Um, retired.” Harriet flashed me that grin. “She’s agreed to help out.”
“I’m sure she has,” Mavis muttered, zipping up her coverall, the elastic hood sliding up over her tightly curled silver hair, framing her face in a rather ridiculous cartoonish fashion. “Detective?”
I shrugged. “I’m no longer guild.”
She nodded at that. “Me either,” she said. “ME now, nice to meet you.” She slid on a pair of blue booties over her shoes. “What have we got then, sheriff?”
Harriet half turned, gesturing at the car as she filled the medical examiner in on what she knew while my mind whirled with questions. A Guild Hades necromancer serving as a doctor on a human island in northern California? No different than a retired well before her time inquisitor hiding out on the same island, right?
Why then did I feel relief that I wasn’t alone here after all?
“Snake bite.” Mavis scowled, rather adorable, wrinkles making her look like a dried apple tucked into a little white bag. “I don’t care how potent, venom takes time to kill. I need a closer look.”
“The snake’s still there,” Harriet cautioned, one hand stretching out protectively to keep Mavis from moving forward. “We’re waiting on Tommy Cooper to come get it.”
It was obvious to me Mavis knew exactly what I’d done because she glanced up at me before shrugging. “It won’t hurt me,” and pushed past Harriet’s attempt to protect her.
I followed, again keeping some distance, but found I now stood between the ME and the sheriff, an uncomfortable sandwich of power, and hoped no one noticed I’d usurped Harriet’s place with Mavis.
The EMTs seemed more than happy to step aside and give us room, the woman shaking her head so her blonde ponytail swung, her partner grimacing at me, rubbing his jaw with one hand, visibly unhappy with the task of removing the body with the reptile still present.
“Huh,” Mavis grunted as she bent at the waist and switched on a small flashlight she pulled from her pocket, peering at the creature coiled quietly under the driver’s door. “Not local.” She straightened a little, leaning in to look into Nick’s face, the illumination exploring him before settling on the spot where the snake attacked. “Bite’s too fresh to have killed him.” She stood then and spun on me. “Inquisitor?”
I didn’t bother correcting her terminology. “Not enough evidence to make a ruling,” I said. “Though I’m leaning toward malfeasance.”
Mavis scowled at the ground. “Agreed. Let us proceed.” She glanced around a moment, then back at me. “No hunter?”
I shook my head, lips suddenly tight, throat as well, jaw aching from clenching it.
“Ah,” she said then with the barest hint of sorrow. “My condolences.” And returned to her work.
I appreciated her brevity. It suited me very much and I had a feeling I was going to like Mavis Fernsby.
Already did.

***

Chapter Six

Tommy Cooper arrived shortly after Mavis used a stick to scoot the unconscious snake out of her way. He huffed toward us, a cage in one hand and a forked implement in the other, gaping as he stopped in the spotlight Harriet provided, face pale even in the glaring illumination as he looked up at her in shock.
“That’s Mophie,” he said. “My taipan.” The vet gulped audibly, shaking his head, handsome face flashing between disbelief and anxiety, sorrow and denial. “How did this happen?”
“Excellent question, Dr. Cooper,” I said before Harriet could speak, instinct kicking in and intruding on her investigation when I’d told myself I wouldn’t.
“This is Detective Georgia Drake, Tommy,” the sheriff hurriedly told him. “Bought the old Miller place up Aurae Lane.” She nodded toward my house at the crest of the hill. “I asked her to help out. With Nick’s death.”
He didn’t answer right away, one big hand running over his face, the cage in his free one now also balancing the implement, the metal handles rattling together as he started to shake. “How did this happen?”
His brain was on repeat, it seemed.
“You’re sure this is your snake, Dr. Cooper.” Georgia. Give Harriet a chance. But she didn’t seem offended I’d spoken up, so I waited for him to reply.
Tommy Cooper turned, looked down at where Mavis had deposited the sleeping reptile. He bent, prodding it gently with the forked tool, before clasping it gently around the neck and lowering it into the cage, shutting it firmly on the slumbering creature. “Did someone harm her?” He looked up, winced as though realizing his question came across rather callous considering he’d lost a friend to her bite. “I mean, why isn’t she responding?”
Whoops. I breathed a command under normal audibility, though I was certain Mavis heard me, the snake coming awake and striking with aggressive unhappiness at the side of the cage. Tommy jumped back, droplets of liquid spraying as venom flew from her fangs.
“You were saying, Dr. Cooper,” I said. I’d spent enough time with suspects and victim’s families, with the innocent and the guilty, I’d adopted a standard tone of voice for all of them. While those who weren’t involved in wrongdoing read my cool impassiveness and lack of emotion as soothing—as per the spell around it—the guilty? Felt the pressure of my tone like an accusation.
I couldn’t read Tommy Cooper, however, not used to normals, and as much as I would have loved to dive into his mind and wrest out the truth, that would end with me in prison and him in the same supposed state as Miles Williams left the poor boy from the accident that put him in prison twenty years ago.
“I can’t be totally sure until I get her home,” he said. “I have to check my serpentarium, but it looks like her.” He choked then, tears trickling down his face. “Who would have done this?” He swallowed audibly, Adam’s apple rising in an almost painful motion as the EMTs pulled Nick out of the driver’s seat in Mavis’ direction, laying him out so she could get a closer look. “Everyone knew Nick hated snakes. Is this some sick practical joke, Harry?”
Her frown tightened just a little at the shortened name she despised. “I’m looking into it,” she said. “What kind of snake is it, Tommy?”
“Inland taipan,” he said. “From Australia.”
“Deadly,” I said.
“One of the deadliest snakes in the world,” Tommy agreed. “But it takes thirty to forty-five minutes for the venom to kill, Harry. This is nuts. She couldn’t have just bitten him if that’s what he died from.”
“He didn’t,” Mavis said, joining us, shaking her head. “I have a feeling your friend died of fear the moment the snake bit him. He had a heart condition?” She showed Harriet a yellow pill bottle. “Found it in his jacket.”
“Yes, he had a heart attack last year.” Tommy wiped at his sweating upper lip with a shaking hand. “Can you actually die of fright?”
I didn’t contribute because, in my world? Fright was the kind of weapon we feared the most, no pun intended.
I would not think of Elias. I would not.
“If it was, as you say, a sick joke,” I said, “do you know anyone who would do such a thing to Mr. Parks?” And, possibly, his wife, though Kim huddled next to Olive and Holly, looking like she was ready to drop.
“According to the wife,” Mavis said in her deep, grumbling voice, gloves snapping as she pulled them from her pudgy fingers, “the snake climbed up from the floor and bit him. So someone stashed it on the mat and waited for him to disturb it, which would immediately happen as he started to drive.”
“Enough agitation to make her attack,” Tommy said. “She’d have tried to escape first, may have bitten him twice.”
“Both bites envenomated?” He nodded to Mavis’ question, looking suddenly sick. She sighed as she pushed the elastic hood back, silver curls bouncing free. “I’ll take another look when I get him to the morgue,” she said, “but two bites or not, I’m confident he died of a heart attack.” As was I. Mavis’ necromancy would have told her as much almost immediately after initial examination and had I let my own examine him, I was sure I’d have the same finding, so I trusted her implicitly. “I’ll let you know the full autopsy findings as soon as I’m done.” She spun and left, motioning to the EMTs to load the body into the ambulance while she retreated to her silver case, snapping it shut and carrying it to her SUV while I watched her go.
Thinking about murder. As more cars pulled up and I finally took the back step I’d intended to allow Harriet to do what Whitewitch Island hired her to.
They rushed for Tommy, the other three—two tall, broad shouldered, the third short and stocky—men, the bond between them unmistakable, pulsing like a thin stream of light between them though humans would never see it. I caught the edge of the thread, felt their connection, let it go as they hugged their former classmate in turn, taking Kim from Olive and encircling her in their protection though there was nothing they could do for her, not really.
I had to retreat from their grief, too, walling it off and any ability I might have had to read them further, the weight of their sorrow triggering my own. Too fresh yet for me to allow that loss I bore to come back to the surface without the proper shielding in place, too crushing to let it tear me apart again when I had only managed to put myself back together.
Not hard to know who they were, to recognize them as the three men who’d shared a table with Nick and Tommy, though their own partners were no longer with them. Enough questions flew in deep voices, enough anger and demands for something to be done, for answers to be found compounded the problem I backed away from I found I had abandoned Harriet altogether, standing on the periphery and hugging myself against the warm Californian night and the faint ocean breeze that ruffled my hair.
Mother. Benjamin’s voice snapped me loose from the descent into darkness and I grasped for him, as I often did these days, holding onto his mind with mine.
Benny. I tried to hide the hurt from him, but he ignored my attempt, his deep and caring soul engulfing me in that lovely heart of his.
I’m coming to get you.
No, I sent immediately, feeling him rise from his bed, begin to move to the door. It’s not safe. I’m coming home shortly. Thank you, Benny.
I’ll send the ravens. He sounded near to tears. Please, don’t leave me, Mother.
Poor Benjamin had been with me during the worst of it, though I barely remembered the blackest moments myself. I’m not going anywhere, I sent as firmly as possible. Five minutes.
I’ll be waiting. He hugged me with his unique mind, lingering in the back of mine, a lifeline. My lifeline.
What would I do without him?
“Detective.” While I might have wanted to remain outside the circle, Tommy Cooper turned to me, drew me back in. I joined them, feet carrying me with reluctance but firm strides and while I kept a few feet between us, I nodded for him to go on. “You asked if there was anyone who could have done something like this.” He had a suspect in mind, then? Tommy turned, the three men with him all grim, all angry, all focused on a single face I knew before he spun back and gave that face a name I’d heard several times tonight. “You and Sheriff Quinn need to talk to Miles Williams.”
“Miles?” Harriet spoke up, breaking Tommy’s focus, but one of his companions instantly responded.
“You know he has a grudge against Nick, Harry,” one of the men snapped, the tallest of the four, dark skin, dark eyes, silvering close-cropped hair, his still muscular body well cared for if the t-shirt, shorts and sneakers he wore meant he’d been preparing for a run when the call came about Nick. “They got into it again just yesterday.” The others muttered, but the sheriff wasn’t convinced, I could tell.
Was I? The tribunal was still out.
“Charlie,” Harriet said, voice as soothing as she could likely manage, “please don’t jump to conclusions. The last thing we want is a witch hunt.” I flinched at that term, most distasteful. She had no way of knowing her people and my people once battled for supremacy of this world and my people won, but only after many deaths and the suppression of their memories, the lies we told them. Witch hunt had become an anachronistic accusation leveled at the most inappropriate of times.
They had no idea what a true witch hunt looked like, and I prayed they never would.
As for the man she’d named Charlie, his visible rebellion was mirrored on the faces of the other men.
“Jackson is right,” the one next to him said. Shorter, stockier, out of shape compared to his friends but with the hint of the handsome young man he’d been remaining sufficiently I could picture him at eighteen and full of vigor. “Nick turned that punk freak down for an apartment and Miles lost his crap in public. Would have attacked Nicky if Luke hadn’t been there.” The man he gestured to nodded, tears tracking down his rugged cheeks. This one was still handsome, though the grief disguised it somewhat, made it hard to focus on him for too long, his dark blonde hair uncut, t-shirt looking like he’d slept in it a few nights.
“Took it personally,” Luke spoke up when prompted by an elbow from his shorter friend.
“Was it personal?” I hadn’t meant to ask that out loud, I swear it to you, but it flowed from me and the instinctual queries I’d been trained to trust. He met my gaze with his own sorrowful one, shrugged.
“Miles was always trouble,” the short one snapped. “He’s been back here three weeks, Harry, and he’s done nothing but create problems for everyone.” They’d packed up, a furious little mob of old hurts and mistrust. I felt their need to harm someone grow in a field of mutual connection, worried now for the man they accused because men like these wouldn’t hesitate to take matters into their own hands in quiet places where no one would hear Miles scream.
“No one knows that better than me, Jim,” Harriet said, both hands outspread in front of her. “But stirring up a little old dirt is a far cry from killing someone with a snake.”
They had nothing to say about that, but plenty to feel. I shuddered from their mutual animosity and cut it off completely. It actually cleared my head, let me think. And ask another question. “You said everyone knew Nick had a phobia of snakes?” They all nodded as one. “And did anyone else have access to the serpentarium, Dr. Cooper?”
Tommy thought about it, shook his head, but he was frowning. “I have a key,” he said, “and there’s a spare in the office. But that’s it.”
“So, the next step is for you,” I pointed at him before swiveling to the cage, “to take that,” jabbed an index finger at the snake now watching us with hooded eyes from her coil at the bottom of her container, “home and find out if she’s actually even yours.” He rubbed his cheek with one hand, the bristles loud against his palm in the silence that had fallen as I layered a whisper of pay attention to my words. “While that’s being confirmed—or not—the sheriff will check to see if your locks have been tampered with. Any speculation prior to a proper investigation only creates problems, gentlemen. You’re looking for who did this? Who killed your friend?” They all stared in sullen silence, but they were listening. “Let Sheriff Quinn do her job.” I nodded to Harriet who nodded back. Felt their resistance and sighed out a trust me for good measure.
Sure, there were laws against using magic on normal humans, but as long as I didn’t harm them directly? I could cast all the magic on myself I wanted.
Yes, true, it was a fine line I walked, I knew that. Even encouraging them to listen and trust, while indirect, still counted to the letter of the law. But I doubted very much that they’d notice, that anyone of my kind would care or that throwing in a bit of encouragement was going to damage them permanently.
Sometimes upholding the law meant bending some of the lesser rules to get the job done.
They were finally nodding, grumbling as they did, Harriet’s anxious expression shifting to gratitude as she turned toward me. I gestured to Olive and Holly, the pair circling the men to join me. “I’m going to be a bit,” I said. “You two should go home now.” I hadn’t meant it to sound like a command, though I realized with the layering in my voice, that’s exactly how it came out.
Neither seemed inclined to argue, however, Olive’s quick, impulsive hug surprising me so much I barely had time to hug her back before the two hurried off toward their cottage, leaving me with Harriet.
It’s been five minutes, Mother, Benjamin sent. He was pacing, I could tell, panting his anxiety.
I’m fine, Benny. I sent him a hug of my own, embracing him with power until I saw and felt him in the distance, sinking to his haunches at the door. I’m helping with a case.
That’s good, Mother, he sent, sounding a bit optimistic now. Can I help?
You may come in handy shortly, I sent. For now, give me a bit. I really am okay.
He paused. You feel okay. Sniffed in my mind. Please come home soon, Mother. Then let me go, though I could see him still, staring at the entry to the house, a statue of black muscle and fur, dark eyes locked as the hound of Hades gave me the space I needed.
I loved that dog.

***

Chapter Seven

I clued back in, knowing I’d missed conversation in my own private one, and hoped no one noticed my attention was elsewhere. Overhearing as I did, “Tommy, call your dad,” from the short instigator, Jim, and any inkling of leaving Harriet to deal with them alone vanished utterly.
She was going to need my help, I had a feeling, against the former sheriff and his pack of boys. This was actually the kind of fight I adored, the pending promise of confrontation just what I needed to banish the last of the dread and fully plant myself in the present.
“Let’s start with you, mister…?” I purposely picked out the team nuisance, making him squirm as I tilted my head and gave him my best inquisitor flat smile.
“Collins,” he finally said, lifting his chin and pushing his shoulders back. No matter the race, the male half of every species seemed incapable of allowing the female half any sort of dominance, and he was no exception. “Jim—James—Collins. Who did you say you were again?”
“Detective Drake is here at my request,” Harriet quickly spoke up while I allowed my smile to spread ever-so-slightly along with my silence, the man before me licking his lips while I did nothing but watch him for a long moment of growing unease—on his part, not mine, I’d done this far too many times before—until he couldn’t take it any longer.
“Where were you a detective?” He looked around at his buddies, none of whom seemed inclined to back him up, his visible nervousness attempting to hide behind a thin shield of bravado. The question was, did he have something to hide, or was he simply that driven by ego and fear of appearing foolish he was allowing it to rule him? My guess was the latter.
“East coast,” I said. “Tell me about your dinner tonight, Mr. Collins.”
He did, his attempt at confrontation getting him nowhere, sullen responses nonetheless fleshing out the picture his friends then filled in fully as I took turns with them, introduced to each in turn, Charlie Jackson and Luke Morrison rounding out the selection. I should perhaps have allowed this task to fall to Harriet, but she seemed perfectly content to have me carry on and I learned more from the flow and cadence of the evolving story their tellings wove together than I would have by standing aside and watching her.
By the time we were done, the picture was clear enough. They’d all met at the restaurant with their various partners, Tommy’s father, Austin Cooper, showing up uninvited but not unwelcome. Nick had been late thanks to a delay with a client, but I’d personally seen him arrive, noted they’d all been in good spirits. They’d parted ways shortly after 8:30PM and each drove home, Nick and Kim showing no signs of marital distress or any kind of sense they’d known about the threat in the car when they pulled away.
Less than two minutes later, they entered the intersection, crashed and Nick Parks was dead.
“Thank you, gentlemen,” I said, noting the tow truck hitching up to the victim’s car, the loud backup beeping making my ears ache. “Sheriff, did you have further questions?”
She shook her head after a seemingly dazed moment, flashing me a grin. “Nope, that sounds about as thorough as it needs to be.” She then spun on the men, nodding to them. “For now. If we have more we want to know, we’ll call on you. But you’re all free to go for now.”
“You’ll keep us posted?” That was from the quiet, sad one, Luke, who’d finally stopped crying, but seemed deeper in grief than the others. If only I could take a little peek—
“We will,” Harriet said, gesturing for them to move away, watching them go with her thumbs hooked in her gun belt. The moment they were out of earshot, stopping near their respective cars to talk privately themselves, Harriet spun on me, her back to the witnesses, face alight and a huge smile on her face.
“That was.” She gulped, paused. “I’ve never.” Stopped again, wiped at her mouth with one hand, vibrating. “I learned so much in the last ten minutes.”
I couldn’t help the laugh that escaped me at her enthusiasm. “I’m sorry I interfered. I’m happy to help, Harriet, but this is your investigation.”
She waved that off with a rueful shrug. “We both know who the pro is here,” she said, completely authentic about it, too, not a hint of resentment to be sensed. “I love this job, Georgia, but I do my best with what I’ve got. You’re a real detective, not me.” She whistled low. “Thanks for taking that on, I appreciate it. I doubt they would have been so easy on me.”
“Sometimes it’s better being an outsider,” I said. “No history and no old expectations. And other times, knowing them well is the advantage. So tell me, Sheriff Quinn, do any of the men we just spoke to have reason to kill their friend?”
She gaped at me then stopped. Frowned, looking down at the ground, before shaking her head. “I can’t think of one reason,” she said. “Honestly, they’re all thieves thick and have been for years.”
Not that such an association precluded the possibility a past slight or buried happening didn’t trigger murder tonight. But I’d take her word for it.
“I guess our next move is to talk to Miles Williams?” She waited for me to nod before her smile returned. “You’ll come with me? I don’t want to mess this up.” She gestured behind her at her waiting cruiser. “Won’t take long?”
I suppressed a sigh, joining her as the tow truck pulled away, the victim’s friends now long gone and nothing remaining of the accident as physical proof but a deep score in the grass on the side of the road. I paused one last moment, let my power slide over the accident site.
Felt the sting of a bite, the terror—
Caught my breath.
Mother? Oh dear, I hadn’t meant to trigger Benjamin. What happened? Did someone hurt you? I caught the faint growl in his voice, saw him leap to his feet, fur bristling, felt him gather his own magic to defend me.
No, sweet boy, I sent back. Everything is all right.
I don’t like this, Mother, he panted to me. You shouldn’t be investigating alone.
He was right, though I did have the sheriff. Which led to a thought as I climbed into the front seat of Harriet’s police car. “Can we make one stop first?”
Ten minutes later, with Benjamin perched in the back seat, leaning into the black cage keeping him from reaching me, we pulled down a short lane, rusted and dented mailbox leaning to the right at a distinct disadvantage, and into an unkempt yard. I immediately sensed the despair in this place, seeped into the very soil of the property, not needing the ramshackle trailer’s neglected appearance as proof of some horrible past that loomed over the present. Benjamin hummed softly, not so much a growl as it was a rumbling sorrow, licking his chops and shifting his position, ears perked.
Sadness lives here, Mother, he sent. And death.
 Harriet glanced back over her shoulder with a little trepidation, though she hadn’t commented when I’d opened my front door and encouraged the mastiff to jump into the back. “He’s… friendly, right?”
“Benjamin is a sweetheart,” I said, a little absently since most of my attention was caught by the miasma hovering over this place. “And he’s a trained investigator himself.”
Her eyes widened. “He’s K-9?” I just nodded, even though I had no idea what that meant. “Police dog, cool.” She seemed relieved, even turned the rest of the way to smile at him. “Nice to meet you, Detective Benjamin.”
I like her, Mother.
Sigh.
I exited, letting the mastiff out. He hopped down beside me, head rising, sniffing the air though I knew it was more than his nose that explored the scene. Shall I hunt?
His question made me sad, but I was quick to hide it. This was the first time he’d asked since we’d left the east and would be the first time he did so alone.
Not yet, I said. Let’s give this suspect the benefit of the doubt for now. We don’t know if he’s done what the others claim, so terrifying him might not be the best course.
I’d be gentle, Mother, Benjamin said with somber wistfulness.
I know, my darling, I sent back, but not everyone realizes how lovely you are.
He accepted that without comment, joining me as I circled the vehicle, headlights still aglow to offer us illumination, following Harriet to the front door. It was immediately obvious to me no one was here, not just due to the lack of lighting within, but the simple absence of human contact when I let my power out to explore, bumping into Benjamin’s doing the same thing.
No one’s home, Mother, he sent, even as Harriet knocked.
Turned to me, shrugged. “I don’t think he’s here.”
“It’s no wonder Mr. Williams was attempting to rent accommodations in Circe,” I said, stepping off the path and observing the trailer’s dilapidated state.
“Yeah, I know,” Harriet said. “This was his dad’s trailer, where Miles grew up.” Her pinched expression caught shadows in the glow of the headlights. “Norm died five years ago, so it’s been abandoned since then, but Miles did his best to clean it up when he got back.” Was that regret in her voice?
“You wish he’d stayed away.” I suppose it made sense. Whatever motivated him to return after all this time, to a place where he was clearly unwelcome, could be tied to murder. Or something we had yet to uncover.
Harriet let out a heavy sigh, hands on her hips, staring at the unanswered door with a scowl. “I don’t blame him for wanting to come home,” she said. “I’d be after closure too, I guess. But he has to know he’s not going to find any friends here. So, why come back?” Her eyes glistened in the bright lights when she turned to face me. “Except, maybe, to kill someone he had a grudge against?”
“He’s been here for three weeks,” I said, one hand resting on Benjamin’s head as he panted on his haunches beside me, the other reflexively holding the two ends of my shawl to my heart. “From all appearances, Miles was attempting to make a life for himself here. If his intent really was to kill Nick Parks, why not sneak into town, murder him, and then leave again? Why put himself through this?” I waved at the trailer, at his history in this town and the pain he endured encapsulated in a tin can rusting and discarded on the edge of Circe.
Harriet closed the distance between us, even making a tentative motion toward the mastiff. He stuck his nose out immediately, licked her fingers with the gentlest swipe, before grinning up at her, tongue hanging out, ears perked. She made a more confident effort, scratching at his cheek while he groaned softly and leaned in, cementing her trust.
“I’m not sure of your local laws,” I said. “If someone’s door is open, are we permitted to enter and gather evidence?”
Her face scrunched in concern, Harriet’s gaze going to the door. “I probably couldn’t use anything I found in court,” she said.
Fair enough. “But a civilian, acting on her own?” Harriet’s eyes narrowed. “Then, perhaps you’d like to return to the car, sheriff.” I circled around her, Benjamin on my heels, and reached for the doorknob. Whispered the barest thread of magic, lock disengaging as I turned it. Smiled and shrugged at Harriet who hesitated one last moment before nodding and joining me when I opened the entry and stepped inside the dark trailer.

***

Chapter Eight

The interior wasn’t much better than the sad exterior, scent of mold and old body odor almost an assault. Harriet surprised me when she switched on the light at the doorway. When I turned to face her with eyebrows upraised, she shrugged.
“Thought I heard someone in distress,” she said.
Worked for me.
I ignored the pile of unwashed dishes at the small sink, the crunch of something discarded on the floor under my sandals, the creaking of the trailer as Benjamin left my side and moved into the main living area. He sniffed delicately around the space, a stained pillow and rumpled blanket cast aside on the tattered sofa evidence of occupation, as was the pile of empty beer bottles scattered on the floor near one end.
He sleeps here, Mother, the mastiff sent.
I joined him as he paused by the coffee table, nosing something before sitting and waiting for me to examine his discovery. Even as Harriet spoke behind me.
“Poor Miles,” she said, voice thick. “I had no idea.”
I sorted through the small stack of photographs, most of them creased on the corners, a few faded with age. Several were of a smiling young woman, only one with her beside a younger Miles, and another with her hugging a boy who beamed his gap-toothed grin at the camera. “Is this the young woman who died?” I held them up for Harriet to see. She took one look and nodded.
“That’s Riley Gray all right,” she said, sadness not going anywhere anytime soon. “And that’s her little brother, Brian. And Miles.” She shook her head over the images. “Twenty years, hard to believe.” She sighed, set the photos down while Benjamin carried on his exploration toward the other end of the trailer. “You know he drove them both to the ER that night? After the accident? He tried to save them.” Tragic. I glanced up as the mastiff shook, as though the weight of the past troubled him and got in the way of his investigation. But he carried on as Harriet did. “Riley was dead when they got there, but they managed to save Brian. I think that’s why he got manslaughter, but the judge threw the book at him. Twenty years without parole. I think if Brian had died too, he’d have never gotten out.” She hesitated before speaking again. “Thing is, he swore up and down he was innocent. That he found them that way.”
That was interesting information. I kept an eye on Benjamin as he pushed open a door at the end of the trailer and entered. “No one believed him?”
“He was stoned,” Harriet said. “Austin Cooper arrested him personally. Even Miles admitted he was out of it. But he swore to the sheriff and everyone who would listen he only found them and took them to the ER, that they weren’t in the car at all.”
She turned, saw the mastiff circling back toward us. “Is he finding anything?”
I shook my head. “There’s nothing to find, I suppose.” If Miles had stolen the snake from Tommy Cooper, he must have done so with the vet’s equipment or discarded what he used elsewhere. “Except sadness.”
Harriet nodded heavily. “Amen to that.”
“Perhaps a fresh start in the morning.” I gestured for Benjamin to exit, followed him to the door, Harriet on my heels. She turned out the light behind her, closing the door with a firm snap, the three of us silent as we returned to the car. That silence lingered all the way to my house, though not in an uncomfortable way. While I was lost in thought, it seemed Harriet was, too.
That ended when she pulled up to my walk and parked. “I’ll have my deputies keep an eye open for him,” she said. “And I’ll call the state police to put an APB out, just in case he ran.” She reached over and offered her hand which I shook with a smile. “Thanks again, Georgia. I appreciate the help.”
“I’m happy to do so,” I said. Would I regret those words, too? Did the Fates snigger their wicked delight at my gracious reply? Probably on both counts, but it was too late to rewrite them now. “Good night, Harriet.”
She waved before driving off, as I paused at the end of my lane, Benjamin staring up at me.
“What are you thinking about, Mother?” He nudged my hand after a moment.
“Miles Williams,” I said. “Most times the most obvious choice is the right one.”
“And sometimes,” the mastiff said, “the obvious choice is the very one you need to discount to find the truth.”
I flashed him a smile. “Don’t start with me,” I said. “You sound just like…” I didn’t finish. I didn’t have to.
“Sorry, Mother,” Benjamin said. “But he was right, you know.”
Elias. How he loved being right.
I turned and went inside, tired suddenly, ready for bed and sleep—knowing it would be a long time coming if I didn’t spell myself into it—and distance from the despair I’d just encountered.
When the Fates giggled their nasty whim, and my phone rang.
The moment I checked the number, I groaned. Hesitated a long inhale while Benjamin stared up at me with expectation. And answered, doing my best not to sound irritated by the intrusion.
“Hi, Mom,” I said.
“Georgia, my darling.” Morgana Drake never failed to add a drawn-out term of endearment to my name, even if it always felt a little like an affectation instead of a measure of adoration. “We miss you ever so much already. Tell me you’ve changed your mind and are coming home, my pet.”
Your mother means well, Benjamin sent as I set my jaw against the unhappy and yet not unexpected request. Bullying me into doing what she wanted? Classic Morgana.
“It’s lovely here, Mom,” I said, a bit more brightly than was called for. Did she hear the sarcasm in my voice? Sense it all the way across the continent in her manor house in Connecticut? Doubtful. If it didn’t have a direct impact on my mother’s existence, she typically ignored the feelings of others. “Thanks for asking.”
“Your father is simply beside himself,” she said, before calling out. “Aren’t you, Quarrian, dear?” I heard a muttered reply which meant Dad was deep in some folio or brief and completely ignoring Mom, not like that mattered to her. Acquiescence was all she ever required, and he clearly gave it to her because she carried on in the same judgmental tone disguised as concern. “We both are, sweet darling.” If she talked to me like a child one more time… “Honestly, Georgia, you’ve had your foray, dear. Time to come home. Your father and I were just discussing all your possibilities.” Never mind I was forty and had been on my own since I was eighteen. “Why, I spoke to Dinorah at Guild Hades just yesterday and she was delighted to consider you for a Representative position.”
Management. Me. Surrounded by a bunch of necromancers. No thank you.
“And that position in my office is still open.” I knew I wasn’t imagining the wistful hope in her voice. She really did have my best interests at heart. She just had no idea that even considering being her personal assistant, Emissary to the North American Magic League or not, would wither my soul in about a week. “And your father mentioned he has a spot in Guild Nemesis, isn’t that right, Quarrian?” Again the mutter in the background. “Imagine being on the other side of Artemis, sweetie.” I had thought about it, also discarded the idea. But she wasn’t done. “You could be an Assistant Defender in no time.” Since Dad was Chief Defender, I’d carry around not only the stigma of the boss’ daughter but the implication I only had my position because of him. Which would be true on both counts.
Shudder.
“You realize Mattew is now junior steward to the Forum,” Mom said, voice lowering just a little. “Not to compare sprites and leprechauns, dearest, but think about it. Your big brother, on the WPSF.”
He could keep the World Paranormal and Supernatural Forum posting. Politics made my head ache and so did ladder climbing. Did she really know nothing about me at all? Nor, frankly, did I feel like being in a position where I’d be constantly compared to my brother, his three brilliant kids, and his Guild Nemesis Assistant Defender wife.
“I’m sorry to be such a disappointment,” I said, no longer able to control my temper. It had been a long day and I still hadn’t unpacked, a fact that faced me down in a towering pile of belongings I honestly wasn’t sure I wanted anymore. For the second time, I considered waving it all out of existence and starting from nothing, just so I didn’t have to deal with the past any longer.
“Georgia, really,” Mom huffed slightly. “You don’t have to take that tone with me.”
“I am well aware my decision to join Artemis wasn’t on your agenda,” I said, “and that my failure to rise in the ranks irked you and Dad to no end. Not to mention almost dying on the job, that had to be a blow to your egos.” I was going too far, and I knew it. But for some reason, for the first time in my life, I simply couldn’t turn my cheek and hold back with my mother. Maybe it was the distance, the new beginning, or perhaps I’d just lost my mind at last. Whatever the case, I barreled on before she could talk over me like she always did and got the last of what I needed to shed off my chest. “I’m sure all your friends are whispering about my retirement and your failed Drake child, the broken one. But Drakes are leaders.” I mimicked Dad’s voice, feeling my face heating up. “Your grandfather Chamberlain is a Gold Dragon Sentinel, for legion’s sake.” I let my tone return to my own, though it held enough harshness I barely recognized it. “You might as well just write me off, then, Mom, because I’m not interested in anything you seem to think would make me worthy of the family.” Her silence on the other end had me wondering if she’d hung up, but I could hear her breathing, so I wrapped it up. “Thanks for calling to make me feel worse than I already do. Love you, too.” And hit end.
I tossed the phone to the kitchen island and scowled at it, expecting it to ring again. When it didn’t, guilt replaced anger so fast that I sighed at the shift in myself.
She’d give me the silent treatment for a few days then I’d get another call, she’d cry, I’d apologize, and we’d start the cycle all over again.
“They do love you, Mother,” Benjamin said.
“Oh hush.” I stroked his ears to soften the command. “It’s not your fault, but I don’t want to talk about it.”
“You could call Arimanthia.” My mastiff liked most people, but he adored my grandmother, the necromancer Sentinel for Guild Hades one of his favorite people on the planet and the reason I was able to adopt him in the first place. “She understands.”
While my grandmother did, she also chose to marry my dragon blood grandfather and the elevation in status that afforded her. Sure, she’d been an inquisitor when they’d met, knew the work I’d loved. She’d left it on purpose, however. Taken on political status thanks to her marriage. So, did she really get me? Besides, she had her own motives and agendas. They all did.
I slowly crossed the room to stare with a distinct lack of enthusiasm at the boxes waiting for me. Almost called one of my old connections in Artemis, to see if any progress had been made, knowing there hadn’t. I’d come to the realization before I’d left for California my old guild had no intention of tracking the one who’d killed my partner and left me a damaged husk. The enemy had been too long uncaught, too clever by far, too deadly as well, as I found out. I suppose they were just trying to protect me. But that meant nor were they willing to allow me to investigate, the main reason I walked out of my Sentinel’s office and quit.
Childish, perhaps. Satisfying, at least in the moment. If I wanted to throw my life after Elias’ in pursuit of his killer, of the old enemy no one named past that generic whisper of a suggested persona, that was my choice. Too bad no one in Artemis agreed with me.
Satisfaction had turned to a dull ache I despised as much as the wretched tower of what had been my life, piled up in a mundane stack of ancient history and crowding out my future as much as it did my view.
“Please, Mother,” Benjamin nosed my hand, sorrow in his voice. “You promised you wouldn’t.”
I hugged him to me, sighing into his fur, taking solace from his warmth and strength. “I know,” I whispered, tears escaping despite my firm decision not to cry. “I’m sorry, Benny. I’ll be fine. This was the right move.” No more weeping over the past or my lost partner or frustration the enemy we hunted for over a decade escaped and would now likely never be caught. No one was looking.
Not even me.
Didn’t matter now. I kissed Benjamin’s nose then nodded at the pile of belongings before me.
Snapped my fingers.
And enjoyed the sudden scene of the moon rising over the ocean.

***

Chapter Nine

One thing about eliminating all of my possessions, I now needed to go shopping. And while yes, I took a few minutes the next morning to assemble and arrange some new furniture from a website I found—the designs easy enough to replicate—by the time I got to making myself some new clothes, I realized I’d rather have the full experience and actually try some things on.
In a store. Like a normal human.
Was it odd that felt exciting to me?
Regardless of the reality of the experience itself, the idea of it fired me up and had me moving at least, even humming a little as I sipped a coffee on the corner of my rather dilapidated deck—one of the jobs Sam Spencer would be tackling—and enjoyed the ocean view.
They came home in a rush of wings, perching next to me on the railing, leaning in to rub their beaks and heads against me, chattering and cooing as they did. I stroked the ravens, Benjamin offering licks of welcome, before the pair fluttered their wings into order and settled in for a feast of my leftover breakfast.
Harriet arrived shortly after, the raven’s gurgled croaking a welcome even if the sheriff seemed as put off by the pair as she had Benjamin the night before. But my dog immediately went to her and nosed her hand, encouraging her to scratch his ears, panting his happiness at seeing her. Benjamin always knew just how to put people at ease, the sheriff nodding and smiling, stepping carefully over a weak board as the mastiff guided her on a safe path to my side.
“Morning,” she said. Nodded to the birds who observed her with their heads cocked. “They’re pets?”
Caprice laughed. “Pets?” She repeated the word like she was simply a wild raven and not sentient, Conscio mimicking Harriet’s voice perfectly. “Morning,” he said.
Harriet giggled but seemed anxious yet. “Never met anyone with crows for pets before.”
“And you still haven’t,” I said, reaching out to smooth the white female’s head feathers. She purred in response, silver eye flickering to Harriet again. “The ravens are more like family. They stay because they want to.”
“Morning,” Conscio said to me. Then laughed.
They were clearly enjoying teasing the sheriff who chuckled and shook her head, adjusting her hat in what seemed like a nervous gesture. “So, no Polly want a cracker?”
The ravens both stood and flapped at that insult before flying off, croaking their disapproval while I winced.
“Guess I got my answer.” Harriet hesitated. “I know I’m asking a lot of you, Georgia, but Mavis found some things and I was hoping…”
“Let me get my phone,” I said. Glanced at Benjamin. You’ll need to stay.
Yes, Mother, he sent back, licking my hand, but with sorrow in his voice. You’ll come home for me?
Before you know it. I kissed the top of his head, stood, smiled at the sheriff whose relief I could feel as well as see. “Shall we?”
Fifteen minutes later and we stood in the brightly lit, stainless steel and white tile morgue, the body of Nick Parks laid out on the slab before us, covered modestly in a white sheet, milky gaze staring straight up. Mavis either hadn’t been able or didn’t bother trying to adjust his expression, the terror there making it uncomfortable to look at him for long.
The necromancer ME didn’t seem phased, though Harriet stood back a little, swallowing over and over again. Her phone kept buzzing, but she ignored it, enraptured, I suppose, by this experience. Was this her first dead body? Likely her first autopsy. I added a hint of comforting confidence to my aura, and she settled somewhat, though I did notice she avoided making eye contact with the corpse.
Probably a good idea anyway, though Mavis wouldn’t have allowed him to rise even if Harriet did accidentally trigger a ghoul breakout, but one could never be too careful with fresh bodies, human or otherwise.
Zombies, on the other hand. Oy, did I have stories.
“Definitely heart failure,” Mavis said, pointing at a silver tray hanging over the body, attached to some kind of scale. “Fear will do that sometimes, especially when there’s a preexisting condition.” She’d bagged the heart medication, the evidence set aside on the tray where she’d laid out her implements. “I was just finishing up, but I’m confident the snake bite didn’t do the job.”
“And yet,” I said, “the snake did. Though, if the culprit knew the venom would take a half-hour to forty-five minutes to kill Nick, could it have been a prank? Or, perhaps, an attempt to scare him and not end his life?”
“Really hard to know,” Mavis said, small, chubby hands stuck into the pockets of her lab coat silver hair and pale blue eyes translucent in the bright white lights. “I checked on antivenom on the mainland, though. It would have to have been flown in, which means he likely wouldn’t have made it anyway.” So, murder, regardless. “One thing’s confirmed,” she picked up a chart, showed it to Harriet as she addressed me, “Tommy Cooper admitted it was his snake that bit the vic. And he claims there’s no way it would have escaped on its own.”
“Not like a reptile to just climb into a locked car either, I suppose,” I said. In my world? Sentient serpents certainly could achieve such a feat and were known for their silent deadliness as assassins and extricators employed to carry out Guild Hades justice. The perfect weapons and the ideal selection for ending the lives of those found guilty, their cold calculation and pristine logic making them incorruptible. Forget a half-hour—try the moment of the bite triggering instant euphoria as the brain imploded. But a non-sentient species?
It had to have had help. But was that help ordinary or had there been magic involved and I’d missed it? No, I discarded that question almost immediately, sensing nothing in connection to the body. And surely Mavis would have indicated such a find if she’d uncovered wrongdoing from one of us. That left mundane hands and motives.
And questions for Miles Williams. He wasn’t the only one, however. It was Tommy Cooper’s snake, after all, and friendship or not, if he had motive, I’d help Harriet find it.
“Mavis,” I said, “can you do me a favor?” She nodded immediately, Harriet handing back the file while I thought about the ex-con who was the primary suspect. “Riley Gray.” She perked. “According to Harriet, Miles claimed he found her and her brother, that he took them to the hospital and wasn’t a part of the accident.” If somehow Nick was involved, that could be motive, especially after twenty years in prison for a crime Miles may not have committed. I know I’d have held a grudge. “The damage to the body would confirm either way? Indicate if she was inside the vehicle, correct?”
Mavis went to the computer on the other side of the room, and I followed her, Harriet on my heels. I was happy enough to leave Nick Parks behind, though honestly, I’d been at enough accidental raisings and had to assist necromancers in putting down the undead I felt a little tingle between my shoulder blades every time I turned my back on a corpse.
“Let’s see, Riley Gray.” Mavis had donned a set of wire-rimmed half-glasses, her short but nimble fingers dancing over the keyboard. “And the file hasn’t been digitized.” She grunted like that was a mortal sin, turning toward the filing cabinet next to me, shooing me sideways so she could get access. I held still and quiet while she rifled through the folders, the sound of the drawer rollers loud in the stillness, punctuated by yet another buzzing round from Harriet’s phone. The sheriff checked the screen, grunted, and put it away while Mavis spoke.
“Here we are.” She slammed the drawer shut, faint scent of old paper wafting on the breeze she made, flipping the yellow cover open and scanning the interior. Her instant frown gave me relief, I’m not going to lie. There was a time I’d doubted my instincts, that I’d failed the one person in the world whose back I was supposed to have and drove him to leave me behind so he could face the enemy neither of us was prepared to take on.
Nice to know I wasn’t completely useless anymore.
“This can’t be right.” She looked up at Harriet. “The autopsy report’s useless.” She tossed it at the sheriff who looked it over but was clearly in the dark. I took it from her gently, scanned the information, and realized Mavis was right.
Aside from a few notes about blunt force trauma, it was incomplete to the state of being either handled by an incompetent or someone who didn’t want anyone to know what really happened to Riley Gray.
“What if Miles was telling the truth, Harriet?” I met her troubled hazel eyes, noted her discomfort as she shifted her weight from one foot to another, frowning back at me. “What if he really did find her and her brother on the side of the road and had nothing to do with their injuries?” I handed the practically empty file to the necromancer ME who tossed it aside with a snort of disgust. “If Nick was somehow involved and Miles blames him…”
“But why wait three weeks?” Harriet shook her head. “Like you said last night, why not just sneak into town, do away with Nick and disappear?”
Excellent question. “We need to talk to him,” I said. “I have a feeling everything we need to know Miles Williams can tell us.” And I had ways of sensing if he was lying or not.
We headed out, Mavis promising to look deeper into Riley’s death, a further search just in case she’d missed something, but I was fairly certain the only way we’d know what really happened to her physically was via a visit to the cemetery in the middle of the night. I’d suggest it to her if we ran into any roadblocks.
If Miles was innocent, he deserved justice.
Harriet slammed the cruiser door as I settled next to her, seatbelt clicking while she turned toward me, cheeks pink, breathing a little fast though we hadn’t hurried.
“Austin Cooper was sheriff when Riley died.” She blurted that into the warm air of the cabin before hitting the start button, air conditioning washing over both of us. She made no move to put the car in drive, to do anything but clutch the wheel and stare out the windshield with sweat standing out on her forehead and upper lip. “Do you think he had something to do with that autopsy?”
“Do you?” She obviously did but I needed her to come to that conclusion.
Harriet nodded, dabbing at her sweaty face, jaw clenching. “He’s been calling me non-stop,” she said. As if to prove her point, her phone buzzed again. She didn’t look at it this time, letting it vibrate on the console where she’d discarded it, AUSTIN COOPER flashing on the screen. “He’s been asking a lot of questions.”
“Bullying you, you mean,” I said. “Doing everything he can to make you feel inadequate and like you can’t do your job. Let me guess, because you’re a woman.” Typical distraction technique of the guilty in supposed authority. This wasn’t my first haunted carnival.
Harriet blinked at me, nodded. “This island, the people here, they’ve put their trust in me, Georgia. I can’t let them down. But Austin, he’s well known, well-loved. If I go against him, I’m not sure what will happen.” She swallowed hard. “He covered something up, didn’t he?” Her voice had shrunk, her body, too, suddenly seeming tiny in the front seat, in that uniform she adored.
I didn’t answer. Because there was no need to. More importantly, really, was finding out what exactly the former sheriff did to hide what happened to Riley Gray and what, if anything, Nick Parks had to do with her death.
And Miles’ incarceration.
The residents of Whitewitch Island would just have to accept the truth when it came out.

***

Chapter Ten

It was Harriet’s suggestion we track down Sam Spencer, I swear. I had nothing at all to do with the sheriff’s idea he might know where Miles was and, even better, might have had him working on site that day, making our job easy. Though, if the ex-con had killed Nick Parks, there was a good chance even his boss had no idea where he was.
When we arrived at the cottage on the edge of Circe, the little community of what looked like well-established residences feeling a bit like you’d only be welcome if you were born on Whitewitch Island, I had to stop a moment and appreciate the view.
No, I didn’t mean the ocean, though I’m sure that was lovely to look at from the vantage point of the deck where Sam worked. If you were into water and the horizon and clouds and not gorgeously tanned and muscular men, shirtless in the California sun.
Sweaty. Hairless chest chiseled, not by weights or magic, but by hard work, faintly squinting at us as we walked up the path to the pile of lumber he was selecting a length of wood from, the heavy 2X6 balancing easily in his large and capable hands.
Did I mention he was sweating? Glistening, really, a ready smile on his face, though he shook his head at Harriet the moment she stopped beside him, apparently not as overtaken with the spectacle I was rather enjoying (thank goodness for mirrored sunglasses) as I was and able to focus on the conversation.
I am not ashamed to admit I almost missed the words coming out of that delicious creature’s mouth, though I dragged myself back from the precipice of admiration and more than a little lust and focused when I realized he already knew exactly why we were there.
“I haven’t seen Miles since yesterday evening,” Sam said, setting the board in place, retrieving his drill, one hand dipping into the worn leather pouch at his waist. “He didn’t hurt Nick, Harriet. He wouldn’t.”
Protective of those he trusted? An excellent trait, though perhaps naive. Not that I minded a bit of sweet innocence.
Harriet didn’t fully appreciate the nuances of his form or his denial of Miles’ guilt. “Detective Drake and I just need to talk to him, Sam,” she said. “No one’s jumping to any conclusions.”
He grunted, scowling now, visibly reassessing me now that he knew what I used to do for a living, or thought he did. He paused in his work to share that unhappiness with her along with a steady glare of his lovely gray eyes. “Tell that to pretty much everyone in Circe or on the island, Harriet,” he said. “No one ever gave Miles a chance, not when we were kids and not now. He’s always said he was innocent. Why wasn’t it ever investigated?”
“Do you think he killed Riley Gray, Sam?” Time to redirect, though the handyman didn’t seem any less resistant to the conversation’s direction when he nodded to me.
“I think Miles deserved better than he got,” he said. “He was a good kid who made mistakes and got railroaded for it. But I don’t know anyone in town who hasn’t screwed up. He just didn’t have anyone to stand up for him.”
It sounded like Sam would have, back in the day, if he hadn’t been a teenager himself. Even more to admire.
“There are two people right here who put justice ahead of this town’s politics,” the sheriff said. Sam finally relented, nodding, frown fading just a little. “We’re honestly trying to get to the bottom of it, that’s all. We really need to talk to him.”
Sam met my eyes, then let his gaze return to Harriet. “I haven’t seen him,” he said, voice dropping, sad edged before it firmed up again as he pivoted back to the board he’d been ready to attack with his tools. “If I do, I promise, I’ll let you know.” The horrible sound of the impact drill set my teeth on edge.
Harriet turned to me, nodded. “Thank you for all your help,” she said, “but I think I’ve got it from here.” Despite telling Sam the contrary, it seemed the sheriff had made up her mind about who killed Nick. I wasn’t so sure.
Sam wasn’t done arguing, either. “You just want to send him back to prison and get him out of town.” His temper was clearly getting the better of him. “So much for wanting the truth, Harry.”
She scowled back, spinning on him in her own little hissy fit. “Samuel Abraham Spencer,” she snapped. “I’ve known you since you were three years old. Have you ever once had reason to doubt me?”
He didn’t answer, though now he looked doubtful.
“First,” Harriet said, ticking off fingers for his benefit and her own, I had no doubt, “if Miles wasn’t guilty, why can’t we find him?” Sam stayed silent, the drill in his hand bouncing against his thigh. “Why run?”
“Because he knew everyone would think it was him,” I said. Realized only after I’d spoken that those words emerged without my actual permission, but now that they were out there, I shrugged while she shook her head at me.
“There was the fight over the apartment,” Harriet said. “Who knows what kind of trauma Miles went through in prison? I’m not saying it made him a killer. I’m just saying it may have shortened his trigger.”
“Circumstantial,” I said. “We need more, Harriet.”
“I saw that fight, by the way,” Sam said. “Nick was a total ass. Miles was really nice about it, polite. I went with him but stayed out of it because he asked me to. But if anyone was the aggressor, it was Nick.” He tossed his drill to the deck, crossing his arms over his chest. My, those were lovely biceps. “Called Miles a murderer right there on Athens Avenue.”
“Even more reason to think Miles might have been harboring a grudge,” Harriet shot back.
“You’re forgetting Riley Gray’s autopsy,” I said. Paused as she paled and gave me a very unhappy look that Sam missed, though he caught what I’d said.
“What about her autopsy?” He looked back and forth between us while I kicked myself internally. I’d been an inquisitor for how long and I made this rookie mistake? Certainly, I’d been out of the field a few weeks, but come on, Georgia Drake.
I quickly deflected, aiming a question at the handyman. “Does everyone in town know about Tommy Cooper’s serpentarium?”
He nodded quickly. “Tommy has the grade school kids in every year for a show and tour,” he said. “Been doing it for years.” Sam had pulled himself back from his anger because his arms dropped to his sides, hands out, imploring Harriet. “You know how they treated Miles when we were in school,” he said. “They bullied him then, Harriet, and they’re doing it now. He didn’t hurt Nick. Someone either set it up to look like Miles or…”
“Or what?” She didn’t seem convinced.
He shook his head. “It doesn’t matter, does it?” Not quite bitter, but his temper returning. Sam grabbed three boards this time, slamming them down on the deck, one of the ends bumping the edge of the hot tub already installed on the finished section, catching under the cover. Sam heaved, tugging the board clear, but not before knocking the unlatched top loose. “I’m done talking if you’re just going to focus on Miles and not actually investigate.”
Harriet seemed furious with his attitude, huffing, but I agreed with Sam. Was going to ask him another question but didn’t get the chance.
It didn’t matter anymore what we’d been discussing. The moment the cover flipped up, something moved inside, steam parting, a dark shape surfacing. Not a shape, a body, floating in the heated water.
Flipped over, the staring face of the man I’d deemed the instigator, Jim Collins, bobbing to the surface.

***

Chapter Eleven

Harriet’s gasp of surprise preceded Sam’s lunge for the body, just barely. I managed to stop the handyman from interfering with evidence by grabbing him firmly with both hands, pulling him back toward me before he could leave my reach. Which resulted in a rapid loss of balance on his part when he turned to confront me, ending in the truly delicious Sam Spencer—bare torso and all—falling into me while I did my best to keep him upright.
You better believe I did. I kept my hands to safe places, I swear, though when he righted himself, did I notice his own touch lingering before he let me go?
Rather than press the point and with a corpse and a horrified sheriff to wrangle, I chose to address the issue at a later date. Not much later, though. And hopefully, a date would be involved.
“You can’t touch him, Sam,” I said. “This whole scene is now off-limits.” I almost snapped my fingers in Harriet’s face to break through the stunned expression that held her rigid and staring but didn’t have to. She jerked herself back from the precipice of shock, though she looked like she was no longer certain if this was the job for her after all.
“I’ll call Mavis,” she said, backing away. Stopped, her face stricken, looking back and forth between me and Sam. “You can handle the scene?” She didn’t wait for me to answer, heading for her car while I gestured for the handyman to follow her.
He did so with visible reluctance, glancing back a few times at the bobbing body, retrieving his t-shirt from the end of the deck and donning it to my eternal regret. Not that the white cotton, tight across his chest and shoulders, did much to hide his musculature, but I was rather enjoying his company absent of any such protection.
There would be opportunity to experience him again, no doubt. For now, I had a second death to deal with and it was pretty obvious this one wasn’t an accident either. Unless people around these parts willingly hot tubbed in their street clothes.
“Whose house is this, Sam?” I pivoted to put my right shoulder to the deck, forcing him to turn as well, keeping the crime scene out of his eye line. He seemed to settle when the sight of the dead man wasn’t front and center, though he did take a second to respond, frowning with sadness behind that furrow and jaw clench.
“Tommy Cooper,” he said. “He’s not living here, though. He’s at his dad’s until I’m done.” He stopped a moment, caught his breath. “That’s two deaths tied to him.”
He was the master of the obvious, though I didn’t criticize him for it. “I take it you’ve been working on the site since this morning?”
Sam thought about it, big hands running through his hair, over the stubble on his cheeks, then tucking into his back pockets as he gathered his thoughts. The visible pathway he took to regaining control and focus fascinated me, though from a hormonal perspective. How would it feel to mimic that trail of touch? I had to shake off my own distraction that had nothing to do with death and everything to do with the fact I’d clearly been on my own too long while he answered. “I got here about 7:30AM,” he said. “Been here ever since.” It was just past 10AM. Sam blanched then, drew a shaking breath before he freed both hands and held them up as though to deflect some attack that hadn’t come. “I swear I had nothing to do with it.”
Honestly, that thought hadn’t crossed my mind. Sam had the kind of lovely, earthy aura that I equated with the truly compassionate and kind. Someone like him struggled to hang onto a lie, wore their allegiances and loyalties like badges of honor, and stood by those they loved and cared about through everything. While endearing and, yes, naive, if Sam had killed Jim Collins, I’d have sensed it from him.
Unless he was somehow hiding the truth from me. But that would take powerful magic, deception on a level that rivaled the best the Guilds had to offer. Somehow, I couldn’t bring myself to believe Sam was anything but who and what he seemed to be.
“You’re not a suspect,” I said, watching the relief wash over him, though his grim denial returned immediately as his brain spun toward the inevitable deduction. “Sam, was Miles aware you were working here today?”
He didn’t answer right away, glancing toward the body despite his own position, then back over his shoulder at Harriet on the phone near her car. When he did return his attention to me, it was with a sick expression behind that steadfast refusal to turn on his friend.
“He was with me here the last three days,” Sam said. “I know what you’re thinking.”
“How clever of you,” I said. “Since I’m not sure myself what to think.”
Sam’s voice dropped, keeping our conversation between us, though Harriet was far enough away she couldn’t hear us anyway. “Please don’t let them blame this on Miles. If he is guilty…” he stopped, face twisting in regret he even spoke those words aloud before he rushed on. “If he is guilty, so be it. But if someone is setting him up, Miles deserves justice to find out the truth and have the real killer punished.”
I nodded. “While your sheriff might have an emotional investment in the outcome,” I said, “and history to color her judgments, I do not.” I let that sink in. “Harriet is a good person, Sam. She’s honest, too. She’s anxious to solve these deaths,” I gestured at the hot tub while the rumble of an engine preceded the arrival of a van and an ambulance, voices interfering, door slamming trying to draw us both away from our conversation but failing. “And that’s fair enough. I’ve had enough years and experience in the field to know not to jump to conclusions and as long as she asks me to continue assisting, I promise I won’t stop until the real killer is found.” I felt Mavis approaching, the fluttering hum of necromancy bumping up against my power. “Even if it’s Miles.”
Sam’s intense gray eyes never left mine as I reassured him and, when Mavis joined us, nodded.
Now, to honor that promise. Because I really wanted him as a friend, not a disappointed and disillusioned acquaintance.
Mavis’ pale blue eyes sparkled with something I could only imagine was supposition about my present circumstance, the faint grin she flashed me supporting that guess. But when she faced off with Sam, she was all ME, the EMTs slipping past her and heading for the deck with Harriet guiding them.
“Tell me what you found,” she said. “Don’t leave anything out.”
I left her to talk to Sam, doing a slow and careful circle of the property, searching for the physical trace of whoever might have killed Jim Collins. Trouble was, this scene wasn’t exactly pristine and I didn’t have a scrap of hindsight to call on. Not that seeing the past was all that reliable, really, muddied as such magic was by the passage of time. With only my senses to guide me, I established quickly that not only was Sam here, but so were the men for whom Jim Collins was a friend, the same men I’d encountered in the restaurant and on the road the night before.
They’d all been here, Tommy and Luke, Charlie and, yes, Jim. Nick.
And Miles. Though, to be fair, he’d had good reason, right?
I joined the sheriff and necromancer ME as Mavis gave the EMTs permission to remove the body. He’d only been submerged a short time, not yet bloated past that point of recognition, though either the heat had been turned up past safe levels by accident or the killer had done the deed themselves because he’d been rendered to a lovely red shade by the temperature of the water.
Boiled corpse, how delightful.
“The lid was on,” Harriet was telling Mavis. “So, whoever did this tried to hide it, unlike Nick’s death. Could that mean this is unrelated?”
Harriet, grasping at straws? I wasn’t necessarily disappointed, but I certainly hoped she wasn’t entertaining such a possibility with any kind of conviction. “It’s possible whoever hid the snake in Nick’s car didn’t intend for him to die last night.” I didn’t mean to burst the sheriff’s bubble. I’d done a little research into the weapon of choice and the facts lined up differently than the outcome. “For all we know, the snake bit him prematurely. They are most active in the morning and if the killer was aware of that,” looking at you, Tommy Cooper, “there’s a chance they’d intended for the snake to strike this morning, not last night.”
Harriet paled. “Does that mean we might have other targets?” She was quick, I’d give her that, and had the heart and mind of an investigator. She just needed experience. Too bad being thrown into the deep end of the pond was her initiation into such a process, but she wasn’t alone, at least.
“We might want to have a chat with Charlie Jackson,” I said. “And I’d like to sit down with Dr. Cooper.” I watched as the EMTs settled the dripping corpse onto the trolly. Joined Mavis—Harriet hanging back, and I hardly blamed her—for a quick look at the body before she took it back to the morgue.
Noted immediately the indentation in Jim Collins’ skull near the left eye.
“Looks like blunt force trauma,” Mavis said, turning to look at the rim of the hot tub. “Shape of the wound is consistent with the edge.”
“So, maybe he fell?” Harriet’s wistful hopefulness really was adorable, but she needed to get over such hope, sadly, if she wanted to solve this case and the one before it.
“His shirt is missing a top button,” I said, “and the fabric is torn slightly.”
Mavis nodded over it, checking Jim’s hands. “No sign he tried to fight off whoever did this,” she said, pointing out pristine knuckles on both hands. “Why wouldn’t he struggle?”
Fear made people do odd things, like panic to a frozen state, something that would have allowed his attacker the freedom to push him into the tub without resistance. And yet, I struggled to believe this was some criminal mastermind we dealt with. Clever, certainly, and diabolical to murder two men on the same night. Still, why drown the man in a hot tub and leave him to be found?
“I don’t know if it makes a difference,” Sam called out where he’d remained at the end of the deck, watching the proceedings, “but Jim was terrified of water.”
Which clicked the death into place in connection to Nick’s and identified the means of possible attack for the other two men tied to the corpses, if not the motivation for their murders.
None of which mattered as a giant pickup truck pulled up behind the ambulance and the loud—we heard him from the street as he started shouting orders the moment the door to his vehicle opened and didn’t stop as he strode up the path to the crime scene uninvited—and obnoxious intrusion of the town’s former sheriff, Austin Cooper, made himself unrelentingly known.

***

Chapter Twelve

If I hadn’t seen Tommy Cooper get out of his father’s truck, I wouldn’t have known he was there, the vet staying behind the retired lawman and letting Austin do the talking.
Shouting, actually, but who was I to quibble semantics?
“Where’s the ME?” His booming voice might have carried well over a field of battle or one of sport but felt entirely inappropriate and rather boorish as he bullied his impressively round-bellied way forward into the fray like a man ready to take on all challengers. I instantly noted the shift in Harriet, how she cringed just slightly, her aura shifting from confidence tinted with doubt to full-on nervous anxiety. To her credit, she hid it fairly well to the naked eye. I, however, had means beyond the norm to watch for signs of distress and she was advertising her stress to anyone who could read the details.
Now, not that I was confrontational or anything, but I’d spent enough years as an inquisitor dealing with the high and bitey who believed they had privilege over the rest of us I’d grown accustomed to managing such persons with the skills I’d obtained putting said arrogant souls behind bars for their crimes despite their breeding and power base.
Someone like Austin Cooper held not a single flame to the rank and file of magical creatures, users and manipulators who thought they alone were above the laws of our kind. I’d been entrusted with the kind of power that could bring even the most respected of paranormals low, my position in Guild Artemis overwriting all others and, thanks to those years of knowing I was, in fact, the only law that mattered diminished any ability I had to feel awe or reverence or any sort of respect, quite frankly, for those who tried to push their weight around, either with magic behind it or not.
And while such power could have made me arrogant—and perhaps had, to a degree—I’d had the ever cynical and teasingly undercutting observations of my hunter partner, Elias Barrow, to keep me grounded.
Oh, George, you had to think of him at a time like this. He’d have laughed at the predicament I’d put myself into and written the entire thing off before going in search of something more interesting to do.
As for me? I found myself stepping between the agitated sheriff doing her best and the older, bullying energy of her retired counterpart with Elias’ favorite mocking smile on my lips.
“Detective Georgia Drake,” I bald-faced lied to Austin Cooper, sticking out my hand like I was normal, too. “May we help you, Mr. Cooper?”
His already florid complexion darkened to a deeper red, though he did manage an impressive splutter, staring down at me from his six-inch advantage. If he pushed that big belly of his toward me any further, I wasn’t going to be responsible for the fact he might wake up tomorrow on a lily pad.
“I demand—”
How I loved demands from those who didn’t deserve answers. “Mr. Cooper,” I interrupted him—no magic, I promise—with a smooth interjection and wave of one hand, “we have a murder investigation to continue. Civilians are not welcome on the scene. If you would please return home, we’ll be along in a little while with questions.” How delightful, the widening of his eyes, the way he fish-lipped and gaped at me as though he could barely contain his anger, belly jiggling in denial of my calm and firm rejection of his presence. “Dr. Cooper,” I leaned around his furious father and waved him forward, “you, however, shall remain.” Tommy Cooper hesitated, staring at the back of his father’s head, the older man’s rigid stance showing every sign of pending rebellion. Time to show him he wasn’t boss here and never would be again. “Sheriff Quinn will escort you to your vehicle, sir.” I gestured for her to comply, caught the flash of a grin on her face, felt the relief washing over her. And completed my dismissal of the still spluttering man by turning away from him, pointing at his son to join me.
I’d just superseded the sheriff’s authority. I really needed to watch my step, despite her willingness to allow me to take control.
Hard not to miss the sound of another approaching engine, the slamming of two doors, though I chose not to acknowledge the arrival of Luke Morrison and Charlie Jackson, instead focusing on the trembling and visibly agitated veterinarian whose house this was. I didn’t spare Austin Cooper another glance, though I tracked his slamming exit with power, felt Harriet’s confidence and courage bolster, hoped I’d done the right thing as Tommy glanced at the hot tub with a tinge of ashen nausea to his skin tone.
“I’m going to be sick,” he said, swallowed. “Did they really find Jim…?”
“I did, in fact,” I said, soothing his upset stomach with the faintest touch of magic, feeling him settle. Wondered at how blasé I’d become about turning a cheek to the minor infractions I’d never have contemplated before my move here. Elias would have approved. “Can you tell me, were you here last night with Mr. Collins?”
He shook his head, one hand wiping at his mouth, the sound of his friends talking with Harriet and Sam Spencer a faint distraction that drew his attention a moment before he came back to me. Haunted blue eyes met mine, lower lip trembling, but he kept it together thanks to my whisper of assistance. “We’ve been using the tub some nights,” he said, one hand waving across the scene in a generalized gesture, “despite the renos. Jim hated water, did they tell you that?” I nodded. “He never got in, not once, always sat beside the tub and drank with us.” Tommy’s voice hitched, breath catching, tears welling in his eyes. “He was terrified of the water, anything bigger than a bathtub. We teased him about it all the time. There’s no way he’d go in on his own.”
“Dr. Cooper,” I said, “while I realize this is an upsetting time, you do realize you’re now personally tied to two deaths of unusual circumstance.” He just stared at me, shaking his head but not speaking. “Can you think of anyone who would have wanted to hurt Mr. Collins?” I waved off the obvious. “Anyone who might have had a grudge against him.”
Tommy thought about it a moment, shrugged. But he didn’t get to respond, because it turned out Harriet hadn’t followed through on her task as I’d hoped, and the booming voice of Austin Cooper interrupted yet again.
At least he stayed next to his truck, though that didn’t seem to curtail his decision to interject himself in the case. “We all know who did this,” he yelled. “Harry, why haven’t you arrested that punk yet?”
I turned to scowl at the present sheriff while eyeballing the former one as Sam Spencer spun himself, glaring at Austin where he leaned into his pickup, judgment radiating from the retired lawman.
“That’s just like you, Austin,” Sam snapped. “Jumping to conclusions and not caring who really committed a crime. As long as you get to arrest someone and put them in prison, even if they are innocent.”
“You have no idea what you’re talking about, boy,” Austin snarled back.
“Enough.” Well now, Harriet Quinn, that was a surprise, though I privately cheered her on while she put herself between the handyman and her precursor. “Austin, I told you to go home. Now git.” She glared up at Sam who crossed his arms over his chest, belligerent refusal to leave written all over him. “You’re done, too,” she said. “Go home, Sam. Or to your next job. This one’s closed for business.”
Nicely done, and finally moved both men to obey, though was it wrong I wished Sam had lingered? Personal desires aside, yes, yes it was.
It turned out, while he finally decided to exit as ordered, Austin Cooper wasn’t done just yet. “I knew I should never have retired,” he shouted as he gunned his engine. “You’re going to get more people killed, Harriet Quinn!” Gravel sprayed from his back tires, the bumper of his large, black truck barely missing the car Luke and Charlie arrived in, the former sheriff squealing tires in a temperamental show a toddler would be hard-pressed to emulate while I again turned my back on him and focused on Tommy.
“Do I need a lawyer?” He’d turned grim in the time it took for his father to unfold his little hissy fit.
“Lawyer?” I wasn’t sure what that meant, felt a poke in my ribs, turned to find Mavis had joined me, large eyes widening a little.
“Defender,” she whispered.
Ah. “If you wish to employ one, that is your right to do so.”
He blinked, shook his head as Harriet and his two friends joined us. I glanced up at the sound of another truck engine, noting Sam leaving and held off a wave only out of a quick suppression of instinct. Not appropriate, Georgia. There would be time later for personal inquiries.
“Jim was my lawyer,” Tommy said, Charlie squeezing his shoulder, his aura shaken, muddied by fear and sorrow, Luke hanging back, hugging himself, the energy around him so compressed with grief I could barely feel anything but that morose darkness. All while the EMTs zipped up the body bag and trundled the corpse off to the ambulance.
“Perhaps it would be better to conduct this conversation in a less personal environment.” I nodded to Harriet who nodded back, all of her confidence returned, and then some.
“Gentlemen,” she said, adjusting her hat, voice dropping as she drew on her authority so deeply I almost grinned, “if you’d be so kind, let’s go have a little chat at the office and let our Dr. Fernsby finish her work.”
They left if reluctantly, the three following Harriet while I lingered with the ME. She watched them go herself, snapping off her gloves and pushing back the elastic hood of her coverall, sighing.
“You gave Harriet a gift she’ll never repay,” she said, soft and sad. “I hope she appreciates it.”
I shrugged, smiled down at the necromancer who squinted up at me, the sun’s angle directly on her face. “She has excellent instincts and a passion for the work,” I said. Paused as the thought surfaced. “Why did she never pursue law enforcement?”
Mavis’ lips thinned. “That’s a question you’ll have to ask Harriet,” she said. “I’m more interested in Riley Gray.”
I nodded in return, watching her unzip her coverall and strip it from her body, the ambulance pulling away, two deputies unrolling yellow police tape around the unfinished deck. Mavis and I backed off and this time I did wave while Harriet followed the three men as they drove off, presumably to the sheriff’s station. “Have you found out anything further that would explain the autopsy’s issues?”
“Nothing,” she snarled, surprising me with her venom. I waited for her to go on, heard her tsk softly, slapping the used coverall, now bunched in one hand, against her thigh, the soft whirr of the police tape unraveling filling the quiet. “Not one blessed thing, Georgia. And that troubles me greatly.” She bit the inside of her cheek, staring at the hot tub. “Inquisitor, I believe Miles Williams was framed for that girl’s murder and someone in town is covering it up.”
“Someone,” I said, mildly but with weight. “A former sheriff, perhaps.”
“Perhaps.” She exhaled heavily. “The trouble is, we have no idea if that young woman’s passing even has anything to do with these murders.”
“It’s a small town,” I said. “Miles returning and the deaths coming so close together, it has to be connected, Mavis.” Just a bit of magic, that would be all I’d need. All right, more than a bit. Enough to draw attention I didn’t want focused in my direction.
“I’m the first one to break our lesser laws when required,” Mavis said, voice soft and a little thick. “But don’t you go putting yourself up for inquiry yourself over this, Georgia Drake.”
She was right, of course. Losing my power and possibly my life over something that had nothing to do with me wasn’t how I planned to go out. No, that would happen either at the hands of the enemy who killed my partner or after a long life in the comfort of those who loved me.
“I don’t need magic to know something’s not right,” I said. “And uncovering truths is what I do best, power or no power.” I hoped my reassuring smile smothered her worry. So kind of her to care what happened to me. “Trust me, Thaumaturge Fernsby,” I used her Guild Hades title instead of her mortal one, “my sense of self-preservation is stronger than my curiosity. Besides, mortals are much easier to investigate than mages, wouldn’t you agree? They give so much away without knowing it.”
She grunted, grinned. “Idiots,” she agreed. “I kind of love them, though.”
That made me laugh, to which she joined me, if only for a moment.
“Someone is going to great lengths to kill these men with the thing they fear most,” Mavis said when we both fell silent. “Whatever that means.”
An avenue of inquiry. But where would it lead me?

***

Chapter Thirteen

Instead of joining Harriet at the police station, I instead returned home to retrieve Benjamin and search for Miles with his particular skill set. The mastiff’s nose and magic were much more suited to finding someone trying to hide than my ability to uncover answers to questions those I spoke to didn’t necessarily want revealed. It made me miss Elias even more, though that spike of sadness dissipated as I paused near my mailbox at the end of the lane, noting the little red flag standing at attention.
How peculiar, though I was familiar with the symbolism and opened the small hatch to find a letter inside. Quaint and rather pleasing, this delivery of some mundane offering, though it felt weighty on one end like it contained more than paper, the heavy parchment of the envelope bearing only my address in careful and precise letters.
I carried it inside, setting it on the counter as Benjamin hurried to greet me, hugging the mastiff, kissing the top of his head. Noted the return of Conscio and Caprice, the pair snuggled together on the back of the new sofa, heads tucked under one another’s wings, muttering in their sleep as they dreamed raven dreams.
We left without waking the birds, my mastiff following me out to the lane, the leash I carried in my hand merely an affectation as was the thick, black collar he wore. Not that Benjamin minded either. They bothered me more than they’d ever trouble him, of course. Still rankled anyone would ever think he was so ill-behaved he required harnessing. Not to mention, if Benjamin wanted to run off? I’d have to use magic to stop him and even that would be a challenge.
“You’re troubled, Mother,” he said, keeping his voice low as we walked back toward town.
“I am,” I said. And filled him in on everything I’d learned, including about the new body and Mavis’ worries about Riley Gray.
“Should we seek out Miles Williams now?” Benjamin’s words faded into a soft grumble as one of the locals strode past, headphones in her ears, arms pumping, waving her enthusiastic greeting while giving my mastiff side-eye.
My plan to do so had gone to the wayside as I’d told him what I knew. “I think I’d like to find out more about Riley and her brother first,” I said. “If Miles was framed, perhaps Brian Gray might have information that can assist in finding who really killed his sister and injured him so greatly.”
You have suspects in mind, Benjamin sent as we passed the crossroads and entered the end of the main street. Athens Avenue, while not packed by any means, had enough pedestrian traffic his outside voice would draw far more attention than we needed.
I do, I sent. Though what really happened that night I’m not sure yet. However, if I’m correct and the deaths are linked to Riley’s death, there’s a good chance Miles Williams only came back to Whitewitch Island for revenge.
Poor Sam, Benjamin sighed both in my head and out loud, a giant inhale and exhale that made the three young men we walked past at that moment all lean away from my huge dog. He’s very innocent and kind, isn’t he?
Look who’s talking, I thought, though Benjamin had seen more than his share of death and destruction, he’d always maintained his sweet nature. And poor Sam indeed. I wasn’t going to have that conversation with my mastiff, thank you, intelligent or not. Up for a visit to the Gray family?
Whatever you need, Mother, Benjamin panted a happy smile at me. You feel better. Are you better, Mother? With something to do? He grumbled a happy little sound. I like having something to do. Not crying. Or fighting tears. Not. Shall we ask Harriet to come, Mother? Benjamin crossed the street as I guided him, heading for the other side of town and the Gray’s house.
Not just yet, I sent. I want to look into this myself before I’m forced to make her face the fact that people she’s known her whole life have been covering up the truth.
You’re so wise and caring, Mother, he sent. I’m so glad you saved me.
Legion and stars, he needed to stop doing that, or I’d burst into tears in the middle of Circe.
It didn’t take long to reach the residence in question, their address simple enough to locate thanks to the local town directory I accessed on my phone. Mind you, magic was a huge help, drawing me with a thin thread of light only Benjamin and I could see, our casual pace carrying us to our destination in less than ten minutes.
I paused outside the rather rundown bungalow, noting the fading yellow paint on the exterior, the chipped white around the front door, rust cutting through once crisp black ironworks that decorated the porch. One of the black shutters had fallen free, propped up against the concrete foundation, partially hidden by an overgrown shrub, the grass in need of mowing and gravel path more green than stone. But it was the miasma of sorrow that hovered in an oppressive cloud around the house that caught my attention and slowed my pace to a standstill, the light string guide flickering out of view when I released it, frowning into the abiding grief that had engulfed this place with its somber melancholy.
Sadness lives here, too, Benjamin whispered in my head.
He could say that again.
I almost didn’t bother disturbing the Grays, their deep-seated grief nearly enough to send me away. I could only imagine those they used to love and care about no longer visited, that their underdeveloped intuitions drove them from this place and left the Grays in their hurt and pain. But I had questions and my curiosity had always been stronger than my self-preservation, part of the reason I made a good inquisitor.
I was knocking on the front door before I realized Benjamin and I had passed through the rickety gate, my mouth suddenly dry and skin feeling tight, no magic here but a warding spell cast regardless, that of a family unwilling to come to terms with what happened to them and who lived in blame and guilt and anger every moment of their lives.
When the inside door cracked open, a rusting screen between us, the woman on the other side peering at me with a lack of interest, I again second-guessed this decision before offering a small, kind smile.
“Mrs. Gray?” She glanced down at Benjamin who’d sat down, panting and grinning and doing his best to look innocent, though she didn’t react with fear to his presence. “My name is Georgia Drake. I was hoping I could talk to you and your husband.” She blinked slowly at me. “Mrs. Gray, I’m so sorry to bother you, but it’s about Riley.”
That caught her attention. She eased the inner door open further, staring at me through the dirty screen between us.
“What about Riley?” Her voice sounded dusty, disused like she’d barely spoken over a whisper in years. But she cleared her throat, tried again, stronger this time, some of the heaviness over her lifting, if not from the house itself. “How do you know my daughter?”
“Mona?” He shuffled into view behind her, looking up and meeting my eyes. While she existed in pure grief and loss, he lived for dull rage smothered by shame. Did he blame his daughter for her death? “Who are you? What do you want?”
“Mr. Gray,” I said. “I’m working with Sheriff Quinn on the murders. I was hoping to talk to you about Riley.”
“What does that have to do with those boys dying?” He’d already dismissed me. I could see it on his face. Along with the kind of rage that I’d seen precede murder. He’d lived too long in hate to keep it from surfacing, it seemed.
But she was still with me. “Fred,” Mona Gray said in that dull tone, “she has information about Riles.”
He swayed, the barest glimmer of something I could just sense as hope rising before he crushed it under that resurgence of vitriol and intense anguish fed by pure and powerful rage. Before he turned his back, shuffling further into the dim house.
“Nothing to say about that,” he grumbled.
She glanced back over her shoulder, then up at me again. “Come in, please.” Mona Gray stepped back, letting me inside, her thin, pale hands fluttering in front of her dressing gown though it was almost noon, skinny calves and ankles disappearing into worn, brown slippers. “Forgive the mess,” she said, leading me deeper into the house, past the front entry, devoid of light, wallpaper peeling in places, the cracked linoleum floor unswept, Benjamin padding along next to me. We bypassed the living room with its deep shag carpet that smelled of mildew and beer, curtains drawn across the plate glass window, and entered the small kitchen, Mona gesturing for me to join her at the tiny table. I sank into the plastic seat, one hand on Benjamin’s shoulder as he settled next to me, the woman’s sunken eyes now dark pits as the lack of light gave her a ghastly cast of color to her skin.
“Can I offer you tea?” I waved off the kindness with a small smile.
“Thank you,” I said, “but I’m not here to trouble you for refreshment.” She sat across from me, clutching her dressing gown closed at the throat, her long, graying hair in a messy bun at the nape of her neck, free hand settling on her chest, giving me a clear view of her torn and tattered cuticles. She licked her dry lips, glancing again with that furtive and pained anxiety down the hall toward the living room before nodding.
“What did you want to know?” Mona huddled in her misery. “Or did you really have something to tell me?”
I hesitated while Benny stood and leaned toward her, laying his huge head in her lap. Her startled expression made me smile, all of her grief and agony leaving her in that shining moment when the dear mastiff looked up at her with those soulful eyes and nudged her for pats.
She did, dropping both hands to his soft face, stroking his full ears, tears welling and spilling down her cheeks to land on his fur. He held very still and quiet and took on her sorrow, my amazing friend, until Mona Gray looked up at me, sniffling and actually smiling, if just a little.
“He’s lovely,” she said.
“Benjamin is a good boy,” I said. “I can only imagine what you’ve been through the last twenty years, Mrs. Gray. Especially with Miles Williams returning after all this time.”
She flinched a little but kept petting Benjamin and nodded. “I went to see him once.” Her whisper was back, but I had a feeling it had more to do with her husband overhearing than it did her lack of ability to maintain volume. “In prison, that horrible place.” Amazing she retained any kind of empathy for others considering her own hurts. “He always said he was innocent.” Her sunken eyes blinked. “Is he?”
The last thing I wanted was to upset her. Of course, she deserved the truth when the time came. But I wasn’t here to tell her what I guessed. My real goal was Brian.
“I know your son’s trauma was immense,” I said. “But I was hoping you’d let me see him.” I gestured at Benjamin who still hadn’t moved, tail wagging slowly back and forth. “As you can see, my mastiff has a rather remarkable way of reaching people.” She nodded at that, smiling down at him, still crying. “If Brian has remembered anything at all from that night…”
Mona sighed deeply, shrugged her thin shoulders under the pilled pink of her fleece dressing gown, the fabric long ago worn to dinginess no washing would remove. “If you think it will help,” she said. “But Brian…” she choked a moment, then cleared her throat. Stood abruptly, hand on Benjamin’s head. “This way.”
She led us through the first door on the left, opening it and stepping through without bothering to check if we’d followed, though Benjamin remained at her side, panting softly. I held back, waited for him to do his magic, both physically and with that distinctive connection of which he was capable, though the moment my eyes adjusted to the dark room, more curtains, more neglect, I realized this effort was more than likely in vain.
Benjamin sat at the foot of the bulky wheelchair, nose exploring the small, shriveled and bent fingers in the lap of the twisted man who sat there, mouth agape, eyes staring forward as his wasted body leaned distinctly to the left.
There would be no information from Brian Gray, and now the true source of the darkness that surrounded this home made itself known. Perhaps if he, too, had passed that night, if he’d joined his sister in death, his parents would have been able to grieve and perhaps move past the crushing pain of that loss. Instead, for the last twenty years, they’d cared for the remains of the boy they loved to the best of their ability while he sat, trapped and lost, in the shell of who he had been.
I almost thanked her and left, just hurried out and abandoned this idea altogether. The utter crushing weight of being in that room with Mona and her guilt had a power to it, unlike the magic I was used to. I’d known sorrow, but nothing like this.
To my surprise, however, Benjamin came through for me regardless of my doubts. Instead of laying his head in Brian’s lap, he licked the man’s face, gently on both cheeks, before nuzzling his silent hands with that wet nose, rumbling a soft, grumbly chuff of encouragement.
And Brian reacted. Hummed almost immediately, hands wriggling in his lap, pressing against Benjamin’s fur, a smile lifting one corner of his mouth, eyes coming alight.
Mona wept. Turned away and cried into her hands while I reached out and held her and was suddenly grateful—even if this didn’t help me find out what happened to his sister—that I’d brought Benjamin to Brian even if it only helped a little.
His mother pulled away from me, smiling herself again, while Brian’s activity grew, hands managing to lift and settle on the mastiff’s fur while my dog encouraged the attention with the gentleness that was his signature.
He can’t remember anything, Mother, Benjamin sent, voice sad. But he’s happy I’m here. He looked over his shoulder at me, panting his joy. That’s good, isn’t it? I made him happy?
You make us all happy, Benny, I sent while sorting through my magic. Surely there was a way to help, some power I could use to heal him, to bring him back—even just a little more—to his mother.
But there was nothing there, nothing to hold onto. No glimmer of the accident, at least, that took his sister and his future. Just joy. Joy in Benny.
And that was going to have to be enough.

***

Chapter Fourteen

I waved to Mavis who hustled toward me like her life depended on it, side-stepping a pair of young women who giggled as she grunted her way past them to drop herself into the seat across from me. I pushed the pre-ordered coffee toward her, Benjamin moving in for some pats as the retired necromancer sighed her delight at her first long drink of java despite the warmth of the day on the sunny patio outside the local coffee shop.
I saluted her with my ice cappuccino, Benjamin already finished with his donut and bowl of water the lovely baristas supplied him after giving him copious hugs and kisses. Giant black dog or not, women loved him for the most part and the local girls here in Circe were no exception.
Mavis sat back with a long exhale, her skin pink and fighting the tan I knew I was already beginning to sport, silver curls wavering in the thin breeze, scent from the lovely flowers climbing a nearby trellis making me smile despite the reason for the meeting. Two deaths aside, Whitewitch Island was no slouch when it came to a welcoming feeling I hadn’t expected but rather enjoyed even if the only other magic user in the place was a grumpy-on-the-outside, focused-and-intense-on-the-inside retired thaumaturge.
I could choose worse companions.
“Next time we meet at your house,” she grunted over the lip of her plastic coffee cover. “I want to meet those ravens of yours. Seen them flying last evening, the pair of them, having a sport of a go over the water.” Mavis grinned at me suddenly. “Nice having some of us around after all this time.”
“How long have you lived here?” I almost tagged that question with, “And why Whitewitch Island?” Instead, I let her answer.
And wasn’t disappointed. “About ten years now,” she said. “Got tired of guild politics, you know the business.” I nodded. “My husband died.” She shrugged like it was nothing to her anymore, but I felt better, the faint hurt remaining though she did a good job hiding it. Benjamin immediately nuzzled her for pats, a sign he sensed it too and she didn’t argue with him, stroking his fur in long sweeps of her free hand. “The old fool, he was an alchemist. Working on a new chemical compound for Guild Ares.” The war guild? Interesting. “Blew up in his face.” She shook her head, mouth turning down just a little. “At least he didn’t suffer.”
So matter of fact. And prompted me to speak when I hadn’t meant to. “I know your pain, sister,” I said. Stopped. I hadn’t talked to anyone about Elias, not the Guild redactors who’d tried to see into my head, not my family. Just Benjamin and the ravens, because they’d been there. And even they only knew what they knew.
Mavis nodded a ponderous motion of her head. “I figured as much,” she said. Squinted at me. “You’re that inquisitor, aren’t you? Came up against the enemy. Lost your hunter.”
I nodded, and swallowed twice to wash away the tightness in my throat.
“This place.” The elements bless her for changing the subject. Mavis waved her patting hand around to take in the town and the island before resuming her Benjamin love. “There’s something about it that appeals to me. No magic, not like us. But it has a magic of its own, I think.” Her faraway gaze snapped back to me. “When the old ME retired I kind of just…” she’d set her coffee down, spread both hands, grinned then ruffled Benjamin’s ears. “Normal people are so much more fun than our kind.”
I set my own drink aside, and though I appreciated the small talk and the sharing, I had important things on my mind. Mavis must have known it because her face settled while I spoke.
“There’s no doubt in me, Riley Gray’s death hides a secret,” I said.
Mavis spun her cup before answering. “We could ask to exhume.”
I’d considered it. “Perhaps something a little less invasive?” What I suggested, while not exactly illegal since the subject was dead, still skirted a thin line between let’s do it and hang on a second.
If Mavis agreed with my assessment, however, she didn’t show it, wicked smirk surfacing. “Necromancy,” she rumbled under her breath. “I haven’t had reason to raise anyone in an age.” She winked. “You’re right. We shouldn’t disturb the normals with this.” Was she actually excited? Her smile was infectious, even Benny panting his happiness, standing back to grin at her. “Tonight?”
While we could have attempted it in the daylight, since both of us had necromancer abilities, the dead of night was much more appealing, if only to keep the locals from asking questions.
“I’m not even sure if this has anything to do with what’s going on.” There was my doubt again. Elias would have teased me for letting it come to the forefront. “I might be wasting our time.”
“Or, at the very least,” Mavis said, leaning forward, voice and gaze intense, “you’re uncovering a lie that’s plagued this town for twenty years. The truth outs, Georgia. You know that better than most. Lies can only hide for so long before their rot eats away at the space containing them.” I did know. Guilt and shame were my two best tools when it came to inquisition. “They might not be grateful for the outcome, but this town and this island and everyone who lives here will be better for the truth.”
That I agreed with. Solving the old mystery might not resolve the new ones, but I could at least bring some justice to Riley and Brian and maybe just a little peace to her family.
“You’re wasted on this place,” Mavis said suddenly, grin flashing darker. “But I’m glad to have you, Georgia Drake. Even if only for a little while.”
“You have foresight or something?” I fully intended to stay, after all. At least, as long as I dared before moving on. Then again, Mavis managed ten years, so maybe that meant I could make this my forever home.
“Just a hunch and instincts I trust,” the retired necromancer said. “That family of yours won’t take no for an answer forever and there are bigger things in the future for someone like you.”
I shivered, goosebumps rising, before shaking my head at her. “Stop that.”
She flicked her fingers at me. “Truth outs itself,” Mavis repeated. Then sat back again, her jovial good nature returning. “In the meantime, before some Guild Hades or Nemesis or Forum elite show up to drag you back home to your destiny, I’m going to enjoy your company.” She saluted with what was left of her coffee before setting it down with a solid thump and heaving herself to her feet. Paused, expression darkening. “You saw him, didn’t you?”
That question was so unexpected, I nodded. Then flinched from the memory.
—blast of heated power, bowing the trees, throwing me back—
—his face, hovering over mine, the darkness, the devouring black—
Mavis took her turn shuddering. “I’ve seen his victims,” she whispered then, not meeting my eyes, staring down at the table, one hand resting there. “Dealt with the aftermath.” She finally looked up again, the ghost of what she’d witnessed in her pale gaze. “You survived, Georgia. That’s something.” Mavis turned then and walked away, leaving me to shiver in the warm afternoon sun, heart pounding and the memories of that night clinging to me like evil children wanting embraces that would lead me back into the black.
A black I’d escaped once but knew would keep me if I let it take me again.
Mother. Benjamin saved me. Benjamin always saved me. I jerked out of the silent moment teetering on the edge of the dark and reached for him, kissing his forehead, pressing my cheek there, breathing his scent and the flowery California afternoon before I finally felt like myself again.
I’ll never let you go, Mother, Benjamin said. I’m here for you. Please, don’t try to leave me again.
If he only knew. I didn’t want to. But sometimes… Elias’ laughter called me to the dark and I wasn’t sure I’d always be strong enough to resist.
With a firm shove to the chair beneath me, I stood and exited the cafe, leaving the past behind.
For now.

***

Chapter Fifteen

Thankfully, I not only had the giant mastiff as a distraction, but the case at hand and, now that I’d met the Gray family and was fairly certain—even without the final verdict we’d hopefully find at the graveyard tonight—Miles Williams had nothing to do with Riley’s death and Brian’s injuries, it was time to track down the man everyone thought was a killer and uncover if prison and vengeance had made the townsfolk right, if only recently.
I checked in with Harriet, of course, though only by phone.
“None of them seem to know anything,” she said of the dead men’s friends. “And they all have alibis for the deaths, so I let them go.”
“Is Austin Cooper still giving you difficulties?” I unleashed Benjamin, letting him set the pace and the direction, leaving from Tommy’s cottage where he’d confirmed he’d relocated the scent of our quarry on some of the tools left behind at the reno. While I was sure Benjamin hadn’t needed such a reminder, it didn’t hurt to give him something to do and think about while I fought off my own demons. Working made him happy, after all, and distracted him sufficiently I could wall myself off and not worry him.
“He’s trying,” Harriet said, sounding like it came through a grimace. “Boy, did you piss him off earlier.” Her chuckle had genuine amusement in it, even a little wonder. “Thanks for that. The man’s fit to be tied, thanks to you. Never saw Austin Cooper at a loss for words before, especially not in front of a woman he thought he could intimidate.” Again with the chuckle, wicked this time. “You’re going to have to teach me how to do that, Georgia.”
“You’re a fast learner, Harriet,” I said as Benjamin led me at a steady walk—not a stroll but hardly a trot, either—back toward the road where we’d visited the dilapidated trailer. “I have every confidence you know exactly what to do from here on in.”
“Thank you,” she said, sounding startled. “I’m heading out to look for Miles. You want to join?”
“Benny and I are doing that very thing,” I said, crossing the road toward the long lane that led to the trailer. “I’ll keep you posted if we find anything.”
“I can come with?” Wistful, that question, almost yearning. “I’m pretty good at tracking.”
“I’m sure the locals would be much happier seeing you searching more visible places,” I said. Not that I didn’t want her with us, but Benjamin’s skills sometimes required magic and that meant no normal human observers.
“You’re right,” she said. Sighed. “Let me know if you track him down. Say hi to Benny for me.”
I grinned at the dog who swung his head toward me. His acute hearing meant he’d heard her hello and he panted a quick grin back. “Will do. I’ll call you shortly.” And hung up before tucking my phone away. “Anything?”
He grumbled a moment, not in protest but in query, his huffing chuffs as familiar as his voice. “I sense him,” he said. “But he’s good at hiding, Mother.” Benjamin chuckled. “I’m better.”
“Of course, you are, sweet boy,” I said. “Let’s check the trailer anyway and see what we can find without Harriet around.”
“She’s really nice,” he said, “but I like hunting with you again, Mother.”
I didn’t comment on that. I couldn’t get past the lump in my throat.
By the time we entered the clearing where the run-down trailer squatted in the weeds, I knew I was only holding the mastiff back.
“Go see what you can find,” I said, sending him off. He tossed his big head before spinning and running off into the woods, heart and mind still tied to mine, while I circled the trailer, considering going back inside for a more thorough search.
Just as Benjamin stopped and called for me. Mother, I found something.
It took me a few minutes to make my way to him, cutting through the brush with power as gently as I could, restoring the way on my trip through in a sigh of natural magic. By the time I reached him, he’d cleared away the front end of what looked like a rusted car, brambles and vines climbing the bonnet and over the roof. Benjamin stepped back, spitting twigs from his mouth, while I waved away the vegetation, greenery retreating from my power, sliding free of the small sedan and collapsing to the ground around it.
“This is old,” Benjamin said, “but it smells like Miles.”
Felt like him, too, but an old version of him, the ghost of who he’d been a long time ago. I leaned in after using magic to force the busted driver’s side door, took note of a faded photograph on the dash, and floated it to me with a soft breath of wind. A lovely young woman smiled back, arm around a teen version of Miles Williams, and, on the back, scrawled in black ink turned gray from time: Miles and Riles Forever.
“There’s old blood here, Mother.” Benjamin leaned in past me, nose pointing at the passenger’s seat. Female, though too old for me to identify. And the back, covered as well, the worn upholstery blackened by it. Male and familiar. “Brian,” the mastiff whispered before whimpering and backing away. “This was the car, Mother,” he said. “But why is it out here?”
“Maybe Miles decided to hide it before he went to prison,” I said. Scowled at the outline, the intact windshield, the lack of impact marks on the inside. “There’s no way Riley and Brian were in an accident in this car, Benjamin.”
“Especially without those seatbelt thingies,” he growled then. “Aren’t they supposed to keep you from getting hurt? They were hurt, Mother. Badly.”
“But not in this car.” I pointed at the windshield. “Riley would have gone through that if she’d been unbelted. Brian, too.” I circled the car, looked at the bumper. “Where’s the impact point?” If they’d been in an accident, if they’d struck something with enough force to kill Riley and injure Brian, where was the damage? “That kind of stopping force would have left the car unable to drive.” So how had Miles gotten them to the hospital in it?
I stood back, Benjamin panting next to me, extended my hands. Whispered to the past, asked Mnemosyne a boon. Knew it might not work, since I no longer carried the credentials of Artemis. Was surprised and a little touched when the goddess answered anyway.
Showed me the glimpse I needed, of Miles, his young face frozen in terror, Riley collapsed on the seat beside him, Brian laid out in the back, an instant in time that flickered and was gone so quickly it barely registered.
That was all I needed.
Benjamin growled low and deep, his rare anger surfacing. “Mother,” he rumbled. “Miles Williams told the truth.”
“He did, Benny,” I said, just as angry. “And I have a feeling he wasn’t the one who hid this car.” I reached for her again, but the goddess had moved on, Mnemosyne’s attention span flighty and my own control waning.
Didn’t matter. Except this was more proof, wasn’t it? That perhaps Miles hadn’t killed Riley but was back to seek vengeance against those who harmed her and her brother.
Which meant Nick Parks and Jim Collins had something to do with it.
And I knew just who would want to cover it up.
“Let’s go see Harriet, Benny,” I said. “The former sheriff of Whitewitch Island has some explaining to do.”

***

Chapter Sixteen

Benjamin’s soft growl warned me ahead of time even before I pulled open the glass door to the sheriff’s office, though my own senses picked up the stirring conflict only a heartbeat after my mastiff. I shortened his leash if only to give the perception of being in control while the towering and obnoxious former sheriff of Whitewitch Island chewed my new friend a new one.
“And another thing,” he was shouting at pretty much full volume now, more for my benefit, I imagine, than Harriet’s, spotting me as I entered and heightening his presence via overpowering tone and delivery, “including some unknown so-called detective,” definitely for my benefit, “to interfere with our business is asking for trouble from council, Harriet.”
There had been a time not so long ago I worried she was unable to stand up to him with any sort of confidence, Harriet’s initial reaction to Austin Cooper giving me the impression his intimidation tactics worked on her far better than they should have. However, as she glared up at him, fists on her hips, her cheeks red with anger, I saw the shift in her attitude, her posture and her entire being through the pulsing rejection of his bullying across her humming aura.
“You listen to me, Austin Cooper,” she snapped back, shaking an index finger at him and closing the distance, poking him in his substantial belly. “You might have been sheriff once, but you’re not anymore. You retired, in case you forgot, you big buffoon, and if you try one more time to poke your nose into an investigation that you have personal and family connection to, I’ll call the state troopers in to charge you with obstruction.”
Well now, that was impressive, and even seemed to take him aback, if only for a moment. Unfortunately, Harriet had given in to him far too many times, I could only guess, for him to stand down so easily.
Should we help her, Mother? Benjamin’s soft growl came and went in a breath.
Let’s see how she handles this, I sent back, holding my own ground but doing nothing to interfere. This wasn’t my home, not really. Not yet. Harriet had her history to deal with and old assumptions to wrangle. I had no intention of undercutting her further by speaking up but hoped my presence—and my mastiff’s—would give her the supportive silence she needed to do what was best for Harriet.
Namely, take her job on fully and put that man child in his place at last.
“I have a right to know what you intend to do about the deaths of those boys,” Austin grumbled.
“Those boys,” Harriet said, “are grown men with lives of their own, and aside from your own son,” she jabbed him again, with zero hesitation using that pointy finger on his person, “you have no right to ask about anything, and you know it. Now, get out of my office, Austin. And keep your nose out of my investigation or I swear there’ll be consequences you won’t like.”
He glanced my way, scowl firmly in place, but I could see he’d been defeated, at least by her. My turn next, apparently, as he strode toward me, jaw set, jowls swinging.
“I hear you been bothering the Gray family,” he snarled at me, now planting himself in my path. Benjamin immediately growled again, louder this time. Only then did the former sheriff seem to notice I had the mastiff with me, though Austin’s expression turned from a flash of fear to resentful disdain in an instant. “That creature bites me, I’ll put him down myself.”
“He’s a trained protector,” I returned mildly, though if he tried to touch Benjamin? I’d be using so much magic to take him down I’d be in the gulag before nightfall. Worth it. “He senses a threat.” I glanced down at Benjamin, rubbed the top of his head, then returned my flat gaze to the big man in front of me. “Is he right, Mr. Cooper? Are you threatening me?”
He backed off then, though only by a half step, that resentment growing. Twice defeated, he wasn’t going to go down easily. “You got no business—”
“I was asked, as a fellow law-enforcement professional and investigator, to assist in the matter,” I said. “As your sheriff,” oh yes, I did throw that in his face, “obviously informed you. That being said, Mr. Cooper, I have questions for you about Riley Gray’s accident.”
His flinch was immediate and telling. I had a number of guesses yet to confirm, but he’d just given me cause to believe I was on the right track. Something he tried to cover with bluster, naturally, because he was that type.
“Why are you digging up old cases?” He spun on Harriet then who’d come to join us but, like I had, kept her distance enough to allow me to handle my own business. We’d get along just fine. “Someone said that ME was asking about the autopsy.”
“There are questions, Mr. Cooper,” I said. That made him turn back to me, as I let the silence stretch a long and uncomfortable (for him) moment before going on. “About the viability of the autopsy’s findings. Namely, whether the young woman in question was injured by some other means.”
There it was, the twitch, the panic. He knew and he knew I knew, too.
I know it was wrong, but I loved this part of the job so much.
“I’ve told Tommy he should be getting a lawyer,” Harriet finally interjected. Austin glared at her, though the antagonism was gone, leaving behind a rather nasty feeling of cunning I didn’t trust. “And if something was off about that girl’s death, Austin, and you knew about it? You’d best be getting yourself one, too.”
He flinched, opened his mouth as if to argue. Then spun and headed for the door. Defeated at last. Which only made him more dangerous, in my estimation. I stepped aside, head up, unable to control the faint smirk I know lifted my lips, too much time spent with Elias not to find this entire situation cynically amusing. Austin should have been glad my partner wasn’t here. He’d have sent the older man on with a wisecrack that would burn for weeks.
I turned to nod to Harriet who joined me with a huffing sigh, though she seemed pleased enough with the outcome of her conversation. Instead of drawing further attention—two deputies and the receptionist behind the desk across from me did their best to hide their stares—to what transpired, I instead decided to share what I’d learned.
“My office,” Harriet said, leading the way. By the time she closed the door behind me and my dog, she was giggling with a hint of hysteria. “My stars, that was fun.” Her eyes glittered with good humor, small hands covering her mouth as though in an attempt to contain her snorting laughter. “I’ll pay for it, Georgia, but that was awesome.”
I let her have her happy moment, sitting across from her desk, Benjamin panting his own grin at her joy. “You do realize someone like him will find ways to make your life uncomfortable.” She nodded, sighing again, sitting at her desk while I went on. “Let him try, Harriet. He knows you won. Just watch your back.”
“Thanks,” she said, leaning both elbows on the desk, face serious again, hazel eyes narrowed. “I get that. But it’s been coming for a long time, make no mistake. I’m just happy I finally stood up to the old jack post.” She sat back then, expression telling me there was history between them that had nothing to do with this case, old hurts she still carried. She covered quickly, however, shifting to curiosity. “I take it you found something? But not Miles Williams.”
“Not Miles, not yet,” I said. “However, there is something you’re going to want to see and I’m not sure if it makes things worse or better for him.”
She stood, grabbed her hat. “I’ll drive.”
I stepped out into the sunlight, Benjamin at my side, Harriet on my heels, noting that Austin Cooper hadn’t gone far, was talking in animated anger with a pair of people I didn’t know. The sheriff winced, nervousness back.
“Town council members,” she said. “Austin’s going to do his best to get rid of me.”
“Let him try,” I said. “I have a feeling Austin Cooper is going to be handling his own batch of troubles in very short order and won’t have time to do anything but defend himself in court.”
Harriet didn’t get to respond. A shout from across the street had us both looking over at the brick building, the local bank’s height looming over the one-story police station.
And up.
While Benjamin howled and jerked on the leash in my hand, racing for the other sidewalk, but far too late to save the man who’d cried out. And now plummeted to the pavement below. Landing rather dramatically on the roof of a parked car with a shattering crash.
But that wasn’t the most impactful part (no pun intended) for me, nor that it was Charlie Jackson who’d done the falling from the four-story building to his obvious death.
No, it was the sight above, the man leaning over the edge, looking down at the scene before running off who had my attention.
Miles Williams had a lot of explaining to do.

***

Chapter Seventeen

Mavis joined us as the EMTs loaded what was left of Charlie Jackson into the back of the ambulance, the imprint of his fallen body embedded in the roof of the car now being hooked up to a tow truck for removal to the sheriff’s impound yard. Not that any sort of forensics investigation was necessary to prove the cause of death, mind you. His sudden and graceless stop, witnessed by more than a few Circe residents, answered the how.
That left the why, however. A why I could no longer deny had to be connected to Miles Williams and, in logical leaps, the fact he was more than likely innocent of manslaughter twenty years ago. If not the last few days.
Benjamin had returned to me, though not of his own accord. Just my luck, when the mastiff had run off at my order to follow Miles, a deputy had been stepping out of his cruiser and nabbed the mastiff’s leash. Since we’d talked about what to do if a normal treated him like a regular animal and not the sentient being he was, Benjamin did what I’d instructed him to do and obeyed immediately.
Frustrating and irritating, but he was a good boy and though my second order could have overwritten the first, he’d chosen to do the right thing regardless of my irritation at the young deputy who delivered the panting and obedient dog to my possession.
I’m so sorry, Mother, Benjamin had sent, visibly agitated, whining softly as he ducked his head. You said I should always let normal humans know I’m not dangerous.
You were perfect, Benny, I sent back, stroking his ears while sighing over the fact we’d lost the chance to catch Miles before he ran again. Because while Harriet immediately sent some of her deputies in pursuit—including the one who’d had the bad timing to catch Benjamin—I was fairly certain they’d fail to locate the man who’d been evading capture since the first death.
Was that only last night?
Normal humans certainly didn’t waste any time doing away with one another when the opportunity arose.
“I’ll spare you the mess,” the necromancer ME said, “but COD is pretty obvious.” She looked up, squinting at the rooftop. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but wasn’t Charlie Jackson afraid of heights?”
Harriet nodded, glum and grim. “He fell out of a hayloft when we were kids,” she said. “Broke his leg and hated them ever since.”
Mavis grunted softly. “Didn’t I hear he freaked out at the county fair last year when someone talked him into riding the Ferris wheel?”
Again with that sad and frustrated head bob from the sheriff. A crowd had begun to assemble, the white barricades Harriet’s remaining deputy set up to keep people back doing little to prevent residents and tourists alike from viewing the scene. She grimaced at the chattering assembly, the two council members I’d seen talking with Austin Cooper still with him, though he’d decided to simply stand there and glower instead of trying to interfere, so hopefully, that was a good sign and not the portent of some impending doom as yet uncovered.
Harriet clearly disapproved, her anger showing in her pinched grimace. “Everyone knew Charlie hated heights,” she said.
“Including Miles?” I had to bring it up.
“Of course,” she snapped, then corrected herself, one hand held out as an apology. “We both saw him, Georgia,” she said then, looking up. I couldn’t help but do the same, Mavis mimicking us. “He was up there with Charlie.”
Agreed. “And yet, how could he have lured the victim to the roof,” I said, knowing playing demon’s defender wasn’t what Harriet wanted at the moment but unable to stop the question from coming, “if Charlie Jackson was not only afraid of heights but knew it was Miles Williams who summoned him there? Surely, he would have suspected an attempt at foul play considering the loss of his two friends.”
“Not if Miles lied about who he was,” Harriet said while I nodded, because of course I’d thought of that.
“And yet,” I said, “since it seems all of the victims have fallen prey to the very phobias that terrified them, would Charlie not have suspected he was next?” I shook my head, Benjamin growling his agreement in my head. “If it was me, I’d have refused to participate. So, unless he had a death wish or some other motive, what could possibly have led Charlie Jackson to the fourth-floor roof and its edge?”
“I’ll check the tox panel,” Mavis said. “It’s possible he could have been drugged.”
“And dragged to the roof?” I didn’t mean to scoff, but even Harriet was frowning at that. “In the middle of the day? Without being noticed?”
She shrugged at me, the ME’s little frown not aimed at my prodding, I could sense, but at the mystery at hand. “True,” she said. “Not to mention if anyone saw Miles Williams lugging Charlie around…” she left it at that because she didn’t need to finish.
Enough people in town—the majority, in fact—believed Miles was guilty so anyone who’d spotted such a sight would have pounced on him or at least alerted the authorities. Small towns weren’t known for their residents minding their own business.
“Something or someone had enough influence to lure Charlie to a rooftop despite his fear,” I said. “Who or what would have that kind of power over him?”
Neither of my companions answered, Benjamin humming softly in my head as he, too, thought it over with no result.
“Doc?” One of the EMTs approached, his young, handsome face a bit pale, I could only guess, from the task he and his partner just completed. He handed Mavis a cell phone, miraculously undamaged, his blue latex gloves a match for the ones she still wore. “Found it in his pocket.” He nodded to Harriet and then me before returning to the ambulance.
Mavis pressed the side button, the phone coming to life. “Password protected,” she said while handing a glove to Harriet. The sheriff used it like a tissue, handling the phone carefully.
“I’ll ask his wife if she knows the code,” she said. “Poor Sue.” Those two words brought me back from the logical and critical edge, a reminder these weren’t just corpses and victims, they were people, something I’d had to learn to forget during my time as an inquisitor. And yet, it seemed far too familiar a sentiment on Whitewitch Island. How many people, how many times, had used that reference when talking about local tragedy? Getting attached to the dead and their loved ones muddied my thinking, though I couldn’t suppress the empathetic surge that came as I realized how hard this had to be for Harriet and even Mavis who’d made her life here.
The sheriff’s shoulder mic squawked, deputies reporting in. “No sign of the suspect,” the voice said.
“Keep looking,” she said into the handset before tucking the victim’s phone into a plastic bag Mavis provided. “I’ll call Sue and look at his history,” she said, face now dark and sad. “Maybe there’s some proof on here of why he was up there.” She didn’t look to the roof this time, jaw jumping. “Meanwhile, I guess I’d better put Luke and Tommy under protective detail.”
I didn’t comment, let her go, Mavis, too, while I held Benjamin close by his leash, heart heavy for them both, surprising me.
Mother, Benjamin said, can we go hunting now?
Tempting, but I still had to know the truth before I’d commit to anything. With Harriet protecting the last two friends—men who more than likely were the real reason Riley Gray died—I could afford to wait. And, honestly, part of me resisted doing anything to safeguard Luke and Tommy if they had been behind the young woman’s passing and her brother’s infirmity.
Elias would have left them to their fates. I wasn’t quite so cold, but close. Not yet, Benny, I sent back. Let the deputies do their jobs, for now. Until we have proof Mavis can provide. That meant waiting until our cemetery visit with the necromancer, only a few hours away. But call the ravens and warn them we’ll need them after dark. I had no doubt we’d be pursuing him if Harriet’s people failed to track him down.
Only then would it be time to bring Miles to justice. Even if he never received any of his own.

***

Chapter Eighteen

It was far more difficult than I anticipated to wait until darkness fell over Whitewitch Island to take further action. My return home only encouraged impatient pacing for the duration of the evening, my glaring frustration at the slowly sinking sun over the Pacific Ocean amounting to a sense of petulance I could only equate to a pending temper tantrum. Honestly, couldn’t the giant glowing ball of light just go away already? And while I could have chosen to meditate or carry on creating new items to populate my home or even return to the pursuit of evidence, I instead chose to pout over the fact this was my idea to wait until nightfall.
I’d morphed into a contrary creature, apparently, one whom Elias would have teased without mercy had he been here. Though, he had been well aware of my lack of restraint and often encouraged unbridled action in favor of waiting out the requisite time. Which meant, of course, I carried on with my plan in the dogged belligerence I’d maintained in his presence when his taunting became too much.
Yes, I missed even that most annoying of traits. His balancing presence, while sometimes bothersome to the point of triggering my temper, never failed to yield results.
The ravens returned at dusk, their arrival the last prod to my patience. I’m on my way, I sent to Mavis through mental connection alone, striding out the front door with my mastiff at my side, the soaring birds above on quiet wings ghosting us as they circled ahead to lead me on.
She didn’t answer, though I was hardly surprised to find the necromancer ME waiting for me at the gates to the local cemetery.
“Took you long enough,” she said before winking with a grin, as though knowing I was on the edge of my restraint. “This way.”
We’d barely made it past the initial line of shrubbery and trees when I realized we weren’t alone. Mavis carried on, Benjamin staying with me as I paused, a bit discomfited I’d been so trapped in my irritation I’d failed to sense the presence of others. Olive looked up from the grave where she stood, waving with a smile, my neighbor surrounded by a small group of people, each carrying what looked like an electric lantern designed to flicker like real flame. She left them for a moment to join me, smiling up at me with her own lantern held high.
“Are you here for the ghost tour?” She ruffled Benjamin’s ears. “I didn’t see you on the list.”
“I have other business,” I said, knowing how lame and vague that sounded but not sure how to justify my visit to the graveyard.
“Oh, have fun poking around,” she said like that was the most normal of possibilities. “I love this place at night.” She inhaled deeply, smiling. “So many voices.”
She wasn’t wrong, though my necromancer bloodline made it uncomfortable at times, rather than pleasant.
“I hear you’re helping Harriet.” She eye-rolled at that. “How horrible, those poor men.”
“Harriet’s doing just fine,” I said, not sure why I felt the need to defend the sheriff.
Until I caught the worry in Olive’s eyes. “Austin Cooper’s been telling everyone Harriet should never have been elected sheriff.” She shivered and tucked her colorful shawl around her. “It’s just awful, but people are believing him. There’s even some on council who want her to step aside and let him handle things.”
I’d be nipping that in the bud, believe me. At least I had confirmation he hadn’t given up his tactics, just shifted them. “When Harriet solves this,” I said. “I’m sure everyone will change their minds.” Especially when the man accusing her went to prison for interfering with an investigation.
She seemed relieved to hear it from me. “I’m sure you’re right, Georgia,” she said, glancing over her shoulder at her waiting group. “I’d best be off.” Olive waved and headed back to her clients while I took a moment and sealed the space. Mavis and I were about to practice the deathly arts, after all, and the last thing I wanted was for Olive to somehow interfere with that process. While I was certain she carried no magic, one could never be too careful.
A zombie uprising was not on the list of issues I wanted to be responsible for.
I found Mavis easily enough, though honestly, it was Benjamin who led me to her, my trust in his tracking, not even a hesitation as he guided me through the headstones to a corner of the cemetery. The rustle of wings told me the ravens had joined us, though I focused on the ground between the ME and myself where the coffin containing the young woman lay buried.
Mavis didn’t hesitate, opening both hands, palms down over the sod, her eyes narrowing as she whispered the incantation to open the doorway to the dead. While I wasn’t expecting the young woman’s soul to be present—she’d moved on twenty years ago—the echo of who she’d been might still remain. To my surprise, nothing rose, no image of her, no complaining spirit longing for justice or release. Even Mavis seemed put out, grunting faintly.
“She’s at rest,” the necromancer said, sounding like that irked her. “Oh well. We’ll do it the other way.” She gestured for me to join her in her work, though she hardly needed me, her expertise making swift work of the process as she bonded her power to mine in a thread of darkness before twisting her wrists, palms now facing up, the pale white image of the young woman’s remains flickering into being over the grass.
“Hang onto her,” Mavis said, depositing the cushion of power into my possession without warning. I shivered a little at the empty weight, the burden of nothing, the tie into the power of Hades raising goosebumps on my arms. Mavis released her end and crouched to study the image she’d built from the body beneath the surface. With a brush of her hand, she removed the thin veneer of mummification, the skin and clothing, down to the remaining tissue she then erased with another gesture, revealing the bones. She muttered over them, spinning the body on its axis, Riley Gray’s image flipping over to the right to reveal her back side before Mavis sighed and stood, taking back the connection without effort. I happily returned it to her, my necromancy one of the least favorite of my legacy talents, her grin at my reaction triggering a faint hint of embarrassment.
“No shame in it,” she said, then shrugged. “She died from an impact,” the ME went on. “From the outside, not from being thrown from a car. Someone hit her from behind.” She pointed at the girl’s broken pelvis, the shattered thigh bones. “Some kind of large vehicle, not a car. More likely a truck with some kind of grille guard attached.” She let the image flash out, crossing the grave while I shivered again, joining me on my side like she hadn’t just walked over the young woman we’d come here to discover. “No way she died the way the autopsy claimed.” She was angry enough it came through in her voice, the dim light unable to hide the grim fury on her face. “That car you found. There’s no way she was in an accident in it that would cause those kinds of injuries.”
“So, Miles was telling the truth,” I said. “He found Riley and Brian on the side of the road and drove them to the ER.”
“She was probably already dead,” Mavis said, looking down at the grave. “If the boy was smaller and just clipped… his chart said he struck his head, but there was no evidence of that, you said?”
“Just blood in the back seat,” I said.
“He must have hit his head on the pavement when he fell,” Mavis said, running a hand over her face, weariness rising from her like a wave that I softly blocked without thinking before offering her support and strength. She took it, but just a fraction, with a squeeze to my arm for thanks. “That boy went to prison for something he didn’t do, Georgia. The sheriff had to have known.”
“And has been protecting the real culprit,” I paused, sighed, “culprits for twenty years.”
“Miles must have figured out the boys were responsible,” the ME said. “Came home to avenge Riley’s death and his own incarceration.”
That made the most sense, leaps to conclusion or not, though I couldn’t protest since that scenario had lurked in the back of my mind all day. “We have no proof they actually did it,” I said.
“Maybe not,” Mavis responded, “but since when did that stop an inquisitor from finding out the truth?”
She was right. I needed to confront the two remaining survivors of their little group of friends, not to mention Austin Cooper. Why was it, then, as we left the cemetery to go talk to Harriet, I had a weird feeling I was missing something and there were still truths to come out?

***

Chapter Nineteen

Mavis and I parted ways, the ME heading for the morgue to update the autopsy file. “Let them ask me where I got the information,” she grumbled. “Just let them.”
I didn’t argue with her, letting her handle her end of things. If she wasn’t worried about magic being uncovered, I wasn’t going to be the one to bring it up. Which had me a little less concerned about my own use of power in the last few days, something that I really needed to keep a handle on regardless of Mavis and her lack of concern. It would only take one slip up of significance to put me in hot water and the ramifications—while likely not meaning my end or anything so dramatic—could give my mother the leverage she needed to “encourage” me back into the Drake family fold.
Never going to happen. Unless the choice was mine. And that would be the day Hades himself invited me to tea.
When I sought out the sheriff, I was told she’d gone to speak to Charlie Jackson’s widow. Why she’d waited so long I had no idea, though surely Sue Jackson had her reasons for holding Harriet at arm’s length, hopefully not thanks to Austin Cooper’s interference. I left the sheriff to her handling of the locals and instead chose to make some inquiries of my own to further the end Mavis and I discussed.
She was right about one thing. There wasn’t much a suspect could keep from a trained inquisitor when secrets were to be uncovered. The trouble was, since I couldn’t use magic, I had to rely on my wits and my years of experience asking the wrong questions in order to get to the right answers, something I hadn’t yet practiced on someone who wasn’t of my kind.
I could only hope my talents weren’t all magical but just as practical.
Luke Morrison answered the door himself, the rustling sound of wings above me that of the ravens settling on the eave of his home while Benjamin planted himself next to me with that big, goofy grin of his, tongue hanging out.
“Mr. Morrison,” I said, already waved through by the deputy who stood watch over the driveway. “I was hoping we could talk.”
He gestured for me to enter, though with some reluctance and it wasn’t until I was inside, my mastiff growling just a little, I realized he wasn’t alone. Silly of me to assume Luke would be and forget to check, really. I was clearly out of touch with myself and my training that I’d failed to register Tommy and Austin Cooper’s presence in the house.
The son stood by the fireplace mantle in the living room as Luke guided me through the dark front entry and into the light of that space. The veterinarian looked up at my appearance, though he didn’t scowl at me like his father did. The large ex-sheriff heaved himself up from the armchair where he’d been sitting, but I waved off his pending tirade with a single gesture before he could even draw breath.
Tommy pushed off from the mantle, his hand brushing against a silver frame. I caught a glimpse of a smiling woman next to Luke, a baby in her arms before it tipped sideways and fell. He immediately spun back and righted it, then shot an apologetic look at Luke. His friend didn’t seem to notice, hanging back, his sad eyes locked on me.
“I think you know why I’m here.” If Luke had been alone, I might have started differently. But facing the three of them—the only three remaining, I imagine, who knew what happened that night—it was go big or go home.
Tommy’s grim glance at his father answered to his own guilt, Luke barely twitching, though Austin’s reaction had confirmation written all over it.
“You’re not welcome here,” he snarled.
“Mr. Morrison,” I addressed Luke directly. “This is your home. Do you want me to leave?”
He stared at me in dull agony a moment, then shook his head. “You can stay,” he whispered.
Austin took a step toward him, but to my surprise, Tommy intervened, a hand on his father’s chest. When the veterinarian met my eyes, his own were guarded.
“I’m not sure what you’re talking about, detective,” he said.
“I found Miles Williams’ car,” I said. Let that sit for a moment, simmer with accusation and understanding, felt the three of them still, the air in the room thicken with darkness and regret, twenty-year-old remorse. When I finally spoke again, I did so without judgment, but utter confidence. “Harriet knows about it, too. And Mavis Fernsby is conducting a new autopsy.” A lie, but one that hit home, Austin’s face reddening further, fists clenched at his sides. “According to her initial findings and all the evidence I’ve seen so far, there is no possible way Riley Gray, or her brother Brian, were in a motor vehicle accident from inside Miles’ car.” Again with the long, heavy pause that only deepened the shame-filled contrition that grew like a living thing in the space of that room. “Riley was struck from behind by a large truck and died from the impact while her brother, Brian, suffered a glancing blow that led to a head injury.” They weren’t denying it, were they? They couldn’t because it was true. “The car Miles drove that night was hidden in the woods, gentlemen. Can I assume when Harriet and I go looking, we’ll also uncover the truck that you boys were driving the night you killed Riley and left her and her brother on the side of the road for Miles to find?” No verbal responses, just growing tension that had Benjamin rumbling at my side. I leaped to that conclusion without proof, however, so unless said truck did turn up… “There is sufficient cause to reopen the case,” I said then, casual, with a shrug. “The state police will be asking you all a number of questions, and I have no doubt they will draw the same conclusions I did. That being said, which of you was driving that night?” I met Luke’s gaze, but his was hollow, empty. That left Tommy, who flinched from eye contact. “Mr. Cooper,” I addressed Austin now, his florid cheeks on fire, whole body quivering with suppressed fury and enough guilt to drown a mermaid, “I’m afraid your bid to have Harriet relieved of duty will fail in the face of your own indiscretion.”
He didn’t get to argue. The taut, shadowy energy that held us in place for so long shuddered as a newcomer joined us. Harriet herself stepped past Luke, her face lined with anger, body tense, one hand on her gun butt though I wondered if she knew it.
“I’ve seen the car, Austin,” she said. “Talked to Mavis. I know what you did.” She shook just a little, her rage mixed with horror only adding to the depth and weight of the oppressive power in the room. “What happened that night? No more lies.”
It was Tommy who broke down, weeping suddenly, fighting for breaths while Luke swayed, head bowing. Only Austin remained rigidly defiant as his son blurted the truth we already knew.
“We were drunk.” He met Harriet’s gaze, then mine, a desperate need in him for us to understand. “It was stupid, I shouldn’t have been driving. I knew better.” Tommy’s fists impacted his thighs in loud thuds.
“Shut up, boy,” his father snarled.
But Tommy was done with twenty years of hiding. “I can’t, Dad,” he said, a wail in his voice. “I can’t live with it anymore. We have to tell the truth. Before he kills us.” Tommy’s appeal turned to his friend who hugged himself and refused to look up. “Luke and me, Dad. Miles will kill us for lying. We have to tell them.”
Austin stared at his son, mute at last, but rebellious to the end. “I just wanted to protect you,” he finally said.
“I know, Dad.” Tommy seemed to regain some of his courage and self-possession, though the air pressure never shifted, even with his admission of guilt. “I was driving,” he said then to Harriet directly. “We thought we hit a deer.” That was a lie, we all knew it. Tommy flinched, Luke letting out a low moan. “We told ourselves it was a deer,” he corrected in a whisper. “But I saw her, Harry. I saw Riley’s face just before we hit her and Brian.”
Harriet’s shaking stilled somewhat, her short nod an invitation for him to go on.
“We drove off,” he said. Stopped, licked his lips. “I drove off. Charlie was the one who said it was a deer. Nick agreed with him. Jim, too. Luke…” he glanced at his friend again. “We found out the next morning, about Riley and Brian.” He seemed to finally relent in his self-hate, the tension in the space releasing in a rush that had me exhaling a long, heavy breath. “I killed her,” he said. “And I let Miles go to prison for it.”

***

Chapter Twenty

That seemed to be Austin Cooper’s limit, his son’s admission of guilt firing the old sheriff up to the point he stepped in front of Tommy and planted himself between the veterinarian and Harriet.
“We want a lawyer,” he said.
“A bit late for the judiciary to intercede on your behalf,” I said, before Harriet’s curious look had me realizing I’d jumped to a paranormal conclusion. “That is, with your son’s admission of guilt, in front of witnesses, there’s little chance the law will be kind to any of you.”
“You knew.” Harriet’s shaking was back, outrage feeding the dark Tommy’s admission almost dispelled. Was she so naïve? No, not so much, only hurt and in denial that this town and island she loved could betray her and the residents here so badly. “You covered it up.” She faced off with Austin Cooper while I wondered if I might need to intervene before we had another body to deal with.
“I did.” That came out with pride, with disdain for her judgment. “The girl was dead. Harry. The boy damaged. And besides, everyone knew they came from that kind of family.” What exactly did that mean? Harriet flinched, Luke looking up with widening eyes, Tommy gasping, “Dad,” from behind him. But the former sheriff refused to back down, chopping through the air between them with one hand as if that put an end to the argument. “She was trouble from day one and her little brother was on the same path. Drugs. Lewd behavior.” His jowls trembled as he spoke, volume heightening, Austin’s favorite tactic when he felt he wasn’t getting his way, I could only guess. But shouting wouldn’t change a thing. Certainly not his guilt. “There weren’t any witnesses.” He seemed to finally hear what he was saying but carried on with desperate eyes. “Was I supposed to ruin five fine young men’s lives over a dead girl from the wrong side of the island?”
“Miles Williams, Austin.” Harriet caught her breath, now horrified, eyes shining with the anguish of the decision he’d made while he stared back at her, less defiant but still excusing himself and what he’d done.
“A drug addict,” he shot back, “high school dropout. Thief.” He spit all of those words at her as if they balanced out twenty years in prison for a crime Miles didn’t commit. “He wrote himself off, just like his daddy before him.” Ah, island politics, how delightful. “Everyone knows Gary died from too much drink, and that older son of his, Roger? Killed himself in Seattle five years ago. Drug overdose.” Austin had already decided that made Miles and his family the despicable—and disposable—ones. “They lived on state support, Harry, leeches on our community.” The man knew no depths, it seemed, no low bar to which he wouldn’t stoop. I felt my skin crawl, sensed Benjamin’s growing hate, such a rarity for the sweet-natured creature I poured love into him to counteract the disgusting truths being revealed. “These boys,” he waved at Luke, behind him at Tommy, “they had futures. I had to protect them.”
Harriet’s horror morphed into ferocious indignation, her small body a coiled spring of fury ready to take out her predecessor with her righteousness. Which was my cue to act before she ended up in prison herself.
I stepped in, a gentle hand on her elbow, brief touch to her left hand following. She relaxed a little, blinking up at me, then nodded and let go of the handle of her pistol.
“It’s no wonder Miles Williams is after revenge,” I said with my cool precision returned to me, the shadowy weight now shattered and dissipated. All three men blinked as though they felt it go, though Harriet’s focus remained intensely on Austin. “If he knew then what happened, he’s had twenty years to plan his return.”
“He didn’t,” Tommy said, voice broken, low and shaking. “He must have figured it out after.”
“He never said anything.” It was one of the few times I’d heard Luke speak, dull regret so painful I almost reached for him, too. But he snapped out of it, looked up. “We deserve what we get, Tommy.”
His friend nodded while Austin Cooper, his face turning ashen, sagged, all the fight going out of him at last. And there, instead of the bully former sheriff and father who’d lied and broken the law to protect his son, stood a shattered old man whose power was gone forever.
I wished I could have called it a victory, for Harriet at least, but the price? Far too high for such a label. I’d have to settle for a modicum of justice.
“Tommy,” Harriet spoke up in the stillness that surrounded us in the wake of the former sheriff’s retreat, “what are you afraid of?”
He flinched, glanced at Luke who bobbed a nod. “Fire,” he whispered. “We lost our house when I was a kid, remember? I almost didn’t make it out.” He shrugged. “I’ve hated it ever since.”
“And you, Luke?” She turned to him while he continued to hug himself.
“Car accident,” he said. Started to cry.
She went to him, hugged him gently. “Of course, I’m so sorry.” What did that mean? I didn’t ask, left it alone for the moment, would check with her when the time was right. The best part of that moment? When she let him go, her compassion had returned, so at least this incident hadn’t damaged her too badly. She reminded me of Benjamin and his sweet soul in many ways, a high compliment despite what a normal might think.
That kind of resilience deserved respect and admiration.
“Miles has to have a plan to punish both of you,” she said then, grim but commanding. “I’m going to have both of you come into the office until we track him down.” She grimaced at Austin Cooper. “You too, just in case.” He didn’t protest, just nodded. “I’ll catch him, don’t you worry. And he’ll pay for what he did. But make no mistake, all of you. Your own piper will be paid. There will be repercussions to what you did to that man all those years ago, and what you two did to Riley and Brian. I can’t and I won’t allow you to cover it up any longer.”
Again, no protests, willingness emerging, if shrouded in remorse and fear. But that was to be expected and gave me a little hope justice was actually being done after all.
***
I stood on the sidewalk with Harriet, a deputy at the front door to Luke’s house, the three men—suspects, now—in the death and coverup of the end of Riley Gray sitting in the back of a pair of cruisers. Funny how Tommy had opted to climb in next to Luke, leaving his father to sadly crouch in the other solo. Though, I could only imagine the years of hiding the terrible secret had left a mark on their relationship and would now for the rest of their lives.
No sympathy, if you were expecting some. I simply didn’t have it in me.
“I just can’t…” Harriet turned away, jaw tight as the two cars drove off to the sheriff’s department. She blinked quickly, clearing her throat. “I trusted him, Georgia. We all did, for years. I looked up to him.” She bit her lower lip, drew a shaking breath. “He’s part of the reason I wanted to be sheriff.” Harriet hung her head a moment, Benjamin leaning into her, groaning until she stroked his ears. His rumbling contentment helped, as always, along with the subtle magic behind it. “Maybe I wasn’t cut out for this after all.”
I was talking before I could stop my words, staring into the dark street under the single bright, white light on the corner. “My partner died,” I said. Stopped, had to cough softly past the lump of saying it out loud. “Elias Barrow. We were dumb, arrogant. Thought we could corner an enemy our,” stopped myself from saying guild, shifted words at the last second, “department had been hunting for a very long time. Got close, so close. Too close.” I sighed into the quiet night, the distant sound of a dog barking over the faint squeal of tires, someone laughing another street over to the right. “Elias went after him without me, thinking it would protect me, keep me safe. That he could handle it on his own.” My hair brushed my cheek as I shook my head, one hand forcing it back behind my ear a little harshly as a tear traced the same pattern down my skin a moment later. “I was there when he died, barely made it in time. Almost died myself.” Harriet had fallen still. I could feel her looking at me, sense her compassion, Benjamin’s support shifting to lift both of us with his incredible heart. “I quit.” That hurt, to say those words, but it was the truth. “They wouldn’t let me go after the one who killed Elias. Gave me excuses, cut me out of the investigation.” Locked me out of my life’s work, gave me a desk and an assistant and tried to keep me from the field. “I couldn’t just pretend to do the job I used to love knowing Elias would never be avenged. So, I left.” I turned to her then, wiping at that single tear, feeling the squeezing grief ease at last. Somehow, telling this normal mortal what happened finally shattered the fist of regret and guilt and sorrow I’d been clinging to. Maybe it was Benjamin and maybe it was Harriet, her hazel eyes brimming with tears, or perhaps it was just time. Whatever the case, for the first breath since Elias died, since that night of agony and terror only a short month ago, I was free.
Which made me even more determined as I smiled grimly down at my new friend.
“Whitewitch Island is lucky to have you, Harriet,” I said. “Someone with a passion for the work, who wants to do the right thing, doesn’t come along all that often, you know.” She ducked her head, blushing faintly in the bright light. “Trust me, I know. Don’t do what I did. Don’t give up on yourself.” I was going to cry again, but this time they were happy tears. Had I just decided to give myself another chance, too? No, I wasn’t planning on going back to Guild Artemis. But could I use this life I’d chosen to create a real and satisfying existence I never would have found at home?
Maybe. And I was in the kind of heart and headspace to find out. If for no other reason, I was now very grateful I’d come to this place.
“We need to find Miles.” Harriet’s own resolve had surfaced again, and I nodded, waited for her to go on, wanting her to trust her instincts. “We know he hasn’t left the island.” If he still planned to carry out his vengeance, absolutely he was still here. “Sue had Charlie’s password. He got a text today, from an unlisted number.” Could have been Miles, could have been anyone.
“What did it say?” Not that it mattered, the content of the message clearly enough to make Charlie risk a trip to a rooftop he was terrified to visit.
“‘I know what you did,’” she said in a low, trembling voice. “‘Meet me on the bank roof.’ It was sent ten minutes before he fell.”
So, Charlie’s fear of being outed surpassed his phobia of heights.
Harriet shook that off, clearly shifting her focus back to Miles. “He could be anywhere,” she said then. “Sent those messages from a disposable phone. There’s a lot of places to hide.”
“Not so many,” I said. “No one trusts him or believes in him. That limits his security.”
Mother, Benjamin sent, is it time to hunt now?
I glanced down at the mastiff and decided to take a chance on Harriet.
“There might be a way,” I said. “Benny has a certain knack for finding people.”
She nodded instantly as if that didn’t surprise her a bit. “I was going to suggest calling Jeremiah Temple and recruit his bloodhounds,” she said, “but if Benny here is trained, let’s give him a chance to find our fugitive.” She rubbed his ears again with a smile returning. “You need something of Miles’ for Benny to sniff?”
“I believe there’s something at Tommy’s cottage,” I said. “Why don’t you go round up those bloodhounds and I’ll see what Benny can find.” Yes, I was trying to get rid of her. Cutting my mastiff loose meant coordinating with the ravens and while I figured she’d buy his ability, working with the birds might not go down so easily.
Harriet agreed, dropping Benjamin and myself at Tommy’s cottage before driving off. I instantly unleashed him, sending out a call to the ravens. They floated to the unfinished deck, jet black and crystal white, the giant birds croaking softly between them.
“Time to hunt,” I said. “Benny, you still have Miles in your memory?”
“I do, Mother.” He sounded excited, tail wagging and ears perked. Benjamin turned to the ravens who tilted their heads at him as he connected his power to theirs. “You feel him?”
“I do,” Conscio said in his lovely tenor voice. “We’ve seen this man, Georgia, not so long ago.”
“In the forest,” Caprice agreed, fluffing her white plumage before blinking her silver eyes at me. “We can show you where.” And did, the image of the place they’d flown over flashing in my mind, and in Benjamin’s.
“I know that area,” I said, catching sight of the dilapidated trailer in the distance. But I hadn’t noticed a rundown hip roof barn in the vicinity, the overgrown road to it barely passable. My vision tightened, triggered by movement, the incredible eyesight of the ravens narrowing in on the hunched, running form of Miles Williams.
Heading for the barn.
“Gotcha,” I whispered. “Benny, ravens, hunt.”

***

Chapter Twenty One

I sealed us off from the world around us, the bubble of power ensuring no one without magic—and few without remarkable power—would see us, freeing us to search without fear of being spotted. Because the giant mastiff, now liberated from his more normal constraints, ran faster than a car could drive, the ravens and myself flying along behind him.
It didn’t take long to reach the side road that turned toward the old William’s trailer, though it was Benjamin who halted abruptly, forcing me to pull back with a hiss, hovering over him, the ravens chattering before swooping off just as he spoke.
“This way!” He spun and ran down the main road, empty at this time of night. Benjamin slowed almost immediately, coming to a panting halt twenty feet from a crouching figure who didn’t even look up as I landed and released the bubble shielding us from view, approaching Miles Williams slowly but prepared to use my physical skills—if not my power—to subdue him.
He didn’t try to run and, as I neared his hunched form, he spoke.
“This is where I found her.” He pointed at the plain, white cross, a wreath of fake flowers and greenery draped around the top, planted in the ditch in front of him. I read her name painted in black across the crosspiece, the dim light of the rising moon the only light available but more than enough for my enhanced vision. Apparently, Miles didn’t need extra illumination, either, standing at last, making no move to run, just staring at the cross as though he didn’t know what else to do. “I didn’t kill her.”
“I know that, Miles,” I said. He looked up, eyes glistening but deeply black in the night, face pale and body trembling. “I know that Tommy was driving drunk that night, that he and Luke, Charlie and Nick, Jim, too, were in that truck and they hit Riley and Brian and left them to die. And that you found them and tried to save them.” He didn’t speak, just listened. “I know that Austin Cooper covered it up, Miles. He hid your car after the trial, in the woods behind your father’s trailer.” He flinched at that. Had he not known? “Everyone blamed you and they let you go to prison for something you didn’t do.”
Miles looked back to the cross, spoke again, softer this time. “I saw their taillights,” he said. “But I was stoned, Detective Drake. I admit that. Out of my head. I barely saw Riles and Bri in the grass. It was just dumb luck I noticed them.” He ran both hands through his thick, dark hair. “I think she was already dead when I got her in the car. But Bri was moaning.” He dropped his hands to his sides with dull thuds. “There was so much blood, and I couldn’t think of what else to do so I drove them to the hospital.” He turned to face me fully this time. “It all happened so fast after that, did they tell you?” Bitterness crept into his voice, anger and sullen despair. “I had a public defender. He told me they had all this evidence, that if I plead guilty the judge would go easy on me. Only, he didn’t. He sent me away for twenty years. Maximum sentence was supposed to be eleven, my lawyer said. But the judge, he and Sheriff Cooper were old buddies. So, I got twenty.” He sounded stunned by that suddenly.
“How did you figure out who really killed her, Miles?” Benjamin had sunk to his haunches, a clear sign of relaxation and calm. Which meant the man before me meant me no harm. Even the ravens had settled in the trees behind the cross, watching and listening.
“I didn’t,” he said, “not for a long time. A part of me started to believe it, you know? Maybe I was that stoned. Maybe they were with me, and I killed her.” His voice filled with tears, the reflection of moisture on his cheeks just visible. Again one of his hands rose and ran through his hair, then over the wet on his face, smearing it. “But I knew I hadn’t done it. I needed to know what really happened. When I got out, I came home.” He sighed a deep and tearing sound, shaking with locked emotion. “I wasn’t going to. I planned to start somewhere fresh. But Riles deserved better, Detective Drake. I owed it to her to find out what happened to her and Bri. So, I came back.” He pointed at the cross. “It didn’t take me long to put it together. The way they looked at me, the way they treated me. How the old sheriff almost lost his crap when he saw me. They couldn’t even meet my eyes. But I didn’t know for sure. That’s why I tried to rent an apartment from Nick Parks.” He stuttered then fell silent a moment, but when he carried on it was with the conviction of truth behind him. “I asked him about that night. I spent twenty years in prison. I knew what guilt looked like.”
“That’s when you decided to avenge her,” I said.
“No!” He shook his head with a level of agitation that had Benjamin up and humming, the ravens croaking in warning. “I swear, I didn’t kill them, any of them. But whoever did is trying to set me up again.” He groaned himself in audible agony. “I won’t go back to prison for another crime I didn’t commit, detective. I won’t.”
Perhaps I shouldn’t have believed him, but you know what? Every instinct I had in me, every single experience I’d endured as an inquisitor, told me he was telling me the truth. Miles Williams wasn’t just a victim of a lie that took two decades of his life. He was being framed for more murders because the real killer was so sure he could get away with it.
But that then left me with a giant question. Who had motive to kill them if not Miles Williams?
“I believe you, Miles,” I said for the second time. “Do you know who’s doing this to you? To them?”
He hesitated, long enough I knew he had suspicions if not proof, before speaking up, voice rapid and low and full of guilt.
“I wanted to see Bri when I got back,” he said. “Mona was okay with it, but Fred.” He shook his head slowly back and forth, staring at the ground. “He was so angry, detective. I don’t blame him. But there was something about that anger.” I knew what he meant, sensed it myself when I went to visit the Grays. “I think maybe Fred knew I didn’t do it. Don’t ask me how or why I think that. I just… I think he knew what really happened. Kept quiet. Maybe Sheriff Cooper threatened him. I don’t know. All I do know is there’s rage in him like I saw in prison, in men who didn’t have any humanity left.”
We’d observed the same hopeless hate, it seemed. But did it give Fred Gray a motive for murder or just more reason to sink into himself and get lost forever? I’d seen it go both ways, after all. But it did make for a viable suspect, so I put Fred on the list as I considered my next question.
“What were you doing at the bank, Miles? Why were you there when Charlie Jackson died?” Yes, I believed him, but his presence might give us a course of inquiry that could further his guess about Riley’s father—or exonerate the man altogether.
“I got a text.” He reached into his pocket, pulled out a flat, shiny object. His cell phone, obviously, then froze. “I don’t have a weapon.”
“It’s all right,” I said. “I’m not that kind of detective. Show me.” He didn’t comment on my odd clarifier and that was for the best since my weapons weren’t of the gun-toting variety.
He clicked the screen to life, the light shining upward on his tense and sunken face. But when he handed it to me, it was easy enough to corroborate his story.
If you want answers about who really killed Riley Gray, meet me on the roof of First Island Bank and Trust in ten minutes.
That was it. But it was enough. That time frame put Miles on the roof at the exact moment whoever killed Charlie did the deed, setting the ex-con up for another death.
“No caller ID?” Had to be from a burner phone. I appreciated technology, used it frequently, understood the process of protecting one’s identity through such disposable cell phones. Used one on occasion myself when the job warranted communication outside magic.
Miles grunted softly. “I knew it was likely a trap or a trick,” he said, despair returning to his voice. “But I couldn’t not go. I had to know.”
“What did you see?” I handed the phone back to him as he went on.
“Someone pushing Charlie over the edge of the roof,” Miles said. “I got there just as whoever it was did it. But they were in a black hoody and jeans, so I couldn’t see their face. All I know is whoever killed him was a guy.” He huffed a breath, sticking his phone back into his pocket, plunging us back into semi-darkness that it took a whisper of power to clear and restore my night vision. “They knew exactly how to set me up,” he said. “I worked on the serpentarium with Sam when I got here first.” I hadn’t known that, but Harriet must have. Made her suspect him, obviously, because it would have been relatively easy to have a key copied while he was on site. “And on Tommy’s cottage. And there was the fight with Nick after I confronted him.” Sam Spencer had thought the argument was about an apartment. Turned out it was over Riley Gray’s death. He’d be gratified to know his faith in Miles had been justified. Hopefully, I’d get to tell him in person. (Georgia, focus.)
“All of which is circumstantial evidence, Miles,” I said as gently as I could.
He looked up at me. “I went away on less.”
Way to stick your foot in it, Inquisitor.
“And their fears,” he said. “Everyone knows about those phobias. Everybody knows everything about everyone here on Whitewitch Island.” That didn’t come out bitter or anything. “Please, Detective Drake, I can’t go away again.”
“You won’t,” I said. “Not on my watch. And Harriet will fight for you, Miles, I promise you that. But I have to call her now, do you understand?” He nodded, sagging but without resistance. “She has to hear what you have to say so she can find who really did this.”
“I’m done running.” He sank to his knees at the side of the road, facing the cross. “Whatever happens, I just need them to know I didn’t hurt my Riles.” His weeping, while barely audible under normal circumstances, sounded loud on the side of the road in the quiet dark.
While I dialed the sheriff, heart heavy in my chest, hoping I hadn’t just made him a promise I couldn’t keep.

***

Chapter Twenty Two

We met at the trailer, rather fittingly, Miles’ knees jittering where he sat with his elbows on his thighs, anxiety only growing despite Benjamin’s forehead pressed to his upper arm while we waited for Harriet to arrive. She did and quickly enough, entering the dank living space past the single light over the door, her gaze flickering to me then to Miles, hand unconsciously on her gun butt again. It wasn’t until Benjamin looked up, licking his chops and whining softly before once again resting comfortably and with utter trust in Miles that she relented, hands falling to her sides while he finally sat back and allowed the mastiff to comfort him.
 He told her everything then, much more collected than I’d hoped but doing the job in gaining her trust, too. By the time Miles was done, his phone in her trembling hands, his story told, she was nodding and sighing and sitting back with an anxious expression on her face.
“Fred Gray,” she said. “You really think he’s capable?” She looked back and forth between us, but it was Miles who answered. And with far more compassion than a man who’d been through what he’d endured should have been capable of.
“If he did,” Miles said in a soft, kind voice, both hands scratching Benjamin’s ears, “I understand why. They lied for years, Sheriff Quinn. They let people believe awful stuff about her, about Bri. Riles deserved better and this whole town treated Riley like trash on the side of the road.” He caught his breath, voice hitching a little. “But if he did do it, I know you got to bring him to justice.” Hesitated another second. “I’d forgive him, you know. For blaming me. And for killing them and making it look like me. I don’t think he’s straight in the head anymore.”
“If not Fred Gray,” I said, “someone is setting Miles up for murder, Harriet. We can’t let another injustice go by. The real killer has to be found.”
She waved off my insistence, handed Miles back his phone. “I believe you,” she said. To which Miles again began to weep, though only a few tears this time, leaning in to press his face into the soft, warm fur of my mastiff. Benjamin groaned gently and leaned back, his grumbling chatter as much a comfort as the magic he exuded. When Miles finally leaned away again, it was to my mastiff’s large, wet tongue clearing his cheeks of those tears.
Miles laughed, a surprising sound, as he wiped at the dog drool left behind. For the first time since we’d met, I saw light in his eyes, the man he could have been, should have been allowed to be. And hopefully would get the chance to grow into.
“If he’s not thinking straight,” Harriet said, “you could be right, Miles. He’s been blaming you since Riley died. But if he found out those boys were the real culprits, then you came to town again… it’s possible he’s mashed it all together and decided everyone would pay.” She stood abruptly, slapping her thighs with both hands before surging to her feet. “I got to take you in, Miles,” she said. He didn’t protest, standing himself, while she hurried on as if he had spoken up. “I promise, it’s for your own good. To keep you safe. Because whoever is killing the men who hit Riley that night, they could come for you when they’re done.”
He thought about it, nodded. “I get it, Sheriff Quinn,” he said. “All I want is a fair shake this time.”
She reached out with her hand, and he stared at it like she’d offered him the very snake that killed Nick Parks, not a chance to shake. When he finally leaned forward and accepted her firm grip, she was enthusiastic with her response.
“I got you, Miles,” she said.
He smiled at her, bitterness gone. “Thanks, Harry,” he said. “Harriet.”
Her own answering grin made me feel much better about how this might all turn out.
When I offered to assist in talking to Fred Gray, however, after escorting Miles to the jail at the sheriff’s office, Harriet turned me down.
“Thank you, Georgia,” she said, “for everything. But I’ll deal with Fred.” She ruffled Benjamin’s ears. “Good job, Benny,” she said.
I am a good boy, he sent to me.
I grinned down at him, hesitated. Then took the hint. Some conversations weren’t meant for outsiders, I could only guess, and her chat with Riley’s father was one of those.
I said no to her offer of a ride, walking home near midnight, Benjamin strolling next to me, both of us lost in thought, the ravens long gone on to their own business. It wasn’t until we reached the crossroads to our lane that I caught sight of someone up ahead and, on impulse, sped my stride until I reached Olive just as she unlatched her gate.
“How was your ghost tour?” It felt like hours had passed since I’d joined Mavis in the cemetery. Had it taken Olive that long?
She jumped a little, a meep of surprise escaping her, though she laughed when she realized it was me, grasping my hand. I smiled in apology, so used to others with power sensing when I was around, I’d failed to make myself known. I needed to remember not to sneak up on normal humans unless I wanted to scare them to bits.
“Which one?” She eye-rolled then grinned at me. “I had three tonight. For some reason, the latest one is always the most popular.” She made a soft oooh sound. “I suppose they assume the ghosties and ghoulies are out closer to midnight.”
“They’re not?” I tried not to tease her, but she took it the right way, tsking and waving her hand at me.
“Sillies,” she said. “Time of day doesn’t really influence the sparks all around us.” She fluttered her hands like we were surrounded at this very moment, though the necromancer in me sensed nothing. “I guess folks just put more stock in old wives’ tales than they do the truth of spirt matters.”
Just like she’d created her own fabricated belief system. Well, fair enough. We all chose to trust certain things, founded in truth or not. “Anything exciting happen tonight?” While I was tired, I found chatting with Olive refreshing, helped distract me from the heavy thoughts I’d lingered in all day, both my own past and that of Miles Williams lurking just on the other side of the shadows of her front porch light.
“Nothing too spectacular,” she said. “I should take you on a walk sometime.” She shuddered a little under her wrap, sighing. “The whole island is in unrest, though,” Olive said then, voice leveling out, deepening. Was this part of the show? “All those deaths, so close together, and an old loss, all tied up as one.” I actually had goosebumps from her tone of voice, though again, no power rose from her. She was just good at her job, I could only guess. “And I was certain, just before I came home tonight, I saw Megan and poor little baby Skyler, walking under the trees at the edge of the cemetery.”
“Sorry, who?” I hadn’t heard of any recent losses, so her answer surprised me.
Olive seemed to snap out of the faint daze that held her, voice returning to that bubbly normal I was used to. She blinked, then made a sad face, eyes full of empathy. “Megan Morrison,” she said. “She and her daughter, Skyler, died just a month ago. Poor dears. And poor Luke.”
The photo on the mantel. His deep grief. The sudden realization I hadn’t sensed a woman’s presence, a child’s, in the house tonight. Not sorrow for his friends, then. And Harriet’s kindness, her compassion for him when he mentioned his phobia.
“Car accident,” I blurted. “They died in a car accident.”
Olive nodded. “That’s right,” she said. “Tragic.” She shivered as a light breeze came up. “That’s me, then,” she said. “These tours take so much out of me. Coffee tomorrow?” She left with a wave and a pat for Benjamin, going inside, locking her door before I started moving again.
Heading home, wondering how much more tragedy hid under the shiny sparkle of this place.

***

Chapter Twenty Three

Sleep was a long time coming and I found myself rising early despite my continuing weariness, the distraction of the unresolved case doing its typical dance in my head, determined to keep me from rest until all the pieces were in place.
That meant I found myself walking to the sheriff’s office just after 9AM, Benjamin at my side, stopping briefly at the local café for a coffee for both myself and Harriet who I expected wouldn’t have had much sleep herself.
I found her in her office, though she wasn’t alone, Austin Cooper’s presence clearly unwelcome, as was that of the two council members I’d seen him speaking to the day before. Harriet stood as I knocked and entered, her expression tight and grim.
“Detective Georgia Drake,” she said, “this is Philip Cantos,” I nodded to the tall, thin man, his softly brown skin tone and dark eyes suggesting Latino origins as did his last name, “and Jacinta Wren.” His counterpart, on the other hand, was so pale and Caucasian she appeared washed out, from her crystal white hair to the empty gray eyes, her thin, wrinkled skin pulling faint jowls down beneath her lined mouth, puckered lips and up and down scan of my person all the evidence I needed to realize I wasn’t welcome any longer.
“Detective,” Jacinta spoke up first before her fellow council member could. “Where was it you’ve moved here from?”
So, they’d done some digging, probably on Austin Cooper’s suggestion. “The east coast,” I said, purposely vague, just to irritate her. Of course, I had a backstory prepared, hadn’t even considered leaving home without it. But I wasn’t going to just hand it over without the proper amount of amusement to soothe the anger that rose from the challenge.
My mother would be appalled at my behavior. Elias had obviously been a terrible influence and maybe it was better I was on my own after all.
“I’ve spoken to several of my old contacts in New England,” Austin interceded, cutting off the sharp-faced woman who glared at him in turn. So, no love really lost, just a common enemy the retired sheriff created. Good to know, and hopefully would turn her and her companion around when I helped Harriet nail Austin Cooper to the ground. “No one has heard of you. Detective.” He crossed his beefy arms over his chest, that decisive last word an accusation of my deceit.
Well, he wasn’t wrong. But he was, at the same time. I just didn’t hold a job in an organization any of them would understand. That didn’t mean I hadn’t come prepared.
“Because you know every captain in every department in every police force in the US,” I said, mildly enough and with a dose of amused contempt that had Austin spluttering, the two council members no longer appearing as confident as they had.
“Admit it,” he spit at me. “You’re no cop and you never were.”
“If you’d like to place a call to Captain Johnathan Sathroy, NYPD, 25th Precinct, I’m certain he’d be happy to tell you all about my work with major crimes and homicide, Mr. Cooper.” Naturally, no one of that name actually existed, though the network of magic that created my backstory would pass even the most intense human scrutiny. Captain Sathroy, a man I’d never met, would have numerous stories of my escapades with the esteemed NYPD, not to mention his entire precinct’s embedded historical records of my time there when I had never set foot in the place—aside from the morning I left New York, that was, triggering the spell by passing through the doors of the precinct, the layers of who I was to them left behind. With permission, of course, from Guild Artemis and Nemesis, sanctioned rewrites of human memory often used to safeguard the lives and pasts of those who chose to exit that life.
I’d never expected to have to use the backstory built for me. So satisfying to pull it out and use it like the weapon it was never intended to be on a man who needed to pay for his own crimes. While perhaps you might have thought my deception underhanded, the fact I’d spent the majority of my life tracking and capturing criminals was all I needed to justify the duplicity. I may have been trained by a different law enforcement collective, but our goals and our work were the same, paranormal or human.
Austin immediately reached for his phone while I stepped forward and deposited Harriet’s coffee in front of her, focusing on the sheriff and ignoring the others for now.
“It’s been my pleasure to assist you, Sheriff Quinn,” I said. “If you need me further, you know where to find me.” I could at the very least give her an out if she needed one, as it appeared to me she did.
Harriet hesitated, then nodded abruptly. “I’ll walk you out, detective,” she said.
I heard Austin muttering into his phone as we exited, grinned at the snarling response he gave whoever was on the other end, heard him growling something to the council members with enough fury I was satisfied my backstory held.
Not that I was worried about it, really. More so about Harriet, who paused at the front door to the sheriff’s office, reaching for the handle, staring out the glass into the street as she spoke.
“I’m sorry,” she said, low and angry. “This isn’t going the way it should have.”
“The fact Austin isn’t in custody and is, instead, turning the council against you, makes that very clear, Harriet.” I caught her flinch as she nodded. “My suggestion?” She looked up, met my eyes with her troubled hazel ones. “Call the state police.” Harriet wavered, licking her lips, glancing back over her shoulder at the open office door where Austin and the council members argued on the other side.
“I had to let them go,” she said, so much regret and anxiety in her suddenly I worried she might crumble. But she held on, knuckles white from her grip on the door. “I’ve been ordered to stand down. And my deputies refuse to help.” Another glance, this one with anger again. “Most of them served under Austin Cooper and are still loyal.”
Time to clean house, perhaps. Though apparently, Harriet wasn’t in a position to make that happen. “They’re threatening to fire you, I take it.”
She nodded. “Austin called in a lawyer from the mainland, claims there’s no proof of any wrongdoing. The local judge refused to talk to me. If I go to state, they’ll fire me, Georgia.” Harriet stilled then, nodded at her reflection in the glass. “I guess that means they’ll be hiring a new sheriff.” And in that moment, she surprised me yet again, turning to look up at me, face set. “I’m worried about Miles,” she said. “He’s out there on his own and no one believes him, Georgia. As soon as I get rid of Austin and the council members, I’ll call the state police. But that still leaves us without answers as to who killed Jim, Nick and Charlie.”
“Did you talk to Fred Gray?” I kept my voice down, Austin’s sudden approach looming as he headed our way, Jacinta and Philip on his heels.
“Not yet,” she whispered. “Please, find Miles and keep an eye on him? I’ll let you know when I talk to the staties.” She pushed on the door, holding it open for me. “Thank you for everything, Detective Drake. I’ll take it from here.”
I hated leaving her without backup, but she seemed willing to do what was necessary and my presence obviously wasn’t helping matters. Which meant, a moment later, Benjamin and I stood on the sidewalk with the door closing behind us, Austin Cooper’s loud and obnoxious voice cut off as he harangued Harriet further.
I don’t like him, Mother, the mastiff grumbled.
That makes two of us, Benny, I sent.
He’s mean to Harriet, and she doesn’t deserve that. The big, black dog shook his head. We have to make sure he pays for what he did, Mother. Benjamin’s sense of justice, while tempered thanks to his lovely soul, was still that of a Guild Hades Hound. Right and wrong were very black and white to him, at least when it came to others. I had a feeling I could do no wrong in his eyes, though I’d never want to test that.
We need to be careful now, I sent, walking slowly toward home as I tried to decide what to do from there. Finding Miles again wouldn’t be a problem, I was certain. More than likely he’d returned to the trailer. We don’t want to cause any trouble for her, do we?
No, Mother, the mastiff sighed in my head, letting out an audible groan of displeasure. Normal humans are complicated, aren’t they?
I laughed at that, ruffled his ears. “You can say that again.”

***

Chapter Twenty Four

The thought I could interrogate Fred Gray did cross my mind, but every time I considered pushing boundaries, I thought of Harriet and backed off instead. To the point I headed for home, my reluctant dog at my side. I was so wrapped up in my thoughts I didn’t notice we had company, the tall, broad-shouldered handyman I’d hired on his hands and knees on my back deck when we got home, pulling up old boards. Wards or not, he’d been on my property already which meant he’d been grandfathered permission and I’d need stronger magic to keep him away.
Except, of course, that was the furthest desire from my mind.
Benjamin hustled to Sam to nuzzle him and beg for pats, the handsome tradesman more than agreeable as he squinted up at me, setting aside his hammer to give the mastiff some hearty scratches. My dog rolled over onto his back, his happy groans so loud I laughed while Sam grinned at me.
“I heard what you did for Miles,” he said over Benjamin’s delighted chatter. “What Harriet did.”
I shrugged at that, tossing the coffee I’d failed to drink into the bin next to the deck’s growing refuse. “For all the good it’s done,” I said. “Apparently your island’s council seems to think Harriet is no longer suitable for her position as sheriff.”
Sam’s scowl only added to his attractiveness, though I was well aware stern and stoic men were my downfall. He carried on his belly rubs for Benjamin, however, not letting his anger alter his kindness to the mastiff, which said a lot about him. “With what you found out about Austin, I figure he’s last ditching. Running scared, making trouble to hide what he did.” Sam let out a short, harsh breath. “Tell me he won’t get a pass on framing Miles.”
“I’m afraid I have no control over that.” My own frustration finally bubbled to the top. I had to take a long moment of glaring at the ocean over the cliff’s edge before I could speak again. “Can you honestly tell me no one suspected Tommy Cooper was the real killer?”
Sam’s sigh was softer this time, Benjamin rolling over when the handyman’s hands settled and stopped, my mastiff laying his huge head in Sam’s lap, looking up at him with imploring worship. “I honestly don’t know,” he said. “All I do know is, after Riley died and Brian was injured, the football team did a big fundraiser, you know? To help pay for some of the medical bills. Oh, and I do remember Tommy’s truck went missing. He said it stopped working, got a new one.” He looked down at Benjamin, scratched the mastiff’s ears when he realized he’d stopped. “But I never put it together and I don’t think anyone else did, either. They all wanted Miles to be guilty.”
Tommy’s truck went missing, just as I’d guessed it had earlier. Interesting and nice to know I was on my game. “I was right, then. His truck never surfaced again.” But would once I had a chance to search the woods, I was certain of that.
“Not as far as I know.” Of course, they decided to get rid of it, just like Miles’ car. If I could find it, maybe it would be enough for the state troopers to arrest him and his former sheriff father. Blood evidence might be long gone, however. Still, it was better than sitting around doing nothing.
I left Sam to his work, the sound of him drilling and hammering and cracking wood distracting, as was his shirtless body on my back deck, though I found even that view not sufficient to keep me from pacing.
The internal argument that carried on the majority of the day went something like this:
Go for a “walk” with Benjamin and find the truck, if it was out there (maybe excusable and believable but a tenuous lead that might turn up nothing).
“Bump into” Fred Gray at his own house (worst plan ever that would probably get Harriet fired).
Mind my own business (not going to happen, sorry).
I did send a message to the ravens, asking them to search for the truck near where the car had been abandoned, but they were sleepy and grumpy and ignored me, Conscio promising they’d do so as soon as dusk fell. I caught a glimpse of them roosting in a hip-roof barn, snuggled together for a nap, and left them be. While Benjamin was more than amenable to doing what I asked, my relationship with the ravens felt much more like asking peers for help. That was what I got for rescuing them from a dark mage who used them as power funnels. They’d both sworn they’d never take orders from anyone again and I was the last person who’d bully them anyway.
They were family, and I was blessed to have them in my life. Still, hard not to be a bit grumbly about the whole thing.
Benjamin spent most of the morning outside with Sam, staring at him with moon eyes, the silly creature. When I offered the handyman lunch, however, the noon-day sun beating down over the California coast, he turned me down.
“I have another job I need to finish this afternoon,” he said, packing up. “Just a few bits and pieces, won’t take me more than a couple of hours. So, I’ll be back tomorrow.” He hesitated. “Wouldn’t mind lunch then, if you’re still offering.”
He had no idea where my thoughts went, bless him.
I waved him off, finally distracted enough to smile as I did, a wicked giggle escaping as I contemplated the next day’s opportunity to get to know him better.
I really needed to stop thinking of him as a snack.
Fortunately, I was spared further contemplation on that topic—I really needed to do something about my thought process before I scared the poor man away—by a knock on the door. Benjamin’s instant delight greeted our visitor, Mavis Fernsby entering as he wagged his tail and panted a grinning greeting.
“Mavis!” He head-butted her gently. “Welcome!”
“Hi, Benny.” She hugged him before nodding to me. “Saw Sam leaving.” Her own wicked grin had me blushing, imagine.
A few minutes later, we sat over coffee on the partially destroyed deck, the ME stretching out her short, stocky legs, tanned under her denim shorts, her thick, curved toes in her flip flops speaking of gnome blood in her lineage. Which made sense, her connection to earth so powerful it fed into her necromancy perfectly.
“You saw Harriet,” Mavis said, staring over the ocean, cup handle between her fingers but coffee untouched.
“I had the pleasure of meeting Philip Cantos and Jacinta Wren,” I said. “Austin Cooper introduced us.”
“He’s been trying to prove you’re not a real detective.” She snorted, finally sipped. “I take it your backstory held because he’s dropped that line of attack, apparently.” Her pale eyes met mine, full of good humor. “As if you have anything to prove, Inquisitor Drake.”
I shrugged that off. “I’m more worried about Harriet losing her job and Austin Cooper taking his old position back.”
“Me too, frankly,” Mavis said. “She was elected, but the council has a proviso if she proves unable to do the job to their satisfaction she can be removed.” Human politics were no different than ours, it seemed, corruption and personal gain woven into the warp and weft. “If Austin takes power again, I have no doubt he’ll find a way to have the charges against him dropped, and Tommy, too. He’s claiming the confession you and Harriet got from his son last night was coerced and since there was no lawyer present, Judge Grundle will side with his old drinking buddy and throw it out. Without that confession, all we really have is proof Miles didn’t kill Riley, not that Tommy did.”
“What about a real exhumation?” Surely an accurate autopsy would prove she was struck.
“Again, if it’s Grundle we ask, he’ll turn the order down,” Mavis said. “And that’s only if Mona and Fred agree to allow it.”
The walls were closing in, and I was outside, for legion’s sake. “His truck went missing,” I said. Now I really needed to find it, right? “Sam told me after Riley died, Tommy Cooper’s truck disappeared. If it’s out there with Miles’ car, could the evidence still be viable?”
Mavis squinted at me. “If I was allowed to use magic,” she said. “No amount of bleach or rain or time would remove the girl’s blood from that bumper.” Was she suggesting what I thought she was suggesting? “You find the truck Tommy drove that night and I’ll get you evidence, Georgia.”
That was good enough for me.
“Has Harriet talked to Fred yet?” I still wasn’t convinced Riley’s father had the chutzpah to carry through on three murders, let alone have the cunning to do so. Certainly, he bore anger enough for murder, that was clear to me. But the targeted deaths based on their private fears felt carefully orchestrated, and extremely personal. Why, after all this time, would Fred suddenly decide to commit vengeful murder?
“Not as far as I know,” Mavis said. “She’s hit a wall, Georgia. And while I trust Harriet to do the right thing, I’m not so sure this island’s council—or residents for that matter—are willing to dredge up the past they thought they buried twenty years ago.” She sipped another slurp of coffee. “Normal humans aren’t all that different from us, are they?”
I grunted at that. Didn’t answer because she was right. Hadn’t I run into my own towering mountains of immovable stone not so long ago? How many times had I dealt with powerful magic users who’d broken our laws only to be handed light sentences despite their guilt or reassigned instead of incarcerated? Certainly, my position as an inquisitor allowed me the power to take them down from the heights that they thought would protect them, but not always in a way that felt like justice had prevailed. Frustrating, but part of our system and, apparently, that of Whitewitch Island, too.
Mavis finally pushed her unfinished coffee aside and stood, stretching rather ungracefully before shrugging her wide shoulders. “You plan to search for that truck, you do it after dark and take precautions,” she said, voice now low and full of warning. “And shield yourself. I wouldn’t put it past Austin Cooper to come after you, Georgia. The man’s on a desperate path to protect himself and his son and if he thinks he can get away with covering up an old murder even after the truth comes out, who’s to say he won’t commit a new one and smother that, too?”
I watched her go, Benjamin sitting next to me rather than walking her out, the necromancer ME stomping her way around the corner of the house and down the walkway to her car.
“I won’t let anyone hurt you, Mother,” he growled, fur bristling.
“Hopefully Mavis is just being overly cautious,” I said. “Besides, I have more than enough means to protect myself without you throwing your silly behind in front of a normal bullet.” I hugged him, kissed the top of his head. “Promise me.”
Benjamin met my eyes with his own quiet and resolved. “No promises,” he said.
Stubborn creature. That was all right. I had magic enough to protect both of us.
Except, I’d told myself that the night Elias died, hadn’t I?
I couldn’t lose Benjamin, too.
Mavis’ suggestion I wait until nightfall was sound, though only added to my frustration so by the time the ravens flapped their way into the living room, heavy clouds had rolled in over the ocean to match the ones hovering around me and weighing me down with churning frustration fit for a thunderstorm.
Before we could head out, however, my phone buzzed, an unknown number sending me a text I scanned and then reread again.
Detective Drake, this is Miles Williams. How had he messaged me? Harriet. She had to have given him my cell digits. Thank you for everything you’ve done for me. I had planned to leave town, but it sounds like I might be charged again. Oh no, he wasn’t. Before I could fire off a reply to the negative, another text came through. I need your help. Sheriff Quinn can’t so she told me to talk to you. You remember I showed you that message I got, telling me to go to the bank roof? Did I. I just got this. He sent a screenshot next of the message in question. If you want revenge for what happened, meet me where they died. His next text came quickly. What do I do?
They? But Brian was still alive. Maybe to the texter, he was already dead. Did that mean Fred Gray was the man behind the message? You meet whoever it is, I sent, but not alone. I’ll be there, Miles. Because it was more than likely whoever messaged him—was it Fred?—was the murderer of the three men who’d died over Riley’s passing and it sounded like either Miles was being set up yet again or was even possibly the next target.
Regardless, no matter the killer’s plan, they weren’t counting on me, on Benjamin and the ravens. And that provided me with enough confidence to encourage Miles into the line of fire.
I just hoped I wouldn’t come to regret it.
I’m leaving now, he sent. Ten minutes.
I’ll meet you there. I paused as I moved to tuck my phone into my back pocket. Had a horrible and yet logical thought that drove me to do a quick internet search. Rewarded me with information my intuition leapt to connect.
Realized I knew who the killer was and likely why that person had acted now, of all times.
And set Benjamin loose, the ravens overhead, as a bubble of magic carried us to the place where all of this began.

***

Chapter Twenty Five

I was faster than Miles, on purpose, my companions and I arriving on the side of the road where the white cross with Riley’s name on it stood in the darkness. Though, as I approached it, still bubbled in protective power, I went looking for the proof I’d seen during my web search.
Found it, jerked loose of the ground and discarded, the scarred spot where the matching cross to Riley’s had been worked free and tossed aside bearing two names I’d only heard recently.
No wonder Luke Morrison was terrified of car accidents. His wife Megan and baby daughter Skyler had died in the same spot as Riley Gray had that night, twenty years later. The fact their commemorative cross lay abandoned as though the one who’d done the deed couldn’t bear its presence, confirmed to me I finally had all the pieces.
And that Luke Morrison was in a very dangerous state of mind.
Mavis. I reached out to the necromancer, caught a glimpse of her in her dressing gown, sitting in her living room, TV flickering in front of her, the taste of wine in my mouth a moment. It’s Luke Morrison.
She was on her feet and moving immediately. Where? Never mind. I’m on my way. She cut me off before I could share, clearly using her connection to my own necromancy to pull out the location.
Trouble was, I really couldn’t wait for her to arrive. For all I knew, Luke’s endgame was already underway and if I didn’t act now, two—possibly three or more—lives were about to end tragically.
Benjamin, I sent, take lead. Ravens, find this man. I showed them his face, their croaking grumbles turning to chattering as they lifted off and soared into the trees, the black mastiff bounding after them while I lifted off and flew in his wake.
Someone is ahead, Benjamin sent almost immediately, a flicker of a face telling me I was right, and Luke had made his last move. Because it wasn’t his features I made out, nor that of Miles Williams. Benjamin pulled out, showing me the rickety frame of the hip roof barn the ravens spotted the night before. Here, Mother.
Hurry. I pushed him harder, the white and black birds two streaks of feathers as they pointed the way, Benjamin only slowing as he reached the narrow clearing outside the wooden doors to the barn. One of them hung partially askew, the other cracked open just enough for us to squeeze through.
We’ve been here before. Conscio reminded me. They’d perched in this very space just this morning. Had we known…
No matter now, Caprice snapped. There are people inside, Georgia, and much anger. Danger threatens. How do you want to proceed?
That was the question. For the first time, I hesitated. Yes, I had my amazing mastiff and the ravens at my side, but my partner was missing. The other half of me. How could I act alone this way? So strange, this feeling, how I froze in place despite myself, locked into indecision and unfamiliarity so tightly it compressed my magic, my thoughts, my breath.
Mother, Benjamin sent gently. You’re not alone.
I know, Benny, I sent back, forcing air into my lungs, my mind past the moment—
—hot power, invisible to the eye, bending trees, throwing me backward—
I know, I repeated, finally accepting it. Let’s end this. And dropped my bubble of protection, entering the barn with Benjamin pushing through in front of me, the ravens tucking their wings as they soared past the opening in effortless flight.
My night vision wasn’t necessary, dull, yellow light rising from past a pile of discarded equipment and stacked straw bales rotting in the gloom. The scent of mildew and neglect tickled my nose, forcing me to hold my breath and the sneeze that loomed. I circled the mess mostly blocking the entry, Benjamin hunkering low as he did the same, the faintest flutter of wings overhead settling as the ravens perched and observed.
Someone had parked a red and white truck in the middle of the mostly empty space in the center of the barn, a large, filthy tarp tossed to one side clearly a covering that had hidden the rusted, dented pickup for many years. That same someone had set a lantern on the rotting floorboards next to the front left bumper, a visible dent in the fender all the proof I needed, though the grille guard showed no sign of old blood. Washed clean before the truck was tucked away forever, no doubt.
Two men sat in the front seat, though it only took the briefest of touches from my power to prove they were still alive, only unconscious, my necromancy bouncing back with steady heartbeats and breathing. While Tommy Cooper sat behind the wheel, I wasn’t surprised to find his father leaning into him on the passenger’s side, the back club cab empty. Because the three men who’d occupied those seats were already dead.
That only left Luke Morrison, the weighty depth of his grief so bare and raw I was able to track his movements without seeing him, unsurprised when he emerged from the darkness with a large, red canister in one hand.
With the two men in the cab unconscious, I could have risked magic. They’d never know, and it was clear to me from the expression on his face, from what he’d done, Luke Morrison was in the midst of some kind of psychotic episode. But, before I could decide, act, choose to break the laws that bound my power, he looked up.
Nodded to me.
“Hello, Detective Drake,” he said. “Welcome to the end of the road.”
Talking it was, then. I stepped out into the low light, hands outstretched. Only then noting his left hand might hold a gas can but the right, now pointed directly at me, had a gun. Hadn’t I told Benjamin not to get shot for me, after Mavis’ warning? Except it wasn’t Austin Cooper we had to worry about.
“This is the truck that killed Riley Gray.” Advanced human weapons were odd things, reacted differently to magic than more traditional ones like swords or axes. Gunpowder had a nullifying influence on some spells, the combination of elements interfering with execution. Not that I planned on letting him shoot any of us, mind you, but I needed to be careful, just in case.
Hopefully, Mavis’ warning wasn’t foresight after all.
“Yes,” Luke said, gesturing at it with the gas can, gun level and steady. While he seemed lucid and appeared calm, I gently inserted myself into the edge of his aura and read the depth of his grief, the spiral of his own storm as thunder rumbled in the distance. He’d broken a month ago, and this was the result. “We killed her that night. Tommy and Jim and Charlie and Nick and me.” He rhymed off their names in a string almost like a song. “They said she was a deer. I knew better. We all did. We killed her and left Megan there.”
I nodded, though he had the name wrong, calling up the death of his wife instead of that of Riley Gray. No point in arguing with his damaged mind, not now. Instead, hands still outstretched, I attempted to appease him. Benjamin hold, I sent as he stalked forward a step.
I won’t let him harm you, Mother, the mastiff replied.
Nor will we. Conscio and Caprice connected with me, their vision showing me what they could see through a gap in the wall of the barn, revealing Mavis’ arrival.
Perfect. I just needed to keep him distracted another moment and maybe we could wrap this up without magic after all. Jerked my attention back to Luke, knowing using my power had to be my last resort. Except, as I debated taking him down with power and damn the consequences, Luke acted before I could make up my mind, and far more quickly than I expected. My power instinctively reached for him, but he’d already moved. Leaped up to the back of the truck, standing in the box, gun aimed at me, the gas can tipping, as he emptied the contents over the cab and under his feet. And then himself even as Mavis joined me.
And curse the Fates for their continuing grudge, she wasn’t alone.
“Sheriff,” Luke said, dull and toneless, identifying the source of my fresh annoyance. I glared at the necromancer ME who shrugged, Mavis’ own face twisted in frustration. Harriet stepped forward, her own gun out, aimed at Luke, the stench of the spilled gasoline wafting over me as a stiff breeze ahead of the approaching storm washed tainted air through the musty barn. “I’m glad you’re here. To witness this. It’s finally over, Sheriff. Tell Miles… tell him, I’m sorry. I never meant for him to be accused all over again. This was never about him. I just wanted him to see I was here to make them pay.”
“Tell me what it is about, Luke.” Harriet’s compassion hadn’t disappeared, her kindness reaching him, at least enough he answered, though I already knew what he was going to say.
“I need to pay for my crime,” Luke said. “And so do they.” He gestured at the still unconscious pair in the front seat. Only then did I realize the back window was open and both men were soaked by the same gas Luke used on himself. “That’s why they died, you know.” He started to shake, enough the gun wavered, but didn’t lower. “Why I lost Megan and Skyler. That same stretch of highway. Right where we killed Riley that night.” He sobbed once, caught his breath, hiccupped before wiping at his nose with the back of his now empty hand, the discarded canister at his feet making a clatter as it fell. Another boom of thunder rolled, this time preceded by a flash of white light outside, the storm drawing near, rising wind shaking the rafters, forcing Luke to raise his voice to be heard. “Even Mother Nature knows what we did.” He raised his free arm over his head, looking up. “I was drunk the night Riley died. We all were. And I was drunk the night I killed my wife and daughter.” Luke choked, gagged, shook his head. Pointed the gun at the back of Austin’s head. “And he covered it up for me again, Harry. Did you know that? He did it again.”
That I hadn’t known, nor, it seemed, had the sheriff who flinched but didn’t waver in her focus. “I was at the accident, Luke,” she said. “You took the breath test. You were sober.”
“He told the deputy who gave it to me to look the other way,” Luke said. “I called him, and he called Grant and that was that. But it was my fault, Harry. Just like it was that night when we killed Riley. I stole the rum from my dad. The rum we all drank. I killed her, and now I’m paying for it.” He shuddered. “Now we’re all paying for it. Because if I don’t make them pay, Harry, worse will happen. Fate took my family, karma.” I wasn’t going to argue because I knew they had that ability, though targeting a normal human wasn’t something they typically did. “When we’re gone, they can rest, Harry. All of them.” He sobbed one last time. “I can rest.”
It seemed the two men in the cab of the truck disagreed, both coming to awakening with a breath of my magic to stir them to the surface. Mavis threw me a look, her own power ready, though what we could do I still hadn’t figured out, hoping the now thrashing and yelling former sheriff and his son, both crying out for Luke to stop, might distract him enough.
For what? For Harriet to shoot him? I had no doubt she could handle the weapon in her hands, but actually pulling the trigger on another soul was far different than hitting a paper target.
Luke backed away from the front of the box, reaching into his pocket. Pulled out a small, silver square, lightning striking so close by I felt the ion sizzle of its impact, the roar of answering thunder making Benjamin howl and the ravens flutter.
I had to risk it. Magic was the only way. But before I could act, Mavis did it for me. The perfect distraction, the flickering, hovering image of his dead wife and daughter appearing in front of Luke who wavered, reached for them with both hands, cried out their names.
Harriet shuddered beside me, gaping, her own gun falling as she stared at the spectacle. Luke dropped his gun, but clung to the lighter, taking a step toward the contrived image of his deceased loved ones as I took my shot even as he flipped the top open and struck the flame.

***

Chapter Twenty Six

There was little time to think and none to consider the consequences, not any longer. Though apparently, the Fates had finally had enough fun at my expense, because the instant Luke’s thumb touched the spinning wheel of the lighter, I had an instinctual idea that I seized on and utilized with a wash of magic contained in a whisper.
You see, gasoline was flammable, the fumes alone enough to spark the kind of explosive reaction that could rival the marching storm overhead given the right circumstances.
Water, on the other hand? Not so much. And while yes, I used magic in front of normals, the only outcome? The transmutation of said gasoline into that most harmless and sustaining of fluids. Which meant I bypassed the law, if with a squeak and a plea. I didn’t cast magic on Luke himself personally, after all. I’d merely transformed the liquid around him.
Sophistry at its best. Taking a bow.
Harriet’s scream of terror as the flame woke on the lighter ended a moment later as she straightened from her reflexive crouch, shaking and staring. Luke, for his part, stared at the flickering flame in his hand with a shocked expression, touching the fire to his person only to have it wink out as water dripped onto the ignition source.
It was enough to break him. With a scream that ripped through the echoing thunder marching overhead, Luke fell to his knees in the bed of the truck that took the life of Riley Gray and sobbed into his hands while Harriet rushed forward to take him into custody as the sound of ponderous rain broke on the roof of the musty old barn, washing the last of the gasoline stench away.
***
Mavis watched the EMTs tuck Luke into the back of the ambulance, the shot she’d given him to settle his seemingly inconsolable sobbing doing its job. While he had stopped weeping, however, his mumbling didn’t fade, nor did the depth of his truly shattering grief I could only skim the edges of before forcing myself back away from him so his despair didn’t become contagious.
“If he was one of us,” Mavis whispered to me while the ambulance drove off, “he’d have been contained long before now. He’d have infected half the state with any power behind him.”
Unfortunately, there had been no outward sign of Luke’s psychosis thanks to his lack of power, and he’d been left to suffer and fall deeper into the darkness that more than likely would claim him at some point.
“I can’t believe we got that lucky.” Harriet joined us, blowing out a dazed breath in a whistle, shoes squelching in a puddle. The rain had come and gone as quickly as the storm, faint flashes and rumbles in the distance the only evidence it had even been here. “The idiot used the wrong can, can you believe it?” Easy enough to nudge her into that belief, to do the same to Tommy and Austin, without further seeding the space with magic. The ravens had already done a flyby, their power softening the edges of the energy I’d used, that Mavis did to create the illusion to distract Luke. As long as no one was actually paying attention, by the time the ravens were done, no one of our kind would be the wiser.
Though, the sheriff’s fresh frown and flicker of anxiety told me this wasn’t entirely over.
“Did you two see…?” Right, the supposed apparitions of Rachel and Skyler. There wasn’t much I could do about that, nor Mavis, not without actually breaking a law. Sanctioned creation of a backstory was one thing, supervised by the Guild in question. But unsanctioned tampering with memories of normal humans to hide magical activity was just a bit too far over the line for comfort. Good thing for us, Harriet was such a practical soul. She shook her head then, barked a little laugh as Austin and Tommy were led out of the barn by a pair of state police, the deputies standing off, glaring at her though she didn’t seem to notice. She was going to have trouble with her staff, if not the council, but Harriet wasn’t interested in such things as she waved off her question before Mavis or I could answer. “Never mind,” she said. “Pressure of the moment and all. Poor Luke.”
Yes, indeed.
Austin paused near us, the state trooper nodding to Harriet who collected herself quickly and nodded back.
“I was sure I smelled gas.” His dazed expression had paled him out to near gray, Tommy not looking much better.
“It’s an old rig,” Harriet offered the cover Mavis, and I didn’t even have to come up with, bless her. “You were smelling that. Gas tank rusted through after twenty years hidden out here.” She glanced toward the open door to the barn, at the state forensics team examining the bumper of the truck before she met his eyes again. “Just like you hid Miles’ car to keep anyone from knowing the truth.” She squinted up at him. “I’m guessing there’ll be some old trace of Riley Gray on that truck of yours,” she said. I had no doubt she was right. Mavis would make sure of that, even if magic was required to see it through. “The council can’t protect you from that, Austin.”
“They won’t have to, Sheriff Quinn,” Tommy said. “I’m done hiding, Dad. Lie if you want, but it’s time everyone knew what happened.” Head down, he let the trooper lead him off.
Good to know at least one of the Coopers was willing to face the music.
Resentment returned to the old sheriff’s face, but he didn’t argue, the trooper holding him guiding him away while Harriet turned to us and let out a quick, happy breath, eyes alight, grinning wide and full of bounce as she bobbed on her toes in barely suppressed glee.
“That,” she said, “was amazing.” Caught her breath, flinched a little. “Is that wrong?”
I laughed, hugged her impulsively. “Harriet,” I said, “why didn’t you ever go to the academy?”
She shrugged when I let her go, blushing in the bright lights of the cruisers parked around the barn entrance. “I always wanted to,” she said. “But Austin Cooper said I wasn’t good enough.” Harriet’s happiness faded. “And maybe he was right, once upon a time. But not anymore.”
Mavis hugged her, too. “Proved that, I think,” she said.
But the sheriff shook her head, looking back and forth between us. “You two helped so much,” she said. “I couldn’t have done it without you.” As far as I was concerned, Harriet could have all the credit and no doubt Mavis felt the same. The sheriff beamed at me. “A bit late, but welcome to Whitewitch Island, Georgia.”
I’d had worse welcomes.
Don’t ask.

***

Chapter Twenty Seven

I watched Sam Spencer as he expertly handled the boards for my deck and caught myself smiling, wondering just how skilled those hands could be under the right conditions.
Georgia Drake. Honestly.
It was nice to see Miles Williams working side-by-side with him, a surprise to discover the former community pariah had decided to stay on Whitewitch Island.
“Mona let me see Brian,” he’d confessed to me this morning. “He recognized me.” Miles’ smile hopefully meant he’d begun his own healing. “Fred’s still not all that keen on me being around, but I offered to do some work around the house, rebuild their ramp and such. Spend time with Bri.” He’d sniffled, looked away, a tear escaping before his smile came back. “So, I guess I’ll stick around a bit.”
It turned out he’d decided not to come to the barn last night, though I’d only found out after checking my phone long after the party was over.
Whoever is doing this, they can keep their hate, he’d sent shortly after I’d arrived at the accident site. I know what happened and I don’t owe anyone anything.
Hope. A rare commodity at times. But Miles had found some and I could only trust the Fates had better things in store for him now. He’d certainly earned it.
Sam caught me watching, waved. I wiggled my fingers over the rim of my coffee mug, wondering what Miles’ presence meant to our pending lunch. Or maybe I’d suggest dinner instead since three was a crowd.
Make that four. No, six, the snoring ravens perched over Benjamin who lay beneath them, curled up in his bed, watching me watching Sam.
I just want to help, he whined in my head.
He’d been banished to the living room only a few minutes ago, his helping amounting to a box of screws being knocked over, a pile of wood toppling, and Miles tripping over him and almost hitting his head.
You have other skills, I said. Carpentry isn’t one of them.
He grumbled and sighed deeply, making me smile all over again.
My skin tingled, the over-caffeination of my day begun hours ago with a morning outing with Olive and Holly. I hadn’t expected Mavis to join us, the ME winking at me over the rumor going around that Luke’s wife and daughter haunted Whitewitch Island.
“One of the deputies told me,” Olive said, her attempt at a conspiratorial whisper forcing me to hide my grin behind my cup because Holly’s eye-roll was impressive, to say the least. “The sheriff herself saw them. Poor Luke.”
No offense meant, but I was very tired of that sentiment.
When Harriet joined us, at least Olive refrained from asking questions, she and Holly leaving us when the daughter dragged the mother away for a promised shopping trip on the mainland. The moment they were gone, Harriet got down to business filling us in on final details.
“Both Tommy and Austin agreed to confess to their parts in Riley’s death and the cover-up.” She sounded relieved but glanced side to side as though expecting some instant repercussions to land on her for talking about it out loud. “I encouraged Miles to apply for a pardon, so hopefully he does.” An excellent idea. “They took you up on the mental hospital suggestion, Mavis,” she said to the ME. “Luke’s on the mainland. I guess his lawyer is claiming he was out of his mind at the time of the deaths.” While she sounded skeptical, I truly believed Luke would be better off in some kind of mental health situation rather than the harsh environs of prison. “Whatever happens, the truth is finally out and that’s all I care about.” She nodded once, lips pursed.
“Any backlash from the council?” Mavis’ growling question had Harriet shrugging.
“They can’t very well accuse me of wrongdoing considering they supported a man who now admits he broke the law.” She didn’t seem completely convinced, but I was less worried about Harriet now than I had been. “Term’s up in November, so we’ll see, won’t we?”
At least Austin Cooper wouldn’t be trying to take her job.
“Listen, Georgia,” Harriet said, paused then rushed on. “I’m really grateful for everything you did. I learned a lot from you. I hope nothing like this ever happens again.”
The silent “but” hung between us in a bobbing little bundle of hope I answered with a smile.
“You know I’m happy to help, Harriet,” I said. Inhaled a long breath, looked around with a feeling of peace and contentment. “This is my home too, after all.”
She grinned at me. “So it is,” she said.
“You’re sure my help will be welcome in the future?” I hadn’t exactly left the two council members I’d met with a good first impression. No fault of my own, but there it was.
“Turns out that Captain Sathroy of yours had nothing but good things to say,” Harriet said. “I was actually authorized to offer you an acting deputy position if the need ever arises.” She blushed slowly, smile fading. “Not that you would ever work for me or anything.”
I squeezed her hand, surprised to be so delighted by her offer. “I’m in.”
Harriet left us, Mavis lingering, her own sigh emerging rather discontented.
“Miss it?” I winked at her when she wrinkled her nose at me.
“Every day,” she said. “You?”
“Not so much anymore,” I said.
Mavis laughed. “I guess you’re right,” she said. “Nothing like a mystery to keep things interesting.” Looked up at the clear, blue sky before I could suggest she maybe watch what she said around me in particular. “That’s not a request,” she said with some annoyance before meeting my gaze again. “Fates.”
Apparently, I wasn’t the only one who had a gripe with the three mistresses of the loom.
My phone rang, dragging me back to the present and the truly delicious view out my back window. I sighed and reached for my cell, glancing at the number.
You’re not going to answer? Benjamin’s pouting wasn’t over if his tone of voice meant anything.
It’s Mom, I sent back. Let it go to voicemail, though the moment it stopped ringing, a text landed.
I sent you a housewarming gift, she sent. And I know you ignored my call, Georgia.
I snorted over the message. Looked up, remembering the envelope that I’d discovered in my mailbox. It lay, forgotten in the turmoil of the last few days, on the kitchen counter, though I frowned at the size of it before reaching for it.
Mom’s gifts tended toward the grandiose and dramatic, so whatever lay inside the small envelope was either going to explode into a bout of epic magic I’d never hide from the men outside, or it wasn’t from her.
I took the risk, power sliding over it, found it absent of any kind of magic. Well, maybe she’d picked something mundane as a nod to my new life. If only she knew this new life felt a bit like the old thanks to the case I’d just helped solve. Not that she’d ever know.
The seal parted easily, the folded piece of paper inside scribed with a simple message, a single sentence handwritten in black ink.
Enjoy your retirement, Georgia.
That was it.
Though it wasn’t, was it? Because as the fingers of one hand grasped the side of the page, the index of the other encountered a small, hard prize inside the envelope.
I didn’t realize Benjamin was at my side nor that I’d sunk to the stool at the kitchen island, my heart pounding, pulse racing inside me as two things struck me harder than any physical or even magical blow could have.
First, the ring I slid out onto the countertop, plain silver with a single black stone, was familiar enough it made tears well in my eyes as that pounding of my heart smothered me in the thudding ache as one beat skipped before jerking painfully back into rhythm.
His ring. The ring I gave Elias when we became partners. The ring I could never find after his death. Gone from the body they’d brought in, missing, lost forever, I’d thought. The last piece I had of him, gone.
Not gone.
Only one soul could have taken possession of it that night. And chose to return it to me. Along with the second shock.
The ink on the note. Wasn’t. Wasn’t ink.
I’d know Elias’ blood anywhere.
Enjoy your retirement, Georgia. The enemy.
Made his last mistake.

Want more Georgia Drake?
Look for book two of the Whitewitch Island Paranormal Cozies!
Dead And Buried is available
RIGHT HERE!
Find her series at all fine retailers!
Before you go… I have a very important question for you.
Like me, have you always wanted to be a writer?
If the answer is no, carry on.
If yes… let’s talk.
As writers, we leap into new ideas with passion and commitment. But there are times when, despite our best efforts, we begin with the best intentions only to find ourselves lost and frustrated, not knowing where to take our brilliant idea, finally forced to abandon it for the next wonderful story that lures us onward.
Sound familiar? There’s hope, I promise!
I teach a program that can help you evolve your idea from the core construct to the finished product. No more aimless wandering, no more worry you've missed something important. And so long to the fear you won't be able to finish. I will take you, step by step, through my process, the process I've developed over years of experience, adding the best of my varied education to give you the means to get your own book done. The same process I used to write over 150 books in ten years.
Curious? Ready to say yes?
Find Book Done 101 RIGHT HERE.
You can write the books of your dreams. And I’m here to help.

###

Author Notes

My very dear reader,
I hope you’ve enjoyed Georgia Drake’s first adventure. She’s been such a joy to get to know, her dark and complicated past, the paranormal world she left more complicated than most of the voices who come to me. I’m already working on book two of The Whitewitch Island Paranormal Cozies with more about George, Benjamin, and the ravens. Dead And Buried is coming up next!
Once I’m done, I’ll be rejoining Phoebe Monday with her pending book three, Drawn To Death, coming shortly as well as another brand-new character I can’t wait for you to meet. Abigail Wilde and the Covenant of All Hallow Cozy Mysteries have been waiting for several years for attention, so I’ll be tackling her first book later this year. For now, however, I’m off to Circe to help George navigate life as just folks—and another murder investigation.
Thank you for reading and, for now, as always, safe and healthy out there and happy reading.
Best,
Patti

About the Author 

Everything you need to know about me is in this one statement: I’ve wanted to be a writer since I was a little girl, and now I’m doing it. How cool is that, being able to follow your dream and make it reality? I’ve tried everything from university to college, graduating the second with a journalism diploma (I sucked at telling real stories), am an enthusiastic member of an all-girl improv troupe (if you’ve never tried it, I highly recommend making things up as you go along as often as possible) and I get to teach and perform with an amazing group of women I adore. I’ve even been in a Celtic girl band (some of our stuff is on YouTube!) and was an independent filmmaker (go check out the Lovely Witches Club at https://lovelywitchesclub.com). My life has been one creative thing after another—all leading me here, to writing books for a living. 
Now with multiple series in happy publication, I live on beautiful and magical Prince Edward Island (I know you’ve heard of Anne of Green Gables) with my multitude of pets. 
I love-love-love hearing from you! You can reach me (and I promise I’ll message back) at patti@pattilarsen.com. And if you’re eager for your next dose of Patti Larsen books (usually about one release a month) come join my mailing list! All the best up and coming, giveaways, contests and, of course, my observations on the world (aren’t you just dying to know what I think about everything?) all in one place: https://bit.ly/PattiLarsenEmail.
Last—but not least!—I hope you enjoyed what you read! Your happiness is my happiness. And I’d love to hear just what you thought. A review where you found this book would mean the world to me—reviews feed writers more than you will ever know. So, loved it (or not so much), your honest review would make my day. Thank you!
