
Death in the Garage
James Ward 

Copyright 2020  by James Ward

Smashwords Edition
Table of Contents
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
CHAPTER 1 Murder Setting
CHAPTER 2 Revelations
CHAPTER 3 Suspects Galore
CHAPTER 4 Awash in Possibilities
CHAPTER 5 Celebrations and Shootings
CHAPTER 6 Freydis and Thorvard
CHAPTER 7 More Suspects
CHAPTER 8 Even More
CHAPTER 9 New Guns in Town
CHAPTER 10 Connections?
CHAPTER 11 Lies and More Lies
CHAPTER 12 Corner the Culprit?
CHAPTER 13 Freydis Resorts to Violence
CHAPTER 14 Gunnar Half and Half Bears Responsibility
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Acknowledgements
I would like to give credit to my late wife, Roberta Shannon Ward, an inveterate mystery reader, for the books’ plots and characters. When she became too ill to teach high school, we decided to write a mystery. We outlined the books as we cooked dinner. When we had a stack of paper filled with scribbling topped off with dried sauces, vegetable parts, and much unidentifiable dinner matter, we agreed she would write and I would proofread. She found that she” hadn’t the voice” to write and we switched roles. We enjoyed it so much that we finished a second and were into a third when Roberta died. I finished that one alone.
My sister, Sharon Caher, who lives in what she calls “the Miami of the North”, Olcott, New York, is my Vice President for Production. She spent years in the Buffalo public schools’ IT department and knows how to make these infernal machines operate. She set up our whole system, created the book covers, and figured out how to take out many of my reading gaffes. She is working to put the printed copies of the volumes on line.
 Keeping the team in the family, my grandson Henry Ward Chambers, my Vice President for Public Relations, has splashed mention of the Shard Chronicles across the etherscape. He came up with our name and the word is, he has even listened to our podcasts. My daughter, Anne Ward, encouraged me to take this on and has done a heroic job of riding herd on my PRVP. She has also lured her husband and older son, Ted, to listen to Shard’s travails
Diana Barrow, an accomplished soul, whom I’ve never seen without a book, often a mystery, was my ace editor. She recommended gobs of changes, many of them structural, all of which made for better reading. She is one of the best editors I have ever had. My friend, Juliana Ratliff, donated her closet to the Shard project. She allowed me to set up my broadcasting studio in it, somewhere between the navy blue and black garments, to drown out sirens, lawn lawn equipment, robo callers, traffic noises, and the like. Best of all, she feeds me!
These congenial folks made this project fun and I heartily thank all of them for their efforts. If you enjoyed Shard’s adventures, thank the folks mentioned above. If you did not, blame me!
CHAPTER 1
Murder Setting
Monday
John Skibinski was a placid hunk of a man. Born and raised in the Adirondacks, he knew how to deal with the vagaries of its mountains and weather. Christmas this year had been unusually snowy. He had hunkered down in his one-room, tarpaper cabin through three ferocious storms, the most recent of which dumped over three feet of snow on the frozen lake behind his shack. December was not usually the stormiest month. The blizzards that roared off Tug Hill favored January. Skibinksi feared that these were a portent of what was to come. 
The last storm had been a dandy. He hadn't talked to anyone for over two weeks because he had no phone. He didn't mind the solitude if he could get outside. But after three days holed up with only the glow of his wood stove and Patsy, a medium-sized brown stray who advertised all of her genetic mutations, Skibinski was antsy. The storm had finally spent its fury and was followed by brilliant sunshine.
Patsy jumped on the running board of his dilapidated International Harvester pickup, ready for adventure. When Skibinski opened its door she hopped up to her favorite spot on the seat to watch him shovel the truck out so they could check on the camps he looked after for the summer folk.
There was no traffic on Route 28 and Skibinski moseyed along at twenty miles per hour and talked to Patsy while he eyed the camps along the lake. He didn't expect any break-ins given the nasty weather, but he was worried about a couple of roofs that were too flat for Black Lake's often near-record snowfalls. It wasn’t fun to shovel roofs anymore, but that's what camp owners paid him to do and he was, by his own avowal, a dependable man.
Half way down the lake he glimpsed the faintest tire tracks that led into the Fosters' garage that abutted the highway. He thought they must have been made before the last storm because they were barely discernible. The Fosters had been up for Christmas, he guessed, although they hadn't notified him that they were coming. He stopped and looked the house over carefully. Everything seemed normal and no smoke came from the chimney, so he figured they must have left before the storm. 
He stopped at Black Lake's general store, a bar and grill, post office, and gas station. Its owner, Ned Black, claimed that the crossroads and lake were named for him, although he was a newcomer to the area having lived there only thirty-two years. He and his wife Frieda had an apartment above the store and the two of them knew everything that transpired around the lake, which wasn’t much in the winter. As Skibinski unbuckled his galoshes, Patsy bounded over to Ned who already had her dog treat out.
"No mail today, John," he said as he rubbed and fed  Patsy.
"I'm not surprised," Skibinski said. It was their stock greeting. He never received mail. He had no utilities in his cabin and paid cash for everything. He liked being disconnected from the modern world; he lived like the old Adirondack mountain men he so admired.
Frieda joined them as they drank their coffee. The only news of note since Skibinski had seen them was the three feet of snow outside and they wrung a half hour's conversation out of it. As Skibinski stood up to leave, he asked, "did the Fosters stop here when they were up?"
"They never come up this time of year."
Skibinski thought about that as he and Patsy drove back. To the old mountain tracker it looked as if a car drove only into the garage. Very strange, he thought. 
Later that evening he settled into his imitation leather La-Z-Boy that he had found in the town dump. Somebody threw it away because it was stuck in the halfway reclining position. Skibinski brought it home and left it like that. It was perfect for sleeping. But tonight, even after a couple shots of whiskey, he didn't doze off. The ruts nagged him. He’d tracked animals across the Adirondacks all his life and he was certain that they led only into the garage. 
He put on his tattered dark green corduroy coat, the color of Adirondack spruce, threw a log in the stove, turned down his lamp, and went out to his truck where Patsy already sat on the running board. He was surrounded by the moonlight reflected off the snow and total silence. 
He stopped short of Fosters' garage and shone his flashlight beam across the indentations. The faint shadows confirmed his suspicions. He ordered Patsy to stay in the truck and walked between the tire prints up to the door. He didn't need his keys; the garage was unlocked.
He found a white Ford Expedition with a local license plate inside. He didn't recognize it. He knew only it couldn’t be the Fosters', they bought Toyotas and Hondas. When their family gathered in August the driveway looked like a Japanese parking lot.
He shone his flashlight into the darkly tinted windows, but couldn't see anything. When he opened the driver's door he involuntarily stepped back a step. A well-dressed man slumped over the steering wheel. Only his seat belt kept him from collapsing on it or falling across the seat. 
"Jesus, Mary, and Joseph," he said. He searched for blood but didn’t see any. The guy looked like he had fallen asleep and frozen to death. Skibinski hurried out of the garage and drove as fast as his old truck allowed to Black Lake to call the Leyden County Sheriff's Office.
Monday
Lieutenant Thomas Shard, chief of the Leyden County Sheriff’s Department detectives, was at home with four fingers of Highland Park single malt scotch and a strong urge to have a cigarette. He went out to his kitchen, opened a vanilla wafer box, and shook out an unfiltered Camel.
Christmas had been better than he had expected. After his long-time live-in, Hope, left him almost four years ago, his holidays were lonesome. He was near forty and lived alone in the house he had grown up in. He loved the place, especially its knee-hole windows that made it look as if someone had squashed its upper floor, and the barn out back that sheltered his 1954 Morgan, the best looking car, Shard thought, God ever designed. Now, if He’d only make it start all the time.
He hadn't been alone this Christmas, however. His recently widowed former high school girlfriend, Ellen Misch, had come back into his life and had done much to draw him out of the emotional void he'd been in for far too long. He had celebrated Christmas in Buffalo with her and her twelve-year-old daughter, Alice. When they all went to the Buffalo Zoo, its newest arrival, a baby giraffe that stood on her wobbly legs, had fascinated Alice. Shard wondered if the giraffe thought that the tall and lanky Alice was her sister, but he kept the notion to himself. He nursed his Morgan home just ahead of the storm.
The phone yanked him out of his reverie.
"Lieutenant Shard." 
"Neil Hahn, Lieutenant." Hahn worked the department’s front desk twenty-fours a day, as far as Shard could tell. 
"Yeah, Neil, what do you have?"
"A body on Route 28 in a camp’s garage."
"Who found him?" 
"A local who lives in the woods and watches the camps in the winter."
"Any ID?" 
"Nope."
"OK, call Johnsen and Periwinkle and tell them I’ll meet them at the office. Where’s the camp?"
"Guy at the grocery store in Black Lake said about a mile north of his place."
"Got it. Oh yeah, roust Doc Fox out and send him up there too. Got to have confirmation that the corpse is dead. Put some cotton in your ears when you call him, he ain't going to be happy."
It took thirty minutes to get to the camp. Shard pulled up next to Skibinski's old pickup in which he and Patsy kept warm. When Patsy saw Shard she barked, yapped, and clawed the window. Shard prudently approached Skibinski's side and said, "he's one protective dog."
"She's a girl." 
"And you are?" 
"John Skibinski."
"Where do you live John?"
"Head of Black Lake."
"You find the car in there?"
"Yup."
"When?"
"About an hour ago."
"Did you touch anything?" 
Skibinski frowned, "how'd you think I got the door open?"
"That's not what I mean. All I want to know is whether you touched the body or anything inside the car?"
"Why would I touch the body? I've been hunting for sixty years. I know when something's dead."
"I'm sure you do," Shard said as he shone his flashlight across the tire tracks. He could barely see them.
"You've got good eyes, John." 
"Yup, been tracking all my life." 
Patsy snarled as if to emphasize Skibinski's assertion. 
"I'd like you to stay a few minutes to talk to my deputy." 
Shard stepped in Skibinski's footprints into the garage. He liked to have a few minutes alone with his victims. He needed to 'take in' the scene as he called it, to sense the mood around the crime scene. He noticed, for example, that the SUV had been recently washed. Whoever owned it was the fastidious sort. 
He walked to the driver's side and tried to see through the tinted windows, which he hated. He wanted to see whether the other driver saw him. The driver's door was closed all the way which made him realize that Skibinski was a careful, perhaps compulsive, man. 
Shard opened the door gingerly so as not to disturb death and leaned in to look at the man. He appeared to be in his fifties, well dressed in a gray wool herringbone sport coat, white shirt, and tie, none of which were mussed or dirty. Shard couldn't see any evidence of foul play or blood, nothing. His first inclination was that the man had driven into the garage, closed the door, and left his motor running. It wasn't unheard of in the North Country. Every year somebody drank a bellyful and tried to sleep it off in his garage. Shard had never understood the compulsion, although he suspected it was probably the same impulse that prompted drunks to snooze on railroad tracks. His speculations ended when he noticed that the key was in the off position. Dead men don't turn off their motors, he thought. If carbon monoxide hadn't killed him, what had? 
Sergeant Knut Johnsen brought him back to reality. "What've we got here, Boss?" 
"A middle-aged man who appears to have died a neat, tidy death. See if you recognize him. I can’t from what I little I can see of his face."
As Johnsen leaned in, Sergeant Sharon Periwinkle came into the garage.
"Boss, why do we always get these calls in the middle of the night when it's colder than the proverbial well digger's elbows?"
"Seems that way, doesn't it?"
"I don't think I know this guy Boss,” Johnsen said.  “I can't get a good look at his face either without touching him, but he looks pretty prosperous. He sure kept his car clean. It's as neat as a pin in there."
Shard knew that he used the cliché just to irritate him. He hated clichés, even his own. A SUNY Albany English professor had broken his habit years ago. Shard didn't rise to Johnsen's provocation.
"Take a look Periwinkle, I know you've only been back here five or six months, but you might recognize him. Johnsen, the guy who found the body, John Skibinski, is out there in his truck. See what he knows. Watch that dog, she's possessive. And it's a bitch, Skibinski seems touchy about that. Get his address and let him go."
"Periwinkle withdrew her head from the car and said, "I don't know him either Boss. But he dressed well. That's an expensive coat, he didn't buy that in Leyden."
"Did you see what killed him?"
"No. The car's neat as a pin, much neater than mine. He was neurotically clean."
This must be the night to bury me under clichés, or worse, the same one, Shard thought. The sounds of a rattletrap vehicle distracted him. 
"That must be Doc Fox," he said to Periwinkle. She winced knowing what was to come. She'd have to stand in snow up to her knees and endure their skit.
Doc drove a 1953 Chevrolet pickup that Shard thought looked much older. A frugal man, Doc spray painted anything that portended rust and it looked like it had a bad case of the measles. In the winter he filled its bed with cinder blocks that shifted and made god-awful sounds that warned everyone within earshot that he was abroad.
His truck wheezed to a stop next to Skibinski's. Doc wore his hairy, liver- brown sport coat that made him look like Skibinski's dog. Doc was not fastidious. He sported an uneven stubble and looked like he had just crawled out of the dryer. He had his usual cigar butt clenched firmly in the corner of his mouth, although nobody had ever seen him light one. Rumors were that he bought boxes of butts to save money.
Doc was a fine pathologist who took a personal interest in his patients. He was anything but the friendliest humanoid, however, when called out in the middle of a winter's night to pronounce the obvious.
"Glad you could make our little party," Shard said. "It wouldn't be the same without your congenital cheerfulness. Besides, we have a well-to-do victim in there so he must be a friend of yours. I can't afford to run in your circles."
"Lieutenant, if you did your job I wouldn't be out here in the middle of the night slogging through this crap. You can't even keep Leyden's criminal element at bay in lousy weather. Helluva cop you are. And besides - "
"The guy's in the SUV. Looks dead to me. Take a look."
Doc glared at Shard as if he were personally responsible for the dead man. He looked in the car for what seemed to Shard a long time, and then said, "it's my professional opinion that I do know him and he's dead. Beyond redemption. Can't do a thing for him. Yup, he's profoundly dead."
"You know him?" 
"Sure, everybody who's anybody in town, Lieutenant, except Sheriff Stutzenberger's deputies, knows who he is, Stephen Harkness."
"The Harkness who runs the paper mill?" Periwinkle asked.
"No, the Harkness who owns the paper mill, the Harkness who employs half the people in the county, the Harkness who chairs every civic board in Leyden, the Harkness who's the town's social lion, the Harkness who never beat me at checkers. That Harkness. And remember my second point, he's dead. D-E-A-D."
"Well that clears one question up," Shard said. "We were wondering if he was really dead. We needed a medically trained professional to tell us." 
"And a fine training it was, Lieutenant. And now you're going to ask me what?"
"How long he's been dead?"
"It's the same answer that I always give you. I don't know. I don't know why you think I always know. Do I look like God?"
Periwinkle couldn't suppress a hearty laugh. Shard and Johnsen were tempted to join her. If God looked like Doc, Shard thought, it would set religion back millennia.
"What's so funny?" Fox asked Periwinkle.
"Nothing, sir."
"OK, we've established you're not God, but do you have a general idea of how long he's been here?" Shard asked.
"I'd say over three days and maybe one or two more," he replied without his usual half grin.
"What makes you say that?" 
"You're supposed to be the detective, but judging from the tire tracks I'd say the car came in before the last storm. And remember, this information is free of charge."
"Many thanks," Shard said. "But why add the day or two before that?"
"Easy, I was at the country club's Christmas Eve party with him. He was very much alive then."
"Is that the last time you saw him alive?"
"Yup. You haven't asked how I recognized him when the three of you super sleuths didn't."
"OK," Shard said, "I'll bite. How'd you recognize him?"
"That coat. He was wearing it at the cocktail party and I thought that if this one ever wears out - " Periwinkle chortled, Doc's hairy coat was worn out before the Korean War. "I'd ask him where he got it. It would look great on my svelte body."
If anyone wasn't svelte, it was Doc. He was as short and stubby as his cigar butts.
"One more question Doc. Have you any idea of what killed him?" 
"My guess is he died of heart trouble." 
"How'd you figure that?"
"We all die when our heart stops beating," Doc said with more than his usual half-grin.
"What stopped his heart?" 
"Now that's another question. I didn't see anything obvious that might have interrupted his ticker. We'll know more when I get him on the table. I'll take a look at him tomorrow morning, say nine o'clock."
Doc knew Shard hated autopsies. That's why he always scheduled them right after meals. 
"I'll be there."
"In the meantime your boys can sweep the scene and get Mr. Harkness over to my shop. I'll leave the back door unlocked. In fact, it's unlocked now. I don't have a key to it. And I want to thank you Lieutenant for getting me out into this bracing night air. Otherwise I might have wasted my time sound asleep under a couple of my great aunt's antique quilts. God forbid that I should have enjoyed all that warmth," Doc said as he ambled with an uneven gait towards his pick up. 
"You know guys," Shard said, "old Doc was in pretty good spirits tonight."
Tuesday Morning
Shard was late to his office and claimed his desk chair. He had only two chairs and since he, Johnsen, and Periwinkle spent a great deal of time in his office, the last arrival was sentenced to the upside-down wastebasket. Shard lifted up the corner of rug and picked up an unfiltered Camel, nice and round, just the way it was meant to be.
Periwinkle appeared and proffered an almost too cheery, "good morning Boss," as she slipped into the other chair. She was one of the Kaiser's better hires, Shard thought. The sheriff's nickname was their private guess of what the 'K' in Reeves K. Stutzenberger stood for. A college graduate, Periwinkle had come home to Leyden after her father's stroke to help her mother care for him. She was bright, enthusiastic, and almost beautiful. Tall, slim, and crowned with the most beguiling auburn-brown hair, she made his day whenever she walked in.
"How's your vacation?" he asked.
"Fine." 
"Did you stay in Leyden?"
"Most of the time. I finally unpacked all the boxes and settled into my apartment. It almost feels like home now."
"How's your father?"
"About the same. Therapy helps but he still can't walk unaided. His doctors are hopeful though." 
"Go out with any bikers?" Closed mouth about her personal life, she had inadvertently told them that she had once dated a Harley man. That news floored Shard and Johnsen who didn’t think she was the type. They found out later, however, that the biker was a chemical engineer and computer geek who taught her computer tricks that came in handy. She could find anything, even stuff she wasn't supposed to.
Periwinkle hesitated. Shard could tell she was debating whether to tell him something. Finally, she said, "no, but I did have a couple of dates."
"Good for you." Shard couldn't decide whether he was happy for her or envious.
"Anyone I know?" 
"He's a guy on my mother's list of good Catholic boys I should date. She and his mother fixed us up without telling us. He hated the idea as much as I did but we had a good laugh over it. Turns out he's a pretty nice guy and we've gone out a couple more times." 
Shard noticed that she hadn't answered his question. "What's his name?"
"Donald Bolton."
"Don't think I know him."
"I'm not surprised. He moved here just before I did to take a job at North Country Paper."
"Yeah? What's he do over there?"
"He's a production engineer, at least that's what he calls it. I couldn't tell you what he really does. I suppose he engineers production." 
Periwinkle was saved from further explanation when Johnsen breezed into the office. 
"Oh God, not the wastebasket again," he said in lieu of 'good morning.'
"Yup," Periwinkle and Shard replied.
As Johnsen adjusted his anatomy to its unfriendly contours, Shard said, "I have three messages for you that came while you were out living the good life over Christmas."
Johnsen looked up expectantly.
Shard fumbled around in the mess on his desk and pulled out a sheet of scratch paper. "Number one: Candyce Fortner, December 22, 'please call me back.' Number two: Candyce Fortner, December 23, 'I really need to hear from you.' Number three: Candyce Fortner, December 27, 'I gotta see you. I really do. I'll come up to Leyden. Call me.' Want me to read them again?" 
Johnsen had interviewed Candyce, a hair stylist in Smytheville, on the Landry case and she had come on to him so frontally, that he had been embarrassed. He had confessed to Shard and Periwinkle that 'the piece of fluff,' as everyone in the office called her, had cured him of chasing women. 
"I never called her. Tell her the next time not to call me at work, it's unprofessional."
"I doubt that will stop her," Shard said. "I think she's attracted to your mind and your interminable recitations of the Norse Sagas." 
Periwinkle emitted what sounded like an 'hhrrrumph.'
Eager to change the subject, Johnsen said, "I didn't get much out of that woodsman last night, but he sure is a character. Do you know that he doesn't have a phone?"
"I'm not surprised," Shard said. "The woods are full of folks who are disconnected from civilization."
"He didn't know Harkness, but that's not surprising. What's his name?" Johnsen pulled his spiral notebook out of his pocket. "Oh, yeah, John Skibinski. He's in the firewood business. When he saw the tire tracks he thought that the Fosters, who own the house, had been up for the holidays. Later it dawned on him that they never come up in the winter and if they had they would have notified him to turn on the heat and electricity and prime the water pump. He decided to check. It's funny that he didn't seem shocked when he found the body."
"He's been hunting all his life. He's used to dead things," Shard said.
"Yeah, but dead people?" 
"Look guys," Shard said, "I’ve got to go down to Doc's and watch him carve Harkness up. In fact I'm already late. I want you two to hit the street to see what you can find out about our late Mr. Harkness. But be discreet. He was a powerful man. I'll see you back here later."
He decided to walk the six blocks to Doc's office, which fronted the old canal basin. To fortify himself, Shard crossed the street to the cast-iron street lamp in front of Zwitter's Appliances and brushed the snow away from its base. He unscrewed the nut on the door near the bottom, pulled out a plastic bag, and took out a Camel. 
Although late, Shard took his time. The only good thing about Doc's autopsies was that he never dawdled. He was all business, he went in, found what he was looking for, and got out. Still, Shard hated them.
Around the cigar butt clamped between his teeth, Doc said, "I know time means nothing to cops, but mine is valuable because I have all that professional training." 
"Morning Doc." 
"Before we get to our Mr. Harkness, I can tell you what killed him."
"You can? What?"
"A sharp, ice-pick like thing, about eight inches long. Right into the chest, from the front. Neatest little hole you ever saw, almost no blood. He stopped living in an instant. Let me show you."
Doc took him into what Shard called the cave because the mold-green room had no windows to relieve its gloom. Harkness lay flat on his back with a sheet over him. Doc was neurotic about his patients' dignity. He pulled the sheet far enough down to expose a small, neat hole, just to the left of Harkness's breastbone.
"Nice job, huh? Either the killer was a professional or damned lucky. The pick went right straight in. Instant death. He didn't have to stab him fifty times until he looked like chopped meat."
"I see that," Shard replied, unable to fully appreciate its neatness.
"You don't have to stay. That's what killed him, no doubt about it. I'll check everything and send you one of my always thorough and thoughtful reports."
"If you'd translate it into English this time, I'd be grateful, and I'd like to know if Harkness was drunk when he died and whether he'd taken, shot, or smoked anything."
Doc backed away from the table with an incredulous look on his face. "How do you think I ascended to this exalted position lieutenant? On my good looks alone? No sireee, I did it the hard way, on my intelligence and the fact that my father was a close friend with the president of the city commission. I always check that stuff and if you can translate my report correctly maybe I'll let you challenge me to a game of checkers." Doc was Mohawk County's checker champion. He was so good that nobody would volunteer to play him. He had to dragoon patsies. Every day when Chet Hundly, Leyden's mailman, arrived at Doc's office, Doc had the board set up. Hundly couldn't leave until Doc beat him. The drubbing wasn’t the worst part, however. Doc also made him to drink a cup of his almost unpotable coffee. Hundly never mentioned the games; Doc wasn't so reticent.
Anxious to get out before Doc turned on his saw, which reminded Shard of every painful dental procedure he'd ever suffered, he bolted from the cave and walked up Tilden Avenue to Patel's, where he bought four donuts and two coffees to go. He'd skipped breakfast.
Tuesday Morning
He walked four doors up with his bag and went into Batdorf's Jewelry store. Patty Batdorf was leaning over the counter counting stuff. Shard wondered why jewelers took hourly inventory. If there were that many shoplifters in town why hadn't she reported them to him? 
"Hello beautiful."  Patty looked up with the biggest smile. Shard considered her one of the sweetest women in town. She had stayed in Leyden to help her parents with the store and now it was hers. Pear shaped, she looked exactly like all the Batdorfs, except for her long, graceful fingers.
"I'll trade you two donuts and a cup of Patel's best for, well, you know.” 
She scowled, but Shard recognized it was fake, and from under the twenties in her old-fashioned brass cash register she took out a Camel.
"I just got out from an autopsy," Shard said to explain his weakness.
Patty pointed wordlessly towards the door. She’d never let him smoke in her store even when it was legal. Now he couldn't smoke anywhere. He ignored the law in his office; the Kaiser didn't mind or maybe didn't know. O'Reilly, the barkeep next door at Schuylers, Shard's watering hole of choice, let everybody smoke. He once asked Shard, 'who's going to report me? You? After you've finished your cigarette?'
Neil Hahn caught him when he came into headquarters. "The sheriff wants to see you. He's been looking all over for you this morning."
"Weren't you on duty last night Neil?" 
"Yeah, I called you, remember?"
"That's my point. Don't you ever go home?"
"The sheriff won't let me. He's holding me hostage."
"I catch hell all the time for eating up the overtime budget," Shard said. "Now I know why it's always short, you live the high life on it."
"I never work the graveyard shift, Lieutenant, my wife doesn't like to be at home alone at night with the kids." Shard could believe it. Neil had something like eight kids and probably another couple on the way. 
"I understand," Shard replied. "Law enforcement officials can't seem to put a dent in the crime wave that convulses Leyden after dark."
Shard climbed the three flights to the Kaiser's office. His secretary-warden, Hilda Bluder, guarded his front door. She was tough, looked a little like a bulldog, was loyal to Stutzenberger, and knew everything that went on in the department.
"It's about time you saw fit to pay us a visit, Lieutenant." 
"I've been looking all over for you this morning, Hilda. Glad I finally found you." She didn't crack a smile.
"The sheriff wants to talk to you."
"That's what Neil just told me. I hightailed it up here as soon as I heard."
Hilda tossed him a disbelieving look. "I'll bet." 
Stutzenberger, as always, was stuffed in his oversized chair, hands clasped over the top of his more than ample stomach, his walrus mustache twitching just a little. Shard couldn't tell whether he was pleased or displeased, his Boss was a master at masking his emotions.
"Nice weather today," Shard said, "but looks like another storm on the way." The Kaiser was obsessed with the weather. His office was crammed with meteorological instruments.
"The glass is holding steady for the moment, but we are due for more snow tonight. This has been the third worst December for snowfall in the county since 1889. One more storm and we may break that record. Shard was certain the Kaiser would love nothing better, bad weather always improved his mood. He loved fronts, high or low, it made no difference. During the summer when an infrequent high-pressure system stalled atop Leyden and the weather remained sunny and warm for as long as a week, the Kaiser always got out of sorts. 
"Why didn't you come up this morning to tell me what you have on Stephen Harkness's murder?"
"I left you a note and I had nothing to add to it until about twenty minutes ago." 
"And what did you learn twenty minutes ago?" 
"He was murdered with an ice pick, one thrust, from the front, straight into his heart. Doc figures instantaneous death."
The sheriff shifted his bulk and glanced at Abe Lincoln nailed to the wall across from his desk. They were sure signs that he was about to say something of interest.
"Harkness was a friend of mine. He belonged to the country club and we often met socially. Plus, I'm sure you are well aware, he had a lot of political influence that was useful to me." 
"Yes sir," Shard said. "When did you see him last?"
The Kaiser thought a moment, "at the club's Christmas Eve party."
"You didn't see him anywhere afterwards? At church maybe?" Stutzenberger was a stout Lutheran and although Shard guessed somebody named Harkness probably wasn’t, it was worth a stab.
"Harkness was an Episcopalian. You'd better ask at his church. No, I haven't seen him since then. How long do you think he's been dead?"
"That's what we're trying to figure out. The tire tracks into the garage predate the last storm, so that's at least three days. You and Doc haven't seen him since Christmas Eve, so if he died that night that would add another two days. But we haven't been able to confirm that. The cold weather made it impossible for Doc to narrow the time of death any closer."
The Kaiser twiddled his fingers and stared at Abe.
"One small piece of evidence is that he was found wearing the same sport coat that he wore to your Christmas Eve party. That doesn't mean much, but you figure a guy like him probably changed coats often. If so, that would indicate he was killed right after your party."
"I don't know how often he changed his clothes," Stutzenberger said. "I do know that he was an important man in Leyden. This is going to be a high-profile investigation. The Sun-Times people have been all over me this morning. I have scheduled a news conference at four this afternoon. At least now I have something to say."
One of the Kaiser's more enduring traits was that he never required Shard to attend these things, to repeat ad nauseam, 'no comment' or even worse, 'I don't know.' He protected his officers as much as he could from outside pressure, but faced with a strong opponent in the upcoming election, Shard feared he might make an exception in this case. 
"I suppose you know," the Kaiser brought Shard back into the room, "that Harkness was one of my bigger supporters. He'd already made a hefty contribution to my campaign and I knew I could count on him for more. He appreciated that we kept a tight lid on this town. Some of his mill hands, you know, are not Leyden's most upstanding citizens."
Shard only half listened. In the far reaches of his mind he wondered why nobody was upset that Harkness was dead. Skibinski looked at him as dead meat, no different than the animals he shot, probably all year round, and Doc hadn't shed a tear either. The Kaiser appraised Harkness's death as a blow to his campaign coffers. Something was very wrong about all this, Shard decided.
"How long have you known Harkness?" 
"About ten years, since he took over the company after his father died of lung cancer. Yeah, just about ten years."
"What kind of guy was he?" 
"Nice enough, I guess. We were the same age, but we didn't go to school together. His father sent him to prep school, I forget where. He graduated from Dartmouth, I remember that, and worked in the mill when his father died. I think he was forced to take responsibility for the business before he was ready."
"What makes you say that?" 
"Weeeellll," the sheriff could stretch one-syllable words to record lengths, "he never really grew up. Know what I mean?"
"No sir, I'm not sure." 
"Weeeeeelllll, he was what we used to call a playboy. Maybe he rebelled because he was so firmly tied to daddy's purse strings. His life had been all planned: he'd grow up, inherit the mill and its 500 employees, and play an active role in Leyden's civic affairs. I don't think he was given a choice in the matter."
"Was he ever in trouble?"
"Not that I know of, but I'll bet if you look at his record here and in Hanover, you'll find some mischief and maybe DUIs before they were a serious offense. He drank a good bit, even after he got older."
"Was he married?"
"Twice. Divorced his first one whom he married very young. The scuttlebutt is that this one is on the rocks too. This is all clubhouse rumor, you understand, but I've been told they're no longer living together. She's living in that new condo development on Route 12. At least she was there when I went out to break the news to her about Stephen."
"What's her name?"
"Gloria."
Did Harkness run around on her?"
The Kaiser shifted again and flexed his thick fingers several times and rearranged them just the way they had been. He looked at Abe as if for approval.
"Again, it's just rumor, but the guys at the club tell me that he had a mistress. I don't know who, but I believe them because he chased every skirt in town whether she was married or not."
"Was Gloria at the Christmas Eve party?"
"Yes, and we all noticed her. Couldn't help but with that dress she had on. But I don’t remember that I ever saw them together. They even sat apart at dinner. I don't know if they came or left together."
"That's something I would like to know," Shard said. "Was there valet parking for the party?"
"Yes. There always is for the club's big events."
Shard made a mental note to send Johnsen out to talk to the guys who worked the lot that night.
"What about Harkness's kids?" 
"He only had one, Harold." 
"Harold? Geez, Johnsen will love that. Do you have any idea how many Harolds and Haralds there are in the Norse Sagas? And he knows every one of them. That's all we'll hear until we solve this thing."
"Then solve it fast," Stutzenberger grinned under his lip-bush. 
"I take it that Harold inherits the whole shebang then?" Shard asked. "I suppose that Harkness wrote Gloria out of his will. We'll have to check that."
"I hope the kid doesn't get the company. He's a bad apple. His father just played, Harold works at being a ne'er do well."
"How so?"
"Harkness never talked much about him, but I know he ran Harold through every prep school in New England and he washed out of them all. He must have graduated somewhere though, because Harkness got him in his alma mater. I don't think the kid stayed a semester. If you can't last a couple of years raising hell up there in the woods, you are a bad seed. Harold enrolled in several other colleges, same story. When Harkness mentioned him, he always prefaced it with 'Harold called to tell us he was somewhere' places like Bermuda, Hong Kong, Nepal, Monte Carlo, anywhere life was fast and far away from his father and his paper mill. Harold 's in his mid twenties now and if he inherits the company I predict he’ll bankrupt it in twenty-four hours." 
"Is the mill profitable?" 
"As far as I know. Harkness told me at the party that newsprint prices have never been higher. I took that as an indication all was well. Why? Have you heard there are troubles out there?"
"No, I'd be the last to know," Shard said. "But if Harkness was in financial trouble, he might have done something stupid and run afoul of dangerous folks. I haven't a scrap of evidence for that, but people don't kill Leyden's leading citizen for no reason. The murderer didn't even take his Rolex. If he stole anything, we don't know what it was."
Tuesday Noon
Shard’s stomach reminded him that he had missed lunch and he found it odd that Stutzenberger hadn't even mentioned it. He must be really worried, Shard thought. He raised his office curtain and squeezed gently along its hem until a Camel slid out of the end. 
Johnsen strolled in and dropped into the other chair.
"Before you tell me that you found nothing out about Harkness, I want to bounce something off you," Shard said.
"Sure Boss."
"Harkness was murdered, right?"
"Yes."
"Somebody stuck an ice pick in him, in case you haven't heard."
"No, I haven't. That reminds of the story in King Harald's Saga when Harald was bragging about his magic banner, 'Land waster.'" 
"Can't this wait?" 
"No, no. He bragged about it to Svein while they were drinking. But Harald didn't trust Svein, so he put a log in his bed and slept somewhere else. That night Svein rowed over to Harald's boat and sank a battle ax into what he thought was Harald's head and fled when he found it was a log."
"What does this have to do with paper mills and ice picks?" 
"Don't you see?"
"No. Explain it for us non-Norwegian morons.” 
"What's the source of Harkness's power? Why is he so important in town? Why is the press all over this case? His paper company, right? It's his magic banner. And the last time he was seen he was drinking with Doc at the party, right?"
“With Stutzenberger, too." 
"There. More evidence. But Harkness didn't put a log in his bed. If he'd read King Harald's Saga he'd be alive today. The difference between an ice pick and a battle-ax isn't that great. King Harold's Saga makes the case much simpler. All we have to do is find out who's the Svein in Leyden. See?" Johnsen sat back with a self-satisfied smile.
"Before you regurgitate another saga to explain your last one, let me get back to what I was saying before Svein so rudely interrupted me. It's the ice pick. He didn't stick it in himself, therefore somebody else did. If he killed him in the garage how did he get away? There's only one set of tracks. But, if Harkness was killed, say in the country club parking lot, how did the killer get his body to the garage? Either case, he'd have to have two cars, hence two people. You see the problem here?"
"Sure Boss." 
"And the answer is?" 
"Beats the hell out of me, I haven't thought about it."
"Neither have I," Shard said. "It just occurred to me on the stairs. But because I worry about your mental athleticism, I'll let you think about it. OK?"
"I'm always in favor of becoming more mentally athletic."
"So the first exercise is, how would you find out how the killer or killers managed it?"
Johnsen wondered why he does this? He's already thought it through, it would be much easier if he just told me.
“I hear your Nordic mental gears clanking, my Bemidji man. Tell you what, I won't say anything until I finish this cigarette. All you will hear is the sound of my stomach growling for a plate of Mrs. Olndowski's hash or beans and franks." Mrs. O, as she was fondly called, had been the cook at Schuylers, Shard guessed, since before the Boer War, and had lost none of her prowess around a stove. 
Johnsen stared at his feet as if he'd just discovered he had two. Then he looked directly into Shard's deep blue eyes.
"I'd do exactly what the Norwegians - "
Shard's countenance drooped towards his rumbling belly. "Not the damned dead Norwegians again."
"Listen. Every winter the kings sent their hirdsmen north to collect tribute from the Lapps who weren't stupid. They knew they were coming and ran away. The Norwegians hired Lapp trackers to hunt down their taxable lieges. I'd do the same thing." 
"Good idea. Leyden is chock full of Lapp trackers. And while on the subject, I didn't know that you were so insensitive or, should I say, racist."
"What?" 
"Nobody calls them Lapps anymore. They don’t like it. They're Sami. You've got to get current. But go on. You'd do what?"
"The mountain man’s a tracker. I'd take him over to the garage and have him circle it until he finds something to give us some idea of how the guy got away."
"Brilliant, my boy. Really. Get out there and have Skinowsky - "
"Skibinski." 
"Whatever, do it this afternoon. I have it direct from the Kaiser that we will get more snow tonight and it will cover all the evidence. Even Scorbosky won't be able to find anything. And take the department's camera with you. We want proof of tracks. Scoot."
"Skibinski, he's probably Polish."
"Well for sure he ain't Norwegian," Shard said as he motioned Johnsen towards the door.
"Oh yeah, when you get back stop at the country club and find out who parked cars at its Christmas Eve party. If any of the guys are there ask them if Harkness and his wife came together. And if they left together. Did they leave at the same time? I need the times for both of them."
"Right Boss."
"And Johnsen, leave the women in the bar alone. They're all related to Candyce."
Johnsen glowered and left.


CHAPTER 2
Revelations
Tuesday Noon
Shard sat at his favorite table in Schuylers under the moose head and waited for his franks and beans. He thought Harkness looked like the kind of guy with deep secrets and Shard knew that it was harder to ferret out dirt on prominent people. Everything he had on Harkness so far came from the Kaiser through country club gossip. Shard wanted to get closer to the victim. He made a mental list to send Johnsen to interview Harkness's mistress, a job he would enjoy almost as much as the sagas, and Periwinkle to track down the ne'er do well son who was suddenly very rich. He needed to check Harkness's will to see who inherited. He wanted to talk to the managers at North Country Paper to see if anything was amiss at the mill. But most important, he would have a frank talk with Harkness's wife.
Outside, Shard saw that the Kaiser was as usual right about the weather. The clouds were lowering and he could almost feel the barometer drop. He hoped that Johnsen had rousted the mountain man out to work his tracking magic before the new snow covered everything.
Shard walked into the post office and found Luke sitting against the foyer wall with his dog Dizzy asleep in his lap. It was politically correct to say that Luke was 'slow.’ Leyden had adopted him and his dog, even though Luke was deputy Joe Duffy’s legal responsibility. And Joe, his older brother, wasn't all that quick either. Shard believed the Kaiser kept him on the payroll out of sympathy for Luke. Shard rubbed Dizzy's ears; they were irresistible. He opened post office box 359 and took out a Camel.
He had just settled in his chair when Periwinkle arrived and claimed the other one without saying a word.
"And hello to you too," Shard said. "I'll bet you’ve scooped up bushels of pertinent evidence. Right?"
“Well, no, Boss, I have been out and about, but Harkness wasn't very well known on the street."
“Wealthy people usually aren’t. They live in gated communities, travel in private jets, work in offices guarded by their minions, and play golf at their private clubs. They don’t eat franks and beans at Schuylers and I bet they have more than two chairs in their offices."
"I never looked at them that way," Periwinkle said. “But I did learn that he is that he's at odds with his wife and has a worthless son."
"The Kaiser told me he has a mistress and is separated from his wife. Talk at the country club is that his son might inherit the whole shebang. I think Harkness owned all the stock and that’s a whale of a lot of money for the kid.”
"We need to look at Harkness’s will," Periwinkle said.
"Right. Harkness's wife Gloria can tell us where it is. In the meantime I want you to talk to Harold. Find out where he was over Christmas, especially four or five days ago, and how he got along with his father. Look into his eyes when you talk to him. See if he's as worthless as the Kaiser says. If you'll wait a minute I'll call his mother to see when I can talk to her and find out where Junior is.”
"That was easy," Shard said as he hung up the phone. "Gloria will see me at four at Harkness's house and you're on with Junior at your convenience at Gloria’s condo on Route 12."
"OK. What's Johnsen doing?" Periwinkle asked.
"Oh yeah, I forgot. He's out with the mountain man to see if they can find the murderer’s trail. Afterwards he's going to interview the parking guys at the club to find out when Harkness arrived and left.”
Shard called downstairs to Shelly, one of rare, indispensable folks Shard believed made the world go around. Shelly could find anybody and anything and she liked Shard who called her beautiful when she wasn't, not really. 
"Hi beautiful. I need to know who the number two man is out at North Country Paper. Can you find out and get back to me?"
"Hey handsome. I don't have to get back to you. I have the company's telephone directory here somewhere. Hold on, OK? Ah, here it is. Your dead man was the company's chairman of the board and head of its executive committee. Sounds impressive, huh? The guy who runs the company though, is its president, Peter Collins. She gave him Collins's phone number."
"Thanks beautiful. What do you know about this fellow?" Shard found it amazing that the more he squeezed Shelly, the more useful information that flowed from her. She had forgotten more about Leyden than Shard ever knew.
"I don't know him intimately," she said, and Shard could picture her salacious grin, "but my brother Billy works in the mill and he says that Collins is a pretty good guy. Talks to everybody and the workers think he's pretty fair - for being a suit - as he puts it."
“Thanks. Oh yeah, did you have a nice Christmas?" 
"Very nice and thanks for the chocolate turtles. You remembered I love them. I've eaten them all already."
Shard almost asked 'chocolate what?' but stopped in time. He wondered who gave her turtles in his name. Hell, he didn't even know she liked chocolate turtles. 
Instead, Shard replied, "you're welcome. I hope you enjoyed them." 
Collins, when Shard called him, said he could see him anytime. Shard promised to be right over and the president suggested he park in Mr. Harkness's spot.
Tuesday Afternoon
Shard parked up against the building and wondered why Collins didn't use the space. Collins’s corner office on the second floor, Shard noticed, had a roomful of chairs, nice chairs, comfortable looking chairs, chairs with arms, chairs that didn't look shaky, chairs with observable style, different from the early gas company lines the sheriff and Hilda favored. There must have been at least a dozen around the huge conference table.
Collins came around his desk to shake Shard’s hand and guided him over to the table.
"I figured I'd hear from you soon," Collins said. "This is a horrible blow to the company. Steve knew this business inside and out. He was born to it. I miss him already."
Shard noticed that Collins didn't shed any tears for the dead man, only for the company's loss. 
Collins was impressive looking, Shard thought, well spoken, with a hint of an eastern prep school accent. He certainly didn't have the usual guttural western New York speech. Even so, Shard guessed Collins was a native New Yorker. A little under six feet tall, he carried himself well. With his bespoken suit and shoes polished to a perfect sheen, he projected self-confidence and power. He looked like someone who knew what he was about. Not many of his breed in this world, Shard concluded, and he wasn't going to be an easy man to bullshit.
"I need an idea of what kind of a man Mr. Harkness was." Shard thought he saw a slight hitch in the back of Collins's gray eyes, but his facial expression gave nothing away.
"That's a broad question, Lieutenant, but I'd say he was pretty easy to work for, if that's what you want to know. We agreed on most things and when we didn't, he prevailed. I can't say that we were close friends, but we respected each other and got along. We moved in the same social circles, the country club and such. Our wives belonged to the bridge club, the garden club, and the civic improvement organizations. They saw each other as often as we did."
"I understand that he didn't get along with his wife," Shard said.
"Yeah, that was a problem. They had separated before Christmas, but they were together at the club's Christmas Eve party, so I thought maybe they would get back together."
"Did you see them talk to one another?"
Collins thought a moment. "Well, now that you mention it, I don’t think I did.” 
"I understand that Mr. Harkness owned the whole company. Is that right?" 
"Not quite. He owned something over ninety percent of it. There are other stockholders."
"Who?"
"Top managers like me. We have stock options and they will be quite lucrative if we can keep this place afloat. The paper business is tough, what with the competition, government regulations, and the environmentalists on our backs all the time."
“Does Harold stand to inherit his father's shares?"
"That's the big question around here. We don't know. Steve never mentioned how he planned his estate. I can't believe though that he'd leave the company to Harold. To put it diplomatically, he's not ready to assume the responsibility. To be more blunt, he'd be an unmitigated disaster. You have to remember Steve never thought he’d die this young, so I suspect he hadn't given the question of who gets this place a helluva lot of thought. He was only 53 and his father ran the mill until he was well into his seventies. Steve probably figured he had another quarter of a century to decide what to do with the company."
"Could his wife inherit? Especially since they were not divorced?"
“I suppose, but she wasn’t interested in the company except to spend its profits to redo that pile she made Steve buy. I bet she's poured a million dollars into it and now she's living in a condo." Shard thought Collins said that with a touch of malice.
"Is North Country Paper worth a lot?" 
"Depends on how we're are doing at the moment of sale. Right now we're in pretty good shape, but the big boys determine the prices we get for our newsprint and the damned timber companies and railroads set our pulpwood costs. We're little fish dodging the sharks in this paper swim, even though we're big frogs in Leyden's pond."
Shard struggled to unsnarl that one. He had to give Collins credit though, the analogies almost made sense.
"So, right now you're in an up phase of the business cycle."
"Something like that."
“What I guess I'm asking is this plant, this company, viable over the long term?"
Collins looked at Shard for the longest time. Shard had learned not to hurry people he pressed for information. Everyone has mental and verbal rhythms and he believed it best to let them flow naturally. Collins obviously thought and talked rapidly when he wasn't pressed, but was more deliberate when confronted with more important questions.
He looked away from Shard and said, "I guess you'll find out anyway, so I'd best tell you. But I'd appreciate it if you'd keep it under your hat. This isn't public knowledge around here yet. We’ve argued about whether this company can survive. Steve didn't think so. In fact was scared to death he'd be on the bridge when it slid beneath the waves. He wanted to sell now, while we are profitable. He had started talks with several larger paper companies, in fact with a couple of huge ones, and they all seemed interested. Now, here's the rub. I believe they want to buy us and shut us down to cut their competition. I think the day after someone like Northern buys us, we're locked up tight. Six hundred Leyden citizens left without jobs. That's what I think."
"Steve didn't agree?"
“If he did, he'd never admit it. He argued 'no they won't. We've been here for seventy-five years. They can't close us down.' I think that's wistful thinking."
"Did you oppose his decision to sell?" 
Collins stood up and turned his back on Shard to look out the window.
"As much as I could. But remember it was his company. He could do what he wanted. Now, to be honest," Shard hated that phrase, it implied that he had been dishonest before, "it's to my advantage to sell this place because if we do it right, I'll get my stock options paid in the stock of the purchasing company, in shares listed on a public exchange.”
Shard wasn’t sure whether Collins had answered his question. The guy is good, he concluded.
"So you favored the sale?" Shard figured he had a fifty-fifty chance on this.
"No."
Dead wrong. He wondered if he were losing it.
“Unless the purchaser agreed to keep us open for at least five more years. Then we could be fair to our workers, help them find other jobs, get them retraining grants, and work with the union in this. Steve would've sold without that agreement. He wanted to get out while our bottom line looked good. He was afraid it would get worse and judging from the past he was probably right."
"Was Harkness in personal financial trouble? Was that why he was so anxious to sell?"
Collins turned around and asked, "would you like a drink?"
Shard was about to say no when Collins added "I have a nice selection of single malts."
"In that case I'll have a couple of fingers. Thanks."
Shard knew he'd pushed a sensitive button. Collins used the drinks to stall. After he sat back down, he said, “Steve may have been hurting a little. Gloria was going to take him for a bundle and I'm sure that entered into his calculations."
"But he'd been divorced before, right?"
"Yes."
"Then he knew the dance. It wasn't as if Gloria was leading a naïf to court. Did he try to sell after his other divorce?"
"No, not that I know of."
"He had to have been under financial pressures back then, didn't he?"
"You're asking me to get personal now and I'm not sure I should, not without legal counsel present."
Collins took a wary sip of his drink.
"Look, Mr. Collins, I'm not interested in Mr. Harkness's personal problems unless they shed light on who killed him. In my experience people kill over sex, money, and family disputes, and it seems that we have all three here. I'm trying to sort them out to establish some priorities for my investigation."
"OK, I guess Steve was under severe money pressures. You probably already know that he had a mistress who lives very well, at least that's what my wife tells me. And I suspect you also know that he liked to gamble and was probably addicted to the crap table. Look, I'll be frank, Steve had a secret life, no that's not quite right, several secret lives, and I only saw the tattered edges of them."
"Who was his mistress?"
"You'll find out, Gloria did. Debra Newbill. She has a house in Olde Towne Estates, that treeless subdivision off the Albany Post Road. I heard that Steve paid for it. She works at the telephone company and doesn't make that kind of money."
"Where did Steve gamble?"
"You'd know that better than I. He did it here in town, I know that much."
"My guess is he sat in on Alfred Charbeneau's crap game,” Shard said.  “That's the only one we know anything about and the scuttlebutt is that it's for high stakes."
"You've got me. I've never heard of Charbeneau. That kind of stuff is way outside my purview."
"Charbeneau is not Leyden's most upstanding citizen, but as far as we know he's never killed anyone. Maybe he’s made an occasional threat, but that's all. He has a couple of goons on his payroll, but they are strictly second-raters. Charbeneau isn't be at the top of my list of probable murderers, at least not right now."
Shard took his last sip of scotch. It was excellent as promised.
"Did other people here oppose Mr. Harkness's plans to sell the company? Would anyone have killed him to stop the sale? How could he be sure that Harold wouldn't do the same thing? I'm just thinking out loud, you understand."
"As I said, it wouldn't have made any difference if we all opposed Steve. We didn't own the company. But to tell the truth," there it was again, Shard noticed, "the loudest opponents of the sale were Chuck Feldon, our chief financial officer, and Dank Higgins, our union steward."
"Dank? What kind of a name is that?" 
"Beats me. I always suspected his Christian name was something horrendous like Dankmar. All I know is, he answers to Dank and signs our agreements as Dank Higgins. It seems to be legal."
"Good grief." Shard said. "But, I've taken up enough of your time this afternoon. I’d like to talk to Mr. Feldon and Dank and I'd appreciate it if you'd set up some times tomorrow for me to see them. In the meantime, can you think of anyone who would kill Mr. Harkness to stop the sale?"
Shard thought that his question was a slider, inside and a bit low.
Collins dropped into his cautious stance again. "I'd like to believe no one would, but tempers around here have been frayed. Someone might have."
"Who?" 
"That I don't know. Dank? Chuck, Harold? Gloria? Debra? Me? All I know for sure is, I didn’t do it. I believed we could work out something acceptable to everyone. It's still possible."
Tuesday Afternoon
All the way up Route 28 Johnsen watched the glowering skies and thought that the last thing he wanted to do was wander around the wilderness in waist-deep snow. None of his criminal justice courses at Bemidji State had taught wilderness tracking and survival techniques in an Adirondack blizzard.
He noticed that the yellow and black police tape still drooped across Foster’s garage door. A few miles farther up he saw the tire tracks that led into what looked like impenetrable woods. He snaked around trees until he saw Skibinski's old pickup parked outside a shack. Smoke curled out of an old stovepipe that leaned at a crazy angle towards the lake. That’s encouraging, Johnsen thought, it means warmth. Now all I have to do is convince the mountain man to track while I stay close to the stove and ruminate on my chances for a date tonight.
Skibinski's dog let out a gut-tightening howl. Skibinski appeared in the door, a shotgun in his arms.
"It's me, Sergeant Knut Johnsen," he yelled. The gun looked big.
"Come in," Skibinski said and backed away from the door. Patsy sniffed Johnsen's crotch. Ordinarily he would have snatched her by her collar and pushed her away, but he thought the better part of valor here was to let Patsy satisfy herself. It was probably the best show Skibinski had seen all winter.
"Lieutenant Shard sent me to ask if you'd do him a favor. Stephen Harkness was killed by a single thrust of an ice pick through his heart. You found only one set of tracks in front of the garage, so Lieutenant Shard wonders how the killer got away.”
Skibinski continued to lie half-reclined in his junkyard chair. 
"Lieutenant Shard was impressed that you noticed those tracks. You also told him you'd been hunting all your life and he figured you must be an excellent tracker. He wondered if you'd look over the area around Foster’s garage to see if there are any other tracks that would show how the killer got away."
Skibinski didn’t take his eyes off Johnsen. Neither did Patsy, he noticed. Johnsen decided to let the silence hang to see what would happen. Maybe Skibinski only spoke once a day. Maybe it was the hermit's code. Johnsen thought that if I saw nobody for days on end, I'd talk all the time when I got the chance. 
Without a word, Skibinski hoisted himself out of his chair and took down an almost-full bottle of whisky from a nearby shelf. He picked two jelly glasses out of the sink, poured about four inches in each, and handed one to Johnsen. 
"Can't work without whisky," he said. He downed his in a gulp.
Johnsen, no novice at the bar, took a solid swig. The liquor burned from his eyebrows to his belt. To his dismay he saw that he had three inches left. 
"Good stuff," he choked, hoping the bristles in his gullet would rearrange themselves. The bottle didn't have a label, which bothered him, but at least the whisky was brown. 
He figured the second sip would be easier. Wrong. His eyes watered, he coughed and almost doubled over as it seared its way through his whole being. 
And he still had two inches left. Skibinski, perched on the edge of his chair's footrest, watched with a look of bemusement. It was trial by whisky, Johnsen realized, and he’d lost. He'd never met a whisky man like Skibinski. 
Johnsen finally forced down the last dollop and pasted a fraudulent self-satisfied grin on his face.
"That was good," he croaked. "It ought to keep us warm." 
They walked outside where Skibinski pointed to several pairs of snowshoes that leaned against the side of his cabin. “Bring two pair. We'll take my truck, it needs exercise," he said.
Johnsen loaded the snowshoes in the back of the truck and swung up into the high seat. Patsy jumped in, her forepaws landing on his lap, too close for comfort. She proceeded to thrust the coldest nose east of Bemidji into Johnsen's left ear while she licked his neck. It was the high price of justice, Johnsen concluded, as he fought against his natural instinct and let her lick away.
Skibinski parked his truck on the verge near Foster’s garage and ordered Patsy to stay there. 
"The sky looks ominous," Johnsen said as they lashed the old-fashioned snowshoes to their boots.
"It'll snow before dinner," Skibinski predicted. Johnsen wondered what the old guy ate for dinner. Muskrat? Bark? Ski lashings? God only knew. He hadn't seen any signs of food in the cabin but Skibinski didn’t look malnourished. 
Johnsen shuddered at the thought of walking on snowshoes. He'd been on them only once, up in the Boundary Waters area of Minnesota on the coldest day God had ever dumped on his favorite creatures and he discovered he was clumsy on them. 
Skibinski strapped his on in a twinkling while Johnsen wondered if he'd get his lashed before suppertime. When he finally got them tied tight Skibinski barked, "stay behind me. Be quiet."
Johnsen hadn't planned to talk. He couldn't think of anything to say. Skibinski trotted along, that was the only word Johnsen could think of to describe his gait, while he floundered behind him. The mountain man circled the garage twice, never lifted his eyes from the ground, and paid no attention to the thrashing behind him. At the end of his second turn he struck off towards the woods.
Johnsen couldn't see what Skibinski had seen, everything looked white and blank to him. At the edge of the woods' line Johnsen guessed the snow was waist deep. Without snowshoes he'd have been plowing instead of walking.
Skibinski paused in front of a couple of trees to divine which way the mythical tracks went, and then walked on. Johnsen estimated they walked the better part of a half hour, but was afraid to pull up his sleeve to check his watch for fear the effort would upset his balance. It was growing darker and he was chilled, although he couldn't imagine how with all that liquid fire Skibinski had poured down his gut. He would welcome a swig from that unmarked bottle now. He wouldn't even mind Patsy's warm tongue on his cheeks.
They found a snowmobile trail that had been used since the last snowfall. Skibinski walked out to the middle, turned around several times, and said, "here’s where his tracks end. The snowmobiles ran over them."
"I never saw any tracks at all," Johnsen confessed. "What was he using? Skis? Snowshoes?”
"Skis," Skibinski said, “he was hard on his edges. He may be bowlegged."
"How many were there?" Johnsen asked as he shifted his weight to ease the pain in his calves.
"One.”
"Any idea of how big?" Tough question, Johnsen thought, but this guy’s good.
Skibinski looked as if he were reading Johnsen's mind. "I'm not that good and - "
BLAAAM! CRAAACK! A rifle’s sharp retort cut the mountain man off. 
"What the hell?" The bullet smacked a nearby tree and pieces of splintered bark ricocheted off Johnsen’s cheek and coat. He twisted away from the tree but he neglected to move his snowshoes and toppled over on his back at the mountain man's feet. Only then did he realize that Skibinski hadn't moved a muscle or said a thing. 
"What the hell was that?" Johnsen asked.
"Dunno." 
"He damned near killed us." 
"Nah, he missed by a lot." 
"What do you mean, a lot? He hit this tree, right here, The bark spattered all over me."
“That’s a far miss."
"Did the guy shoot at us?" 
"Dunno," Skibinski said. "Maybe he's hunting."
"But hunting season’s over."
The look Skibinski threw him made Johnsen realize that he probably hunted all year long.
"It could have been Harkness's killer, you know," Johnson said. "Are you armed?” We could be in danger." He realized that he didn't think very well flat on his back. 
"Why would I need a gun?" the mountain man asked.
"Maybe to protect us?" Johnsen suggested. "Could you give me a hand? I can't get up by myself. Thanks."
Johnsen felt better upright, even if he was a bigger target. 
"OK, let’s assume the guy's not trying to kill us. Tell me, did the tracks start at the garage? How can we be sure he’s not just some guy who walked in from the road to this snow mobile trail?”
"He came out the back door of the garage." 
“Did he have a snowmobile stashed here?" Johnsen knew his question was as stupid as it sounded. 
"Can't tell. Too many been here. We'd better go. Snow's close." 
Johnsen tired on the return, his flailing became more pronounced. Skibinski didn't mention the strange noises behind him but slowed occasionally to let him catch up. The mountain man didn't even breathe heavily, Johnsen thought, while he panted like a hound in heat. Johnsen figured it must be one of God's perverse little secrets that allowed an old man who lived on that rot gut to remain in superb shape while he, who worked out for hours on end, could barely keep up.
At the garage, Skibinski pointed out the very faint lines left by the killer's skis. Johnsen couldn't see anything, nothing. Shard, however, wanted photographs, so he took pictures of snow everywhere around the door. Maybe the film would pick up the tracks where his eye couldn't, Johnsen reasoned. They had to be there. He was willing to take the mountain man's word about anything that had to do with tracking, whisky, and hunting.
Johnsen was so frost-nipped he welcomed it when Patsy licked his face and ears. When they arrived at Skibinski's shack he asked Johnsen to come in, although it sounded more like an order to Johnsen who knew what awaited him - more whisky. But he could hardly refuse.
Johnsen was hardly half way through the door when he heard Skibinski refilling their glasses.
He opened the stove's damper and Patsy, happily alcohol-free, walked over to her rug in front of the stove, twirled around several times, and collapsed in a comma with her nose under her tail.
Johnsen's half-full jelly glass felt like it weighed five pounds. He was so hungry, cold, and tired, that he canceled any thoughts of checking out the country club for Shard. He’d be lucky to survive Johnsen's alcoholic ministrations. Besides, the killer might be lurking out there.
Skibinski had an uncanny ability to read Johnsen's mind.
"It'll be warm in a minute. We need food."
His announcement caught Johnsen in mid gulp. Most of it went down the wrong pipe and he doubled over in paroxysms of coughing.  After he regained his composure, Skibinski said, "how about some venison stew?"
The last thing that Johnsen wanted to risk was Skibinski's stew. So he replied "sounds perfect to me, thanks." Besides, he thought, he probably killed the deer yesterday so it’s fresh.
Skibinski threw some kindling into his stove, peered into the cast iron pan on top, and sat down. Johnsen thought 'reheat' and wondered how old the stuff was. His only solace was that the whisky would kill any bacteria or moss that called the stew home.
It was surprisingly good, however, and he couldn't see anything in it that didn’t belong. Between them they finished the whole pot without passing a word. As Johnsen scraped the scraps off his plate, the mountain man poured them each another half glass of his house brand. Johnsen didn't protest, the stuff was beginning to taste pretty good.
It was dark by the time Johnsen left and flakes dropped in clots. He felt no pain and wasn't sure he should drive. He comforted himself, however, with the thought that if he skidded off the road and wasn't found until tomorrow there wasn't a chance in hell he'd freeze to death. 
Tuesday Afternoon
Periwinkle drove down Route 12 and wondered if God would ever free his sun. She felt blue. It had started to snow and she didn't relish interviewing a bratty rich kid who was about to inherit the biggest business in town, one that paid lots of taxes to fund her salary.
The new condos, just behind the Evangelical Church of the Living Word, which had been there ever since she was a child although she’d never met anybody who attended it, were a blight on the landscape, she thought. The two-story town houses, each with a two-car garage in front, looked more like places for automobiles to live. 
She rang the bell at number 18. Nothing. She rang again and was about to leave when a man opened the door. Harold didn't look anything like she expected. A little taller than she, dressed in chinos and a mohair sweater with its arms pushed up, he was well built and sported a sun tan to kill for. She'd never seen anyone in Leyden with a December tan. She tried to decide whether his hair was dyed blonde or whether he was lucky enough to have been born with it. She concluded that it was either sun bleached or the best professional coloring job she'd ever seen.
"Sergeant Sharon Periwinkle," she said. "My boss, Lieutenant Shard, called a little while ago."
"Yeah, come in."
The condo looked unlived in. The furniture, what little there was, looked severely modern, but expensive. She noticed that there were no signature items that marked the house as a personal refuge. No pictures, no knickknacks, no plants, nothing but eggshell-white walls, eggshell-white curtains, and improbably, an eggshell-white rug.
"Sit down. Do you want something? I'm drinking coffee to stay awake."
"I'll have a cup, please." She didn't need it to keep her awake. All this white reminded her of a hospital waiting room and made her edgy.
He brought her coffee in a North Country Paper Corporation mug and sat down across from her. More like slouched.
"When did you get into town?" 
"Couple of hours ago. I couldn't get a flight out until this morning." Harold had an odd manner of talking, he didn't move his lips, he slid his words out through a tightly drawn slit that reminded her of a letter slot. He looked angry and maybe he was.
"Where've you been?" She had a pretty good idea that it was somewhere south of Leyden, way south.
"Nevis." His tone indicated that he thought everyone went there in the winter except for the poor slobs who had to stay in Leyden to work. Periwinkle found she disliked him without knowing exactly why. She wondered if it was his off-putting body language.
"What were you doing down there? Besides working on that world-class tan." He liked that.
"Relaxing, taking life easy."
"Do you go there every winter?"
"No. I went to Bermuda last winter, but it's overrun with tourists. Lots of good-looking women though. Nevis doesn’t have as many, but God are they all beautiful."
"Do you stay there all winter?" 
“I move around. I leave when I get tired of a place."
"Are you going back to Nevis after the funeral?"
"No."
"Where are you going?" 
"I'll probably go to Vail next week and take in the slopes. Even better, the action at the bottom," and he laughed heartily, as if it were an inside joke. "Then maybe I'll head for some other place to check out the powder and the broads. Then I’ll go back to the Caribbean for the spring. It's a hard life, but someone has to do it." She half expected him to add, 'I'm sorry it can't be the likes of you.'
"Do you come home in the summer?"
"Not if I can help it. This place is the pits.” 
"Well, it looks like you’ll spend a lot more time here if you inherit the company."
"I don't want that damned thing. Who the hell cares about paper? The mill stinks and is full of poor, depressing people. The place is pitiful."
"Will you inherit it?"
"I don't know," he said as he slouched down farther in his chair. “My parents never said anything about it to me. I hope mother gets it. She loves all of Leyden’s meaningless social stuff. She wants to be queen of something. Anything."
"Do you have any idea who wanted your father dead?"
"You mean besides me?" He laughed. "Nah. I don't know anybody around here any more. I know nobody liked him. I sure didn't and neither did mother. He was a real bastard. Even the dopes in the mill knew that. He made me work there one summer. God it was awful. I worked with all these bores who did the same thing every day. They sat around the office doing nothing, waiting for five o'clock so they could get on with their stupid little lives. They were nice to me only because I was the boss’s son, but I heard them talk about father. They hated him. I stayed only about two weeks and went to the Mediterranean for the rest of the summer. Mother said I didn't have to slave in the mill."
"So you didn't like your father?" 
"God no. He never had any time for me. The only times he thought about me was when he bought my way into another lousy boarding school and college. He just wanted to get me the hell out of his hair. But you know something? That man could attract women. I never understood how he did it. I think he used what little charm he had to seduce them. He didn't spread any of it around his own house, that's for sure."
"Did you graduate from college?" 
"You got to be kidding! I was a five-year freshman in four of them. No, five. I don't need that stuff. They wanted me to get up and go to boring classes and read all that crap. I only come alive after dark, like a vampire." He released a sardonic little laugh.
"How did you graduate from high school? They made you do the same things."
“I didn't graduate from any of those shitty prep schools. Father paid one to give me a certificate of attendance. He bought my way into college. Money works wonders, doesn't it? It's the only thing that counts."
"Did you kill your father?" 
"I could hardly do that when I was lying on the beach in Nevis with a Latin goddess. God, is she gorgeous. I'd much rather do that than do him in, you know?"
"You could have hired someone to do it.”
"Oh come on, sergeant," he said as he struggled to pull himself out of his slouch. "Why would I do that? I'd much rather live the easy life on his money."
"Was your father hurting for money?"
"I don't know. The family strategy was for mother to spend as much as possible and pass lots to me. Mother used me to take out her spite against him. I didn’t complain, it’s a great life. I'd be the last one to knock him off."
"If he cut you off what would you have done?" 
"Aren't you listening? He cut me off years ago. My mother kept me. If something happens to her, I'll be out on my tanned bum."
"But wasn't your mother going to divorce him?"
"Yeah, and I'm surprised she stayed with him so long. But look, she'd have taken him for his last nickel. I'd probably be better off if they split."
Periwinkle stared at him. She'd never met anybody this shallow. 
“Don’t you have any dreams or ambitions?"
"I dream my father's laid out in his casket covered with all his money and I scoop it up and get the hell out of town forever. I dream about beaches full of broads begging me to have sex," he gave Periwinkle an unmistakably licentious look, "and I give all of them the rides of their lives. That's my dream and I'm living it."
Periwinkle was glad she wore slacks, otherwise he'd have been trying to look up her skirt. She couldn't think of anybody she knew who would find this rich boor attractive, sexually or otherwise. There must be another breed of females, she decided, that clusters on beaches clad only in string bikinis and tans, waiting for this clown to bed them. The thought repulsed her.
"Well, I wish you luck." 
"I've had it so far." 
"We’ll have more questions as our investigation proceeds, so please stay in Leyden until we are through."
“You mean I've got to stay in this hole after the funeral? You can't do that! I'm going to call my father's lawyer."
"Go ahead. He’ll tell you that we can. Besides, it doesn't sound like you have anything important to do. The women will wait for you. So, give me your passport, please. I'll leave it with the sheriff and when we're done with you he’ll return it."
"I don't have to give it to you." 
"No, you don't. But I'll be back in a half an hour with a court order and five or six burly deputies who will persuade you to hand it over. It's your choice."
Reluctantly, Harold walked back to his bedroom and returned with his little blue book."
"Thanks," she said as she put on her coat. “I'll be seeing you, or someone will, I promise. One more thing, do you know how your father died?"
"Mother said he was murdered."
"Did she say how?"
“No.”
"Aren't you the least bit interested?" 
“I suppose. How'd he die?"
Periwinkle was tempted not to tell him, just for spite. "He was stabbed in the chest with an ice pick. Right through his heart."
Harold looked at her with astonishment. “That shouldn’t have killed him. His heart was made out of stone, it should have broken the pick."
Tuesday Afternoon
Shard was late for his appointment with Harkness's wife. As he drove east on the Albany Post Road he realized that Collins had been more forthcoming than he had any reason to expect. He got the impression that he really wanted him to understand what was happening to the company. Maybe Collins suspects somebody inside the company, he thought. People have been killed for a lot less than the money to be made from the sale of the mill.  
He kept his eye out for the stone gateposts Collins had told him announced Harkness's house. There were several new luxury mansions along the road, not one of which could he see from the road. Shard wondered what the people had to hide that made them hunker down behind their walls, hedges, and trees. Collins hadn't warned him that the gateposts were topped by a wrought iron arch with a brass plaque in the middle that announced, 'North Country Haven.' 
Shard turned through the gates and drove for about a quarter of mile before he came to an opening in the trees that perfectly framed Harkness's house. It was impressive, he’d give it that, a huge neo-Georgian brick. Shard pulled up in the circle that fronted the house and sensed it was a cold, formal place, not a home. He believed that houses gave off emanations. His Greek Revival, for example, right smack in the middle of Leyden, was as friendly as houses got. It looked inviting, even from the street, while this place seemed so chilly he'd probably have to wear a sweater in it even in the summer. 
Gloria opened the door before he rang. His first impression was that she was striking. He wondered why Harkness fooled around when he had someone this attractive at home. She was as tall as Periwinkle, but Gloria was wearing heels, very high ones. Dressed in an expensive-looking black pants suit that set off the row of gold buttons down the front, he noticed that she had escaped the dreaded middle age spread. He was also struck by her jumble of gold jewelry, earrings, bracelets, rings, necklaces, even her watch band. She made Shard think of that old tune, one line of which went, 'silver threads among the gold,' because she did have a few silver strands accented by her shiny black hair. She was certainly no trophy wife; Shard guessed that she was maybe five years younger than Harkness. He couldn't decide whether her outfit was her idea of proper mourning wear or was her everyday afternoon apparel.
"Good afternoon, Lieutenant. Please come in."
"I'm sorry I'm late, but I got held up talking to Peter Collins."
The inside of the house was exactly what Collins promised, over decorated with expensive gee-gaws everywhere and carpets so thick that Shard's shoes sank three inches into them. Despite the gathering storm clouds, the house was light and airy - and cold. Everything was formal, stiff. The whole effect was to scream that this was a place to visit and admire, but not to live in.
"Would you like some sherry? I'm ready for a glass," she said.
"It sounds perfect, thanks." Shard sank into a chair that faced a broad expanse of windows that looked over a lawn that fell away to a woods line perhaps a hundred yards distant.
She returned with two Sherries in crystal glasses and sat on the couch across from him in front of the windows.
"I'm sorry to impose on you at a time like this," Shard said.
"Oh, that's quite all right. I'm as anxious as you are to find Steve's killer."
"At this point I'm just trying to form a picture of what kind of man Mr. Harkness was.
"He was wonderful, a strong, caring husband. I miss him so much." She stopped as if she had given Shard all the information he needed, and blotted her eyes with a lacy handkerchief that materialized from nowhere.
Shard couldn't tell if she was crying, but her voice had broken a little. He wondered why the tears from a women who was about to divorce him.
"Could you give me a sense of his personality? Was he funny? Have a temper? Likes and dislikes? Hobbies? Anything." 
"Taking your questions in order, I wouldn't call him funny although he enjoyed a good joke. But I don't think I ever heard him tell one. His responsibilities sobered him a great deal. I don’t think he had many chances to laugh. And yes, he did have a temper. He could erupt in towering rages. The pressures on him sometimes got to him. His rants never lasted long though. In a day or so he would return to his sweet self. What did he like? Well, he liked anything to do with the paper business. He lived for his company. He loved his work and he was there all the time. Sometimes he slept there. I suppose he was a workaholic. I often felt sorry for him because he worked so hard to make the money that enabled me to do things that amused me. Like build and decorate this house." 
She paused and patted under her eyes. She didn't smear an iota of mascara. "That wasn't fair, but it’s the way it was. He was born to his responsibilities you know. Am I boring you?"
"No, no," Shard said. "Please continue."
"Steve disliked people who didn't agree with him. It was his company, you see, and he had the responsibility to keep it going. It’s a competitive business, and North Country is a peanut among giants. He hated people who weren't loyal at work and elsewhere. They made his life so much more difficult. Hobbies? He didn't have time for them. He didn't even like to socialize, I had to force him to go out."
"Did he play golf or tennis or ski?"
"He played golf, maybe once a year and would come home angry because he had played so poorly. He liked to be the best at everything. He never played tennis, didn't even own a racket, and refused to get on skis. Harold and I love to ski and we couldn’t persuade him to come with us to our favorite resorts. He claimed he was too busy."
"But he still found time to sit on civic boards. He was influential around here," Shard said.
"Oh, he was a pillar of the community. He was always the first person asked to contribute to local causes. Steve was too generous. I warned him about that. I told him that if he gave them all the money they asked for there was no incentive for other people to do their part. It didn't make sense for all the charities to be dependent on us. They should have to work hard for their funds. Steve earned his money."
"I've been told that Mr. Harkness liked to stay active in civic affairs." 
"That's not quite true. He did it because he felt an obligation to show the company's flag in town. Many times though, I had to shove him out the door to go to meetings. They meant that he had that much less time for us."
"I hate to bring this up, Mrs. Harkness, but you were separated from Mr. Harkness. May I ask why?"
"It's a sad story. We weren't going to get a divorce, we just needed to spend time apart." A tear slipped out of her left eye and she caught it with a corner of her handkerchief. "We would have gotten back together eventually, he needed me."
"But why split up even if only for a short time?" 
"That's personal, Lieutenant. It hasn't any bearing on Steve's murder."
"Why don't you let me be the judge of that?"
She finished her sherry, fiddled with her hair, and recrossed her legs.
"Well, it's a common, rather disgusting story. Simply put, there was another woman and I found out. He confessed and promised to end the tawdry affair. I moved out until he did. That's it." 
Shard noticed that she didn’t shed any tears over this.
"Have there been other women before?" 
"Not that I know of." Shard was certain that she was lying and wasn't very good at it. 
"You know what hurts so much about all this?" 
"No ma'am." 
"I have to explain it to my friends. Rumors of Steve and that horrid woman embarrass me to death. I mean if I can't hold my husband how can other women in Leyden expect to? I have to set an example. Think about it."
Shard didn't care to.
"And Steve's death hurts too. It’ll end rumors about the other woman, but I'm going to be less socially prominent without him, if you know what I mean."
"Why did you move back to this house so soon?"
"This is my house. They say possession is nine-tenths of the law. I didn’t want the courts to take the house from me. I love it."
"Which raises another question, Mrs. Harkness, will you inherit the company?"
"As far as I know yes, unless Steve changed his will after I moved out. I don't think he did though."
"Do you have a copy of Mr. Harkness's will?"
"Our lawyer has one and Steve kept a copy in his safe deposit box."
"Who’s your lawyer?"
"Don Owenby." 
"Would you mind if I checked with Mr. Owenby to look at the will? It could give me an idea of who might have killed him."
"Are you accusing me, Lieutenant?" 
"No ma'am. But more often than not it's the people left out who are suspect."
“That makes sense."
"Do you think Harold will be in the will? I understand the two of them didn't get along."
Gloria shifted on the couch.
"That's true. Harold didn't measure up to Steve's expectations and he was very hard on him. Harold's a good boy though. He's a sensitive child." 
Shard noticed that she still called a twenty-five year old 'boy' and a 'child.' 
"He needs time to find himself. You'll like him. He flew home this morning just to be with me. How many boys would do that?"
Shard was tempted to say that all the 'boys' he knows would, especially if their mothers paid for their ticket.
"Do you own stock in the company?" Shard asked.
"Sure, and I expect I'll own a lot more after they probate Steve's will. I'll own everything except the shares Steve foolishly spread around as stock options. I asked him why give away the profits? He said it was his company and he'd use his shares in its best interests. I could see giving some to Peter Collins, he's a pretty good man. But I'll never understand why he gave Chuck Feldon options. He's the chief financial officer, you know, and he's as crooked as they come. I told Steve, but he wouldn't listen."
"What makes you think Mr. Feldon is crooked?" 
“I can't prove it but I think he keeps two sets of books. Steve laughed when I told him, but I'm better at figures than he was. Feldon's numbers look screwy to me. He moves money around to confuse the auditors, but he doesn't fool me. He'll be the first man I'll fire if I take over the company. Besides, I just don’t like the man."
"How about Harold? Does he own any stock?" 
"No, but if I get the company I'll give him some so that he can afford to be happy."
"Does Harold want to run the mill?"
"Oh Lord no, he worked there one summer and hated it. He likes culture and the arts and I encourage him to follow his interests."
"Will you run the company if Mr. Harkness leaves it to you?"
“I might give it a try, but I'd keep Peter on to advise me. I know the first thing I'd do after I fire Feldon is to break the union. Steve always gave into that fellow Dank's demands for higher wages. I told Steve he didn't have to raise wages. Leyden is a poor town. People here will work for less and be happy to have our jobs."
She twisted her handkerchief into a rope and made less eye contact with him. He wondered what she was holding back.
"Do you have any idea, Mrs. Harkness, who’d want your husband dead?" 
She looked shocked. “Why no I can't, unless it was that union guy, Dank who always argued with him. Or maybe he accused Feldon of theft and he did it. And there's his girl friend. I don't know if he told her it was all over. But if he did, well...it's possible. Other than those, I can't think of anyone."
"Our best guess is that he was killed right after the Christmas Eve party. He was still wearing the sport coat he wore to the dinner. Did you see him after the party? Anytime?"
"No.”
“Did you talk to him on the phone afterwards?”
“No.”
"Did you come to the party together?" 
"No. I caught a ride with the Ashbys who have a condo a couple of doors down. You probably know Dr. Alan Ashby."
"I'm afraid I don't." 
"He's a radiologist. Semi-retired. Does some work from home on his computer."
"And Mr. Harkness drove himself to the party?"
"I suppose so," she said, as if she couldn't see what difference it made.
“After the party, did you leave with the Ashbys?"
She looked distracted. She gave Shard an airy wave and said, "oh yes."
"Did you leave before Mr. Harkness?"
Again, the airy motion, "I haven't the foggiest."
"So you weren't really at the party together."
She snapped out of her fog, "of course we were.”
“Nobody I talked to saw you and Mr. Harkness together during the evening."
"Oh, we must have been. I talked to everybody. I'm expected to mix at those affairs, you know."
"But you don't know when he left?"
"I told you, I went home with the Ashbys."
Shard sensed he had everything he was likely to get from her now. He made the obligatory parting comments and went outside where he retrieved a well-deserved Camel from his jumper cables box. 
As he slid behind the wheel he wondered if Harkness had stabbed himself to get away from that woman. She was tougher than the paper business.

CHAPTER 3
Suspects Galore
Tuesday Night
Shard needed a stiff drink and a hearty dollop of Mrs. Olndowski's comfort food. O'Reilly struck the pose he'd practiced most of his life: he held a glass up to the light to see if it was clean.
"Is it still happy hour O'Reilly?" 
"You know that in the 200 years this bar has been open, we've never advertised a happy hour. Every hour here is happy, Lieutenant." 
O'Reilly reached behind the Slim Jims and took a Camel out of the plastic bag that hung there. 
“No thanks, O’Reilly,” Shard said.
O'Reilly looked at him as if he were a complete stranger. He couldn't remember the last time Shard had turned one down. The barkeep thought maybe this time he really meant to stop.
"What I need is a double of the very best single-malt you've hidden away. Do you have anything I haven't tried? You must’ve found something new in the last 200 years."
"Now that you mention it, my distributor, who knows how many hundreds of bottles of single malt I sell a week, suggested I try a new one."
O'Reilly brought out a boxed bottle of Glentauchers from his back room. 
Shard stared as if he'd seen a ghost.
"My God, where'd you get that?" 
"I told you, my distributor."
"I don't believe you. Distributors never carry this stuff. It's as rare as chicken lips."
"I know, but my nephew got a job with a distributor in Syracuse and he mentioned to his boss that I had a customer who was an expert on single malts. His boss said, 'I'll bet he's never heard of this one' and sold it to me for more money than you make in a month. So, here's the test; you've heard of it, but do you know anything about it?"
"The distillery closed about twenty years ago,” Shard said, “then was sold, and reopened. I heard its inventory went into blended scotches, but evidently the angels in the aging house slipped a little out for you and me."
"Great, I win and get a forty percent discount on the bottle. You're good for something, Lieutenant."
"Wise-ass. Pour it. I'm ready. In fact, make it a triple. With two ice cubes. And on second thought, I'll take the Camel."
Johnsen came in with snow sprinkled over his hair and shoulders. Shard was surprised to see him. Johnsen favored watering holes that drew the younger crowd and where the music was raucous, the reasons Shard hung out in this piece of history. 
"Just in time, Johnsen. O'Reilly is running a quiz. Answer the question and you win the drink of your choice, on the house."
O'Reilly scowled.
Johnsen, who'd had more than his quota of whisky for the day was not enthused. He had planned to go home to get some sleep, but decided to stop to see if Shard was in Schuylers. Now he had more free whisky in the offing.
"What's the question? No, wait. If can't answer it, what do I lose?"
"Face," Shard said.
"Well, that's no loss, fire away O'Reilly."
"What does Glentauchers mean to you?" 
Johnsen looked as if someone had asked him what Jupiter's surface temperature was. "What kinda question is that? OK, take my face, I lose."
His eyes opened wider. "No, wait, wait. That's one of the Boss's single malts, isn't it? You owe me one. Instead of a whisky, I'll have a big, and I mean big, orange juice." Johnsen had a yen for it, but didn't know why.
O'Reilly and Shard stared at Johnsen as if he had fallen off Jupiter. "Did I hear you right?" asked O'Reilly, who could snare a drink order across eighty pairs of shoulders while Kowalski squeezed his accordion for all it was worth under the Moose’s head.
"Yup. Please."
Johnsen watched O'Reilly to see that he didn't try to slip him a real drink.
At Shard’s table, Johnsen said, "God what a day! I damned near froze to death, almost starved, was forced to drink a half a fifth of homemade whisky, snow shoed until I was exhausted, and almost got shot. Then to top it all off I had to eat reheated venison stew."
"Someone shot at you? The mountain man?" 
"He wasn't armed and stupidly I wasn't either." He told the story while Shard sipped his much better-than-pretty-good scotch.
"Do you think he was trying to hit you?"
“I don't know. If he was, he came awfully close. If he wasn't, he still came close. Skibinski suspected it was one of his pals out poaching. I bet he shoots whatever he wants all year round." 
“I’ll bet your grandfather's sagas never mentioned a near-miss. Of course your Norse ancestors couldn't figure out gunpowder, so they couldn't almost-shoot anybody. But before you get into Trondelag tales, tell me what you guys found out there."
Fortified with a quart of orange juice, Johnsen leaned back under the Moose's lips and delivered his long tale.
"Skis, huh?" Shard said. "I'm not surprised. He had to use something and I can't picture him hitchhiking, especially if he's local. An out of towner might though." 
Johnsen knew Shard did this sometimes. He thought aloud and often said the dumbest things. It was almost as if he were on Jupiter. It was best to let him babble. At the end of such mental digressions he sometimes came up with an inspired thought.
“The question is,” Shard said, “how did he get the skis out there. Were the skis in Foster’s garage and he took them? But the Fosters don't come up in the winter. Why would they have skis? So, the ice pick-man must have brought his own. How? In the car with Harkness? Did an accomplice follow them in another car? Maybe UPS delivered them just in time?  Either the killer brought them with Harkness or there were two people involved. The mountain man said there was only one set of tracks, but I guess the other guy could have left his car somewhere else, and one of them skied back to it."
Shard dropped back into the real world when O'Reilly brought a huge plate of chuck roast and potatoes with a steaming homemade roll to the table.
"I didn't order this," Shard said.
"Mrs. O said to eat it. She cooked it just for you, she thought you looked like you needed it." 
“Please thank Mrs. O." She was the last person in Leyden Shard wanted to offend. He'd eat her moose-turd pie if she ordered him to. He spotted her looking at him through the little window in the kitchen door. He smiled, waved, and gave her a thumbs up. He knew on which side his bread was buttered, and damn the cliché, he thought.
With his mouth full of roast, potatoes, and roll, he said, "get on the horn in the morning to see what the technical woollies in Syracuse found in Harkness's car. What residue do skis leave? Snow? Water? Varnish? Wax? Smell of leather? Do nylon and aluminum leave traces?" He’s slipped away again Johnsen thought.
"Also, I want you to go out to the country club and find out who left with whom, in what car, and at what time. Can you remember that?"
"Sure Boss, I’ll prove it to you. Smurchwfultsssphful, spit, drool.”
Shard chewed and swallowed without taking his eyes off the blonde Norseman. "The next sergeant I hire will be meek, mild, humble, and respectful to his superior. And no more damned Vikings!"
Johnsen grinned and Shard told him what he had learned from the distraught widow. It was almost ten o'clock and Shard ordered another triple and the only other cigarette O'Reilly would allow him. Johnsen was so engrossed in Shard's story that he found himself drinking a draft he couldn’t remember ordering. They walked out of Schuylers into a wonderland of white, blanketed with six inches of clean, pure snow.
Wednesday Morning
Shard was in his office by seven thirty, early enough to claim his chair. He opened the front of his Apple StyleWriter II printer and took out the Camel that was balanced on top of the ink cartridge.
Johnson claimed the other chair.
"Beautiful morning, isn't it?" 
"You bet," Shard said with enthusiasm.
Periwinkle arrived covered with snow.
“Did you walk to work?" Shard asked.
"Yes. It’s such a beautiful morning and I couldn’t resist, she said as she slipped her knit cap off and swirled her profusion of auburn-brown hair into its natural shape. Shard resisted an urge to stand up and run his fingers through it.
Before Periwinkle adjusted herself to the upturned wastebasket, Johnsen told her about almost getting shot. 
Periwinkle gave them a run-down on her interview with Harold.
"He's probably the most unfeeling, self-centered, useless, cretin I've had the misfortune to meet." 
"You didn't like him?" Shard asked.
"He should have been drowned at birth." 
"Mrs. Harkness had only kind words for him. She described him as 'sensitive.'" 
"Sensitive my foot! He cares only about himself. He doesn't even seem to like his mother and she pays for his worthless lifestyle. He hated his father. He didn't have one nice thing to say about him." 
Shard summarized his talks with Collins and Gloria and pointed out where they contradicted each other and Harold.
"We have a real mare's nest here," Shard said, aware of the cliché. "All of them stand to gain something from Harkness’s death. Gloria keeps her lavish way of life and avoids nasty divorce proceedings. Harold gets more money from his mother to continue his manner of living. The guys in the company who don't want to sell it, get control, at least for the moment, and cut off negotiations. If Gloria gets the mill they probably figure she won't sell it. This guy Dank, the union man, can keep union jobs as well as his own. If Harkness told his mistress goodbye, as Gloria thinks he might have, she keeps her house and whatever else old Steve showered on her. She could have lost it all if he had scampered back to his wife."
"Beautiful," Johnsen said. "Reminds me of the family sagas where everyone is guilty when something horrible happens because they all have a personal interest in the outcome. There are so many family murders in the sagas, it's hard to know which one is most relevant here. But I think that - "
"We'll take you word for it," Periwinkle said. 
"OK guys, here are today's job postings. Johnsen, out to the club to find out when Gloria and Harkness left and with whom. Then go to Ms. Newbill's and see how things stood between her and Harkness. I want to know where she was late Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. We know that Harkness didn’t invite her to the club party."
"I look forward to meeting her," Johnsen said with a fake-leer. "I'm good with mistresses. I drink with them all the time."
Periwinkle threw Johnsen with her best off-putting grimace. Only a couple of months earlier, after he interviewed a woman who came on to him so strong that she scared him, he had vowed to become a monk. 
"Periwinkle, check everybody’s alibi, Newbill's in particular. Talk to the Ashby couple to see if they took Gloria to the party. Did they bring her home? I need times for all this. Even if Harkness was killed two days later, which makes their alibis academic, we’ll find out whom we can trust. And then call the state boys in Syracuse to see if they have finished with Harkness's car. Because you have the easiest duties, I want you to bug Doc to get his autopsy report over here before the Yankees play their opening game."
"Come on Boss, that's not fair. Doc will tear my head off."
"Mild, meek-mannered Doc?" 
"Yeah."
“If you’re nice to him he'll become all cuddly." 
“Sure, like a porcupine." 
"While you guys are doing almost nothing," Shard said, "I have an appointment to talk to Chuck Feldon, the mill's financial man, and the improbably named Dank. OK, let's hit the road laddies. See you back here before we go home."
"Oh, by the way. The chocolate turtles. Who do I have to thank for them?"
Periwinkle looked at Johnsen.
"We didn't give you any chocolate turtles," she said.
"No you didn't, but somebody gave them to Shelly in my name. I forgot to get her something for Christmas." 
"You forgot to buy Shelly a present? I can't believe it," Johnsen said. "How could you be so heartless after everything she's done for you?"
"Oh, those turtles," Periwinkle said. "We gave them to her. Maybe we put them in your name Boss."
“Thanks, I appreciate it."
"While you're in such an appreciative mood," Periwinkle said, "I need to get off at five tonight. I have to do some cooking."
"For your parents?" Shard asked.
"No, sir." 
"I see. I won’t stand in the way of romance. By all means cook him something scrumptious. You know the way to a man's heart - "
"Right Boss," she said as she escaped before Johnsen started in on her. 
But he was right behind her. “The Catholic guy, right?" She walked on.
Shard half-wished that Periwinkle would cook for him tonight. He didn't know she could cook, she'd never mentioned it. Hell, she was never home. His thoughts segued to the terrific Christmas dinner he had at Ellen's. Now there was a woman who knew the way to a man's heart. He pulled his Rolodex over to find her work number. On his way to the Misch card, he passed the 'Cs' and espied a Camel tucked away there. He convinced himself it was a sign. He dialed.
"Hello beautiful." 
"Who's this?" 
"Bella Lugosi. Wanna go to Transylvania with me?"
“Right away Bella, you have to be much better looking than the last guy I dated." 
"Just wanted to thank you for a wonderful time over Christmas and to tell you I'm in the middle of another murder investigation. That's a long way around to tell you I can't make it out there this weekend. But I hear your mother really wants to see you. She wants to know all about a tall, good looking cop. Can you come out?"
"Gee, I don't know Lieutenant. You see I've met this terrific accountant who drives a new car with roll-up windows and a heater. He's irresistible, especially in the winter."
"Tomorrow’s New Year's Eve. We could dance the night away." 
"Great idea, do you have reservations?"
"Not quite," Shard said, "but I'll take care of them. I know it's short notice, but - "
"I'll let you know. I don't know what Alice is doing. Besides I've got a tentative date with that guy who has real windows in his car. And it starts every time. He said to tell you."
Wednesday Morning
Johnsen felt surprisingly good, even after yesterday’s half bottle of mountain man whisky. He could almost hear the fat flakes smack the ground as he drove up the drive that snaked around the snow-blanketed golf course fairways. The club was imposing, Gothic, three story, dressed stone exterior with a slate roof, that Johnsen noticed had shed some snow already. 
He found the club's manager in the cellar taking a wine inventory for the New Year’s revelry. He told Johnsen that three guys, two of them kids, had parked cars on Christmas Eve. Art, the regular employee, was out back plowing the parking lot for the second time this morning.
Art wasn’t hard to find; his battered Scout had no muffler and was  loud enough to irritate fallen Vikings in Valhalla. Johnsen caught Art's attention and he turned his motor off.
"You'll go deaf in that thing," Johnsen said as he climbed in next to him.
"You gonna arrest me for making' noise?" 
"No, I just need information. You worked the Christmas Eve party, right?"
"Yup."
"Do you remember bringing Mr. Harkness's car around after the party?"
"Sure."
"What time was that?"
"I don't know. Around midnight, I suppose. I ran my arse off all night. I didn't look at the time."
"What did Mr. Harkness drive?"
"His white Ford SUV. Clean as a whistle."
"Did he leave alone?"
"Now, ya know, that's funny. He came out with a couple of other guys who wanted their cars. I brought his up and I held the door for him. He tipped me, big time. Then his wife ran out and yelled 'Steve! Steve! Wait! Wait!’ He shut his door and was ready to drive off, but she ran in front of his SUV and he couldn't. Then she jumped in and he took off. Fast like."
"Are you sure it was Mrs. Harkness who got in the car? This is important." 
"Sure. I know her. She's out here all the time."
"Did she come to the party with him?"
"No, he came alone. I parked his car."
"Did you see her arrive?"
"No, I can't be everywhere.”
"Yeah, I understand. Thanks," Johnsen said as he fled the cloud of carbon monoxide that lingered inside the Scout.
That makes the ex a liar, just as Shard guessed, he thought.
Wednesday Morning
Johnsen considered mankind's propensities to deceive as he drove to Debra Newbill's house. He wondered why developers always cut down every tree in sight and then planted spindly new ones all over. Olde Towne was a typical McMansion development, he noticed, the kind of neighborhood people fifty years from now will be able to date to within five years. Her house shrieked 2002. 
He trudged up the unplowed walk and rang her doorbell which played ‘Jingle bells’ all the way through. It dampened his high expectations for the interview.
Newbill surprised him though. She was short, really short. Johnsen, at six foot five, towered over her five-foot frame. And she wasn't that young. He’d expected arm candy, flashy and maybe thirty. She was probably ten years older and decidedly not flashy. She wore what looked like an expensive pleated wool skirt with a tiny check pattern, a very attractive sweater set that hugged, but did not emphasize, her ample assets. The outfit's dark colors set her blonde tresses off well, even if they came from a bottle. He was struck by her fresh-faced look. She wore little make-up - she didn't need it.  His first reaction was to like her, even given her romantic circumstances.
He realized she waited for him to say something.
"Hi," he said and introduced himself.
Her house was immaculate, with everything just so. Johnsen wondered if she lived here. She led him out to the family room with huge sliding glass doors that overlooked a deck piled high with a foot of snow. They sat across from one another.
"I'm sorry about Mr. Harkness's death," Johnsen said. "I assure you that we will do everything possible to find the person who killed him. That's why I'm here. We have to trace Mr. Harkness's movements just before he was killed and we need your help."
"I don't think I can help you much," she said in a voice not much above a whisper.
"When did you last see him?" 
"He came over on Christmas Eve afternoon for a couple of hours. We exchanged gifts and had a drink."
Johnsen bet they exchanged gifts.
"How did he seem?"
"As always. In a good mood. He looked forward to the holidays even though we couldn't celebrate them together."
"How did you meet Mr. Harkness?" 
“I work in marketing for the telephone company and I also volunteer at the public library. Last year I was appointed to a seat on the library board. Mr. Harkness has been on it forever and is a big contributor to the library. We took a liking to one another and he asked me out to dinner. We've been friends ever since."
"I hate to pry into your personal life, but I understand that Mr. Harkness bought you this house."
"Yes."
"Is it in his name?"
"Yes."
"The same for your car?"
"Yes, sergeant, I'm a kept woman, if that's what you're asking. I am, or was, his mistress."
"I just want to find out how involved he was outside his marriage." 
"I'd say very involved, at least with me.” She didn't appear nervous or embarrassed by any of this, but Johnsen supposed that this wasn’t a secret in Harkness's social swirl.
"Are you suggesting that he had other outside interests?"
"Well, I'd be the last to know, wouldn't I? I know that he was far from a one-woman-man. But he was always nice to me."
"Back to Christmas Eve. What time did Mr. Harkness leave here?"
"About five, I think. It was dark. He had to go to the country club party."
"Did you talk to him after the party?" 
"No. I thought he would call after he got home because his wife had moved out and I knew he'd be lonely. I waited up, but he didn't call. I never spoke to him again."
"Did he mail you a note or something that was postmarked after Christmas Eve?"
Debra shook her head. She stared at her hands folded in her lap. Johnsen noticed that her hair was very thick and wavy.
"Were you home all night on Christmas Eve?"
"I just told you that. I waited for Steve's call." 
"What did you do on Christmas Day?"
"I stayed here in case Steve called. I didn't go out at all. I was worried." 
"But you didn't call the sheriff's department.”
"It wasn't my place to do that, not without going public about our relationship."
"You knew that his marriage was troubled?” 
"Oh yes. They fought for years. They hadn't slept together since before I met him. I was surprised his marriage lasted this long."
"Do you know Mrs. Harkness?"
"I know about her. But personally? No. I saw her in the library a few times and spoke to her. We were always polite, but I don't think she knew about me. She won’t be so polite now."
"She told Lieutenant Shard that Mr. Harkness promised he'd break up with you. She thinks he did. Did he?"
"Never! He told me that we'd get married when he was free of her. He meant it."
"Why hadn't he gotten free of her earlier?"
"He wanted to, but there were financial complications he had to work out. He didn't want her to inherit his company and he didn't want to pay her a huge alimony. Don’t forget he had his worthless son to consider.”
"Now that he's dead what happens to your house and car?"
"I don't know. I doubt if he left me anything in his will. But I have a good job and have saved money. I won't be able to live in this style, but that's all right."
"Have you ever been married?"
"No."
"And you don't have any children?"
She arched her eyebrows as if to ask 'what kind of a woman do you think I am?' but simply said "no."
"Do you have any idea of who'd want to kill him?"
She thought a moment. "Not really. I suppose Gloria would top my list, but she's more cunning than that. Harold is too lazy to kill anyone. Steve had troubles at work, but I don't know the details. I can’t imagine that anyone who worked for him would do it. Even if he got away with it he’d probably lose his job. The union guy with the weird name argued with Steve all the time, but afterwards they went out for drinks. I don't know of anyone else."
"What about you? The spurned lover about to lose it all, lover, house, lifestyle?" 
She gave him a hard look, "why would I kill him? I loved him. He was good to me. Our life together wasn't perfect, but it was about to get much better. I had no reason to kill him."
"Put that way, I'd have to agree with you." 
She showed him to the door. "We may want to talk to you later," he said as he scuffed through calf-deep snow to his car. But she had already closed the door.
Wednesday Morning
Collins's secretary, a decidedly unattractive but most proper woman, ushered Shard down the hall to a windowless room where Chuck Feldon, North Country Paper's financial guru waited.
Feldon sat at the end of the table, in the power seat Shard registered, and didn't bother to stand up to shake hands. Shard took an instant dislike to him.  Feldon didn't even say hello, He sat like a fat bug, his frog-like eyes stared out of a swollen face that looked like it had long struggled to absorb his flat nose. His mouth was frozen in a permanent sneer. In his mid to late forties, Shard guessed, he had already lost his battle to keep his hair. He had carefully combed the scraggly black strands across his expansive bald spot and then pasted them down with something that looked like 3 and 1 oil. His white shirt looked like it was on its third day and it didn't quite cover him. It gapped over his belly and tufts of hair sprouted between the buttons. Shard suspected he was as fat and oily on the inside as he was on the outside.
"Good morning," Shard said. “I need some information on internal company matters. I understand that Mr. Harkness tried to sell the company." 
"Yes." 
"And I heard that you opposed the sale." 
"Yes, I did." 
"Would you tell me why?"
Feldon gave him a froggy stare and Shard read the indecision in his eyes. 
"Aside from the fact that I could lose my job if the company was sold, I don't see any solid financial reasons for selling. We’re doing well.”
"I know that you have suffered some down years lately." 
"This is a tough business, Lieutenant. But we're strong enough to weather the bad years, or have been so far, and boy do we enjoy the good ones."
“Your bottom line depends heavily on the price of newsprint over which you have no control, is that right?”
"Yes and the price is up right now. I nagged Peter to push every ton he could out of the mill to make money while the sun shines."
Shard winced at the tattered cliché, so inappropriate on a snowy day.
"Were there any other reasons you opposed the sale? You have stock options that could make you a bundle if the company is sold."
"True, but I don't need the dough right now."
"How far are you in the negotiations to sell?"
"They're still in the talking stage. We haven't brought in merger consultants or bankers. We won't until the talks get more serious - and I hope they won't."
"Have any prospective buyers checked North Country's books?" 
Feldon's look betrayed that he understood the implications of the question. He shifted his bulk and glared at Shard. 
"No."
"Have you given anyone a summary of them?"
"No, but they’ve read our annual reports." 
“The annual reports I've read," and little did Feldon know how few Shard had ever seen, "have been shoeshine to camouflage scuffed leather."
“Do you think that I've polished the books?"
"Have you?" 
"Like all good CFOs, I put the best face on our numbers. That's what I get paid to do."
"I assume you have the company's books audited every year?"
"Of course, it's the law."
"Who's your auditor?"
It was clear from Feldon’s body language that he didn't like where this was going.
"As if it's any of your business, but it's public information if you make an effort to look it up. It's Sheldon & Burnside in Utica. An old, trusted firm."
"Just asking." 
"What does any of this have to do with Steve's murder?"
 Shard was surprised it took him so long to ask.
"Company disputes might have led someone to kill him. That's all. Did anyone here in the mill want him dead?
"No. We don't kill people, at least not physically. We make newsprint." 
"Isn't it easy to slide over the edge from rhetorical killings to the real thing?" 
"I don’t know."
"Who'd be most likely to resort to physical violence?" 
“Not me or Pete. I don't know about Dank. Some of his guys are pretty rough. We've had some trouble with labor violence in the past. I don’t think that Dank would be offended by a little blood. I know he sure didn't like Steve; they fought all the time. You should’ve heard some of the threats fired across this table during negotiations. But I never believed either would carry them out."
He paused and gazed out the window. Shard waited him out.
"I'd look at that damned wife of his. She’s a conniving bitch. Took Steve for every dime she could and wasted them on that mausoleum they live in and that worthless son of theirs. It drove Steve nuts. I think he was almost broke and that's why he wanted to sell. I asked him, 'but what about us? It’s our jobs.' He brushed me off."
"Anybody else in the picture?"
"You mean Debra? That's been going on for years. She was good for Steve, he could talk to her. She couldn’t kill, she's a sweetie."
"Would she murder him if he tried to dump her?"
"Steve wouldn't dump her. She was the only decent thing in his life."
"You didn't answer my question." 
"Well I don't know the answer. I suppose anybody can kill if he's pushed far enough. Right?"
Shard noticed the gender change.
"I suppose you're right,” Shard said. “Will you continue to fight the sale?"
"Absolutely. Nothing has changed."
"But if Gloria inherits the company things will change, won’t they?”  
"If that bitch gets the mill, I'm out of here. She'll ruin the place unless she lets Pete and me run it." 
"What about Junior?"
"That worthless piece of lint? You got to be kidding. Steve knew better than to let that loser anywhere near here. He worked for me one summer and I barely saw him. When came to work all he did was complain. I was the happiest man on earth when Gloria sent him away to rest after his hard labors. No, he doesn't figure in the company's future. Its going to be Pete, me, and probably Gloria. I just hope Pete can convince her to leave us alone."
“One more question and then I let you get back to the calculator,” Shard said. "Where were you on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day?"
"Am I a suspect?" 
"As they say in mystery novels, just a routine question."
"You know that I was at the club's Christmas Eve party. It’s an institution in Leyden, Everybody goes."
I don't, Shard thought. I wasn't invited. Guess I'm not everybody or anybody even.
"What time did you leave?"
"It broke up about midnight - always does. I left then."
"Did you see Steve leave?"
"Yeah, he wished me a Merry Christmas and walked out while I talked to the hat check girl."
"Where did you go afterwards?"
"Where do you think? It was after midnight. Home. With my wife."
"OK, how about Christmas day."
"Who goes anywhere on Christmas? We opened our presents, sat around, and had a big dinner. That’s what everybody does on Christmas, isn't it?"
"Who's 'we?'" Shard asked.
"My wife Denise and our two daughters. They’re home from college."
"Where do they go?"
"Betsy is at Kenyon and Emily goes to Davidson."
"Pretty expensive schools aren't they?" 
"You bet. It keeps me pedaling just to pay their tuition. It's the other stuff that kills me, clothes, food, transportation, and such. I own four cars and I drive lousiest of the bunch. Where's the justice?"
Shard thought Feldon might have a sense of humor.
"Did you see or talk to Mr. Harkness after the Christmas Eve party?"
"No."
"And you have no idea where he went afterwards?"
"No."
"Do know anybody who saw him after he left the club?" 
"No.”
"Well, it's certain that someone did," Shard said.
Shard wished him high newsprint prices in the New Year and asked to see Dank.
 Dank entered before the door closed behind Feldon. Shard wondered if he had overheard their conversation, not that it would matter much.
Shard supposed that Dank looked Irish, if there was such a look. Heavy set, three or four inches shorter than Shard, he had a mop of dark curly hair and bright blue eyes, kind ones Shard judged. Dank was no suit in this company. He wore frayed blue jeans and a blue twill long-sleeved shirt speckled with spots of what looked like oil. 
"Please have a seat. Anywhere," Shard said.
Dank took the one Feldon had just vacated.
"Steve always sat here and gave me hell. It's too bad I can't give someone hell while I've got the seat," he said as a big toothy smile crept across his face.
"I'm the chief investigator on this case," Shard said, "and I'd like to know who you think might have killed Steve."
"You play hard ball, don't you? Just like Steve. I should be used to it in this room."
“Sorry, I didn't mean to be quite so direct." 
"I don't know. My first choice would be that shithead he's married to. She'd kill her mother for a dollar. She sure tried to keep us from earning one. I don't know how the hell Steve lived with her."
"Do you have a second choice?" 
"Feldon. He's the slob who cooks the books. I know, because my union examines them every three years before we negotiate a new contract. The international's accountants told me they make no sense. They say nobody could understand them. They think he's on the take, bleeding them, ya know what I mean?"
“But why kill Mr. Harkness then?"
"Oh come on, you ain't that dense, Lieutenant. Feldon can't have anyone looking at them, not serious-like. They'll find out he's been lying. Fat Feldon goes to jail and his daughters have to go to a state college like my kids. If the company stays independent, he's home free. Keeps on cooking."
"Could he kill?"
“I'd never turn my back on that fat shit. He's creepy, them eyes. Can you imagine running into him in the dark?"
"Did you want Mr. Harkness dead?" 
Dank sat up, took his elbows off the table, but never broke eye contact with Shard. "Every three years I wanted to kill him. He was a hard man to deal with, close with a nickel, I'll tell you. I had to wrestle him to the floor for everything we got. You won’t believe some of the things he called me and I wasn't all that nice either. But when we was all done we went to the country club for a few drinks. But I didn't want him dead, no one else would be any better."
"The word on the street is that you have some, how shall I put it, unsavory characters in your union. There has been violence in the past during the negotiations. Right?" 
Dank gave him a knowing smile. "Sometimes a few of the boys get a little riled up. But we never had any serious trouble at the mill. I keep 'em quieted down most of the time. If you're asking if any of my guys could of killed Steve, no way. They ain't those kind of men. Just get a little anxious sometimes."
“Wouldn’t Steve's plans to sell the company have hurt the union?"
"We make decent wages, about average for the industry. They might go up a little with a bigger company, I don't know."
"Yeah, but what happens if somebody big, like Northern, buys the mill and shuts it down to cut competition?"
"Ain't nobody supposed to know about that. How'd you find out?"
"I'm a detective. I'm supposed to find out stuff like that." 
"There’s a chance they’d do that and it scares me. I tried to get Steve to promise not to sell us out, but he refused. It would kill the boys, there's not much else around here for them."
"Would you kill someone to stop the sale?" 
Dank paused, "No, but I'd sure as hell have raised Cain to try to stop the sale."
"Where were you on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day?" 
"You think I did it?"
"Nope, but I have to check everybody." 
"I went to Midnight mass with my family and over to the neighbors for a couple of drinks afterwards. Got up late on Christmas, cooked breakfast for the whole family, and spent half the day opening presents. The whole family was there. Afterwards, some neighbors came over and we had a few beers, like we do every year."
"Did you see Mr. Harkness over the holidays?"
"Not after the mill closed at noon on Christmas Eve."
"Did you talk to him on the phone?"
"Next I heard of him he was on the front page of the newspaper."
"What happens if his wife inherits the company?”
"Christ, that'd be a disaster. She hates me, thinks we all get paid too much. She always tried to keep Steve from giving us raises.”
"What if Harold inherits the mill?"
"That's a joke, right? He's the most useless bastard I've ever met. I wouldn't let him in my union if he doubled our salaries and gave us free medical care and fourteen weeks paid vacation. This place would shut down a week after he took over."
Shard believed him.
"Do you know Alfred Charbeneau?"
Dank looked at Shard warily. "He’s the guy who runs the floating crap game, isn't he?"
“Yeah, ever do any business with him?" 
"I don't gamble, but some of the boys do."
"Any of the mill’s bosses gamble with Charbeneau?"
"I don’t know.” 
"You ever do any other kind of business with him?" 
"What do ya mean?"
"Charbeneau keeps a couple of penny-ante thugs on his payroll. Have they ever been involved in union affairs?"
"You think I have to hire muscle?" 
"I just wanted to know if Charbeneau's name has ever surfaced around the mill. That's all."
"Not that I know of." Dank had a truthful look in his eyes.
"OK. Thanks for your time," Shard said as he rose from his chair.
"I have all the time in the world, Lieutenant. I'm on the clock. I'll sit here all day if you want." Dank slouched down farther in his chair to emphasize he was ready for a long winter’s chat.
On the drive back to headquarters Shard thought it odd that Dank didn't know or wouldn't admit that Harkness gambled. That kind of rumor would have gotten around on the floor, especially if other workers gambled. Maybe Harkness only sat in on private high stakes games. He glanced at an attractive copse of birch trees laden with new snow and thought of dancing tomorrow night away with Ellen. His heart lightened

  CHAPTER 4
Awash in Possibilities
Wednesday Afternoon
Shard was starving and walked down to Patel's where he picked up a ready-made deli sandwich, two bags of fresh donuts, and three cups of coffee. He stopped at Batdorf's Jewelry. 
"Hey beautiful," he yelled, "I've got something for you."
Patty Batdorf stuck her head through the curtain of beads that separated the office from the jewelry displays.
"I heard the bell. I knew it was you, it sounded needy," she said.
"That's not so. I had to get this to you before it scalded my hand," he said as he handed her a cup of coffee and a bag of donuts.
"Two sugars and cream, right?" 
She nodded, opened the cash register, and slipped a Camel from under the twenties.
"Yeah, I know," he said. “Outside in the snow. Thanks though."
Shard took his sandwich and coffees up to the Post office. Luke and his dog Dizzy were settled on the floor in the warm foyer taking an early afternoon nap. Luke wasn't Leyden’s swiftest citizen, but he was a wonderful kid and Shard had a thing for scratching his dog’s ears. If he were chasing a murderer, he'd stop to scratch behind Dizzy’s ears. Shard sat down and nudged Luke. Dizzy awoke first; he never missed a donut. Shard handed Luke the bag and a coffee. He gave Dizzy the first donut, which he downed in one gulp, and sat up, tail thumping, for what he expected would be the rest. 
"Thanks Mr. Shard," Luke said. "They're good."
Shard unwrapped his sandwich, spread the paper on the floor, and ate in contentment. At least Dizzy and Luke never lie to me, he thought.
Dizzy meandered over for his mandatory ear rub. Shard took him and Luke outside and sat on the shoveled steps. Shard remembered how gentle Periwinkle had been with Luke when he was an eyewitness to the Landry murder. She was good with children, he thought, and will probably be a great mother and I wouldn’t mind being a father myself. He was getting depressed, so he tried to guess what the Kaiser would say if he saw him on the steps like this in the middle of the day. Shard bet he'd say something like 'good work out there on the steps Lieutenant keeping criminals out of the Post Office,' or some such thing.
Shard found Periwinkle in his chair with her feet up on the clutter on his desk when he returned to his office. He took the other chair and looked across at her self-satisfied smile. 
"Boy, do I have good stuff for you Boss."
"It looks like you've been slaving away. You must be exhausted from sitting in the only comfortable chair in the office," he said, as he thought that eventually he had to settle this chair problem, but hated to pull rank when they worked so well together.
“What do you have?" 
“Charming Harold, despite his perfect tan, wasn't in Nevis yesterday morning."
“No? Where was he?"
"I don't know, but he wasn't there. He told me he flew into New York Tuesday morning and was still tired. Well, the fact is that you can't fly anywhere from Nevis, except on a puddle jumper to St. Kitts next door. Nevis Air isn't even in the computer. They must book passengers by hand or something. St. Kitts only has one flight a day on Delta so I checked Delta's passenger list for yesterday."
"I assume you asked Delta's permission to access their records?"
“Always, Boss. Anyway, Harold Harkness was not on their manifest. I checked the day before, same story. I looked back until December 19 when I found Mr. Harold listed on a flight into Kennedy. That means he could have been in Leyden five or six days before his father was killed. His alibi just went down the tubes."
"Junior’s not only a worthless clod, but a liar as well," Shard said. "We'll follow that up. What else do you have?"
"I called the Ashbys and they said they didn’t bring the wife home. They waited around after the party broke up until they discovered she had left. She did go to the party with them though. At least she told the truth about something."
"So, if she didn't have her car at the party, and didn't come back with the Ashbys, how'd she get home? I'd lay money with her husband. Is anybody telling us the truth about Christmas Eve? I didn't know there are so many congenital prevaricators in Leyden.”
"While I was warmly ensconced in your chair, Boss, I called Syracuse about Harkness's car. They checked it yesterday evening and had finished their written report on it. Some guy named Walter Ludlow faxed it to me with a note that asked you to pay up faster than you did the last time. You must have pull down there. Walter complained that he has a parking lot full of cars to pull apart."
"I worked with Walt in Albany when I was in the state police.  He's a real detail man, doesn't miss a thread. I promised to send him a bottle of single-malt if he got on Harkness's car quickly."
"He mentioned that even if you aren’t reliable, he made out OK from the overtime he earned on your car." 
"Oh wonderful. Ed Hammondtree is going to kill me. He's the tightest man in the state police, that’s why he's post commander at Syracuse. I'll hear from him, I promise you. I hope Walt found something that makes the earful I'm about to get from Ed worthwhile."
"You win Boss, he found residue from ski wax on the backs of both the front and back seats. He said somebody carried skis inside the car. Unusual he thought."
"Ski wax," Shard said, as he wondered why people repeated what they'd just been told. To stall for time, he guessed. He re-ran his interview with Gloria through his mind. She'd said that Harkness hated to ski, but she and Harold loved it.
He mentioned that to Periwinkle. "I wonder if Harkness couldn't ski? Or just didn't like to. There's a big difference. His SUV didn't have a ski rack on top, but nobody I know lays them over the seats. That's odd."
"The only reasonable explanation, given what the Norseman told us," Periwinkle said, "is that the murderer brought skis along to get away."
“If so, this a clear case of premeditated murder. A killer doesn't bring skis just in case he might kill someone.”
“Also, Boss, people don't walk around with skis under their arms and ice picks in their pockets. At least I don't."
"Good point." Shard noticed his unintended pun.
"What's a good point guys?" Johnsen asked as he came in and recognized that he was wastebasket bound. The happy look slipped off his face. “Go on, I'll pick up what I've missed later."
"And finally," Periwinkle glanced at Johnson, "just before I left this perfectly comfortable chair to have lunch, I called your good friend Doc. Did he give me an earful. Want to hear some of it?"
"Only the gist," Shard said.
"He isn't God and neither are you. Good professional work can't be hurried. He's never wrong because he went to a better college than you did. And you dress funny and drive a dumb car. That’s the highlights. At least he didn't yell at me." 
"He wouldn't do that. The day either of us says something nice to the other you can lay good money the second coming is nigh. But what did he say?"
"I walked down to his office to pick up his report which, he complained, he hurried just for you. The upshot of it is that Harkness died instantly of a single stab wound to his heart by an ice pick-like instrument. No evidence of a struggle, no bruising, nothing under his fingernails except what he told me he expected to find. I didn't follow up on that. He doesn't know the exact time of death, but it had to be between midnight Christmas Eve, because that's the last time anyone saw Harkness, and December 27th or maybe the 28th. It depends on how cold it got in that garage. No later than that he said."
“I’m not surprised he couldn’t get it any closer," Shard said. “For all practical purposes, Harkness was in a deep freeze. Makes it hard to tell anything."
“Was Doc isn't sure someone used an ice pick?” Johnsen asked. “Could it have been something else small and narrow, like a stiletto. Or a piece of tempered wire? Or a small screwdriver? Maybe the tip of a casting rod? Anything.”
"I didn't ask him. I suppose since the ice pick wasn't sticking out of Harkness," Periwinkle said, "Doc left his options open. All he says is that it was like an ice pick. And besides, what difference would it make if it were something else? All the things you suggest look pretty much alike and are found in most garages and basements."
“You never park in your garage, so how would you know what's in there?" Johnsen asked.
"How do you know I don't use my garage?" 
"Because I drive past your house every night to be sure you're OK."
Periwinkle stared at Johnsen as if she'd just discovered he was Eric Bloodaxe's great-grandson. "Whaaaat?"
"Just kidding." 
They'd make great looking kids, Shard thought while they parried. 
Wednesday Afternoon
Shard's phone interrupted his meanderings on Norse and Anglo-Saxon genetics. He nodded at Periwinkle to answer it.
"Sergeant Periwinkle."
"Yes ma'am, he's right here." With an all-knowing look she handed the phone across his desk.
"Lieutenant Shard."
"Oh, hi," he said. "That's great. I'll look for the two of you tomorrow afternoon and I'll make the reservations." He paused, "no, I'll get them, I promise. Drive carefully. Bye."
"Let me guess," Periwinkle said. "Another personal call on company time. My acute ear tells me that she's from western New York, pretty far west. In fact, I'd place her on the east side of Buffalo. Close?"
"Within a couple of miles, yes. Ellen's coming for New Year's Eve with her daughter, Alice. The girl made their date sound less intimate.
"And you haven't made any reservations?" Johnsen asked. "You'll never get one now. You'll have to eat Patel's hot dogs on the sidewalk while the three of you watch the partygoers in their finery head out to do the balls. Ellen will love you for that. How old's Alice?"
"Twelve."
“Good. She’ll have a ball on the sidewalk. A hot dog is probably all she wants out of life. Plus mustard."
"OK wise guy, where are you going?"
"I made reservations. I plan ahead so my date will have a good time," Johnsen said.
"Where?" 
"Cleveland Inn, the best new spot in town. I only go first class."
"And your date is?" Shard asked.
"Now, you're getting personal Boss." 
"It wouldn't be that Smytheville fluff, Candyce, would it?"
"Oh come on Boss, give me some credit. Anyway, you wouldn’t know my date. She's from Rochester."
"That's a fer piece. How'd you meet her?"
"Well, I haven't exactly met her, but I've seen her picture and she's gorgeous."
"You have a blind date for New Years?" Periwinkle asked.
"Not exactly blind. I know a good deal about her. Doc says - "
"Whaaaaat?" Periwinkle said. "Doc fixed you up! I can't believe it. You have sunk to new depths."
"It's Doc's niece. He asked if I'd show her a good time. I tell you, she’s beautiful. She's a psychologist in a Rochester suburb."
"Oh, that's exactly what you need," Periwinkle said after she stopped laughing. "Ask her what compels you to tell those bedtime stories in which Vikings slaughter everybody."
"OK kiddies," Shard said, "that's enough. We have a murder to solve. But before we do, it's Periwinkle's turn to tell us about her date tomorrow night. Then we'll all be even. Periwinkle?"
"At least I'm going out with someone I've met. I have a date with Donald and he made the reservations. They're a surprise, but he said that I'd have to dress up."
"That the Catholic boy on your mother's refrigerator list?" Johnsen asked.
"Ok that's enough," Shard said. "I hope we all have a great time and everything goes as we hope." He wished he hadn't said it quite like that.
Wednesday Afternoon
"Is that all you have for us Periwinkle? About the case I mean." Shard wondered how he could say such stupid things.
"I think so Boss."
"OK Johnsen, your turn."
“Boss, your little Ms. Gloria lied to you yesterday. She didn't go home with her neighbors like she said."
"How do you know?" 
"Art, the valet at the party, saw her get into Harkness's car," and he filled them in on the details. "So, she's the last person we know who saw Harkness alive. And I was thinking, is an ice pick a woman's weapon? I know they like knives."
"I don't know of any studies on women and ice picks," Shard said, "but I guess they could be construed as phallic, like knives. I don't know."
They both looked at Periwinkle.
"Don't look at me!" she said. "I don't know anything about that kind of stuff."
Johnsen's question intrigued Shard. He was tempted to ask if the sagas shed any light on it, but thought better of it. Instead, he asked, "what else do you have for us Johnsen?" 
He told them about his interview with Harkness's mistress. "The most important bit of information was that he was at her house from about three to five on Christmas Eve. She says she never saw or talked to him again."
"What's your impression of her?" 
Johnsen and Periwinkle were always ready with their impressions for Shard. 
"Funny thing, I wasn’t prepared to like her. Kept woman and all that. Not my type at all."
Periwinkle met Shard's eyes. Neither said anything.
"But she's very nice. She may be the only person who liked Harkness. She seemed genuinely upset that he was killed."
"Yeah, she loses her meal ticket," Shard said.
"She admitted that, but said that she'd saved her money and would be OK. She also swore that Harkness hadn't dumped her. Instead, he told her that he intended to marry her after his divorce. I asked her who would want to kill Harkness and her first answer was his wife, then a couple of guys at the plant. She was adamant that she had no reason to harm him because she loved him."
"Do you believe her?" 
"I think so Boss. I don't believe a spurned second woman would say such nice things about him. I think she'd call him everything in the book.”
"Unless she's a great actress," Periwinkle said. "Some women are, particularly when it comes to love affairs. We see and describe the world differently than you guys. Maybe I should talk with her to see what I think."
"I agree," said Shard. The last thing he wanted was to discuss how men and women saw things. It made him think of Hope. She saw their relationship very differently than he had. He believed they would be together for life while she checked over the field and chose a new man, a drug rep no less. He shook the depressing thought off.
"Remind me of that later, will you?" he said to Periwinkle.
“I'll tell you what I found out at the mill this morning.” When finished, he said "I'll let Periwinkle fill you in on what she knows. I have to see the Kaiser. I bet he won't be in tomorrow, so he'll expect me to bring him up to speed today. Then let's call it quits."
"Thanks Boss," Periwinkle said looking at her watch. "I have a roast on marinade that I have to get in the oven."
Johnsen started to make a smart remark.
"Do you realize laddies," that in almost two hours Johnsen hasn't bored us with a single Norse tale? This may be a record." 
"Now that you mention it," Johnsen said, "I just thought of an appropriate story."
Periwinkle quickly interjected, "I have some very interesting stuff for you, Norseman," and she related her morning's efforts.
Thursday Morning.
Shard awoke to a burst of sun streaming into his bedroom, the first he'd seen in a week. His spirits soared. He faced only a half a day's work and Ellen was on her way. He arrived at his office before seven thirty. 
He removed the bowl that caught the shavings in his pencil sharpener and took out his first Camel of the day. 
He couldn't remember the last time he had so many possible killers. Everybody wanted a piece of Harkness and they all had a motive to kill him. Shard believed in the old adage to look first at family members, Gloria and the goofus son. If that line of inquiry petered out, he favored following the deceased's secret passions, Debra and dice. Money was the third most common motive for murder and he had a choice between Feldon and Dank with maybe an outside chance on Collins. Shard was bothered that there might be suspects not on his list. Exactly what he needed - more of them.
He scrounged in the papers on his desk and found one with a clean backside to make a list. He needed to see Harkness's will now. Periwinkle had to find out where Harold was on Christmas Eve and why he had lied about it. Shard penned himself in to ask Gloria why she denied leaving the party with Harkness. Someone should call the paper company's auditors to find out if Dank was right when he accused Feldon of cooking the books. Shard also wanted to check if Harkness had a ski rack on any of his cars. He made a note to find out how many cars he had. He wrote down Debra's name with a question mark. Johnsen had painted her as a mite too nice and faithful to be true.
Periwinkle strode in with a cheery "good morning Boss," that made his day even brighter. She looked terrific in navy blue corduroy slacks with a matching sweater that featured a Nordic design stretched across her breasts. She looked like an ad for L.L. Bean. And that hair. He felt ashamed of the urge to run his fingers through it and was thankful that she was ignorant of it. His phone rang.
"Lieutenant Shard."
"Oh, good morning Captain Hammondtree. I expected I'd hear from you." 
"Why the hell did you use up my overtime budget to examine some damned car you found in a garage up there in the middle of nowhere? The guy's been dead forever and I'm overrun with business down here.”
"A second good morning to you Ed. What'd you do fall out of the wrong side of your tree this morning? Or don't you have any of this brilliant sunshine that's warming our bones up here?"
"Quit bullshitting me son. Why the overtime?"
"This is an important case, Ed. The victim is the biggest employer in the county. The heat's on me to get this solved pronto and I need every bit of help I can get. Walter was kind enough to clean the car quickly. I didn't know he'd do it on overtime. On the positive side though, eagle-eye Ludlow picked up a good clue for me."
"OK, Shard, let's get down to brass tacks. What'd ya offer Ludlow to get him to pull your wreck to the head of the line? Let me guess, a cheap bottle of single-malt with a pretty label and a poem on the box. Am I close?"
Shard pictured a mound of brass tacks and wondered how the cliché originated.
"You're right on Ed. Except it was an expensive bottle with no poem." Shard wondered why he was having this conversation.
"I knew it. You know bribery of a public officer is a felony.”
"Uh-huh, but this wasn't bribery, it was his New Year's present. I always give Walt a little something. We're old friends." 
"Yeah, sure. Tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to send the tab to your boss. He'll be tickled pink to reimburse me to keep this out of the press.”
Shard was stuck on the image of a pink Kaiser. It would be a lot of pink, he decided.
"Perfect solution," Shard said. "Sent it to Hilda Bluder, his assistant. She'll take care of it."
"I'll get it out this morning." 
"Good. Happy New Year Ed."
"Yeah, right" he said and slammed his phone down.
"Do you think he'll bill us?" Periwinkle asked.
"You can bet on it. He's the cheapest man in the state. That's why I had him send it to Bluder. She'll deep six it faster than a cheetah in heat and he'll forget about it." Shard winced at his mangled metaphors.
"Can you find out if Harold flew out of Kennedy on the 19th? If you can get his flight number we won’t have to take his word."
"It will take me forever unless I get lucky. I have to break into, excuse me, access, every airline's computer and check the passenger manifests on every plane. If he stayed in the city or rented a car I'll never be able to find him. To access rental agencies by renters' names is a bear."
"All right then, your job, should you choose to accept it - who used to say that?"
"I haven't a clue, "she replied. "Probably somebody on an old black and white TV show that was a hit when you were young - before my parents married."
"Maxwell Smart. Talk to Harold and wring something nearer the truth out of him. See if you can discover why he lied. Also find out how many cars Harkness had and if any of them had ski racks."
"You're wont to depend on Harold for a finite number? Boy, are you trusting."
"Get an approximation then. Anything. It’s more than we have now.”
"Do you want me to get on this right now?" 
"Yup. Out of here lass."
Shard picked up the phone book. He'd forgotten to book a New Year's reservation yesterday and Ellen would kill him if he didn't have one.
He called every club and restaurant within forty mile only to find they’d all been booked since Labor Day. He even tried the Cleveland Inn where Johnsen and his date were going. He was left with only one alternative. He called O'Reilly.
"You’ve got to be kidding me," he said. "We've been booked since July Fourth." 
"Yeah, I know. But I didn't have a date until yesterday and I really need a table, any table, any time, anywhere. I'll never forget this O'Reilly." He knew O'Reilly would make him sweat for his reservation but would come through for him. He did.
“What's the entertainment tonight?" 
"Orin Kolozcki and his Silesian Boys. You'll love them."
"Never heard of them. What do they play?"
"Polkas." 
"Polkas? Oh, God I'm in for it now. Listen O'Reilly, do twleve-year -old girls like to Polka?” 
"Your date is twelve? There are laws against that Lieutenant." 
"Yeah, yeah. For your information she's my date's daughter. I'm not that desperate - yet."
"Well, if her daughter's Polish, she will. If she's Irish, she won't."
"What if she's German?"
"Nah, they never liked the Poles." O'Reilly sounded like he was reciting a high school history lecture.
"I'm dead," Shard said.
"Sorry to hear it Lieutenant, but I've got work to do. See you tonight."
He reached into his desk drawer and took out a ballpoint pen inscribed 'Leyden's Sheriff's Ball'. The Kaiser had given these as table decorations and must have gotten them on the cheap because nobody had ever coaxed a written word out of one. But they were the perfect size. Shard unscrewed the top and slid the Camel out on his desk.
He called Don Owenby about Harkness's will. Shard had known Owenby since the lawyer had been the star quarterback for the Leyden Snow Cats twenty years ago. He had a prosperous practice in town, handled the country club set's business, and was prominent in civic affairs.
"Don, this is Shard. Happy New Year."
"Good morning Tom, I figured I'd hear from you pretty soon. And a Happy New Year to you too. You want to know what's in Harkness's will, right?"
"That's why you're a crack attorney Don. You can read folks' minds even over the telephone. Yeah, I need at least the gist of it.”
“My client wasn’t the most popular guy in town. In fact, damned near everyone I know either hated or avoided him and that included those who shared his genes. I don't envy you Tom, this one's not going to be easy."
"Can you give me at least the outline of what's in his will?"
"It's a strange one. He constantly fiddled with it and added and subtracted people. I always wondered why because he wasn't that old nor was he ill. It's the old folks who come in to revise their bequests, to cut out people they're mad at or add someone who brought their paper to the door on Tuesday. But that's not what you want, right?"
"Right." Shard wondered why personal intercourse on all levels demanded an intricate dance of thrust and parry before either could get to the point. Some rituals, as with Doc, were elaborate and stylized. Lawyers took more time than anyone else, except Catholic priests and women who interested Shard.
"OK, Lieutenant, here's the nuts of the thing. Virtually everything, including his stock in the company, goes into a trust. The trustees are bankers and his broker in New York City. No family members, no close friends. Gloria receives a regular income from the trust. I suppose you've found out about Ms. Newbill?"
"Yes, I have." 
"Harold gets nothing. Gloria gets her house and everything in it, Debra gets hers and everything he's given her. When the two of them hear that part, I'll need the fire department to hose them down. I'm surprised Steve didn't take Gloria out of his will, everyone knew they had separated and nobody expected that they would get back together. I suppose he left her in as a way to continue Harold’s support. Harkness knew that Gloria took care of him."
"What guidelines do the trustees use to give Gloria her money?"
"That's up to the trustees. Steve didn't specify amounts."
"Does Gloria know about this trust?" 
“I didn't tell her, maybe Steve did. I hope she does, because it'll make my job easier."
"When did Harkness create this trust?"
"About the time he and Gloria split up. He knew if he got divorced, she'd take everything, especially since he had a mistress who lots of people knew about. If he died, however, the trust would keep Gloria's paws off the estate. From that angle it makes sense, but it's going to be a bear to manage. I don't envy the trustees. Gloria's going to drive them nuts and they're responsible for running the mill too."
"I know you can't tell me exact numbers, but did the estate have much in the way of liquid assets?" 
“I don't think there's a helluva lot there. Gloria was expensive, very expensive, as were Debra and Harold. Steve was always on something of a financial treadmill, although not many people knew it."
"That's why he gambled?" 
"How'd you know?" 
"It's fairly common knowledge around here. High stakes craps with Charbeneau and his crowd. Right?"
"Right. He's into those guys big time and it’s going to be touchy. Harkness's estate isn't obliged to pay, of course, because the games are illegal, but I can't believe Charbeneau will just eat his losses. What happens if he comes after Harkness’s poor lawyer?"
"I have no idea, but you’ve been a big help, Don. Many thanks."
"I hope I've solved the case for you. Bet you'd like to start the New Year with a clean slate."
Shard knew that wasn't going to happen.
Thursday Morning.
The last thing Periwinkle wanted to do on New Year's Eve was talk to Junior. She was ill at ease alone with him. As she drove past Doc's office she spotted Johnsen and slammed on her brakes. He was just the man she needed. 
"Come on, get in, I'll give you a ride."
He hopped in and Periwinkle drove out to Route 12.
"Where're we going?" Johnsen asked. “I thought we were headed back to the office.”
"I'm going to talk to Junior and thought you'd like to come along."
"You're looking for muscle. And here I thought you appreciated me for my brains and good looks."
"Oh I do, my Norwegian hunk, but this guy is so skuzzy I could use you. Besides, you need to size Junior up. I think the Lieutenant has him near the top of his list. Were you over at Doc's to check out your blind date tonight?"
"Better than that, I met her. She's a knockout. I mean it. And nice to boot. I can't believe she's related to Doc. He was even nice. He didn't even mention my sagas. Think he's setting me up for something?"
"Absolutely. Why else would he trust his favorite niece to your ministrations? If I were a father, I'd worry if you were anywhere near my daughter. Of course, I know you’re better now after your experience with Candyce."
"You guys are never going to let me forget that, are you?"
"Not on your life," Periwinkle said, and gave him a wink. 
"Speaking of which, how're things going with your Donald, or is it Don?"
"I call him Don."
"Is this for real, as the kids say?”
"He's a nice guy and I enjoy him. He's a good conversationalist, he reads and keeps up with current affairs."
"Gee, that's some recommendation. You make him sound dull as dust. Doesn't he have any zip? Doesn't he stir you up? He sounds like a favorite uncle, not a date."
Periwinkle hadn't thought about Don quite like that. She had to admit he didn't punch any of her buttons, but he was still sorta fun to be around, a good guy, a good friend. For the first time she realized that Don wasn't as interesting as Johnsen and Shard. Those two sometimes stirred her emotionally in ways that she didn't fully understand. 
"I didn't mean to make him sound that way and I don't really know him all that well." 
"What does he do for a living?" Johnsen asked.
"He works at Northern Paper as a production engineer. He went to Utica College and came back because his mom's here. Mother knows her and put Don on her refrigerator list."
“Is my name on her list?"
"Not a chance. You're a Lutheran. Neither Don nor I was thrilled with the idea of getting fixed up in the basement of St. Florian’s, but it has to be better than trolling bars looking for half-sloshed pick-ups for one night stands."
"That's a low blow," Johnsen said. "I'll have you know my pick-ups are never half sloshed."
"Right. They're totally snickered. They have to be to play that game."
When Periwinkle played the virtuous untouchable it made her more appealing to Johnsen, sexy even. He had to admit she's one beautiful, levelheaded woman, but tough to charm. His infectious smile and Viking tales usually did the trick, but she seemed immune to all that. He couldn't see that she had the slightest interest in him, despite the intimate dinners they had enjoyed. Maybe, I'm losing my touch, he thought.
Johnsen was spared a defense of his tavern trawling by their arrival at the condos.
“When you meet this guy you'll want to punch his lights out, but please don't. His mommy will sue us."
She rang the doorbell, twice, three times.
Just as she put her finger on it again, Harold opened the door. It was obvious that he'd been asleep.
"Unh?" 
"May we come in?" Periwinkle asked.
"Unh," he grunted and shuffled aside to let them pass.
"I hope we didn't wake you," Periwinkle said. "I'd like to introduce my partner, Sergeant Johnsen."
"Hi," Johnsen said and stuck his hand out.
"Unh," Harold replied as he presented the deadest wet-fish handshake Johnsen had ever grasped.
"Maybe you ought to make yourself some coffee, Harold," Periwinkle said.
He shambled into the kitchen where Johnsen hoped that the percolation noise sent shooting pains through his brain. Harold poured himself a cup but didn't offer them any. 
"What did you do to yourself last night?" Johnsen asked.
"God if I know, but I must have had a good time. I need to go back to bed. My head feels like a coral reef, stuff hanging off my brain everywhere."
"Let me tell you why I'm back," Periwinkle said. "I discovered that you didn't fly back from Nevis the day after you learned your father had been murdered. You came back on December 19th, six days before we think he was killed. You lied to me the other day Harold."
He glanced up from his coffee with a look of surprise in his bloodshot eyes and a small grin crept across the bottom of his face. Periwinkle wondered if he hurt too much to tense any more facial muscles.
"I guess I should of known you'd check.”
"Didn't you fly from St. Kitts to Kennedy on the 19th?" she asked.
"Yeah, I guess so." 
"Why?"
"I got tired of Nevis. Needed someplace different."
"OK, but why lie? That's not the smart thing to do in a murder investigation."
"I suppose, but you don't understand."
"You're right about that," she said
"It was a girl, well a woman really. I met her on Nevis and she's a knockout. Beautiful and great in bed, know what I mean?"
Periwinkle knew what he meant but wasn't going to admit it.
"She had to come home for Christmas and I came with her. But I didn't want mother to know."
"Where is home Harold?"
"Toronto. We caught a flight out of Kennedy and went to Toronto. Boy she's something, I tell you. Best I've ever had."
"Why didn't you want your mother to know?"
Harold's eyes opened almost half way. "Well, she isn't quite white, she’s colored, mulatto, high yaller, whatever you want to call her. But soooo beautiful. Mother wouldn't like that. Can you imagine what her friends in Leyden would say? Her son's dating a nigger. Oh God, she'd love that, wouldn't she?"
"Your mother didn't know you were in Toronto?"
"No."
"Did she know you'd left Nevis?"
"No. The only phone number she has is my cell phone. I can tell her I'm anywhere and she won't know the difference. Done it for years. She wanted me home for Christmas so she wouldn't have to explain my absence to her damned friends. I figured if she thought I was in Nevis, she'd stop the come home for the holidays crap. Too far, bad airplane connections, and all that. Not to mention the sunshine and Rita."
"So why did you come?" Johnsen asked.
“Rita's family wasn't too happy about their little girl dating me either. I was too white, even with this tan. We decided I had to leave. Hated to do it. Did I tell you she was the best woman I ever had?"
“Yes you did," Periwinkle said.
"When did you come home?" Johnsen asked.
"I don't know, before Christmas."
“You were in Leyden when your father was murdered?” Periwinkle asked.
"Yeah, I guess."
"So you lied to me about that too." Periwinkle said.
"I suppose. But I didn't want mother to find out about Rita. God, she's beautiful, tall, leggy, and so well built. Know what I mean?" He looked at Johnsen for understanding. Under penalty of dismemberment Johnsen wouldn’t have twitched a facial muscle. 
"Did you see your father before Christmas?" Periwinkle asked.
"Nah. Mother gave me a chunk of money so I was OK. Didn't need to see him."
"Did you stay here with your mother?"
"Where else could I go?”
"When was the last time you saw your father?" Johnsen asked.
"I don't know, sometime in the fall. I remember he was watching Penn State play Ohio State and didn't want to talk to me. Look up when they played. I left the next day for the islands."
"Where were you on Christmas Eve?" Periwinkle asked.
"Right here. Mother asked me to go to the club but I didn't want to hang around those old farts. I wanted to call Rita.”
"Did you?"
"Yeah, we talked a couple of hours. I'm to meet her in Jamaica right after New Years."
"I'm afraid you won't be able to make that date," Johnsen said. "You have to hang around until we solve your father's murder."
"I know. She took my passport." 
"Did you kill your father?" Periwinkle asked.
"No! Why would I?” 
Oh, I can think of a half a dozen good reasons," Periwinkle said, "everything from hate to greed."
"Just because I despised the bastard doesn't mean I'd kill him. I was getting his money from mother and didn’t have to put up with him. I have the good life. Why would I screw it up?"
"Did your mother kill him? If he divorced her she'd lose face and maybe her money too," Periwinkle said.
Harold grimaced just enough so that both detectives caught it. "Good God No! She isn't stupid. She'd have gotten all the money she wanted from the divorce. And so would I. Check that broad father kept in Olde Towne. If he dumped her she'd be selling it on the street. She had the best reason to kill him."
"I don't follow," Johnsen said.
"If he dumps his squeeze and goes back to mother, the squeeze is squeezed out. Get it? She gets nada, so she kills him. She probably gets to keep her house and stuff and maybe father was stupid enough to write her into his will and told her. She kills him and lives as good as I do. Isn't that a joke?" 
"Did you ever meet Debra?" Johnsen asked.
"Yeah. I'll say one thing, father could make it with some pretty good looking broads.”
"She's much older than you," Periwinkle said.
"What difference does that make? Boy does she give off the vibes. I mean, she begs for action.” He looked to Johnsen for support.
"Are you telling us that she came on to you?" he asked.
"More than that buddy. She's good too." Harold puffed up as he said it.
"Are you telling us that you had sex with your father's mistress?" Periwinkle thought this was close to incest of some kind.
"Sure. She wanted it. Was I supposed to say no? Come on Sergeant. You understand that stuff." Harold taunted her with his first smile of the morning.
Periwinkle tugged at the sleeves of her sweater to keep from slapping the twit. 
"Was your mother home Christmas Eve?" she asked.
"I told you, she went to that stupid country club party.” 
"What time did she come home?"
"How the hell would I know? I was in my room on the phone to Rita. I didn't pay any attention."
"When did you finish talking to Rita?"
"I don't know. I didn't know it was important."
"Was Mrs. Harkness home when you hung up?"
"I don't know. How many times do I have to tell you that?" 
"How many cars did your father own," Johnsen asked.
"What?" Harold seemed confused by the sudden change in direction.
"How many cars?" Johnsen repeated.
"Oh hell, I don't know. Mother keeps one for me to drive when I'm home, but it's always a shitwagon. Never gets me a Porsche or a convertible. Last fall I had to drive a four-door. God was that embarrassing. This time it's a Ford or something, silver, a terrible winter color."
"So you don't know how many cars your father had?"
"No. The garage was always full, that's all I cared about. I could drive away from him."
"Did any of his cars have ski racks on them?" Johnsen asked.
“Some did. Mother and I like to ski. She likes the slopes and I like the bunnies. Some good looking stuff out there and they all want to get warm at night. Know what I mean?" He shot a knowing smirk at Johnsen who remained impassive.
"Your father didn't ski?" Periwinkle asked.
"Nah, he didn't play any sports. Never even played catch with me when I was a kid. He played golf once in a while but never took me. Did business on the course. That's why he didn't like me, I don't give a damn about the paper business. Never did."
"Do you care that your father's dead?" Johnsen asked.
Harold thought about that as he drained the last of his coffee. "It doesn't make any difference to me. Mother says that now I'll have more money because we own the company and she'll make more out of it than he did. She promises that I won't have to do anything, just love her. Ha, I like that."
Johnsen had never heard anything that cold-hearted, not even in the sagas. Periwinkle gave him the faintest smile as if to say 'see? I told you.'
She ended the interview with a warning that they would be back, probably sooner than later.
"I'm going back to bed. You guys know where the door is," he said as he padded up the stairs.
"Didn't I tell you he's creepy?" Periwinkle asked.
"You didn't say he was that creepy. The weirdest thing is that he says all that stuff without malice, as if it's the most natural thing in the world. So my father is dead, I still get his money. Bet he complains he doesn't get enough of it either. Says he always has a car to drive and then bitches it's not the one he wants. Notice though, he didn't complain about Debra, not once and that bothers me." 
"Why?"
"I can't picture her getting it on with that piece of crud. I have trouble even believing she’s a mistress. She seems caring. I think that she fell in love with Harkness and the only way she could keep him was to be his number two. Sadly, she was willing to do that." 
Periwinkle said nothing.
"I suppose there are women who are normal on the outside, sexually I mean, but harbor volcanic passions they can't control. Occasionally, I suppose, they erupt and engage in tawdry activities that they’d never do otherwise such as having sex with that creep. What do you think?"
Periwinkle wondered if Johnsen referred to her. She often gave the impression that she was a cold fish even though she was anything but. She liked sex, but preferred to mask her urges. It was as important to her to like a man as well as love him. Her problem was that it took time to find out if she really liked a guy, whereas her emotions were more sporadic, especially with Shard and Johnsen. They were both good catches but she was cautious with them. They’d make great looking children though and she’d like to have one before it was too late, but she had to work with them. If she signaled an interest in either it would disrupt their comfortable professional relationships. She concluded it was all a muddle and decided to assume that Johnsen's question was not aimed at her. 
"I don't know, I suppose it's possible." 
"You think he killed him?" she asked.
Johnsen considered a moment. "I think he could kill both his parents without a qualm, as long as the checks kept coming." 
"You think he would have done it if his mother asked him to?" 
"I don't know. Maybe if she prefaced it with 'do you want more money? Or something like that. But I don't see him as a killer. He's too lazy and self-centered. And an ice pick is such a personal weapon. Would he have gotten that close to his father? Would his father have let him? Do you think that the Harknesses ever hugged? Can you imagine those people touching one another? I'm rambling. Sorry."
"No, those are all good points we should make to Shard. We'll have to get him out there to meet that bit of excretion. He won’t believe our descriptions."
"I certainly didn't," Johnsen said.

CHAPTER 5
Celebrations and Shootings
Thursday Morning
After Shard hung up on Owenby he wasn't sure whether the lawyer had narrowed his list of suspects or complicated it. They all had financial reasons to kill Harkness. What stuck in his mind, however, was Owenby's question about Harkness's gambling debts. Charbeneau was the one suspect Shard hadn't interviewed. He decided to take a walk to think.
The glare from the snow hurt his eyes. He remembered that the Inuit used slotted goggles to keep from going snow blind on their treks and wished he had a pair of them right now. He strolled down Tilden towards the Blue Food Store breathing the crisp, cold air into his lungs and reveling in the rare sunshine. He stopped at Humphrey's Hardware Store and waved to Jack Humphrey behind the counter. Jack's grandfather had founded the store and Shard didn't think anything had changed since. The place's oiled, hardwood floors still sagged towards the middle of the building and its pressed tin ceiling was dotted with old fans that blew the dust over everything. Jack still perforated his receipts over the nail his grandfather had driven into the counter.
"I need another bolt Jack," Shard said as he walked to the back of the store.
"Kinda figured so. Do you remember the size this time?" 
Shard frowned. The last time he had forgotten. He walked over to the wall of little wooden bolt drawers, all neatly labeled by Jack's grandfather a hundred years ago, and opened the one that read 5/8ths by 2 and took out a Camel. As he walked past Jack he said, "5/8ths by 2. I got it this time."
Back on the street he revisited his ruminations about Harkness's gambling debts. He nodded at passing folk, knocked on Patty Batdorf's window and was rewarded with a vigorous wave, and stopped in front of Ed Armer's liquors to drool over his single malt display. He had nothing Shard hadn't tried, so he meandered further up the street to George Witry's law office door.
The legal weasel owed him a favor because only six or seven weeks earlier Shard had saved him from physical harm. Witry had kept Charbeneau out of the Kaiser's jail for years and Shard decided he was the man to set up a meeting.
Witry's office was on the second floor. The stairway was a disgusting grayish-green, a perfect introduction to a shady lawyer, Shard thought. He knocked on Witry's door. 
"Yeah? Come on in." the lawyer yelled in his best imitation of a professional voice.
Shard could see the little weasel seated behind his desk. Shard didn't like him and believed he lived on the scraps that fell off better lawyers' tables. Worst of all, he couldn't stand the lawyer's attitude. 
He looked up when Shard walked in.
"Oh," he said, as if a stink suddenly permeated his office.
"Good to see you too Witry." 
"I suppose you're here to collect for your services last month, huh?" 
"Not really, my friend. I had a minute and stopped to make sure you were still hale and hearty. Haven't had any trouble with out-of-towners I take it?" 
"You'll be the first to know if I do. They kill me and it's your responsibility."
"Actually, I'm here to do you a favor."
"I bet." 
"You've read about Stephen Harkness's murder, right?"
"Yah, but what's that have to do with me?" 
"Well, rumors have it he was heavily into your favorite client, Alfred Charbeneau. Someone expressed the thought that the amount was so large that Charbeneau might have wished Mr. Harkness some harm if he didn't pay up. It also came to my attention that your Mr. Charbeneau keeps a couple of muscle-bound types on his payroll to oversee his collections." 
“I don't know what Mr. Charbeneau does for recreation. He may enjoy a card game once in a while, but that's his business. If Harkness was stupid enough to wager lots of dough and Mr. Charbeneau won, what's that to us?"
"Oh come on Witry. You aren't that stupid. Everyone in the county knows that Charbeneau runs a floating crap game, several of them in fact. At least one is for high stakes players, the one I hear Harkness favored."
"That's bullshit and you know it! Mr. Charbeneau is a respected businessman. He runs his service station and pays his city taxes in cash and on time. His family has been here for generations, and please note that not one of them, not a single one, has ever run afoul of the law. They are good people."
Shard was tempted to laugh, but thought better of it. "Yeah, I've heard that he sometimes holds his crap games in his grease bays. Stand outside and count the customers who trade at his station. Zero. Everyone knows it's a front. I wouldn't take my car there if it were the only repair shop in the county. Charbeneau knows less about automobiles than you do. And whoever heard of that brand of gas he sells? 'Pete's Powerblast?' Come on!"
"Mr. Charbeneau mentioned to me several times that he's glad you don't bring that pile of foreign crap you drive into his station. He thinks it would drive his customers away. You're doing him a favor."
"Good, then he owes me one in return," Shard said. "I've never had the pleasure of talking to your client and I'd like to meet with him to discuss general economic conditions in Leyden and their connection to crime rates with a special emphasis on Harkness’s murder. And," Shard added to forestall Witry's expected response, "I'd appreciate it if you'd set up such a meeting. And by all means sit in on it. Your cheerful demeanor will only make it more pleasurable. I'd like to see him after the New Year's Day bowl games. I also want to put two dollars on USC by twenty-one. OK?" Shard took two ones from his billfold and plunked them down on Witry's desk.
"You're a jackass, you know that Lieutenant? Charbeneau won't tell you a thing because he hasn't anything to say. Besides, I'll advise him to mention nothing, not even the USC game. So, why waste your time?"
"I like to get a feel for my suspects. That's how I saved your miserable hide last month. I knew my prey. So if you'd set up a meeting, I'd appreciate it. Everyone knows that you're always ready to help the law." Shard took out one of his cards and put it on Witry's desk next to his two dollars. "Give me a ring when you've set it up. I look forward to a chat with you guys."
Outside he saw Dizzy wandering along the street. Shard went over and scratched his ears; he immediately dropped to his haunches in anticipation of a full day's rub.
"Come on Dizzy, how about a donut?" Shard asked, thinking how much more pleasurable it was to talk to the dog than to Witry. Dizzy stood and wagged his tail so hard his whole rear end swayed. Donut was a word he understood.
They walked down to Patel's deli where Shard ordered a sandwich, coffee, and three donuts. Dizzy trailed him to a table for two and laid down under it content to wait for his donuts.
Periwinkle and Johnsen arrived before Shard's order and pulled up a third chair. Dizzy eyed their ankles, but didn't move.
"Where’ve you been Johnsen? Getting cleaned up for your blind date?" 
"Funny, Boss. Yes, I stopped by Doc's to meet her. She's stunning. Did I ever win. She looks nothing like Doc."
"That is a relief," Shard said.
"Then Periwinkle picked me up and we went out to talk to Junior. He's so bad words don't do him justice, you have to meet him." 
Between mouthfuls and feeding Dizzy, they relayed their conversation with Harold. 
When finished Shard asked, "do you think Junior and Debra might have acted together to kill Harkness? They both get money from the will. Did she know she was in it? But even if she didn’t, Junior may have promised to keep her on the family payroll. That's a real possibility if you think about it. Especially if they were sharing intimacies."
"I can't see Debra sleeping with that jerk, Boss," Johnsen said. "She doesn't strike me as a killer either."
"But there was a great deal at stake for her in her relationships with both of them." 
"I still don't see it. I think she genuinely loved Harkness." 
"You may be right. I'll have to talk to her, maybe take Periwinkle along for a woman's perspective." 
"You guys think I know anything about being a mistress? Women don't always understand other women. Some I can't fathom at all."
"If you can't understand them," Johnsen said, "how do you expect us to have a clue?"
"I'm glad you don't," Periwinkle said with a knowing smile.
"At least in Viking times women were more transparent. In Njal's Saga, for instance, beggar women appear several times to report on what's going on in the neighborhood. Everyone knew they wanted to stir up trouble to get paid for their malicious stories. And it always worked." 
"Thanks for that tidbit Norseman," Periwinkle said. "Does that mean that beggar women are the only truthful ones? And they're truthful only to earn money by fomenting feuds and violence?"
Before Johnsen could whack Periwinkle with a rhetorical battle-ax, Shard said, "OK, guys, while you were out prowling around with lanterns looking for truthful women, I've hustled up some useful information." He told them about Harkness's will and his attempt to meet with Charbeneau.
"So Debra made out OK in the will?" Periwinkle said, "that's a surprise, isn't it? How many guys leave their mistresses money in their will when they know their wives and families are going to hear it read? That proves they knew about Debra or he wouldn't have dared to write her in. Don't you think?"
"Makes sense to me unless he wanted to floor them with the news and wished he could be there to witness their shock and histrionics," Shard said.
"Makes your point about the possibility of Junior and Debra acting together.” Johnsen said. “But remember it's still predicated on whether Harkness told Debra their affair was over. If he didn't tell her, why kill him? If he died she'd lose everything. She couldn't have taken Junior seriously. We need to know if Harkness told her," Johnsen concluded.
Shard slipped Dizzy the last donut and asked, "any ideas how we do that?"
Silence. 
"You guys never have any. Why does the Kaiser keep you on the payroll?" 
"He told me once we are supposed to keep an eye on you," Johnsen said.
"Hhrrrumpff," Shard replied in his best Major Hoople impersonation. He had to admit though that the kid was getting better.
Periwinkle, who wouldn't have known the Major if he sat down at their table with his spats and top hat on, said "the only person who knows the answer to that is Debra. Would she tell us if he threatened to leave her? I doubt it, especially in light of the will."
"She told me that he hadn't dumped her. In fact they planned to get married after Harkness's divorce," Johnsen reminded them.
"He was the marrying kind," Shard said. "He had a wife before Gloria. Debra would have been his third. Not a great record," Shard said ignoring that Johnsen was divorced.
"OK guys, it's almost two and we've been off the clock since noon. You're free for a day and a half. At the end of your revels I expect you in my office to explain this case, right down to what the killer wore. Got it?"
"Sure, Boss," Johnsen said.
"Where did you get reservations for tonight?" The twinkle in Periwinkle’s eyes signaled that she was sure he had forgotten to make any.
"You were both wrong. I had no problem getting a first-rate reservation. In fact, I think I could have waited until right now and gotten one." 
"And where would that be?" she asked.
"I have a table at the finest restaurant in Leyden. The one that offers five-star live entertainment with dancing 'til dawn. Can't beat that, can you?" 
"I got it!" Johnsen said, his face wreathed in a smile. "You called O'Reilly, got down on your knees and begged, and he agreed to seat you guys under the moose head. Right?"
"Almost."
They roared. 
"And the five star entertainment?" Periwinkle asked.
"I've wanted to see these guys for years. Orin Kolozcki and the Silesian Boys."
"The who?" 
Shard repeated it and wondered if he had it right. 
"Sounds like a Polka band to me," Johnsen said. "Do you Polka?"
`"I haven't in a few years." 
"Yeah, I'll bet more like forty." 
"What about Alice?" Periwinkle asked.
Thursday Night, New Year's Eve
Shard answering machine was blinking when he got back to his office. Ellen and Alice were in town and on their way to visit Ellen’s mother at Sunset Nursing home. They'd be back before six.
Shard told her answering machine that he had reservations for seven and suggested they wear their ‘party frocks.' Shard couldn't pick a party frock out of a line-up of two dresses, but he figured Ellen would know exactly what it was and what to wear with it, down to the perfect shoes.  Besides, she would think that she was going someplace upscale - at least for a few more hours. 
Shard decided not to wear his only suit. It had been in mothballs so long it reeked. He considered hanging it outside for a few hours to blow the noxious fumes out of it, but thought better of it. It wouldn't warm up until midnight. His silk and wool herringbone sport coat with a tie and a clean pair of ironed khakis was perfect for Schuylers. 
Shard arrived at Ellen's in his unmarked car because his Morgan, even if it started, could only seat two. Ellen was a delight in her black cocktail dress, at least that's what he figured it must be with those tiny straps over her shoulders. It set off her dark eyes, lush black hair, and almost parchment-white skin.
"You look absolutely stunning," he said. In the back of his mind he thought, 'too good for Schuylers.”
Alice was quite fetching too, Shard thought. A tall, skinny girl, only a few inches short of six feet, she wore a navy blue skirt and sweater outfit that highlighted her honey-blonde hair that she must have inherited from her father.
"You guys are going to be the hit of the ball," Shard said. "I look like an eggplant between two sunflowers."
"Oh no," Ellen said. "For a cop you look pretty good."
As he drove back towards headquarters, Alice said, "OK, end our suspense. Where are we going?"
"I have already told you, to the best place in town, where Leyden's elite meet to eat."
Ellen said nothing as Shard turned off Lansing Street into the headquarters' parking lot.
"We're going to the police station?" Alice asked.
"Nope. It's just a good place to park. Nobody will steal my car here."
"Who'd steal a car with a shotgun attached to the dashboard?" Alice asked. "I've never had a date with an armed man before."
"Schuylers," Ellen said.
"Yup, best venue in town. You'll love it."
They walked to Schuylers in silence and before they got to the door, O'Reilly, wearing a boiled shirt, cummerbund, and bow tie threw it open.
"Good evening Lieutenant and welcome to Schuylers."
Shard didn’t attempt to hide his shock
"Thank you Mr. O'Reilly."
He took their coats and said, "follow me please." O'Reilly had even parked his usual slouch for the night. He walked as stiffly as a septuagenarian butler.
Shard expected him to take them to the dining room, but instead he led them towards the bar. This does not look good, Shard thought. His dates were quiet.
Inside, however, Shard saw that all the tables except those against the walls had been removed to make room to dance. Shard’s favorite table under the moose head sported a starched, ironed tablecloth and was set with Schuylers' best tableware. It even featured a fresh clutch of flowers between the candles.
"Your favorite table, sir," O’Reilly said with a flourish.
"Why thank you, garcon." 
Alice stared at the moose head and was exactly tall enough to look directly into its flared nostrils. Shard had no idea how a twelves-year-old would react to moose nostrils, especially on New Year's Eve.
"Cool," She said.
"Pretty swanky, huh?" Shard said as he sat down. "Never seen my table look better."
"This is very nice," Ellen observed with a tad less enthusiasm than Shard would have hoped.
Over against the misspelled 'celler' door, the band was setting up. Alice asked, "who are these guys? I've never heard of them."
"Very popular hereabouts," Shard said. After all he'd known about them for all of twenty-four hours. "They come highly recommended."
"That's a funny name, Orin Kolozcki," Alice said, but didn’t follow up on it.
"I like this," Ellen said. "Very quaint. It’ll be fun."
Shard relaxed. "I didn't make reservations until yesterday, and O'Reilly did me a favor by working me in. Even my favorite table. I hoped you wouldn't mind."
"What's on the menu?" Alice asked.
"There isn't one tonight. Dinner is special, everyone eats the same things."
"What are they?"
Shard wondered if Alice ever ate. If she did, he couldn't see where it went."
"Tonight it's Mrs. Olndowski's special entree, hasenpfeffer." He looked warily into her eyes.
"What's that?" she asked.
Before Shard could reply, Ellen said, "it's an old German dish that's very tasty. Something like stew. You’ll like it.”
Shard noted that Ellen didn't mention rabbits or the Easter bunny. Very wise. He had a lot to learn about kids.
O'Reilly appeared with a glass of amber liquid with one ice cube and centered it in front of Shard. "I think you'll like this sir," he said, "a new single malt. Just in. It's on the house, compliments of Mrs. O. And what will you have ma'am?" he asked Ellen. Shard introduced his dates to O'Reilly who looked them over saving, Shard hoped, his acerbic comments for another day.
Their four course meals proceeded apace. Alice ate every smidgen of her hasenpfeffer and declared it "tasty." She was anything but a surly kid. She held her own in their conversations and Shard noticed that Ellen glowed with pride.
When the dishes were cleared, O'Reilly appeared with two grasshoppers and declared that he had made them "only for my favorite customers." He also slipped Shard a Camel and whispered that he would appreciate it if he smoked it outside. 
When Ellen announced that she and Alice needed to repair to the powder room, Shard took the opportunity to slip out.
While they were away Kolozcki and his Silesian sidekicks opened with their first polka. Thankfully, Shard thought, they didn't have electronic amplifiers. He couldn’t imagine what an electronically enhanced accordion would sound like.
"That's a polka?" Alice asked as couples came in from the dining room and started to dance.
She watched the growing crowd of dancers through several numbers and announced, "I can do that." Barely were the words out of her mouth when Henry Lovern asked her to dance. Alice looked up half horrified at the much older man and then over at her mother. 
Henry saw her reaction. "I should have introduced myself, I'm Henry Lovern, Leyden's leading pharmacist, only one. My wife's just had a knee operation and I love to polka. I thought maybe you'd like to too. The Lieutenant is a cow on the dance floor and I hated to see you stuck with him all evening."
"I've never danced the polka," Alice said.
"I can teach you in two minutes. Even Poles can do it." He laughed.
Shard watched Ellen's eyes as she appraised this threat to her daughter. She looked like a mother bear whose cub was in danger, but she held her counsel. Shard realized that she was waiting for his approval.
"Go ahead, Alice," he said, "Henry gives all his dancing partners free balm for the bruises he inflicts out on the floor."
Alice walked away and Shard explained, "he's a good guy, been married for ages and luckily he's taller than Alice. They look good out there."
Alice picked up the polka in less than a minute and asked Henry to dance another. Two boys on their way to the men's room in the bar, the older boy spotted Alice and he whole night changed. They kept her out on the floor until after midnight. 
Ellen and Shard tried to polka, which proved that Ellen could dance and Shard was a cow on the floor, but they decided to keep at it up until he learned. Alice skipped past laughing at them. They were still on the floor at midnight when Leyden's church bells pealed in the New Year and everybody kissed. Shard and Ellen held theirs a little longer than was ceremonially traditional and gave each other a warm hug. Ellen kept an eagle eye on her daughter who kissed everyone on the dance floor, including all the band members. She explained to Shard they were all just 'pecks.'
At one o'clock Shard drove his dates home. Alice sat in the back seat bubbling about what a great time she had and compared the dancing abilities of a half a dozen partners. "I love to polka," she told them. "I'm going to teach it to my friends back home."
In Ellen's driveway Alice bounded out of the car, yelled "thanks" and disappeared into the house as if on some secret signal from her mother.
"Why don't you come in for a cup of coffee or maybe another drink? Alice will go to bed soon." 
"Love to." Shard reached into the glove compartment and took out the fake leather owner’s manual, unzipped it, and took out a Camel. "I'll be in in a minute." 
"That's pretty clever." 
"A man has to be prepared," Shard said with a foolish grin on his face.
Alice went straight to bed and after a decent interval he and Ellen tiptoed up the carpeted stairs.
Thursday Night, New Year's Eve
Johnsen spent an hour getting ready for his date; he hadn't been this fastidious since his Junior prom. His best suit was clean and pressed and his shoes were shinier than a boot-camp marine's. He thought this might be the woman. No Norse sagas tonight, I'll be on my best behavior. 
He’d agreed to pick her up at Doc's office because Doc lived down by the Black River in the middle of nowhere and Johnsen wasn't sure he could find it in the dark. When he pulled up he noticed that Doc's battered pickup was parked beside the building. 
Sherry let him in and even under Doc's harsh fluorescent lights she looked beautiful. Moreover, at five eleven in her heels, she was only six inches shorter than him. Her reddish curly hair flowed carelessly over her shoulders and down the back of her green sweater. He noticed that she didn't have a redhead's usual freckled, orangey skin. Johnsen guessed that with her complexion she could pass muster as a Norwegian. His grandfather would have approved - Johnsen certainly did.
"Good evening Doctor Fox." Doc sat behind his desk with his feet up, cigar butt tucked into the left side of his mouth, checkerboard with a half-finished game on it in front of him.
"Sherry's not bad. A couple more years playing me every day and she'll be decent. Do you want to finish her game son?"
"No sir, we have to go. Our reservation is for seven."
"Where are you going?" 
"The Cleveland Inn, sir." 
"I hear it's a wonderful place. Good food, folks tell me."
Doc followed his assertion with what Johnsen would always remember as an authentic pregnant pause.
"Can I come too?" 
He thought that he hadn't heard Doc correctly. But then he saw that Sherry and Doc were looking at him expectantly.
"Of course, sir. We'd love to have you," Johnsen choked out.
"OK," Doc thundered. "You talked me into it. Let me get my coat."
"You don't mind, do you?" Sherry whispered to Johnsen when Doc was in the back. "He'll be fun."
"It'll be nice," Johnsen said. He was sure that Shard and Periwinkle would laugh him out of the office when they heard about this.  Doc came back shoving his arm through his liver-brown, splotchy-haired, favorite sport coat. "I'll tell you lovebirds what. Since you invited me, I'll drive."
Johnsen blanched. He'd just had his Mustang convertible detailed at the local car wash. He'd spent thirty hard-earned dollars on it.
Doc's truck had no interior light but Johnsen didn't need one to see the junk inside.
"Just throw that stuff in the back and put a cement block over it, will you Johnsen? I'll clean it out in the spring."
When Sherry slid across the seat she shrieked, yelling that she'd never sat on anything so cold. Johnsen concurred. Doc's seat was covered with what looked like an imitation of imitation plastic leather. It was harder than a dried codfish and colder than an Inuit's arse. Doc didn't seem to notice as he ground the starter without result. Johnsen's hopes flared.
"Just have to let her turn over a while," Doc said as he slammed the accelerator to the floor over and over. "The carb's been giving me trouble for the last couple of years," he said just as the engine caught on one or two cylinders and shook the whole truck. It reminded Johnsen of a dog drying itself off. Its shudders began in the front and engulfed everything before the engine smoothed out.
"Nice," Doc beamed.
At almost the same moment, Periwinkle put the finishing touches on her outfit and make-up. Don sat in her living room where he had spent fifteen minutes nursing a couple of fingers of bourbon. She couldn't get it all just right. She'd changed shoes twice, bracelets four times, necklace once, and now she was sure her eyebrows didn't match and her mascara was too, too something. Most days she wore no make-up at all and she was a little out of practice. Tonight she wanted to look special. Don had promised to take her somewhere posh and she felt pressured to ramp everything up. She took one last, long look at herself and said 'the hell with it and went out to declare herself 'finished.'
"You look good and I love that long skirt," was all he said. She thought she looked a tad better than that. 
As they rode out the Albany Post Road she asked, "now you can tell me where we are going?"
"I wanted to surprise you," he said. "I made reservations at the Cleveland Inn. I've been told they have the best food in town. Sound good?"
Periwinkle half gasped. Johnsen will be there. 
"Sounds nice," she allowed.
The inn’s hostess, draped in a slinky, long black gown that accentuated all of her notable physical attributes, escorted them through the crowded dining room to an enclosed porch where Periwinkle's heart missed a beat when she saw that the only empty table was next to Johnsen, his very pretty date, and Doc Fox with his dead cigar butt. It took all she had to stifle a laugh. Johnsen would never live this down, a date with Doc on New Year's Eve. The look on his face revealed he knew what she was thinking.
Doc insisted they pull the two tables together so they could talk. 
Periwinkle later admitted that the evening was fun, once she and the Viking got over their shock and embarrassment. The food was excellent and she discovered that Doc, sans cigar on the dance floor, was a wonderful dancer, better than Don, who wasn't all that bad. Johnsen, however, was the best of all. The night flew by and all too soon they were exchanging the mandatory kisses. She kissed Don with a warm, fun smooch. Even Doc's wasn't bad, but she enjoyed Johnsen's more than she cared to admit. He gave her a tight hug and whispered, "I hope you have a wonderful New Year Periwinkle" as if he meant it. She replied quietly, "you too, Norseman."
Friday, New Year's Day
Shard arrived home before dawn. Neither he nor Ellen wanted Alice to come down to breakfast and find him there.
He slipped into his cold bed and promptly fell asleep. In what seemed like only a moment, his phone jarred him awake. He lay there barely conscious and hoped it would go away, maybe to Belgium. It didn't. He reached a hand from under the warm covers and picked up the ice-cold phone.
"Lieutenant Shard." 
"Neil Hahn sir. I want to wish you a Happy New Year."
"Whaaat? It's the middle of the night Hahn, I'm going to kill you when I find you."
"I'm at headquarters, sir."
"What the hell are you doing at work this morning? Don't you ever stay home?" 
"I'm trying to earn a living sir. I have seven kids to support, you remember."
"I thought you had five." 
"You haven't asked me in a while sir, we've had two more."
"You called to tell me you had twins this morning?" 
"Oh, I don't have any twins, sir. They come one at a time at my house." Hahn took everything seriously.
"Hahn, did you call just to tell me this? Because if you did, you are mincemeat."
"No, sir. I called to tell you that someone shot Mrs. Harkness last night."
Shard shot bolt upright in bed.
"What? When?" 
"Sometime during the night, sir." 
"Is she dead?" Shard shouted into the phone.
"I don't think so, sir. The ambulance took her to Leyden General. Wouldn't they have just left her on the floor and waited for Doctor Fox if she was dead?" 
"I suppose so." Shard tried to shake the cobwebs out of his head.
"Who's at her house now?" Shard asked.
"Joe Duffy, sir."
Shard groaned. Duffy wasn't the most succulent oyster on Leyden's beach, nice enough, but not the uniform Shard would have chosen for the task.
"Tell Duffy not to touch anything. I'll be right out. Call Periwinkle and get her over to the hospital to check on Mrs. Harkness. Got that? Was Mrs. Harkness at the family home when she was shot?"
"Yes, sir."
"OK, get on it. Seven kids Hahn? Another on the way?"
"Yes sir, it keeps me hustling."
"Right."
Shard rolled his beaten body out of bed and threw on a pair of jeans and an Indiana University sweatshirt he'd picked up at a church sale. He stuffed a banana in his pocket and on the way out the back door rummaged in his mother's old fabric clothespin bag for a Camel. 
Duffy's patrol car was parked next to the front door and from its exhaust smoke Shard figured he must be sitting in it to keep warm.
Shard found Duffy sound asleep. When he rapped on the window Duffy sat up as if he'd been zapped with 660 volts. 
"Hello, sir. I was napping."
"I see that, Duffy. What's happened here?"
"Mrs. Harkness called 911 this morning and told Neil that someone shot at her. Neil radioed me and I got here as fast as I could. It was real quiet. The front door was locked. I rang the doorbell and shouted, but nobody came. Then I did what I was supposed to, I pulled my gun and walked around the outside. It was still dark so I couldn't see much. In the back I found a picture window shot out. I could just make out a body on the floor. I ran back to my car and called an ambulance. Then I broke the rest of the glass and climbed in."
"Was she still alive?" 
"Yes, but she had blood all over her, sir. She was a mess. Still in her nightgown. I told her to stay still and got a kitchen towel and wiped the blood out of her eyes. Then I went and unlocked the front door and turned on the outside light."
"Did you see anyone, anywhere?"
"No, only Mrs. Harkness and the ambulance when it arrived."
"Did you hear anything after you broke into the house?"
"Only Mrs. Harkness when I tried to move her. She screamed some not very nice things at me. Said to take my filthy hands off her.”
"She must have been in shock and didn't know what she was saying," Shard said. "Let's walk around back and try to stay in your boot prints. OK?"
Shard noticed that the only light in the front came from the outside lights Duffy said he’d turned on. Behind the house lights blazed in the living room where he'd interviewed Gloria, the kitchen, and a side room. The upstairs was dark.
"Were any lights on when you got here?" 
"I didn't see any, sir. It was darker than the inside of a cow. I could barely see Mrs. Harkness even after I stuck my head through the broken window."
"So, there weren't any lights on in the room where she was lying?"
"No, sir."
"OK." Shard looked through the window and could see bloodstains on the carpet, but everything else looked much as it had when he was here last. He turned around and looked out over the vast expanse of backyard for the intruder’s telltale footprints. It was undisturbed, however, which meant the guy must have shot from way back at the tree line. If so, how could he see his target? He must be an expert marksman to nail her from that distance. It was a long shot in the literal sense of the term.
Shard climbed through the window just as the telephone rang.
"Who'd call her at this hour?" Shard asked.
He took his handkerchief and lifted the receiver.
"Lieutenant Shard." 
"Hi Lieutenant. This is Neil again. I just got a call from Debra Newbill and she says someone is shooting at her house and they shot out some windows. I told her to stay on the floor until we can get a car over there. But only you and Duffy are on duty this morning.”
"Has she been hit?" 
"I don't think so. But she sure is scared."
"OK, we'll get over there as soon as we can. Call some guys in and send them to secure this place. We also need Ian Kennedy in here to dust for prints and sift the lint. Tell him to look for bullets. I need to know how many and how big. Is Mrs. Harkness still alive?"
"I haven't heard." 
"Has Periwinkle gotten to the hospital yet?"
"I don't know that either sir. I'll call over there as soon as I can."
"Also call Johnsen and tell him to get out to the Newbill house. Tell him to bring his gun, you hear?"
"Yes sir."
"I'm on my way over there Neil." 
Debra's house was on the other side of town but there was no traffic. Helluva a way to start the new year, Shard thought as he roared through Leyden at well over the posted speed limits.
As he turned into Olde Towne his car phone rang.
"Yeah, Neil."
"Sergeant Johnsen doesn't answer his phone sir. I let it ring a dozen times just to make sure he'd hear it if he was hung over, but nothing. Do you know where he is?"
Shard's suspicions centered on his date's house, but she was staying with Doc. He doubted Doc would let Johnsen spend the night with her under his roof. She and Johnsen must be somewhere else, but he had no idea where.
"Keep calling his place Neil. He has to come home sometime." Shard could see that Debra's house was pitch dark.
He took his shotgun and approached the front door warily, keeping an eye on the snow-covered bushes across the front of the house for any movement. He saw nothing.
He rang the doorbell and yelled, "Lieutenant Shard, sheriff's department" loud enough to scare anyone around. He heard a strange scuffling noise inside coming towards the door. Then a moan as if someone had exhaled a huge breath. The dead bolt jiggled and he was sorely tempted to point his shotgun at the door, but he didn't want to scare Debra to death if she were on the other side.
The door opened slowly and Shard looked down an empty hall before he noticed Debra was at his feet and was naked from her waist down. His first inclination was to appreciate that she was a very well sculpted woman, but then he realized her show wasn't for him. She had scuttled along the floor on her bottom and didn't realize that he gown had bunched up. Nothing in any police manual he'd ever seen explained how to explain to deal with a good-looking woman exposing herself to the law. He took the most indirect and least embarrassing tack.
"Ms. Newbill," he said, as if she'd come to the door in an overcoat, "I think it'll be OK for you to stand up now. Nobody's going to shoot at you while I am here." He heard Duffy pull into the driveway.
He took her hand to help her up. Ever so slowly, her nightgown slipped down a few inches to the top of her hips where it hung. Suddenly she felt the cold air on her exposed parts.
"Oh my God," she said, and in a whirl of hand and arm motion she tugged her nightgown down her thighs.
"I'm so sorry," she said with a horrified look. 
"We came as soon as we got your call. I take it you haven't been hit."
"No, but somebody shot out a bunch of my windows in the back. I was in bed upstairs when I heard the first shots. I was so scared I didn't move. I could hear the windows breaking downstairs. I called 911 and the man at the sheriff's department told me to get on the floor. I did and pushed myself under the bed."
"How many shots were fired?" 
"I don't know. Maybe five or six, I didn't count them. I've never been shot at. I've never even fired a gun. I don't like them," she said with a glance at Shard's sawed-off shotgun.
"I agree with you, Ms. Newbill. I don't like them either but they come in handy once in a while in my business. How long since the last shot was fired?"
"Maybe twenty minutes or so.”
"Come on, we'll take a look at the damage. Don't turn on any lights though, we don't want to become better targets."
Someone had shot out her back windows and had done a particularly fine job on the sliding glass doors out to her deck.
"You have any idea of who would want to kill you?" 
She ran her fingers through her blonde hair and shook her head rapidly from side to side. As if on cue, when she stopped shaking, her hair settled into what Shard thought looked like a perfect hairdo. Is that all there is to it? Shard asked himself. The why do women complain about their hair all the time? 
"No." 
Shard was a little surprised. She is, after all, in Harkness's will and some family members must resent that, if they know about it.
"You don't think that Mr. Harkness's wife might want to kill you? Or his son?"
"I don't see why they would."
"Do you know if Mr. Harkness left you anything in his will?"
"No, but I've been notified it's to be read tomorrow. I suppose that means he must have at least mentioned me.”
The telephone rang. Shard looked around but couldn't find it.
"Should I get it?" she asked.
"Please." She turned on the floor lamp near the bookcase and reached for the phone. The light shone through her nightgown as if it weren't there. Harkness had good taste in women, he had to hand him that. I have to get out of here or at least stop looking at her, Shard told himself. 
"It's for you Lieutenant," she said as she mercifully sidled away from the light.
"Shard here."
"It's Neil again sir."
“I'm tired of hearing from you this morning, Neil. All you have is rotten news. What now?"
"We just got a call from Harold Harkness. He's frantic, it seems like - "
"Don't tell me, someone's shooting at him, right?"
"How'd you know sir?"
"That's why I'm the Lieutenant, Neil. I'm supposed to know everything. Was he hit?"
"He didn't say, sir." 
"Well that little whistle-fart would have said so if he had been, I assure you.”
Neil paused at whistle-fart. He'd never heard that one before.
"OK Neil. Although I hate to do it, call Sheriff Stutzenberger and tell him what's going on. Ask him to call out more guys to cover all three houses. He will kill both of us for ruining his day and Hilda's will maim us tomorrow after she totes up the overtime bill. But somebody's running amok in this town. By the way, did you get hold of Johnsen? I need him."
"No sir, he still doesn't answer his phone."
"He must snuggled down this morning," Shard said and immediately wished he hadn't.
"Keep trying, will you? I'll finish here and get over to the next set of shattered windows."
"Someone else was shot at tonight?" Debra asked wide-eyed.
“Yeah," Shard said, "the ex-wife, the son, and you have all had their windows shot out in the last couple of hours. Do you see any connection here?" he asked in a tone a fake innocence.
She took it as it as a straight question.
"Obviously, we all were involved with Steve." 
He liked the carefully chosen word 'involved.'  "You haven't received any threats since my sergeant talked to you?"
"No, everything has been normal, except of course, that Steve's gone."
"Did you go out last night?" 
"Oh no, I couldn't do that. Whatever you may think of me, Lieutenant, I loved Steve and miss him terribly."
"I'm sure you did." Shard fought to keep his eyes averted from her form outlined under her barely translucent nightgown. The lamp was behind her and she was glowing all over.
"I think you'll be OK now," he said. "Officer Duffy will stay with you until we can call in more deputies and we'll send Ian Kennedy to go over your house as soon as he's finished with Mrs. Harkness's. Meantime, you might want to slip into something warmer for it's getting colder in here."
Shard went out and refastened the shotgun to his dash. It was too early to think without help. He lifted the rear radio speaker cover from the package shelf and took out a Camel.
He decided to go to Harold’s house the back way, along the river on Feldermeyer's Mill Road, which was always plowed. The bracing air that poured in his half-open window helped to clear his mind. He noticed Doc's pickup truck in his driveway and had driven past it when it registered that Johnsen's Mustang was next to it. Shard slammed on his brakes, backed up, and pulled into the driveway. 
Unlike the other houses Shard had visited this morning, all of Doc's lights shone merrily. Everyone was astir and Doc opened his door before Shard rang the bell. Through the clenched cigar he said, "well, well, look what we've got here. A real policeman, just in time for my famous coffee, a hearty breakfast, and my New Year's Day checkers tournament."
"Is Johnsen here?" 
"Sure is and can that kid eat. Have you ever fed him? Hell, I'd be bankrupt in a week just maintaining his pulse." Doc stopped abruptly and squeezed up his facial features. "Oh no. You've got another corpse for me this morning. I haven't even finished my eggs benedict and bloody Mary. You rat!"
"No Doc. No corpses, at least not yet, but I need to talk to Knut."
"Come on in." 
Shard walked into the warm kitchen where Johnsen was washing down a huge plateful of eggs and cheese sauce with a quart jar of bloody Mary. Through it all, he never took his eyes off a very beautiful girl.
"Hi Boss," Johnsen said. "I'd like you to meet Doc's niece, Sherry Nettle."
"Pleased." Shard extended his hand.
"Doc invited me for breakfast. He promised that Sherry was the best cook south of Watertown. Boy was he right. Did you have fun last night?"
"I did until just before dawn when someone shot the town up," Shard said in his most deadpan voice.
“Are you serious?" 
"Unfortunately, yes. Someone shot Mrs. Harkness and she's in the hospital. Periwinkle should there with her now. Somebody also shot windows out of the back of Debra Newbill's house, but she's not hurt. And Hahn just got a call from junior and someone shot at his house too. I'm on my way over there now. If you can pull yourself away from this gastronomic overkill, come with me."
Without a word, Doc handed Shard a plate heaped with bread, smothered with ham, eggs, and the smoothest cheese sauce Shard had ever seen.
"You're not going anywhere until you eat this," Doc mumbled around his cigar. "Doctor's orders. Can’t dispute me." 
Shard was suddenly ravenous. He pulled up a chair and meekly followed orders."
After two bites, he said to Sherry, "do you cook professionally?”
"No, I'm a psychologist in real life. Once in a while I come out here to make sure Uncle Walgren eats something besides soggy cigars. Too many of them will ruin his naturally cheerful personality."
Shard liked her already. It took courage to chide Doc to his face, he was sharp.
"You ought to see what she can do with the used cigars I send her, makes very tasty dishes. I intend to send a baggie with a couple hundred butts back with her."
She scowled lovingly at the old reprobate.
"Did you and Sherry have a good time last night?" 
"We all did." Johnsen said.
"All?" Shard looked up from his plate. "All three of you?"
"Oh yes," Doc said. "The kids were kind enough to invite me to tag along with them. We had a marvelous time. I organized a round-robin checkers tournament at the Cleveland Inn. Took all night to play it off. I won handily of course. I must say, however, your happy Norseman might make a pretty good player in another decade or so. Might even be able to beat my delightful niece someday. Checkers is in the genes, you see."
Shard wondered if Doc was serious. He was strange but this pushed to his outer limits.
Shard wiped his plate clean and signified his approval with a deep sigh of contentment.
"Hell, I won't even have to wash your plate," Doc said. "Your parents trained you well, son."
"It was delicious Doc, or rather Sherry. But I have to run. Just your average day in Leyden. It'll probably get worse tomorrow. Johnsen, after you finish your fourth breakfast, go over the Harkness and Newbill houses to see what you can find out."
Shard left with the warm feeling of comfort food spreading through him. He didn't hurry to Junior's because he was sure the shooter didn't intend to kill anyone. He only shot into dark houses, only at the ground floors, and before dawn when everybody who had any sense was in bed. Mrs. Harkness was probably hit because she'd come downstairs for some reason, didn't turn on any lights, and walked into the shooter's line of fire. It had to be an accident or he faced one of the dumbest would-be murderers on record. He was pretty sure that Junior hadn't been hit. From what Periwinkle had said, he wouldn't have been up early enough to walk into a line of fire. Shard was surprised he'd even heard the shots. Maybe he'd just gotten home and was still awake.
Shard's car phone drew him back into the real world.
"Yeah."
"Neil here, sir."
"I figured that." 
"Sheriff's here and not happy. He called tomorrow's first shift in today and none of them are happy either. I still haven't found Johnsen, sir, but I'll keep trying."
"Don't bother. I found him eating the biggest, best breakfast I've ever seen at Doc's."
“Oh." 
"Call Periwinkle and tell her to meet me in my office after lunch. Tell the sheriff to get some guys out to all three houses to secure them so Kennedy can work his magic. Got that?"
"Yes sir," Shard heard as he stopped in front of Junior's condo. Harold had his door open before Shard was out of his car. 
"Come in. Am I glad to see you." Shard bet this was the first time he'd ever been glad to see a cop.
"It took you guys a while to get here.”
"First of all I'm in the singular and second, in case you haven't checked your calendar, today is New Year's, and we're short-handed. Even cops have holidays." Shard scowled, Periwinkle had been right about him.
"Yeah, well somebody shot at me last night. You guys get paid to protect me, even on a holiday. I could of been killed, you know."
"Were you?" Shard asked with a straight face.
"Very funny. I was lucky. I just got home and had flopped on my bed when he fired through the windows downstairs. Scared the hell out of me."
"Let's take a look," Shard said.
The back of the condo resembled Mrs. Harkness and Debra's houses. Four windows shattered, glass everywhere.
"Were the lights on back here?" Shard asked.
"No, I turned them out when I went upstairs."
"Was there a light on upstairs?"
"I'd just turned it out."
"In other words, the guy wasn't trying to kill you. More likely he wanted to scare you. Any idea of why?"
Junior slouched down in a chair and gave Shard an incredulous look, almost a sneer. "How the hell would I know? That's your job to find out."
Shard was tempted to point out to him that everyone who knew him would probably like to remove him from the planet, but held his counsel.
"Where were you last night?" 
"I went to a party in Utica."
"Where?"
"Moran's."
"Where's that?"
"Mohawk Street."
"Did you have a date?"
"Sorta."
"What do you mean, sorta?"
"I met this girl from Utica on Nevis and she said if I was home at Christmas I ought to come down to their New Year's Eve blast. So I did."
"What's her name?"
"Ginger something."
"Something?"
"Yeah. I never got her last name."
"Do you have a phone number for her?"
"Nah. I just went down."
“Can anyone verify that you were there?"
"I didn't know those people. Ginger hooked up with some guy and I didn't see much of her all night. The women all had dates, so I came home.”
"What time did you get back?"
“Around four I guess."
"And you can’t prove you were in Utica last night?'
“What are you trying to say?"
"Your mother and Ms. Newbill also had their windows shot out this morning. All on the first floor, all in dark houses."
"You're kidding me?" 
"No, I'm not."
Shard paused waiting for the obvious question. He didn't get it.
"You don't want to know whether your mother was hurt?" 
"You'd have told me if she was."
“Maybe. Well, she’s in the hospital. I don't know how badly she was hurt."
"Oh."
"That's it? Oh?" Shard wanted to wring his neck.
"Why would I shoot my mother? That's what you're trying to say, isn't it? She's my bank. I need her."
"How about Ms. Newbill, then?" 
"No way. Now that father's dead, she's ripe for my picking. I might come home more often to keep her satisfied, you know what I mean?"
Shard turned to leave. I'll send some people out to go through the house for evidence. They'll get here after they finish your mother's place and Ms. Newbill's. Try not to touch anything down here."
"I'll freeze to death if I can't get someone to block up these windows."
"Shut the doors," Shard said.
Shard left with a foul taste in his mouth. He opened his trunk and took out the Camel that lay tucked in with his jumper cables.

CHAPTER 6
Freydis and Thorvard
Friday Noon, New Year's Day 
At headquarters, Hahn told Shard that the sheriff had left for the day. If anything serious came up, he wanted Shard to call him at the club.
"Seven, huh?" Shard said.
"Yes, sir. Another one on the way."
"Congratulations."
He met Periwinkle on the stairs. Shard noticed that she looked like she'd slept eight hours, fresh and perky. Must be youth, he thought.
"How's Gloria?" he asked as they went into his office where Shard claimed his desk chair.
"She's a miserable woman, you know that?" 
“I would be too if I'd been shot."
"She wasn't shot, Boss. Glass shards cut her. She'd come downstairs for a snack and was walking to the kitchen when someone shot a window out. She said she dropped to the floor and stayed there. She was certain she would die."
"Did she have any lights on downstairs?" Shard asked.
"Claims she didn't. Said the reflection off the snow made it light enough for her to see where she was going."
"Don't you find it odd that someone would shoot willy-nilly into darkened houses? What did he hope to hit. Or, more to the point, who?"
"That is strange, Boss. Maybe the guy was sending them a message."
"To all three? And what’s the message?" 
"Maybe to keep quiet about something. Something we don't know anything about. Which makes sense, because I asked Gloria why someone would want to kill her. Know what she said? 'It's none of your damned business. Stop sticking your nose in my life.'"
"Sweet. Such a nice woman," Shard said, “but you make a lot of sense. All three are tied to Harkness of course. But we know that two didn't like him while Johnsen says Debra did There could be a jealous suitor we haven’t heard about somewhere in the picture. But financial discord seems more likely. Charbeneau wants his debts repaid. Dank and Feldon want to ward off sale of the mill. Junior wants to scare more money out of his mother. Could be most anyone."
"My money's on Harold. He's the scummiest of the lot.”
"I have to agree with you on that, but even though he has no provable alibi for last night, I can't see what he'd gain from this little trick.” 
"What little trick?" Johnsen asked as he came into the office. His pants were sodden from the knees down.
"Been playing in the snow again?" Shard asked.
"I stomp snow every New Year's Day. It's a Norwegian tradition. It keeps the elves quiet until spring. They can be nasty little folk in the winter when they are cold and hungry. Did I ever tell you the story of how they stole Thor's hammer?"
"Yes, about a dozen times," Shard said. "What did you learn this morning?"
"The shooter wore a size ten boot."
"Very good," Shard said. And how many men wear size ten boots? Half of them? I'll bet it's the most popular size in the state. Could Kennedy get a match on the sole pattern?"
“I asked him, he said no. But I did follow the prints at Mrs. Harkness and Debra's. At the ex's place the guy walked in from the back road through the trees that run to behind her house. He fired from there."
"Did I need all that detail?" Shard asked.
"Yeah, I think so Boss."
"What about at Debra's?"
"The same story. Pair of size tens came through the woods that run behind her house. Funny thing is, the length of his stride is the same in both directions. He didn't run away, he walked off. You'd think with all the noise he made, he'd want to get out as soon as possible."
“Maybe he used a silencer,” Shard said. “Better yet, it was New Year's morning. Who’s sober enough to hear the shots?"
"Junior was," Periwinkle said.
"One other thing, Boss. Kennedy dug bullets out of the walls. He found five at the ex's and six at Debra's. He hasn't been to Harold's yet."
"What caliber?"
"He's pretty sure they're .22s. He said he'll check to see if they were fired from the same rifle."
"Any thoughts about all this, other than we are missing the bowl games and Johnsen is the first on the wastebasket this year? Shard asked.
"It doesn't make much sense," Johnsen said. "If he wanted to kill them, he was pretty bad at it. He shot from too far away and at dark houses. He couldn't see anybody inside. I'd be inclined to say he's a prankster who over celebrated, except that he only shot at houses of people closely involved with Harkness."
"Better than that," Periwinkle said. "They were all intimately involved with the man, two of them sexually and the other his child. The Boss and I wondered if the shots weren’t a warning or a message."
"They could have been, but what's the message?” Johnsen asked.
"Ah, there's the rub, as an obscure English playwright once wrote. If only we knew." Shard launched his first cliché of the year.
"The one thing we do know," he continued, "is how our evenings went last night. I trust - "
His phone rang.
"Lieutenant Shard."
"I should have known it'd be you Neil. You’re still here?"
"I'm working a double shift today. I get overtime and you know I need it."
"That's what you called to tell me?"
"No sir. Mrs. Harkness phoned, she just got home."
"OK."
"But, that's not why she called, sir."
"For God's sake get to the point, Neil, I'm not on overtime."
"She said someone broke into her house and stole a rifle.”
“Anything else?"
"Nothing that she could see. She said she went to get the gun because she's scared to be alone. It was gone."
"What caliber was it?" 
"She didn't say, sir."
"OK, thanks Neil."
Shard repeated the conversation for his sergeants.
"That's nice," Periwinkle said. "Maybe she got shot with her own gun. Hoisted on her own petard?" She smiled.
"The Viking's didn't have petards," Johnsen said. "That was a later invention that used Chinese gunpowder to blow down doors and walls. The Vikings had battering rams and the Trojan Horse in Rome."
"It wasn't Rome, Norseman. They thought it was which says a great deal about their map reading skills. Everyone knows it was probably Luna, which didn't look much like Rome. Still doesn't," Shard said.
"They didn't have maps, they didn't need them."
"We had a good time last night, Boss," Periwinkle said. "Even if the Norseman and Doc were there."
"And we didn't play checkers all night," Johnsen said.
Periwinkle wondered what the hell he was talking about.
"I didn't think you did, but with Doc you can never tell. But I'll say one thing, I think your date - "
The phone again.
"Lieutenant Shard."
"It's for you Norseman, a woman. Your first personal call this year. I'm going to keep tabs on you guys. Your social lives are cutting into our working hours."
They followed Johnsen's end of the conversation with smug grins. It was Sherry, Johnsen's blush gave it away although he never said her name. The instant he hung up, the phone rang again.
"Lieutenant Shard."
"Oh hi." It was Johnsen's turn to grin. He held up a finger and pointed to Shard. They were tied.
"I had a wonderful time last night," Ellen said, "and slept like a log after you left. I feel better today than I have in years. How'd you sleep?"
"I didn't," Shard said. "Some dipshit decided to shoot up the town this morning."
"I'm sorry, you must be exhausted. But, I called to tell you that we're staying over another night and thought maybe we could get together. Alice and mom cooked up some scheme for Alice to spend the night with her. Mom is thrilled because she can show Alice off to all her old buddies. But maybe my idea isn't so good."
"No, no, it's great." Shard's mind went into overdrive. "You remember my mom's spaghetti?"
"How could anyone forget? It must have been fifty proof. Everyone who ate it stayed regular for at least two weeks."
Well, mom lives. Her secret was to age the sauce at least a week. That guaranteed the batch verged on spoiling. The mold was her secret.” 
Periwinkle and Johnsen leaned closer to hear.
"Right before Christmas I made a huge pot of Gracie's sauce from her original recipe and I’ve had it aging for what, about eight days. Come on over and I'll serve you a hearty portion. I'll invite Periwinkle and Johnsen and their dates too. They'll go anywhere for a free meal, even Gracie’s spaghetti. Maybe Johnsen will bring Doc. We can play checkers or watch the Orange Bowl."
Periwinkle shook her head at Johnsen. She was put off by the vision of the mold in her 'hearty portion.' Johnsen sat swathed in a silly grin.
"What a great idea Boss.” he said. “Sherry called to say that she is staying over and wondered if I wanted to do something. I must have really impressed her last night. I'll call her. Maybe Doc's free too. By the way, did your call qualify as personal?"
“I’ll be she was impressed. She’d never seen anyone eat four breakfasts at one sitting," Shard said. "Periwinkle, you want to call Don and come over?"
“That the mold is a bit off-putting, Boss. I don't know, I'm kind of delicate."
"There's not much of it and you can always scrape it off if you don't like it." Shard winked at Johnsen.
"Well, in that case I'll call Don and insist that he come. I need all the support I can get. Besides, then we'll be tied on our personal calls.
Friday, New Year’s Night
A light snow fell as Shard drove home. The flakes drifted down lazily and were outlined below the street lamps. Few cars were out, everyone was snugged down in their warm living rooms where they stared at the bowl games and hoped that the meals they had just finished were calorie-free.
At least they'd had a night's sleep, Shard thought as he turned into his driveway. But his spirits were buoyed by the prospects of Gracie's spaghetti sauce and the good company. A little voice in the back of his mind nagged that it hoped that nobody would shoot his windows out tonight.
Periwinkle and Don arrived first. Don was not exactly what Shard had expected. He was one of those people who had no sharp edges. He wasn't fat, just fluffy. A small pouch that spanned the gap between his chin and chest anchored his round face. His sparkling blue eyes, however, lent him an intensity that belied his shape. He looked like a warm, cuddly guy. Taller than Periwinkle but shorter than Shard, he wore his wine colored corduroy slacks and striped Oxford cloth button down well. And his shoes were shiny. Shard liked that because his mother made him shine his shoes every day before he went to school. She’d believed that people looked at your shoes first and it was important to make a good impression. Shard didn't agree. Women may start with feet, but guys began elsewhere.
After introductions, Shard handed them china and the chest of sterling silver and asked them to set the table. Ellen arrived and gave him a warm, knowing look as he took her coat. He hoped that she read the same in his face. Johnsen, Sherry, and Doc followed them in and interrupted their wordless intercourse.
"I wasn't going to come," Doc said around his cigar. “The kids made me. I planned to take them out to dinner. I had already started my truck to warm it up when the Viking showed up. He wouldn't hear of me driving. Kids are great nowadays, ain't they?"
Shard handed Doc a huge wooden stirring spoon. "Here, make yourself useful. Stir the sauce and be sure to distribute the mold evenly. That's the secret of this stuff."
The drinks flowed, the plates were heaped, the garlic bread was stacked a foot high, the candles flickered, and for a short moment everyone was happy and beautiful, even Doc. Shard later thought a good time was had by all - and damn the cliché.
He noticed that the Norseman couldn't take his eyes off Sherry even as he piled on his second and third servings. Periwinkle seemed comfortable with Don, who fit in well. And solved their little mystery.
When Shard asked him, "what does a production engineer do? Periwinkle doesn’t know either and of course the Vikings never heard of engineers."
To Don's credit, he didn't state the obvious. "I design processes and the machinery that enable us to manufacture newsprint more efficiently. And at a lower cost."
Shard was glad he'd cleared that up.
"Right now," Don continued, "we are running at our highest production levels ever. And we haven't increased our workforce at all. Newsprint prices are up and we're taking advantage of them. We even ran two shifts today."
Any other time, Shard, Periwinkle, and Johnsen would have segued into questions about Harkness's relationships in the mill. But the Viking had disappeared into Sherry's eyes, Periwinkle was fixated on all the mold she had ingested, and Shard was sunk in a warm, fuzzy stupor and sneaked frequent looks at Ellen next to him. When their glances met they passed manuscripts of unspoken words.
"This is the best moldy spaghetti I've ever eaten," Doc pronounced, "a perfect appetizer for checkers." Shard noticed the several boards next to Doc's chair and knew Doc wasn't talking about Nixon's dog. Shard began to collect the dishes and everyone else, as if on cue, scooped up everything on the table and made for the kitchen to get away from the checkerboards. Shard had never seen guests so anxious to help clean up. 
Over the din, he announced, "I have a bottle of The Edradour single malt, not too peaty and a little sweet, perfect to top off a moldy meal. Anybody want a taste? 
Every hand in the kitchen went up.
“Can I have a sheet of paper so I can figure out the checkers round robin?” Doc asked. “Do you want to draw straws, play girls against girls, or make it coed?"
Nobody answered.
"I'll throw a few more logs on the fire," Johnsen said. “If you want we can gather around the hearth and I'll tell one of my grandfather's favorite Norse tales. It'll be just like the Minnesota of my childhood.”
A chorus of “sounds great” arose from around the sink and counter. Even Periwinkle voted for the saga.
"Afterwards we'll play checkers," Doc said.
"Make it a long one," Shard whispered to Johnsen.
They gathered in front of the fire, Johnsen on a low footstool to one side and through some instinctive age-old tradition, the men sat in chairs with the three women on the floor seated between their feet. It reminded Shard of a Currier & Ives print.
"This is a story about evil," Johnsen said, "that took place not that far from here."
"You cops think about evil a lot, don't you," Ellen said.
"When we have a murder case, yes. But after that meal and with a welcome tot of scotch, and a house full of beautiful women, less often," Shard said as he gently rubbed her ears.
"This story takes place in Vinland, probably located in modern Newfoundland. Leif Eirikson discovered the area about the year 1000 and built temporary houses there.  Greenland Norse made later voyages to the place to gather timber and maybe grapes."
He had their attention, even Doc's.
"One year, two Norwegian merchants sailed into Greenland. Eirik's daughter, Freydis, invited them to bring their boat and sail with her and her men to Vinland. They agreed on the number of men boat would carry and how they would split the profits. Leif gave them permission to use his houses."
"Sounds like a prenuptial agreement to me," Periwinkle said. “They didn't trust each other did they?"
"No."
"Did the Norse play checkers?" Doc asked in what seemed a sincere question.
"No," Johnsen replied, "but they had a game that used a similar board and stones or bones in place of checkers. But we don't know if Freydis took the game with them."
"Nice transition," Shard said.
"Thanks. Freydis smuggled five extra men aboard her ship and they gave her a numerical advantage. The Norwegians reached Vinland first and moved into Leif's house, the biggest. When Freydis arrived she complained that it was her brother's house and she and her men should have it. The Norwegians moved out and built themselves a house some distance away. For a while the two groups played games and told sagas. But the athletic games got physically out of hand and by midwinter the groups stayed to themselves."
Johnsen saw he had them spellbound. It looked like reading time in the library’s children's section.
"Very early one morning Freydis slipped out of her house and went to the other one and woke up its leader, Finnbogi, and asked him to come outside. She said she was sorry the two groups were fighting. She told him that she wanted to take her men and leave and wanted to trade ships with Finnbogi because his was bigger. He agreed and Freydis went home."
"Now here's where it gets good," Johnsen said. "Freydis's cold feet woke up her husband, Thorvard. He asked where she had been and she told him that she tried to buy Finnbogi's boat but he and his men got angry and hit her. She called Thorvard a wretch for not defending her honor and threatened to divorce him when they got back to Greenland."
"The Vikings had divorce?" Periwinkle asked.
"Yup, and Thorvard knew it. He woke his men and stormed Finnbogi's house where they were still asleep. As they dragged them outside Freydis ordered them killed. Her men did, but they refused to kill the five women who lived there. Freydis took an ax and murdered them. Then she threatened to kill any crew member who said anything about this back in Greenland."
"Bet that never happened," Don said. "Nobody could keep a secret like that. Catholic guilt would get the better of them. Right?"
"Yup. Even though she paid them handsomely, the rumors got out and Freydis's brother, Leif, heard them. He took three of her crew and tortured them until they told the truth. He didn't have the heart to punish his sister, but he predicted that none of her descendants would ever prosper. And, they didn't."
"And the moral of this story is?" Shard asked.
"It's simple," Periwinkle said. "Men always mistreat women. Sometimes we have to fight back."
"Poppycock," Doc said as he deftly shifted his cigar from one side to the other. "The moral is revenge against Finnbogi for something he did to her. She misled poor Thorvard and caused him to do something he didn't want to. She got her way."
"The real question," Shard said, "is why did she lie? Did Finnbogi hit her? Insult her? There has to be more to the story. Maybe she slipped away from Thorvard to have a dalliance with Finnbogi who turned her down. I can understand her desire for revenge then. Why did she expect he'd want to trade her his larger ship? He didn't have to, but he did. Maybe the story got mangled over the millennia and he didn't agree to the trade, she got mad, he hit her, and the murders followed. Maybe, some women are just evil to the bone." Shard smiled, but only Johnsen saw it.
"Checkers Time!" Doc erupted as he shuffled the boards on his lap.
"Wait a minute, there's a sequel Doc," Johnsen said to audible sighs around the fireplace. “That Freydis appears in the Grenlendinga Saga. There's another version of the Vinland stories called Eirik's Saga and it also has a Freydis. It's probably not the same woman, but she was tough too. Indians in Vinland attacked the Norse who retreated up a river. Freydis, who was pregnant, taunted her companions saying that if she had a weapon she wouldn't run. Then, just as the Indians were about to overtake her, she stumbled over a dead Viking and picked up his sword. She turned toward their attackers and pulled a breast out of her cloak and slapped the sword against it. The Indians were terrified and ran back to their boats and paddled away as fast as they could. She saved the expedition. Now, that's a real woman."
"I don't get it," Periwinkle said. "Why would they be terrified of a woman who slapped her breast with a sword?"
"Maybe there were terrified by a woman who fought like a man," Ellen offered. "Or if she was pregnant it may have been the biggest breast they had ever seen. Maybe they had heard of a mythological woman warrior and they thought she'd come to life."
They sat and contemplated the two Freydises.
"Thanks for listening to the stories," Johnsen said. "I don't get to tell a whole one very often. Everybody's too busy to sit down and listen to the truths of history."
"Checkers Time!"
"My gosh look what time it is, " Periwinkle said. "We have to be at work early tomorrow, don't we Boss?"
"We aren't going to solve any murders before nine,” Shard said. “Besides, it’s Saturday. Tell you what, I'll refill anybody's drink who'll stay and try to beat Doc." 
"Fat chance," Doc said. 
Doc played three opponents at a time and polished off the dinner party before he did his drink. 
It was snowing harder as Shard ushered the champion and the pretenders to his checkers’ throne into the night. Ellen followed Shard back inside where he freshened her drink. They snuggled down on the couch in front of the fire where she gave him a long, suggestive kiss followed by her best come-hither look. "Not all women are evil to the bone," she whispered.
Saturday Morning
"Do you think Doc cheats?" Johnsen asked. "I can't believe he beat all of us in fifteen minutes. We couldn't be that bad."
"How could he cheat?" Periwinkle asked. "The board was in front of us all the time. He moved from board to board, we didn’t."
"Maybe he's a shape-changer, like in medieval times."
"Morning guys," Shard said as he walked in and saw that he'd drawn the wastebasket. 
"We had a good time last night, Boss. Thanks. The spaghetti was excellent, it didn’t even upset our stomachs," Periwinkle said.
"That's good, because we've got to hit the ground running today, even if it’s the weekend. The Holidays are over and we've got a murder, yesterday’s shooting mess, and dozens of DUIs and B&E's over the holiday. But forget the latter. We’ll tie those up in paperwork and dump it all on Bluder's desk. It's Harkness we've got to worry about. He counts. Don't forget, the Kaiser is up for reelection this year and he's going to mention that to us in conjunction with Harkness at least once a day."
"I can't wait," Johnsen said. “But luckily I won't see him as often as you do. Tell him I'll vote for him regardless of whether he solves the murder."
"Wise guy. Now listen up, I've made a list of things we have to do today. Should have done them yesterday, except you guys couldn’t tear yourselves away from Doc's tournament."
"Do you think he cheats?" Periwinkle asked.
"No. He's been that good for a half a century. I'll bet there's not a gambit he hasn't seen, or tried." 
"Now, back to work. We have Harkness’s autopsy, but not the drug work. I want to know if he was drunk or on something. Doc promised to get that to us. Run him down, will you Periwinkle, to see if he has it yet. And while you're at it, ask him if he cheats."
"That's not fair Boss, you always send me to Doc. You know how cantankerous he is."
"I send you because he’s always nice to you. He's funny around women, you know."
"That's number one. Johnsen, you're a Protestant in good standing. I want you to check with the Good Shepherd Episcopalian pastor to see if he said Christmas Day Mass. I bet he did. See if Harkness attended. If he did, we have to make new assumptions about the time of his murder. That's an easy job, Father Hines is a gentle man."
"We also need to know if Harkness was a regular attender," Johnsen pointed out. "If he didn't go regularly, he might have still been alive, but not in church."
"Right. Ask Fr. Hines that too. If Harkness was alive, I bet he attended, if only for social reasons. His ex seems keenly aware of those kinds of social obligations."
"When you get done, Periwinkle, fire up your computer to see if Harkness, Dank, Feldon, Junior, Collins, or Debra have police records. Harkness was quite a rounder in his youth, he may have been pulled in for something. Junior strikes me as so lazy he'd be a prime suspect for a loitering pinch. Or maybe a DUI. I don't know how helpful this information will be if the arrests are old, but it's information worth knowing."
"That's easy, Boss."
"Well, here's one not so easy. Periwinkle run down to Utica and check with the bartender or bouncer at a club called Moran's on Mohawk Street. Junior claims he spent New Years Eve there, but didn't know anybody. Which leaves him without an alibi for the shootings or his father's murder. He says that he hit on every woman in the place but they all had dates. Maybe he started a fracas the bartender remembers."
"Moran's? I don't know the place," she said.
"There's a famous watering hole in New Orleans of the same name," Shard said. "If I remember correctly, it was rumored to be a mob hang Maybe it's the same thing in Utica. I was only in the New Orleans place once, but it looked OK to me."
"I'm going to talk to the Kaiser to see if he'll support me to get access to Junior's December phone records. I'd give a bunch to know whether he really spent Christmas Eve on the phone with that Toronto woman, or even if she exists. If he didn't that'll put him in our cross hairs for his father's murder.”
"Are you going to check on the bullets Boss? We need to know if they came from the same gun. If so, we have one suspect for the three shootings," Johnsen said.
"Yeah, I'll prod Kennedy to get them done. The odds that there was more than one guy in the woods are long though. I'd also guess that he planned the shootings carefully. He knew the layout of the woods and since the timing of the shootings was pretty tight, I doubt he had time to fumble his way through the cover behind the houses. Johnsen, talk to the ex, Debra, and Junior and nail down the exact times the shots were fired and measure from how far away. And while you’re about it, ask if they know anything about Harkness’s stolen rifle. There’s a good chance that somebody used it in the shootings. Any ideas how to find out who has it?” 
Their profound silence indicated that any idea in the room would have been lonesome. Shard shifted on the wastebasket.
"I don't either, other than to send a uniform around to the pawnshops and hunting supply stores to see if anyone tried to sell them a rifle in the last couple of days. I doubt that'll turn up anything, but I'll get someone on it."
"Now for the $64,000 question. Do you guys remember that quiz show?" Shard asked. "The scandal?"
Again, nothing.
"Mom's spaghetti must have coated your mental switches. Never mind. The question is, who shot into the houses? The guy who killed Harkness? If so, why did he come back to do this? I can’t see any direct connection between the two events, but I can't believe they are unrelated either."
Shard grabbed the window curtain and pinched along its hem until a Camel squirted out.
"That's a bunch of questions, Boss,” Johnsen said. “If the Harkness murder isn’t related to the house shootings, I’ll put my money on that little turd, Junior for them. He's just the kind of arse who'd go out on New Years Eve, get loaded, and think it's funny to shoot the windows out of his family’s houses. And don't forget, whoever did it might have used his father's rifle. Junior has keys to the house so it'd be easy for him to steal it. To cover himself, he shoots out his own windows and calls the police. Fun. I tell you that irresponsible sot would have been summarily dispatched to Hel in Medieval Scandinavia.”
"He would have had to exert himself though," Periwinkle said, "and we know that he's short in the energy department. He'd also get wet and cold. Most important, the shootings wouldn't get him a woman. Will he do anything not related to money, indolence, and sex?"
"It's a possibility he did it," Shard said, "in spite of his known proclivities. But you're saying, Norseman, that you think the murder and the shootings are unrelated events?"
"Sorta, Boss. They both have something to do with the family, that's obvious, but maybe for different reasons?"
Shard's phone rang.
"Lieutenant Shard. Tell him I'll be there, thanks."
"Witry has arranged for me to talk to Charbeneau this morning at eleven. Which, in light of what Johnsen just said, prompts another thought."
Shard wiggled on the wastebasket. The pain intruded on his thought process. He stood and paced the narrow room.
"We're pretty sure Harkness owed Charbeneau a lot of money. With Harkness's murder, Charbeneau loses that money. He can't sue the estate, his games are illegal so it’s a total loss for him. Ownby made a crack about whether Charbeneau might send his thugs after him to cough up Harkness's money. I couldn't tell whether he was serious, but the fact he mentioned it indicates that he'd thought about it."
Shard leaned into a corner.
"I don't see where you're going with this," Periwinkle said.
"Well, suppose Charbeneau wants to pressure Harkness's lawyer or heirs to make the debts good. The shootings might have been his genteel way of showing them what he would do if they don't pay up."
"Blackmail?" 
"Of a kind, I guess."
"Well, it's for damned sure he won't tell you anything about it this morning," Johnsen said.
"I agree. But I have a half hour, so let me bounce a couple of other possibilities off you guys. I still think that there's a good chance that Harkness's death was connected to the infighting at the mill over whether Harkness ought to sell out and the possibility that the books out there are cooked. We need Periwinkle's Don to be our mole to uncover the dirt in the mill."
"Whaaaat?" Periwinkle said. "We can't do that, it's not fair to Don. He's just an engineer, he’d get fired."
"Just kidding," Shard replied, "although if he hears any rumors that bear on the murder, I'd sure like to hear them."
"Me too," she said.
"Anyway, I can envision two scenarios. The one I like best is that Harkness or somebody on his orders fired a guy in the mill. He went 'postal' and killed Harkness. Not content with that, he's determined to hurt the rest of his family."
"I like that," Johnsen said. "Sounds like a theme that runs through the sagas, the use of violence to save face and family reputation. It brings to mind the story in the Laxdaela Saga. There was a fellow named An Brushwood-Belly who approached a farm - "
"Norseman, your forbears couldn't go postal, they had no post offices. Know why? Because they couldn't write," Periwinkle said.
"Ok guys, calm down. I don't have much time and you have to get going. What do you think of my idea about a disgruntled former employee?"
"It's a distinct possibility," Johnsen said. "It's a common enough reaction these days and the mill employs some folks who wouldn't be invited to join polite company, if you get my drift. We often meet them downstairs in booking."
"Yeah, I like it too," Shard said. "I'll check at the mill. Dank would be the man to talk to. He knows the workers better than Collins and Feldon."
"One thing, Boss," Periwinkle said. "How would a guy like that know that Harkness was involved with Debra? That was common knowledge in his social circle, but was the word out on the mill floor?"
"I don't know, but I can check with Dank on that too."
"You said you had two theories. What's the other one?" she asked.
"This one's more complex and springs from the greed angle. We know that Collins, Feldon, and Dank do not want the mill sold, they were allied against Harkness on that question. They don’t know who inherits the mill. If Junior gets it, no rational soul can predict what he's likely to do. But they're pretty sure he won't inherit. Their best bet is that Gloria gets it and they agreed she'd be impossible to work for, unless she’d let the triumvirate operate the place for her. I'm not certain they think that's much of a possibility, though. So, from their point of view what's most likely to happen? Gloria sells the company to an outside firm or to Collins and the boys. Ideally, Collins and the managers would raise the capital to buy her out. How to persuade her to sell? How about gunshots through her back windows? Something that will scare her and Junior half to death."
"But where does Debra come in?" Periwinkle asked.
"I'm not sure, but they knew about her and maybe they’re afraid she might inherit a piece of their livelihood. In which case it makes sense to rock all three of them back on their heels.”
"You're saying Boss, that the people who shot up Leyden yesterday are the same ones who killed Harkness?" Johnsen asked.
"Yeah, that's implicit. They had to get rid of him to stop the sale, which looked like a sure thing. Those guys the other day were scared stiff the place was on the verge of being sold and shut down."
"But you said Feldon and Collins had stock options to cushion their exits," Johnsen said.
"They do, but I think they enjoy the power they wield in the mill and community even more than they do their options. Dank, however, doesn't have a cushion, nor do his boys. If he loses his job so do they and they're all out on the unemployment line. Power and greed are powerful motivations.”
Saturday, Late Morning
Outside, Shard saw that it looked like snow, felt like snow, smelled like snow, but there wasn't a flake in the air. Is it possible for God to run out of snow, even in Leyden, he wondered? He walked over to his favorite street lamp, brushed the snow aside, unscrewed the maintenance plate, and took out a plastic bag with several Camels in it. 
Shard had seen Charbeneau on the street and in Schuylers once in a great while, but had never talked to him. He guessed the gambler was not anxious to initiate a close social relationship with the law. It was time, he thought, to take the man’s measure.
Charbeneau's Powerblast station was down the hill, tucked in between the chair factory and the feed mill. As usual, there was no activity at the gas pumps and only two cars parked alongside the building. Shard walked in and found Charbeneau sitting with his feet up on his perfectly clear desk. He judged the gambler to be on the wrong side fifty, rapidly going to flab. His head of dark brown hair was carefully combed to artfully cover his receding hairline. Despite his unwelcoming look, Shard judged he had a pleasant enough face, with bright brown eyes and rather thin lips. Dressed in a pair of cords, a long-sleeved T-shirt, and an alpaca vest, he was ready for anything but outside automotive work. Shard noticed that his hands were clean and his fingernails neatly cut. He wagered Charbeaneau hadn't been near grease in a decade. Off to his left, Witry leaned back in his chair against the wall. Neither smiled, offered greetings, or suggested that Shard take a seat. Unbidden, he took a chair directly across from Charbeneau.
"Good morning," he said.
"Hi," Charbeneau half-muttered truculently.
"You probably know that I'm investigating Stephen Harkness's murder."
Nothing.
"I’ve learned from several sources that Mr. Harkness frequented your crap games, the ones you conduct for high-rollers."
Nothing.
"I've further learned that Mr. Harkness was either one unlucky man or a lousy craps shooter and was heavily in debt to you when he was killed."
Nothing.
"I also know that you keep a couple of men on your payroll who you didn't hire to service cars here. You keep them around for muscle and other odd jobs."
Nothing.
"So, I asked myself, if Harkness was into you for big bucks and he couldn't pay, what would be your response? Threaten him? Maybe a little physical byplay to show that you were serious? Something that might have gone too far?” 
"What the hell are you -?"
"Shut up Al," Witry said. "My client and I resent your insinuations, Lieutenant, and if you continue to talk like this we will sue your ass off for libel and harassment and anything else I can think of. You can't go around accusing law-abiding citizens of gambling, thuggery, and murder.” 
"Go ahead and sue me. I'd love to get your client on the stand under oath. I'll have witnesses lined up outside the courthouse back to Schuylers eager to testify about the good times they had at his crap tables. Maybe they’ll even tell the court how he gets the word out about where they'll be held. I'd love it.”
"That wouldn't be allowable under the terms of my charges."
"Sure it would. Makes no difference how you finagle them. To show I didn't libel your client all I have to prove is that he is exactly what I said he is, a professional gambler."
Shard turned sideways in his chair and rested his arm across its back.
"Now let's cut the crap, shall we? Did Mr. Harkness owe you money, Mr. Charbeneau?"
Charbeneau glanced over towards Witry. His lawyer gave him an almost imperceptible nod, no."
"No," Charbeneau said.
"Not a cent? No gambling debts?"
"No. I don't run no gambling. How could he owe me money?"
A last, a whole sentence, Shard thought.
"And what about the two large guys on your payroll? You keep them around to do your books? They're transmission specialists?"
Shard saw that he had upset Charbeneau, whose eyes darted between the two men as he chewed on the inside of his cheeks.
Witry saw it too and broke in. "It's none of your damned business Lieutenant who he hires or why. But in the interest of cooperating with the police, I'll tell you that they are Mr. Charbeneau's personal assistants."
Shard squelched a laugh.
"Personal assistants? Really? Could you give me an inkling of how they assist your client?"
"Sure. The gas station business is dangerous. Holdups all the time because you cops don't do your job. These men protect Mr. Charbeneau and his business here. He's never been held up, that proves they're good at what they do."
"I see," Shard said. 
"Why would I kill him before he paid me back?" Charbeneau asked to Witry's displeasure. "It don’t make no sense. It don't matter though, 'cause he didn't owe me nothing. He didn't even buy gas here."
That wasn't a surprise to Shard. Nobody else did either.
"You have a good point there, Mr. Charbeneau, but mistakes do happen. Mr. Witry can attest to that. Remember the Landry murder two months ago that almost got Witry killed? Those guys didn't mean to kill Landry, just to hurt him to teach him a lesson. But they went over the line. Something like that could have happened to Mr. Harkness. Pushed a little too far."
"Ok, that's it Lieutenant," Witry said. "You don't have a single fact in all that crap and the one you think you do have, that my client is somehow mixed up with gambling, is wrong. So why don't you leave him alone?"
"I'll leave, Witry, but I want you to know that we will dig deeper into this and keep a close eye on Mr. Charbeneau. As of right now he's one of our chief suspects.”

CHAPTER 7
More Suspects
Saturday Noon
Shard walked back up the hill to Schuylers. Without asking, O’Reilly handed him a Camel and announced that the daily luncheon special was one of his favorites, franks and beans.
He had just settled under the moosehead when Johnsen came over and sat down.
"How'd it go with Charbeneau?" he asked.
"About as well as expected. Witry was there so he denied everything, as we knew he would. He doesn't gamble and therefore Harkness couldn't have owed him money. The only thing I found out was that Charbeneau's thugs are, according to Witry, his personal assistants."
Johnsen laughed. "You got to be kidding."
"No. He needs them to protect the station because we don’t do our jobs. Proof that they've been doing their job is that his station hasn't been robbed. They must be good, huh?"
"No stations have been robbed around here for years," Johnsen said. 
“Maybe that's proof that we do our jobs," Shard said.
"More likely that we've been lucky."
"That too. What did you find out this morning?"
"I went to Harkness’s church. Father Hines is a gentle man."
"I told you he was."
"You were also right, the Good Shepard has a Christmas Mass. Father Hines said it and is positive that Harkness and his family were not there. He said they sit up at the front where it is impossible not to notice them. Their whole pew was empty on Christmas morning."
"I wonder if they still charge pew rent there?" Shard asked. "That might explain why they had such prominent seats in full view of the priest and congregation. I bet his ex-wife wouldn't sit in the back where she wouldn't be noticed."
"I never thought of that, Boss. I know the Lutherans don't charge pew rents.”
"It doesn't matter, I guess."
"One interesting thing Father Hines told me though, Debra was in church Christmas morning."
"I didn't know she was Episcopalian. That must have made for some interesting Sundays with Harkness, his wife, and mistress in church together at the same time."
"What makes it even more interesting," Johnsen said, "Debra told me that she didn't leave the house on Christmas Day because she thought Harkness would call her and wanted to be there."
O'Reilly put two plates of franks and beans on the table.
"That’s interesting," Shard said, "but it might have simply been an oversight on her part. People tend to forget to mention those things they do regularly, like go to church, get a haircut, play checkers, and eat at Schuylers. Did you ask father if she attended often?”
"Every Sunday."
"Then she didn't break her routine. Remember that Sherlock Holmes always looked for even the tiniest break in a suspect's routine?"
"No, Boss. We didn't read Sherlock at Bemidji State."
"Oh. After lunch find Kennedy to see if he has his report finished, will you? I'd like to know the details, bullets, distances, and the like."
"Sherry still in town?" 
"No, she left this morning.”
"Think she'll come back soon?"
"I don't know. I suggested it enough times. I might go to see her this weekend or the next, depending on the case. She's something. Do you really think she shares Doc's genetic code?"
Saturday Afternoon
"Where do you want me to start, Boss?" Periwinkle asked from his desk chair.
"Let's start with Doc. Did you two have a pleasant time?"
"You were right, he was nice. But he told me to tell you that you're a lousy checkers player, one of the worst he's seen. Let's see, that was number one. Number two, your mother's spaghetti sauce was too mild. It needs some zip. It didn't even give him gas. Three, he can't understand how you put up with all that Viking drivel, especially when it cuts into checkers’ time. You need to organize better. Fourth, buy a car. That thing you drive is a tinker toy. He suggested you get a man's truck like his. Big and bold, I think he said."
"He cast dispersions on my Morgan? That's the last straw. This is war. What'd you learn?"
“The drug screen showed that Harkness had alcohol in his system, but he wasn't drunk and knew what he was doing. They also tested him for other common drugs and he was clean. Oh, and Doc said that his stomach contents showed that he hadn't eaten after the club's dinner. It was still in there, or somewhere. I didn't push that question too far."
"Interesting. More evidence that he was killed soon after the party. He hadn't passed his dinner yet. If he were regular, I assume he would have passed it the next morning. Interesting."
"You already said that, Boss. Then I came back to headquarters and ran the rap sheets for all our suspects. They were all clean, except for Dank, and there was nothing serious on him. The rest didn’t even have a parking ticket."
"Interesting."
Periwinkle wondered if he said that to irritate her.
"What was Dank hauled in for?"
“What you would expect, disorderly conduct, resisting arrest, blocking a public thoroughfare, trespassing, and using profane language publicly."
"Trespassing? On mill property?"
"Yeah."
“All that’s consistent with a strike. Nothing criminal in there, is there?" 
"No."
"They may not be as clean as they appear. Harkness was powerful; he could have had his and Junior’s records expunged. We’ll never find out, I guess. But at least we know that none of them are congenital lawbreakers. That’s worth something.”
“And while you were consorting with professional gamblers, I called Morans in Utica. I talked to the bartender who worked New Years Eve. He remembered Junior well. Apparently he made a total ass of himself and was evicted. The barkeep said he hit on every woman in the bar and started fights with their dates. The bouncer broke them up and ousted our boy. Furthermore, he banned him from the place forever. So, we know he was there. He may have told us the truth for once.”
“What time did they run him off?”
“The bartender thought not long after midnight.”
“If he came straight back here, he was in town in time to shoot the windows out,” Shard said.
“He may have been in a rotten enough mood to have done anything. Maybe Johnsen’s right, he did it as a prank.”
“Whose prank?” Johnsen asked as he cased the overturned wastebasket.
“Junior’s,” Periwinkle said. “He was thrown out of Moran’s on New Year’s Eve, in time to take target practice at his family’s windows.”
“Speaking of that, I roused Kennedy from his slumbers in the lab and he had the answers you wanted.”
“He was working this afternoon?” Shard asked.
“We are, why shouldn’t he?” Johnsen said. “Anyway, here’s the skinny –“
“Skinny?” Periwinkle asked.
“Yeah, an old saying that I think originated in New York’s oil regions. Don’t ask me why, but to continue, the skinny is that he found sixteen bullets, six at the ex’s, six at Debra’s, and four at Junior’s.”
Maybe Junior was reluctant to shoot up his own place,” Shard said.
“Who knows?” Johnsen said. “Kennedy’s sure that they all came from the same rifle. He’s willing to testify to that in court.”
“What caliber?” Shard asked.
“.22. Which means they might have been fired from the ex’s rifle, the one that was stolen.”
“Bet you dollars to donuts, they were,” Shard said.
“Are those skinny dollars and donuts, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
Shard ignored her attack on his second cliché of the year. “What about the boot prints?”
“All he could give us were his impressions, no pun intended. He thinks they were the same boots, about size 10. Says he’s eighty percent sure.”
“Did he estimate the shooting distances?”
“Yup. Hard to be sure exactly, but he guesses that the closest range was at Gloria’s, about 120 yards away. At the other two he fired from farther out, probably about 150 yards or so. Nowhere did the shooter walk closer to the houses. Kennedy’s sure of that.”
“That’s a long way to try to hit a target with a .22,” Shard said. “He had to be a pretty good shot even to hit the windows, and damned lucky to cut Gloria with the glass shards.”
“To conclude my report, Boss, the world’s second best sergeant detective,” Johnsen flashed Periwinkle a knowing smile, “called all three victims to pin down the timing. The skinny here is that when people are shot at, they don’t notice the time. But the sequence of calls to headquarters appears to be right. Gloria was first, right at four a.m. Debra was next, about 4.30, and Junior finished the night off around 5.00, just before first light. So the whole routine took the shooter about an hour and a half, certainly no longer than two hours.”
“That’s pretty tight,” Shard said. “He had to drive from target to target and get out, set up, fire, and leave. They aren’t close to one another and he didn’t run away from the scenes, he just walked off. Calm soul, certainly calmer than I would have been if I had been blasting the backs off houses and the cops were one target behind me. Almost sounds like a professional job.”
“Interesting point, Boss,” Periwinkle said. “But we’re short on professionals in Leyden, there’s not enough business here for them.”
“That’s because we’re so good at what we do,” Johnsen said.
“That’s not what I was getting at. There are professionals and then there are professionals – ”
“Thanks for that astute observation, Periwinkle. I’ll take that home and mull it over,” Shard said.
“No, Boss, you didn’t understand. You’re thinking professional criminals, hit men and the like. But what about veterans, guys who have been under fire, guys who are expert riflemen? Marine types? Scabies?”
“You mean Seabees?” Johnsen asked.
“Whatever. Those guys are professional shooters, would they be spooked? They shoot and casually walk away, cool as a cucumber.”
“If clichés solved crimes, we’d be the premier crime-fighting outfit in the state,” Shard said. “But I like your thinking. Problem is, it takes Junior out of the picture. Even the army wouldn’t have looked at that wastrel twice. We don’t even know if he can use a rifle.”
“Can’t anyone with dollop of common sense know the bullet comes out the hole shoot one?’ Periwinkle asked.
“I suppose, but could he do anything except spray the back of the houses with bullets? And he had to reload. Does Junior know how? We need to find that out early next week when the twerp finally wakes up.”
“In the meantime, if you haven’t noticed, the weekend is upon us,” Shard said.
“It’s almost gone, Boss,” Johnsen said.
“That too. And we’re beaten. So lass and laddie, let’s hit the road. But there are a couple of things we need to do before we reconvene in this spacious office on Monday.”
“Homework, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
“Exactly, but blame it on the Kaiser and his social contacts. Remember when he left here New Year’s morning and went to the country club? Well, he leaned into the judge over their morning libations and had him sign an order to release the December phone records from Junior’s condo. Here they are. Shelly slipped them away from the phone company yesterday. Don’t ask me how. Your homework guys, is to vet these,” Shard said as he dumped the pile in Periwinkle’s lap. “Probably lots of calls on them, Harkness’s ex looks like the telephone type. But we’re interested in that Christmas Eve call Junior made to Toronto. If it was for five minutes at 10 p.m., then he had plenty of time to get an ice pick and stab his father. I’ll talk to Dank to see if Harkness fired some bi-polar veteran of the Special Forces who’s still on the loose.”
“That’s all you’re going to do over the weekend, Boss? Talk to Dank, while we run hundreds of inconsequential phone calls down?” Periwinkle asked.
“No, I have something much more important to do.”
“What’s that?”
“Start my Morgan.”
Sunday Afternoon
 “Norseman, what’s Rita’s last name?”
“Rita who?”
“You know, Junior’s Toronto squeeze.”
“Why are you calling now? I’m watching the Steelers and the Colts and it’s tied in the third quarter. Where are you, anyway?”
“I’m in our office doing my homework and this is interesting.”
“I’ll bet it’s not half as interesting as Peyton Manning’s passing attack.”
“Just answer the question, will you?”
“Truth is I don’t know. I don’t think Junior ever said. All I remember is that she’s brown or something. Some mixture his mother wouldn’t approve of. Maybe Hispanic. Why do you want to know? All the Boss wants is whether he made the call to Toronto that made it impossible for him to skewer his beloved father.”
“Oh, he made the call all right. It lasted almost three hours.”
“Well, there you are. Make a note of that and go home and catch the last of the Steelers’ game.”
“It ain’t that simple, Norseman. He didn’t call anyone in Toronto. I traced the number and he called someone in Kitchener.”
“Kitchener what?”
“Kitchener, Ontario.”
“Where’s that?”
“On my map, it looks to be about forty or fifty miles west of Toronto.”
“Close enough. So, what’s the problem?”
“It made me a little suspicious. So I accessed –“
“Don’t tell me Periwinkle. You broke into restricted records again. That Harley guy, the one with the beaker and Bunsen burner on the back of his leather jacket, corrupted your morals. I don’t want to know what laws you’ve broken until I see how this game comes out.”
“Are you listening? I accessed Ontario’s public health records –“
“You can’t do that! My God we’ll be in a Canadian jail for the rest of the winter. Have you any idea how cold it must get in Kitchener in January? And there aren’t any women in the men’s penitentiary. How am I going to keep warm?”
“And discovered the family at that address has a mama bear, papa bear, and two female baby bears. The baby bears aren’t really babies any more, they’re in their twenties. Neither of them is named Rita.”
“That’s strange. Maybe one of them was on Nevis and she gave Junior a fake name. Smart move, now that I think about it.”
“Perhaps, but I also got to thinking. Does Kitchener sound like a place with lots of brown people? And forget the Hispanic name, this family is named Thompson. Its daughters are Susan and Fay. How much more English can you get?”
“So, they’re brown English people from somewhere in the Commonwealth.”
“Possible but I think I’ll call to see if they know a Rita. Or maybe one of them uses Rita as a nickname. People are strange about names. Look a those odd families that name their sons Knut.”
“I’ll have you know, little purple flower, Knut is a very old Viking name. The sagas are full of Knuts. For example, in the – “
“I’ll take your word for it. Enjoy the rest of the game. I’ll try to get home before it’s over.”
Sunday Afternoon
 “Norseman, is the game over?”
“It’s the fourth quarter and still tied. The Steelers are on the Colt’s twenty. Why are you bothering me again?”
“I called the Thompsons and talked to Edgar. Neither of his daughters is named Rita. He doesn’t know any Ritas. Both his daughters were home for the holidays, but have left. One works in London, that’s London, Ontario, and the other in New York City. As far as he knows neither has ever been to Nevis. In fact, he’s never heard of Nevis. I didn’t ask if he were brown, but he didn’t sound like it to me.”
“You called to tell me this? The Steelers are on the eight. This may be the game.”
“Norseman, listen to me. Here’s the punch line. Fay brought a friend home from New York for Christmas, a girl, a brown girl, not named Rita.”
“Well, that explains it. Aw, Jeez, it’s fourth and one on the Colt’s two yard line.”
“Why do you care Norseman?”
“Money, my little flower. I’ve got ten bucks on the Steelers by six. I’m within seventy two inches of winning. But it looks like it’s going to last until Wednesday. The Steelers just called a time out.”
“Good, that’ll give you time to listen to me. I’m going to wander into cyberspace to see what I can find on this girl.”
“What’s her name?”
“Robyn Herring.”
“Like the fish?”
“The same.”
“That doesn’t sound Hispanic.”
“You’re the one who said she probably was. I didn’t. Worse, Robyn is spelled R-o-b-y-n.”
“Wait a minute. The Steelers are lining up. They’ll run a trick play I bet. Yup, fullback right up the middle. Got fifty inches at best. Colts take over on their own twenty-inch line with under a minute to play. I can’t stand an overtime. What were you saying?”
“Robyn Herring. I’m going to find out who she is.
“Good luck. Bye.”
Sunday Afternoon
 “Norseman, is the game still on?”
“Just over. The Steelers lost in overtime by a field goal. I just lost my lunch money for the week. Would you loan me ten bucks? It costs a fortune to feed me.”
“If you’ll listen to me for two minutes, I’ll give you ten bucks. I’ve hit pay dirt. I checked with the airlines and found that Ms. Herring sat next to Junior on the flight from St. Kitts to New York on the 19th. We have the right girl, even if she has the wrong name.”
“I think I like Rita Fish better than Bird Fish, especially when it’s misspelled.”
“Get serious, will you? The Boss is going to love this. I checked with the U.S. Government. Ms. Fish is a citizen of our fair country, born in Brooklyn, some twenty-eight years ago.”
“Doesn’t that make her a tad old for Junior? What’s he, about twenty-four?”
“What’s three years when you’re lying half-naked on the white sands of Nevis? Especially if she’s as skilled in the arts of seduction, as Junior proclaims. I’ve got an idea. I’ll slip past this porous firewall and use a friend of mine’s computer password to enter her social security number here.”
“You’re using her social security number? Periwinkle, that’s patently illegal. We’re going to do time in Kitchener and not in the same cell either.”
“I’ve hit the mother lode, Norseman. The printer is spewing paper all over the place. Ms. Rita has quite a history. I think you ought to strap on your chain mail and sail your short boat down here. This is good stuff.”
“That’s a cheap shot, Periwinkle.”
Sunday Afternoon
“This better be good my little flower. It’s almost happy hour in my favorite watering holes and my liver is starting to palpitate 
“Forget your liver, it’s always palpitating. Wait until you read this stuff. Our little Ms. Fish is one tough girl, too much for Junior. And at the risk of another pun, something about this is fishy as hell. Read this.”
“You broke into the Secret Service files? You’re out of your mind. That’s a federal rap.”
“Not a chance. I used my friend’s computer to get in.”
“Oh, nice. He goes to jail instead. I hope I’m not your friend.”
“Cut the blather. Notice our friend was in the secret service only eight months. What does that suggest?”
“She didn’t like it? They didn’t like her? She did something cagey? I don’t know. I agree it does seem like an abbreviated career.”
“Look at her training records. She went through some really tough stuff and graded well. Look at her martial arts scores, second in her class. I’ll bet her class included men, big ones. She ranked fourth in marksmanship. This lady knows how to use guns, including rifles. Suggest anything?”
“Why would she want to shoot Leyden up? I don’t see anything to connect her to Leyden, except Junior. Did she want to kill him? If so, she looks like the kind of woman would blow into town, do the job efficiently, step over his carcass without a qualm, and leave. I can’t see any connection to Gloria and Debra, except maybe through Junior. That’s a stretch though.”
“You’re asking the right questions. Keep reading. The last couple of pages are interesting.”
“She owns her own detective agency. On Fifth Avenue? That’s pretty ritzy.”
“Not a detective agency, Norseman, a security consulting agency. I assume she trains other people to protect their whatevers, or maybe supplies trained agents to do it for them.”
“You think she paid for someone to come here to kill Junior, Gloria, Debra, or Harkness?”
“I’m not suggesting anything. But this is rife with possibilities. Our Robyn is trained to kill people and is in the business of advising others on how to kill or keep from being killed. She’s dangerous. I’m still trolling through the secret service files. I want to know why she left when she seemed a natural for the work.”
“While you’re doing that, I have to assuage my protesting liver and I owe it to my adoring public to make an appearance tonight.”
“Wait a minute, wait a minute, don’t leave. I’ve found what I’m looking for. Oh, sweet, our Ms. Herring was asked to leave. No, not quite true. She was told to leave for lying under oath about why she shot an informer while off duty. Another agent was involved, a guy named Adolph Shryock. Now, there’s a moniker for you.”
“It’s German, I’d guess, although I can’t imagine a Kraut in the world who would name his kid Adolph. But you never know.”
“It seems either Herring or Shryock shot the guy. They both said they didn’t. The service said one of them was a liar and fired both.”
“That seems a bit Draconian. They should have called us, we could have solved it.”
“Luckily the guy is named Shryock. There can’t be more than two of them in the country, ought to be easy to find.”
“I’ll bet he’s a blackjack dealer at a scrubby casino in Atlantic City where he deals from the bottom of the deck because the old ladies are too blind to see it.”
“Wrong, second best Leyden detective. I’ve found him. He’s security chief for a large corporation. And you’re going to love which one. Take a guess.”
“It must be obvious then. A company with huge profits and a security problem. Or maybe a bad reputation. Am I close?”
“Strangely, in a couple of respects you are.”
“OK, I have it. Halliburton.”
“Wrong. General Paper Corporation.”
“As in the General Paper that wants to buy our Northern Paper company? The Boss’ll love this”
“But his bio is almost boring. Married, two kids, lives in Heathcote, New York, a tony suburb.”
“Yeah, and I’ll bet his wife’s a blonde with a cell phone surgically implanted in her left ear. At least one of his kids plays soccer. Right?”
“Hold on. I’m in General Paper’s human resource files and evidently they didn’t require that he list his wife’s hair color or his children’s athletic talents. He has a college degree though, Fordham, not shabby.”
“I would have thought the Jesuits would have trained their students not to lie, especially under oath, or at least to lie convincingly when they had to.” 
“Cynic.”
“It’s my liver problem. The only way I can cure it is to invite you for dinner at Tony’s. Despite the fact that I’m bereft of capital after the Steelers lost. How about it?”
“You mean I have to buy? But I have to admit that I’m starving.”
“Is that an enthusiastic yes, Periwinkle?”
“I like Tony’s.”
Sunday Night
They nursed their beers and watched the candle flicker in the Chianti bottle.
“I’ve always liked this place,” Periwinkle said.
“When you plunk a Norse god down in an Italian restaurant you create an irresistible force. It’s a known fact.”
“Sorry, but it’s the candle and the food that does it for me. Why don’t we order with our next round? How about the vegetarian pizza? We can share it. It was good last time.”
“Oh boy, a dinner without meat. You know we Norse don’t eat veggies. We like our plates heaped with bloody protein. But, go ahead, even though I can’t picture Ms. Fish and Shryock sharing a vegetarian pizza in a joint with a red-checkered tablecloth.”
“Your Norse ancestors didn’t have plates. They ate off their laps with their bare hands. It’s a miracle that any of them lived long enough to breed.”
“That’s hurtful,” Johnsen said, as their beers arrived.
“We’ve really added another dimension to this case this afternoon,” Periwinkle said.
“Yeah, it’s much more complicated and maybe tied into something that happened far from here.”
“Maybe it had nothing to do with Harkness. He wasn’t in Nevis and I’ll wager he knew nothing of Ms. Herring and the Kraut. Do you think something Junior did came back to haunt his father? Makes me wonder if old Harkness had something going with Robyn and it backfired on him. He had a reputation for such antics.”
“That’s a stretch. And if Debra is any indication of his romantic inclinations, he favored women closer to his own age. From what little we know of her, I can’t believe she’s his type. Martial arts?”
Johnsen looked up and saw Shard coming towards them.
“I’m starving and have a yen for Italian,” he said. “Mind if I sit with you guys. At least we’d all have chairs.”
“Did you see the Steelers’ game?” Johnsen asked.
“Yeah, it was a great one, wasn’t it? Glad the Colts finally pulled it out. I had a beer bet on the Colts with O’Reilly. Maybe he’ll throw in some free beans and franks. What did you guys order?”
“We’re sharing a veggie pizza,” Johnsen replied in a tone that made it sound like his last supper. 
“Sounds good. I’ll have one too and then we’ll have three on two pizzas. That’ll hold the Norseman’s sinews together until his four breakfasts.”
“You gotta hear what we’ve discovered,” Periwinkle said, and filled him in.
“Does that mean we’ve been on the wrong track the whole time?” Shard asked as he took a sip of his beer. “We wondered if we hadn’t overlooked something. Let’s consider this.”
“We’ve been doing that since the Norseman had his liver troubles earlier.”
“Liver troubles?” Shard asked.
“Yeah. Specifically, liver drought, an illness endemic in Scandinavians.”
“Where do I get you guys? Of all the cops in the country, I hire the oddest. What did you guys decide?”
“We knew you’d ask us that,” she said. “Nothing, but we came up with a tub full of theories.”
“Such as?”
“Ms. Herring can shoot and kill. She’s trained to do it. She’s been on the shady side of the law, or at least says the secret service, and used a fake name with Junior. Thus we suspect her ethics. Could she kill? We think so. Did she? That’s a different question. If she did, why? It must have something to do with Junior. Did he somehow get his father mixed up in his relationship with Rita? We wonder. Did Harkness have an affair with Ms. Fish? We wonder? Oh, and we also wonder if and how Mr. Shryock may fit into the equation. So you can see that we’re very close to solving this. Give us a couple more minutes,” Periwinkle said.
“OK. Every angle you raise is a possibility. We need to break them down into descending probabilities predicated on what we already know. Make sense?”
“Sure, Boss. That’s exactly what I didn’t do when I lost ten bucks on the Steelers’ game.”
“You bet on the Steelers? Good grief, Johnsen, I’ll think of you while I drink my free beer and eat my beans and franks.”
“Thanks,” Johnsen said as the waitress placed two huge pizzas on the table.
“Now,” Shard said after he arranged a mouthful of mushrooms and cheese. “There are two ways to approach this. The first is to assume the romantic thing between Junior and Ms. Herring and maybe his father that somehow went wrong. I always come back to that ice pick. Despite Periwinkle’s doubts, I still think that’s a woman’s weapon, close, clean, and deadly. Now have three suspect women. Gloria?”
“I think she’d do it in an eye flick,” Johnsen said. “She’s vicious.”
“I agree,” Periwinkle said. “But she’s not trained. Robyn is. Personally, I think it’d be hard to kill someone when I’m that close. I’d rather shoot from twenty feet. But then, I haven’t had to do either.”
“How about Debra?” Shard asked.
“Never,” Johnsen said. “Look into her eyes, she was in love with the guy.”
“What if love turned to hate?” Periwinkle asked.
“Maybe, but her eyes told me that she didn’t hate him. She worshipped the guy. It can’t be her.”
“What if Harkness told her Christmas Eve afternoon that their affair was over as Gloria claims he promised he was going to do? Would Debra kill then?” Shard asked.
“No way,” Johnsen said. “I think she’d be crushed and collapse. Cry a lot. From my vast experience with women, I think she’s that type.”
“We don’t know Robyn, but her training puts her in the picture,” Shard said. “Now, the second possibility is that the murder has something to do with the sale of Northern. Mr. Slylock lends credence –“
“It’s Shryock, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“Ok, ok, but General Paper is in the buyout picture. Collins told me that. But why would the security chief at General Paper have anything to do with negotiations to buy Northern. Even if he did, where does Ms. Herring fit into the puzzle, assuming she does? The only explanation that comes to mind is that Shrock is somehow in cahoots with Collins and Feldon and maybe Dank, to stop the sale or speed it up. If they paid Shylock to take Harkness out and he looked up his old secret service pal to do the job…. Aw that’s really far fetched. It makes more sense that Ms. Herring is connected to the whole mess through Junior. Romance and money. It’s interesting.”
Periwinkle thought so too, but decided to let it drop. “What did you find out today, Boss?” 
“Nothing this good. I found that I had four loads of dirty laundry to do and my battery is low.”
“How long did you crank your car before it died?” Johnsen asked.
“Not as long as you think, Norseman. Only a couple of minutes. It’s been at least ten days since I’ve driven it. Sometimes it forgets how to run. I bet when I get home the battery will have rejuiced enough to start it right up. English cars are a little idiosyncratic, but that’s what makes them interesting.”
“What makes them interesting, Boss, is the towing charges you have to pay to get the thing back to your barn. Not to mention its lack of heat in the winter,” Johnsen said.
“Or the fact that it doesn’t have roll-up windows,” Periwinkle said.
“It’s a classic,” Shard said with a scowl.
“To change the subject, guys, it’s almost seven o’clock, dark, and cold, and probably snowing. I noticed this morning that “Ladies in Lavender” is on at the Senate Theater. Want to go?”
“Ladies in Lavender? What kind of a girls’ flick is that?” Johnsen asked. “If it were Ladies in Black it might have possibilities. Even Ladies in Periwinkle. I’ll bet there’s not a car chase, bar scene, or a racy costume in the whole flick. But, it might be just the ticket after a vegetarian dinner. I’m in, if you’ll lend me five bucks.”
“Beats going home to a cold house and my laundry,” Shard said. 
“Oh, by the way, I called Dank and asked whether Harkness fired anyone lately who might have gone postal. He said Harkness fired guys all the time but the only one he thought might be a nut case was a guy named Travis Wnuk. It seems Mr. Wnuk has a drinking problem. The only thing he brought to work in his lunch bucket was a quart of Old Crow. Nasty character, according to Dank, loud, profane, arrogant, and huge. Dank wasn’t unhappy to see him leave and the union didn’t protest his dismissal. He’s a local boy so it shouldn’t be too hard to check on him. Good job for you tomorrow, Johnsen.”
“Why do I get all the nasty characters? Even a lady in lavender” would be more interesting.”
Monday Morning
God hasn’t run out of snow, Shard thought, as he sat in his office chair and looked at his wet boots. Luckily, he hasn’t run out of Camels either, he said to himself, as he found one in his pencil holder.
Periwinkle and Johnsen arrived at the same timer and maneuvered through the door to get dibs on the other chair. Periwinkle slithered around Johnsen and won the prize. 
“What did you think of “the Lady in Lavender,” Boss?” he asked. “I thought it had too many old ladies, even if one was Judy Dench. I admit she’s good, but not a woman I’d like to take home.”
“She’s smarter than that, Norseman,” Periwinkle said. “She prefers the brainy types.”
“It was OK, but I spent most of it trying to figure out where we go from here, especially in light of this new Rita. I think Junior is the key, but it’s impossible to get a straight answer out of the toe rag. We could bring him in and break his arm and maybe wring a shred of truth out of him, but the Kaiser would kill us. It’s election year and he’d have Junior’s mama all over him. Although I suspect the 500 people in the mill would automatically vote for him when the word got out. Maybe Debra too.”
“We might wake him up if we broke his arm, Boss,” Johnsen said.
“OK. Here’s the routine for today. Johnsen you chase down this Wnuk character and see where he was at the critical times. I don’t think he’s our man, but we have to check him out. Periwinkle, I know you have a crush on Junior. I want you to talk to him again. Find out if he can shoot anything and see if you can untangle his relationship with the female martial arts expert. There’s more there than we know.”
“That’s not fair Boss. That kid gives me the willies.”
“All right, we’ll switch. You chase down the huge drunk who just got fired and Johnsen will talk to the inert Junior.”
“Well, if you put it that way.”
“What are you going to do, Boss?” Johnsen asked.
“I’ve saved the most dangerous task for myself. I’m going to venture into the dangerous clutches of the mistress to find out why she lied to us about staying at home on Christmas Day. If she’s not truthful about something that minor, what else is she hiding? And why?”
Shard’s phone rang.
“Lieutenant Shard.”
“Neil, what a surprise. Is the seventh one born yet? Oh, eighth. No? Who? I don’t believe this. Tell him we’ll be right over.”
“You guys believe in reruns? Well, we’re off again. Someone shot up Peter Collins’s car in the company parking lot. Periwinkle, give Kennedy a holler and let’s get rolling.”
The phone rang again.
“If this is Hahn again, I’m going to have him fired.”
 “Lieutenant Shard. Who? Good God, again? Tell him we’ll be right over.”
“Check to see if it’s New Year’s morning, will you? Neil reports that someone blasted away at Chuck Feldon’s car in his driveway. Nobody was in either car. What the hell’s going on? This is a bad way to start the week.”
“You take Feldon, Johnsen, and Periwinkle you go out to the mill.”
“And you?”
“I have the most daunting task of all. I’m on my way upstairs to calm the Kaiser down. Don’t forget – “
“It’s election year,” they said in unison.
“Correct.”
Monday Morning
Hida Bluder’s ample bulk blocked the Kaiser’s door. Shard noticed that her shoes were dry. Probably had enough sense to wear her rubbers this morning, he thought.
“Good morning, gorgeous,” He said.
Bluder didn’t even look up. “Haven’t seen you in a while Lieutenant. I don’t suppose your absence has anything to do with the overtime bill the state police sent us? A man named something-Tree sent it along with an impolite note that mentioned your name. Seems he doesn’t like you.”
“I forgot all about that, Hilda. Don’t worry, he’s just wants to scare money out of us. Sit on it for a few months and he’ll forget all about it. I need to talk to the sheriff for a couple minutes, is he free?”
“He’s been waiting for you since Saturday. Enter at your own peril.”
Sheriff Stutzenberger was in exactly the same position as the last time Shard had seen him, before New Year’s Eve. Stuffed into his oversized chair, his pudgy hands crossed over his bulging belly with his fat, stubby fingers intertwined. It was his favored pose.
“It looks like another snowy day today, Sir.”
“It’s been coming down since 9.25 yesterday evening and it’ll keep on until about midnight. Then a high pressure front will sweep through and bring temperatures low enough to freeze the ashes off those Camels you sneak downstairs.”
Shard wondered how the Kaiser found out he smoked in the building. He hadn’t been in his office in years. Bluder would tell him, but she’d never caught him. It had to be Hahn. That’s how he curried favor to get double shifts every day.
“Sir, we’ve had all manner of developments in the Harkness case, but the most recent is that someone is shooting up the town again. Specifically, Peter Collins and Chuck Feldon’s cars. I have Johnsen, Periwinkle, and Kennedy on their way to check it out.”
“Anybody hurt?”
“That’s the oddest part. The guy shot at empty cars, just like the houses the other night. He just shoots into things, not at things. We can’t figure out what his game is.”
“This is not good, Lieutenant. I have an election coming up in three months and can’t afford to have bullets flying all over the town, even if the guy can’t hit anything. Someday he might get lucky and kill one of my biggest contributors. You’ve got to stop this.”
“I’m on it, sir. We have evidence that Harkness’s murder and the house shootings may be tied in with a couple of people in New York City, at least one of whom knows Harold Harkness,” and Shard detailed the rest of what he knew.
The Kaiser’s phone rang.
“Sheriff Stutzenberger. It’s for you Lieutenant.”
“Lieutenant Shard. What do you mean Neil, he’s in the car? Driving it while he’s shooting? Get the patrol guys out there and keep me informed, will you?”
“Someone shot at Dank Higgins while he’s in his car. Dank is the shop steward at the mill. Neil says he’s not far from the plant right now. This is very different from the other shootings. I don’t understand.”
“What I understand is that bullets are flying on my streets only ninety days before election. Get out there and calm things down or this time next year we’ll both be drinking in the morning with the rummies at Schuylers.”
“Yes, sir.”

CHAPTER 8
Even More
Monday Morning
 “Where are they now. Neil?” Shard asked as he scanned the lumps of detritus that had taken root on his desk. 
“The guys are chasing the shooter up route 12, sir. Grey Impala, newish, they said. One man in it.”
“Which way?”
“Towards town, sir.”
“Wonderful, a car chase up Tilden Avenue just as the stores open.”
“That’s not going to happen, sir. We have a roadblock at the intersection of Tilden and Route 12. He can’t get into town.”
“Good. I’m on my way out there. Call me if something happens.”
Shard unfastened he shotgun as he drove down Tilden as fast as he dared go without his bubble light on. No need to scare people, he figured, not in an election year. 
He stopped behind two squad cars that blocked Route 12. Two deputies, one of whom was Duffy, stood well back from their vehicles.
“Duffy are you always around when everything is going to hell in a hand basket?” Shard asked.
“It seems that way, sir.”
“Henry Polk, the other deputy, was so new that it took Shard a moment to recognize him.
“Henry, how long have you been in the department?”
“Three weeks, sir.”
“My, how time flies. Now, look, if this guy tries to run through us, let him go. The tack tracks will deflate his tires and then we’ll have him.”
“The what, sir?”
“You guys haven’t laid out spike strips?”
“We don’t have any,” Duffy said.
“Have you checked your trunks? They should be in there.”
“Henry flipped his trunk open. Are they these things with sharp points?”
“You got it. Lay them across the highway. With the points up. You too, Duffy.”
A few moments later an Impala came towards them, not going as fast as Shard had feared. Shard saw that the car wasn’t gray, it was silver. It rolled to a stop just in front of the spike strips.
Shard yelled at the driver to keep both hands on the steering wheel where he could see them while he made a circle and approached the driver from the back. He eased up behind the driver’s left shoulder and saw Junior, who looked stunned, sitting with both hands on the wheel.
“Where are you going, Mr. Harkness?” 
“To see mother.”
“Isn’t this a little early for you to be up?”
Junior stared straight ahead and didn’t answer.
“Is that a rifle in the back?”
“Yeah.”
“What are you doing with it?” 
“After somebody shot my condo up, I needed some protection. So, I got one of my father’s rifles and threw it in the back.”
“What caliber is it?”
“It’s a .22.”
“How fortuitous. Would you be the one who shot at Peter Collins, Chuck Feldon, and Dank Higgins this morning?”
‘Who? Why would I shoot them?”
Shard heard Neil on his car radio. “Lieutenant? Are you there? We have the shooter stopped at our blockade. Do you hear me?”
“Henry, tell Hahn that I’m here.”
“Harold, I think we need to have a little talk at headquarters. I’ll give you a ride, at county expense.”
“You have any coffee there?”
Monday, Late Morning
Shard took Junior to his office and handed him a cup of coffee.
“OK, Harold, what the hell were you up to this morning? Do you realize you could have killed Mr. Higgins?”
“I didn’t shoot at anyone.”
“You’re telling me that you never fired that rifle in your back seat?”
“Yup.”
“Frankly, I don’t believe you. Somebody reported he saw you shoot at Mr. Higgins and then speed away.”
“I drove slow. I wasn’t in a hurry.”
“Yeah, I bet. And on the way you decided to shoot at Mr. Collins’s car and then Mr. Feldon’s.”
“Why would I want to? It makes no sense. I want mother’s lawyer. You’re harassing me.”
“There’s the phone. In the meantime, I’ve sent your rifle to the lab to see if it fired the bullets we dug out of the three houses and the cars. We’ll know in a couple of hours. In the meantime, we’ll sit here and chat about several interesting topics.”
“You can tell if the bullets came from father’s gun?”
“Without a shadow of doubt and the evidence will hold up in court.”
Junior shifted in his chair, slouched farther down, and refused to make eye contact with Shard. He looked at Shard’s telephone and seemed to try to make up his mind about something.
Shard waited.
“I didn’t shoot at any houses. Somebody shot at mine.”
“Oh?” 
“I didn’t.”
“OK, what about the cars this morning?”
“That’s different. You’ll find out that the bullets came from my rifle, but I’m not responsible.”
I can believe that, Shard thought.
“Someone else fired your rifle and then dumped it in your backseat?”
“No exactly.” Harold balanced his empty cup precariously on the edge of the desk.
Shard maintained eye contact and pried a Camel from under the top of his stapler.
“Why don’t you tell me who was responsible?”
“Debra. She gave me the rifle and told me to do it, but said not to hurt anyone.”
“Why?”
“She said that one of those guys killed my father and I should help catch him.”
“Which one?”
“She doesn’t know. Can I have more coffee?”
“In a minute. Why did she want you to shoot at empty cars?”
“To scare them. Make them think we know who killed my father. Then the guilty one might do something stupid and we’d know who it was.”
“Really? How did she convince you to take part in this cockamamie scheme? You aren’t that stupid, are you?”
“You don’t understand.”
“No, I don’t. Enlighten me.”
“She got to me at the wrong time.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, we were getting it on and she asked me to do it just as it was all coming together. If you get my drift.”
“While you were having sex she asked you to shoot at the cars?”
“Yeah. She’s damned good in bed. Nobody could say no to a woman that hot.”
“Didn’t you have second thoughts about this after you were finished?”
“She promised me more sex afterwards as payment for helping her out. Since I’m stuck in this hole I might as well have some fun. And she’s a lot of fun, I tell you.”
“You’d kill someone for sex?”
“I didn’t kill anyone, I just shot holes in their cars.”
“You shot at Mr. Higgins. You could’ve killed him.”
“I didn’t mean to. His car wasn’t in the lot and I was in a hurry to get this over and get back to Debra. As I drove out of the lot I saw him coming up the road. I took a couple of quick shots and drove on. I’m a good shot, I wouldn’t hit him.”
“What makes you think you’re that good a shot?”
“Mother made me take skeet lessons when I was a kid. The teacher said I was a natural.”
“Did you wonder why Debra wanted you to do this?”
“She wants revenge. The guy ruined her life. She’s got a pretty good one out there, nice house and car and all that. And a really hot bed the she knows how to use.”
“Yeah. Yeah. How did she get the rifle?”
“She took it from father’s house.”
“How’d she get in?”
“Father gave her a key after mother moved out. They met there sometimes.”
Johnsen burst through the door and was disappointed to see that Harold had the other chair.
“Oh, sorry Boss.”
“No, don’t leave. What did you find at Feldon’s?”
Johnsen gave Junior a quick glance. “Three nice, neat holes in his car. Kennedy had no trouble finding the slugs and thinks they’re .22s like the ones from the other morning. He said he’d check to see if they came from the same rifle.”
“I’ve sent the rifle that I found in Harold’s car down to the lab.” 
“Really?” Johnsen looked at junior with a satisfied grin. “Really?”
“Yeah, really. We stopped Harold at a roadblock after he took two pot shots at Dank.”
“Why?”
  “Tell you later. In the meantime, Harold, I’m releasing you for the time being. I suggest you explain all this to your mother. I’m sure she’ll want to call her lawyer.”
“I don’t get another coffee?”
“They have much better stuff at Patels.”
Monday Noon
 “Why’d you let that little skink go? Don’t we have probable cause to hold him?”
“Where can he go? We have his passport. I hold him his mother will be down here in two nanoseconds snapping at the Kaiser. Then he would drive me crazy. You know this is – “
“I know, election year.”
“Right. But I had an enlightened conversation with Junior, Norseman, and I’m starving. Let’s go over to Schuylers. Maybe I can collect my free franks and beans today.”
Periwinkle appeared as they headed for the door.
“Where are you guys going?”
“Schuylers. We’re starved. Want to come?”
“Sure. Maybe they have something besides franks and beans. A fresh salad would be a welcome change.”
Shard frowned. Beautiful woman, great hair, but no taste, he decided.
Under the moose head with O’Reilly’s Camel, Shard outlined his conversation with Harold.
“That doesn’t make any sense,” Johnsen said. “I don’t care how great the sex is, it wouldn’t make me go shoot people. You’d have to be a moron to do such a thing.”
“Well?” Periwinkle asked.
“I agree, it’s hardly plausible,” Shard said. “What did you find out about this guy Wnuk? Any possibilities there?”
“I don’t know. He’s a real nut case. He was already half stoned when I got to his apartment. What a dump. He lives on the south side in a dilapidated old Victorian house. Two rooms, shabby, and overheated. The guy’s a Viet Nam vet and I think he left all his marbles there. That’s all he talks about. To hear him tell it, he killed all the Viet Cong himself.”
“So he’d find it easy to kill Harkness?” Periwinkle asked.
“I don’t know. He told me he hated Harkness for firing him but admitted that he got drunk at work all the time. He swore he didn’t kill him and has an alibi.”
“What is it?” Shard asked.
“He spent Christmas with his sister in Rochester and didn’t get back until yesterday. Before you ask, I called her and she corroborated his story and gave me a lecture on how the war ruined a perfectly good kid. She told me how much he drank and smoked over the holidays. She made it seem as if it was my fault. Unless she’s lying, and I don’t think she is, Wnuk for all his hostility and talents with a rifle, is out of the picture.”
“I never thought he was a prime suspect,” Shard said, “but we had to check him out. If we were only dealing with Harkness’s murder I’d be inclined to look at Wnut more closely. But somebody out there has a broader agenda.”
“Junior told you it was Debra ordered the shooting for revenge. That’s a pretty good motive if you ask me,” Periwinkle said.
“I agree, but it’s too simple.”
“How so?”
“Put yourself in her shoes. If you wanted to find your lover’s killer, would you shoot up people close to him? Why shoot at her house? When I arrived at her place New Year’s morning I guarantee you she hadn’t been out in the snow. She was dressed in a flimsy nightgown. Besides, we think the shooter was at Junior’s house while I was at Debra’s. I think we have two somethings and they’ve got to be related. I just don’t see how.”
“If so, Boss,” Johnsen said, “the two overlap only at one point, Harkness. Look, he’s killed. That’s one. We have the shootings that don’t seem random, but half are at people close to Harkness. Later we have more aimed at his business associates. Why?”
“Good point, Norseman,” Shard said as he forked the last of the pork and beans in his mouth. “Boy, these were good.”
“Not as good as my salad. Look, this is a piece of avocado. It doesn’t get any better than that.”
Shard and Johnsen stared at the green lump as if it were a squid’s eye.
Periwinkle ignored them. “What you say makes sense, Boss. One guy killed with an ice pick, an intimate weapon. And six shootings. Does that sound like one person? I don’t think so.”
“That brings me back to the question, is an ice pick a woman’s weapon of choice? If so, we may presume that we’ve a male and a female to find. If we knew that, it would make it easier,” Shard said.
“I don’t know,” Johnsen said. “You assume that Junior told you the truth about Debra. I don’t think so, because I can’t picture her in the sack with that cretin. I can believe that she’s on a crusade to find Harkness’s murderer. I can also believe that she would use Junior to do her dirty work. And I suppose that she might have hooked him with the promise of sex, but I don’t think she’d ever come through.”
“You’re hung up on Debra’s virtue, Norseman,” Periwinkle said. “Why? She was a mistress, not a nun. Why wouldn’t she use her skills to ply another man to gain her ends?”
“At the risk of your guffaws, I think I know women, and she’s the kind, warm, motherly type, not the pick up or the one night stand type.”
“OK, if you say so. I have no doubt you understand certain types of women,” Periwinkle said with a broad smile.
“Now that we’ve gotten through the meal without a single reference to the Viking hordes, let’s set the afternoon’s agenda. Wnuk’s out of the picture, Debra’s still in, Junior got caught red handed, and the mill folks are involved in all this. And there’s Charbeneau, but I think cold-blooded murder isn’t his forte.”
“Don’t forget Rita, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“Yeah. She intrigues me. I want you to get her address and phone number and I’ll call Cooper at the Albany state police barracks and ask him get the New York City police to check on her. Cooper owes me one.”
“The last time you mentioned him, Boss, you said you owed him big time,” Periwinkle said.
“Did I?”
“Yup.”
“Well, the Christmas bottle of single malt tilted our obligations in my favor.”
“After I get that set up, Periwinkle, I want you to pursue it with the New York police.”
“And Norseman you’ll get another chance to divine the moral center of Ms. Debra. We’ll go over there for a chat about truth, revenge, and sex.”
“Sounds interesting Boss.”
Monday Afternoon
On the way to Debra’s house, Johnsen said, “I was thinking, Boss, you’re right. I didn’t explain how this fit into a relevant saga. I think Egil’s Saga is the right one. Remember when Egil escaped to England and was caught in the king’s clutches? And his queen didn’t like Egil and sought revenge? Well – “
“Here we are,” Shard said. “Can you hold that pearl?”
Debra took them to the back of the house where the shattered windows were covered with sheets of plywood.
“The glass people said that the windows were thick or in sheets or something and they would have to have them custom made. Now when I sit in here I have to turn the lights on.”
“You mean the windows were thermo paned?” Johnsen said.
“That what it was, yes.”
“That will take some time,” Shard said. “In the meantime we have a couple of questions we’d like to ask.”
“Sure, go ahead.”
“You told Johnsen, or maybe me, that you stayed home Christmas morning because you expected Mr. Harkness to call. Is that right?”
“Yes.”
“But we discovered that you were at Christmas mass at the Good Shepard.”
“I must have forgotten.”
“Wouldn’t you have remembered that you went Christmas? Particularly after we told you we thought Mr. Harkness was killed the night before.”
“I suppose, but it was such a shock to learn that Stephen was dead.”
“You attended the same church as Mr. Harkness. Wasn’t that a little dicey with his wife there every Sunday?”
“A little, but it gave me a chance to see him and be with him. I don’t think Gloria suspected anything. Maybe some of the parishioners did, but they wouldn’t say anything.”
Debra nervously spun a sterling silver charm bracelet on her dark gold sweater.
“OK, let me ask you about the three shootings this morning at cars owned by Mr. Harkness’s mill managers. We caught Harold with a .22 rifle in his back seat He denied he’d fired into the houses, but said that you asked him to shoot at the cars.”
“What? That’s nonsense. Why would I want to shoot anybody’s car? Why would he?”
“His explanation is that you’re out to avenge Mr. Harkness’s murder and think Collins, Feldon, or Higgins did it. You want to scare them into doing something stupid that would reveal who is guilty.”
“That doesn’t make any sense. That stupid something might be to kill me.”
“There’s more. Harold said that you and he are having an affair and that you asked him to shoot the cars during sex. He says that’s why he couldn’t refuse, especially after you promised him more sex if he did it.”
“That’s sick! I loved his father. He’s an immature kid. If I thought that someone at the mill killed Steve, I’d and shoot him myself. Harold’s wants to save his own skin.”
“Do you have a key to Mr. Harkness’s house?” Shard asked.
“Yes. He gave it to me after Gloria moved out. Sometimes it was more convenient for us to meet there. He liked to have me there when he got home. Often, I cooked his dinner for him and he’d tell me how his day went.”
“Did you know he had firearms in the house?”
“Sure. They were in his office closet, some rifles and shotguns.”
“Harold said you took the .22 rifle from the house and gave it to him. Did you?”
“I’m scared to death of guns, I wouldn’t want one around here.”
“Have you ever fired a rifle?”
“Years ago my uncle took me out behind his house and I shot at an old barrel he used to burn trash. I hit it every time and I remember he congratulated me. I probably stood so close that I couldn’t have missed. I was maybe thirteen or fourteen. I haven’t held one since.”
“Did you go to Owenby’s office this morning to hear the will read?”
“I did.”
“And?” Shard asked.
“I suspect you already know, Lieutenant. Steve was nice enough to leave me this house, my car, and the wonderful things he bought me. I was surprised.”
“Was Gloria there?”
“Yes.”
“And her response?”
“She didn’t say anything. I expected her to turn on me, but she didn’t. She just walked out. Slammed the door though.”
“Was Junior there?” Johnsen asked.
“He was.”
“Was he mentioned in the will?”
“No, but his mother takes care of him and as long as she inherits the bulk of the estate, he’s OK.”
“Did he leave with his mother?” Shard asked.
“Yes, it was a short, surprisingly short, meeting.”  
“What time was it?”
“8:30 this morning. Pretty early.”
“I agree,” Shard said.
Monday Afternoon
 “What did you think now, Norseman?” Shard asked on the way back.
“I’d believe Debra before that scum. Like she said, Junior’s too young for her. She loved his father, I still believe that.”
“Did you detect anything that bent your nose out of true?”
“Only one. If Harold was at the lawyer’s office this morning then he must have shot up the cars afterwards. He told us he was on his way to his mother’s, but he’d just seen her.”
“Unless he was headed back to his mother’s.”
“Could be, I suppose.”
“Or unless his mother asked him to scare the mill guys to further some scheme she’s concocted.”
“I guess that’s a possibility too.”
“She had access to the rifle. She could’ve taken it out and given it to Junior.”
“Makes sense.” 
“Think back over Debra’s answers, especially after I told her that Junior claimed she lured him into doing it during a bout in bed. Remember?”
“Yes.”
“What was it that she didn’t say?”
Johnsen looked out at the snow scape. The soot-colored clouds promised to refresh the mantle that already lay on the ground.
“She didn’t say it was true. But that’s not want you want, is it?”
“Nope.”
“I give up.”
“She didn’t deny that she had sex with Junior. She only led us to believe it was improbable, he was too young, too immature, and she’d rather shoot the killer herself. She also didn’t deny that she’d asked him to shoot while they were in a tangle of bedclothes. She just wanted us to think that she didn’t. Now she can maintain with a straight face that she didn’t lie to us.
“I missed that. I took her at face value.”
Shard winced at the cliché.
“Maybe she thinks and speaks in a roundabout way, a lot of women do. They never say exactly what they mean. I’ll bet mistresses, more than most, have to be elusive. That make any sense?”
Shard pulled into his parking space.
“I suppose, but wouldn’t it have been a helluva lot easier for her to say it’s all balderdash because I’ve never been in bed with the creep? Therefore, I couldn’t have asked him to do anything under the influence of passion.”
“I guess, but maybe that’s what she was saying, in her own way.”
“Bosh. She lied by omission.”
Monday Afternoon
Shard opened the air conditioner vent in the back of the car’s armrest and fished out a Camel. Upstairs he claimed his desk chair because of the unwritten rule that if they arrived together he had first pick of chairs. 
Neil Hahn came in with a folder. “Lieutenant, Sergeant Kennedy dropped this by an hour or so ago and asked that I bring it up to you.”
“Thanks Neil. Are you working second shift tonight?”
“Have to Lieutenant, my kids need shoes. They wear lots of them in the winter.”
“I bet, thanks.”
“Look here Johnsen. Kennedy says that all the bullets came from Junior’s rifle. That puts him in the frame.”
“But he swore he didn’t shoot at the houses, Boss.”
“Yeah, I remember. Kennedy dusted the rifle for fingerprints and found Junior’s, mine, and two smudged half-prints that are so small that he thinks they must be a female’s. Now, that’s interesting.”
“If Debra stole the rifle, they might be hers.”
“But they could also be Gloria’s or even the maid’s. But it does keep a woman, in the picture. I assume both prints came from the same person.”
“Seems reasonable.”
“Speaking of women, I wonder if Periwinkle has found anything on Rita? Did you see her when we came in?”
“Nope.”
“Do you see that clock up there?”
“Sure. It’s almost five o’clock.”
“What does that tell you?”
“That you’re thinking of Schuylers. Right?”
“Bingo, my Norseman. See you in the morning.”
Monday Evening
Monday wasn’t usually a big night at Schuylers. Tonight it was even sparser because the snow had started, with tiny, almost crystalline flakes. Shard remembered as a kid he loved snow like this; it made his sled whiz like a rocket.
O’Reilly handed Shard a Camel from the plastic pouch behind the Slim Jims. “What’ll you have Lieutenant?”
“I don’t think I properly thanked you for your terrific service on New Year’s Eve. You looked as if you had been born in that tux.”
“Do you know how uncomfortable that damned thing is? I wore it just for your dates. By the way, they were both cute, but I still think the one is too young for you.”
“I’ll keep that in mind my good man while I enjoy my Highland Park double with two ice cubes.”
“Oh, by the way Lieutenant, your favorite lawyer has been waiting for you over there.”
He saw Witry sitting under the moose head, his moose head.
`“The weasel’s at my table, O’Reilly. How could you allow such a travesty?”
“It’s a free country Lieutenant.”
Shard carried his Camel and drink over to his table.
“I figured if I invaded your space, I’d get your attention,” Witry said through his patented sneer.
“O’Reilly said that you’re waiting for me.”
“I have a message from a client of mine, the one you harassed yesterday. Neither of us appreciated that Lieutenant.”
“I merely asked a few questions, none of which he answered, and laid out a possible scenario for Mr. Harkness’s murder.”
“Yeah, right. You practically accused Mr. Charbeneau of killing him.”
“I never did. I only wanted to see if there was a connection between Charbeneau’s professional pursuits and Harkness’s death.”
“You accused my client of illegal gambling. I’ve told you before, he’s a – “
“Yeah, I remember, a sterling citizen of Leyden. Would that the whole city was filled with the likes of him.”
“Well, tonight I have proof of what an exemplary citizen he is. He wants me to tell you that his personal assistants reported to him that there’s a woman in town they’ve never seen before and she’s packing heat.”
“Just like his personal assistants? It’s not illegal Witry, if she has a license.”
“They tell Mr. Charbeneau she hangs around Gerald’s and shoots eight ball in the back. They say she’s a pro, cleaned them out. And she always wears her gun.”
“I still don’t see how that’s any business of mine. As long as she hasn’t broken any law, she’s OK.”
“Are you as dense as you seem? Are you what my hard-earned tax dollars buy?”
“OK, draw me a picture.”
“You’re looking for a murderer, right?”
“Yes.”
“Here’s a tough rascal, from out of town, hangs around joints far below this one, carries a gun, shoots pool, and you don’t care? Did it ever occur to you that an outsider could have killed Harkness? Even a woman? He had a reputation, you know, for jumping the fence. Maybe she was a squeeze gone bad.”
“Mr. Charbeneau wouldn’t want to deflect my attention from his own shady dealings, would he? He’s never shared with the police before. Why now? What’s in it for him.”
“I told you, he’s a public spirited citizen.”
“Yeah, who doesn’t want me near his business.”
“And you shouldn’t be, he’s honest.”
“What does this woman look like?”
“At last you see. His aides – “
“Oh, they’re aides now. I always thought goons better described them.”
“I’ll ignore your insults. This broad’s a real looker, maybe five ten and built like a brick shithouse. I’ve been thinking of brushing up on my pool skills to get a gander at her.”
“Shapely and tall. What else?”
“Dark hair, long and shiny. Likes to whip it back and forth when she shoots. Sexy like.”
“Anything else?”
“Yeah, lawman, she’s colored. Brownish, they said.
Monday Evening
The light over Shard’s barn door turned on when he approached and reminded him that he hadn’t started his Morgan. He pulled the cover off his little red beauty and shoehorned himself into its leather seat and turned the key. To his amazement it started instantly and ran smoothly. He let it run while he smoked the Camel he found tucked into a joint between the hand-hewn wall beams. 
As he admired his Morgan’s classic lines, he considered the odds on whether this new gun in town could be Harold’s Rita. It seemed a long shot, but she could be, he concluded.
As he reached in to turn the motor off, he saw a reflection in the windshield move and he reacted so quickly that he smashed the back of his head against the top’s ribs.
“Sorry, Boss. I knocked on the open door first. I guess you didn’t hear me,” Periwinkle said.
“I guess I didn’t,” he said as he massaged the back of his head.
“I called O’Reilly and he said you’d just left. So, I came over and saw the light on back here.”
“Come on in, what do you have?”
“Your buddy Cooper must have some good friends in the city because they got a car out to Robyn’s Brooklyn apartment this afternoon. The cop, Patrick O’Fallon, called me a little while ago and said that nobody answered her door. He talked to a neighbor who told him that she hadn’t seen Robyn since Columbus Day. That’s almost three months Boss.”
“Are all New York City cops still Irish, Periwinkle? You’d think by now they’d have some Moravians, Silesians, and Gypsies on the force, wouldn’t you?”
“I guess. Anyway, O’Fallon talked to her super who told him that her rent’s up to date. Pays every month, right on time, but he hadn’t seen or talked to her since Halloween,” 
“Kinda strange when a single woman is never there, but keeps the place, don’t you think?”
“Maybe she’s on Sabbatical, Boss or a writing assignment for some glossy magazine.”
“Possibly, but let me tell you what Witry just told me.”
“You can’t believe it’s the same woman, can you? What are the odds?”
“I don’t know. Maybe she’s in town to visit Junior and he’s afraid to tell us because if his mother finds out all hell will break loose.”
“That seems as reasonable as anything else, except for one detail.”
“And that would be?”
“If she’s here to resume an affair with that twerp, why does she carry a gun? Do you think she carried one in Nevis when Junior said she wore practically nothing else?”
“Maybe we’ll get lucky and she’ll shoot the featherhead,” Shard said. “The world would probably be better off. Speaking of which, I’m going to fall off this planet if I don’t eat something. Have you had dinner?”
“No and I’m starving.”
“Do you think Donald would mind if I asked his girl out to dinner?”
“I’m sure he wouldn’t and, his girl as you call her, happily accepts. What sounds good to you?”
Under penalty of a scourging, Shard wouldn’t touch that one.
Monday Evening
 “Debra, we’ve got problems. How could you be so stupid? 
You got that nitwit Harold to shoot for us and now the cops have him. He doesn’t have enough sense enough to shut up. The cops will be all over us.”
“He doesn’t know anything. “
“He knows enough to lead the cops to you and then it’s only a short step to me. I thought you were going to do it yourself.”
“I hate guns, they scare me to death. I’ve only fired one in my life. I probably couldn’t hit a car. Harold told me he was a good shot. He shot skeet at the country club.”
“I wouldn’t believe a damned thing he said. Even if he doesn’t understand what we’re up to, he knows enough to hurt us.”
“No, no, not us. It stops with me. You’re safe. I told him that I thought one of those three guys killed Steve. If we scared them the guilty one would tip his hand. That’s all he knows.”
“But he got caught. He knows you wanted that done. Have the cops been to see you?”
“The Lieutenant was here this morning. I denied that I’d told Harold to do it. He told the cops that I lured him into this in bed. I convinced Shard that I’d never sleep with that jerk, therefore his story must be false. They won’t believe that idiot over me.”
“Were you in the sack with him again? I thought you were done with him.”
“I only did it to play on his weakness. He’d do anything if I ask him while we’re screwing and he’s so fast it’s not really like sex. It’s more like brushing my teeth.”
“I heard he shot at one of the guys. Is that true?”
“That’s what got the fool caught. I promised him another chance to brush my teeth and he was in a hurry to get back here. He saw one of the cars pull into the mill and took a couple of shots at it. Somebody saw him and notified the sheriff. Harold was caught on the south side of town.”
“We didn’t want to shoot at anyone, just scare them witless. The last thing we need is another murder, unless, of course, it’s necessary. My first candidate is that moron Harold. He’s a loose cannon.”
“I think I have him under control. He’s a sex freak. I can always manipulate him that way.”
“You weren’t able to do it with his father.”
“Steve wasn’t that hormonal, although I could sometimes work him in bed too.”
“OK, let’s wait a day or so and see what happens. I don’t want the local fuzz on my tail. They’re probably dumber than barbells, but we can’t be too careful. If nobody reacts to our shootings we’ll just have to up the threats. Stick to your story and keep a lid on Harold.”
“This is making me nervous.”
“You have good reason to be, Debra.”
Tuesday Morning
 “All right, guys, the pieces are coming together,” Shard said as he looked over at Periwinkle precariously perched on the windowsill with her black boots on the overturned wastebasket. He thought she looked as alluring as she did last night in the candlelight at Tony’s. They had chatted over vegetarian spaghetti about New Year’s Eve and Shard got the impression she wasn’t romantically involved with Don. He couldn’t decide whether that pleased him or not, but it indicated that he was more interested in her than he thought. He liked the way her forest green sweater set off her glowing auburn hair. She had pulled her blouse collar out over her sweater. What were those collars called in my youth? Shard asked himself. All the girls wore them.
“Peter Pan,” he blurted out.
“Pardon, Boss,” Johnsen asked.
“Nothing. Today we have to nail that boob Harold down on his relationship with Robyn.” Shard wondered if his subconscious hadn’t slipped inside Periwinkle’s blouse. He almost blushed.
“Here’s what we’re going to do. I’ll send someone to bring him in here. Then I’ll call Gloria to see if she wants Owenby to sit in. That’ll keep her out the Kaiser’s mustache and he out of ours.”
“I don’t have a mustache, Boss, at least not yet,” Periwinkle said. 
Neither Johnsen nor Shard could think of a snappy reply.
“We need a straight story from Junior of what happened in Toronto, if he even went there, and what his relationship with Rita was when they weren’t in bed. I want you, Johnsen, to spread the word to the day shift to keep their eye out for Robyn I don’t want her brought in, I just want to know where she is. There can’t be too many strange colored women in town, even Polk ought to be able to figure out she’s the one I’m interested in.”
“Who’s Polk?” Periwinkle asked.
“The new guy.”
“I must have missed him.” 
“Don’t worry, he’s much too young for you,” Johnsen said.
“Enough, guys. Periwinkle I want you to fly into cyberspace to find out what kind of car Ms. Rita owns and its license number. If there are two armed colored women in town, we’ll know we have the right one. OK, mush. I’m going to check in with the Kaiser.”

CHAPTER 9
 New Guns in Town
“What do you mean, I’ve got an armed colored woman shooting up my town? Not that I give a rat’s patoozie what color she is, but I do care about bullets flying around. You remember what year this is?”
“Yes Sir,” Shard said. He thought that he had done this all wrong. He’d forgotten to ask about the weather and the Kaiser looked peeved. 
“Even though it’s still snowing, Sir, we’re going to watch her carefully. You don’t happen to know how long this snow is going to last, do you?”
“Of course I do.” He knew Shard was playing him, but he liked it. “Mid-afternoon it ought to be out of here. The glass started up in the last hour, but it’s slow. Another storm on its heels, though. You think this girl killed Harkness?”
“It’s a possibility, yes.”
“For what earthly reason. Did they know each other?”
“Only Harold knows the answer to that.”
“She also shot up the houses and cars? Why? What’s her game?”
“I don’t know. An affair with Harkness that went bad might explain the murder, but not the shootings. I don’t see where his money or the mill works into the equation, but they’re a strong possibility. Somebody’s paying her to do this stuff? But who? Why? That’s what I have to find out.”
The Kaiser shifted in his chair, a clear sign that he was irritated or had something to say.
“I don’t know either, but I want you to get this cleared up before the snow stops this afternoon. I don’t want my donors to have to duck for cover when they deliver their checks to my campaign office. My opponent is feeding the Sun-Times articles on the crime spree in town and that’s not good. You’re my secret weapon, my boy. So get out there and make me happy or in three months we’ll be lifeguards at the town pool.”
Shard couldn’t begin to imagine what the Kaiser would look like in a Speedo. 
“Yes Sir.”
Tuesday Morning
Polk must have roused Junior out of bed, Shard thought. His pressed khakis and button-down shirt didn’t hide the fact that he was either drunk or hung over.
“If I have to sit on this damned chair, you could at least bring me a cup of coffee,” Junior mumbled.
“We’re waiting for the machine downstairs to run a new batch,” Shard said. He knew full well the machine hadn’t run a new batch since the Fourth of July, the day his Morgan wouldn’t start after the parade.
“Do you want to have your lawyer here?”
“Mother woke me up and told me Owenby would be here. So, until then I’m not going to say anything. I just want my coffee.”
Owenby arrived as Johnsen walked in with four cups of coffee.
“Oops, looks like I’m a cup short,” he said.
“I don’t want one,” Owenby said, “I’ve experienced the delights of your machine, they’re unique.”
“Glad you could make it, Don. We want to ask Harold some questions about his relationship with a girl he met on Nevis before Christmas. The more we hear about her, the more she interests us.” 
“Go ahead.”
“Thanks. Now, Harold, when did you meet Rita?”
“I don’t know. All days on Nevis are the same, warm and beautiful.”
“How’d you meet her?”
“On the beach. If you’d seen her in her bikini you’d have gone over to her too. She spills out of it in all the right places, if you get my drift.”
“I got it. Let’s go at this from another direction. How long did you hang around her in Nevis?”
“I don’t know. We were in bed for two days. Never got dressed. Ate nude on the patio. God, she was good.”
“So, you knew her a few days before you left? Am I close?” 
“Maybe a week. We came back to my place a couple of times for sex. We were good too. You shoulda seen it.”
“I’m sorry I missed it,” Periwinkle said.
“Then on the 19th you two flew to New York together. Is that right?” Shard asked.
“Yeah.”
“Why’d you leave paradise?”
Harold wiggled around in the chair.
“It was her idea. I didn’t want to go.”
“Why’d she say she was leaving?”
“She had to go home for the holidays and she wanted me to meet her parents. She promised me we’d screw all the time if I went with her. How could I refuse that?”
So, you two caught a plane out of Newark?”
“Yup.”
“To Toronto?”
“Yup.”
“Where did you stay?”
“In a hotel. We didn’t go outside for two days. Had our meals in the room, not that we ate much.” He laughed.
“Let me get this straight. You never went to her folks’ house? Both of you stayed in the hotel?”
“Yup.”
“What was the hotel’s name?”
“I don’t know. It was nice, though.”
“Didn’t you find it odd that she took you there and not to see her parents?”
“What’s odd about that? We didn’t give a damn about her parents. We just,” he looked at Periwinkle, “ah, had sex all the time.” 
“Did you meet her parents?”
“No.”
“Why?”
“She said they’d think I was too white and wouldn’t like me.”
“Didn’t she know that in Nevis?”
“Maybe she didn’t think about it. We didn’t think much down there.”
“Did you even go by he parents’ house?”
“What for? Could I have another cup of coffee? I’ve got a headache.”
Shard nodded at Periwinkle and she left. Owenby hadn’t moved, but Shard could tell he was following closely.
“Was it her idea that you come to Leyden?”
“I guess so.”
“Have you seen her since?”
“No, but I’d sure like to.”
“Have you talked to her since New Year’s Eve?”
“No.”
“Did you try to call her?”
“Sure.”
“Was her line ever busy?”
“Nah, she wasn’t ever there.”
“Where was there?”
“I don’t know. Her parents, I guess. Are you about done? This place smells like dead animals or something. And your coffee stinks.”
“Let’s go back to Nevis. When you guys weren’t busy, so to speak, what did you talk about?”
“Not much, small stuff, the usual bullshit.”
“Was she interested in your life?”
“Yeah. She’s interested in everything, especially sex. She knows more positions – “
“I’ll bet. What did she want to know about you?”
“Everything. Where I was from, what I did, how I lived so well, all that stuff that girls always ask.”
“Did you tell her about your father and the mill?”
“Sure. That’s how I get my money.”
“Did she seem interested in the mill?”
“She knows more about the paper industry than I do. She knew all about our competitors. I tell you, she’s one smart broad.”
“Did you tell her your father wanted to sell the company?”
“Yeah, I suppose. It means more money for me.”
“Did she tell you anything about herself?”
“Nah, I didn’t ask much. She’s Canadian, rich, an only child, grew up in Toronto, and bums around like I do. And loves to screw, like I do. Oh, sorry maam. What more would I want to know?”
“Well, for one thing, I’d want to know her real name.”
“It’s Rita. I told you that. Don’t you guys ever listen?”
“I know you told us, but that’s not her real name. It’s Robyn Herring.”
“You’re full of – “
“Furthermore, she isn’t Canadian. She’s Brooklyn born, a US citizen. Don’t you find it odd she didn’t tell you any of this?”
“What difference would it make?”
“Maybe none in bed, but it would sure peak my interest now.”
“I don’t give a damn.”
“Tell me Harold, aside from her prominent sexual features, was Robyn well built?”
“You mean arms and legs and stuff?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh yeah. She must’ve lifted weights or something. She had more muscles than I do. She was strong. She threw me around in bed. She had one position that was almost impossible for me to get into and she grabbed my –“
“I get your point. Does she drink?”
“Like a sponge. Never saw her drunk though. She holds it as good as I do, and that’s a talent.”
“When are you supposed to meet her again?”
“I told you that too, sometime this week in Jamaica. If you’d do your jobs and solve father’s murder I could get the hell out of here and back to sex in the islands where I belong.”
“One last question. Any of my questions jog your memory of something you haven’t told us?”
“What the hell are you trying to say? That she killed my father? She never met him. Why’d she want to kill him? All she wants is more sex.”
“She never met him? Then how’d she find out about the paper industry? Did you tell her? I doubt it. Who did? I think she used you, Harold.”
“She can use me any time she wants. Can I go?”
“Be my guest.”
After he left Owenby said, “my God but he’s a little bastard, isn’t he? No wonder his father couldn’t stand him.”
“You’re right, Don. While I have you here and you didn’t cost me a cup of fine coffee, do you know anything about Rita?”
“No. Remember, I’m not Harold’s lawyer. I’m here only because Gloria asked me to. The only way I’d hear anything about her is through Gloria and I bet he hasn’t mentioned her to his mother.
“I wouldn’t,” Periwinkle said.
Tuesday Noon
Shard left with a bad taste in his mouth. He wondered how anyone could go to bed with that twerp. If he were his father, he’d have cut him out of the will too. Shard walked to his favorite lamppost and removed a much-needed Camel. 
He noticed that the Kaiser was right. Little flakes swirled around in a biting wind. The mottled gray sky lowered and pressed the chilled wind along the ground. It promised to be a miserably cold day. Cars clunked along Lansing Street and threw up little whirlwinds of dried snow in their wake. A couple of drivers waved at him and he returned their greetings.
Shard walked into Schuylers and politely refused O’Reilly’s offer of a Camel. Instead, he ordered a Utica Club draft and a plate of Mrs. O’s franks and beans. 
On the way to his moose head he passed Father Hines sitting alone sipping his cup of tea.
“Hello Father. I haven’t seen you here in a while.”
“True, Lieutenant, but it’s been so cold and snowy that I worked up a taste for franks and beans. Gertrude didn’t, so I came solo. Join me and we’ll chew over the world’s moral problems.”
“I’m not sure we have that much time, Father.”
“The Lord’s not in a hurry.”
“That may be so, but I am. I have to find your parishioner’s murderer or the sheriff will have my scalp.”
“It’s sad about Steve. I don’t think many people here liked him despite the fact that he was generous to charities and his church. I liked him though, but our relationship was different from his others. I never understood why he was so unpopular. He was really a nice man.”
“I didn’t know him,” Shard said. “But now I wished that I had. It would help me in my investigation. You’d be surprised how many crimes turn on personality quirks.”
“I’ve certainly worked with some strange personalities on church committees and the library board.”
“Isn’t Debra Newbill on that board?”
“Oh, yes. She works hard and contributes a tidy sum to the library’s annual fund.”
“Was there any gossip about Debra and Steve on the board?”
Father looked closely at Shard while he took a sip of his tea.
“A couple of times when both were absent there was some smirking around the table, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“I assume at least some of the directors knew of their relationship?”
“I suppose so. I think lots of people in town did, but it wasn’t discussed that often.”
“Did Gloria know, do you think?”
“I don’t know. After Mass she often talked to Debra. Makes me believe she didn’t.”
“How did you find out?”
“Gosh, I don’t remember. I guess maybe I always knew.”
O”Reilly brought two steaming plates of beans and franks to the table.
“Do you have any hot sauce Kevin?” Father Hines asked.
“Kevin? I didn’t know O’Reilly had a first name,” Shard said.
“It must be my ministerial training.”
They ate in silence for a few minutes, savoring the warmth on such a cold day.
“You know it’s ironic,” Father Hines said, “that Steve’s body was found in the Fosters’ garage.”
“How so?”
“Irene Foster is an avid mystery reader. She’s in the library all the time and always congratulates the staff on its selection of mysteries and contributes to the library every summer. Too bad we don’t have more summer people who think that way.”
“Mr. Harkness knew the Fosters?”
“Oh yes, they were quite friendly.”
“Did they go about socially?”
“Not that I noticed, but the Fosters always threw a big party after Labor Day for the library’s board and staff. Really put on the dog, loads of food and liquor. They took guests for a ride in their speedboat. They have one of those pre World War II mahogany boats that’s simply beautiful. Wonder why nobody makes them now?”
“So, Debra has been to their house?”
“Oh, yes. She water skied a couple of times and sure made it look like fun.”
“Did Mr. Harkness water ski?”
“I never saw him if he did. He could put away the whisky though.”
“You really ought to try Kevin’s hot sauce, Lieutenant. Gives Mrs. O’s plate real zing.”
“I have enough heat on me already Father, but thanks.”
Tuesday Afternoon
Shard barely had time to settle behind his desk and retrieve a Camel from the cutout in the Bible in the bookcase behind him. He wanted to digest what he’d just learned. 
Periwinkle interrupted his musings.
“I have the information you wanted, Boss.”
“What information is that?”
“How soon you forget. If I worked this right I wouldn’t have to work at all. I’ll tell you I’ll do something and relax until you forget about it.”
“What’s the information?
“Rita owns a 2004 red Ford Taurus with New York plates, XPG260.”
“Good work. There couldn’t be more than fifty red Tauruses in the county, but put that info out to the uniforms. My gut instinct is that she’s somewhere nearby and that she’s a player in this, but I can’t figure out how. Now let me tell you what Father Hines told me at lunch.”
“That’s an interesting tid bit,” Periwinkle said. “Or maybe it means nothing. Just happenstance.”
“I don’t believe in happenstances. This mess is somehow interconnected and we ought to be bright enough to see it. Since I’m old and losing my mental faculties, I have to depend on you guys to figure it out for me. And then have you explain it very slowly so I can understand.”
“Understand what?” Johnsen asked as he entered and saw that he was doomed to the wastebasket.
The phone rang. 
“Lieutenant Shard.”
“Are there any real policemen in your department?”
“Our only real policeman is Officer Joe Duffy who drove off in our only patrol car three days ago and hasn’t been seen since.”
“That’s too bad. I’m free tonight and my horoscope says that I will ask a real policeman for a date.”
Periwinkle and Johnsen could sense that Shard was in the midst of his second personal call of the New Year, Johnsen held up two fingers. 
Shard was tempted to reply with only one, but thought better of it.
“Horoscopes are great things,” he said. “I follow mine faithfully. Why just today it said I am going to meet a beautiful blonde who’s going to change my life. What do think happened?”
Periwinkle and Johnsen were all ears and grins.
“I don’t think I want to know and there’s not enough peroxide in the country to make me a blonde.”
“Exactly. I walked out to lunch and a luscious blonde, golden retriever walked by catching snowflakes on his tongue. Remember when we used to do that? So, I stood on the sidewalk and caught flakes on mine. The sheriff came up, said I looked like the town idiot, and fired me. Can you loan me twenty bucks?”
Johnsen looked as if he half-believed him.
“Sorry, it’s tax time and I need every centavo I can get. But job or no job, I’ll let you take me out tonight. Given your precarious financial condition, I’ll let you take me someplace cheap.”
“You’re all heart. Where are you?”
“I’m in Utica. I have an important client here who’s in trouble and I have a few hours to waste this evening. Who safer to waste time with than a cop?”
“Right, we’re good at that. Let me check my social calendar. I can fit you in for fifteen minutes.”
“How could I be so fortunate? I’ll call when I get in. I should be there by six or six thirty.”
“OK.”
“If the Kaiser fired you this noon, that means I’m the new boss here,” Johnsen said.
Periwinkle frowned.
“Based on seniority, little flower. You can be my sergeant. May I have my new chair boss?”
They looked over and saw that Shard’s mind had left the room. If they didn’t know better, they’d have thought he had a stroke. But they knew that he took little trips periodically during a case and were conditioned to wait for him to return. Often he talked nonsense while abroad, but occasionally he pulled gems from his babble.
He was absent for the better part of five minutes, during which time, when Periwinkle and Johnsen weren’t looking, he’d magically conjured up a Camel.
 “Freydis. You guys remember the party at my house New Year’s night? When we let the Norseman tell the whole tale for once? He told us about Freydis.”
“Yes,” they said in unison.
“Well, she’s the key to this case. It’s that simple, in front of me all the time. Can’t imagine why Johnsen didn’t see it. Can you?”
“No,” they replied together.
“Well, that’s that then. Right?”
“Ah, Boss. It’s me, Periwinkle. What’s that then? And where do we go with it?”
Shard stared at her in disbelief.
“It’s so simple.”
“Could you complicate it for us?”
“Freydis was, according to this hunk, two women, maybe. Same tale though, or much the same. So maybe that’s what we have.”
“That’s much clearer now,” Periwinkle said. “Could you give us a hint about who the two women we have are?”
“Two women, two crimes. Maybe the same story, but like the sagas, we can’t be sure. Women with tempers. Women who get someone else to kill for them. Women on journeys. Women who have trouble with men. Greedy women. Women who lie. Does that ring a bell?”
“And the two women are?” Johnsen asked. 
“I’m pretty sure they are Rita, Debra, and Gloria.”
“That’s three, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“Yeah, but one of them isn’t named Fredyis. Our job is to find out which one isn’t.”
They realized that Shard wasn’t all the way back, but they tried to follow his wavy lines of thought.
“The most revealing thing about Johnsen’s story is that the Fredyis who conned her husband into killing the other guys was found out because she had a weak spot, her crew. They couldn’t keep their mouths’ shut. We’ll find our Fredyis because too many people are involved in this to keep quiet.”
“I take it this means that you no longer think that Junior is the killer?” Johnsen asked.
“Nope. He’s the dumb husband asleep when Fredyis, with her cold feet, crawls back into bed. I’ll bet that the real cold-footed Fredyis used sex to get what she wanted too. Why else would her poor, stupid husband get up and go out into the cold to kill her rivals? What did she promise him for that? Warm milk?”
“It would be skyr back then, Boss,” Johnsen said.
“Whatever. We have at least two women involved who are reputed to be good in the sack. I’ll also wager that Gloria didn’t catch Harkness with a disquisition on color coordination. She certainly has all the physical equipment necessary to rile a man up. Whether she did or not, we don’t know. But neither did the first Fredyis’s enemies. After all she had cold feet.”
“Everybody’s feet are cold today, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“The key for us,” Shard said, “is to make all the pertinent connections. We know that Debra knows Gloria and vice versa, they both know Harold, and the guys at the plant know everyone. The key is to discover whether Debra knows Rita. We know that Rita and Debra may know Junior in the Biblical sense. If Rita knows Debra, we have our triangle and all we have to do is learn which side is the most deadly.”
Johnsen and Periwinkle were slowed by all the who knows.
“What we need to do now,” Shard said, “is to see where the last piece fits. I need more information on this guy Shylock – “
“It’s Shryock, Boss,” Johnsen said.
“Yeah, him. He’s the General Paper connection and General wants to buy our mill. Shycock knows Rita and if Rita knows these other people, we have a pentagon that we have to pare down to a two-sided triangle. Make sense?”
“Oh, yes,” they intoned.
“Get on that Periwinkle. Everything about the guy, especially where he is now.”
Shard’s phone rang.
Tuesday Afternoon
 “Lieutenant Shard.”
“Neil here, Sir. Gus spotted the car you’re looking for. The red Taurus. It’s in front of Gerald’s. Do you want Gus to watch it?”
“Yes. If she leaves I want him to follow her discreetly and let me know where she goes. Thanks Neil.”
“Gotcha, Sir. Gus is good at being invisible.”
“I know that. He spends most of his shift behind Patels munching Twinkies or whatever.”
“I didn’t know you knew that, Sir.”
“Everyone knows that Neil. Goodbye.”
“Rita’s at Geralds. What say you and I pay a visit, Johnsen? You spend much time there?”
“I’ve only been in the joint a couple of times. It’s a rough place.”
Shard dug a Camel out of his pencil holder on his way out.
Johnsen knew his dumps, Shard thought, as they walked in Geralds. Lit by neon beer signs, he could barely see across the room for the smoke. Three older guys leaned on the bar watching reruns of a pro basketball game on the TV and four men who looked as if they might handle the rougher union jobs for Dank, sat around a half dozen empty pitchers on their table. Their unfriendly eyes assessed Shard and Johnsen. Shard was happy he’d brought the Viking.
Shard waved at the bartender and walked back towards the pool tables. The first thing he saw was a woman bent over who presented a stunning view of a perfectly proportioned bottom in skintight pants. Her shot, a two banker, maintained just enough momentum to kiss the eight ball into the corner pocket.
“How’d you like that? Huh?” she said to her partner who passed her a wad of crumpled bills and a disgusted look.
“Luck.” 
“If so, it’s held for a couple of hours.” Wanna play another?”
“Nah, I gotta go,” He said as he looked over her shoulder at the two intruders.
The woman followed turned to look at Shard and Johnsen. She dismissed Shard immediately, but her eyes lingered on the Norseman for an inordinate time while Shard took her measure. Clad entirely in tight black, she manifested a frontal structure that would make it hard for any guy to keep his mind on pool. Shard thought. Her skin color was her most striking attribute, however. He decided it bordered on coffee with two spoonfuls of cream. A beautiful mocha, perhaps. Framed by long, straight black hair, her face featured puffy lips that were all the rage. Her almond-shaped, deep brown eyes completed the package. She was a looker he concluded as he realized she waited for him to say something.
“Good afternoon, Ms. Herring.” 
“Hi. Wanna shoot some pool? Looks like that guy gave up.”
“No thanks. I watched you make that last shot. You’re out of my league. I’m Lieutenant Shard and this is Sergeant Knut Johnsen with the Mohawk County Sheriff’s Department. We’d like to talk to you for a few minutes if we may.” 
“Sure. Call me Rita, OK?”
“We’re investigating a murder case and the victim’s son, Harold, told us about a Rita he met in Nevis. They became close friends and Harold went to Toronto with her. He used her as an alibi to prove he didn’t kill his father. We checked on this Rita and discovered that’s not her real name and her parents don’t live in Toronto. We also learned that she hasn’t been to her home in Brooklyn since Halloween. This information made Harold’s alibi look pretty flimsy. Then, yesterday I was told that someone who looks very much like Harold’s Rita was here in Leyden fleecing suckers in Gerald’s pool room.”
“That’s interesting, but it sounds like Harold’s problem, not mine.”
“Are you the Rita in Harold’s story?”
She gave Johnsen a knowing smile, “yes.”
“Are you here to see him again?”
“Quite the opposite, Lieutenant. I don’t want to ever see him again.”
“May I ask why you are in Leyden?”
“You may.”
“And you’d answer?”
“I’m working. I’m a private investigator, with a New York license I’m sure you’ve already checked out, and I’m doing some surveillance work. It requires me to stay a few days in Harold’s hometown. To be honest, I’m surprised he’s here. He hates the place.”
“I suppose you wouldn’t tell me who you’re watching?”
She gave Shard a come hither smile. “You know better than that, Lieutenant.”
“Thought it was worth a try. When did you get here?”
“Sadly, on New Year’s Eve. There’s not a lot for a single woman to do on New Year’s Eve here.”
“Oh, you’d be surprised. This is a festive town,” Johnsen said and shot Shard a sliver of a smile.
“How long do you plan to stay?” Shard asked.
“It depends very much on my quarry. My plans can change day to day.”
“All right, tell me a little history then. You took Harold to Toronto to meet your parents and then didn’t. Why?”
“I don’t see that my private life’s your business, but I’ll tell you anyway. If I brought him home my parents would kill me. I wasn’t serious about him anyway, he was just a hook up. A little fun in the sand. He was more serious though. When I took a job in Toronto I expected to leave him in Nevis, but he pestered me so much that I agreed to let him come up there. All he wanted to do was have sex. I’m a working girl. I have to earn a living. Finally, I threw him out with the promise that I’d meet him in Bermuda after the holidays.”
“He told us Jamaica,” Johnsen said.
“It didn’t make any difference, I wasn’t going to meet him anywhere.”
“This may be a dumb question, but why didn’t you use your real name on Nevis?”
“It’s been a long time since you’ve been in the meat market, hasn’t it Lieutenant?”
Shard took that as an insult. Little did she know, however, how right she was.
“One of the first rules is to conceal your identity. I‘m often Rita. I like the sound of it, a lot sexier than Robyn, don’t you think?”
Shard didn’t touch that.
“That way, Harold, and others like him, can’t find me after I run them off.”
“Don’t you think that’s a little harsh?” Shard asked.
“How so?”
“You plan to run them off before you make their acquaintance.”
“Oh, come on Lieutenant. I saw the look you gave me when you walked in. I have what all men want while only a few men, like your sergeant there, have what I desire. It’s an even swap, we both leave happy.”
Shard detected a blush spreading up Johnsen’s neck.
“Now, look at me again. I’m not white, I’m colored. Some men find that a turn on, but most wouldn’t take me to meet their mothers. I’m not a good long-term investment. You know how many single men my color are out there Lieutenant? Men who want me to carry their children? Not very damned many. So, I’m Rita to all the white Harolds.”
“Let’s go back to Harold. Did you talk to him on New Year’s Eve?”
“Yes.”
“But the phone records show he talked to someone in Kitchener. You just said you were already here.”
“Do you always believe phone records Lieutenant? I don’t. I use Dad’s number and have it switched to my cell. It records to his house, but I can be anywhere. You can be sure I didn’t tell Harold I was practically down the street from him.”
“You’d dumped him but spent an awfully long time on the phone with him. Why?”
“What else did I have to do? I was stuck here where I didn’t know anyone and it’s not the best night for a pickup. He’s not that bad. Has a pretty good body and a great tan. Not close to my perfect color, of course, but cool. He’s lousy in bed, but that’s a different story.”
“You’ve been in town for a few days, you must have met some people,” Shard said.
“Sure. I have to talk to guys to hustle them at the tables,” her smile was predatory, Shard thought.
“Do you gamble? At anything except pool?”
“This is no gamble, Lieutenant. This is a sure thing.”
“How about at the crap or poker tables?”
“Not my style. I like to get my body into things.”
Shard let that one slide.
“So, you haven’t run into a fellow named Alfred Charbeneau?”
“No. Sounds like a Canuck.”
“How about Debra Newbill?”
“No. Does she gamble?”
“Not that we know of,” Shard said.
“Gloria Harkness?”
“Isn’t she Harold’s mother? She’d be the last person he’d introduce me to. Pretty hung up on race, he said.”
“Adolph Shryock?”
“Boy, you’ve been digging around in my past, haven’t you?”
“Only to check out Harold’s alibi.”
“Then you know that Ady and I were in the secret service together. He’s a pretty good guy.”
“You left the service at the same time after only eight months. Do Mind telling me why?”
“Simple. I didn’t like it. Too structured, too organized, too dull, and too predictable. I like to make my own decisions. Ade was the same way. We decided we’d do something else.”
“What’s he do?”
“He fell into a pretty good job as chief of security for some big paper company. It pays well, and he’s the boss. He’s chief of security for some big paper company. Says he likes it.”
“We heard the secret service fired you.”
“No. We had a dispute over who shot a guy, but it was a clean shoot. They didn’t make us leave, but it convinced us that it was a good time to get out. Our record’s clean. Otherwise, I couldn’t have gotten my PI license.”
“Did you bring a rifle to Leyden?”
“No, just my pistol for which I have a carrying permit. You can check, Lieutenant.”
She looked at Johnsen. “Wanna have a beer, sergeant?”
“I’m still on duty, Rita. Maybe some other time.”
“It’s past five. How long does he make you work? Maybe you ought to become a PI too.” She flashed her sexiest smile at Johnsen.
Tuesday Evening
Shard left his car in front of the barn door. He grabbed a Camel off the top of the fuse box in the mudroom and turned up his thermostat. The house was chilly, an empty chilly, Shard thought. He couldn’t remember that he and Hope ever felt this cold at home. 
He and Ellen needed a good warm meal. He put a frozen quart of Grace’s spaghetti in the microwave. In a practiced move he swept a bottle of Highland Park out of the cabinet, poured a double shot, and dropped in two ice cubes. He took his drink and Camel into the living room and lit the fire he’d laid days earlier.
Rita was smooth, he had to give her that. And frank about the things she knew he already knew. But she was coy about her relationship with Shycrock. She had neglected to identify the paper company, probably because she knew it could connect her to Harkness? Shard couldn’t figure what her connection with Harkness was, unless it was sexual. She didn’t seem Harkness’s type, however, and from the way she visually undressed the Norsemen, he didn’t think Harkness was her type either. Hadn’t she said she liked firm bodies and deep tans, or something like that? She certainly hadn’t given him the once over. Maybe it’s the flab he thought, a gentle reminder that he hadn’t worked out since the holidays. 
His phone rang.
“Lieutenant Shard.”
“The unemployed Lieutenant Shard?”
“The very same.”
“I’ll be there in a moment.”
“Where are you?”
“In front of your house.”
“Well, if you come to the door and give me the password I’ll let you in.”
“And if I don’t know it?”
“I’ll look through the peephole to see if you’re pretty enough to pass without the word.”
“Then I’m in for sure.”
Shard didn’t doubt that for a moment.
“I’m tuckered out,” she said after he’d given her a hug. “It’s biting out there tonight, brrrr. Reminds me of those nights when we were in high school and went tobogganing. We must have been nuts.”
“Yeah, but we got away from our parents.”
“But we didn’t do anything. They knew we wouldn’t.”
“They knew it was too damned cold to take our clothes off.” 
They laughed.
“How about nice, hot spaghetti with angel hair for a vegetable and Parmesan cheese for desert. I’ve already thawed it. Then we won’t have to go out.”
“Sounds perfect. Do you mind if I take my hose off?”
“By all means. I’ll get you a drink. Same as I’m having?”
“Bulls-eye, my man.”
Shark kicked up the fire before he sat down. 
“It’s curious,” he said, “the house suddenly feels warmer now that you’re here. It was cold and damp when I came home.”
“It’s my stockings, they’re radiating warmth.”
“You don’t think it’s the cozy birch fire?”
“Not a chance.”
“Speaking of that, let me tell you a story about Steve Harkness, his two wives, mistress, possible girlfriend, and death, intermingled with shootings all over town and the island of Nevis.”
“That sounds better than Knut’s saga the other night. More women, more violence, same fire.”
Shard told his tale, winnowing the possible connections and permutations through the back of his mind as he did so.
“That’s a good one. No wonder you’re unemployed, nobody can untangle that.”
“What’s your read?” 
Ellen sipped her scotch thoughtfully and watched a log settle into the fire with a bright burst of orange sparks.
“As a CPA I’ve learned that crimes are usually committed for passion or money. You have both. Simply put, and we numbers people love simplicity, you have too many women and not enough men. Worse, the man in the middle of this has money and power and is dead. Power and passion are really the same things, aren’t they? Your problem is to determine which came first. There, that clears it up and I think I’ve earned another drink.”
As he put her fresh drink down, Shard asked, “if you were the mistress, the one with the house and car, how would you react if your sugar daddy suddenly told you on Christmas Eve that it was all over?” 
“You probably won’t believe this Mr. Policeman, but I’ve never been a mistress. I was married but that isn’t the same thing despite what some feminists say. If he told me on Christmas Eve that it was all over, and if I loved him, and if I didn’t see it coming, and if he didn’t have a sweet young thing secreted somewhere, I think that I probably would be so stunned that I wouldn’t do anything but stare. After the news sank in, I demand to know what had gone wrong in our relationship. After he told me, I’d clonk him over the head with the brass table lamp beside my chair. Does that enlighten you?”
“You wouldn’t kill him?
“I’d probably want to and if I hit him a tad too hard and dispatched him to the other world, I’d probably not shed many tears right then. I have a daughter to raise and I couldn’t do a very good job from Attica and an even worse one from death row. No, I wouldn’t kill him. I guess I’m not the killer type.”
“Interesting thought. What kind of woman is that type?”
“A desperate one who’s deeply in love and is suddenly wronged.”
“And free?”
“How do you mean?”
“No children to worry about?”
“Possibly. But children are a double-edged sword. In a New York minute I’d kill anyone who threatened to harm Alice. On the other hand, I’d consider Alice’s future before I took a step that drastic no matter how much I wanted to. Does that make sense?”
“Yes. It tells me that Debra, Gloria, and maybe even Rita, are killer types. Debra has no children, Gloria’s kid is grown, and as far as I know Rita has no children. They’re all free.”
“But only one’s a mistress for sure.”
“True.”
“Therefore, reverting to my accountancy training, who stands to profit the most from killing Harkness?”
“Good point. Gloria has the money whether he’s dead or alive. Rita gets nothing if he’s dead, unless of course, for some reason she thought she might. Debra is better off with him alive. She keeps her loot and he pays at least some of her expenses. She only keeps the loot if he’s dead. We don’t know though whether she knew that before hand. I’d dearly love to know.”
“I’d dearly love to eat some of Gracie’s spaghetti before I’m too thin to wear those stockings again. And I still have a four hour drive tonight.”
“Not after two doubles. You are under arrest for incipient DUI and I sentence you to the guest room until dawn. Now, we can have a short snort while we fix the vegetable and salad.”
“I surrender, sir.”
Tuesday Evening
 “Debra?”
“Yes.”
“Things are coming to a head. We might wrap this whole thing up in a couple more days. But you must keep your cool. If you blow this, we’re dead.” 
“I understand. The cops don’t suspect anything at this end.”
“Keep it that way. They’re nosing around, but haven’t a clue about what we’re up to. But they’re not as stupid as I thought. That doesn’t mean they’re smart enough to out think us.”
“They haven’t so far, you’re right.”
“Now listen, the key is that you have to have alibis for Christmas Eve, New Year’s Eve, and tonight.”
“Tonight?”
“Yup. Listen to the local news in the morning. In the meantime call someone, go to the store, do something in public.”
“What about you?”
“I already have mine set up. Unshakeable, bunches of witnesses and best yet, I’ll make a few bucks. Clever, huh?”
“I guess so.”
“Stick to your story that you don’t know anything about the rifle. The cops seem interested in it.”
“That’s easy, I don’t know anything about it.”
“Right. And one other thing, the cops have to believe that the murder and the shootings were done by the same person for the same reason. Then they’ll never figure all this out. Got it?”
“Yes.”
“Sleep tight, Debra.”

CHAPTER 10
Connections?
Tuesday Evening
 “That was a great meatloaf Sharon,” Don said.
“I froze it over the holidays. We wouldn’t have had anything to eat otherwise.”
“It’s the perfect comfort food on a freezing night. I hate this weather, don’t you?”
“I guess I never thought about it much. I grew up here and didn’t go much farther south for college. It’s normal to me.”
“Yeah, but you work in a heated building. You ought to work in the mill. My God it gets cold in there. We have gas heaters on the ceilings, but they don’t really help. I wore my coat and gloves all day. So did everyone else. We looked like we were at an Eskimo convention in Barrow, Alaska.”
“You’re lucky that Johnsen isn’t here. He’d bore us with a saga about some thug named Thortongue or something who always shed his clothes, shouted poetry, and killed people when the temperature hit absolute zero.”
”Well, I’ll tell you the temperature in the plant is near absolute zero.”
“You just told me that.”
“You missed my point. I’m talking about the political temperature. Everybody is scared to death he’ll be out on the street before the week ends.”
“Really? What happened?”
“A whole bunch of things.”
“More Merlot?”
“Please. Anyway, rumors are the General Paper big wigs are coming tomorrow to buy us. The union people tell me they’re the kiss of death; all they want to do is shut us down to lessen competition. They don’t care about us.”
“Do you believe that?”
“I don’t know, but my boss told me this morning that if I had any brains I’d be looking for a job. He reminded me it’s easier to get one if I still have one. Others have told me that General will keep us open because the market is so good. We’re making money and we have a pretty efficient operation, as good as General’s best I bet, since I design our processes.”
“Is that a boast?”
“Yes, but I think I’m pretty good at what I do and Mr. Harkness invested in new machinery to lower our costs. Would he do that if he wanted to sell out and see the plant closed?”
“But he’s dead, Don.”
“That’s another problem. The guys say that his wife wants to sell because she doesn’t want to run the mill. She wants to get her money when paper prices are high.”
“Do you think that’s true?”
I don’t know the woman and didn’t know Mr. Harkness all that well. I deal with Mr. Collins who runs our day-to-day affairs. I know Mr. Harkness loved the place and I hear she couldn’t care less. The kid, I understand, is a moron.”
“Don’t even get me started on him.”
 “My problem is that I like it here, I want to stay. Mom’s here, you’re here.“
“I take that as a compliment, Don. Thanks.”
Wednesday Morning
The phone rang. Shard cocked an eye towards his bedside clock, 5:55.”
Alliterative, he thought. Why couldn’t it ring at an unalliterative hour, say, 6:41 or 7:32? He quickly calculated that only six through nine o’clock had no alliterative times. Perfectly useless information, he decided.
The other side of the bed was empty. The sound of the shower slowly impinged on his semi-consciousness. His mind flashed back to when he and Hope took showers together in the morning. The way water beaded on her back fascinated him. She loved to have him lather her back although he much preferred her front.
The phone rang more insistently.
“Shard.”
“Good morning Lieutenant. Neil here.”
“Oh God. You have another baby.”
“No Sir.”
“Why the hell are you working the graveyard shift? When are you ever home to make babies?”
“Sheriff Stutzenberger is very good to me, Sir. He knows that I – “
“Yeah, yeah. Why are you calling at this alliterative time?”
“Sir?”
“It’s not even dawn Neil.”
“There won’t be a dawn this morning, Sir. It’s below zero and snowing.”
“That means it’s a perfect morning to stay under the warm covers. What’s up?”
“Someone is slashing tires, Sir.”
“You woke me up to tell me that? Where’re the third shift patrols? Pull them away from the coffee urn.”
“Yes Sir, but you see it’s whose tires were slashed.”
That was the most complex sentence Shard had ever heard from Neil.
“Whose?”
“The same people who’ve been shot at, the guys at the mill.”
Shard was suddenly awake.
“Where were their cars?”
“In their driveways sir. A Mr. Higgins, Mr. Collins, and Mr. Feldon all called in in the last half hour. I have their times entered in my log. Do you want me to read them off to you?”
“No, no need, Neil. Send someone out to talk to them and have him take photos of the damage. How many tires were slashed on each car?
“Mr. Higgins said he had all his slashed, the other two didn’t tell me.”
“I’ll be down in a little while Neil. Thanks.”
“My pleasure, Sir.”
Ellen walked into the bedroom wrapped in a towel with her hair in a turban. 
“You look smashing,” he said and meant it.
“Well, thank you Lieutenant. A girl always appreciates a compliment before she puts on her face.”
“I just got a call. Three guys at the mill had their tires slashed last night. The same three that had their cars shot at the day before yesterday. This case is heating up, although Neil tells me it’s colder than a well digger’s elbow out there this morning and it’s started to snow again. Maybe you ought to leave that turban on.”
He stood up. “As soon as I have a shower I’ll make coffee and breakfast. You don’t need to put on another face; you have your prettiest one on now.”
When he came out of the shower he smelled coffee and heard Ellen rustling pans in the kitchen. She greeted him with his cow-mug full of steaming coffee and a peck on his cheek.
“I slept like a log. And you?”
Shard didn’t mind the cliché. He had one of his own.
“Out like a light all night. And warm.”
She smiled.
“I found eggs that aren’t out of date. Two over easy? Toast? Spaghetti side?”
“Perfect. Except for the last. I never eat vegetables for breakfast.”
“Good rule.”
“I suppose if I told you how nice it is to wake up with you in the house and smell coffee after my shower, you’d think I was trying to lure you into a life of sin?”
“I would Lieutenant. But I don’t think I’d be attracted to an unemployed cop.”
“I’ll get a job by noon then. But I am serious. You bring warmth to this old place. It needs it; it’s too empty and doesn’t like it. It must miss my parents. I guess I’m trying to say that I appreciate you being here this morning.”
“Wouldn’t have missed it. Eat your eggs. I have to get on the road early because I have to stop to check in with mother and I want to get to the office before noon. I am interviewing a CPA this afternoon to replace the guy who screwed up my Utica account.”
“I hope your new man is as incompetent as the old one.”
“What?”
“You’ll have to come here weekly to straighten everything out. And I have free lodging here for you.”
“Nothing’s free, Lieutenant. Eat up.”
Wednesday Morning
Shard walked into Neil’s office for an update. As usual he was sitting behind a battle-scarred desk heaped with paper, remnants of fast food, and for some reason, his shoes.
“You’re working the day shift too?” Shard asked.
“The sheriff is kind. He knows my family is growing.”
“What’ve you heard since we talked?”
“Sergeants Johnsen and Periwinkle are out talking to Mr. Felton and Mr. Higgins. Ms. Newbill called to say her tires were cut and Mrs. Harkness screamed at me when she called. She acted as if I did it. I told all of them you’d take care of it.”
“Oh, thanks, Neil. Has Harold Harkness called?”
Neil looked down his list.
“No, Sir.”
“Yeah, he’s probably not up yet, but I bet his were slashed too. Call him and ask him to look. That’ll make him madder than hell.”
“Yes Sir.”
“One last thing, Neil, why are your shoes on top of the desk?”
“Simple Sir, they don’t wear out as fast if I don’t wear them.”
“But why not leave them on the floor?”
“Nobody can steal them if they are right in front of me, Sir.”
“This is a police station, Neil. People here don’t steal.”
“Don’t bet on it, Sir,” he said.
The only advantage to having a slasher loose this morning, Shard thought, is that I have my office to myself. He opened his file cabinet, took out a folder marked ‘addictions,’ removed a Camel, and settled down for a few quiet moments of thought.
He had enjoyed Ellen’s visit in surprising ways. He enjoyed the sounds she made as she moved about, her feet on the hardwood floors, his shower when he wasn’t in it, and the dishes in the kitchen sink. He’d not listened to that since Hope ran away with that damned drug rep.
Periwinkle jolted him back to his immediate problems.
“Good morning,” he said. “Sorry we dragged you out so early.”
“Oh, I was up when Neil called. I like to get the Sun-Times read before I come in.”
“Who’d you talk to this morning?”
“I went to Mr. Higgins’ house. Someone did a job on all four tires. Looks like he used a box cutter or something. They were not punctured. It would have been more interesting if the guy had used an ice pick.”
“That, it would. Did you talk to Higgins?”
“Yeah. That guy’s a piece of work. I picked up some new profanity and here I thought I’d heard it all. He held forth for twenty minutes on who he thinks did it and why. I think he’s paranoid.”
“Even so, I’d like to hear his theories.”
“It’s only one theory, Boss. In his worldview the mob is out to frighten everyone at the mill so that they’ll sell the place and close it down. He doesn’t know why, but thinks the murder, the shootings, and the tire cuttings are so well organized that the mob has to be behind them. When he was out on strike, he said he could never organize anything this well. His men caused him more trouble than they did Harkness, sometimes.”
“He admitted his boys were violent and destructive?”
“In so many words, but he wasn’t specific.”
“I’ll bet not. I agree that his theory sounds far fetched. I can’t imagine why the mob, which isn’t active around here that I know of, would be interested in a paper mill. But, he does have a point about the organizational skills of whoever is behind this. With the exception of allowing Junior to have a rifle, they’ve been flawless. They’ve managed to stay well ahead of us. Did Dank say anything else?”
“Yeah, if he catches the guy he’ll break his neck.”
“I suspect he would.”
“Did you have time yesterday to delve around in Shylock’s past?”
“I did.”
“Find anything?”
“Lots of stuff, but I don’t know whether any of it’s important. He has a permit to carry a concealed weapon, for starters.”
“That’s not surprising given his occupation.”
“His family’s not quite as perfect as we thought. He filed for divorce last year and although I haven’t found the judgment yet, I assume it went through. He pays his state and federal taxes on time. Hasn’t been audited in the last three years. Last year he declared an income of $173,347 from General Paper that put him in the thirty-six percent tax bracket. He paid the Feds a reasonable amount as far as I can tell.”
“Isn’t it illegal to access a citizen’s tax records. I seem to remember that Richard Nixon wanted the IRS to investigate his political enemies. Remember that?”
“No, Boss. I wasn’t alive then.”
Shard wondered how she’d gotten so beautiful in such a short time.
“Oh,” he said instead. “Anything else?”
“Yes. He has a 401K with a couple of hundred thousand dollars in it, all in General Paper’s stock. Don’t the experts tell us to spread our 401K holdings around?”
“They do. But that means he has a vested interest in how well GP’s stock performs. He’d likely make money if his company bought our mill. Something to think about, Periwinkle.”
“I will, Boss.”
Johnsen came in with three cups of coffee and three donuts.
“I figured none of us had time for breakfast, so I stopped at Patels.”
“Besides, you were starving. Right?” Periwinkle asked.
“You’d be as hungry as moose in rut if you had to spend your waking hour with this guy Felton. Geez, he’s surly.”
“I would be too if someone slashed my tires,” Shard said.
“It’s more than that. He hates everyone, the guy who flattened his tires, the people he works with, Harkness’s ex, and for all I know, God. He thinks everything has something to do with selling the company. And he takes it personally. He says someone is out to get him.”
“I would too, if I kept two sets of books,” Shard said.
“He didn’t mention the books, but he says he wants to sell. He kept yelling he’s not about to die for ‘the Goddamned mill.’”
“It’s interesting that both Higgins and Feldon believe that this is a plot to force them to sell. For what it’s worth, I’m not all that convinced yet, but there could be something to it.”
“It does seem the most reasonable explanation to me,” Periwinkle said. “All the violence has been against the people who have the authority to sell. And Harold, but he’s family.”
“True,” Shard said, “but I’m hung up on the fact that whoever’s doing this didn’t have to kill Harkness. He leaned towards selling all along. And there’s another thing. They presume that General Paper will shutter the mill, but if Feldon’s books are anywhere near accurate, the company is profitable right now. Wouldn’t it make more sense for General Paper to keep this mill open as long as newsprint prices stay up? They can always close it down later. In other words, Higgins and Feldon wouldn’t necessarily be out of their jobs immediately.”
“I promised Don that I wouldn’t pass on mill gossip,” Periwinkle said, “but I think maybe I should at least tell you this,” and she related what Don had said.
“Does he think there is some concerted plot to force a sale?” Shard asked.
“Yeah, he suspects Gloria’s behind it. She wants her money up front in one big chunk. Makes some sense when you think about it.”
“I suppose so,” Shard said. “So she killed her husband because she discovered he was cheating and then dreamed up this campaign? I don’t think she shoots or slashes. I also think she’s too smart to have Junior do it. What did she say a few days ago? He was the artsy type. You don’t give those guys guns and ice picks. They’ll either make a montage or hurt themselves. So, who’s she have out there scaring the hell out of everyone?”
“Rita?” Periwinkle asked.
“I can’t see them as a team, if only because Rita’s the wrong color. Hell, I bet Gloria’s never known a black. Besides, she’s not a woman’s woman, if you know what I mean. She defines herself through men who give her the social clout and cash she loves. I may be wrong, though. What do you think Periwinkle?”
“Because I’m a woman?”
“You do bring a different perspective to this.”
“Maybe. I suspect you’re right about Gloria, however. She’s a cold one.”
Wednesday Mid-Morning
Shard walked outside into heavy snow. The wind off Tug Hill swirled it around until it was close to a whiteout. He walked down to the Post office and removed a Camel from his box. He wondered whether Chet Hundly, Leyden’s downtown mailman, ever put any mail in his box.
Shard walked into the lobby and sat down next to Luke and Dizzy who were curled up against the radiator with their eyes half open.
“Hi, guys.” 
Dizzy slapped his tail on the marble floor and Luke said, “hello.”
“Mind if I sit a spell with you?”
“OK. Me and Dizzy is sleeping.”
“I see that. It looks comfortable here.”
“Yeah, we like it, don’t we Dizzy?”
Shard scratched behind Dizzy’s ears and the dog scrunched up against him. 
“Dizzy loves to have me scratch his ears, doesn’t he?”
“Yeah. A woman scratched him today. He barked at her.”
“Why?”
“He didn’t like her.”
“He loves everybody,” Shard said.
“She was black colored.”
“Oh, was she? Have you ever seen her?”
“Nah. She was black colored.”
“Was she alone?”
“Nope.”
“Who was she with?”
“I don’t know.”
“What color was he?”
“Pink. Like me.”
Shard wondered whether Luke knew his colors. Could he be color-blind? He was a lot closer to white than pink. He took out his badge.
“What color’s this Luke?”
“Gold.”
He wasn’t color-blind.
“I like it. It’s shiny.” 
“It is, isn’t it? Can you describe the man with the black colored woman?”
“He was big and had church clothes on.”
“A suit and tie?”
“I guess.”
“What else do you remember about him?”
“Brown shoes.”
“With a black suit?” Luke wasn’t the easiest person in the world to question.
“Yeah.”
“Anything else about him?”
“Yeah, he had a gun.”
“How do you know?”
“I seen it.”
“Where was it?”
“Under his coat.”
“Did he show it to you?”
“Nah. I wished he would. I like guns, don’t we Dizzy.”
The dog slapped his tail against the radiator. Shard was convinced Dizzy understood English better than Luke and half of Leyden. He was the world’s foremost expert on the word ‘donut.’
“Was the gun in a holster?”
Luke looked blank.
“What part of the gun did you see?”
“The back side.”
That slowed Shard down. He thought of drafting class in high school where he learned to project one or another side of something. A gun’s backside would be its what?
“Do you mean handle?”
“I guess.”
“Handle front, under the coat?”
He’d lost Luke.
“How long ago did Dizzy bark at the black colored woman?”
Luke looked at his watch for a long time.
“This morning.”
That’s the best he could expect from Luke. Periwinkle never did find out whether he could tell time.
“Tell you guys what, how about we go down to Patels and get coffee and donuts?”
Dizzy was on his feet before Shard finished the question.
“Patels it is then. You guys are my best detectives.”
Luke stared at him with a big, sloppy grin. 
Wednesday Late Morning
“Don’t be so damned pissy,” Debra. “I had to do it. It throws the cops off track. Besides, I only cut one of your tires. I cut all of them on the other cars.” “The cops might wonder why I only had one slashed.”
“I doubt it, they aren’t that sharp.”
“I think you should’ve cut two of mine.”
“Why? You’re mad I cut one.”
“My garage man says I’ll have to replace two anyway. Something about they have to be even on both sides.”
“Forget it. Everything’s going exactly as I said it would. The General Paper people are in town today to offer to buy Northern where everybody is scared. I wouldn’t be surprised if they beg us to buy them.” 
“I hope you’re right. I’m ready to start over somewhere else, maybe down South where it’s warm.”
“That’s not the only reason for you to get out of here.”
“I know, but if I have some walking around money I can go anywhere I want.”
“You’ll get your money. If they don’t sell today, we’ll just pressure them more. They don’t have any balls, they’re at the breaking point.”
“Do you have an alibi for last night?” Debra asked.
“A perfect one. Pool, booze, and sex. What more could a girl want?”
“I have to admit I miss sex with Steve. God, he was good. I envy you.”
“It’s your fault, you blew it.”
“I know.”
“Do you have an alibi?” Rita asked.
“I ordered a blouse from Land’s End at midnight and called time and temperature at five this morning. My phone records will show that I was here those times. I want this over with. I’m getting nervous.”
“Stay cool. Everything’s ok. We’re close to being home free.”
“I hope you’re right.”
Wednesday Noon
Shard bought hot dogs and donuts for the three of them and claimed a corner table next to the window. He liked to watch people walk by bundled up against the wind and snow. They looked so purposeful, as if they knew exactly why they were outside in such weather.
Periwinkle walked in, bought a hot dog, and came over and tousled Luke’s hair and scratched Dizzy’s ears. Dizzy was so intent on ingesting an entire hot dog in one gulp that he didn’t even wag his tail.
“Hi, guys. It’s miserable out there. I walked all the way down here for a good hot dog.”
“Why didn’t you go to Schuylers? They have franks and beans on special today.”
“They have franks and beans on special every day.”
“You have a point.
“I brought these two down here because Luke gave me a valuable clue in our murder investigation. He’s a super detective.”
Luke puffed his chest out and aimed a sloppy smile at Shard.
“What was your clue, Luke?” Periwinkle asked.
“The shiny badge.”
“Whose badge?”
“His,” and he pointed at Shard.
“Pulling rank again, Boss?”
“That wasn’t the clue, Luke. It was about the black colored woman, remember?”
“Yeah.”
“Maybe I ought to tell you the story lest we’re here until vespers,” Shard said, and filled Periwinkle in.
“The woman has to be Rita,” she said.
“Right.”
“Could the man be Shryock?”
“That’s my guess. He’s with Rita, he’s got a pistol, and the General Paper people are here. Maybe he’s providing personal security for them.”
“Petting Dizzy in the Post Office? Helluva a threat, Boss.”
“Yeah, I thought of that. But after another round of dogs and donuts, why don’t we drive out to Gerald’s to see if they’re there.”
“OK.”
“Where’s Johnsen?”
“The last I saw of him he was off to talk to the clerk at the co-op about some guy who walked out with a John Deere riding mower, one of the big ones.”
“Really. Walked out with it? Under his coat? It’s amazing how we concentrate on the big cases and neglect the everyday stuff. I’ve got a dozen DUIs on my desk, do I care? Not until I have Harkness’s murderer. I think those riding mowers can be converted to plow snow. Have the boys look for a very bright green mower with a blade on it in someone’s driveway. I’ll wager we’ll find the guy in twenty four hours.”
“Pity it’s not as easy to apprehend murderers.”
Dizzy belched as if in agreement.
Wednesday Afternoon
At Gerald’s Shard noticed the same three guys huddled at the bar watching a golf rerun on the TV.
“Remind me of those three, Periwinkle, if I ever mention that I want to retire. I’d shoot myself if I had to spend my declining years on a stool, nursing a beer. Nice putt, though.”
Rita chalked her cue and stared at the scattered balls with an intensity that told Shard she was three shots ahead of the obvious next one. Without taking her eyes off the game, she said “good afternoon Lieutenant. Change you mind about putting a wager on a little game with me?”
Shard was more interested in her challenger, perched on a stool. Luke’s description was pretty good, dark blue suit, silver blue tie, and brown shoes. His coat was cut generously enough under the arms to hide a shoulder holster.
“You already have an opponent. I don’t want to rob him of the chance to win a few dollars.”
“Fat chance, Lieutenant. He won’t get a shot this game.”
Shard believed her.
He approached brown shoes. “Thomas Shard,” he said and stuck out his hand.
“Adolph Shryock, folks call me Ade.”
“Ok, Ade. Welcome to Leyden.”
“Thanks.”
“I understand you’re the chief of security at General Paper.”
“I am.”
“And I take it you’re here with your bosses who are in town to look over Northern Paper.”
“Exactly.”
“Are you part of the negotiating team?”
Shryock looked at Shard as if he’d won a trophy for dumbness.” 
“Not hardly, unless they’re doing it in here.”
“Good point,” Shard said.
“But why did you come, then?”
“Not that it’s any of your business, but I made the arrangements. Reserved the company plane and stocked it with their favorite food and beverages, rented suites in Utica, and stuff like that. A couple of my guys are always with them to make sure they’re not hassled. I took a little time off to play my favorite game.”
Rita ran eleven balls and left the cue ball touching the three, smack in the middle of the table.
“It’s all yours, Ade,” she said through a wicked smile.
“Thanks.”
He circled the table warily, like a cat stalking a vole, Shard thought. Finally, he put a ton of English on a shot that sent the three spinning against three rails and into the side pocket. Shard was impressed, Rita looked as if it were a simple shot.
Shard walked over next to Rita. “We had a busy night last night, car tires slashed all over town.” 
“Really?”
“Yup.”
“And you think I know anything about it?”
“Well, I think it odd that since you’ve arrived we’ve had shootings and tire slashings against people connected with the paper mill.”
“What the hell do I care about the mill? I have my own case to worry about.” 
“That’s what I asked myself. Your friend here works for the people who want to buy Northern. Maybe a little pressure on the Harkness family and the mill managers might prompt them to deal.”
“You’re grasping at straws, Lieutenant. Your interest in me tells me that you haven’t a clue about who’s doing this stuff. You want to believe that nobody in this cute town would do it or that all crimes originate in the big city? Which is it?”
“Wrong on all counts. You claim you have a case here and yet I find you always around a pool table. I do have suspects for all this and you’re one of them. Sometimes crime does come here from New York, but not often. Maybe General Paper brought it with them. Where were you last night, say after midnight?”
“You already know. I was keeping an eye on my prey and hustling a few dollars at the table. In fact, I took a couple hundred off Ade.”
“You know that gambling is against the law?”
“Sure, but I’m not gambling. It’s a sure thing. I always win. Besides, Ade won’t pay off until we’re out of your jurisdiction.”
“You played all night?”
“Of course not. We played until this dump closed at two and then went back to my room at the Lock. The rest of the night. That was sure thing too.” 
She winked at him with the most licentious look he’d seen in years. 
“Besides, it was too damned cold to take my ice pick and stab tires. I had other distractions to amuse me.”
“What time did Ade leave your room this morning?”
“If it’s any of your business, around seven o’clock. He had to go down to Utica. And if you are wondering what I did at that unholy hour, I rolled over into his warm spot and went back to sleep. I’m not an early girl.”
Shard wasn’t certain of that.
Ade ran the table and was half way through the next rack. He never looked at them, but Shard was certain he heard every word.
On the way back to headquarters, Periwinkle said, “she’s tough, Boss. Undeniably beautiful and sexy, but hard and cold at the same time. Difficult woman to read.”
“Do you think she told us the truth?”
Periwinkle watched the snow swirl around the car. “Hard to tell. Ade is attractive, although not my type, and they might have had a tryst. I’ll bet she’s sexually active, perhaps even predatory. But maybe afterwards she got out of bed and slashed some tires. Maybe it turns her on. Who knows?”
“They were there at closing time, the bartender told me. That part of her alibi is tight unless she slashed the tires before she got there. If she did though, I should think that at least one owner would have noticed it before dawn. Except Harold of course. We still don’t know if his tires were flattened. I bet they were though.”
“He ought to be up by now. Would he care if someone slashed his tires? His mother will get him another car rather than buy new tires. And he’d bitch about it.”
“Did you catch the most interesting thing Rita said?” Shard asked.
Periwinkle watched a clot of snowflakes bounce off the top of her rear view mirror. They glinted as they danced.
“If you mean the ice pick. Yes. I thought it an odd tool to mention. Is that a hint that she killed Mr. Harkness?” 
“That’s what I’m mulling over. Maybe she said it to throw us off, after she slashed the tires with something else. Besides, we don’t know for sure that the killer used an ice pick. It could have been an awl, screwdriver, a drill bit, a hatpin, meat thermometer, almost anything, in which case her comment is meaningless. But if it was a pick, she put herself right in the picture, didn’t she?”
Wednesday, Late Afternoon
Shard never made it to his office. Neil caught him the minute he came through the door. “Lieutenant, the sheriff wants to see you. Now.”
“Thanks. Are you working the evening shift too?”
“Yes, Sir. I’m going to have a good paycheck this week.”
Bluder, rumored to possess an iron bladder, blocked the entrance to the Kaiser’s inner sanctum.
“Hello, beautiful.” 
“Where’ve you been, Lieutenant? The sheriff looked for you all afternoon.”
“I interviewed a couple of suspects in the Harkness case.”
“Why didn’t you answer your cell phone?”
Shard despised cell phones.
“My cell phone. Well, you see Hilda, I seem to have misplaced it. I haven’t seen it since Christmas, maybe Thanksgiving. It’ll turn up soon though, I’m sure.”
“It’d better. It’s the department’s.”
“Oh, right.”
“Go on in, but watch out for the blow. It’s coming.”
“Thanks.”
The Kaiser sat with his fingers entwined across his ample belly. The twitch in his bushy mustache betrayed his calm demeanor. A bad sign, Shard thought.
“Miserable weather today, Sir.” 
“The weather in here has been worse.”
“In here, Sir?”
“I sat here this morning and took a beating from Gloria Harkness. I don’t have to tell you that she’s not a happy woman.”
“I wouldn’t be either Sir if my husband was murdered.”
“You miss the point Lieutenant. She’s madder than a wet hen because someone slashed all her tires last night. They slashed her son’s too. Do you know who she holds responsible for eight flat tires?”
“I suspect I do Sir.” He ignored the cliché.
“You’re absolutely right, me. I had nothing to do with her damned tires, but you did! If you’d solved this mess, I wouldn’t have had to face that dragon. I never could understand what Steve saw in her.”
“She’s not the sweetest woman in town, Sir, I’ll give you that.”
“She went on to wonder how many decades it would take us to bring her husband’s murderer to justice, inquired whether the county would pay for her shattered windows, asked whether I’ve ever had competent detectives, threatened to file an harassment suit against the department because you abused Harold, and most important, promised never to contribute another dime to my reelection campaign.”
“I didn’t lock Harold up after we caught him at the roadblock with the rifle used to shoot out his mother’s windows. I let him go to keep Gloria off your back. I figured she’d be pleased with treatment we gave her little rat.”
“Well, she wasn’t. Did you accuse him of shooting at those cars?”
“I did mention that there might be a slight possibility that he’d done it since he had the offending rifle. Yes.”
“She said that you accused him and she was going to sue the department.”
“On what grounds?”
“Defamation of her son’s character.”
“Good grief.”
“You think Harold killed his old man?”
“Not really. He’s too lazy and probably couldn’t plan anything that complex. But, he’s still on my list.”
“I forgot, something else pulled her string. Because we haven’t solved the shootings either, her managers, whom she called cowardly, yellow-bellied wimps, are urging her to sell to General Paper. She doesn’t want to do that but may have to protect Harold. She said it will be our fault if she sells and General paper closes the mill and puts five hundred voters out of work. It serves us right, she said, because we’ve done nothing to catch these people.”
“Periwinkle, Johnsen, and I have worked twenty-four hours a day and we’re making progress.”
“Could you enlighten me on your progress? If I were privy to it this morning I could’ve smothered her with facts.”
“I try to keep you up to date, sir, but here’s where we stand,” and Shard smothered him with names, facts, suppositions, hopes, and promises.
“So, you think this Rita has something to do with the shootings.”
“Maybe the murder too, but I can’t figure out how’s she’s connected to this. She could well be what she says she is, a PI on a surveillance case here.”
“I don’t like PIs in my town, Lieutenant. They make it look as if my department can’t keep order.”
“I’ll keep a close watch on her and Spylark. Don’t worry.”
“I’m not worried about them. I’m worried about Gloria and her goofball son. She has pull in town and I need all of it I can get. This is a tough election, my boy. So, don’t harass either one of them.”
The Kaiser shifted in the chair, probably, Shard thought, because he’d dumped all his weighty problems on him.
“I’ll be more careful, Sir, but she’s a hot pistol. I never know how she’ll react to the most innocent question.”
“I know. Now for the question you didn’t ask.”
“What would that be Sir?”
“The weather, of course. The snow will taper off tonight and it will turn much, much colder, I think down to minus twenty. So, bring your dog in, Lieutenant.”
“ I don’t have one, Sir.”
“We’ll you ought to. They keep you warm at night.”
Wednesday Evening
Shard went downstairs.
“Neil, would you give me the box of staples in the right hand top drawer please?”
Neil handed the box to Shard and watched him take out a Camel. Neil examined it to see if it held any more cigarettes.
“It doesn’t Neil. Thanks.”
Back in his office, it occurred to Shard that nobody from the department had checked with Collins today. If he calls the Kaiser, Shard thought, I am in trouble. 
He picked up his phone.
“I expected to hear from you sometime today, Lieutenant. If you called earlier I probably was in a meeting.”
“I hear the General Paper people are in town.”
“I’ve been talking to them all day and leave in a few minutes for supper with them in Utica.”
“I just wanted to check in about your slashed tires.”
“That was a surprise, especially after someone shot at my car the other day. What the hell is going on Lieutenant?”
“I wish I knew, Mr. Collins, but I promise you we’re working hard on it. All of the victims are connected to the mill or Harkness’s family and I suspect this leads back to the sale of the mill.”
“We’ve concluded that ourselves, Lieutenant. I don’t mind telling you that we’re frightened. We could end up like Steve.”
“The rumors are that you guys think that it might be better to sell out.”
“I don’t want to die for the mill or for Gloria. Remember, she owns the mill, we don’t. If we stay private, our futures here are uncertain.”
“I understand.”
“Also, General Paper has upped its offer and I can tell you it’s a very attractive one. Probably more than we’re worth.”
“Why are they so anxious to buy?”
“Simple. They’ll get a larger share of the market. And the money is rolling in here right now. General says it won’t close us down as long as we’re profitable. The minute we aren’t though, they’ll shutter this place.”
“If you close you’ll really hurt Leyden, you know.”
“We’re well aware of that. The irony is, though, that Feldon and I and a few others will make out well either way. Our options will be in General Paper stock, not our private stuff. Plus, there’s always the chance that we can catch on with General Paper.”
“Which way do you lean?”
“I can’t tell you that because I don’t want to tip my hand, it’s weak enough already. Gloria holds all the aces. All I can do is try to do is get her to do what we want. At least I don’t have to deal with Harold. By the way, speaking of rumors, I heard you caught that little bastard with the rifle he used to shoot at my car. Is that right?”
“I shouldn’t say anything, but yes I did. He’s got a long tale about who put him up to it and we want to explore that before we charge him with anything.”
“I’d love to get hold of him. I’d ram his stupid head through my shattered back window.”
“I understand, Mr. Collins. A couple more questions, though. Where does Mr. Feldon stand on the General Paper deal?”
“He’s like me, he might be talked into it now. I think he’s more scared of what’s going on than I am. He can be persuaded to go either way.”
“What about Mrs. Harkness?”
“Who the hell knows? If she needs money now, she’ll probably sell. If she doesn’t, she might keep us and drive us all nuts.”
“I wish you luck in whatever you decide to do. I think most of us in town root for you to do whatever saves jobs. In the meantime, we’ll find out what’s going on and you’ll be among the first to know. Fair enough?”
“It’ll have to be, Lieutenant.”

CHAPTER 11
Lies and More Lies
Wednesday Evening
Shard walked up to O’Reilly who, wordlessly, handed him a Camel and a double shot of Highland Park with two ice cubes.
“Congratulations Lieutenant, both of these are on the house.”
“Congratulations for what?”
“You finally solved a case.”
“I did?”
“You being coy Lieutenant?”
“No, I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about.”
“You found the co-op’s John Deere riding mower. And there wasn’t a scratch on it. My brother manages the place and he’s thrilled. Those things are expensive.”
“Oh, that. It just took our usual brilliant detective work. Tell your brother to remember the sheriff at election time.”
“I will, Lieutenant.”
“Thanks for the drink. You’re right I deserve it tonight.”
Shard had just settled under the moose head when he heard Periwinkle order a double Rip Van Winkle.
“You waiting for someone, Boss?”
“Just you.”
“Thanks.”
“I heard you and Johnsen found the lawn mower.”
“It was more than that. It’s humongous, almost a tractor.”
“How’d you find it?”
“You know that new guy you make fun of, Henry something - ”
“Polk.”
“Yeah, that’s it. Well, he saw some guy driving it up the street behind Patels. We went down and arrested the guy.”
“Who was it?”
“I don’t know him. Some fella named Toby Dell. You know him?”
“There are a bunch of Dells in town, he has to be one of them.”
“Big guy, I mean big. Muscles everywhere and between his ears too, I think. He told us he borrowed it to plow his driveway and was returning it when we stopped him. He told us that it ran ‘really good.’”
“I’m glad.”
“How’d you make out with the Kaiser? Was he mad?”
“About as irritated as I’ve ever seen him. Gloria was all over him this morning, complained that we harassed that cretin of hers and threatened to cut off her donation to the Kaiser’s reelection campaign. He suggested that we ought to solve the murder and shootings before his election funds dry up. Then I called Collins” and Shard replayed their conversation. 
“I don’t think you ought to pass that information on to your Don. I don’t want to be quoted as a source on company matters. I don’t know if they’re going to sell or not, but they’ve moved towards the sale since I last talked to them.”
“I won’t say anything, Boss. In fact I haven’t talked to him since the night after your checkers dinner, which was loads of fun, incidentally.”
“Thanks.”
She took a large sip of her bourbon.
“Frankly, I’m not sure there’s much of a future in that relationship.”
“I’m sorry to hear that Periwinkle. Why?”
“A while back Johnsen asked me what I thought of Don. When I told him, he said something like ‘that sounds like a description of your favorite uncle.’ He’s right, it did. It’s been preying on my mind. I don’t want to marry my favorite uncle. Don’t get me wrong, Boss, Don’s a great guy, good natured and bright. But he doesn’t get my purr motor started. Does that make any sense?”
“Absolutely, and I’m sorry to hear it. I thought you guys made a cute couple. Have you told him he’s your favorite uncle?”
“Not yet. He’s nice. I hope he suspects that I care for him less that way than he cares for me.”
“You’re going to have to say something because it’s cruel to string him along. I hope that you’ll let him down easy. Stay friends and all that. I speak from experience. Hope did the opposite when she ran off.”
“I’m sorry, Boss.”
“Thanks, but I’m pretty well over it now.”
“Good.”
Periwinkle decided not to bring up Ellen’s role in assuaging Shard’s wounded pride.
They exchanged glances in an awkward pause.
“Back to our cases, Periwinkle. You remember Johnsen’s tale about Freydis?”
“Yes, you’ve mentioned it before.”
“I can’t get it out of my mind. Johnsen’s sagas sometimes go to the crux of our investigations.”
“You’re right, but most of the time he’s about ninety degrees off.”
“Yeah. But I have this gnawing suspicion that he was right that night. I think that we’re dealing with two, maybe three separate crimes here, like Freydis, and that women might be behind all of them. What I can’t fathom is why. If I knew that I could figure out which women are paired, because I don’t think all three are. Rita and Gloria? If they’re in cahoots it would have to be about selling the mill. Debra and Gloria? Now they would make strange bedfellows, no pun intended, and this all would have to do with passion, maybe money, and Steve’s infidelities. Rita and Debra? I can’t begin to guess what those two have in common except for sex with Harold or his father. And here’s the kicker. What if we’re dealing with two sets of crimes, the murder on one hand and the shootings and tire slashings on the other? That might mean we have two separate pairings of the women. Like Freydis. What do you think?”
Periwinkle leaned back in her chair, gazed up at the moose’s dewlap, and pushed the sleeves of her russet-colored sweater up. Shard thought she had the most beautiful forearms he’d ever seen.
“I think you’re way ahead of me here, Boss. If I look at one crime at a time, I think Rita and Gloria are capable of murder. They’re both tough, in different ways, of course. If Johnsen’s right, I don’t see Debra as the murderer, but what if she’s the woman Harold claims she is? Cheating on Harkness with his son? Now, that’s cheap and mean and vicious. If she can do that she might do anything. If Harold’s right about the car shootings, she’s dangerous. But can we trust that little dipshit? On the face of it, I believe Debra, but Harold’s version does explain some things. Does that answer your question, Boss?”
“It does, I have it all sorted out now. We’ll talk to Debra in the morning.”
“You do? We will?”
“My instincts tell me we’re on the right track and I need another drink. Are you game? My treat.”
“Sure, Boss.”
“As long as we’re here, do you want to sample Mrs. O’s special tonight? What is it, Wednesday? Veal cutlets and red cabbage.”
“Ok, but does she serve red cabbage with everything?”
“Not with her franks and beans.”
“Why all the red cabbage?”
“Because I like it. Now, by the time we’ve eaten our cabbage we’ll have solved all our problems, personal and professional. Besides the Kaiser told me it’ll get down to twenty below tonight and it’s nice and warm here under my moose.”
Thursday Morning
“I’m glad everyone is here on time this morning. Of course, it’s nine o’clock so it wasn’t too onerous a task.”
“But it’s twenty-seven below zero out there, Boss, and the wind chill must make it feel like fifty below.”
“A mere cool spell for a Viking, I should think,” Shard said. “If we’re lucky it’ll soon snow again and raise the temperature.”
“What a choice,” Periwinkle said from beneath her knit cap that hid her glory and through the upturned collar of her pea jacket.
“It’s probably sixty degrees in here. If you take off your coat, hat, scarf, and gloves you’ll probably survive.”
“Thanks anyway,” she said.
“I just called Debra who said she’d be delighted to entertain us this morning. She’ll have tea and scones for us.”
Periwinkle snickered from somewhere deep within her coat.
“I want you guys to scope her out. Is Harold right about her? Is she telling us the truth? I want an alibi that we can check. OK?”
Debra didn’t put out tea and scones, but she did serve coffee from a silver urn and offer a silver platter piled with unglazed, Patel donuts. 
“I am sorry that someone slashed your tire,” Shard said. “There’s something afoot around here and I assure you we’ll find out what it is.”
“I hope so, Lieutenant. I’m scared. I’m not safe in my own house and don’t have Steve to protect me anymore.”
“For what it’s worth, Ms. Newbill, I don’t think anybody will hurt you or any of the others. They want to scare you and have succeeded.”
“You may call me Debra, everyone does.”
“Ok, Debra, let me ask you a question. The other cars had all their tires slashed. Yours only had one. Why do you think that is?”
She gave him a quizzical look.
“I’m sure I don’t know, Lieutenant. You’d have to ask the guy who did it.”
“I think it’s odd, that’s all. He broke his routine for some reason.”
“Maybe I got up to use the bathroom, turned on the light, and frightened him off.”
“Did you get up that night?”
“I don’t remember. I try not to wake up much, that way I can get back to sleep easily.”
“Makes sense,” Shard said. “Where were you that night?”
“Are you accusing me of running around shredding tires? Why would I do that?”
“I haven’t the foggiest, Ms. Newbill. I would just like to know where you were so I can delete your name from my list of possibles.”
“So, I’m a possible?”
“A whole lot of people are, Ms. Newbill.”
“I was right here. All night.”
“Anyone here with you?”
“If you’re suggesting that I had a man here, you’re miles off base Lieutenant.”
“I’m not suggesting anything. For all I know your neighbors might bring you cookies and milk at bedtime.”
“No, I was alone. I am all the time now.”
Shard tried to picture Harold in the house at night. He found it hard to bring it into focus.
“Wait a minute though. I just remembered. I ordered a blouse from Land’s End about midnight. They must have a record of that somewhere.”
“If they don’t, the phone company will,” Shard said.
“Also, I woke up early and called time and temperature about five thirty. If they keep records of who called I’m in the clear. Right?”
“Assuming that the slasher was out then, yes.”
“Unless, of course, you used a cell phone to call time and temperature while you cut tires,” Johnsen said.
Debra glared at him.
“Just kidding.”
“Have you seen Harold since we talked to you?” Shard asked.
“No, but if I do he’s going to get an earful. I don’t know why he lied about me unless it was to save his own hide.”
“Do you know a woman named Rita?” Shard asked.
“No.”
“How about Robyn Herring?”
“Again, no. Why do you ask?”
“I’m trying to connect the dots, that’s all. How about a man from New York City named Adolph Shylock?”
“It’s Shryock, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“Yeah, Adolph Shryock.”
“Never heard of him.”
“One other thing. Do you plan to stay in Leyden?”
“I don’t know. Steve was generous enough to leave me this house and the wonderful things he gave me, but I can’t afford to keep the place. The taxes are killers and I’ll need a new roof soon. So, I’ll probably have to sell it, even though I love it.”
“That’s all the questions I have,” he said. “I’m sorry to bother you. Your coffee and donuts, however, were most welcome. It’s bitter out there.”
“I heard that on the weather this morning. You can’t believe what it costs to heat this place.”
Thursday Morning
 “Calm down, Debra. I don’t know why you have your knickers in a twist.”
“Yours would be in a knot too if you had to sit through the grilling I had this morning. You think these local cops are stupid, but that Lieutenant is brighter than you think.”
“I’ve dealt with guys like him for years. They couldn’t figure out a case if they had the answer on a three by five card. They like to wear uniforms and guns.”
“He doesn’t wear a gun, but he asked if I knew you.”
“And you said?”
“Of course not. But they know about you. Why would they think I’d know you? They must have come up with some connection.”
“Don’t be stupid, girl. They have no connection; they’re stumbling around in the dark. I stand out because I’m female, not white, carry a gun, and from out of town. These hicks up here can’t stand out of towners, they’re hopelessly parochial. So, don’t worry.”
“Who’s this guy Shylock they asked me about? Is he your friend?”
“I don’t know if friend is the right word, but we’re working together on your behalf. Don’t worry, you won’t have to meet him.”
“Keeping him for yourself, are you?”
“What are you trying to say?”
“Is he your squeeze? Good in the sack? Huh?”
“You’ll never know. Go knit or something.”
Thursday Morning
 “OK guys, what do you think of Debra’s alibi?” 
“I still like her, Boss. I think she’s the straight arrow type –“
“Oh come on Norseman. She was a mistress, kept, living in sin, and all the rest,” Periwinkle said.
“All right, for a mistress, then, she’s the straight arrow type. She loved the guy. I think she’s basically a nice woman.”
“I can’t figure her Boss,” Periwinkle said. “She’s too smooth, always has the ready answer. Too pat, if you get my meaning.”
“I want to believe she’s a nice as Johnsen says she is, but on the other hand there’s something about her that gets under my fingernails. I can’t get rid of the feeling that she’s like poisoned tapioca pudding, smooth and deadly.”
“Ooooh, that’s good, Boss,” Johnsen said. 
“I’m serious. Did you catch the smoothest dollop of pudding she fed us?”
Periwinkle and Johnsen looked at each other in hopes the other would take the first guess. 
“OK, I’ll tell you. I thought her alibi was too pat, too contrived.”
“Why Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
“She tried too hard to nail something down for the hours we think the tire slasher was on the rampage. Who the hell orders a blouse a midnight? Does that strike you as normal? You ever order one at that hour Periwinkle?”
“I can’t say as I have, but Land’s End’s order desk is open twenty-four hours a day. Some women must add to their wardrobes at strange hours.”
“Point. But maybe they stay open to sell to people around the globe and have to deal with the time differences. Ever think of that?”
“Borneo tribesmen call in the for pinpoint shirts in the middle of our night?” Johnsen asked.
“Wise guy. I’ll bet Australians do, though. Does she look like the type who does midnight shopping? She doesn’t to me. And then there’s her other alibi. Time and temperature at five-thirty. She has clocks all over the place and a mercury thermometer outside her den window, the one that wasn’t shot out. All she had to do is look.”
“But, if she’s lying in bed, Boss, and it’s cold, she might not have wanted to go downstairs to check the temperature. She called from under her warm covers. Makes sense to me,” Periwinkle said.
“Maybe. Do you guys know the time and temperature number?”
“I don’t,” Johnsen said, “but that doesn’t mean she doesn’t.”
“I still think her alibi’s flimsy,” Shard said. “And why does she need an alibi if she didn’t do anything? I think it was a prepared one and somehow it’s tied to the fact that she only had one tire cut. What’s that mean?”
“My guess is that she knows who did it and he cut hers to take suspicion off her, but didn’t want to cut all of them,” Periwinkle said.
“Bingo. That makes sense. But who’s her confederate? And why?” Shard asked.
Thursday Late Morning
Shard sat with his feet on his desk and tried to decide if he wanted beans and franks for lunch. To help him think, he took off the battery plate on his clock radio and removed a Camel. At that moment Witry walked in.
“Can I come in?”
“You already are, and you don’t look happy about it.”
“I’m on a client’s business, or I wouldn’t darken your door.”
“Who’s the client?”
“Can I sit down,” Witry asked, as he surveyed the one possibility for a seat.
“Be my guest.”
“Mr. Charbeneau wants me to give you some information that might help you with in your murder case.”
“He’s running for exemplary citizen of the year?”
Witry ignored Shard’s sarcasm. “He wants you to know that the colored woman is still in town.”
“I already know that. Why’s he so interested in her?”
“He thinks she’s up to no good.”
“She’s a licensed private investigator, Witry, here on a surveillance. She won’t tell me whom she’s watching. Does Charbeneau think it might be him? Does he want me to get her off his back?”
“You’ve got it all wrong, Lieutenant. Why would she be interested in him? He runs a gas station.”
“Yeah, we’ve already gone through all that.”
“Anyway, he sends some news for you. His personal assistants were on their way home from work at about 4:00 am the other morning and saw something interesting.”
“Does Charbeneau keep his station open all night now? To catch the odd motorist who needs a gallon of gas to get to a real station?”
“Do you want to hear this, or not?”
“Go ahead.”
“These guys saw her at that union guy’s house, fiddling around with his car in the driveway. They stopped a ways up the street and waited to see what would happen.”
“They didn’t happen to be following her, did they?”
“I told you, they were on their way home.”
“I’m not going to ask why they happened to be on Mr. Higgins’s street.”
“Good. Now if you’ll shut up, I’ll finish the story. They followed her out to Olde Towne Estates on the Albany Post Road where the colored woman turned in. Mr. Charbeneau’s assistants decided not to, they went on home and told Mr. Charbeneau about it the next morning. After the news came out in the Sun-Times about the tires that had been cut, he put two and two together. His boys aren’t sure she cut them, but it sure looks suspicious, don’t you think?”
“For once Witry, I agree with you. Did they see whether anybody was with her?”
“Mr. Charbeneau didn’t tell me about anybody else.”
“That could be important. Would you call and ask him? Use my phone.”
Witry hung up and said, “Mr. Charbeneau said they didn’t mention anybody else. He reminded me to tell you that his assistants will not testify in court to what they saw. They’ll say they didn’t see anyone. They’re very shy.”
“I’ll bet,” Shard said. “But please tell your client that I appreciate his help. If he picks up any more information I’d appreciate a nod.”
“I wouldn’t count on it. I advised him to stay out of this, but he insisted I come by.”
“That just shows what a fine, upstanding citizen he is.”
“Go to hell, Shard”
Witry passed Periwinkle on his way out. She came into the office carrying a white bag.
“I stopped by Patels and picked up a corned beef on Pita and four donuts for Luke and Dizzy. They were right where we should be in this weather, snuggled up against the radiator in the Post Office.”
“They’re also there in the middle of the summer. I think they’re frustrated mailmen, or something.”
“While I was at Patels, I was in line behind Shryock. I suggested he get the corned beef and he did.”
“Was Rita with him?”
“No. Was Witry here? I saw him on the stairs.”
Shard explained his visit.
“So, Rita slashed the tires? She told us she was in bed with Shryock. I wonder if her buddy was with her on her errand.”
“You assume that Charbeneau fed us good information. I can think of bunches of reasons why he’d want us thrown off the scent. Is he mixed up in the politics behind the mill’s sale? He does have a couple of marginally useful thugs. They can probably shoot and not hit anyone and they look like tire slashers. But who’s using Charbeneau? And why? I’m struck by the fact that he seems bent on getting Rita out of town.”
“I’d hate to have Rita after me,” Johnsen said, as he looked at the wastebasket with dismay. They brought him up to speed on their discussion.
“If his boys won’t testify in court,” Johnsen said, “their evidence is tainted from the start and useless later.”
“True, but if they saw what they said they did, it puts some things in perspective.”
“Such as, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
“For one thing, it cuts out a possible pair of females, Gloria and Debra. They never made a lot of sense anyway, unless they hired Rita to do their dirty work. But she appears smarter than that. That leaves us with Rita-Debra and Rita-Gloria combos. That might explain why Debra had a fishy alibi concocted for us.”
“Because she knew Rita did it and wants to protect her?” Periwinkle asked.
“Maybe Rita cut only one tire on Debra’s car because they’re in this together.”
“If they’re a pair, why would they kill Harkness?” Johnsen asked. “I still don’t think Debra’s involved, but if she were, why kill the golden goose? To get more eggs, somehow?”
“That’s a possibility. Maybe to make a million somehow out of the mill’s sale,” Shard said.
“But that leaves her alone in the world with money. She doesn’t strike me as a woman who can live without a man whom she loves,” Johnsen said.
“If you’re right, Norseman, that leaves us a Rita-Gloria team. Did they kill Harkness to get him out of the way? But, why? Collins and Feldon told me that he wanted to sell the plant. Gloria would have gotten the money either way, keep or sell.”
“Maybe she despised him and killed him so she could get his money,” Periwinkle said.
“Yeah, but did she know what his will said? Shard said.
Thursday Noon  
“This reminds me of a saga,” Johnsen said, “an obscure one, but one that might shed some light on our thoughts here.”
“Oh, God,” Periwinkle said, not quite under her breath.
“No, let him go on,” Shard said, “sometimes he makes sense.”
“There is a story in The Tale of Ogmund Bash that speaks to this. It seems that the god Frey lived in Sweden with his wife and was worshipped by the Swedes as if he were human. They often brought women for his amusement because he was the god of fertility and sex. Anyway, a Norwegian on the run, named Gunnar Half and Half – “
“Where in gods’ names do you get these names, Norseman? One’s worse than the other,” Periwinkle said.
“As I said, Gunnar fled to Sweden where he came to Frey’s house. Frey didn’t much like him but his wife did and connived to have Frey take him on a journey to a feast to guarantee good crops. A blizzard blew up and only Frey, his wife, and Gunnar were left with the cart and horse. Gunnar became exhausted leading the horse and Frey got angry. He got off the cart and began to wrestle with Gunnar. Gunnar, a former Christian, killed him. Now, here’s my point. With Frey dead, Gunnar gave the wife two choices, either he would abandon her there in the blizzard or he’d stay with her if she told everybody he was Frey. She agreed to take him as her husband. Gunnar dressed in Frey’s clothes and people believed he was Frey. Later, however, the Swedes began to suspect he was a fraud and he and his wife escaped to Norway where they were baptized as Christians.”
Periwinkle and Shard stared at Johnsen on the wastebasket.
“You see how the story fits here?” Johnsen asked.
“It’s one of two things,” Shard said. “Either it’s too complex for a simple cop’s mind or it’s so damned simple I missed the point. Explain it to us and speak slowly for those of us descended from higher civilizations.”
Periwinkle grinned.
“OK, Boss. Under duress the wife took up with her husband’s murderer, even though he was a stranger. She compounded her sin with her flight to Norway and baptism. Remember, she had been a pagan god’s wife.”
“Yeah, but he was the god of sex. It must have been pretty humdrum to bed a mere mortal,” Periwinkle said.
“That has nothing to do with it.” 
“OK, Norseman, let’s get to the gist of this. Who’s Frey? Who’s the wife? Who’s Gunnar Half and Half?” Shard asked.
“It’s not that simple, Boss.”
“It never is with your tales. Just give us the general idea.”
“OK, it’s something like this. The god in Leyden was Harkness. Somebody killed him, Gunnar Half and Half? Someone like him? An out of town stranger? Someone Harkness knew but didn’t like very much? Someone his wife thought was all right? His wife or mistress takes up with the killer. Shryock? Or let’s ignore gender. The Vikings sometimes bent it. Maybe the stranger is a female who took up with the god but fooled the wife and mistress. Or maybe Harkness’s killer didn’t want his wife or mistress, just his possessions. The important point is that the family knew the killer. He might have been a stranger in the geographic sense, but he wasn’t unknown in the house of Frey. Make sense now?”
Shard pulled out the third drawer of his filing cabinet and took a Camel out of a folder marked “N” which he threw on the pile on top.
“If I get this right, you’re intimating that Rita was the stranger who killed Harness, because that feebleminded family scion, Harold, knew her in the Biblical manner. Am I right?”
“That’s certainly one interpretation, Boss.”
“Or Skyrock could be Half and Half and the saga says that he had a hold on Gloria. Does she even know the guy?”
“It’s Shryock, Boss, and we don’t know. But he works for General Paper so it’s just possible,” Periwinkle said.
“Or Debra could be the outsider, in the sense that she’s genetically and ritually outside the Harkness clan. She does him in and then takes whom for her husband and lover? Harold? Good grief, I’d stick with Frey.”
“How about Shryock, Boss? He knocks off Harkness and claims the mistress,” Periwinkle said.
“Doesn’t that seem the hard way to get a mistress?” Johnsen asked. “Bars are full of potential mistresses. She’s not ravishing, you know. What’s she have that the women I meet in bars don’t?” 
“Money,” Shard and Periwinkle said in unison.
“Ah, yes,” but the modern Gunnar would have to work for it.”
“So did Gunnar Half and Half,” Shard said.
Shard sat for a long time staring at the top of Periwinkle’s head without admiring her luscious hair. They feared he had retreated into his private preserve, but he hadn’t.
“I’m hip deep in mating the Freydis and Gunnar sagas, Norseman, and on first blush it appears more complex than Einstein’s unification theory was. However, while I wandered in the Swedish bogs, I did recall something you picked up early in the case and I didn’t follow up on.”
“Pray tell, what is it, Boss?”
“Someone told you, and I think it was the guy who parked cars at the Christmas Eve party, that Gloria chased Harkness down after the party and forced him to let her in his SUV. I think you said he took off with her, driving very fast. Later, the radiologist who lives near Gloria in the condos said he didn’t bring her home and didn’t know who did. Then, one of you, or maybe both, told me that Harold didn’t know when his mother came home. I can’t believe I didn’t pursue that angle earlier. I must be well into my dotage.”
“Never, Boss,” Periwinkle said. Johnsen tried to figure out whether he ought to agree with her.
“Let’s assume then that Gloria was the last to see her husband, and let’s assume that she killed him. How does she fit in the Gunnar-Frey saga?”
“She doesn’t, Boss, unless she inveigled some guy to kill him for her with promises only she could make to the man, get me?”
“Even I’m not that dense, Norseman. First thing after lunch, we talk to Gloria. The Kaiser is going to kill us when we hit her with Frey and Half and Half, but I’ll send Johnsen in to take my beating. What day is this? Thursday? Mrs. O has her famous franks and beans on special. I’m outta here.”
Thursday Afternoon
Gloria was clearly not in a pleasant mood when she found three policemen standing at her door.
“Oh, it’s you,” She said.
“We’d like to talk to you, if you have time,” Shard said.
She took them through to the back of the house where Shard noticed that she had had the windows replaced. Even on such a bleak day the room was light and airy.
She looked at Shard. “Why didn’t you visit me in the hospital after I was shot? I think I deserved at least that.”
“After Periwinkle told me that you weren’t shot, I didn’t want to bother you.”
“Well, you should have. I had a lot to tell you. Now, after my tires are cut and poor Harold’s car is sitting on the ground too, you make the effort to come by. You pay more attention to things than you do people. I went to see Sheriff Stutzenberger yesterday and mentioned all this to him. At least he got you out of your comfy chairs to come to see me.”
“If you could see our chairs, maam, you’d know why we don’t spent much time in them,” Johnsen said.
Gloria looked at him quizzically.
“We didn’t come to talk about your tires, but since we’re here, do you have any idea who would do that to you and Harold?” Shard asked.
“No. You get paid to answer that. I don’t.”
“Fair enough. Why do you think someone did it to your cars?”
“Same answer, Lieutenant. I don’t know any people like that. Nobody at the club would do such a thing. I bet it was some union goons. Talk to that thug, Dank. He’ll know.”
“We’ll do that Mrs. Harkness. We’ll find out who did it. Don’t worry.”
“Well, your record so far is less than exemplary.”
Shard ignored her insult.
“We’re here, Mrs. Harkness, about your husband’s murder. You told me that Dr. Ashby and his wife brought you home after the Christmas Eve party and that you didn’t know when your husband left. Is that right?”
Shard sensed a moment’s hesitation in her eyes. “Yes.”
“Dr. Ashby told us later that he didn’t bring you home and he didn’t know who did. One of the valets that night remembered that you ran out of the club to Mr. Harkness’s SUV and pounded on his door as he was about to drive off. He said you got in and the two of you drove off. Why did you lie?”
She hesitated for a long moment.
“All right, I didn’t tell you the exact truth.”
“Why not?” Shard asked.
“It looked like I was the last person to see Steve alive or that I killed him. And you know that I didn’t. I couldn’t. Besides, what did I have to gain by it? Ask yourself that.”
“You can be sure that I have,” Shard said. “And I don’t know that you didn’t do it. Everybody is still a suspect. But tell me why you were so anxious to get in his SUV that you nearly made him run over you?”
“I needed to talk to him alone.”
“What did you talk about?” 
“I wanted us to get back together, Lieutenant. There was no need to divorce if he’d dump his little slut. I told him if he did, I’d forgive him.”
“What did he say?”
“He said that he’d give it some thought. I told him that I’d give him twenty-four hours to tell her it was all over.”
“And if he didn’t?”
“Then I would file for divorce and take every cent he had. He’s the one who committed adultery. I didn’t. Worse, everybody I know knew about it. They even knew about her house and car and things, things that by rights should have been Harold’s and mine.”
“What did he say then?”
“He promised he’d tell little Ms. Newbill that their affair was over. I told him that he had to tell her he wasn’t going to support her anymore and wasn’t going to pay her off to go away.”
“He promised to do that?”
“I had to persuade him. I demanded that he do it that night.”
“Where were you when you discussed this?” 
“We just drove around and talked. I don’t know where we went.”
“Then what happened?”
“He promised he’d see her as soon as he dropped me off. I told him I told him I couldn’t trust him. He called her on his cell phone and asked if he could come by. He said ‘I’ll see you,’ and clicked off his phone. I felt better and went into the house.”
“Was Harold up when you came in?”
“I didn’t see him. He wasn’t the most important person on my mind right then.”
“Did you see Mr. Harkness again?”
“No.”
“Did he call you?”
“No.”
“Did Ms. Newbill call you?”
“You gotta be kidding, Lieutenant. I’d have torn her ears off if she had.”
He believed that.
“So, you don’t know where he went after he dropped you off?”
“No. Why can’t you believe me?”
“Well, truthfully Mrs. Harkness, you haven’t been too reliable in the past.”
“The sheriff will hear from me,” she snarled.
“What time did you return home?”
“How would I know? I didn’t care about the time. It wasn’t that long after we left the party. An hour maybe.”
“So, you got back about one o’clock?”
“That sounds about right. What difference does it make?”
“Oh, it makes a great deal, Mrs. Harkness. A great deal. Is there anything else you have to tell us?”
“You know too much already.”
“I only wish we did,” Shard said.
Thursday Afternoon
"God, she’s a bitch,” Johnsen said in the car. “I feel sorry for Harkness. Maybe he’s better off dead.” 
“Somehow, I doubt he’d agree,” Periwinkle said. “He must have loved something about her. He stayed with her a long time and indulged her whims”
“Do you guys believe her new story? And if you do, what does it mean?”
They looked out at the clouds that were the color of a funeral suit, encased in their own thoughts. Shard always asked them this and they were never ready with a nifty answer.
“I think she told us the truth,” Periwinkle said. “It makes sense. But I don’t think she told us everything they said to each other. I’ll bet it must have been a hostile confrontation. I’d love to have been a mouse under their seat.”
“Do you think Harkness promised to see Debra right away?”
“That’s the crucial point, Boss,” Johnsen said. “If he did, she’s the last to see him or the last we know of. If he didn’t, his ride with Gloria may have been his last.”
“But keep in mind,” Periwinkle said, “Gloria was dressed up for the party. Why would she have an ice pick with her? And where would she have put it. In her purse? Party purses are the size of a hummingbird’s nest. Too small, unless someone makes a folding ice pick. A switch pick?”
“Could have been one in the car,” Shard said. “Maybe he kept it to crack ice for the parties at Black Lake.”
“That doesn’t seem right to me,” Johnsen said. “She pulls the ice pick out of the hummingbird’s purse, stabs her husband, drives to the Fosters, and skis home in a cocktail dress? I’ve never worn one, but I don’t believe that story.”
“Well, I have, and I agree with you, Norseman.”
Shard and Johnsen both envisioned Periwinkle in a cocktail dress. They involuntarily smiled.
“Why do you think that the time Gloria got home is so important?” Periwinkle asked.
“Because it would have taken the killer a long time to kill Harkness and ski out of there. If she was home at one there is no way on this planet she could have killed him. But suppose Harkness brought her home sometime before two. The two of them are yelling at one another and wake Harold up. He comes out to see what’s going on. He or Gloria stabs Harkness. Then they dump his body. We know Gloria has been at the Fosters and that they’re both avid skiers. They load up a pair of skis and take two cars. They park Harkness’s in the garage and the other some distance away. One of them, probably Harold, since he’s not wearing a cocktail dress, closes the garage and skis to the second car. They come home and make up their alibis. Harold’s in bed and didn’t hear his mother come in. She at first lies and then tells us she’s home by about one.”
“That’s good Boss. Now, all we have to do is prove it,” Johnsen said.
“There’s the rub,” Shard said, wondering if anything Shakespeare wrote could be a cliché. 
“What do we have to prove any of this?” Periwinkle asked.
“Nothing, other than she lied to cover up something,” Shard said. “But my instinct tells me that they didn’t do it.”
“After that tantalizing scenario?” Periwinkle asked. “That’s not fair. I like the story.”
“I do too,” Shard said, “but it omits too much of what we know. For example, where do Rita and Skyblock fit in? I’m sure they’re involved somehow. And why the shootings and tire slashings? Unless we have three distinct crimes here.”
“You said that you think there are two. Now you think three?”
“Oh, we have three crimes, no doubt. I think they are connected, but I can’t figure out who the perpetrators are and in what order they perpetrated.”
“Is that a verb, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
“Hell if I know, but I liked it,” Shard said.

CHAPTER 12
Corner the Culprit?
Thursday Afternoon.
Shard met Shelly on his way to Neil’s desk.
“Hi beautiful.” 
“Hi Lieutenant. I just stopped by with some homemade cookies for Neil. Poor man has to work the evening shift too.”
“Yeah, I know. It’s his nine kids.”
“He doesn’t want to go home?”
“No, the problem is he’s home too often, hence the nine kids.”
“Only eight,” Shard heard from around the corner.
“Which makes me think,” Shard said to Shelly, “we just came from Debra Newbill’s house. She’s about your age. Were you in high school with her?”
“She was a grade ahead of me. Prettiest girl in school and smart as a whip too.”
Shard didn’t wince at her cliché. She had long ago earned a free one.
“What can you tell me about her?”
“Is she a suspect, Lieutenant?”
“Maybe.”
“Well, she was petite, but had a perfect figure that drew guys. She always had dates. She was so small and graceful and I was the potbellied one who couldn’t walk and chew gum at the same time. But she never got married, isn’t that interesting?”
 “Do you know why?” he asked.
“Rumors have it that she snagged one of the richest men in town, Mr. Harkness.”
“I’ve heard that,” Shard said.
“She was popular. She was vice president of the senior class, belonged to a bunch of clubs, played flute in the band and, of course, sat first chair. Dressed like a million, but I don’t remember what her father did. I seem to think they didn’t have a lot of money. It was just that clothes looked so good on her. She was the best girl skier. Her team had neat jackets. I always wanted one but I can’t stand up on skis.”
“Best skier on the team, huh? That’s interesting. How many years was she on the team?”
“Three, maybe four.”
“Shelly, you’re a genius. If you think of anything else give me a ring, will you?”
“After those chocolate turtles Lieutenant, I’ll call you anytime.”
Thursday Afternoon
Shard came into Periwinkle and Johnsen’s office and found them chatting across their facing desks. They didn’t have a third chair either.
“All of us have talked to Debra several times,” Shard said. “Do you remember whether we ever asked her if she could ski?”
“I didn’t,” Periwinkle said.
“Neither did I,” Johnsen said.
“Well, I didn’t either, but according to Shelly of the chocolate turtles, Debra was the best skier on her high school team. Isn’t that interesting?”
“I guess so, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“Periwinkle, I want you to check the high school yearbooks for when Debra was in school and draw up a biographical outline for me. I want to make sure that Shelly remembers correctly.”
“She always does, Boss,” Johnsen said. “She has a mind like flypaper.”
Shard was stuck the flypaper cliché.
“Does she still ski?” Shard asked. “We know she didn’t salaam with Harkness. Check Adirondack Sports to see if she bought any ski equipment. Of course, she could’ve bought it anywhere, but it would’ve been easier for her to buy it there.”
“You putting her in the picture for Harkness’s murder?” Johnsen asked.
“If she still skis, I certainly would.”
“Except that it wouldn’t explain how she drove two cars out there if she acted alone. She had to have a car to get back, didn’t she?” Periwinkle asked.
“I’ve assumed from the first that the killer would. But would she? Get a topographical map, Johnsen, to see if there are any short cuts back to Leyden from Fosters. Old logging roads and that sort of thing. If there are and she’s really good, she might have been able to make it back well before dawn. I don’t think the killer wanted to be spotted on skis Christmas morning. That would have looked suspicious.”
“I agree, Boss, but who’s out early on Christmas morning?” Periwinkle asked.
“St. Florien’s has a seven o’clock mass. If we’re really lucky, Luke and Dizzy may have been out and about and seen someone skiing up Tilden at dawn. Do you know whether they’re out in the morning?”
No, they both nodded.
“Periwinkle, check with Luke. You have a way with him.”
“Lately, I think I only have a way with males who are mentally deficient.”
Johnsen swung around and looked at her with surprise. What happened to Don, he asked himself, but held his counsel.
So did Shard who understood her comment.
Thursday Evening
“It’s bitter out there tonight, O’Reilly. You don’t know how lucky you are to be in here,” Shard said.
 “No place I’d rather be, Lieutenant,” O’Reilly said as he handed Shard a Camel with his single malt.
Shard spied Witry sitting alone nursing a draft. He walked over and sat down.
“I’d like you to tell your client how much I appreciate his help. His boys’ observations have put a whole new face on the case.”
“Yeah, Lieutenant, I’m sure Mr. Charbeneau will be thrilled to know how highly you think of him.” 
“I bet he will,” Shard said.
Witry scowled.
“Do you ski Witry?”
“Doesn’t everyone here? What the hell else is there to do in the winter?”
“You didn’t answer my question.”
“As if it’s any of your business, I do. It’s the only exercise I get.”
“Do you know Debra Newbill?”
“This is going somewhere, right? Yeah, I know her. Everyone in town knows that she was Harkness’s main squeeze. Bet Harkness’s wife didn’t know though, right?”
Shard ignored his question.
“Did you ever see Debra ski?”
“Sure. She hung out at Birch Valley where I ski sometimes. She was good on the slopes and looked great in the bar.”
“Did you ever try to pick her up?”
“Yeah, every time. She’s a damn tease though. Comes on strong and then backs off when a guy makes a move. You know the type?”
“I take it you didn’t get to first base?”
“What makes you think I tried that?”
“She’s attractive and you’re single. It seems a natural to me.”
“I thought so too, but she didn’t. She never gave me the time of day except when she wanted to flirt. She’s a cold bitch though. Ask any of the guys around Birch Valley. She did the same thing to them.”
“Whom did she drink with?”
“She was a genius at cadging drinks from guys, but I don’t think she ever left with one. I suppose she was afraid Harkness would find out. But that didn’t stop her from sending out her vibes when she wanted to. And she’s got them, believe me.”
“How often was she up there?”
“Nearly every time I went. She was hot stuff in her outfits. God, were they tight. She’s got some curves. Harkness was a lucky man.”
“Not that lucky, Witry.”
Shard saw Doc walking towards them with a brandy snifter.
“Got room for one more?” he asked.
“Sure,” Shard said. Witry barely nodded.
“What brings you into our sacred precincts Doc? I thought you were the country club type,” Shard said.
“I am. I hate to mingle with the rabble but it’s colder than a corpse’s lips out there tonight. I need something to warm my old insides before I drive home.”
“Truck’s heater broken again?” Shard asked.
“Still, Lieutenant. At least mine put out heat when it worked unlike that reverse heat exchanger you have in that tinker toy car of yours.”
“That hurts Doc.”
“Nah. You know it’s true. I meant to have my heater fixed last summer, but never got around to it.”
He shifted his cigar butt to the other corner of his mouth.
“It’s so damned cold that my genuine plastic seat covers feel like a marble mortuary slab. Couple snorts of brandy though and I’ll be fine. Cheaper than getting the damned thing fixed. It’s been broken maybe five years.”
“That’s ten percent of the truck’s life,” Shard said.
“That’s about right. They don’t make things like they used to, do they?”
“Do you ski, Doc?”
“Do I look like I ski? You think I’d ruin this svelte body barreling down some damned slope on a pair of slats? Besides when I ski the wind blows cigar ash off into my eyes. Damned irritant, I tell you.”
“That means you skied once and gave it up after you developed the perfect body?”
“Something like that, yeah.”
“Did you know that Debra Newbill skied?”
“Sure. First hand.”
“What do you mean?”
“Couple years ago she fell and sprained her ankle. A friend of hers brought her to my office. I laid her out in the morgue and used these multi-talented, ever so sensitive fingers – “
Doc held up ten stubby fingers, half of them covered with yellow nicotine stains.
“and determined right away that she had a broken ankle. I tell you she was so pleased with my ministrations she fairly exuded an excess of sensual charm. It took every bit of my noted self control to resist them.”
“You mean she came on to you? You old codger,” Shard said.
“I’m irresistible to women, Lieutenant. It’s the mystical combination of excessive intelligence and sensitivity that I exude. And, they all know I’m a master of the checkerboard. They can’t resist that. Haven’t you ever noticed?”
“Truthfully, Doc, no.”
“This conversation has gone past me,” Witry said as he left.
“Never could stand that sonofabitch,” Doc mumbled through his cigar.
“He claims Newbill turned her charms on him too.”
“Horsefeathers. She’s smarter than that. He isn’t half as good looking as I am.”
“Speaking of that. Want to join me for dinner? Today’s Thursday, I think Mrs. O’s special is veal.”
“I’m game if I can have another brandy. I’m still chilled.”
“What do you hear from your niece?”
“Sherry? She calls me about once a week. She’s scared I’ll keel over. She’s my executrix, you know. She inherits my checkerboard collection and all she has to do is plant me.”
“How does she get along with Johnsen?”
Doc’s eyes widened. “Why’d you want to know about that?”
“Just curious, that’s all.”
“She liked the guy, I think. He was smart enough not to spout all that drivel about Viking hordes when she was around. So, she doesn’t really know him. She’s smarter than a whip, inherited my extraordinary Fox genes.”
“What did you think of the story he told at my house the other night? The one about the two Freydises?”
“More interesting than most. Showed women rule this world.”
Thursday Night
Shard drove into his driveway squinting through the oddly shaped little clear patch on his windshield. 
He fixed a cup of coffee and went out to his barn where it was relatively warm and found a Camel under the radio. His Morgan glistened below the naked light bulbs. He folded his specially impregnated dust rag and sat down next to it and began to shine the rear fenders and chrome spokes.
Women rule the world, Doc said. Perceptive, thought Shard. Gloria said that she threatened Harkness if he didn’t break off with Debra that night. What if he had? What would Debra do? She’s not as sweet as Johnsen thinks. Everyone else says she’s a bitchy schemer. If that’s so, I suspect she got mad. But enough to stab him?”
How could she kill him and get his body in the garage? She couldn’t drive two cars and if she drove one, it had to be his, because she must have killed him in it. He was too heavy for her to lug around. So she kills him and leaves him in the car in Fosters’ garage. But where did she get the skis? The Fosters don’t have any because they don’t come up in the winter, which she probably knew. 
Then there’s the problem of the key. The Fosters must have locked their garage for the winter. How’d she, or anyone else for that matter, get Harkness’s car inside without damaging the door? We know Skobolarski has a key, but he had no reason to kill Harkness. 
Ditto for the ice pick. She might carry mace, but not likely a pick. So why would she have one, or something like it with her? Unless Johnsen finds a forgotten trail from Fosters back to Leyden it would be at least a twenty-mile trek if she followed the highway. The only other way is to thumb a ride. But on Christmas morning, in the middle of nowhere, with a pair of skis? Anyone who picked her up would have come forth by now. More likely, not a car would have gone by. She could’ve called a taxi, but that’d be worse. They keep logs and are easy to check. I suppose she could call a girl friend, someone we’d never think to talk to, but how would she keep her quiet? 
Now Junior’s a possibility. He’s dumb enough to do something like that, but he claims he never went out that night. How’d she get him out there? She could’ve promised him sex. Want some? Come get me. I can picture him doing almost anything for that. But when he learns his father was found dead nearby, even that lint head ought to able to put two and two together. Maybe he doesn’t care. Maybe it’s like one-upping his old man, shagging his mistress right after she kills him. He might get a kick out of that. 
If it is Debra, then she’s the first Freydis and that begs the question of who’s the second Freydis? Johnsen said he thought they could’ve been two of them in the sagas. In this case, there almost has to be. But I don’t see how passion as a motive stretches across to the sale of the mill, the shootings, and the tire slashings. I think the second Freydis is on her own crime spree that has nothing to do with sex. Evidently Debra and Rita are masters at using it for their own ends. Even Shelly imputed such when she talked about Debra’s popularity with guys in high school. We know Rita used poor, dumb Harold, but for what?”  
Does that make Rita the other Freydis?
Shard closed up and went inside. Just before he fell asleep, he remembered that he forgot to start his Morgan.
Friday Morning
“You were half right as usual, Boss,” Periwinkle said from the other office chair as Shard admired her Nordic sweater that featured caribou marching across her delectable bosom.
“Only half? I must be losing my touch.”
I went by Adirondack Sports and the clerk told me that he knows Debra well. He said she mostly buys ski outfits. They carry some really neat clothing. I bought this sweater, do you like it?”
 “Fetching,” he said. “But does she buy equipment there too?”
“Oh, she’s bought skis and poles, he said. And I’ll tell you, that place ain’t cheap.”
“I bet not.”
Johnsen came in with three cups of coffee and a bag of breakfast rolls.
“From Patels, not the machine downstairs,” he said as he eyed the wastebasket. “If I’d known you guys had the chairs, I’d have skipped the goodies and hightailed it up here. See what I get for being nice?”
Periwinkle stood up and gave him a deep bow. “Oh, munificent Norseman, I’ll give you my chair if you give me my coffee and roll first. I’m starved.”
“Did you get a topographical map?” Shard asked.
“Yup. Adirondack Sports sells them.”
“And?”
“This county has more old trails, logging roads, and Indian paths than you can imagine. Some of them wander out into the middle of nowhere and stop. Others drift from nowhere to nowhere.”
“Could anyone on skis have come from Fosters to Leyden across country?”
“I suspect so, Boss, but they’d have to be an expert map reader. Plus, I’m not sure anyone could find those paths with three feet of snow on the ground. There’s a lot of bogs and sand pits out there that don’t have trees. In the winter the trails could be anywhere under the snow.”
“You think Debra could have, but it would have been dicey?”
“Let me put it this way, I don’t think I would have tried it and I have a Boy Scout trail badge.”
“You were a Boy Scout?” Periwinkle asked.
“Why do you think that’s so odd? I didn’t spend my spare hours as a youth plotting courses to Leyden’s watering holes, you know.”
“How long is the shortest route from the Fosters back here?”
“Skibinski tracked the skier to the snow mobile tracks and that means he or she skied away from Leyden. I measured from there and estimated it’d be at least six miles, if she didn’t get lost.”
“That’s a long way,” Shard said.
“It’s even longer when you factor in the deep snow after the Christmas storms. She’d be exhausted,” Periwinkle said.
“And in the dark,” Shard said softly.
They feared he was about to ski into the inner recesses of his mind, but he didn’t.
“I did some research last night too,” he said.
“At Schuylers?” Periwinkle asked. “I saw you go in.”
“Best place in town to interrogate people. In less than an hour, and over two very enjoyable scotches, Witry told me Debra often skis at Birch Valley.”
“How’d he know?” Johnsen asked.
“He says he skis. He told me he tried to pick her up several times because he thought she signaled she was available, but she frosted him when he made a move. He thinks she’s a tease.”
“I’d frost him too, if he moved on me,” Periwinkle said. “I can’t believe any woman would turn her charms on that weasel.”
“That’s my pet name for him,” Shard said. “Get your own. Then Doc told me he checked her ankle after she hurt it skiing. He thinks that was about two years ago.”
“I didn’t know Doc hung around Schuylers,” Johnsen said.
“He doesn’t. He prefers locales where the conversation hovers at higher elevations.”
“I agree with him there, Boss,” Periwinkle said with a wry smile.
“I went out to my barn last night and gave all this some thought.”
“You’ve got to get a social life, Boss. If the Kaiser finds out you sit alone in your barn at night, he’ll bust you back to a rank where you don’t have to think. Like sergeant.”
Periwinkle threw him a sharp look.
“Do you guys want to hear what I think, or not?”
“We’re all ears, Boss,” he said.
“Good. My gut instinct for some time was that Debra killed Harkness. The problem was I couldn’t figure out how she did it. Now, I think I have a plausible explanation. In shorthand, Harkness told her they were through. She got mad. Somehow she convinced Harkness that she wanted to ski and took an ice pick with her too. They rode around arguing and she stabbed him. Then she put the SUV in the Fosters’ garage and skied off. Some distance I think. Then she called Harold on her cell phone and promised him sex if he’d pick her up. He did and that’s how she got home. How do you like that possibility, even if you’re not paid to think?”
“It’s a little shaky in parts, Boss,” Johnsen said. “How’d she unlock the garage? Did she stab him while he was driving? He’d have wrecked the car. How’d she convince him to take her skis? And I can’t believe that Harold is so stupid he couldn’t figure out that Debra must have killed his father if she was only down the road at the suspected time of the murder. I probably have more questions, but that’s enough for a start.”
“Not bad, Norseman. I haven’t worked all the bugs out yet. We can sit here for a couple of days and try, or we can go out to see if I’m on the right track.
“Out where, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
“To talk to Harold, to see if he’s really that stupid.”
“Another thing,” Periwinkle said, “what does this have to do with the shootings and stuff?”
“One step at a time, Periwinkle.”
Friday Morning
“If you’ve come about the rifle, I told you that wasn’t my fault. Besides, mother’s lawyer ordered me not to talk to you. So, I won’t.
“We haven’t come about the rifle, Harold, we’ll deal with that later. We want to talk about your father’s murder,” Shard said.
“We’ve gone through that too. What’s left to say? You know I didn’t do it. I had no reason.”
“You’re probably right, but I think you’ve withheld vital information that’ll help us find the killer.”
“Bullshit.”
He gave Periwinkle a silly grin, as if to say, ‘I bet you never heard that grownup word before.’
“Well, for starters, we know that you lied to us about when you returned to Leyden. Remember?”
“Yeah, and I explained it. Mother doesn’t like colored people.”
“That’s what you said. You also admitted that you were in Leyden on the night we think your father was murdered. Right?”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
“And you told us,” Johnsen said, “that you spent Christmas Eve on the phone to Rita in Toronto.”
Harold shifted in his chair to look at Johnsen.
“Yeah, I did.”
“You did talk to someone in Ontario Christmas Eve for a pretty long time, but not all night,” Shard said. “What did you do the rest of the night?”
“What do you mean, what did I do? What do you think I did? I went to sleep. That’s what normal people do. Right?”
“That’s what bothers us,” Periwinkle said.
“Are you saying I’m not normal?”
“No, I’m saying that you are different,” Periwinkle said. “So, where did you go?”
“I didn’t go anywhere.”
“You told us you didn’t hear your mother come in that night, remember?”
“Yeah.”
“A normal person would have heard her.”
“Maybe I was asleep. Ever think of that? Or still on the phone. Do you always hear someone who comes in your house?”
Shard, Periwinkle, and Johnsen all nodded yes.
“Here’s my problem, Mr. Harkness – “
“That makes me sound like my father. Call me Harold.”
“OK, Harold, here’s my problem. What would you say if I told you we have a witness who saw you come home at dawn on Christmas morning?”
Periwinkle and Johnsen chanced a quick glance at Shard.
Harold reacted physically. He pushed himself hard against the cushion in his chair and pulled himself half out of his slouch.
“It’s that damned nosy bitch two doors down, isn’t it? The one married to the doctor. She sits at her window to watch everybody. Mother said she’s like a guard dog and we ought to be happy she’s there. It’s her, isn’t it?”
“I’m not a liberty to say.”
“Yeah, well it’s got to be.”
“Regardless,” Shard said, “would you like to tell us where you were all night?”
“No.”
“I’ll give you two choices, you can tell us here or you can come down to the station and sit on a hard wooden chair until you answer my simple question.”
Johnsen thought that he’d love to have another chair in Shard’s office, even if it was hard and wooden.
“Well?” Shard asked.
“OK, Debra called me to pick her up.”
“Where was she?”
“Way the hell out and gone someplace, in the boonies. I told her that I was tired and it was cold. I really didn’t want to go out.”
“But you did.”
“Yeah.”
“Why?”
“She said she would make it worth my while. I knew what she meant, you know?”
Harold looked at Johnsen for confirmation. The Norseman remained stoic.
“Where was she?”
“Out on 28.”
“How far?” Shard asked.
“Hell, I don’t know. Fifteen or twenty miles maybe.”
“What time was this?”
“Why do you always want the time? You think everybody walks around checking his watch? It was after I talked to Rita, sometime after two, maybe nearer three. I know I was tired.”
“Did you have any trouble finding her?” Periwinkle asked.
“Nah, she was just off the road, in some spruce trees.”
“Did she have anything with her?” she asked.
“Of course. She was carrying her skis.”
 “Where’d she been?” Periwinkle asked.
Harold leaned forward in his chair, put his elbows on his knees, and interlaced his fingers like a child playing ‘here’s the church, here’s the steeple.’ 
“She had skis, I figured she’d been skiing, right?”
“Odd time to ski, don’t you think?” Shard asked.
“I dunno.”
“What did she tell you? She must have explained why she’s out in the middle of nowhere on Christmas Eve.”
“She said she went cross country skiing and got lost. So, she called me.”
“You believed her?”
“Why not?”
“It was the middle of the night,” Johnsen said.
“Did you take her home?” Periwinkle asked.
“I sure as hell wasn’t going to bring her to mother’s place, was I?”
“How long did you stay there?”
Harold broke out his broadest smile.
“Long enough to have really good sex, I mean really hot. She wore me out.”
“I’m glad to hear that,” Shard said. “What time did you leave?”
“There you go again. I don’t know. I didn’t know you cops would care.”
“Take a guess.”
“It was still dark. She said she was exhausted and I had to go. I didn’t see a single car all the way home. It was spooky, but worth it. She’s great in bed, I tell you. Father had good taste in broads.”
Periwinkle fought back an overweening urge to belt him.
“Was your mother home when you got back?” Shard asked.
“I suppose so, the outside light was off. I had to feel around to get my key in, I remember.”
“Did you check on her?” Periwinkle asked.
“Why should I? She’s a big girl.”
“Right,” she said.
“When you heard that your father was found dead in a garage on Route 28, didn’t you wonder why Debra was out there that night?” Shard asked.
“Nah, why should I. That was only a coincidence.”
“Odd one though, don’t you think?” Johnsen asked.
“Nah. It makes sense. She skied, got lost, and got hot. Girls do it all the time.”
Periwinkle folded he arms under the marching caribou, lest she smash the table lamp over his head.
“It never crossed your mind that she might have murdered your father?” Shard asked.
“Nah, why would she do that? He was her meal ticket and I was her dessert. She had it made.”
Friday Morning
 “How many years will I get, Boss, if I bash that little twerp to kingdom come? A week? I’ll replace the table lamp I break over his head. No, I’ll tell you what, I’ll smash it somewhere else, on parts he thinks are more important than his head,” Periwinkle said.
“I’ll testify that it was a justifiable homicide,” Shard said. “Nobody would convict you.”
“You never mentioned to us that Mrs. Ashby saw Junior come home Christmas morning. Who told you that?” Johnsen asked.
“Nobody, exactly.”
“You made it up?”
“I thought it was a reasonable possibility. So did Junior.”
“It sounds like entrapment to me,” Periwinkle said. “Won’t you get into trouble in court with it?”
“I never said anyone saw him. I asked what if we had someone who did? That’s different. I think that’s clean. Don’t you?”
“Absolutely, Boss.”
“That’s what I like, unity in my crime unit. Now, does his latest tale prove that Debra did it?”
“No,” Periwinkle said. “All we can prove is that she was in the area when and where we think Harkness was killed. A good defense lawyer could bust that wide open.”
“I was afraid you’d say that.  We’ve got to get her to confess and that isn’t going to be easy. But she’s a Jekyll and Hyde character. We need to get Jekyll to talk to us.”
“Do you think she stabbed Harkness because he broke it off with her?” Johnsen asked.
“Why else would she do it? I think it’s pretty clear that she wasn’t faithful to him. Maybe she didn’t spread her charms around as much as that blowhard Junior claims, but Witry says she even turned them on him. I think it’s clear that she was sexually active while in Harkness’s wallet. She couldn’t have loved the guy as much as she claims. Maybe that made it easier for her to kill him. Maybe she figured she could replace Harkness.”
“With Harold?” Periwinkle asked.
“Never. He’s useful for odd jobs such as shooting at cars, picking her up in the middle of the night, and inside information on the family. And maybe for occasional sexual release.”
“I have to admit, Boss, that she had me flummoxed, she acted like a loving, caring woman, loyal to Harkness.”
“You mean she never came on to you, Norseman, God’s gift to women?” Periwinkle asked. “Maybe you’ve lost it.”
“No chance. I’m not her type. She doesn’t favor gentle, cerebral, cultured men, versed in ancient mythology.”
“Modest, aren’t we?” she said.
“Well, if it’s any consolation to you guys, I’m none of those things and she never approached me either. Obviously the strong, mature types aren’t her cup of tea,” Shard said, ignoring his own cliché.
“Let’s take her down to headquarters where she’ll be less comfortable.”
“And so will we,” Johnsen murmured.
Friday Late Morning
Periwinkle hated their interrogation room. She once told Shard the headquarters’ decorator wanted earth tones and ended up with the hues of Clydesdales’ droppings. The room had no windows, only two chairs, and a table bolted to the floor. Buried deep in the bowels of the building, next to the cafeteria, it was cold, damp, and moldy smelling, even in the summer. 
Shard seated Debra behind the table and asked Periwinkle to sit across from her. Periwinkle thought he was being polite. Shard reasoned that Debra found it harder to lie to women. 
He placed a small tape recorder on the table.
“Do you mind if we record our conversation?”
“No.”
“I’m required to read you your rights,” he said, as he took a card from his wallet and read from it.
“Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
Shard began to pace around the table. 
“Ms. Newbill, why is it that you never tell us the whole truth?”
“I have no idea what you mean,” she said. “I forgot I went to church on Christmas morning. That’s not a crime, is it?”
“No, that isn’t, but I’ll give you one more chance to tell us what you did from five o’clock Christmas Eve until you went to mass.”
She followed Shard with her eyes as he crossed the room and glanced up at Johnsen who had wedged his bulk into a back corner. She settled on Periwinkle, who offered her best impassive look without taking her eyes off Debra, who shifted on the wooden chair and fingered a deep scratch in the table.
“I’ve already told you. When Steve left, I made dinner, watched TV, and went to bed. I stayed close to the phone because I hoped he’d call after the party. When he didn’t, I fell asleep. In the morning I went to mass to see him He wasn’t there. I spent Christmas Day waiting to hear from him. That’s as simple as I can make it.”
Shard stopped and leaned over the table towards her. She slid her chair back as he stared straight at her.
“Your pronouns and maybe some of your nouns are fact, but the rest of that is a fairytale.”
She said nothing.
“We have a witness who saw you get out of a car carrying skis around three in the morning. He said Harold was with you and he stayed until near dawn. Would you care to tell us where you went and who took you? What were you doing with skis in the middle of the night?”
Shard could see that she was conflicted. She reminded him of a cornered animal, slinking from side to side in search of escape. A huge tear welled up in her right eye and rolled down her cheek signaled that she was either about to break or to try her wiles once again. She began to sob, head in her hands, tears dripping through her fingers to the floor. The recorder tape quietly circled.
When she stopped her convulsions, Johnsen set a roll of toilet paper in front of her.
“Thanks.” 
With what looked to Shard like deliberate slowness, she dabbed at her face and carefully stacked the wet tissue wads at the corner of the table.
 “Well?” Shard asked.
“OK, I went out that night. After the party Steve called and asked if he could come over. We had a couple of drinks and he said he’d decided to divorce Gloria and marry me. We talked about when that might be, and all the fun things we’d do. After an hour or so he had to go. It was such a beautiful night and I was so happy, I asked him to drop me off in the country and I’d ski home. He let me out up Route 28 a ways. That’s the last time I saw him.”
Several more tears welled and she caught them with a dry square of paper.
“Did you ski all the way home?” Shard asked.
“No. I got lost. I floundered around for a while until I found my way back out to the road. By then I was tired. I called Harold to come to get me.”
“Did he?”
“Yes.”
“And that’s all you did that night?” 
“Yes, Lieutenant.”
“Why didn’t you tell us this earlier?”
“It makes me the last person to see him, except for his killer, and you’d suspect me.”
“You would’ve been our chief suspect, yes,” Shard said. “But the fact that you’re still not telling us the whole truth, makes us even more suspicious.”
“What do you mean? I told you the truth. I want to go home.” 
“Not yet. You see, we know what went on that night. Mr. Harkness did come to your house, but what you left out is that he’d just promised Gloria that he would break up with you. She’d threatened to divorce him and take everything he owned.”
“That’s not true. He was going to divorce her. He told me so.”
“I think he told you he was done with you. You argued with him. He wouldn’t change his mind and got ready to leave. You asked him to take you out skiing and got your skis and an ice pick and he drove you up Route 28 to somewhere near the Fosters’ house. You know the Fosters, you and Mr. Harkness have been there. My hunch is that you started to get out of the car and leaned over, maybe to kiss him for the last time, and plunged the ice pick or whatever it was, into his chest. You got lucky, he died instantly. Then you probably sat in his lap and drove a short way to the Fosters’ garage. You know where they hide their spare key, used it, and drove the car into the garage and closed the door. Then you took your skis out the back door, and skied away. You were too far away to get home before daylight, so you called Harold on your cell phone and asked him to pick you up. He didn’t want to, but you promised him a romp if he did. He drove you home where you kept your word and threw him out before anyone was on the road. Does that sound about right?”
“I want a lawyer. I’m not going to say anything.”
“By all means, I think you should call one.”
“I don’t have much money. I need an inexpensive one.”
“There’s no such thing, but we have a list of pro bono attorneys Johnsen will give you. We will hold you until you talk to your lawyer and then decide whether to charge you with first-degree murder.”
Debra stared blankly at the tabletop.

CHAPTER 13
Freydis Resorts to Violence
Friday Noon
“Good morning’s work, Boss,” Johnsen said after he closed the door behind them. “You had her so close to a confession.”
“I wish I could have gotten one, but the fact that she demanded a lawyer after I told her how I thought the night played out, is de facto evidence that she knows she’s cornered. What she does now depends a good deal on whom she chooses to represent her. It won’t be Owenby, who’d probably counsel her to talk to us in return for some deal. He’s Gloria’s lawyer and Debra would be a conflict of interest. Worst-case scenario, it’ll be Witry who’ll order her to keep her mouth shut until the sentencing phase. He’ll drag the proceedings forever to increase the miserable hourly fee the state pays for freebies. We’ll just have to see. In the meantime my stomach is firing off cannons. It’s twelve o-five, which means the Kaiser’s on his way to the country club to feast on their noon spread, so no reason to run upstairs to fill him in. I’ll catch him after lunch. I’m off to Mrs. O’s scrumptious franks and beans and a celebratory Utica Club over which I shall solve the second crime in our in-box. While you guys are putting on the nosh bag in more rarified surroundings, I’d like to hear your views on how Debra fits with the two Freydises and Gunnar Half and Half. When we fill in all the saga’s blanks, we’ll understand how this fits together. See you back here after one.”
O’Reilly had his Camel out before he reached the bar. 
“Thanks, O’Reilly. I’ll have the special and a UC on draft.”
“Taken up drinking during the day, Lieutenant? Someone steal your office chair? The Kaiser ask if you’ll vote for him? Something’s got you riled you up on this beautiful day.”
“Are you nuts? It’s darker than the inside of a cow out there, O’Reilly. Another storm is blowing in.”
“They’re all beautiful to me, Lieutenant.”
“That’s because you never have to go out in them. Your suspects come here and confess to you. And for your information, I’ve almost solved my murder case, so I want to celebrate. Put a tall head on my draft, will you?”
Friday Afternoon
Hilda Bluder had planted herself in front of the Kaiser’s door as usual.
“Hi, beautiful,” Shard said.
She didn’t look up.
“Nice of you to come to see us, Lieutenant. Been some days now. The sheriff tells me he misses you.”
“I miss both of you, Hilda, but I’m out about my sheriff’s business.
I want to solve all the county’s cases before Election Day.”
Hurrrumpf,” she snorted. Shard guessed she picked that up from the Kaiser.
“Go on in. Introduce yourself, he might not recognize you.”
“Good afternoon, sir,” Shard said to the mustachioed bulk squeezed into the oversized desk chair. “I hope you had a nice lunch at the club.”
“It’s Friday, Lieutenant, fried haddock with all the trimmings. One of my favorites.”
“I suppose you noticed there’s another storm brewing.”
“An imbecile could see it. I predicted it yesterday. The glass fell and the temperature rose. Perfect snow weather. What do you have? I’m famished for some good news, Lieutenant.”
“Well, sit back, sir, I have some for you.” And he told him about Debra.
“Excellent, my boy. If you’re right, I won’t have to face Gloria again. She’s worse than any criminal I’ve ever met, you know.”
Shard didn’t know, but he wasn’t about to disabuse his boss.
“Do you think she’ll confess?” the Kaiser asked.
“Depends on her lawyer, and I don’t know who he is yet. She asked for a public defender.”
“A what?”
“A public defender. Said she was short of money.”
“Rumors were that Steve was short of funds, but I didn’t realize he was that tight. I heard that he kept her in high style.”
“Oh, she lives well, but she said she might have to sell her house.
“That’s too bad. Now, tell me, what did she have to do with the shootings and tire slashings?”
“That I don’t know. As a matter of fact, as soon as I leave here I’m going downstairs to work through that muddle.”
The Kaiser stared at the portrait of Abraham Lincoln that hung across from his desk as if to ask the sixteenth president exactly what Shard had meant.
“I never heard that working through muddles was accepted crime fighting practice. Is it something new? Maybe I ought to read up on it. In the meantime I hope that you won’t mention your muddles to the Sun-Times. It might mislead the good voters at election time.”
“I assure you that we’re well into this muddle and you can expect demuddlefication any time now. We only have a few details to clear up and you’ll be the first to know when we’ve solved all this.”
He looked up at Honest Abe again. 
“Somehow, given the infrequency of your visits, Lieutenant, I doubt I’ll be the first.”
“Very close to it, sir.”
Friday Afternoon
Shard met Neil on the stairs.
“Ah, Lieutenant, just the man I’m looking for.”
“Glad to hear that Neil. Another new baby?”
“Oh no, sir, we have months to go, but you’ll be the first to know when he arrives.”
“It’s a boy?”
“Yes sir.”
“You’ll owe me another cigar.”
“You’ll get one sir, but that’s not why I stopped you. I was told to tell you that Ms. Newbill has a lawyer, Steve Hatzmer.”
“You mean Hetzler?”
“That sounds about right.”
“Is he downstairs?”
“Yes sir. I’m supposed to tell you that too.”
“Thanks.”
Johnsen had his feet up on Shard’s desk when he arrived.
“Hi, Boss. Tell you what, I’ll let you have your chair. You think better in it than on the wastebasket.”
“I’m always suspicious when you guys ‘let me have’ my chair. What’ve you done?”
“Nothing,” Periwinkle said. “We’ve talked about Freydis and Half and Half like you asked. They’re very interesting.”
Shard arched an eyebrow. She’d had never admitted any of the Viking’s sagas were interesting.
“Ok, what’s so interesting?”
“We’ve decided that Gunnar Half and Half had to be a cross dresser or a transsexual to make this work. If you can accept that, we think you’re on to something.”
“Enlighten me please.”
“I’ll let the Norseman, it’s his fairytale.”
Johnsen tossed her a bemused glance.
“Sex is the key, Boss. Remember Frey is the god of sex. But that’s both male and female sex, fertility and all that. And you have to admit we have lots of sex in this case and an interesting mix of partners.”
“True, but when Periwinkle asked you about that the other day, you said the tale wasn’t really about sex. Remember?”
“That’s true. But without it the story doesn’t hang together. And neither does our case.”
“I still await enlightenment.”
“We figure Harkness was the god. He seduced Gloria and Debra and maybe Rita, though we don’t know that for sure. Numerous people have told us that he was sexually indiscriminate. Now, we’re not interested in Gloria, it’s Debra that makes the story work. She’s the equivalent of Frey’s wife and in our version she kills the god, her lover, not Half and Half. But that’s not far removed from the real saga. Half and Half kills Frey in it, but Frey’s wife set it all up and didn’t try stop the murder. So, she’s really responsible for it. The stranger then has to be Rita although we considered Shryock, because he’s the right gender. Now, follow me here. Rita somehow discovers that Debra killed her god-husband and threatens to expose her if she doesn’t do what Rita wants. Frey’s wife, you remember, agreed to pretend to be Half and Half’s wife after he threatened to strand her in the blizzard. In Leyden, the blizzard is a jail cell downstairs. So, Debra goes along with Rita, aka Half and Half, and her nefarious plans, whatever they are. Like Frey’s wife, she really has no choice.”
Shard’s eyes went blank and Periwinkle and Johnsen knew he was coursing about in tenth or eleventh century Iceland chasing Harkness’s murderer and the shooters and slashers.
“For once Johnsen was right, sex was important, but not the core of the tale. Frey was a god in the story and Harkness was Leyden’s god and sex brings the protagonists together.”
Regaining consciousness, Shard swung his feet off his desk, picked up Periwinkle’s pea jacket, and took a Camel out of its front pocket.
She stared at him as if he’d made an elephant appear from her left nostril.
“Harkness is the key, always has been, because of his power, and his sexual conquests were just a part of it. Why do we think he’s god? Because he owns the biggest industry in town? Because he has money? Because we let him exercise his authority over Leyden’s charities and social clubs? Harkness and Frey were mostly unchallenged – they’re gods. And murdered.”
Shard stared the wall where it met the ceiling.
“Two evil women, in similar sagas, although not set in Medieval Iceland. That solves the Freydis problem. We transport the two evil women to Leyden, put one in pants, and we have Half and Half and the evil wife. I like it.”
“We’re glad, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
Shard hadn’t come back though. He was standing on the threshold of his sod long house in Iceland looking across the volcanic landscape.
“Why? That’s the important question. What does Rita want badly enough to blackmail Debra, who she must know is weak? She’s playing a dangerous game, therefore the stakes must be high. After all, the stakes for Half and Half were that he became a god only if people perceived him as Frey’s wife. That gave him his great power. When they began to doubt him, he fled to Norway and become a Christian again. It must have been a great letdown to go from being a pagan god to a run-of-the-mill Christian.”
Shard paused.
“That’s it,” he said as he pounded his desk for emphasis. “Run-of-the-mill. Better than sex. Power of the gods. You guys are geniuses.”
Periwinkle and Johnsen looked at each other and wondered why they worked for this madman.
The phone rang.
“Lieutenant Shard.”
They’d never seen him jump a millennium this fast.
“I’ll be right there,” he said and hung up. “That’s Neil. Debra and her lawyer, Steve Hetzler, want to talk to us. Frey’s cart is moving and a blizzard is nigh.”
Friday Afternoon
Hetzler hasn’t been out of law school long, Shard guessed. He was a tall, lanky kid, maybe six three, with a baby face that would always look ten years younger than he was. He’s too young even for Periwinkle, Shard thought, but with ten more pounds he might cast a shadow, if the sun ever shone in Leyden.
“I met you once in Zwitters. You were buying a recliner,” Shard said.
“I thought you looked familiar.”
“I understand you want to talk to us,” Shard said.
“That’s right. She told me what really happened the night Mr. Harkness was killed. It isn’t anything like you think and she knows who killed him. She’ll testify to what she saw. In return, she’d like to be left alone to get on with her life.”
“Quite frankly, counsel, I’d have let her go hours ago had she told me the truth. But she can’t seem to do it and that makes me suspicious. I’m willing to give her another chance though.”
“The main point, Lieutenant, is that she didn’t kill Mr. Harkness.”
“Let’s hear who did then,” Shard said.
Debra looked up at the three deputies standing behind her lawyer who sat in the only chair. Shard thought she looked nervous, she couldn’t calm her restless fingers.
“I never told you the whole story, Lieutenant, because I didn’t want the whole town to know about my relationship with Steve. So I tried to distance myself from the crime as much as possible. I am also afraid. After his killer shot at my house and slashed my tire I knew better than to talk to the police. I don’t want to end up like Steve.”
Her eyes pleaded with Shard, as if only he had the power to protect her. She’s good at this, he thought.
“Most of what I told you this morning is the truth. You already know that I skied that night and Harold brought me home. Steve did call me after the club party and asked to come over. He rang my doorbell and when I opened the door, a man jumped out of the bushes and grabbed Steve from behind. He must have hit him on the back of his head because he went limp and the guy threw him in Steve’s SUV. I screamed and ran towards the SUV. I don’t know what I intended to do, but it didn’t make any difference, the guy backed up faster than I could run. I was barefoot. He drove out to the Post Road and turned left towards 28. I ran back into the house, got dressed, grabbed my skis, and ran out to follow them. I know a shortcut to 28 and thought maybe I could get there before they passed. I guess I didn’t. That’s the last time I saw Steve. I skied for a while along 28 in hopes of seeing them, but I never got as far as the Fosters’ house. I wore out and called Harold to pick me up.”
Shard stared at her with his most practiced incredulous look.
“And who was the kidnapper?” he asked.
“I’m not sure. I’ve never seen him before. But I think I know who he is. Steve told me that the General Paper people brought this guy with them who looked like he was hired muscle. He wondered if they wanted to scare him. Well, the man who grabbed him was well built and was big with a thick neck. I think it’s that man. Steve didn’t tell me his name, but I’d recognize him if I saw him again.”
“Why didn’t you follow them in your car?”
“I didn’t have any warm clothes or shoes on. I had to go inside and get dressed. Besides, the roads were covered with snow and I hate to drive in the stuff. I thought I’d make better time on my skis. I’m a pretty good cross-country skier.”
“Why didn’t you call the police? We drive in snow all the time.” 
“To be honest, I never thought of it. And after Harold brought me home, I thought I’d better stay out of it. I’d been out too and I’d be a suspect. I don’t know this guy and I was afraid you wouldn’t believe me.”
“That seems to me to clear up the misunderstanding, Lieutenant, and removes Ms. Newbill from suspicion. She’s still afraid the guy may come back to get her. She’s the only witness to the kidnapping. I’d like the sheriff’s department to watch her house to make sure nothing else happens. She’s already been shot at and had her tires slashed,” Hetzler said.
“Let me see if I have this straight,” Shard said. “Mr. Harkness never came into your house?”
“No.”
“He didn’t tell you that he was going to get a divorce?”
“No.”
“You didn’t talk about getting married?”
“No.”
“You didn’t ask him to take you skiing?”
“No.”
“You want me to believe that Gunnar Half and Half was really a man?” 
Debra and Hetzler stared at him as if he’d lost his last marble.
“I don’t understand, Lieutenant,” Debra said.
Friday Afternoon
 “Four ball in the side pocket,” Rita said.
“Anybody can make that shot. Why don’t you try the six, two banks into the corner. That would show talent.”
“Shut up. I’m thinking.” 
“If you had thought earlier,” Ade said, “we wouldn’t be in this mess. A simple job has become dangerous. I shouldn’t have listened to you. We should have gotten rid of that woman on the front end. She has no balls.”
“She had enough to kill her lover. Besides, we need her to make this waterproof.”
“Yeah, that’s what you said. All I see now is floodwater.”
“Oh, don’t go soft on me now. We’re OK.”
“That’s what you always say. If we’re OK why can’t we find the broad who can put us in the slammer? Wouldn’t some guys in the Service love to hear that we’ve been fingered by small-town cops?”
“Shut up. She’s around somewhere, we just have to figure out where.”
“And if she’s singing to the sheriff?”
“If she sings, she dies. She knows that. She won’t sing.”
“Maybe she’s cutting a deal. She hands us over and gets manslaughter three or something. Or worse, she pins the murder on us.”
“Nah, her boyfriend was too important for them to plead her out. The sheriff needs a first-degree conviction. He’s up for reelection.”
“I’d feel a lot better if she’d been home this morning,” Ade said.
“She can’t be far. She left her car in the driveway. It bothers me though, that she won’t answer her door or phone. I can’t figure out her game. It doesn’t make sense.”
“Maybe she went to the store with a neighbor.”
“I’ll bet she doesn’t know anybody who lives around her. She doesn’t want to know them. She’s a kept whore. So, calm down and shut up while I think.”
Click, the six dropped in the corner pocket.
“Now, are you happy? Just for that I’ll run the next two racks too.”
“I don’t give a damn. I only want a shot at pulling this deal off. It’s a load of cash for us. So, think.”
“I’d be done if you’d kept quiet.”
“I’m waiting.”
“I think we ought to pay her a visit. Buck her up, so to speak.”
“And if she’s not buckable?”
“Then we take her on a long one-way ride,” Rita said.
“Jeez, you’re tough.”
“We’re too close to run away. They’re all frightened out of their pants. We got them. We can’t let her screw it up.”
“What if she doesn’t answer her door?”
“Oh, come on Ade. We can get in that place in thirty seconds. We scare the hell out of her or haul her off.”
“You’re the boss.”
Friday Afternoon
“I wouldn’t expect you to know who Gunnar half and Half was, but I promise you he’s germane to this case. You see, I don’t believe a word of her story. It’s as phony as the one she told us this morning because I know Gunnar has to be a woman, the other Freydis.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Hetzler said.
“I’ll give you the short version, counselor. There are two women involved in the murder and the shootings. Both slept with Harold Harkness and both have a financial interest in Northern Paper. Debra lived off its profits and the other woman has some scam to make money from General Paper. They came together with a common interest in Mr. Harkness. One wanted to persuade him to sell out to General Paper and when he did she’d make a killing. The other didn’t care whether the sale went through or not as long as Harkness had enough money to keep her in style. Do you follow me?”
“In a general way, yes, but what’s this have to do with my client’s explanation?”
“She lied again. Mr. Harkness came to her house and I think he told her it was all over. They argued and she killed him. Where her story falls apart is with the other woman, we’ll call Rita. Harold told her about the proposed sale to General Paper and she had a friend who was head of security there, a Mr. Shylock - ”
“That’s Shryock, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“ - who schemed with Rita to make money from the sale. I think that she and Shycock promised to nudge Harkness and other small stockholders to sell out in return for some consideration, maybe jobs at General, or a one-time payment, something worthwhile. When Harkness was killed he had already made up his mind to sell. He was on their side, so they had no reason to kill him. His death only made their job harder. You see? Harkness’s death had to be a simple crime of passion.”
“I’m still lost, Lieutenant.”
“Stay with me, counselor, I’m almost finished.”
Shard thought Debra looked as if someone had let all the air out of her.
“The other Freydis, Rita, is a private investigator, has her own company in New York City, and is a Secret Service veteran. She’s tough and bright. She learns that Harkness was murdered and assumes that someone opposed to the buyout killed him. She snoops around and concludes that wasn’t the case. Somehow she discovers that Debra killed him. Rita comes to see Debra and threatens to expose her unless she helps Rita scare the heirs and company officials into selling. By not turning Debra in, they will assume that Harkness was murdered by one of them because he wanted to sell. So will the police.”
“Why would my client go along with this woman?”
“Because she fears jail and wants revenge on the Harkness family who, she’s convinced, forced Harkness to dump her. And, I’ll bet because Rita cut Debra in for a piece of the General Paper contract. Debra told me that she doesn’t make enough to maintain her lifestyle. A slice of the paper mill merger payout would help.”
“I don’t think – “ Debra said.
“Don’t say anything, Ms. Newbill. I want to hear the Lieutenant out.”
“I’m almost finished, counselor. For a long time I wondered what Rita wanted from Debra. I know she wanted Harkness’s rifle to scare the Northern people, an ironic touch I thought, but she could have stolen that herself. It was only after I learned that Debra and Gloria didn’t know the terms of Harkness’s will, that I understood. That meant that Rita didn’t either, because Harold didn’t, and she couldn’t worm that information out of him even in the throes of sexual ecstasy. Rita was afraid that Debra would inherit Northern shares and she wanted to make certain that she would vote for the sale. She used fear and greed to control Debra.”
“I think I need to talk to my client again, Lieutenant.” 
Friday Afternoon 
 “How many times do we ring before we bust in?” Ade asked.
“Not many more,” Rita said as she took a leather case of picks from her jacket pocket. “Let me at it.”
She pushed the door open. She was met with a wash of hot air.
“God, is this broad a household plant or something?” Ade asked. “Nobody could live in this steam bath.”
“Do you smell anything?”
“Like a body?”
“For starters.”
“No, I only smell heat and a woman’s house. Perfume and stuff like that. Usually it makes me horny, but not today.”
“She’s not here,” Rita said. “I can feel when a house is empty, but let’s check anyway. Be sure to look in the cellar and garage. If someone dumped her there, we wouldn’t smell her.”
They met back in the family room.
“I think that’s a blizzard out there,” Rita said. “Is that all it does in this burg? Snow? How do people live here?”
“They won’t have to after we buy the mill. They can lie around in the Florida sun. They’ll thank us when this is all over.”
“In the meantime,” Rita said, “we’ve got to find Debra. I don’t trust her to keep her trap shut.”
“If the cops have her downtown, there’s not much we can do. We can’t kidnap her from jail. Even we aren’t that good.”
“Shut up. I have to think.”
“Be my guest.”
Friday Late Afternoon
Shard braved the cascade of snow to walk over to his street lamp. He took a Camel from its base and went into the Post Office lobby and sat down on the floor against the radiator with Luke and Dizzy.
“Hello Mr. Shard,” Luke said. “It’s snowing.”
“That’s for sure.”
“You wanna make snow angels with me and Dizzy? Before the plow comes?”
“Don’t you dare lie in the street again and make snow angels, Luke. The last time you did that you almost got run over. Remember?”
“I didn’t get ran over.”
“But you came close.”
Shard worked his fingers into Dizzy’s winter ruff and massaged behind his ears. He could swear the mutt smiled at him. 
Debra’s latest story is pure fabrication, Shard thought. Even Hetzler saw through it. My guess is he’ll explain that to her, at least I hope so. I just wonder if I’m not overplaying the saga angles. They must think I’m an idiot with my references to Freydis and some galoot named Gunnar Half and Half. But, I still think I’m on to something and if I push her she’ll eventually run out of lies and will tell me the truth. Do I have enough years left to wait for that magic moment? I don’t know.
“Lieutenant Shard, Neil told me you might be here.”
“Hi, Joe,” Luke said.
Joe Duffy was Luke’s brother and guardian after their parents died. Joe was no intellectual giant either, but the Kaiser helped both of them by keeping Joe on the force.
“Hi Luke. Neil told me to tell you, Mr. Shard, that the lawyer wants to talk to you.”
“Thanks.”
Shard met Hetlzer outside the interrogation room.
“Ms. Newbill is in the ladies room and I wanted a word before she comes back.”
“Go ahead.”
“She swears that she told you God’s absolute truth and she sticks by it. I warned her about lying to you guys and she got mad. Said I was supposed to be on her side. I assured her I was, but I needed the facts as much as you do. She said, ‘well, you have them. Get me out of here.’”
“Counselor, I know you can’t admit it to me, but you know as well as I that she fed us pure balderdash with that kidnapper in the bushes business. It’s at odds with information I have from other sources.”
“That may be true, Lieutenant, but you haven’t anything to hold her on. You have no witness, no evidence, no proof that she did anything but ski on Christmas Eve. She might have been miles from where Mr. Harkness was killed. From what I understand, you don’t even know for sure if he was killed that night. I don’t know what all those Greeks you talk about have to do with the case, but I’d guess they’re dead. They can’t help you.”
“They’re not Greeks, they’re Norse.”
“Well they’re just as dead. You have to let her go.”
“As much as I hate to admit it, I’m afraid you’re right, counselor. But, I know that she killed Mr. Harkness. I have no doubt that I’ll be able to prove it. I want your word that you’ll impress upon your client that she not leave Mohawk County without the sheriff department’s permission.”
“You can’t force her to stay in the county, Lieutenant. She hasn’t been charged with anything.”
“True, but if she runs it’ll reflect badly on her.”
“I’ll talk to her.”
“Do, and I’ll order a car to take her home.”
Friday Evening
“Neil, I need you to post a watch on Ms. Newbill’s house for the next two shifts. Tell the guys to drive past every hour of so, will you?”
“I thought she was downstairs, Lieutenant.”
“She is, but she’ll be out of here in a few minutes.”
“We might have trouble getting around tonight. Have you seen how heavy the snow’s coming down?”
“Yeah, this is as bad as a Nor’easter. In fact it may be one. I haven’t checked with the sheriff yet to see if it is.”
“What should they look for at her house?”
“Check to see if there are other cars there. If there are, knock on her door and ask if she’s OK. If there’s trouble let me know right away.”
“Will do.”
Shard went to update the Kaiser and get the official word on the possible Nor’easter, but Bluder and the Kaiser were gone. Shard left a post-it on the sheriff’s door to tell him that he had allowed Debra to leave. Jeez, the Kaiser will kill me in the morning, he thought.
Friday Evening
O’Reilly had a Camel and a glass with one ice cube awaiting Shard’s single-malt preference.
“Highland Park, O’Reilly. Thanks.”
“Have you noticed who’s at your table tonight, Lieutenant? We’re honored by their presence.”
Johnsen and Periwinkle grinned at him.
“It’s rare they’re both here. I wonder what caused them to climb a couple of rungs on the social ladder?” Shard asked.
“OK, what gives guys? You avoid this old peoples’ bar like the plague. But at least I’ve got four chairs here,” he said as he sat down.
“I walked to work this morning and figured I needed a little warmth to protect me from the snow gods on the way home,” Periwinkle said.
Shard looked at Johnsen. “I’m a snow god and thought I’d protect her,” he said.
“No wonder we never solve any crimes. I have the screwiest criminal investigators in the hemisphere. The next time I promise to hire only plain looking women and seminary dropouts. Normal people go home after work so their old boss can nurse his drinks and view the world through a moose’s dewlap.”
They grinned.
“All right, I know what you want. You want to know what transpired with Debra and her lawyer decided. Right?”
They nodded.
“I let her go.”
“What???” they chimed.
“I had to. What did I have to charge her with? For being the first Freydis? Or how about being a Norse cross dresser, dead these thousand years? What hard evidence do we have? I’ll tell you, nada. I know she did it, you know she did it, but we have to have something to put on the table. The D.A. will laugh me out of his office if I present him with what we have. Hell, the Kaiser won’t let me take it to his office.”
“I really thought she’d break this afternoon,” Johnsen said. “Her last story was so transparent, I figured she didn’t have many left in her quiver. I bet Periwinkle she’d ask for a deal and tell us how she’s connected to Rita and the other stuff.”
“Was that a metaphor that misfired, Norseman? I couldn’t tell. I’ve already told you how the two Freydises are connected. I even explained why. Don’t you guys believe me?”
“Oh, we do, we really do, Boss, but how do you prove it? Mind you, lack of evidence doesn’t make you wrong,” Johnsen said.
“I can’t argue with that,” Shard said. “I’ll tell you what else I can’t argue with, my gut instincts. All afternoon I’ve had this feeling that if I break her loose, her confederates will harm her. If Rita and Shybop know that we had her in here, they may fear she’s ratting them out. The one thing I’ve learned in almost twenty years in this business is to go with my instincts. I asked Neil to instruct tonight’s shifts to check her house every hour and to call me if anything’s amiss. So, sleep in your clothes. If they call me, I call you, OK?”
“I can’t sleep in my clothes, Boss, it goes against everything I learned as a girl. I have to tuck in in my nightie or I can’t sleep.”
A delectable vision of Periwinkle in her nightie popped into Shard’s mind. Johnsen was already helping her out of it, when Shard said, “then wear a heavy woolen one tonight. You’re apt to get cold out there.” 
“Just kidding, Boss.”
“I knew it.”
Friday Night
 “I think we should have a quick dinner and pay your friend another visit.”
“Is that all you think about? Food? Typical male,” Rita said.
“I think about a lot of things, such as what I could do with a woman who looks as good as you but has a nicer personality. There’s no reason to go out tonight on an empty stomach. It’s miserable out there. Maybe I’ll get a bag of donuts too.”
“Always the cop, aren’t you? But I’m a little hungry myself.”
Saturday Morning
Shard’s phone rang somewhere in Botswana. He stirred, rearranged his legs that were twisted in his jeans, and pulled the pillow over his head. It didn’t help. He slid his hand out from under warm covers and found the phone.
“Lieutenant Shard.” 
“Neil here, sir. You told me to call you if something happened at Ms. Newbill’s house.”
“What time is it?”
“Exactly, 3.23.”
“It’s the middle of the night.”
“Yes sir.”
“Crap.”
“Beg your pardon, sir?”
“What’s wrong?”
“Deputy Polk saw a white SUV in her driveway. He called for backup, but it took forever to get another car out there. Have you seen the snow?”
“No.”
“It’s at least a foot deep sir, and the county just sent the plows out.”
“Did you ask Polk to get the license number?”
“Yes sir.”
“What is it?”
Shard fumbled for a pencil on his nightstand.
“I don’t know sir. He never acknowledged my call. When Sergeant Lingerfelt got there he found Polk’s car in the driveway, but no SUV. Nobody answered the door, so he radioed for instructions. What do you want him to do, sir?”
Shard leapt out of bed and pulled an old sweatshirt over his head.
“Order every car on the shift out there and tell them to break into the house. We have to find Polk.”
“We only have one other car tonight, sir.”
“Send it! Damn it, the phone’s caught. Shit.”
“Pardon, sir?”
“I put my sweatshirt on over the phone cord. Blast it.”
Shard slipped the phone down the inside of his sweatshirt and pulled it out from the bottom.
“Tell them I’ll be there as soon as I get my boots on. And call Periwinkle and Johnsen and have them meet me there. Armed.”
“Yes, sir.”
Shard hopped down the upstairs hall trying to pull a sock on his other foot. He laced his boots in the mudroom, found a Camel in his mother’s clothespin bag, shimmied into his favorite black, boiled wool coat with the frayed leather cuffs that had been his father’s, and slipped his .38 in its pocket. He stepped out into snow up to mid calf.
“Neil?” he asked on his radio. “I’m on my way. Did you reach Periwinkle and Johnsen?”
“Yes sir. They’re on Albany Post Road now. Johnsen picked her up.”
“Good, tell them not to do anything until I get there.”
Shard’s car plowed snow with its front fascia as he pressed it as fast as he dared to go. It seemed to take forever, but it gave him time to think. If Polk went to the door and interrupted something really ugly, the intruders likely took him hostage and got out of there. If they killed Debra and Polk they probably left them inside. Damn!”
Two patrol cars were parked in the driveway, one with its engine running, when Shard arrived. 
“Sergeant, where’s your other car?”
“Deputy Ricci is on his way. He’s way up in the north end of the county on a domestic.”
“Tell him to watch for a white SUV with at least two people, maybe three or four in it. If he sees it, radio us. I’m afraid someone has taken Polk hostage.”
“Yes, sir.”
Shard was suddenly bathed in car lights. He turned to see Johnsen and Periwinkle get out of their car.
“Boy, that was fast,” he said.
“You told us to sleep in our clothes. What happened?” Johnsen asked.
“I don’t know, but Polk’s missing, an unidentified white SUV has come and gone, and I don’t know where Debra is. We have to go in, come on.”
“Sarge, go around back in case anyone tries to flee. I’ll give you thirty seconds before we bust in.”
Shard eased his pistol out of his pocket and clicked the safety off.
“OK, here’s the muster. No lock picks, Johnsen, kick the damned thing in when I tell you. Periwinkle, you armed?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Stay behind us.”
Periwinkle was tempted to upbraid Shard about sexism in field operations, but decided this wasn’t an opportune time.
Shard looked at his watch again, counted seven more seconds, and said, “go ahead, Norseman. No need to be gentle.”
The door didn’t stand a chance against the six foot five inch, 250-pound Viking. Johnsen’s shoulder smashed it to the floor. The three of them rushed inside in order of rank and seniority. The living and family rooms were littered with wreckage, overturned furniture, broken lamps, and scattered nick knacks.
“Check the kitchen and dining room Johnsen. And the cellar. Any blood, Periwinkle?’
“That might be some on the edge of the coffee table. Right there.”
“Yeah. Anywhere else? Check the lamp bases and fireplace equipment. I’m going to take a quick look upstairs.”
“Nothing wrong anywhere,” Johnsen announced.
“Ditto up there,” Shard said as he came down the stairs.
“Near as we can tell,” Periwinkle said, “someone conked some body with the edge of this table. The victim lost some blood, but not a lot. That’s all I can see.”
“Check the downstairs bathrooms, Johnsen. See if anyone tried to clean something up.”
“Nope, Boss, they’re both cleaner than mine,” Johnsen said.
Shard pulled a Camel out of his coat pocket and announced, “we need to think.”

CHAPTER 14
Gunnar Half and Half Bears Responsibility
Saturday Morning
“I can’t see a foot ahead of us,” Ade said. “Is this all it does up here? How do these people live?”
“Shut up. We’ve got to decide what to do with these two and we only have two choices.”
“What are they?”
“We can kill them and dump their bodies in some godforsaken spot where they’ll never be found, or we can hold them somewhere until the deal is finalized.”
“And then kill them? Why wait?” Ade asked.
“You have a point.”
“How about a third choice?”
“Which is?”
“Let God kill them.”
“Brilliant Ade, and how do you suppose we do that?”
“We tape them to a tree. If the temperature stays below freezing, and I guarantee it will, then God wanted them dead. So, He wants them dead. Nice, huh?”
“I like that. It’s not a terribly painful death and it’s easier than us shooting them,” Rita said.
“At last I had an idea you liked?”
“Let’s face it, Ade, you’ve been short of ideas lately. I like it because it’s quick, easy, and clean. Pull off on the first side road and we’ll march these two into the woods and leave them to God.”
Saturday Morning
John Skibinski was sound asleep. The orange glow from the stove flickered shadows across his walls and Patsy was curled up against the small of his back, emitting breathy snores.
She suddenly pricked up her ears and opened her eyes wide, as if she were scanning for a signal. She stood up and licked the back of Skibinski’s head.
“Go away girl, it ain’t time to get up yet.”
She slathered on.
“You don’t never get up to pee. What’s wrong with ya?”
Skibinski threw off his covers and stood in his red long johns. “Come on, I’ll let you out,” and he opened the door. The snow was knee high and showed no signs of letting up. “You must be nuts, girl,” he said as she bounded into the nearest drift.
Skibinksi expertly placed another log in the stove before he reached for the bottle and took a deep, satisfying swig. “That’s worth getting up for,” he said aloud.
Patsy barked and Skibinski opened the door to let her in. She wasn’t in sight and the old tracker could tell from the sound that she was moving away from the house.
“Must have found something,” he said. “If it weren’t so late and cold I’d go out and shoot it for her.”
Patsy’s bark became more insistent and Skibinski thought she was off towards the road. She sounded like she had something cornered.
“Maybe she’ll bring back some fresh rabbit.”
No sooner had the words left his mouth, than Skibinski heard the distinct retort of a pistol.
Patsy abruptly stopped barking.
“Oh, shit. Somebody’s shot her. I’ll kill the son of a bitch.”
Skibinski yanked on his clothes and peered out the door. He thought he saw a dim light at the far end of his road. He slipped into his coat, laced up his snowshoes, took his double barrel and a handful of shells, and set off obliquely to work his way around to the far side of the light.
Saturday Morning
Shard stood in Debra’s driveway with the three deputies, cupping his Camel and trying to plot his next move. His radio squawked.
“Lieutenant, can you hear me? It’s Neil.” 
“Of course it’s Neil. Who else works at headquarters all the time?” Shard grumbled.
“Hi Neil, whatcha got?”
“I called earlier and you didn’t answer. Deputy Ricci called in about fifteen minutes ago and said he saw a white SUV headed west on Lansing Street.”
“Thanks Neil. Well guys, how many white SUVs can there be out in this storm at this time of night? Let’s get going.”
Shard was backing up when he heard, “Lieutenant? I have another white SUV for you.”
“What the hell. Is the county lousy with white SUVs in the middle of a snowstorm? Or are SUVs like arctic hares? They turn white in blizzards?”
“Yeah, Neil. Where.”
“Ricci saw this one headed north on 28. It had two people. He couldn’t tell how many the other one had; it’s got those darkened windows. They make it tough for us.”
“Right Neil, thanks.”
Shard called a council of war in the snow.
“Lingerfelt, call Ricci and you guys catch up with the one headed west. We’ll take the one on 28. When you make contact you’ll radio the other pair. Now, be careful guys, these folks aren’t amateurs.”
“Norseman, I want to drive.”
“Why? It’s snowing like hell, I’ll do it.” 
“Is this a guy thing or something? I have the same drivers’ license as you.”
“This is a hell of a time to argue,” Johnsen said. “Let me drive and let’s get going. Shard’s already out of sight.”
“No.”
“All right, Periwinkle, you win. But be careful.”
Somehow, her victory didn’t taste as sweet as she thought it would.
Saturday Morning
“Let's drag these two into the woods and get the hell out of here,” Ade said. “I don’t like dark and lonely places. I’ll bet there isn’t a sidewalk within a hundred miles of here.”
“Do you hear a dog?”  Rita asked.
“Yeah. That mean someone lives in this godforsaken place?”
“Unless the dog’s wild.”
Patsy burst out of the spruce trees yapping and leaping. She worked her way around to the front of the SUV and planted her feet. Her barks echoed off the snow throughout the woods.”
Rita opened her window and yelled, “shut up, you fucking cur.”
Patsy increased the frequency of her yips.
“God damned mutt,” Rita muttered as she stuck her pistol out the window.
“Don’t,” Ade said just as she fired.
“Where the hell did the hound go?” Ade asked.
“I don’t care as long as he’s quiet. I don’t want to wake every shit kicker out here.”
“Then why the hell did you shoot? They could hear it in Utica.”
“How else could I shut the cur up? God, I hate dogs.”
“We’ve got to get the hell out of here. We’ll dump these two somewhere else. Someone owns that dog and I can see some grizzled old bastard step of out of the woods with a World War II flamethrower and char us.”
“All right, step on it.”
Ade backed down the track about a hundred yards, but in his haste he cut the steering wheel to the left too early and his rear tire dropped into the ditch. He eased the SUV into drive to go forward, but it didn’t move. He tried rocking it out, but the rear wheel only sank deeper into the snow-filled hole.
“You damned idiot,” Rita said.
 “I suppose you haven’t noticed that we don’t have snow like this in New York. We’re civilized, we have cabs.”
“Shut up and get us out of here.”
“And, exactly how am I to do that?” Ade asked.
“You’re a guy, that’s your problem.”
Ade opened the door and sank into thigh-deep snow.”
“Jesus Christ,” he said. “That wheel is hanging over the edge, it’s not even touching the ground. Call a tow truck.”
“Are you nuts? How do we explain those two in the back seat? And where do we tell the tow truck to come? To the woods? You’re an idiot, Ade. Figure out how to get us out of here.”
“Don’t bother, you son of a bitch. You’re not going anywhere. You shot the my dog.”
Ade froze.
“Move a muscle and I’ll blow your head off.”
Saturday Morning
 “Johnsen? Can you hear me?” 
Shard heard nothing but static on his radio.
“Johnsen? I can’t see your lights behind me. Where are you? Talk to me, Norseman.”
Silence
Saturday Morning.
I can’t see anything, Norseman. It’s a whiteout.”
“I told you to let me drive.”
“And what could you see?”
“I don’t know how far behind Shard we are, but I can’t see his tail lights,” Periwinkle said.
“If we were a foot from him, I don’t think we’d see them. Just don’t hurry. We’ll catch him.”
“At thirty miles an hour it’ll take all night.”
“Johnsen, can you hear me?” Shard called on the radio.
Periwinkle leaned over to reply and inadvertently pushed down on the accelerator. The car’s rear end violently slid to the left putting the car into a 180-degree slide.
“Shit,” Johnsen yelled. “Turn into it.”
His admonition was a nanosecond late. The right rear of the car hit the end of the guardrail on the other side of the road and rode up over it, flipping the car over and over into a deep ravine. It finally settled on its roof, which was squashed almost level with the top of the seats. Neither Periwinkle nor Johnsen moved.
“Johnsen, I can’t see you lights behind me. Where are you? Talk to me, Norseman.” 
Saturday Morning
Skibinski saw a woman in the front seat staring at him as if he were an apparition and two people trussed up in the back.
Suddenly, they heard an unearthly sound just as a geyser of snow erupted from the front of the car. Patsy let out a yelp and leapt straight out of the snow spray at Ade. She drove her body weight into his chest and toppled him backwards. After she bounded off him she took a toothy purchase high on his left thigh.
“Get this Goddamned mutt, off me.”
“Down, Patsy,” Skibinski said, but she continued to try to extract a mouthful of Ade’s flesh. “I said DOWN,” he yelled, and this time Patsy sat back on her haunches and snarled.
“Sorry about that,” the mountain man said, “but you tried to kill her. Now, get up, you bastard.”
Ade wasn’t sure he could. His leg hurt like Hell.
“What’s wrong with them?” Skibinski asked, pointing to the back seat.
“Friends,” Rita said, as she aimed her pistol at the mountain man.
“Drop the shotgun or I’ll kill you.” 
The woodsman slipped two steps to his right that put Ade between him and the weapon.
“You shoot, you kill him,” he said calmly. “Then I kill you. It’s your choice, lady.”
Rita realized he was right. She swung her pistol around and put its barrel against Polk’s head.
“I’ve got a cop back here, mister. If you don’t drop your gun, I’ll blow his head off.”
Ade measured his chances of taking the man down, but he wasn’t sure his leg could take any weight. Besides, the snow was too deep for anything fancy, and the guy kept out of his reach. 
“Lady, you kill the cop, I shoot this guy with one barrel and you with the other ‘fore you can shoot me.”
“He’s right, Rita. I don’t want to die. I need a doctor to look at my leg. His damned dog ripped a hunk out of it.” 
“Shut up. You’re not going to die from a dog bite. Let me think.”
All eyes stayed riveted on Rita. Nobody moved.
“OK fellow, you win,” she said.
Saturday Morning
Shard couldn’t see a thing, but he drove at a steady twenty miles an hour by the feel of the road. When he felt cinders he aimed towards the other side. I’d pick myself up for DUI if I saw me driving like this.
Through the solid sheet of snow he thought he saw a glint of light. He rubbed his eyes and looked again. It was still there but appeared intermittent.
“Johnsen?” he radioed. “I see a light up ahead. Unless the road curves, it’s on the right side. I’m going to stop.”
Shard unclipped his shotgun from the dash.
Saturday Morning
“I’ll tell you what, mister,” Rita said, “we need to get to the nearest hospital. Can you help us get this damn thing out of the ditch? I’m sorry I shot at your dog, but he scared me.”
“It’s a she,” Skibinski said. “Throw your pistol out the window, then we can talk.”
Rita tossed it out high in the air.
“There, now let’s talk,” she said.
“Untie those people.” 
“I can’t do that mister. My friend and I work for the Secret Service and we’ve captured these two. They threatened to kill the president. We have to take them to Utica and fly them to Washington. We were going to Utica when we pulled in here. We’re lost.”
The mountain man stared at her for the longest time. Rita couldn’t decide whether he was stupid or was so impressed with their credentials that he didn’t know how to react. She guessed he’d never met anyone important in his life.”
“Well? Will you help us?”
Skibinski didn’t move a facial muscle. 
“You was faced wrong,” he said finally. “Utica’s that way,” he said as he pointed south.
Jesus, Rita thought, the bastard has a compass in his head. Where do I find them?
“You’re probably right, mister. We couldn’t see a thing in all this snow and turned around several times. We don’t know where we are or which way we’re headed.”
“North,” he said.
“Oh. OK. If you help us out of here, we’ll head the other way. OK?”
He didn’t know what to believe. Anyone who shot dogs had to be bad, but if he helped them, maybe they’d just go away and leave him alone. 
“OK.” 
“OK, what?” Rita asked.
“I’ll get my truck.”
Saturday Morning
Shard could see the light more clearly. He stuck his blue bubble light on the dash, turned it on, and stopped in what he guessed was the middle of the road. He switched on his flashlight and saw Skibinski with a shotgun pointed at Shryock. 
“Mr. Slibonski, it’s Lieutenant Shard. What’s going on?”
“It’s Skibinski.”
“Sorry,” Shard said as he plowed through the waist-deep snow in the ditch. As he approached the unpronounceable woodsman, 
he saw Rita.
“Rita and Shylock. Fancy meeting you guys here.” Then he spotted Polk lying across the back seat. 
“What the hell? That’s my deputy,” he said to Skibinski. “Cover me while I get him out of there.”
As Shard walked around the front of the car, Rita reached into the door pocket and brought up a pistol, which she aimed at Shard.
“Stop her Patsy,” Skibinsky shouted, and with one step and what Shard guessed was a twenty-foot leap, Patsy had Rita’s wrist between her teeth. He gun fell out into the snow.
“Aaaaaaaaah, call your damned dog off.” 
Skibonski stood stoically on his snowshoes. “I didn’t think you was Secret Service,” he said.
“Your dog man, He’ll kill me!” 
“It’s a she, lady.”
“I’ll get rabies.”
“I hope so.”
Shard untaped Polk. He and Polk quickly freed Debra who’d been underneath him.
“Do you know how heavy he is?” she asked. “I thought he would suffocate me.”
“But I kept you warm, ma’am.” 
Skibinski called Patsy an instant before they heard the plow coming.
“Oh, shit,” Shard said, “he’ll have his wing out and hit my car. Bluder will kill me.”
Nobody except Shard seemed to care.
The huge diesel plow stopped in front of Shard’s blinking blue light. The driver yelled to see if anyone needed help.
“Yeah, get me out of this ditch, will you?” Ade yelled.
“Don’t,” Shard said. “Leave him right here. My partners are behind me. Tell them we’re at Skibinski’s and I need their help.”
The plowman pulled around Shard’s car and disappeared quickly in a veil of snow.
“Get her gun Polk and keep it on her. I’ll call for help,” Shard said. 
“Neil? Lieutenant Shard. Where are Johnsen and Periwinkle? I need them.”
“They don’t answer. Lieutenant.”
“How about Lingerfelt and Ricci?”
“They called in ten minutes ago, sir. Their SUV had a family with two kids. Don’t you wonder why anyone is out with kids in this weather?”
Shard wondered why anyone was out, period.
“They were supposed to call me after they caught up with their SUV.”
“They did sir, you didn’t answer.”
“Get them out 28, now. North of the Fosters’ place.”
“Yes, sir.”
Saturday Morning
 “It’s nice to see people,” Bud Morton said aloud, as snow fanned ten feet in the air off the ends of his plows. “What was that ad years ago, the loneliest guy in town was the Sears repairman, or was it Westinghouse? I’ve got them both beat.” He poured himself another cup of coffee from his thermos.
“Coffee tastes better in a plow than anywhere else,” he said and took a healthy swallow of the piping hot liquid.
The upraised cup almost blocked his view, but he glimpsed two tire tracks that swung around in front of his plows and off the edge of the road. He plowed the tread marks into a ravine before he could stop.
“What the hell?” He lifted his plows, turned on his ditch lights, and backed up well past where he thought he’d seen them.
“Maybe I need more coffee, I’m seeing things this morning,” he said, as he started forward slowly.
At the end of the guardrail his ditch lights outlined a hump of disturbed snow down in the gully.
He walked to the edge of the road from where he could see a portion of a wheel sticking out of the snow.
“Damn,” he exclaimed, as he slid on his rear end down the ravine. He got on his hands and knees and brushed the snow away from the car and saw the sheriff’s department seal on the door. He got down on his belly, peered in, and saw two bodies jumbled together.
“Aw shit. Are you guys alive?” 
They didn’t move.
“Come on you guys, talk to me. You’ve got to get out of there. You’ll freeze to death. Say something, damn it.”
Nothing.
“Aw shit,” he said, as he scrambled on his hands and knees up to the road. He called his dispatcher and reported two dead cops in a ditch. 
“I’ll send an ambulance and tow truck and call the sheriff’s department,” he replied. “Stay there and keep your lights on so they can find you.”
Saturday Morning
 “Lieutenant Shard? You gotta answer me. It’s Neil. Answer me, damn it.”
Shard spun around on his heel. “I’ve never heard Neil swear.”
“Yeah, Neil.”
“The highway department called. Their plowman found a cruiser upside down on 28, just below you. He said there are two dead cops in it. They have to be Periwinkle and Johnsen because I just talked to Ricci and Lingerfelt. The dispatcher has sent an ambulance and tow truck out. What do you want me to do, sir?”
“They’re dead? They can’t be, Neil. They can’t be. Was the driver sure?”
“I don’t know, sir, but the dispatcher told me the driver said they were dead.”
“No, no, they can’t be, Neil. Patch me through to the snow plow man, will you?”
“Don’t take your eyes off those three,” Shard said to the mountain man and Polk. “If they try anything, shoot them.”
“I’m freezing,” Debra whined.
“Tough shit,” Skibinski said. “You heard the man, you move, I shoot.”
“Bud Morton here,” came over Shard’s radio. 
“Are they really dead?” 
“The car’s upside down and I crawled up to its window and yelled in. I didn’t get no response and nobody moved. It’ll take some time for the ambulance and tow truck to get here because I haven’t plowed down that way yet and the snow’s pretty deep.”
“I have two deputies coming north towards you, Bud. Have them radio me.”
“OK.”
Shard stared at the scene in front of him and dealt. The emotional hole in his gut felt like a ball fired by the Civil War cannon in Leyden’s park had struck him. He was close to tears. “They can’t be dead, they can’t be, I’m not finished with them yet,” he said into the sheet of snow.
“Bud, do you have a winch?”
“Sure.”
“Is your cable long enough to reach the car?”
“Yeah.”
“When Ricci and Lingerfelt get there, have them attach the hook to the far side of the car so you can flip it over on its wheels and drag it up to the road. Can you do that?”
“Hell, I can drag the town of Leyden with that thing. It’s made to get this truck out of ditches. And I got a load of salt and cinders on the back.”
“Good. They aren’t going to die, Bud. I guarantee it.”
“If you say so.”
“I do. I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
Shard rummaged around in his trunk and found four pairs of handcuffs. While the mountain man and Polk stood guard, he cuffed Shryock, Rita, and Debra.
“You can’t do this to me,” Debra said. “I’ll call my lawyer.”
“I don’t give a damn. You three get in the SUV. Polk, start the car, turn on the heater, and guard them. If they try to run, shoot them. That’s an order. Use this.” Shard handed him his shotgun. In the car’s lights he noticed Polk’s face was cut and swollen.
“You OK?”
“Yeah.”
“Come on Skibinski. Bring your dog, and let’s go.”
“Where?”
“To save two lives.”
Saturday, Near Dawn
“Cop must think I can turn this thing on a dime,” Morton said as he wrestled the big truck back and forth to line it up perpendicular to the car. As the steel cable unwound, he spotted the deputies.
He gave them Shard’s orders and handed Lingerfelt a shovel.
“This is a coal shovel. Haven’t seen one in years,” he said.
“Best for snow.” 
“Shovel out the other side of the car and hook the cable around the middle door post. Yell when you’re ready and get the hell out of there in case the cable snaps. It’ll take your heads off.”
The two men slid down the steep grade and worked their way around the car. It was deeper on the far side because the cruiser had pushed snow ahead of it.
“We’re just about ready,” Lingerfelt yelled.
“I probably made the wrong decision,” Shard said. “Jerking them around might kill them if they’re not already dead.”
“You didn’t,” Skibinski said.
Somehow, that made Shard feel better.
Morton took up the slack in the cable. The two deputies lay on their stomachs about fifty feet in front of the car. When the line popped out of the snow, Morton turned up the winch and the far side of the cruiser slowly rose. When the car was almost perpendicular, Morton took up the slack and let the car down slowly. It still hit with such force that it bounced twice before it came to a rest. Morton exhaled and began to drag the car sideways up the incline. In a couple of minutes he had it on the side of the road.
Lingerfelt and Ricci crawled up the ravine and ran over to the car. Morton shone his flashlight inside.
“That’s a girl,” he said. “The one on this side.”
“Yeah, it’s Sergeant Periwinkle,” Lingerfelt said. “That’s Sergeant Johnsen under her.”
“They ain’t moving,” Morton said.
Lingerfelt took off his gloves and ran around the other side and stuck his hand in front of Johnsen’s face. 
“I think he’s breathing, but not much.”
“There’s a hell of lot of blood in there,” Morton said. “Look at the dashboard.”
“Yeah,” Lingerfelt said.
“They’re going to have to saw them out of there,” The plowman said. “And we need to get some heat in there or they’ll die of hypothermia. If they’re alive.”
They heard Shard’s siren. “Are they alive?” he asked, as he leapt out of his car.
“I think Sergeant Johnsen is. We can’t tell about Sergeant Periwinkle,” Lingerfelt said.
“We need to keep them warm,” Morton repeated.
“Got any blankets?” Shard asked.
He took silence as a negative.
Skibinski looked in the flattened driver’s side window.
“Patsy,” he called, and pointed at the window. She jumped up on door and slithered through the narrow aperture. Skibinski shoved Patsy’s rump toward the middle of the car and ordered her to lie down. She sprawled across Johnsen’s head and the left side of Periwinkle’s face. Skibinski made sure their noses weren’t covered.
“She’ll keep them warm,” he said.
Shard ordered Lingerfelt and Ricci to get Polk and his prisoners and take them to headquarters. He borrowed Lingerfelt’s cell phone.
“Doc? It’s Shard.”
“Oh no, tell me this is a dream. It’s snowing like Mrs. O’Flaraty’s sheets out there. You can’t have a corpse. You couldn’t find one tonight.”
“I might have two, Doc, Johnsen and Periwinkle.” 
“Jesus, Mary, and Joseph. I’ll be there as soon as I can get my truck started. You’ve got to keep them warm.”
“The dog’s handling that. Bring your bag, Doc, I’ve got a deputy all banged up, he needs your help too.”
Saturday, Dawn
The ambulance and tow truck arrived in a half hour. The med techs quickly confirmed that Johnsen was breathing, but it took longer to check Periwinkle. They took a mirror on a long rod and maneuvered it beneath her nose. The faint fog pattern indicated that she too was still breathing.
“It could be the dog,” one of them said.
“Don’t be a pessimist. It’s the girl. But they are slow. I’d guess hypothermia, shock, or maybe lung or heart damage. We won’t know until we get them out.”
Patsy looked up, but didn’t move.
The tow truck driver used his jaws of life to wrench the driver’s door off and they carefully lifted them out. Periwinkle’s face and hair were covered with blood. Shard thought she looked paler than most corpses he’d seen. It took four of them to tug Johnsen’s dead weight out, but he looked better, with less blood and more color in his face. Both were unconscious.
“Maybe she kept him warm, and that’s why he’s so ruddy,” one of the ambulance attendants said.
“I hope so,” Shard answered. “You taking them to Leyden?”
“Be there as fast as Bud can plow a path. We’ll be right behind him Lieutenant.
“Please drive carefully. They’re not going to die,” Shard said. 
Saturday, First Light
On the way back to the Skibinski’s cabin, Shard said “you and Patsy saved lives tonight. I owe you.”
“No you don’t.”
“Incidentally, that woman tied up in the back of the car killed the man you found in Fosters’ garage. The other two are in some kind of a scam with her.”
Skibinski said nothing. He stared into the snow and petted Patsy who lay across his lap.
Shard pulled in behind the oddly angled SUV. 
“Thanks again, Skibinski.” 
“Wait here, I have something for you,” he said, as he strapped on his snowshoes and disappeared in the snowfall.
Shard realized he was exhausted and freezing. But at least Periwinkle and Johnsen were still alive. They’ll make it, he said to himself, they’re young and healthy. Until that moment he hadn’t realized how much of his life revolved around the two of them. 
“They’re my children. They’re my professional spouses,” he said to his empty car. “Maybe I ought not to insult them so much.” After some thought, though, he promised himself that if they lived, he’d insult them more for scaring the hell out of him. 
Skibinski and Patsy stepped out of the snow and he handed Shard a bottle of barely brown liquid.
“Thanks,” Shard said. “I’ll drink it later in your honor.”
“Drink now. You’re cold.”
He’s right, Shard thought. He took a goodly gulp and immediately fought down an unholy urge to cough it up. Within fifteen seconds, however, he was warm all over. 
“This is fine stuff,” he said, and took another swig.
The mountain man nodded.
Saturday Morning
Shard still couldn’t see much on his drive to Leyden but at least the road was plowed. The hospital parking lot hadn’t been plowed, however, and he could tell the cars only by the snow mounds in the parking spaces. He left his car on the side of the road and waded in through three feet of snow.
Doc was in the emergency room.
“At least you found me some live ones tonight, Lieutenant. You’re getting better at your job.”
“How are they?”
“Still unconscious. I think they have severe concussions, probably from the car’s roof when they rolled over. Their seat belts and air bags probably saved their lives.”
“Are they in any danger?”
“I don’t think so, unless they suffered brain damage, and I won’t know that until they come around. I have them on IVs and electric blankets to raise their body temperatures.”
“What about all the blood?”
“They have lots of small cuts on their heads but none looks serious. You know how heavily those head cuts bleed. No flesh under the skin up there.”
“How long do you think they’ll be unconscious?”
“Do I look like God?”
Shard had to admit that if God looked like Doc, dressed in an ancient pair of shapeless corduroy pants that were out at the knees and a faded, wrinkled flannel shirt, his hair sticking up at odd angles, and with the ubiquitous cigar butt clenched in his teeth, there’d be no religion.
“How about a guess, then?”
“If we’re lucky, son, they might come around in a few hours when they’re hydrated and warmer, say around dawn, if there is one today. This is worse than the first at Christmas. Took me a half an hour to dig my truck out, longer than it took to start it.”
Any other time Shard would have found that funny, but he was too worried, cold, and tired.
“I’ll be back Doc. Take care of them, will you? They can’t die. Oh, by the way, did you look at Polk?”
“Yeah. Someone beat the hell out of him. Looks he hit him with something big, heavy, and sharp.”
“I think it was a coffee table,” Shard said.
“Oh.”
Shard went back to his car and took a huge gulp from the mountain man’s bottle.
Saturday Morning
Debra sat in the interrogation room talking to Hetzler when Shard walked in. She looked as bad as Doc, he thought. He bet Harkness had never seen her this way.
“I’d like to speak to you alone, Lieutenant,” Hetzler said.
“Is that OK with your client?”
Debra gave Shard the slightest nod.
“Fine, come up to my office.”
Shard sat behind his desk and fumbled with his pencil mug until he found a misshapen Camel.
“I hope you don’t mind counselor, but I really need this.”
Hetzler waved any objection away.
“Debra’s authorized me to approach you about immunity in return for her testimony. She’s ready to tell you everything she knows about those other two you have downstairs.” Shard narrowed his eyes and squinted at the lawyer.
“In almost any other circumstances I’d talk to the sheriff and D.A. Fenwick about immunity. But, the problem is, your client is a murderess. She killed Harkness after he told her he was going to dump her. I can’t support immunity against prosecution for that killing. Hell, Stutzenberger and Fenwick would laugh me out of their offices. Mr. Harkness was one of Leyden’s most influential citizens and they have to bring somebody to justice, especially in an election year.”
“That’s what I was afraid you’d say, but I don’t believe you can prove that Debra’s guilty. And I think that you know it. All you have is circumstantial evidence, most of which is pretty thin. You don’t even know when he died.”
“True, but I have three people in custody who know who did it and probably when and why. One of them, my friend, will break to save his or her own skin, and I have all the time in the world to work on them. Your client is at considerable risk, I should think. I wouldn’t want my life to hang on their willingness to keep quiet. Would you?”
Hetzler’s probing eyes told Shard he was thinking compromise. 
Shard’s right, Hetzler thought. Those two will scuttle Debra in an instant to save their own hides. And I don’t know what they know or what spin they’ll put on it. Worst of all, I think the odds are very good that Debra did murder Harkness.
“You’re saying,” Hetzler said, “that you won’t support full immunity for my client?”
“I can’t.
Saturday Morning
“This doesn’t make any sense,” Debra said. “They broke into my house and kidnapped me and I’m in jail. I’m the victim, Lieutenant. They almost killed me and they probably would have if you hadn’t shown up. Didn’t Mr. Hetzler make that clear to you?”
“Not quite. He wanted to talk about immunity in return for your testimony against the others.”
“And?”
“I couldn’t agree to it.”
“Why not? I’ll tell you everything I know and I know a lot.”
“Probably true, you have information I’d like to have. But would you tell me why and how you killed Mr. Harkness? I bet not.”
“I’ve told you already, I didn’t kill him and don’t know who did. Probably one of them.”
“I think not. You stabbed him after he told you your affair was over. Somehow they found out and blackmailed you to help them in their scheme to persuade Gloria and Collins to sell the mill.  I suspect they promised to cut you in on their take if they were successful. Am I close? If you don’t tell me, I’m sure your friends Rita and Slysock will be happy to explain it to me.”
She stared at Shard for several moments and said nothing. Hetzler didn’t see any reason to break her train of thought either.
“Well?” Shard asked.
“Oh God, what a mess. I never thought it’d end like this. We had such a lovely arrangement for three years. How could it turn so tawdry? It’s all Gloria’s fault. She never loved Steve. All she wanted was what she could get out of him. She knew about us from the start and it was OK with her because she got everything she wanted. Only after Steve ran out of money did she demand he dump me.”
“I think you ought to stop and not incriminate yourself,” Hetzler interrupted. “He can use anything you say here against you.”
“What difference does it make now? I’ve lost everything including my self respect.”
“It could mean spending the rest of your life in prison.”
“But I’m living in my own jail and it’s worse than anything New York can do to me. What do I have to look forward to?”
Tears cascaded down her cheeks. Shard pushed the roll of toilet paper closer to her, but she ignored it. He wished Periwinkle were here to handle this.
Suddenly she jerked upright and said, “I’d like to talk to Father Hines before I say anything else. They say confession’s good for the soul.”
“Fine,” Shard said. “I’ll call him.”
Hetzler looked relieved.
Sunday Morning
The storm had blown out and Leyden lay smothered under three-feet of snow and a perfectly blue, sunny sky. Any other time Shard would have paused to admire the beauty of the sparkling, untouched cover. The roads and the hospital’s parking lot looked as if God had scrubbed his world clean, but left the suds.
He found Doc asleep in an unoccupied room. Shard thought he looked even more disreputable, but at least he didn’t sleep with a cigar in his mouth. It balanced precariously on the edge of the bedside table.
“Doc?”
“Go away. Can’t you see I’m getting my beauty rest?”
“If you slept for a million years -” and Shard stopped, thinking this might not be the time. “Sorry to wake you Doc, but I wanted to ask how Johnsen and Periwinkle are.”
“Well, as of exactly fourteen minutes ago, that’s when I laid down here for a much needed rest, they were better. Johnsen has regained full consciousness, but has a brutal headache, so I’m keeping him heavily sedated. Periwinkle’s not as clear as Johnsen, but give her a few more hours. I think they’re out of the woods.”
“Why didn’t you call me when the Norseman came to?”
“He didn’t make much sense and I didn’t get a single saga about medieval car wrecks. I thought it was more important to keep him calm. You’d bother him with questions and I don’t want him to think, not that he does it very often anyway. You can take a peek in their rooms, but don’t wake them like you did me. They need their sleep too.”
Sunday Morning
Shard had only slept eleven hours when his phone jarred him back to consciousness.
“Lieutenant Shard.”
“Steve Hetzler here, Lieutenant. I talked to my client after she’d finished with Father Hines and she asked me to see if you’d be amenable to a partial immunity, something along the lines of a recommended sentence of, say, ten years or so.”
“So she’s admitted that she killed Harkness?”
“You know I can’t answer that, Lieutenant, that’s privileged information, but I can say that she’ll clear up that crime.”
“OK, Steve, I’ll check with the sheriff and D.A. tomorrow and get back to you.”
Shard rolled over and slept until mid-afternoon when his phone rang again.
“Lieutenant Shard.”
“It’s certainly refreshing to find that our police officers are awake on Sunday afternoons,” Doc said.
“I hope you have some good news so I can go back to that dream you interrupted.”
“I’ll make you a deal, Lieutenant. I’ll give you good news if you’ll promise me no bodies, concussed cops, and disfigured faces for at least a week so I can catch up on all my missed checkers matches.”
“OK, OK, I promise. What’s the good news?”
“First of all, Johnsen came around nicely and ought to be setting elves and norns loose everywhere by tomorrow Morning. Let him be tonight. He told me that he can’t remember a thing that happened after Periwinkle, who was behind the wheel, told him she couldn’t see anything in the snow.”
“And Periwinkle?”
“She’s catching up with Johnsen, pretty clear now. But let her be too. I’ll cut back on their pain meds and they ought to sleep another twenty-four hours. And, for good measure, I repaired deputy Polk’s face. He’ll look as good as new in a few weeks after the purple and green splotches disappear. I can’t say he’ll be any more intelligent, but remind him not to let anybody slam furniture into his head. He told me the guy hit him with a coffee table. Don’t you tell your deputies that the first law of survival is not to let anyone swing a table at you.”
“You’re in rare form, Doc.”
“Always. Now, can I go home? I haven’t read yesterday’s paper or done the crossword. I’m behind in my hectic life.”
“Be my guest, Doc, and many thanks.”
“Bosh.”
Monday Morning
The second floor nurse informed Shard that Johnsen and Periwinkle were still sound asleep. Shard wondered how anybody slept in a hospital after 5.30 a.m. when the day shift arrived wearing cement boots, pushing square-wheeled carts, and barging into patients’ rooms exuding overbearing cheerfulness. 
Back at headquarters, Shard hadn’t knocked the snow off his boots before Neil found him.
“Good morning, Lieutenant. The sheriff wants to see you. He sent me to find you.”
“Gotcha, Neal, and thanks for your help Friday night. You may have saved Johnsen and Periwinkle’s lives.”
Neil puffed up at least two sizes. Maybe I ought to compliment him more often, Shard thought.
Bluder met Shard at the sheriff’s door and didn’t even mention the cruiser in the ravine. Shard considered hitting her up for another office chair while she was in such a good mood, but thought better of it.
“Sheriff in?”
“Been waiting for you all morning, Lieutenant.”
Shard glanced up at the clock, 7.48 a.m. 
He knew the Kaiser wouldn’t be interested in the weather. He thought the day after a storm, one that featured a perfectly cloudless sky, was a day without weather.
Shard gave him a summary of his activities Saturday morning, an update on his sergeants’ conditions, and a synopsis of Hetzler’s request for partial immunity.
“Christ, this is an election year. Harkness was the town’s biggest employer. The voters will have my scalp if I allow that woman to go free.”
“All true, sir, but there are extenuating circumstances.”
“Enlighten me son.”
“His murder was a crime of passion. A good defense attorney will convince a jury of that. Ms. Newbill, dressed in modest and expensive clothes on the stand, will tear the jurors’ hearts out, the wronged woman and all that.”
“What do you mean wronged woman? Mrs. Harkness was wronged, not her.”
“Yeah, but Debra is more likeable. Those who don’t like Gloria won’t blame Harkness for taking a mistress. They would too if they were married to her. They will troop to the polls to vote for you, sir, because you supported the wronged other woman.”
“Who just happened to commit murder?”
“Maybe because Gloria prodded her to do it.”
“Garbage. She didn’t have to kill Harkness.”
“True, but she was pushed to the point where she was certain that her life was on the verge of destruction. She lashed out.”
“Yeah, with an ice pick.”
“A more practical aspect is that if Debra talks, we’ll clear up the murder, the house shootings, the car shootings, and the conspiracy to scare Collins and Gloria into selling out which will save the mill jobs. Remember, they’re all voters, sir.”
The Kaiser slid his hand down below the desk and gave his belly an upward push, a clear sign that Shard had his full attention.
“How much immunity?”
“Steve Hetzler suggested 10 or so.”
‘With no chance of parole?”
“We didn’t get that far, sir.”
“I’ll talk to Fenwick. He’s up for re-election too, you know. The pressure’s on both of us.”
“I understand sir, but some degree of immunity will clear up all these cases and show what a stickler you are for running a tight, clean town.”
Stutzenberger liked that. Tight and clean was just what he wanted.
“I’ll get back to you in a few minutes.”
Shard walked across the street and dug through piles of snow to uncover the base of his favorite lamp. He took a Camel over to the post office and sat down on the floor next to Luke and Dizzy.
“What’s new guys?” 
“Dizzy and me made snow angels all night on Tilden.”
“What? I told you not to make snow angels in the street, ever. You’ll get run over Luke.”
“Weren’t no cars out. Just me and Dizzy.”
“I was out,” Shard said.
Monday Afternoon, Late
Shard hurried up the stairs to the second floor carrying what Lizzy Snowdon said was a spring bouquet and found Johnsen and Periwinkle sitting in their bathrobes in wheelchairs in the small sunroom. Shard thought they both looked pretty ragged. Periwinkle had a large bruise over her right eye and numerous cuts along her hairline and down her right cheek. Johnsen had a huge knot on his chin and both had spikes of hair standing straight up.
“Like your hairdos,” Shard said.
“Thought you would,” Johnsen said. “Doc’s work.”
“I expected to find shaved patches all over your scalps judging from the amount of blood you guys lost.”
“Nope,” Periwinkle said. “Doc told us he saved our hair with an old trick he learned in his vet practice. He rubbed our cuts with cigar spittle and glued them together. Said the glue would fall off as they healed.”
“You’re kidding. Right?” Shard asked.
“That’s what he said, Boss. Said he’d rather have used camel dung, but he hadn’t been down to the Utica zoo in a while. And we still have our hair. I think I have more spikes than she does though.”
“I expect that you want to know what happened after you left the straight and narrow path Saturday morning,” Shard said. He laid out the sequence of events through the promised partial immunity and Debra’s three-hour discourse on how she killed Harkness and Rita found out and used her to pressure Gloria and Junior to sell their shares if they inherited. She blamed Gloria for what Harkness did to her and admitted she sought revenge.
“It’s pretty much as you thought, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“Close, but we need her testimony to take it to court. The Kaiser agreed and will take the heat for being lenient.”
“But that’s not why I came up here with these stunning flowers.
Bluder sends her best and says that you have to fill out individual expense forms for every medical procedure and that includes the spittle and glue, I guess. She also said to tell you that the car you guys wrecked cost the department $26,844. She’ll take out the depreciation and deduct the rest of its value from your wages over the next year to balance her books. She told me to remind you that it’s an election year. Oh yeah, she needs to know who was driving because she takes ten percent more from that paycheck.”
“I was,” Johnsen said.
“No he wasn’t, Boss. I was.” 
"All right, all right, I'll just tell her that it was Gunnar Half and Half and let her figure it out,"Shard said.

THE END  
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

James Ward

The Shard Chronicles are an accident; I never considered writing fiction. When my late wife, Roberta, became too ill to teach her AP English classes, I suggested she write a mystery since she loved to read them. We started plotting such a book while cooking dinner and enjoying adult libations. It was great fun and after a few weeks we had scads of wrinkled notes covered with cooking stains. Thus, we created Shard.
I was a professor of American history and taught at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga  for forty three years. During my last decade there I taught a course on Viking history, so we added a twist to our mysteries by creating Knut Johnsen, whose constant saga spouting enables Shard to view mankind in a new light. 
Within twenty-four hours of deciding to write Shard, Roberta announced that she had "no voice," and persuaded me to write the rough draft and she would edit it. That became our routine for almost two years; I wrote every night and she destroyed my Pulitzer-prize-winning prose every day. We had a ball.
Somebody advised me that all authors should write only about what they know. Well, Leyden exists, although not by that name, and we knew it well because the maternal side of my family came from there. We spent our summers in the Adirondacks for sixteen years and I guarantee you that Shard's buildings still stand, his favorite bar is open, and some of his characters and my non-fictional relatives walk it's snow covered streets. 
Some of my friends I've shamed into reading what follows, claim that we based Shard on me. I confess I never saw that, but maybe that's why I like the guy. We do have one big difference though; my fifty-five year old Chevrolet Biscayne has real windows, a heater, and a propensity to start!
hope that you enjoy what follows as much as we enjoyed creating Shard's world. If you read far enough into this you will find that I have an unfinished fourth Shard volume that I would love to have someone finish for/with me, and I don't know who did it either. Contact me, as per my "contest," at shardchronicles@gmail.com
