


About the Book

It’s late February and the area is experiencing an unexpected cold snap with snow. Liam, Steve Donovan’s eight-year-old son, is staying with Abi while Steve and Melanie are on their honeymoon.
Abi is concerned when single mum Bethany reports a man wearing a long raincoat, hanging around the local play area taking photographs. Bethany is afraid that her father and disagreeable Aunt Erica have sent him to spy on her, with a view to snatching baby Freddie. Abi thinks there are two men watching. Why two?
Young Liam is clearly upset by all the changes in his life, and Abi tries to win his confidence with jam donuts. Abi warns Liam and his friends to keep away from the deep pond in the woods, because the ice is too thin to walk on. But Liam is on the hunt for Bigfoot, convinced he lives somewhere amongst the trees.
Bethany’s friendship with Harry the builder seems to be turning into a romance, maybe even a wedding ‒ if Bethany’s father and Aunt Erica can be kept away. Pete and Hayley also wonder if this is a good opportunity to discuss marriage!
A cozy mystery romance taking place in a small English town, told by Abi Button.

Donuts and Disaster

An Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance #5

by

Lizzie Lewis ©2020

This eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-74-2

Also available as a paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-912529-75-9


Published by
White Tree Publishing
Bristol
UNITED KINGDOM

wtpbristol@gmail.com

Full list of books and updates on

https://whitetreepublishing.com/

Donuts and Disaster is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this abridged edition.


Table of Contents

Cover
About the Book
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Epilogue
The Ninety and Nine
More Abi Button Books 
About White Tree Publishing


Chapter 1

They say the path of true love never did run smooth. I don’t know who “they” are, or were, but I know they got it spot on. I have a feeling it was Shakespeare. Maybe A Midsummer Night’s Dream. Anyway, I’d only been married to Danny for five months when he left me. Just like that. Fortunately, I had Alice and Rupert Forrester living with me, because the builder had yet to finish making their house fit for human habitation.
How is a recently married bride supposed to cope when that happens? I told Danny it was very inconsiderate of law firm Branks, Davis & Waters to expect him to go away to a conference for three whole days. Old Mr Waters was of course extremely apologetic. Danny said he was devastated. I asked if he really had to go. He did.
We bought an amazing king size bed to replace the single bed I grew up with when the house belonged to my parents. The only time I had used the bed was with Danny, straight after our honeymoon in Italy. I couldn’t believe a king size bed could feel so empty with only one person in it. All I could do at night was hug Danny’s pillow and dream of his return.
Danny was due back Friday early evening, no doubt saying with the greatest sincerity how much he’d missed me. Well, at least I was hoping he would sound sincere, although I suspected he might be a bit too full of how stimulating the conference had been.
The first thing I planned to do on his return was lead him up to the bedroom to rekindle our love, but that sort of thing can be difficult with an eight-year-old boy roaming the house.
The eight-year-old boy was Liam Donovan. Yes, Melanie and Steve had finally tied the knot and were away on honeymoon. Liam’s mother, Sharon, had been looking after Liam full time since swapping Liam’s father, Steve Donovan, for a younger man five years ago, and recently swapping the younger man for an even younger man who insisted there was no place for the boy in the relationship. There is no doubting Liam’s paternity. Both Steve and Liam have ginger hair.
So, Steve had finally been given the chance to look after his son to whom he had become almost a stranger. Fortunately, Melanie had also welcomed the arrangement. Or so she said. At nearly forty-three, she told me she didn’t fancy the idea of producing one of her own, and since Liam was potty trained and able to feed himself at the table, it really wasn’t such a bad arrangement. Especially as he was so obviously part of Steve.
It was late February, and we were experiencing an unusually cold spell. Fortunately, my house was keeping warm. I certainly wasn’t too lonely during Danny’s absence, with three house guests. Alice and Rupert’s house, which still seemed a bit creepy to me, is at the other end of my road, with an area of woodland between our two houses.
Brian Warmley, the local builder and member of our church, was still completing a major restoration of Alice and Rupert’s house. The previous occupant, an eccentric old man, had let it fall into disrepair, including marking it with his own distinctive smell. Stink. Fetid is a very appropriate word I learnt recently.
Yuck.
Alice said some plumbing needed finishing, and also of course the decorating and floor coverings had to be done. The central heating system was installed, and running gently twenty-four seven in order to dry out the interior before some magical smell-defying paint was applied on the walls ‒ hopefully generously.
Alice is slightly smaller than me. She has unruly very dark brown curly hair, and I have long, naturally blonde hair almost to my shoulders, with a slight curl on the end. Whereas I part my hair over my right eye, Alice’s hair defies any sort of managed arrangement. As she says, “It is what it is.”
Liam Donovan was with me for ten days. He was extremely quiet, and I was finding it difficult to get more than single words out of him. Anyway, he would be at school in the week, which left Saturday and Sunday as a potential problem area. I still have to develop the correct approach to dealing with small children, because I can’t help seeing them as equals. That means I find it easier to be one of them than to be the adult in charge.
Danny had unfortunately missed the wedding, and had taken our little Kia runabout to his conference. Melanie had left me her rather tatty Fiat so I could take Liam to school, before going to Button Up to help cope with the regular to-go customers who collected coffee and pastries on their way to work.
Steve had decided to borrow a reliable car for the honeymoon, which was somewhere on the south coast of England. Keeping up the honeymoon tradition, Melanie hadn’t said exactly where, but of course we could get in touch by phone in emergencies. Not that there would be any.
Button Up, the name of our coffee shop, came about by putting my maiden name of Button with the first part of Melanie’s, which was Upton. Button Up. To most people, and certainly to our customers, I’m still Abi Button, although my surname is now Wells. Danny called me Happy Button the other day, my nickname from school, so he must still think of me as Button! Melanie’s surname is now Donovan, so technically the name Button Up makes no sense at all, except that’s what the coffee shop is known as ‒ and will be for ever.
Perhaps if we get an infestation of rats and are forced to close for a short time, a new name would be sensible ‒ after employing the Pied Piper to do his work. If we did use him, I think we’d miss the kids coming in. They might be messy ‒ not any might about it ‒ but most of them add to the cheerful ambiance and general background noise. The others? I think the Pied Piper would return them quickly.
After their Thursday morning wedding, Melanie and Steve Donovan departed for distant climes, with Melanie making sure I had her phone number on my own phone. She said not to bother to try phoning Steve, because he’d mislaid his phone somewhere in their apartment, and the battery was flat so they couldn’t call it.
Friday morning drop-off with Liam went well, although of course I was worrying about sending the boy to school in the wrong clothes. He didn’t seem to have a clue what he normally wore on school days.
Melanie had booked Liam in for school breakfast club, and Pete Wilders, our twenty-year-old coffee shop assistant was now sufficiently experienced to open up at seven and start things going before I arrived. Fortunately, I could park Melanie’s Fiat at the back of the coffee shop, which saved me a few minutes.
Melanie said it would be fine to take Liam into work for the whole day on Saturday, and he would sit quietly in the coffee shop stockroom with his Nintendo Switch, playing games on it and not be any trouble. How’s that for optimism!
We close Button Up on the dot of six, but on Friday I had to slip away early to collect Liam from after-school club at five. It certainly was a long day for the poor kid. The ordinary day at school had been more than long enough for me, but then I had never been keen to go. At least Liam seemed to have friends there ‒ as far as I could tell from single word sentences.
Saturday would be taken care of at the coffee shop, and Sunday should be fine because we never open. And next week would be school again, so I decided perhaps I’d been worrying unnecessarily.
Danny came back on Friday evening as planned, and I’d been right. It seemed that the conference had been extremely stimulating. He said he had some bad news to share with me. He had to go to work on Saturday to sort out some urgent work that had arisen in his short absence.
Okay, these things crop up when you’re a young lawyer with a highflying job. I wasn’t going to be around on Saturday anyway, as I would be needed at Button Up.
Liam joined the four of us at the table and tucked into pizza without saying a word. I got the impression he was enjoying it, and I had no problem with him using his hands. I often do the same with pizza. Then I worried, because I couldn’t remember sending him to wash before we sat down.
Alice told Liam that she and Rupert could take him somewhere for the day in the morning, but that didn’t seem to go down particularly well as an offer. Liam looked at me appealingly, but without saying a word. His facial expression told me everything. I could understand his reticence. He’d only met Alice and Rupert a couple of times.
“It’s okay, Liam,” I said reassuringly, “you’re coming to Button Up with me. Pete and Hayley will be there, and we’ll find time to go shopping together. Saturday at the coffee shop is usually quiet without the office workers. How’s that?”
He stared at me without saying a word.
“Right,” I said brightly, “that’s settled. Good. You can decide what we do.”
I was struggling to get any sort of conversation going. Liam had returned to tackling his pizza.
“How’s the house coming along, Alice?” Danny asked. His pizza was long gone. “Has Brian given you a moving date yet?” He thought for a moment. “Not that we’re trying to get rid of you.” He laughed, and I could tell it was a genuine laugh. We really enjoyed having our new friends living with us. I knew we’d miss them when they’d gone, even though they would only be at the other end of the road.
“Definitely by the end of March, if not sooner,” Alice said. “Rupert and I are going to give a hand with the painting and decorating, as we agreed with Brian earlier.” She laughed. “And don’t forget you both offered to lend a hand in the evenings. We’ve already chosen and ordered the carpets and the furniture. Most of the furniture is flatpack, and I’m going to help Rupert screw it together.”
Rupert works in the local garage, so is used to handling various tools of the trade. I remembered struggling to put my own flatpack stuff together. The furniture I had grown up with, my parents’ furniture, had somehow seemed inappropriate for a young, single girl in her late twenties when they left.
I knew Rupert had been renovating a classic car in the town where he lived before coming here. He assured us that even when it was roadworthy, he and Alice were still going to ride their bikes to work for the exercise. I wondered how keen they would be on wet days. Well, at least the intention was there.
Alice had already told me the car needed various essential parts to complete the restoration, which Rupert had now managed to find on eBay. Annoyingly, they wouldn’t tell us the make and model, but said it was a soft-top.
I remembered going out with a boyfriend called Jack – a very short-term boyfriend – who had a classic E-type Jaguar that had an open top. I wondered if this car would be something similar. All Alice would say was that she was excited at the thought of going out in it as soon as the weather warmed up.
My parents moved to Spain more than five years ago, and were living in comfortable retirement. My mother shipped her favourite pieces of furniture out to the villa that my father had renovated, and said she was happy for me to change whatever I wanted of what she’d left behind. So I changed most of it.
Of course, when she and Dad came back to see me after the deed was done, I got the feeling she wasn’t thrilled with what she called my IKEA showroom, although she didn’t say anything too critical. Perhaps I was just feeling guilty.
“I’m tired.” Liam was using two words together for once.
I told him to have a bath or shower, and I would leave clean clothes for Saturday on the chair by the side of his bed. He raced up the stairs and I heard the bathroom door slam shut and the lock click. Wise boy. There’s nothing like a bit of privacy when you’re eight years old!

Chapter 2

At eight o’clock on Saturday morning, Liam seemed happy enough to go with me in Melanie’s old car to Button Up. Well, he was going to have to get used to the Fiat. Melanie and Steve had no plans to replace it with something better. The rent for the small apartment they were now living in was quite enough to pay. Steve Donovan works at an electrical distributor on the edge of town, and Button Up isn’t exactly a goldmine.
Before the wedding, Melanie and Steve had been living with their grandmothers, who, if the stories I heard were correct, were on the wrong side of being unpleasant and interfering. So they could certainly do without the constant meddling, and were looking forward to a long and happy married life.
In Button Up we wear cream and black striped jackets with our logo on the top pocket. We wear old jeans, because handling food and drink can be a bit messy at times, especially when the customers accidentally jostle us in their eagerness to get seated at busy times.
Pete was trying to joke with Liam, and gave him Melanie’s jacket to wear. Then he formally initiated the boy into The Full Order of Button Up Table Clearers. Of course the jacket swamped little Liam, because what Melanie lacks in height she more than makes up for in width. Her humour is a great hit with the customers.
Liam quickly pulled the jacket off and let it fall to the floor. He was clearly in no mood for fun. Pete pretended to cry as he picked up Melanie’s jacket and made a great show of brushing it down, but his play acting received no response.
On a more positive note, the boy seemed to have a yearning for jam donuts. He pointed to the glass cabinet, and I got the message. Then without a word he quickly disappeared into the stockroom with two donuts, along with his Switch and a bottle of fizzy orange.
I remembered the confusion a couple of years ago when some American visitors asked for jelly donuts. I explained we only had jam ones. They looked puzzled as they pointed to the display cabinet, and after a bit of discussion I realised that jam is called jelly in America, and what we call jelly is Jell-O. But unless the customers sound American, we call them jam donuts, but they are labelled with the more usual American spelling – donut rather than doughnut – which I suppose is a sort of compromise. And they certainly are delicious.
In the meantime, I helped Pete and Hayley serve what I considered to be more healthy food to our customers. Pete was just twenty, and earning money to pay for an evening course in the college where Alice Forrester works as a librarian. I suspected Pete was also putting money aside for what he hoped would be an early wedding with Hayley, our other assistant.
Hayley, at eighteen going on nineteen, is full time in college, but able to help in the late afternoons and on Saturday. During the holidays she seems to hang around a lot with Pete in Button Up, so they are both on our part-time payroll. But they only get paid when they are actually on duty rather than hanging out.
Button Up has been open for just over five years. My father, on his wealthy and early retirement, paid for me to set up my share of the coffee shop business with Melanie Upton ‒ now Melanie Donovan. He had also passed the deeds of the house over to me. How many girls can claim to own their own house at my young age!
After an hour, Liam emerged from the stockroom with jam spread liberally around his mouth. He pointed to the display of pastries in the glass cabinet. “More?”
At least it was a question, and not a demand. I shook my head. “Quite enough sugar for you, Liam. If you lick around your lips you’ll be having another helping, anyway. And look at the state of the screen on your Switch. There’s enough food on there to feed a family for a week.”
Liam frowned as he studied the streaks of food smeared across the screen, then shook his head and rolled his eyes. Well, he was going to have to get used to my humour, and not take everything I say too literally.
Liam pointed to the ceiling. “Who’s up there? I could hear someone walking around when I was in the stockroom.”
“There’s an apartment up there with a small office,” I explained. “It belongs to Melanie and me, and we let it out to an accountant. He lives up there.”
Liam looked around, clearly puzzled. “How does he get up there?”
“There’s a door by the side of Button Up. There’s a private staircase going up there. So it’s completely‒‒‒”
There was a clatter on the floor from the table where a family with two girls were eating our delicious croissants. One of the girls had dropped a pound coin that rolled across the floor. In an instant Liam leapt forward and picked it up. With a smile he held it out to give to the girl.
When Steve had warned me to watch out for Liam’s tricks, I thought he meant some sort of disobedience. I was wrong. As the girl went to take the coin, looking rather embarrassed, it was no longer in Liam’s hand. She frowned and turned to her father.
“Now where’s it gone?” Liam said, laughing. “Wait, here it is.” And he produced it from the girl’s hair.
Not only was Liam stringing several words together, but he also looked relaxed. Then followed several minutes of street magic while Liam repeated the trick for the younger girl. The coin came, went, and came back in the most unexpected places. The girls looked amazed at Liam’s dexterity. I was pretty amazed myself that an eight-year-old boy could manipulate the coin so deftly in his hand.
I guessed that the older girl was about ten, and the younger one maybe five or six. It seemed that even the older girl was unable to understand how Liam did it. Finally Liam stood back and took a bow. The parents and the girls clapped, and asked if he had any other tricks.
Liam asked for the pound coin back, and pulled up a chair to the table. Then he placed the coin on the table and whacked his hand down on top of it, keeping his other hand out of sight under the table. He lifted his hand and the coin had gone from on top of the table. Then he produced the hand under the table holding the pound coin, and gave it back to the girl who had dropped it in the first place.
Even I couldn’t work out how he did that. The ginger-haired kid had talent. Of course, he might have had a pound coin of his own. But however he did it, the family looked stunned.
Several people had risen from their own tables and come to watch. Liam said he’d done enough, but if they came next Saturday he would show them more magic. Great. The boy had discovered a way to drum up extra Saturday business for us. I couldn’t wait to see all the customers return. Perhaps I should put Liam on the Saturday payroll!
Liam seemed to have forgotten about the jam donuts, and I took the opportunity to tell him to get his coat and we’d go out to the shops. Having suddenly learnt to speak, Liam explained that he would rather go to the site of the old cotton mill, as he was doing a project about it at school. Could I take some photographs for him?
The town grew around the cotton mill. All the houses in my road were built in the early eighteen hundreds for the mill workers. My house and Alice’s are separated by the area of woodland which is open to the public. On the opposite side of the road there’s a long row of terraced brick houses. It seems that every old building in the town is built of these dark red bricks that I presume were made reasonably locally. But I’ve no idea where.
The cotton mill changed from a relatively modest building in the late eighteenth century, powered by a waterwheel, to an enormous mill with the advent of steam power. It closed some time in the nineteen twenties, presumably during the slump.
“There’s nothing to see, Liam,” I said. “Just some modern workshops and storage units.”
We had driven there in Melanie’s car, and as he got out, Liam took hold of my hand. He seemed to realise what he was doing and quickly let go. “I know there’s nothing left of the mill,” he said. “It was closed and falling to pieces, and then it was bombed in the war. And then they shovelled it all away. I’ve got an old picture of it when it was working. It’s in a book Dad gave me.”
It made me glad to hear Liam referring to Steve as Dad. As far as I could gather, he was calling Melanie just Melanie, and not Mum. That also made me feel glad. No one should forget that their mother is always their mother.
The river isn’t impressive. I think some visitors view it as a stream or brook, but what it lacks in width it makes up for in depth. Even so, I wasn’t surprised when we were told at school that it was steam power that led to the construction of the larger, now-disappeared cotton mill.
The cotton industry did us all a favour, because it meant the railway runs through the town. Not that many trains stop nowadays, because it’s a main line for freight trains, and fast trains running between cities, and very few local ones.
“The mill should never have been knocked down,” Liam said. “That’s what Mum says. It should have been restored as a feature for the town. I don’t like things being destroyed.”
I wondered if this was deep philosophy from Liam, perhaps subconsciously thinking of his own life which had been destroyed by his mother’s new boyfriend sending him packing. I think he’d been happy with the previous relationship, and I could only hope he was going to settle down okay now with Melanie and his real dad.
The area is fairly deserted, and it had been easy to park on an open patch of land. “What do you want me to photograph?” I asked, as we stood on the riverbank.
Liam pointed to the commercial buildings that stand where the mill once had been. “Can you print the pictures for me? I want to stick them in my project book.”
“Of course. But it doesn’t look very interesting.”
“I think we need to go on the footbridge to get the same view as the picture in my book,” Liam said, sounding surprisingly grown up. “You go on, Abi, and I’ll catch you up in a moment.”
The way Liam said it, I imagined he was suffering from a weak bladder. So I went on ahead, not turning round. There was a yell of alarm and a loud splash. I spun round in horror, expecting to see the ginger hair on the top of Liam’s head sinking deeper and deeper into the river, surrounded by bubbles. Instead, I saw Liam laughing. So it wasn’t only conjuring tricks that the boy could do.
“I threw an old brick into the water. You thought I’d fallen in,” he said.
I forced a sort of laugh as he ran to catch me up. “Yes,” I said slowly, “you did fool me.”
I didn’t have the heart to sound angry. The boy was going through a difficult period, and he was right. He certainly had fooled me, the crafty kid. I much preferred his conjuring tricks to trickery like that.
Once we were on the footbridge, Liam asked if he could take the photographs himself, using my phone. “I know how to use one, Abi.” He put his hand to his mouth almost in panic. “I don’t have a phone of my own. I definitely don’t. I hope you believe me.”
I shrugged. It was going to take some time to understand how Liam’s mind worked. I felt a strange affinity with the boy, and was determined to help him with his school project. But I was reluctant to let an eight-year-old handle my phone on the narrow bridge. I told him the camera on my phone was rather complicated to use, so I’d better do it. He looked surprised. Probably surprised that someone of my great age could handle anything that was complicated. He seemed to accept the excuse.
The river divides the town of Craidlea in two. There’s a major road bridge further downstream near the railway station. The other main road crossing is further upstream. The little footbridge probably dates back to Victorian times, and clearly escaped the bomb or bombs that had finally put paid to the disused mill.
The advent of the mill had also divided the town in two. On the other side of the river there had sprung up much poorer housing to cope with the sudden influx of workers when the mill was enlarged. That housing was replaced by a large council estate immediately after the war.
We’d been told at school that because the prevailing wind came from the west, it blew the large plumes of smoke from the mill chimney over the east side of the town, where everyone could choke and cough as much as they wanted, and not disturb those living on the west. Living on the east side of the river is still considered to be like living on the wrong side of the tracks. I live on the west side. How’s that for snobby!
Liam was jumping up and down, and I guessed it wasn’t excitement. Clearly he’d drunk a bit too much fizzy orange. There was no proper shelter, but I told him to go down to the river bank and hope no one was watching. He seemed too desperate to argue.
So again I turned away, and again there was a loud yell followed by a splash. The little darling couldn’t fool me twice.
A muffled scream followed the splash, but I still didn’t turn. “Come on, let’s go to the other side and take some photographs there.”
“Help me, Abi!”
I turned to see Liam climbing out of the river, soaking wet. “I slipped,” he wailed. “I didn’t know the ground was icy.”
Since the temperature was below freezing, he should have put two and two together. But I had more to worry about. The boy was likely to freeze to death, and then what would Melanie and Steve say?
“Did you swallow any water?”
“No.”
“Not even a tiny bit?”
“No. I didn’t go right under.”
Well, that was one less thing to worry about. “Quickly, to the car.”
“You didn’t need to worry, Abi. I know how to swim.” Then he began to sob.
With his teeth chattering I almost had to drag Liam to Melanie’s old Fiat. His clothes would soak the back seat, but that was Melanie’s problem, not mine.
The boy was shaking all over as I opened the car door. “I didn’t have time to go,” he said, bursting noisily into tears. “And now I’ve wet myself. Please don’t tell anybody.”
I turned into caring mum mode, not angry adult. “Of course I won’t tell anyone you wet yourself. Even grown-ups sometimes have accidents,” I said. “And now you’re coming home with me and having a hot shower. I’ll get out some clean clothes, and wash what you’re wearing. Anyway, they’re probably a bit smelly from the river.”
“And from my wee,” Liam said, with a shaky laugh. “Thank you, Abi.”
Maybe the event had been a good experience for bonding. The main thing was to get Liam to my house before he developed pneumonia or something equally serious.
I phoned Pete to explain that he and Hayley would have to hold the fort for another hour because we’d been down by the river and Liam had got wet and needed to change. Liam listened closely, and seemed relieved that I only mentioned that he was wet because of something that happened by the river.
He winked at me. Well, a good attempt at a wink for an eight-year-old. “Thank you, Abi. You’re my best friend now. My best old friend.”

Chapter 3

We returned to Button Up well before the lunchtime rush. To be honest, there’s not much of a rush at lunchtime on a Saturday. We’re a little away from the main shopping area, and most of our regular customers work in the surrounding offices. Anyway, with Liam now dressed in dry clothes and no longer shivering, I felt I could finally relax.
Melanie and I were taking turns on Saturday duty now I was married, and of course this Saturday it had to be me, although Danny was at work so I didn’t mind. While I was single, I’d been perfectly happy to go to Button Up just about every Saturday as usual, and have our Saturday customers for company. Now that we were both married, Melanie and I agreed that it needed a proper adult to keep an eye on things, and I counted as a proper adult. Hooray.
Bethany Studley, the eighteen-year-old runaway with fatherless baby Freddie, called in for lunch earlier than she usually did on Saturday. She seemed to have settled in well with Julie and Paul Watkins, a middle-aged couple who live in one of the small terraced houses on the other side of my road.
Her black hair had recently been shaped into a slightly curly pixie cut, which suited her old-fashioned features and gave her a cute sort of nineteen twenties look ‒ which I was sure would not meet with her authoritarian parents’ approval. I gathered that Julie Watkins had been responsible for organising it.
I wished Bethany would update her clothes while she was at it, but again I think while growing up she had never been allowed to dress in anything fashionable or bright. Not that she had seen her parents lately, and she said she had no plans to see them any time soon. Thanks to them, and more especially to her father’s dreadful Aunt Erica, life had become intolerable back home in Dalchester.
Today she looked worried. “That man with the old brown raincoat was in the play area again,” she said. “I don’t like it. I think my father may have sent him. I’m scared.”
The small play area has railings around it to keep dogs out, and is directly opposite my house. It has a couple of swings for small children, a short slide, and a low climbing frame shaped like a frog that older children would find much too babyish. For that reason, it’s quiet in the evenings, and I quite like hearing the chatter and shouts of small children in the daytime when I’m home.
“Take a photograph of him,” Liam said, “and show it to the police.”
I didn’t realise Liam had been listening. He was eating a reasonably healthy cheese and ham panini, having been forbidden another jam donut. I didn’t want Steve’s son developing diabetes and all his teeth falling out while I was responsible for the boy. What Melanie and Steve allowed when they came back was entirely up to them.
Actually, Liam’s suggestion of taking a photograph and logging it with the police sounded remarkably sensible. “How about it?” I asked Bethany.
“I’ve already taken one with my phone,” Bethany said, nodding, “and he didn’t like it. That’s why I’ve come here earlier than usual, to be safe.”
I immediately went to the shop door. The road was empty. Well, empty of anyone who answered Bethany’s description. The man had probably guessed Bethany was going for help, and scarpered.
“If you’d phoned me, Bethany, I’d have come out and had a strong word with him.”
“Sorry, Abi, I didn’t think of it. Anyway, I didn’t want to stay near him any longer. All the other mums had gone.”
I asked if I could look at the phone. The photograph was taken from some distance away, although the man’s face looked clear enough when I enlarged the image on the screen. The man was dressed in an old-fashioned brown raincoat, as Bethany had said. He looked to be in his sixties, with bushy eyebrows, and was wearing black framed glasses and a moustache.
If the situation hadn’t been potentially serious, I think I would have laughed out loud. I remembered one Christmas wearing a similar outfit consisting of fake glasses with a large nose, a moustache and bushy eyebrows. Without the false nose, this could almost be the identical kit.
“I don’t think the police will be interested.” Bethany shook her head. “If my father has sent him, the police won’t know him.”
“But if he’s a local pervert,” I said, hopefully quietly enough for Liam not to hear, “they need to know.”
“What’s a pervert?” Liam asked loudly.
“A nasty man,” Bethany said. “I hope you never talk to men you don’t know. Some of them can be very bad. Hasn’t anyone warned you about stranger danger?”
Bethany made it sound scary, which was probably just as well. The thought of a strange man in a raincoat hanging around the children’s play area, or indeed hanging around anywhere, filled me with alarm and disgust. It occurred to me that the man might not be there for the children, but because he enjoyed spying on the young mothers.
Bethany had good reason to be wary of her father. Freddie had been conceived by what could only be called rape, while suffering the effects of a spiked drink at a party she had been forbidden to go to by her ultra-strict parents. Actually, regarding the party, her parents sounded remarkably sensible. Bethany was only sixteen at the time. It’s what happened subsequently that felt so wrong, and caused Bethany to abandon her faith.
Once her pregnancy was discovered, Bethany was more or less disowned by her parents, and sent to her elderly Aunt Erica who did everything she could to persuade Bethany to give the baby up for adoption as soon as it was born. That’s the problem with considering babies an “it.” The baby was delightful little Freddie, who sat in the buggy as good as gold while we talked.
Bethany’s father, a.k.a. Mr Nigel Studley, being a self-styled godly man, had refused to involve the police, because of the shame it would have brought upon the family. His words.
We had found Bethany five months ago, hiding with baby Freddie in Alice and Rupert’s house where the builders were working. Her father had put a tracker on her phone and traced her there, leading to a great stand-off with Danny and Rupert. Brilliant me, yes it really was a brilliant plan, had put Bethany’s phone with the tracker on the next train out of town, and Bethany’s father with Aunt Erica had driven off furiously, presumably to try and catch up with not only the phone, but what they believed would be Bethany with it.
Danny, as a junior solicitor, had subsequently arranged with a college friend in Bethany’s home town to pass messages between Bethany and her father, without revealing Bethany’s new location. Not that there had been any correspondence from her father, but it would do for emergencies.
The Social Services were taking a careful interest in Bethany’s welfare, and agreed to keep her location private. They seemed to think she was coping well as a single mother, and were happy for her to stay with Julie and Paul Watkins for now. They hoped to get Bethany some permanent accommodation soon, although I got the impression that she was happy with her present arrangements. And so were Julie and Paul.
I’m not sure if Social Services knew that Bethany had been squatting in an empty house when we found her, and she had probably been wise enough not to mention it. The single, teenage mum came over as a perfect example of responsible motherhood.
“That man,” I said, “he might be from Social Services, checking to make sure you’re doing a good job.”
“You think so?” Bethany said, sounding worried. Then she shrugged. “I suppose you could be right. Well, let him take as many photographs as he wants. I’ve got nothing to hide. Freddie is always well wrapped up, and I never stay there long. I know he’s only seven months old, but he seems to enjoy watching the other children running around.”
“The man might be a pervert,” Liam said thoughtfully.
I wished I’d never mentioned the word. But perhaps it was just as well for Liam to be aware of the possibility. Certainly I had no intention of letting him play there on his own, pervert or no pervert.
“I think it’s going to snow soon,” Bethany said. “The sky has gone a funny sort of dark colour.”
“Let me see.” Liam ran to the shop doorway. “Look, it’s snowing already! Lots of it!”
 Snow in late February, just when we were thinking we’d left the winter behind! “I’m not too keen on the stuff,” I said to Bethany, pretending to shiver, “but when you’re eight years old like Liam, snow can be magic.”
At the word magic, Liam perked up. He produced a pound coin from his pocket. It had obviously survived his fall in the river and he’d transferred it from his wet jeans to his school trousers, which were the only spare pair I had. So, he clearly had a coin of his own, which made it easier for me to guess how he did his trick with the coin through the table. But it was still clever.
Liam now proceeded to offer the coin to baby Freddie who stared at it with wide open eyes. Liam then made it disappear and produced it from Freddie’s tiny ear. The trick was completely lost on Freddie, of course, but Bethany seemed impressed.
“Show me how you did that,” she said. “Please.”
Liam shook his head. “Proper conjurers never repeat tricks,” he said, sounding serious. “But if you’ve got a pack of cards I can show you another one.”
Button Up is not licensed for gambling ‒ nor would we want it to be! So unsurprisingly no one could produce a pack.
Two families hurried inside, shaking snow off their clothes in the doorway. I was worried about getting home if the snow got too heavy. Bethany had obviously walked, and I could give her a lift home with little Freddie in Melanie’s car, although the back seat was still soaking wet. But that should be better than struggling with a buggy through the snow.
We had to consider closing early. No way was I going to be trapped here. There was no danger of running out of food, providing we were careful with it, but I didn’t fancy sleeping on the stockroom floor, or perhaps on or even under the tables in the café area. And what would the health inspector say about that?
Pete poked his head out of the door and confirmed my worst suspicions, but said the snow was turning to slush where the cars’ wheels went over it.
“Sorry, folks,” I said loudly, addressing the three groups of customers at their tables, “you all need to be home. And so do we. Finish your orders by all means, but we’re preparing to lock up and get back safely.”
I didn’t hear any murmurs of rebellion. Everyone nodded, but the couple who had just arrived didn’t exactly rush to finish their drinks. Meanwhile, Pete and Hayley began to shut down and clean out the coffee machine, the grill and small oven. I could see them whispering together, obviously in some conspiracy. I immediately guessed what they had in mind.
“You need to go to your own homes,” I said. “If you’re thinking of spending the night here in Button Up, you’re going to have a big disappointment.”
Judging by the sudden flush on Hayley’s cheeks, I think that being “unavoidably” trapped together in the middle of town was exactly what they had been discussing.
Half an hour later, with the customers turned out into the snowy street, and Button Up safely buttoned up for the night, I made my way to Melanie’s car with Liam, Bethany and Freddie. I had Liam’s booster seat in the car, a legal necessity for his age and size, but was unhappy about baby Freddie.
I had a feeling it wasn’t legal to carry a baby on an adult’s lap, but perhaps in the circumstances, with Bethany safely buckled up in the wet back seat and holding little Freddie extra tightly, we would have to risk it. It was surely better than exposing baby Freddie to the elements.
The snow wasn’t deep, and the sky now looked clear. Soon it would be dark. I prayed for a safe journey, but wasn’t sure if it was okay to pray for something that might be illegal. Anyway, my prayer was answered, because I soon pulled up safely outside the Watkins’ house.
With Bethany and little Freddie dropped off, I parked in front of my own house and looked across at the children’s play area. Nobody was there. Not even Bethany’s pervert with the camera. But with the snow, it would be possible to track his footprints. Not that I was going over there, even though it had stopped snowing.
Hopefully, Bethany had seen the last of him.

Chapter 4

Alice and Rupert were already back from a day decorating their new home when I got inside with Liam, both looking paint-splattered. No sign of Danny.
“Can we build a snowman?”
That was Liam’s first question when he looked out of the kitchen window. I have a large back garden with a gate that opens onto the woodland. All sorts of creatures come into my garden. None of them dangerous, just interesting. However, I had the feeling that Liam thought there might be lions roaming around in the woods, and I was quick to put his mind at rest. Bears, yes. Well, that’s what I believed as a child, but no way was I going to worry the poor kid who was disturbed enough already.
“Straight after breakfast tomorrow,” I said. “The snow isn’t going to disappear overnight. Anyway, there isn’t much snow yet. Maybe it will snow a lot more in the night, then we can build a really enormous snowman.”
“Melanie says I have to go with you to church tomorrow,” Liam said, sounding anything but enthusiastic.
“After we build a snowman,” I said. “You’ll enjoy church.”
Liam made a noise that sounded as though he didn’t believe me one little bit.
I felt glad that Melanie wanted Liam to go with us to church, although she and Steve had opted out of a church wedding. Well, after the fiasco Alice and I had gone through with the wedding shop in town, I could see why Melanie might want to avoid anything elaborate.
I know Melanie was very short of money because of the conman she had fallen victim to. Although the credit card company had repaid what Danny and I had spent on the whole wedding, after the failure of Geraldine’s business, Melanie’s brief romance with the Italian had not ended so happily financially. The bank said she had paid him the money willingly for the investments that never took place, so they were still thinking about it. Fortunately, Danny was onto them.
Although the conman’s bank accounts were frozen, there were a lot of women wanting their money back and a lot of international courts involved. “So far no, there's nothing,” Melanie had told me several times. Naturally, I’d agreed to advance some funds from the coffee shop business to help with her wedding and honeymoon.
Melanie convinced me that she had settled on a register office wedding because no one could get married in a church in ordinary clothes. I somehow doubted that, and kept meaning to check up to see if it was so. Anyway, it was a bit late for that now. The deed was done in the local Register Office, and the vows made.
Melanie told me that she and Steve aren’t really the right sort of people who should be going to church. I was upset she could even imagine such a thing. Surely no church should see someone as the “wrong sort of person” to be going. I wouldn’t want to go to a church like that. It would be like the church run by Mr Studley, Bethany’s father, where you can only go if they think you’re good enough, and even then only by invitation. Talk about the Pharisees!
I assured Melanie that she and Steve and Liam would be welcome at the church Danny and I go to. It’s where we got married, and where she said it was okay for me to take Liam. So that’s what I was going to do on Sunday morning.
“Where’s Danny?” I asked, looking around. How could I forget my husband this quickly?
“Oh yes,” Alice said, “he didn’t want to worry you at Button Up, so he asked me to order Chinese to be delivered at seven.”
“I don’t like Chinese,” Liam said, sounding rather moody. Perhaps I should have taken him out in the dark to make a snowman.
And why wouldn’t I? I could turn on the floodlight in the back garden, but no way was Liam making snow angels. The boy had been chilled through already with his dip in the river.
Rupert decided to take all of us outside to witness a very friendly floodlit snowball fight with Liam. I noticed Rupert was carefully managing not to hit Liam very often, while standing in the way of every snowball the boy threw at him. Then I received one on the back of my neck. I turned and saw Alice laughing. The friendly snowball fight immediately turned into something much more dramatic as we three adults relived our childhood.
Then, with melting snow trickling down our necks, we built a hasty snowman, much to Liam’s delight, even though the small amount of snow meant it ended up petite.
“I like your garden, Abi,” Liam said, starting to shiver. And he clearly meant it.
“Thanks, Liam.” I clapped my hands, and realised how numb my fingers had become. “Right, everyone, let’s go in and get warm.”
“Do you have any more donuts?” Liam asked.
I shook my head. “Only at Button Up. Come with Daddy and Melanie next Saturday, and I’ll make sure I keep one specially for you.”
“Two,” Liam said, reverting to single words.
I made no comment as we hurried indoors. I’d been wearing Wellington boots, but the others had only worn trainers. I checked Liam over, and it was only his trainers and socks that were wet, apart from his coat of course. Soon we were sitting cozy and warm in my living room where Liam had found some children’s cartoons on the television.
He seemed to recognise the characters, so I guessed that he’d been allowed to watch them in the past by his mum, Sharon. I was going to leave it up to Steve and Melanie to decide and censor whatever programmes he wanted to watch in future.
Still no sign of Danny. I was under the impression he’d only gone to work to sort out an emergency that had arisen during his absence. It made me proud to feel that he was needed that much, but also worried that his only recent contact had been with Alice, for her to order the Chinese.
Just as I was about to air my anxiety, I heard a key in the front door and Danny’s cheery voice calling out that he was back. Well, I’d rather guessed that.
I gave him a hug, and he slipped an icy hand down my back. That was a rotten trick. I screamed loudly and Liam came into the hall to see what was happening. Because he didn’t see any blood, he quickly lost interest and returned to the television.
I gave Danny an update on all that had happened since our last phone call a couple of hours ago, and told him to come and sit with the rest of us, as soon as he got his coat off, and had warmed his hands up.
“We built a snowman,” Liam told Danny when he joined us. “It’s only small, because there isn’t a lot of snow yet.”
Danny had changed out of his smart business suit, and Liam managed to pull his eyes away from the television screen for a moment. “Come and see it.”
“Only from the back door,” I said, glad to see that Liam was integrating into our group so easily. It was the trip to photograph the site of the old cotton mill that seemed to have woken him up. That, and perhaps the dip in the river when he discovered that I wasn’t angry with him. I’d tried to make it an adventure, and probably succeeded. Clever me.
We got a phone call from the Chinese restaurant to say the deliveries were running a bit late because of the weather. We all agreed that it was better to wait than go hungry. Since Liam hated Chinese ‒ his words ‒ he had fish fingers, chips and beans, which I gathered was a special treat for him. He certainly enjoyed it, and again checked that there was no mistake, and there definitely wasn’t another donut.
After that, he started yawning. Although he insisted he wasn’t tired, I got him up to bed. He wasn’t going to let me tuck him in. From the way he acted, I thought perhaps he was hiding something secret in the bed. Well, it was no business of mine. Perhaps he was embarrassed about having a woman in his bedroom. I was going to say a strange woman, but I think Liam and I were now bonding in a special way over our secret down by the old cotton mill. After all, I was now his best old friend!
So I pulled the duvet up over his shoulders, and he wriggled down in the bed, leaving just his curly ginger hair showing. He looked snug as a bug in a rug, and was unlikely to suffocate. I tiptoed from the room.
While we were eating downstairs, I told Danny about the man with the camera in the play area. He didn’t exactly give a sharp intake of breath, but he did look concerned.
“I hope it’s not connected with Bethany’s interfering father,” he said. “Social Services are well aware of the situation. There’s no way they would have revealed Bethany’s location.”
“Even so,” I said, “this is the last place her father and aunt tracked her down to. We don’t know what happened to Bethany’s phone with the tracker after I put it on the train. Her father may have found it and guessed what I’d done.”
“Perhaps it’s Social Services checking up that Bethany is really looking after the baby properly,” Alice suggested.
I nodded. “I wondered that, too. I just hope it’s not some pervert taking pictures to give himself some sort of thrill at home.”
“Or waiting to snatch a child,” Rupert said, almost casually.
We all looked at him in alarm. “Don’t say that,” I said. “Please don’t even think it.”
Danny took a deep breath. “I don’t expect it’s anything like that,” he said, “but until we can find out what the man is really doing, I don’t think Bethany should be there on her own with little Freddie.”
“She’ll be all right tomorrow,” I said. “Harry is picking her up for church in the morning. They’ll spend the day together.”
I’d better explain that Harry is one of the builders who was working on Alice and Rupert’s house. He’s twenty-three, a sensible twenty-three, but I’m still concerned that he may not realise just what he’s taking on with a developing romance with an eighteen-year-old unmarried mother and a small baby. I could only hope it was genuine love, and not lust or pity.
“On his motorbike?” Rupert said in surprise. “How can he manage that?”
Harry had a huge, bright green off-road motor bike on which he came to work. “He’s able to borrow his mother’s car on Sundays to pick up Bethany and the baby,” I explained.
As I thought about it, obviously Harry’s mother believed he was sensible and responsible if she was prepared to lend the car, so perhaps I was being unduly anxious. After all, the potential mother-in-law of any boyfriend or girlfriend can strike terror into the heart. They seem to have the ability to sum up a suitor within five seconds. Come to think of it, I hope I will be blessed with the same insight if and when the time comes to have a teenager of my own.
Harry’s parents had split some time ago, and Harry was living on his own in a small apartment the other side of town.
“I like Bethany,” a voice came from the top of the stairs. “I don’t want to go to church with you. Can I go to church with Bethany and Harry?”
We looked at each other in surprise that we had an eavesdropper, and I quickly got up from the table and led Liam back into my old bedroom that he was using.
“I’ll have to see what Daddy says about it next week,” I said. “Daddy and Melanie want you to go to church with us in the morning. You’ll like it there.”
A rather reluctant and totally disbelieving boy nodded morosely, and climbed back into bed and pulled the duvet over his head, clutching a ragged teddy bear with well-chewed ears that he had probably been given as a baby. I’d been right. Liam was hiding a guilty secret in the bed, but he need not have been embarrassed. I whispered good night, but it seemed that Liam had lost the ability to speak even a single word.
I left the door ajar and crept back downstairs. I looked at the others and shrugged, and asked if anyone wanted seconds. It seemed that Alice had been rather generous with the order.
I looked around. “Where is Alice?”
Rupert laughed. “She can’t find her phone charger. Again. She’s gone up to her room to search for it. For the third time. You haven’t seen it have you?”
I shook my head. “There’s a spare one in the kitchen drawer. It’s bound to turn up.”
At that moment Alice appeared, empty-handed, and I fetched her the spare one. It’s just as well that most phones have a common charger socket.
“I’ve had a bright idea,” Danny said, when the four of us sat together again at the table. He looked at me. “Don’t seem so surprised, Abi. You’re not the only one who gets bright ideas.”
“Let’s hear it then.”
“I’m thinking about the wildlife camera you keep set up in the back garden with the infrared lights.”
“Yes?”
“And the smaller camera you set up to catch the intruder at Julie and Paul’s house when Ivy Smith lived there.”
I nodded. I thought I could see what was in Danny’s mind.
“The same little camera you used to see who was getting into Alice’s house.”
Yes, I knew what he was thinking. “Is it legal in a public space, Danny?” I asked. As a junior solicitor, he should know things like that.
“Perfectly legal on your own property. I’m not so sure about hiding it in the play area. I can’t see there will be a problem. Not as long as we delete everything except the man with the camera ‒ if he returns.” He nodded. “Yes, I say do it.”
“I take it you mean I should do it, not you, Danny.”
“Don’t worry, Abi, I’ll speak up for you in court – as long as I’m not too busy with another case.”
I grinned. Danny had turned out to be such a caring and thoughtful husband. How lucky I was!
I looked out the camera and put the battery on charge. The camera is only small, and would be easy to hide. It was supposed to be a security camera, but it had a small flashing red light to show it was working. Some security! Anyway, on the two occasions I’d used it for covert purposes, I made sure there was black tape over the red LED.
The camera can be set to be activated by movement, but will run continuously for several hours anyway on a slow frame rate on high definition. However, there was no guarantee that a person some distance away would activate it, so I would end up trawling through hours of video if no one was in the play area. I said it would need to be set up early on Sunday morning, even though Bethany would be on the other side of town with Harry.
“So if the man is hanging around there tomorrow,” I said rather obviously, “he’s not there to spy on Bethany.”
“So he’s probably a pervert, ready to snatch a child.” I thought it, but I definitely didn’t say it. How could something like that possibly happen in my lovely road?

Chapter 5

The snow didn’t return in the night. It was just below freezing the next morning and the ground was covered in a thin white coating. There were a few tyre tracks in the road outside, leaving compressed tread marks to disturb the purity of the bright, late February morning.
The little surveillance camera was still on charge, but clearly the battery was full. I felt guilty for some ridiculous reason as I slipped out of the front door with it. Of course, no one was around. I doubted very much whether anyone would visit the play area this early in the morning, so it was an ideal time to find a place to hide it. I needed somewhere where it had a good view of the main area where people stood to watch, rather than on the two benches that were only occupied by friends or couples.
Perhaps I was wasting my time, but I shared Rupert’s concern that something serious might be taking place. The camera has a small mounting foot at the bottom. I threaded a cable tie through it, and attached it upside down as high up as I could reach on a bare branch of one of the trees that grew close to the swing. I wondered if I should have painted the black body of the camera brown, but it was too late to worry about that now. Anyway, who would be examining the trees closely enough to notice it?
I switched it on and walked some distance away to see if it was noticeable. I didn’t think it was, but the snow had only fallen after everyone had gone home, and my footprints were a complete giveaway. Making sure I wasn’t observed, I walked around the whole area, leaving a confused mess of prints. That should fool anyone, even a crafty pervert. Why was I thinking such things?
I went home and kicked my boots off just inside the front door. Fortunately, Liam didn’t ask me what I’d been doing, because he was in the kitchen. I didn’t want the boy worrying unnecessarily about strangers, but worrying enough not to even think of going off with one.
The kitchen is at the back of the house, and Liam was looking with interest out of the window at the garden. “My little snowman is still there,” he said. “I thought he might fly away like the snowman in the film.” And he laughed, probably in case I thought he was serious. Or perhaps he was. At the age of eight I think I would have believed something like that was a possibility.
“I can see all our footprints from last night, but what are all those small holes in the snow?” he asked.
I stood by him. “Foxes. Those are their footprints. They must have come into the garden when we were in bed. They come through holes in the fence.”
“Why don’t you block the holes up?”
“Because I think of the foxes as my special animal friends. I leave food out for them, especially in the winter like this.”
“Aren’t they dangerous? They might be hiding in the bushes and bite your hand all the way off. Then eat it up.”
I thought he looked serious. Kids can be so gruesome. Especially boys. I shook my head. “Not dangerous at all. Just hungry. I’ve got a special camera on the back of the house that works in the dark. Come on, let’s see what exciting animals we photographed last night.”
Although the camera is in a weatherproof box on the back wall, the power supply and the solid state drive are in the kitchen. I unplugged the drive and connected it to my laptop. Liam leaned forward for a close look at the screen.
“Where are the foxes?” he demanded, sounding disappointed. “I can see my snowman. Do you think he was feeling cold in the night?”
I nodded. “Perhaps we ought to put a coat on him tonight. I’ve got an old one we can use. I’m sure he’ll appreciate it. I’m sorry we didn’t think of it earlier.”
I put the video on fast forward, as nothing much seemed to be happening. Then we saw a fox dart into the garden. When I reversed the video and ran it forward at normal speed, the fox was moving slowly and cautiously. Liam seemed fascinated. “Let’s not go to church, Abi. Let’s watch this all morning.”
So that’s where his mind was going. Was that the sole reason he suggested watching the video now, so that he could avoid church? No, surely not. I couldn’t credit an eight-year-old boy with such deviousness. Or perhaps I could.
“You stay here for now, Liam, and keep watching. I’ll bring you some cereal. Weetabix?”
The boy nodded. “With brown sugar, please. Lots of it.”
Liam clearly had a sweet tooth. Well, I wasn’t going to pander to it. A gentle sprinkling would have to suffice.
I sat with Liam while he munched his Weetabix. He had given me strict instructions not to make it all soggy. He didn’t comment on the lack of sugar, and seemed fascinated by the behaviour of a second fox that had now come into the garden.
Eventually, the time came to leave for church, which is the old chapel down the hill. It had been built for the mill workers. The mill owner, manager and foremen went with their families and domestic staff to the large Church of England in the other direction. It would never do in those days for church and chapel to mix on Sunday. How sad.
Liam was the perfect example of the reluctant churchgoer as we set out at twenty to ten. Even the thought of walking in the snow did nothing to raise his spirits ‒ until we approached the church building.
“Hey, there’s William!” he shouted, freeing his hand from mine. He wanted to hold it as soon as we set out, saying he was afraid I might fall over. I don’t think he realised he’d been holding it all the way. “And Sophie! Hey, William, Sophie, it’s me!” He ran forward ‒ and fell headfirst in the snow.
He was quickly on his feet, brushed himself down and continued towards what were clearly two friends from school. For a moment he turned back to me, and with a voice of accusation said, “You didn’t tell me William and Sophie go to this church.”
Sophie and William are twin brother and sister. I had no idea they knew Liam. If the twins went to school with Liam, the family must come here from across town. I’d assumed that the church members were local, but I shouldn’t have been surprised. It’s great when people find a place to worship where they feel at home. And get good teaching from the Bible.
The twins looked taller than little ginger headed Liam. Of course, I’ve never been stupid enough to ask if they’re identical twins (!) but it’s clear that they are brother and sister. They wear identical wire framed glasses, and seem quite old-fashioned in their looks. But they were wearing fairly low-key clothes, because just about no one at my church dresses in so-called Sunday best.
The three started laughing together, and I guessed Liam was coming to the conclusion that perhaps church wasn’t quite going to be a painful experience after all.
Pastor David Jackson and his wife Elizabeth welcomed us at the door. Liam had already gone inside with his two friends. He went forward to sit with them and their parents, while Danny and I sat near the back with Alice and Rupert. I certainly had great memories of first coming to this church. It’s where I met Danny.
Amazingly, Liam disappeared with the other children halfway through the service to their own group in the hall at the back, giving me a slightly embarrassed wave as he went. I knew he’d be in good hands. And when I thought about safety, I felt uneasy again about the man Bethany had seen taking photographs in the play area.
Perhaps Bethany had been unduly suspicious. The man might be a keen amateur photographer, taking pictures of happy children playing together. But surely he should have mentioned it to the parents and got their permission first, just in case one of them insisted on privacy.
Anyway, what did it matter? It was unlikely Bethany would see him again. And if he did return and hang around, and Bethany was away with Harry, at least she could relax about it being someone sent by her father, or from the Social Services specially to spy on her.
After the service we have coffee, tea and biscuits at the back ‒ and a cold drink for those who prefer it. Liam seemed to be perfectly at ease with his two friends, not even asking if there were any jam donuts!
“Can they come back with us to see the fox?” he asked, pointing to the twins. “And can I come here next week? Please.”
This was certainly a turn-up for the books. I could only hope Liam wasn’t planning to use one of his coin disappearing tricks with the collection money. Oh, suspicious me. Come on, that’s just a joke.
I chatted to the twins’ parents and explained that Liam was staying with me. I didn’t feel it appropriate to mention the circumstances of his disrupted family life.
“The wild foxes are in Abi’s garden,” I could hear Liam saying.
“Bears,” William replied. “There are bears in the woods. Didn’t you know?”
Liam turned to me. “There aren’t bears, are there, Abi.” It was half statement, half question. I wasn’t sure if it was asked in hope that there would be bears, or fear that there might be.
“Definitely bears,” Sophie said solemnly. “They live in the haunted house. Everyone knows that.”
Clearly not everyone knew it. I could see the twins’ parents frowning. “Whoever told you that nonsense?” their father asked.
“That’s what someone told us at school,” William said. “They live with a nasty old man in the haunted house.”
Realisation broke on Liam’s face. “Oh, I know about the nasty old man. He’s a pervert.”
There was a shocked silence as we adults looked at each other. I tried not to smile, because clearly this was a serious situation. I took the parents aside, and briefly explained that the old man had been harmless and was now dead, and introduced them to Alice and Rupert who I said were the new owners of the house.
“Liam was thinking about something that happened yesterday afternoon,” I explained. “A friend of ours was concerned that a man with a camera was watching her with her baby in the play area opposite my house. I mentioned the possibility that the man might be a pervert, without realising Liam was listening.”
I saw them glance anxiously at the twins.
“Please don’t worry,” I said. “There’s no way I’m going to let Liam play there. All in all, I’m sure there’s nothing to worry about. Now, would the twins like to come and have some lunch with us and keep Liam company? We can rustle up enough food to feed three hungry children.”
The twins’ parents seemed remarkably keen to unload their kids for the afternoon, but were concerned that they might get cold and wet if they engaged in a snowball fight.
“We can go hunting foxes in the woods,” Liam said, clearly excited at the idea of having company amongst the grownups in my house.
“A bear hunt in the woods,” Sophie said. “Definitely a bear hunt.” She thought for a moment. “And, Liam, you can go first.”
Sensible girl. There might be all sorts of nasty surprises in the woods.

Chapter 6

I had already set the timer on the oven before we left for church, so the joint of meat was nearly cooked when we got home. I decided it was sensible to have an early lunch before going on the bear hunt. So while Rupert gave Danny a hand preparing the vegetables, Alice and I showed the three children some wildlife videos I had recorded in the summer.
They seemed fascinated by two mating hedgehogs, although they believed they were just fighting. We didn’t disillusion them, and I was surprised to discover that none of them had ever seen a real hedgehog.
The grey squirrels that turned up intermittently on the video actually were fighting, and the three were enthralled by a fox pawing at a curled up hedgehog, then leaping back quickly when he touched the spikes with his nose. I say he, but there’s no sure way of telling a fox from a vixen on a wide angle video.
At night, when it’s recording with the infrared light source, the images are in black and white. The camera automatically switches to colour mode in daylight. The camera also records sound, and the weird shriek that one of the foxes made on a video I had taken a few weeks ago ‒ actually a mating call ‒ seemed to frighten Liam.
“Can we eat now?” He turned to William and Sophie. “There aren’t any jam donuts,” he explained, almost apologetically. “Abi only has them at Button Up. If you call in, she’ll give you two each. If you ask nicely.”
The three were on their best behaviour, sitting at the table while we ate our roast lunch. I’ve been led to believe that children no longer know how to sit at a table and use a knife and fork when eating a cooked meal, preferring to sit in an armchair or on the floor, eating with their fingers while watching the television or playing games on their iPads. Maybe the total collapse of civilisation isn’t imminent.
As soon as we finished, Liam insisted that we went into the garden. As we were putting on our coats, Danny was in the kitchen, making a phone call. So I stayed to listen.
After a bit of a discussion which I couldn’t get a handle on, Danny hung up and put his phone away. “That was Harry,” he explained. “He wants to bring Bethany round. I was going to phone him anyway. There’s something urgent we need to discuss.”
I frowned. “How soon? I’m about to go out with Alice and the children to explore the woods.”
Danny shook his head. “It’s a legal matter. Something confidential at the moment. You can go out with the children, Abi.”
A legal matter? Confidential? I knew Danny doesn’t like giving legal advice outside work, except to family and close friends. I supposed that Harry and Bethany now came in the category of friends, but I couldn’t think what sort of legal advice they wanted. I just hoped Harry hadn’t been caught with Bethany and baby Freddie riding on the back of his motorbike.
Anyway, if this was a confidential legal matter, I wouldn’t be needed in my role of Agony Aunt. Even so, I was torn between going out for the walk and staying back. I have a problem with being nosy, so I’ve heard. I suppose it could be a tiny bit true.
Liam was tugging at my sleeve, telling me I had to hurry up in case the bears went to bed and we couldn’t find them. I wondered whether to assure them there definitely were no bears in the woods, but it seemed a shame to spoil what was a bit of childish make-believe. As long as he knew it was make-believe, of course. I didn’t want Liam going back to Melanie and Steve, screaming in the middle of the night that Abi’s bears were attacking him.
Alice and Rupert’s house is a couple of hundred yards away, on the same side of the road as my house. Well, mine and Danny’s house now. My house was originally built for a senior mill foreman, and Alice and Rupert’s for the mill manager. Naturally, Alice’s house is larger, with a basement and steps up to the front door. But I’m happy enough with mine, and it’s the only house I’ve ever lived in. So it has good memories. 
There’s a deep pond halfway along in the woodland that separates our two houses. It’s only half the size of a tennis court, but certainly large enough and deep enough to drown in. It’s where I used to catch tadpoles in a net, and find frogs and the occasional newt when I was their age.
William was already outside the back garden gate to the woods, having slipped the bolt. He hid behind a tree and jumped out at his sister and Liam, growling and twisting his fingers into claws. From then on, things went wild.
The snow only lay in patches between the trees, but the children were slipping and sliding and really enjoying themselves. After a time we went further into the woods, and I called them back. I was afraid they might not realise the large flat area of snow was actually a pond, and fall through the ice.
“Come back a moment,” I called.
Too late, they’d already found the pond. Fortunately they hadn’t ventured onto it. Because there had been very little wind, the trees had allowed the snow to fall evenly, covering the ice on the pond with a thin white coating. It should be obvious to anyone what it was.
“I spy a skating rink and I’m going to skate,” Sophie called back to me.
“No, no!” I screamed in panic.
Sophie started to put one foot on the smooth covering of snow. “It’s all right, Abi, I know how to skate. We go to the skating rink sometimes.”
I hurried forward, stumbling over the root of the tree, but managing to keep my balance. “That’s a pond, and the ice under the snow is much too thin to walk on,” I said, rather severely. Well, severely enough to make them stare at me with what seemed like terror on their faces. Maybe I’d overreacted a bit. They were hardly going to drown, but I didn’t want their parents collecting the twins with soaking wet legs. I’d had enough of that with Liam down by the river.
“Is it deep?” Sophie asked, rather nervously. I’d probably shouted unnecessarily loudly.
“It’s very deep in the middle. The ice is only thin. It will need to stay below freezing for another few days. Even then, I’m not sure it will be safe to walk on. I was never allowed to walk on the ice when I was young.”
What you’re allowed to do, and what you actually do when you’re young, aren’t necessarily the same thing. I had once gone cautiously onto the ice, when I heard a loud cracking noise. Fortunately, I’d managed to reach safety in time.
I know I’d gone easy with them on the rumour of bears, but a little bit of wickedness in me wanted to wind them up, perhaps to get my own back for the scare Sophie had given me when I thought she was going to jump straight through the ice.
“I used to come here with friends when I was your age,” I said. That caught their attention. Perhaps they were thinking that an old woman like me could never have been their age, even though in reality I’m a very young thirty-something. I know kids have weird minds. I certainly had one. Perhaps still do.
“It’s deeper than you could ever imagine. It goes down ... and down ... and down.” I lowered my voice in stages as I spoke, to add to the tension.
“Is there a monster?” William asked.
I put my finger to my lips and nodded. “We need to be quiet. A boy at school had a long stick. He poked it into the water to see if he could touch the bottom. Suddenly, some strong teeth grabbed hold of the end. Before the boy could let go he was dragged under the water.”
I paused dramatically.
Liam was biting his bottom lip. “Did he ... was he ... was he all right?”
I shrugged. “I’ve no idea. We never saw him again. Perhaps the monster dragged him down to his lair and he’s still there as a prisoner.”
I noticed the three concerned expressions, and laughed. “Of course not. It’s just nonsense.”
“So did he get out?” Sophie asked.
“He never went in,” I said. “I made the story up. But when we were your age we really did think it was ever so deep. One boy thought it went right through to the other side of the world.”
William shook his head. “That wouldn’t be possible, Abi. It would have to go through the magma, and that would boil the water away.”
Kids today are too clever for me, especially if they take silly jokes seriously. I blame it on modern education, and protection from bloodcurdling fairytales. But I really think I scared them for a moment, but hopefully not long enough to cause bad dreams and angry parents.
When Danny and I have children of our own, and we hope we will, they’re certainly not going to be raised as snowflakes. I was brought up on scary fairytales, and it’s not done me any harm!
“Can we see the house where the old man lives?” Liam asked. “Where the pervert lives.”
I wished the word had never been mentioned. What would Sophie and William’s parents think if I took them to see a dirty old man?
“The man was called Mr Newton,” I explained in a very matter-of-fact voice, “and he lived there all on his own after his mother died.”
“Was he still a boy?” Sophie asked, looking concerned.
“No, a very old man. He was just lonely, that’s all.” And smelly, I could have added.
Liam had found some more paw prints. They might be from a dog or a fox, but he convinced himself they were bear prints. “They go to the old man’s house, I think,” he said. “Come on, let’s follow them.”
“It’s Alice and Rupert’s house now,” I started to explain, but they had run on ahead.
We came out by the fence that surrounds Alice’s back garden. It was broken, and the builder had yet to sort out the front and back gardens.
“Look,” Liam said, “there’s a little wooden house. Who lives in there?”
“The bears,” Williams said quickly.
Sophie turned to me, her eyes wide. “There aren’t really any bears in there, are there, Abi?”
The little wooden house, as Liam called it, had once started out as a summerhouse, but most of the windows had been broken and boarded up. It had been used more recently as a storage shed. There was just one window remaining, facing the old patio at the back of the house. And it certainly looked a bit scary.
Oh, how I would have loved to terrify the children, but I had their parents to worry about. “That’s a very old summerhouse. There aren’t any bears living in there. Of course not. It’s where people run to escape from the bears.”
Well, I was enjoying terrifying them just a bit. Children love scary make-believe. Don’t they?
Liam had found some larger prints. It looked as though someone out for a walk with a large dog had let it run into the garden. “Wolves,” I said, sounding serious.
William seemed to understand I was joking. “They look more like Bigfoot prints to me. What do you think, Abi?”
I pretended to study them carefully. Finally I nodded. “Yes, William, definitely Bigfoot. I’ve never seen him, but maybe one day Bigfoot will come crashing out of the bushes. I’ll get out my phone and take a picture, and everyone will be amazed.”
“I’m going to come back here to photograph Bigfoot,” Liam said, sounding serious. “Then I’ll be ever so famous.”
“Do you have a camera of your own?” Sophie asked.
“I have‒‒” Liam stopped short, and turned away, looking embarrassed.
William made another growling noise and jumped on the back of his sister, who screamed. Then for the next few minutes they were bears fighting Bigfoot. I got the impression there were some wolves involved too.
I decided to play my part, and said I was the mother grizzly bear who was very hungry and wanted to eat the first child I caught. As I chased after them, I was a child again. Again? Maybe I’ve never really become an adult. At least, not in my mental development. But who cares? I enjoy life.
The three children entered into the spirit of adventure, but they were shivering a little, probably from the cold and not from fear. That was my hope. I looked at the time on my phone. We’d been out nearly half an hour already.
It seemed that thirty minutes in the woods weren’t long enough for three young bodies. They wanted to see the front of the house the old man had lived in. Fortunately, the word pervert didn’t feature in the conversation. The house had belonged to old Isaac Newton who had lived there with his mother. His grandmother had been a Russian Countess, who fled St Petersburg just before the Revolution, with no money. Just jewels.
When Isaac Newton’s mother died, Isaac had been completely unable to cope, but he refused any outside help. The house had become a disgusting hovel, and when he died he had left a cryptic clue in his will to where his money was. The clue had been set for Alice and her three siblings to solve, the children of Isaac’s brother who had lost their parents in a boating accident while they were in their late twenties and early thirties.
Alice was the youngest, and seemed to have become more or less a slave to her three siblings who were still living in the family house. She said they took most of the money she earned as a librarian and used it for housekeeping expenses. They didn’t bother to work themselves, but came regularly to their uncle for handouts.
Alice had been the one to crack the clue in the will and thereby inherit her uncle’s wealth. The smelly old house was left for the siblings to share. The wealth, such as it was, wasn’t enormous but sufficient for Alice to buy the shares of the house from her three siblings, Richard, Michael and Esther Newton, in descending age order. Alice is the youngest.
Michael was a troublemaker, and I can’t say Esther and Richard were much better. There had been a lot of anger and jealousy, and Alice had paid them substantially more than three quarters of the official valuation price of the house, so they should have been satisfied. But of course they weren’t.
When we reached the house, I started to explain that all the tiles had been taken off the roof to repair what was underneath, and the tiles then replaced. I said there were also double glazed panels in the old sash windows, but I don’t think the actual building interested them at all. They were much more interested in mystery and horror.
I put on the spooky voice. “If you come here in the dark, you’ll see the ghost of Isaac Newton’s old mother clinging onto the bars inside one of the basement windows, screaming to be let out.”
Of course I didn’t say that. As if! Even so, it’s what we all believed as children, daring each other to go up the steps to the front door and ring the bell or bang the knocker. I’m not aware that anyone did. And we all knew about the vampire bats, zombies, and evil witches that roamed the garden at night.
I certainly didn’t mention them either.
“Is this where Bethany was hiding?” Liam asked.
The kid had obviously picked up many things, but I wasn’t going to discuss Bethany’s past. She didn’t want it getting out, in case news got back to her father and aunt and they knew where to find her – assuming the news hadn’t already reached them.
“It’s sad,” I said. Only Liam seemed to be listening. “Bethany didn’t have a home of her own, and we found her sheltering here with baby Freddie. Harry secretly let them indoors at night. We took them to my house, and then Julie and Paul Watkins invited them to live with them.”
There’s a lot more to the story, a lot more, but that would do for young ears.
“Let’s go back and get warm,” I said. I was cold, even if they weren’t.
Of course, I had a greater motive than the welfare of the children. Harry and Bethany should have arrived by now. They might be in need of some Agony Aunt advice. I had done quite well so far on that score. I told Pete and Hayley not to rush into marriage at their age. I ordered Melanie and Steve to get married. Well, not exactly ordered them, but made it pretty clear what I felt they should do.
I once gave matrimonial advice to myself. I’d been dating Danny for quite a short time, when much to my surprise he knelt on the dirty floor in the house that is now Alice and Rupert’s, and asked me to marry him. The Agony Aunt inside my head instructed me to say yes, before he could change his mind.
“Yes, let’s go back, Abi,” Sophie said, and the others nodded.
We went back past the pond. Liam had picked up a small stone in Alice’s back garden, and he tossed it onto the ice. It bounced once on the thin covering of snow and stayed on the surface.
He looked at me. “There you are, it’s safe to walk on.”
“That doesn’t prove anything,” I said. “You weigh a lot more than a stone. Believe me, it definitely isn’t safe. Remember, I live here. I know all about this pond in the winter.”
The three children started to look for much larger stones to throw, probably to prove me wrong. But they’d left it too late. There were none to be found close to the pond because they’d been all thrown into the pond by earlier generations, and I told them we had to hurry back.
I was going to say to hurry back for donuts, but that would have been teasing Liam unnecessarily. However, I did feel a bit guilty about not taking a couple home with me. They would be no good at Button Up on Monday morning. Silly of me. Thoughtless perhaps.
“We didn’t see the pervert,” Liam said, as we approached my back gate.
“Just stop thinking about that,” I said. “You didn’t really understand what was being said. There’s no one around here to worry about, but just don’t go talking to people on your own. Men or women. Just stay safe.”
I could see Harry’s mother’s car parked outside the house as we went through the back gate, and was glad we were in time to see him and Bethany. And of course in time to discover the reason for their urgent meeting with Danny. After all, I reasoned, I might be able to apply my great wisdom to a tricky situation.
Alternatively, mess things up completely with my big mouth. Oh well.

Chapter 7

We found Bethany sitting close to Harry on one of my two black leather sofas, nursing baby Freddie. Alice and Rupert were on the other sofa, leaving Danny in one of the matching armchairs. I sat on the arm by his side and felt miffed. I’d probably missed something that wasn’t confidential.
“What’s going on?” I asked.
Alice jumped to her feet. “Come on, you three,” she said to Liam and the twins who were standing uncertainly in the doorway, “this is grownups’ time. Take your friends up to your room, Liam. Show them some games on your Nintendo Switch.”
Steve had assured me that he’d checked every game on the Switch as being suitable for eight-year-olds. Liam had no access to my wi-fi code, so I could only hope for the best.
The thought of grownups’ time certainly whet my appetite, and I could hardly wait to hear three excited sets of feet make their way to the top of the stairs, and the sound of giggling cease as Liam’s bedroom door was slammed shut.
“Go on,” I said. “So, what’s up?”
I looked at Danny and he seemed serious, as though he was chairing a meeting. “Bethany and Harry came here to share some important information with me and get my advice,” he said slowly. “Now that you’re back, Abi, they want the three of you to know the full story.”
Okay, so if my maths was correct, Alice and Rupert weren’t in on the big secret.
Bethany nodded. “I showed Harry the picture of the man I took in the play area with my phone,” she explained.
“And he recognised him, I suppose,” I said. “Who is he? Someone with a record?”
Danny put his finger to his lips. “Try and listen for once, Abi.”
Duly chastened, I curbed my impatience. Well, tried to.
“Harry is ever so clever on the computer,” Bethany explained, frowning at me as though to dare me to interrupt again.
I merely raised my eyebrows and nodded, indicating that I wanted her to proceed.
“Well, Harry has this app, a bit like Photoshop, that cleans up faces to make them look beautiful.” She gave Harry a hug. “Not that anyone could be more beautiful than Harry.”
Although I’ve seen and heard slushy sentiment before, at least this seemed genuine. Harry even had the courtesy to blush, although perhaps it was modesty for the praise he had been given for his computer skills.
I raised my eyebrows and nodded again, this time to Harry. Was I ever going to hear what this meeting was about? Maybe, if I kept my mouth closed.
“When I enlarged the photograph,” Harry said, “the first thing that made me suspicious was that there’s no reflection on the lenses in the spectacles.”
I wasn’t going to say it, but this meant the man wasn’t the stereotypical pervert in the park with thick bottle bottom lenses. Shut up, Abi.
Clearly I hadn’t said anything, because Alice’s and Rupert’s eyes were still on Harry, not on me.
“Anyway, I ran the cursor around the frames, and the app automatically blends the area with the skin around the glasses. The app measures the side of the face, the ears and eyes and other features, and more or less does everything by itself, so I can’t take the credit.”
“What about the moustache?” I asked.
Danny tut-tutted, looking daggers at me for interrupting. But I think they were very loving daggers.
Harry nodded, while Bethany held him tightly round his shoulders, while still managing to keep little Freddie safe. Harry didn’t try to shake himself free, so the relationship looked promising.
“I did the same with the moustache. Of course, it isn’t perfect, but it changed the man’s appearance considerably.”
“I recognised him immediately,” Bethany said. “I don’t know why I didn’t recognise him in the play area. It’s like when you see someone in a place where you don’t usually see them. You sort of know them, but you can’t place them. But with all that disguise, I was completely fooled.”
“So why did I have to take the children upstairs?” I demanded, feeling hurt. “I thought it was something you both wanted to talk about just with Danny. Some legal problem. The man isn’t even a pervert.”
Bethany bit her bottom lip. “I think he might be. He used to be all over me when I was young, kissing and hugging me. He even let his hands stray. Ugh. Nobody stopped him. They just smiled as though he was loving and friendly. But I don’t think he was here to ogle me. I’m sure my father sent him.”
“It’s okay, Abi,” Danny said, soothingly, “there’s a legal side to this get-together, which Harry and Bethany wanted to talk about confidentially just with me, before sharing it.”
I looked from Harry to Bethany, and back to Harry. “And?”
Harry spoke first. “I wanted to know if Mr Studley has any powers to control his daughter now she’s eighteen. And I wanted to know if the situation will change when we get married.”
“Married?” That certainly caught me by surprise, although I hadn’t ruled it out for some time in the future. Harry seemed like a nice guy. He’d been thoughtful and helpful when he saw Bethany in the road outside Alice’s house pushing the baby in the buggy, and discovered she was homeless. And he’d taken more than a neighbourly interest in her since then. But marriage? I had to be careful, very careful, what I said next.
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Well, that didn’t come out exactly the way I intended.
“We love each other,” Bethany said.
“It’s good that they wanted to come this afternoon,” Danny said to me. “There’s something confidential that I needed to share with them, anyway. It’s one of the reasons I had to go to work on Saturday.”
I don’t like secrets being kept, especially between husband and wife, but I knew Danny would always do the right thing.
“And?”
“When I was at the conference, my college friend Cameron was there as well. He’s keeping an eye on Bethany’s situation back home in Dalchester. Perhaps a bit by the back door, but nevertheless it’s all for a good cause.”
It was clearly okay for solicitors to act with subterfuge, as long as it was for a good cause.
“And?”
“Bethany’s father is still determined to get control of Bethany, and get baby Freddie taken for adoption. It seems he’s prepared to go to extreme lengths.”
“And?” I had to keep saying that with increasing impatience, because the whole conversation was moving much too slowly, testing my endurance no end.
“He wants to get Bethany sectioned under the Mental Health Act. Taken into care. In that way, she may be forced to give up the baby.”
I gasped, and looked at Alice and Rupert. Clearly this was news to them as well. So it seemed I hadn’t missed anything while hunting for bears and Bigfoot in the woods.
I pointed to Bethany, who now had tears in her eyes, still holding tightly to Freddie. “Look at her,” I said. “How could anyone possibly think she’s ... well, you know ... er ... irresponsible?” I was going to say loopy, but my mouth managed to be careful for once.
“I know it sounds ridiculous,” Danny said. “Even ludicrous, but Bethany’s father has been in touch with a top mental health consultant who, quite by chance, just happens to be part of his church. He’s willing to support the case. He says he’s known Bethany for many years, and is prepared to testify that he’s been concerned for her mental state long before she became pregnant, and if she keeps the baby, he would be at severe risk of harm from his mother.”
“That,” I said firmly, “has to be the most ridiculous, even ludicrous thing that I have ever heard ‒ to use your words, Danny. As well as horribly dishonest. If it went to the family court, surely it would be dismissed immediately.”
Danny nodded. “I think you’re right, Abi, but sometimes the law can be ridiculous and ludicrous. Perhaps I should say the decisions of the court, especially when they rely on the opinion of someone who claims to be an expert. And who is going to stand up and defend Bethany?”
“I will. Harry will. You will.”
Danny shook his head. “I admire you for the work you do, running Button Up, Abi. And I’m sure Harry is a great builder, but unfortunately neither of you qualifies as mental health experts. And I’m a qualified solicitor, not a medical authority.”
“Tell me you’re joking, Danny. Bethany isn’t really at risk of being locked up and little Freddie taken from her, is she?”
From the look on Danny’s face, he clearly wasn’t joking. “I don’t think we should write off the possibility of trouble ahead. I didn’t see any urgency in the matter, until Harry asked if he could bring Bethany round for a talk about the legal side of marriage. And now that I’ve heard how Bethany has discovered that the man in the play area is from her father’s church, small and exclusive though it is, everything has become extremely urgent.”
The church certainly is small, according to Bethany. It meets in the large front room of a Victorian house and only has about twenty members. As I said before, you can only go by invitation. In the normal course of things, I’m sure Bethany wouldn’t have received an invitation as an unmarried mother, but I guess she was chained to one of the chairs to prevent escape. Probably not literally, but I’m sure escape was impossible as pious eyes guarding the doorway stared at her in condemnation.
Actually, I wouldn’t give it the credit of calling it a church. It sounds more like a cult that controls its members’ thoughts and actions. Fortunately for Bethany she managed to break free, although she was now being hunted down by her father, the cult leader.
“We came here to discuss if there would be any legal problems or restrictions in getting married,” Harry said. “But now we know that Bethany’s father is about to do something crazy, we want to get married quickly. Next Saturday would have been great.”
I turned to Danny. “Next Saturday? Is that possible?”
Danny shook his head. “I’ve explained that the law in England and Wales is that you have to give the Register Office twenty-eight days’ notice. Bethany already has her birth certificate and other proofs of identity. The Social Services needed that, and she was able to get official copies without involving her parents.”
“So why twenty-eight days?” I asked.
“That’s to give enough time for anyone to object.”
“Well,” I snapped, “it’s obvious Bethany’s father is going to object.”
“Please calm down, Abi. The objections have to be legal ones to be valid,” Danny explained with an attempt at keeping patient. “Such as the person is already married, or marrying an immediate relative. Things like that.”
“What about insanity?” Oh dear, how I wished I’d worded that more diplomatically.
“An objection from Bethany’s father along those lines could present a problem in the present circumstances,” Danny said. “However, notice will be posted locally, so it’s possible her father will never find out.”
“Unless Mr Snooper in the play area is staying here for the next few weeks,” I pointed out. “Anyway, Harry, excuse me for asking, but do you genuinely love Bethany? Are you sure you don’t want to marry her to protect her just out of pity for her situation. You know, Bethany being an unmarried mum. Not that I’m criticising what you’re doing, of course. Just asking.”
For a long time I’ve wished my mouth wouldn’t start running away by itself, but Bethany’s situation was the elephant in the room. The question had to be asked, and asked directly. What sort of chance in life did an unmarried eighteen-year-old mother, with a child conceived by rape by an unknown father, stand of finding marriage? Surely most young men would judge Bethany as coming into the category of damaged goods. Dreadful thought. But had Harry thought this through? Really thought this through?
Harry nodded. “Don’t worry, Abi. Bethany and I are taking this very seriously. We’ve been praying about it together. We certainly don’t want to rush into anything, although I gather you and Danny didn’t know each other for long before you got married.” He thought for a moment. “But I suppose when you’re older, it’s best to get on with it quickly.”
I think Harry winked at me as he said it, but why would he feel it appropriate to wink at an older woman? No, hold on, I wasn’t an older woman. I’m still a very young woman. “Harry, I’m only nine years older than you.”
Harry nodded. “Yes, that’s what I mean.” I convinced myself that he winked at me again and was only teasing. Here’s hoping.
“We want to get married in Harry’s church,” Bethany said. “Well, it’s my church now, of course. Everyone there is ever so friendly. They all know the circumstances. Harry and I have never tried to hide the past. We haven’t asked the Minister yet, but we’re sure he’ll say yes. We were planning to wait a few months, maybe even a year, but if my father has tracked me down, things have changed.” She turned to Harry. “We need to get our names down at the Register Office first thing tomorrow.”
I turned to Danny. “What do you think?”
Danny took a deep breath. “Is not up to me, Abi. I can only advise them on the legal side. But I take Harry’s point about the two of us getting married quickly.”
“And me and Rupert,” Alice chipped in.
I thought of our joint wedding, and the calamity leading up to it. Well, that was safely in the past, and not only were we both married, but Melanie, whose heart had been broken by the Italian, was now away on her honeymoon with Steve. A sort of all’s well that ends well. Another of Shakespeare’s plays, I believe. 
I could only hope everything wasn’t going to end in disaster for Bethany and Harry.
I didn’t trust Bethany’s father, or her interfering Aunt Erica. Not one little bit. They seemed determined to prevent Bethany getting her life back together. Hopefully, very hopefully, I’d not see them again. Ever.

Chapter 8

The conversation didn’t end there. The children remained quiet upstairs, and I had to trust they weren’t getting up to any mischief. Bethany wanted to know if it was all right for a single mother to get married in white.
I smiled to myself as I remembered how Pete one day at Button Up had asked me if it would be legal for Melanie to marry in white. The cheeky boy!
I realised that Bethany obviously couldn’t claim to be a virgin, not if she was carrying baby Freddie down the aisle. But surely the decision whether to wear white was up to the bride, and possibly the groom. Anyway, Bethany’s situation was not in the slightest bit her own doing. Perhaps I should reword that. Of her own choosing.
“We haven’t got much money,” Bethany said, “but Harry pays the rent on his small apartment on his own, and it won’t cost much more to have two of us living there. I’m now getting benefits as a single mum, and although that would stop if I marry, I know there are other benefits I can claim. The Council say I’m entitled to put Freddie in day-care three days a week, so I could get a part-time job.” She gave the baby an extra firm cuddle. “I can’t really bear the thought of that, Freddie, but I know other parents do it, and it seems to work out okay.”
“I think you should get married in white,” Alice said, taking the words out of my mouth. “I know it can be extremely cheap, because Abi and I had to buy ours almost overnight off the internet. You’re welcome to have my wedding dress if you like.” She turned to me. “Or Abi’s.”
I nodded. “We can help you make any adjustments.”
Alice smiled. “Don’t worry, Bethany, we’ll set you up all right. We have amazing fake coronets that only cost a couple of pounds. White kitten heel shoes, and great expertise on how to organise a wedding overnight for just a few pounds.”
“Thank you, both of you,” Bethany said, giving little Freddie a kiss. “You’re the best friends anyone could have. Until I ran away, I didn’t know there are nice people in the world.”
“Just one thing,” I said, swallowing hard. “You’ll find several families at church want to offer their girls as bridesmaids. Just make sure they turn up in proper dresses, not fancy dress.”
Yes, that really happened at my wedding, but only with one child. It had been great fun, and got a laugh from everyone in the church. But I wouldn’t wish that on anyone who could plan their wedding sensibly. When I say a laugh, I don’t include my mother in that. But however good our intentions, most of us have learnt that we can’t please our mothers all of the time.
We had only just got around to discussing DIY wedding cakes, as per Alice’s and my wedding, when we heard a noise from above, and Liam came down the stairs asking if we had any cake for William and Sophie. And presumably for himself. Apparently, he’d been whetting the appetites of the twins with tales of Button Up delicacies.
Fortunately, the doorbell rang, and William and Sophie’s parents had come to collect them. Nevertheless, with talk of weddings in the air, we explained the situation and carried on the discussion, and had even got around to suggesting where to get the invitations and service cards printed, when the twins’ father looked at his watch.
“We really need to get going, but if we can be any help in the future, let us know. However, I can assure you, Bethany and Harry, that Abi and Alice are the most perfect wedding planners you could ever find.”
I remembered the family being amongst the crowd in the church at the wedding, and at the makeshift wedding breakfast, a.k.a. the supermarket sandwich and cake reception in the church hall. It had been a brilliant success in the circumstances, but I had no intention of taking up wedding planning as an occupation. Necessity had been the mother of all inventions. I don’t think that’s anything to do with Shakespeare. Plato, I think. I guess my time at school wasn’t totally wasted.
We said goodbye to everyone, including Bethany and Harry. Harry said Bethany was going back with him for the evening, and I knew Harry would be working up the road on Monday. So I guessed things were okay for now.

<><><><>

By early evening, Liam was yawning and obviously tired out. I gave him his tea, and he made his way wearily up the stairs to bed. I slipped out to retrieve my camera from the play area and charge the battery. Judging by the fresh footprints I’d seen earlier in the snow, people had been walking around there in the daytime, so I needed to check if I’d caught anything suspicious.
Liam was really coming out of his shell. He called me upstairs to say good night. “Church was quite good,” he said thoughtfully, as he invited me to sit on the end of the bed. “I didn’t know William and Sophie went there.” He thought for a moment. “Is ninety and nine a big number?”
What was this? Had he been set maths homework? He had school in the morning. Trust a boy to think of it at the last moment.
I have to admit I’m not brilliant at maths. That’s something Mrs Bartholomew, my old maths teacher who lives in one of the terraced houses next to Paul and Julie, would confirm. At school she told the class that five out of four people have a problem with maths. I took her seriously, and wondered why everyone else was laughing.
“Ninety and nine is another way of saying ninety-nine,” I explained. “Is this to do with school?”
Liam shook his head. “The teacher at church told us that ninety and nine were safe. But one had got away and was on the mountain. I asked if there was snow on the mountain, and he said he didn’t know. Anyway, it was dangerous. He said it's a very old hymn that was first written for children. It might even be as old as you, Abi. Were there woolly mammoths living in the woods when you were a girl?” A long, thoughtful pause. “Were you ever a girl?”
I ignored those two questions, and explained that the hymn was much older than me, but I could sort of remember singing it.
“The teacher has a good singing voice,” Liam said. “But I don’t think he’s good enough to be on X Factor.”
Assuming I was right and this was an old hymn, even older than me, I said, “I’m sure there was snow. Especially if it was dangerous on the mountain. So what happened?”
Liam bit his bottom lip. “I think it was a sheep. It had run away. And then someone who was called the Saviour went out to find it. It was his sheep. Was he like Superman?”
“Better than Superman,” I said. “His name is Jesus. Have you heard of him?”
Liam looked a bit uncertain. “I think so.” Then he smiled. “Yes, I know. The teacher talked about him today.”
“Jesus is God,” I said, hoping not to confuse an eight-year-old brain. “Jesus is God who came to earth at Christmas.”
“Father Christmas?”
My attempts at explaining the Christian message seemed to be going nowhere. I certainly wasn’t about to attempt a sermon on the Trinity. “No, nothing to do with Father Christmas. God made the world and everything in it. And everything in space.”
“Wow, even the moon?”
“Everything, Liam. Even the farthest stars. And he made you, too. And he loves you. Would you like to come to church with us next Sunday and learn more?”
He nodded. “I think so. As long as William and Sophie are there.”
“Then we’ll have to ask Daddy and Melanie if we can take you.”
“I think they’ll say yes.”
I wasn’t so sure, but I could always ask. Even though they would only just be back from their honeymoon, Steve and Melanie might still want a bit of time alone. Or maybe time to bond with Liam would be sensible. Or maybe the three could come. That was certainly a bright idea.
“Goodnight, Liam. Stay in bed now.”
As I left the room, Liam whispered, “Leave the door open a bit, Abi.”
I did as instructed, and hoped we wouldn’t be woken in the early hours of the morning by a small boy convinced there were bears and wolves roaming the house.

Chapter 9

While Alice helped Danny and Rupert knock up an evening meal, I ran the day’s video from the play area on my laptop – after remembering to invert the image, of course, because the camera had been mounted upside down.
I was surprised to see how many families had come to the play area on a cold day, many of them having snowball fights, while I’d been in the woods hunting for wild beasts.
The place seemed to be quite a hive of activity, and some brave souls had even knocked the snow off the benches and were sitting down.
Everything seemed to be happy and harmless, until I realised someone had not been moving about much. It was an elderly man wearing a dark bomber jacket and dark trousers, and what looked like a Trapper hat, with long earflaps. He was standing against the railings, watching. This was bad.
Harry and Bethany had gone some time ago, and they hadn’t left us a copy of the enhanced picture of the watching man. But this didn’t seem to be the same person. I wished he’d come close to the camera, and perhaps looked up at it in curiosity. That’s how the police catch criminals who break into shops. Often they seem to be obsessed with the need to glance up at the security camera, as though it might not be switched on.
I called Alice, and she came to have a look at the screen. I froze what seemed like the clearest frame, and enlarged it on the screen. Although the camera records in full 1080p HD, the man was some distance away. Even adding a bit of sharpness didn’t seem to help.
Alice had her phone out. “Do you have Bethany’s or Harry’s phone number?”
I certainly did. Alice typed Bethany’s number in, and she answered almost immediately. “Bethany, I want you to ask Harry to email Abi an attachment with the enhanced picture of the man you saw in the play area. You know, the man you think is from your father’s church.”
“Is he back?” Bethany asked, sounding anxious.
I explained that a man who was hanging around the play area in the afternoon didn’t look like the same person. Even so, I couldn’t believe there was even one dirty old man in my road, let alone two.
Bethany said Harry would be dropping her and Freddie back at Julie and Paul Watkins’ house in about an hour, and they’d call in on the way. That was fine. We would have finished eating by then.
I asked if Harry could bring his laptop with the photo enhancing app on there, and work his magic. This man had glasses, but not the heavy black frames that had been on the earlier photograph.
I wondered whether to joke that we needed to take the Trapper hat off, but couldn’t see much point in saying that in case he believed me. I remembered the joke I had heard recently, where someone wanted a photograph of their father restored. He was wearing an old trilby, and the relative wanted the hat removed. The photographer was going to do it with Photoshop and asked what sort of hair style the man had. The relative told him that when the hat was removed, he would know!
But this was no joking matter. Assuming they were different men, the man Bethany had photographed had been identified, provisionally anyway, as a rather sleazy man from her father’s church. If this man wasn’t the same person, then it looked as though we had a local problem.
Rupert had taken a phone call earlier, and clearly had some news to share. When we sat down to eat, he was grinning like a child who had just been given some special toy. In a way he had. The special toy was not a classic E-type Jaguar, but a 1969 Citroen 2CV with an open top that he’d been renovating.
I quickly looked the car up on Google Images, just to refresh my mind. Yes it was what I expected, and it was described as a highly sought after classic. I think “toy” describes the car pretty well. I remember some people calling the model a hen house on wheels, but I felt rather jealous. Alice was lucky to be married to a garage mechanic who had the skills and enthusiasm to restore an old car like that.
I remembered a shy girl at school called Janika Bartol, turning up in a brand-new red 2CV with her mother driving. Being rather snooty, we asked her if her parents couldn’t afford a proper car. A group of girls together can be very bitchy. The memory fills me with shame. Deep shame.
Janika’s mother was English, and I’m sure she said her father was Polish. She told us her name was pronounced Yanika, so of course we insisted on pronouncing it with a J. I think the teachers did as well, but probably from ignorance, not from malice. I wondered what had become of Janika Bartol. She disappeared from school without warning when we were about fifteen. I’d definitely say sorry to her if I ever got the chance.
The 2CV sought-after? Well, if Janika’s mother still had the car, she would be having the last laugh. It would be a perfect car for Alice to travel around in. It was just so her. Cute and adorable.
“It’s coming on a trailer tomorrow,” Rupert said. “I’ve got a favour to ask, Abi. There’s no room to store it at work. Is it okay if it gets delivered here? It’s just that I’m afraid that if it’s left at the place you so rudely call Creepy Castle, it might get damaged.”
Creepy Castle. Yes, that was certainly the name I had used for the old house where Isaac Newton had lived. Not the original Isaac Newton, of course. But when I was young – younger – I had seriously wondered if he was the same man.
“I’m not calling it Creepy Castle anymore,” I said hastily. Then, changing the subject, I said, “Lucky you, Alice, having a classic car like that. It makes Danny’s little Kia runabout seem very ordinary.”
“Show Abi the photographs,” Alice said proudly. “She’s going to love it. We can have outings in it when it’s sunny. All four of us.”
It didn’t take Rupert long to find the pictures on his phone. The car I’d found on Google looked in showroom condition, with the soft top rolled back to let the sunshine in. I could see that the soft top on Rupert’s car was torn and in a rather poor state.
“It can’t go under cover,” I said, thinking of the small shed where Rupert and Alice kept their bikes. “We don’t even have a garage, although I think we ought to get one built. I’ll have a word with Brian Warmley next time I see him”
There’s plenty of hard standing in front and at the side of my house, but of course in the early 1800s cars had never been thought of. However, I did wonder where the people who had lived here originally kept their horse and carriage. Then I doubted that even a senior foreman at the cotton mill would have had such a luxury. Perhaps just a donkey in the back garden.
I’d never imagined Rupert had been restoring such an unusual car before moving here. He flicked through several detailed photographs of the Citroen 2CV. It seemed to be a cream colour with red upholstery. It would be fun to go out in it, as long as we didn’t go far, and as long as the day was sunny. And as long as it didn’t break down.
Danny started to explain the technical details of the car, including the dashboard mounted gear lever, but was interrupted by a phone call. Danny spoke for a few minutes in the hall, and then came back to the table.
“Well?” I said.
“It’s an invitation for a meal tomorrow with the Pillingers. You know, the couple who own the big house.”
Yes, I knew who Danny meant. The big house, as he called it, had been built at the same time as mine and Alice’s, but was for the mill owner. Calling it a big house was selling the place short. An enormous, upper class house would be a more accurate description. And it wasn’t near my road, but out in the country in what had once been its own estate.
“Why would the Pillingers suddenly invite us for a meal, Danny? We don’t even know them properly.”
“Piers Pillinger is a client of Branks, Davis & Waters.”
I honestly didn’t feel like dressing up to go for an evening meal with a posh couple to whom I’d only spoken once, briefly. “So why can’t they meet you at work?”
Danny smiled and tapped his nose. “It’s private.”
“Then you might as well go on your own.”
“Sorry, Abi, I said yes for both of us.”
“Perhaps I ought to stay back to look after Liam. Alice and Rupert will be outside working on the car, and we can’t leave him alone in the house.” Yes, I’m good at finding excuses on the hoof.
Danny laughed, obviously trying to lighten the mood. “Liam is invited as well. They have two children, so Liam will be in good company.”
It was no good wondering if they would be school friends of Liam. Well-to-do families like the Pillingers send their children to private schools. “Have you definitely accepted the invitation?” I asked. “You didn’t leave just a bit of wriggle room so we could back out?”
“Of course I accepted it,” Danny said. “Piers Pillinger wants me to witness his signature on an important document, but he wants to keep it completely separate from the work we do for him at the office. No, don’t look at me like that, Abi. I’m sure it’s nothing illegal or even underhand. Piers says it’s personal. And yes, his wife Charlotte knows all about it. The meal is his way of saying thank you.”
That seemed to answer all my questions, but the slight tendency I have towards nosiness was stirred by the thought of being in on something interesting. “Okay,” I agreed, trying my best to sound as though I was doing Danny a great favour, “let’s go. I just hope you’re going to tell me more about it later.”
Just as Danny was shaking his head firmly, the doorbell rang.
Although we’d finished eating, our plates and remains of the meal were still on the table. Harry and Bethany, as they came into the dining room, seemed quite oblivious to them. Probably not at all bothered.
We hastily cleared everything away, and Harry put his laptop on the table. “Okay, let’s have a look at the man in the play area.”
He pushed my memory card into the slot on the reader attached to his computer and brought up the first frame of the video. Cleverly, I’d made a note that the man first appeared four hours seventeen minutes in. Yes, I had trawled through a lot of the video before I noticed him, most of it on high speed.
Harry also ran the video on high speed, keeping an eye on the timer that showed on the bottom of the screen. At four hours twelve minutes he slowed things down. Of course, not only was I watching closely, but so were Bethany, Danny, Alice and Rupert.
Bethany was holding Freddie, who seemed to be asleep in her arms. “In a way I’m hoping it’s the man my father sent,” she said. “I don’t like to think there’s another man hanging around the play area.”
“Well, we’ll soon know,” I said. “There, freeze it, Harry. See him?”
Harry enlarged the image on the screen and flicked through the next frames, then back slightly. “I think I can work on that. Do you recognise him, Bethany?”
Bethany shook her head. “I don’t think it’s the same man. He’s sort of ... smaller ... and older. This looks like bad news.”
Bad news indeed. “Can you enhance it, Harry?” I asked.
Harry was already onto it. Within five minutes the man’s face looked clearer, and anyone could see this wasn’t the same man from Bethany’s church back home.
“Better tell the police,” Bethany said. “What do you think, Danny?”
Danny shook his head. “There’s not much the police could do, unless he’s causing a nuisance.”
“You mean we’re going to do nothing?” I asked in surprise. “The man might be a paedophile.”
“Bethany,” Danny said, “have you seen this man when you’ve been in the play area with Freddie?”
Bethany took another look at the screen. “Maybe. But he’s never spoken to me. I suppose he could be there with one of the children, and not bothering to play with them. He looks rather bored.”
I felt uneasy, but could understand Danny’s thinking. “Harry, save that frame and email it to me. I can print it off. And, Danny, for all our sakes drop the prints off at the police station tomorrow, just to make sure the man isn’t on the sex offenders register. Please.”
Danny said he would, as protecting Freddie and Liam was of high priority. “And of course protecting all the other small children who go to the play area,” he added.
Harry, who seemed to be already considering baby Freddie his responsibility, agreed absolutely. He stood up and put his arm round Bethany. “Our child will be safe, I promise,” he said.
Our child? I could tell by the way Alice glanced at me that she had caught onto the implications of that statement. Consciously or subconsciously, they clearly considered themselves a family unit .Not that Alice said anything, and nor did I. Naturally, our two husbands didn’t seem to be as alert as us two girls.
Danny nodded. “Don’t worry, I’m onto it first thing in the morning. I want you to keep away from the play area, Bethany. And you too, Abi, with Liam. Just until this is sorted.”
The warning seemed unnecessary. I had no intention of leaving Liam there, or even staying with him while he played. And one look at Bethany told me she had no intention of going near there with Freddie. Good.
Surely it had to be good, even though I knew for sure we were being unnecessarily cautious.

Chapter 10

Sunday night passed without any drama. Liam slept peacefully through the night, or if he didn’t, he suffered alone, because he certainly didn’t knock on our bedroom door. In fact, he seemed surprisingly chipper at breakfast, and keen to be dropped off for school breakfast club.
Before leaving home, everyone had become involved in a hasty cleanup downstairs. Alice and Rupert had promised Pastor David that the church would be able to use their house on weekdays for small study and fellowship groups. I think it was one of the reasons why Brian Warmley’s estimate for renovating the house had been so reasonable.
As soon as the main house was ready for occupation, Alice and Brian had plans for Brian Warmley to turn the whole basement into a self-contained apartment. I think Bethany’s name had come up briefly in conversation, but it wasn’t for me to decide on their tenant. Anyway, the basement was large enough for a family rather than a single mum and baby.
The bars would have to go from the windows for safety reasons, and I wouldn’t be sorry to see the back of them. I’m sure it was the bars that caused the scary stories we had shared with each other, and which still occasionally disturbed my thoughts.
The idea of meeting in a private home was certainly appealing for many people, but until Alice and Rupert’s house was ready, Danny and I had stepped in. Today would be the seniors’ group. They were all housetrained and it was a pleasure to throw the house open. They brought their own midmorning refreshments, and would be gone well before lunchtime, usually leaving no trace of their visit behind.
Button Up had been open for nearly an hour by the time I arrived after dropping Liam off at school for breakfast club. Pete welcomed me eagerly, because things were looking busy. He explained that Hayley had only been able to come in for an hour, and had now gone to college. Fortunately, the experience and responsibility were going to do Pete some good for whatever career he chose after he had completed his evening course.
Melanie, lovely Melanie, had sent her regular text overnight asking if all was well with Liam. I assured her it was, and suggested they might like to chat for a few minutes on the phone after school. Melanie said she’d put the idea to Steve. It was just that he hadn’t done it earlier, because he didn’t want Liam to be homesick and upset when he heard his dad’s voice.
No way was I going to mention the mystery man in the play area, and Danny had promised he would drop off the print from the video at the police station, where he was already well known. Danny, that is, not the man. Known only for good reasons. Danny had been able to help them on several cases.
When the to-go customers have gone, and before the shoppers emerge from the shops with all their buys, there’s usually a fairly quiet hour or so. I took advantage of the time to check through the orders and accounts. I didn’t want Melanie coming back and finding the paperwork in a mess. It was her responsibility, but I more or less knew how to handle it. All seemed well.
The morning passed away peacefully, and so did lunchtime, with Danny present as usual. The afternoon was quite busy, but I had to leave just before five to collect Liam from after-school club. Even though Hayley had now turned up to help, I was bringing Liam back to Button Up as soon as I’d collected him. After all, the coffee shop was my livelihood, and I felt the need to keep fully in touch with what was happening there.
What was happening with the police sounded promising. Danny said that the play area in our road would be checked a couple of times a day by a patrol car, just to keep an eye on things. And one of the officers would chat to any adults who were there and show them the photograph, to see if they had any concerns. I was glad to know that our worries were being taken seriously.
I noticed Liam kept looking at the display of pastries, and so did Hayley. She seemed to think Liam was cute, and asked him if he would like two jam donuts. Would he? Then I remembered we were going out for the evening, but said he could have just one, as he needed a good appetite when we were with the Pillinger family at seven.
I’d almost forgotten about the evening invitation. When I mentioned it to Liam, he insisted he wasn’t going anywhere. However, when I mentioned that Daddy would be phoning him when we got home, he put up less resistance, but insisted he was going to hate the two Pillinger children. I said that was perfectly all right, and left it at that.
My phone rang, and it was Danny. Button Up was rather noisy, and I had a job to hear what he was saying. I slipped into the stockroom. “Say that again.”
“The police have talked to two women who were at the play area with small children earlier this afternoon,” Danny said. “Several parents usually gather for a chat before going to collect their older children from school.”
“Just tell me, have they caught him or not?”
“He wasn’t there today. One of the mothers said she’d seen him a couple of times, but only when there were several families around. She’d simply imagined he’d come with one of the children. The other mother also thought she remembered him, but they’d been too busy chatting to really notice.”
“When the police studied the photograph, did they identify him? Does he have a record?”
Danny said as far as he knew he didn’t. It looked as though he was new to the area, but they’d keep checking the play area over the next few days.
I stayed until we locked up at six. I knew I could trust Pete, but felt it my duty to make sure we left the place clean and tidy. Most of the cleaning and tidying is done in the last fifteen minutes, when we only have a couple of people in. There’s certainly no point in staying open in the evening, because there are some proper restaurants around, serving sit-down meals with knives and forks, rather than snacks like toasties and panini.
When I got home, Danny was already back from work, standing with Rupert and Alice by the Citroen 2CV. They had the bonnet up and were admiring the engine that Rupert said he had fully rebuilt before he moved here. I think some people call the bonnet the hood, which like jam and Jell-O causes great confusion, depending on which side of the Atlantic you come from. The English hood is, of course, the cloth cover that pulls up over an open car to shelter you when it’s cold or wet. Anyway, this bonnet was the large hinged lid at the front, which opens to let you poke around at the engine.
Rupert was holding a curved metal rod which Alice said was the new linkage for the gearbox. She seemed to share Rupert’s enthusiasm for mechanical things, and was holding a bright LED inspection lamp as he connected the rod to something deep below the mass of pipes and cables surrounding the engine. Presumably the gearbox. To his and Alice’s great relief it fitted.
“You can go in with Danny if you’re getting cold,” Alice said, mistaking my lack of enthusiasm for feeling cold. It was the wrong sort of coldness.
“No, don’t go, Abi,” Rupert said. “Climb in and sit behind the wheel. That’s when you’ll fall in love with it. Guaranteed.”
“Well,” I said, brightly, “you certainly don’t see many of them on the road here. I expect there are more driving around in France.”
Rupert looked up at me, and the light from the inspection lamp made his eyes twinkle. There was no doubt he was enthusiastic about this little car. “They made nearly nine million of them. They’re as scarce as hen’s teeth now in Canada and America. They’ve become a highly sought-after classic.”
There was the “highly sought-after” wording again. So it seemed I was the odd one out. Even Liam was keen to get in and see if the horn worked. Because I was the only party pooper, I did as I was told.
The steering wheel was large, black and skinny. The gear lever was weird, the way it came out of the dashboard, and the pedals were tiny. Car design has certainly moved on in the past hundred years. No, wait, the past fifty or so years as far as this French model was concerned. Were cars ever this basic?
“Well?” Alice asked. “Don’t you just love it?”
The only thing I loved at that moment was the surprisingly comfy seat. I had a feeling I probably could fall in love with the car, but not just yet. The top was folded back, and it was in a pretty poor condition, and out here in the cold I was finding it difficult to work up much enthusiasm. I nodded. “I can’t wait to see it finished.” Well, at least I was telling the truth there.
Liam was jumping up and down, and hopefully only feeling the cold. I certainly hoped I wasn’t going to have to wash his school trousers. He only had the one pair. I looked at the time on my phone. Pete and Melanie would be phoning the boy soon, and I ushered him indoors.
I suggested he might like to go to the bathroom first, a suggestion he immediately took up. So maybe I’d had a lucky escape.
The newlyweds had arranged to phone Liam on my mobile, and while he waited for it to ring, I went back outside and reminded Rupert and Alice that we would be out with Liam at the Pillingers for the evening.
They knew the large house ‒ more of a mansion ‒ where we were going, and said they would probably have a quick snack when we were gone, and continue working on the car. Rupert’s inspection lamp had a powerful magnet to clip onto the bodywork, which would enable Alice to get her hands mucky with him – the lucky girl.
With a light-hearted warning that they should watch out for frostbite, I went back into the house.
Liam’s phone call made, in the privacy of his bedroom, he came downstairs and gave me back my phone. Then he said he wanted to go out and help Rupert.
He didn’t volunteer any information on what had been said, or what he’d said, and I didn’t want to push it. It was, after all, a private conversation. If there was anything important to share it would all come out at some stage. And if it was an important message for me, I knew Melanie would have phoned me directly.
“Don’t get all oily,” I warned. “Remember, we’re going out to the Pillingers.”
“I’m not dressing up,” Liam said, perhaps thinking that would provide him with a sufficient enough excuse to stay back.
“No one’s dressing up,” I said. “You can wear your school clothes if you like, just as long as your hands and face are free of black grease.”
Liam had the makings of a car mechanic. He came in when I called him half an hour later, full of enthusiasm about how he was able to help tighten nuts with a large spanner, and generally check that Rupert was doing everything correctly.
He had also managed to collect a fair bit of black grease on his hands, which took some scrubbing to remove. I dressed him in a clean shirt and jumper, just in case Danny had misunderstood the dress etiquette for the evening. I even wore my little black dress, in spite of it being rather tight around the hips, but as we drove up the impressive gravel drive to the impressive house, I had a horrible feeling that in spite of wearing our best clothes, we might still have come underdressed.
Mr Pillinger opened the front door, telling us to call him Piers. His wife was Charlotte, and the two children, who were peeping shyly over the banisters were Gwendolyn and Oliver. It turned out that we’d come slightly overdressed, but I felt it was better that way round.
Liam also seemed shy, but when he discovered that the children had a Nintendo Switch, and he was able to show them a few crafty moves with one of the games they were playing, they quickly became absorbed with each other’s company in what was called the downstairs playroom. I presumed that meant they had another playroom upstairs.
Piers Pillinger seemed a pleasant enough man, but what some people would call new money rather than old. Well, good luck to him. He must have worked hard to buy a house like this, and surely that’s better than inheriting something you’d never worked for. I felt myself going red. There was me, a young woman who was handed a house on a plate by her hard-working father, making some sort of snooty judgment. Shame on me.
I had never been inside the house that the owner of the cotton mill had built for himself, and was both surprised and impressed by the luxury of the place. As the owner of the mill, he was entitled to build whatever he wanted, and judging by the quality of my house and Alice’s, and even the substantial terraced row for some of the workers opposite my house, he had not been entirely selfish.
This was in contrast to what I had been led to believe were shoddy tenement buildings on the other side of the river. They had been hastily erected to cope with the influx of workers from the countryside who were seeking employment when the mill was enlarged, and had quickly ended up as slums. Maybe even started out as them.
I like to think that the ownership of the mill had changed hands by that time, and the original owner was turning in his grave at the thought of the insanitary housing that had been thrown up. Not that I’d ever seen the long-gone tenement buildings, and could only go on hearsay.
The slums had been replaced with council houses after the war in the late 1940s, many of which were now in a poor state of repair. Somewhere, the council must have records of the original tenement buildings, or perhaps the local museum had photographs. It occurred to me that Liam could put a copy in his project on the cotton mill, along with the single picture I had taken before Liam managed to end up in the river.
We were shown into a comfortable sitting room. I hadn’t expected that. Surely Charlotte Pillinger should be going frantic in the kitchen at this time, unless of course they had full-time domestic staff. More likely they had booked outside caterers. For us? Wow, in that case they must have thought Danny was someone special.
Almost casually, Piers invited us to look at some paper on the side table. It certainly looked old. There were pencil sketches of various wild beasts, but not very accurate ones. They were like pictures drawn from travellers’ descriptions long ago, not by an artist who had seen them in real life.
Piers explained that he come by them in a rather roundabout route, which he didn’t enlarge on. He told us he believed they were originals from the studio of Leonardo da Vinci. And if they weren’t by the master himself, they were certainly by one of his students.
Since we had no expertise on this sort of thing, all I could say was that they looked amazing, and Danny rather diplomatically said that he agreed. I wasn’t sure why Piers Pillinger was showing them to us, except to show off that he had them.
Piers told us how he had tried to get them authenticated, with rather mixed results. But he had not paid a fortune for them, so whether they were genuine or not, he believed they were well worth the money spent.
It turned out that Piers was a great art buff, and said that he had quite a collection of dubious art. By dubious, I gathered he meant dubious in authentication, not dubious as to where they came from. He said artwork like that was surprisingly affordable. I guess that what was affordable to him, was dreamland to us.
At that moment, a gong sounded in the hall, and everyone rose to their feet – the children quickly and the adults more sedately, but still eagerly. As we were going into the dining room, where the large banqueting table was set with what looked like expensive silverware and plates, and lit with candles in silver candlesticks, Piers Pillinger pulled Danny aside and said he wanted a few minutes with him alone. I hoped he wasn’t going to sell us any dodgy artwork.

Chapter 11

Danny stayed in the hall to chat about whatever the real reason was behind the invitation, while the rest of us, including the three children, sat at the table. I was right. The Pillingers had brought in an outside caterer to do the cooking.
While Danny and Piers chatted, the domestic staff brought in our starters, what we were told was sea bream ceviche with charred sweetcorn.
I was half afraid it was going to be shellfish. I’m not too keen on anything that lives in shells if it hasn’t got legs. Crabs and lobster are fine, but not mussels, snails or anything of that sort. This starter tasted strongly and pleasantly of lemon and chilli.
Liam asked if we were having jam donuts, and I shook my head and frowned at him. “Just wait and see what’s coming,” I said, sounding ever so gentle.
The conversation in the hallway only took ten minutes, ending with the signing of some paperwork on the side table and a handshake. Just as the two men were finally sitting down, Danny’s phone rang. He looked at the screen, nodded to himself, and looked up at Piers Pillinger.
“I’m ever so sorry for the interruption,” he said. “This looks important. It’s the police. Piers, Charlotte, do you mind if I take it in the hall?”
The Pillingers didn’t seem to mind. I thought it made Danny seem important that he was being consulted by the police in the evening. It might even be the chief constable. I hoped it was, and Danny could just let the name drop casually in conversation when he returned.
After a few minutes Danny reappeared, half laughing and half frowning. “I don’t know if it’s good news or bad news,” he said. He turned to Mr Pillinger. “I think there’s something I should share, since we all have children. Well, Abi and I are looking after a child this week.”
Danny had already explained why Liam was with us, and I wanted him to hurry on. The police had obviously passed on something useful. Perhaps vital to all of us.
“We have a friend with a small baby,” Danny explained, “and at the moment she’s living in our road with an older couple. If you ever go our way, you must have seen the small play area at the end. It’s opposite our house. Anyway, Bethany, that’s the young woman with the baby, was concerned that a man was watching her. So Abi managed to get a photograph of the man, and I took it to the police station this morning to see if he was on any ... er ... list.”
I noticed Mrs Pillinger frowning, probably hoping Danny wasn’t going to mention the sex offenders’ register. Of course he didn’t. I have a very diplomatic husband, and Branks, Davis & Waters have a very diplomatic junior solicitor working for them.
“Well, the police picked up a man who was on his own, watching the children in the play area this afternoon. It seems he put up some resistance, protesting he was totally innocent.”
We’d obviously missed the excitement, being at work. Piers Pillinger told the children to go back into the downstairs playroom and stay there until the main course was ready. He would call them when it was. The adults needed to talk. Yes, I had to agree with him. We certainly did.
As soon as the children were out of earshot, Mrs Pillinger asked, “And was he known?”
Danny shook his head. “It’s rather a long story. The girl with the baby, Bethany, isn’t married. Her father and her aunt have tried to force her to have the baby adopted, applying considerable pressure. It seems that the father managed to track Bethany down to this town, and has sent someone to spy on her, possibly with a view to snatching the baby.”
Mrs Pillinger took a sharp intake of breath. “Why, that’s absolutely terrible. Is the baby safe?”
“Safe, yes,” Danny said. “Safe for now, but the man has obviously reported back to the father, so it won’t be long before the girl’s father appears on the scene. Along with the father’s aunt. I had an unpleasant encounter with them a few months ago.”
“And was this man in the play area some sort of private detective?” Mr Pillinger asked.
I noticed a small hand coming round the door, and nodded towards it.
“You can come in now,” Mrs Pillinger called out.
She seemed to have forgotten her question about the man’s identity, and in a way I hoped Danny wasn’t going to mention that the man was from Bethany’s father’s church. It might give the wrong impression of what Christians are supposed to be like. Not that I was judging anyone in that church.
Yes I was. Shame on me, as though I was so perfect myself. It’s all about planks of wood and specks of sawdust in the eye, isn’t it? On the other hand, what about the warnings from Jesus, as well as Saint Paul, that there are wolves trying to get into the sheepfold? I’ll have to check it up.
The children returned, and we were served a very traditional roast chicken with roast potatoes and a selection of vegetables. Nothing fancy, but extremely edible. The dessert – Charlotte Pillinger called it pudding – was a choice of fresh fruit or ice cream. The children opted for the ice cream, but the rest of us had the fruit.
Coffee was being served in the large sitting room which had a range of genuine antique furniture and ornaments. Not a single item of flatpack to be seen. The children were told to go to their playroom again, and keep quiet. Fortunately, Danny didn’t tell me to go with them.
“So is the man some sort of paedophile?” Mrs Pillinger asked. “I don’t like the thought of such a man being around. Are our children even safe inside this house?”
Danny shook his head, presumably for the first question, not the second. “The police have no reason to believe there’s anything illegal in the man’s actions. They phoned Mr Studley, that’s Bethany’s father, and he confirmed that he had sent the man to try and track down where Bethany was, with a view to persuading her to return home.”
“Return home? That’s the last thing Bethany wants to do,” I said.
“You’re right, Abi,” Danny said. “And that presents us with a problem, since we’ve decided to take some responsibility for Bethany’s welfare.”
“Well,” Mrs Pillinger said, “of course we are sorry for this Bethany, but I suppose we have to be glad that the man doesn’t have a police record relating to children. It scares me to think that such a man might be spying on our children as well.”
Danny took a deep breath. “The thing is, Charlotte, the man they picked up isn’t the man Abi photographed in the play area with a hidden camera. It’s the same man that Bethany photographed. Bethany wasn’t there at the time, but he said he was waiting and hoping to have a word with her about how much her parents were missing her.”
At that moment a scream came from the playroom. I wondered what Liam had broken. The children rushed into the room, led by Gwendolyn who was sobbing. “There’s an old man outside, and he’s looking at us through the window,” she said, her face white.
I thought Liam looked more excited than frightened, but he stayed silent.
Mr Pillinger was out of his chair instantly, rushing into the playroom and nearly knocking over the children in his haste. We all followed, slightly more slowly, but urgently nevertheless.
The playroom had a large French door, and Mr Pillinger flung it open and stared out as a floodlit snow scene. When we’d arrived, the back garden was in darkness. This meant there must be an automatic security light on the back wall, and I realised it was already on before he opened the door. So it seemed as if the scare was genuine, and not the result of a make-believe story about bears and wolves Liam had been telling to scare Gwendolyn and Oliver.
There were large footprints in the thin covering of snow on the back lawn, so obviously it wasn’t imagination. And there was me wishing it had been. Probably ‒ certainly ‒ we all felt the same.
Mr Pillinger ran onto the lawn, closely followed by Danny. Mrs Pillinger asked me to stay with her and the children, to make sure they were safe. Was I sorry? Probably not, and the two men were surely enough to catch the Peeping Tom, because he would leave a trail of footprints to follow, like Hansel and Gretel in the forest with the trail of breadcrumbs.
Just as Mrs Pillinger was reassuring her two, and I was reassuring Liam, the front doorbell rang. Mrs Pillinger looked at me, and I shook my head. No way was I going to let her open the door. I even wondered whether to phone the police, having visions of Danny and Piers Pillinger being hacked to death in the garden by a psychopath with a large axe.
At that moment, Danny and Mr Pillinger stepped back into the room.
“There’s someone at the front door,” Mr Pillinger said.
Well, we knew that. The bell had been rung twice now, and the second time it had been pressed for several seconds.
Mrs Pillinger looked worried, as you do in the circumstances. “I’m not sure‒‒”
Mr Pillinger had no such qualms. “I told him to go round and we’d let him in.”
He went to the front door and opened it. Danny went with him. An elderly man in a long raincoat stood there. I chased the watching children back into the playroom, before the man could fling his coat open.
To my surprise, I heard Piers Pillinger say, “Yes, come in and get warm. You’re welcome to use the phone.”
He didn’t add, “And please leave the axe outside,” so I bravely went into the hallway to see what was happening. The three children followed me.
Half an hour later we returned to our coffee – which we had neglected in all the panic. And the man’s car, which had skidded into the ditch, was already being recovered by the breakdown services.
“I’m so sorry if I frightened anyone,” the man said when he was ready to leave, “but yours is the only house I could see from the road that had lights on.”
It turned out that “the road” was the road at the back of the house. The man, who didn’t have a phone, had come through the back gate and made straight for the illuminated window of the playroom. If I owned the house – as if I ever could – I would put a strong lock on the back gate. I realised I ought to do the same at my house. I welcomed wildlife coming into the back garden, but not men with long coats and nothing underneath.
“It’s fine,” Mrs Pillinger said. “No harm done.”
In that case, she must have a remarkably resilient family. I had the feeling it wouldn’t only be Liam waking up in a panic in the night. But at least I had Danny next to me to attempt to calm me down and tell me it was only a dream.
Then it occurred to me that we were no nearer solving the mystery of the second man who was hanging around the play area.

Chapter 12

The school run on Tuesday morning worked fine. I was really getting the hang of childcare. I made sure Liam had his water bottle freshly filled, his PE kit packed in his bag, and his reading book.
Pete had opened up on time, so he assured me, and Hayley had turned up to help him. She explained she’d come just in case Button Up got extra busy, and Pete couldn’t cope on his own with the early rush. Such a thoughtful girl.
Bethany had been instructed to stay indoors at the Watkins’ house and keep baby Freddie out of sight. Danny made it clear to Julie and Paul that things looked serious now that Bethany’s father knew where she was living. Well, maybe not exactly where she was living, but near enough. And of course the seedy spy in the play area might have followed Bethany back to the Watkins’ house.
Harry rang me and asked if he could come round to my house after work. He had some trouble, something serious to discuss with me and Danny. Harry was working on Alice and Rupert’s house, so he wouldn’t have far to come.
“With Bethany?” I asked.
That got a definite no from Harry. He wanted to discuss his and Bethany’s future without her being present. What was all that about? Was he thinking of dumping her. Cold feet? I have to admit I had mixed feelings about a quick marriage. My own experience put me in a difficult position if Harry wanted me and Danny to vote on it, even though we were both older and more settled with our careers. Plus, I didn’t already possess a baby when Danny proposed.
Harry added that he was keeping an eye on the road from time to time while working on Alice’s house, and I knew he was more than a match for Bethany’s father should he turn up.
We were not especially busy at lunchtime, and I was glad to have time to sit with Danny at his regular table in the corner, and share my reservations about Harry and Bethany.
“I understand how you’re feeling,” Danny said. “It was different with us, as Harry said, but for different reasons. You weren’t a teenager. And we were more mature. Are more mature. And of course there was no baby involved.”
Exactly what I’d been thinking, almost word for word, although I don’t think I’d used the word mature. Anyway, I smiled. “But would you have married me if I had a baby and didn’t know who the father was?”
Danny had to think for a moment. Yes, he really did. But then he’s a naturally cautious man, being a young lawyer. And when I thought about my question, I could see it did have a serious content. Would I have married Danny if he had a small child to look after?
I supposed that would depend on the circumstances. If Danny had been widowed, then the answer would have been a quick yes. If he’d had an affair and been left holding the baby – literally – then....
“Abi, of course I would have married you. Maybe I’d have taken a bit longer to adjust, and tried to understand the potential problems of such a relationship before proposing to you.”
That was it. Adjusting to the problems of the relationship. Danny had got it exactly.
“Abi, Harry wants to see us on his own, so there are two likely situations he wants advice on. First, he’s thinking of breaking off the relationship with Bethany.”
“Don’t say that, Danny. That would be so hard.”
Danny took a slow, deep breath. “Yes, hard, but better now than six months after the wedding ‒ if breaking up is what Harry wants to talk to us about. The other possibility is that he wants to make sure he has our support if he’s planning to go ahead. We need to be prepared. Let’s find out if they’ve already put their names down at the Register Office.”
“Brilliant,” I said. “Can you call there on your way back to work? I guess Harry wants advice on going ahead.” I thought for a moment. “Or perhaps he’s backing out, and wants to know if it’s possible to take their names off the list of forthcoming marriages.” There was me, being negative again.
But which option made me feel more comfortable? Romantic me wanted another wedding, following mine and Danny’s, Alice and Rupert’s, Melanie and Steve’s. And now...?
I told myself not to go off into some sort of romantic daydream. Marriage is serious. For life. Ideally. Danny and I had a few corners to chip off, and I doubted everything would be totally smooth right through to old age. But with a deep love and a shared faith surely it’s possible to ride every storm. Or was I seeing life through rose tinted glasses?
I looked at Danny as he wiped his mouth with the paper napkin and stood up. “I love you, Danny. Don’t ever think of leaving me.”
Once Danny had left to go back to work, promising to call in at the Register Office on the way, the afternoon passed quickly. Danny phoned to say he’d called at the Register Office and the names were posted for the public to see.
I was thinking about this later in the afternoon, when with a fright I looked at the large clock above the service counter. Quick, I was going to be late for Liam if I didn’t hurry. Maybe I wasn’t getting the hang of childcare after all!
I arrived at the school gates just in time to avoid finding a small boy in tears. Well done, Abi. Liam didn’t realise the panic I’d been in, but when I got him back to Button Up I gave him a jam donut to make up for what could have been a disaster. No, cancel that. I gave him two donuts, which shows just how guilty I was feeling.
He promised not to tell Melanie that I’d given him two jam donuts. I’d not even asked him to keep it a secret. It wouldn’t have been right, but I appreciated his concern that I might get into trouble. So if he wasn’t telling, neither was I.
And talking about trouble, I couldn’t stop wondering what sort of trouble Harry wanted to discuss with us. No, surely not that sort of trouble!

<><><><>

When I drove home with Liam just after six, in Melanie’s little Fiat, the first thing I saw was Alice and Rupert’s crazy little 2CV. Rupert had covered it with a large tarpaulin before he and Alice turned in last night, but the tarpaulin was now off.
By the light of the LED inspection lamp, Rupert was doing something to the air filter. Yes, I was already learning to identify the various parts of a car.
Harry was in the house, chatting away to Danny and Alice. I heard the words paint and plaster being mentioned, so I guessed I hadn’t missed anything important. Alice immediately said she was going out to help Rupert with the car, and I suggested to Liam that he might like to go up to his bedroom and play with his Nintendo Switch. That met with his full and instant agreement.
Since the boy had already exceeded his sensible daily allowance of fat and sugar with the donuts, I could see no need to rush onto having our evening meal. To be honest, my appetite for learning what Harry had to say was greater than it was for food.
 “Don’t tell us you’re getting cold feet,” I said, as we sat down in one of my comfortable flatpack sofas. No, of course I didn’t say that. I tend to think stupid things. My brain seems to be testing out how I feel deep down, but I never, almost never, put these thoughts into words. Perish the thought.
Harry was obviously tense, rubbing his hands together. Strong, builder’s hands. Perhaps he was embarrassed to be sharing something personal with us. I just wished he’d get on with it.
“What do your parents have to say about marrying Bethany, Harry?” Was that any better? Well, I’d spoken the words, so it was too late to withdraw them. I have that problem with emails and texts. Once I press Send, that’s it. It’s the same when leaving messages on an answerphone. I don’t always think them out carefully enough first.
Harry shrugged. “They’re both a bit iffy about it. You know that they’ve split up. They both think I’m crazy, to be honest.”
“Like my parents, then ‒ about me.”
Harry continued, without hearing my unspoken interruption. “And then the next day my mother or my father thinks it’s a great idea. I know they’ve got a soft spot for Bethany, even though I don’t get on particularly well with either of them. I try to love them and put them first ‒ where possible.”
“That’s parents for you,” I said, but I made sure I smiled as I said it. After all, the Bible tells us we have to honour our parents. I guess that’s hard for some people ‒ people like Harry with separated parents. People like Bethany.
Poor girl.
“I totally love her,” Harry said. “That’s what makes it so hard. I haven’t got much of a job. Maybe one day I’ll have my own building business and earn good money, but even that can be risky.” He shook his head sadly. “Bethany deserves something better.”
Certainly Bethany wasn’t to blame in any way for what happened, even though she’d disobeyed her parents and gone to a party that they obviously knew was dodgy. Perhaps if she’d been allowed to be a bit more streetwise she would have spotted the spiked drink that led to the rape, or at least been suspicious of the man offering her the drink.
“On the other hand, if we get married, I know I can keep Bethany safe. I’ve thought of asking her to come and move in with me. Don’t think I haven’t. But we both believe that would be wrong before marriage. And we’ve not even ... you know.”
Okay, it wasn’t the sort of trouble I’d wondered about. Harry’s coyness reminded me of Pete’s reticence to use the word sex. And why would Harry have needed to spell it out anyway? Danny and I knew exactly what he meant, without the need for elaboration. Maybe young people believe they are sparing older people’s imagined sensitivities.
Harry shrugged. “I think Bethany’s parents believe there’s something wrong with that sort of thing, even within marriage.” He laughed a slightly embarrassed laugh. “I guess her parents summoned up the courage to try it once, in order to have Bethany.”
Danny and I both joined in the laughter, and felt the tension break.
Harry could see we weren’t offended. “And Bethany’s aunt. If she hadn’t seen Bethany pregnant, she would still believe that babies are found in the cabbage patch. And if they aren’t, they ought to be, for decency’s sake!”
We couldn’t stop laughing at the way Harry spoke. He had a dry sense of humour that I appreciated.
“At least she’s safe for the time being,” he said. “Paul Watkins is in all day. He has a bad back from a war wound I think he got with the military in Iraq or somewhere. It’s Julie who goes out shopping. Bethany and Freddie are safe ‒ as long as they don’t open the front door. They spend most of their time in the back room where Freddie is just starting to crawl around.”
I could see love in Harry’s eyes as he spoke. “Don’t forget there’s access to the back of the house,” I said.
Harry nodded. “Well, I don’t expect them to hide upstairs all day long. And don’t forget I’m working just up the road. Bethany is going to phone me the moment she thinks there’s any danger.” He shook his head. “What a mess.”
“Harry, have you really prayed for guidance about marriage?” Danny asked.
Harry looked surprised. “Of course we have.”
“Prayed about it together with an open mind, I mean. Not making your own plans, and then asking God to bless them.”
Harry nodded. “And that’s another thing,” he said. “I’ll never forget the first time we took Bethany to my church. I don’t know what sort of Bible teaching she’d had back home, but she really believed that she had to do some sort of penance for having the baby before she was good enough for God to forgive her. Do you remember?”
I remembered very well. Bethany’s father and aunt were trying to force her to put baby Freddie up for adoption to cleanse herself of her sins ‒ to use their words. 
Harry nodded. “We were singing that old hymn, ‘Just as I am.’” He smiled at the memory. “Then, for the first time in her life Bethany knew she could give herself to Jesus, just as she was. And I was the one she asked to help her pray. So we’ve got that bond. But is it enough for a secure marriage?”
It sounded enough for me, but at that moment Harry’s phone rang. It was Bethany. Her father was hammering on Julie and Paul Watkins’ front door, demanding to be let in.

Chapter 13

Harry was on his feet in an instant, hurling himself out through the front door. “Do you want us to phone the police?” I called after him. I think he said something about being able to handle it himself. I could easily imagine that would be possible.
Danny went next. I followed. We ran past a puzzled Alice and Rupert who had been examining something on the little Citroen’s engine.
“Alice, go in and make sure Liam stays put,” I shouted. “There’s a problem at the Watkins’ house. Bethany’s father has turned up.”
Alice immediately ran indoors. Rupert ran with us.
There was no sign of Harry at the front of Julie’s house, and I guessed he’d gone round to the back, especially as the sound of angry voices was giving us a big clue.
Between every other house in the terrace there’s a narrow passageway, with a bedroom extending over it, to allow shared access to the rear. Not exactly high security, but the houses were built when everyone could trust each other and leave their front doors unlocked.
Several householders have installed locked gates to protect toys and bikes that are stored in the passageways. But not Paul and Julie. Hence the extremely loud and angry voices coming from the back of the Watkins’ house.
The trainers I was already wearing enabled me to keep up with Danny and Rupert, but of course, being a protective husband, Danny looked at me and shouted something that included the word “back.” 
In all the panic, I thought he was probably telling me to go round the back. Anyway, what harm could I come to with three strong men to protect me from one angry father? It was more likely that the father would require protection from three angry men. If I had my way, he wasn’t going to get it.
For a moment I forgot that there was yet another man to provide protection. Paul Watkins had been in the army, and although he’d been pensioned out with his spine injury, he certainly knew how to shout orders.
Bethany’s father had clearly met his match with Paul. The five men – that included a man I’d not yet seen in the flesh, but who must be Bethany’s father – jostled together in the small back yard. There was no sign of Bethany, but I felt my place should be with her. Then I saw her peeping from the top bedroom window. No one down below noticed as I signalled to her to go to the front, acting out an obvious mime that she was to open the door.
I hurried round and tapped the front door gently. Bethany opened it cautiously and I stepped inside, and quickly closed it behind me, making sure it latched.
Julie sat at the bottom of the stairs looking worried. “I’ve already phoned the police,” she said. “I just hope no one gets hurt.”
“Apart from Bethany’s father.” But I didn’t say it. I wanted to go into the small dining room at the back of the house to observe what was going on, but felt that would be unwise. I suggested we all went upstairs and kept well away from any windows. I was confident that the skirmish would soon be over, probably before the police arrived.
Things were quieting down when I heard a car stop outside. I risked going to the front window of the room that had once been Ivy Smith’s spare bedroom. A police car was outside. So were more than a dozen neighbours. I felt it was safe to go downstairs.
The Watkins had turned Ivy’s small back downstairs room into quite a cosy dining room, and smartened up the kitchen and utility room that had long ago been built onto the back as the single storey extension.
Someone, presumably Paul, had fitted an outside security light that turned on when it detected movement. Since there was still plenty of movement in the back yard, it was staying on permanently. Danny must have heard the police arrive, and he disappeared, returning almost immediately with two officers.
I decided it was safe to put in a personal appearance, but of course not say a single word. I would leave that to Danny, as the solicitor.
As soon as I let myself out of the back door I pointed to the stranger, who was obviously Bethany’s father. “You need to arrest him,” I said to the first police officer, a very young man about my age, forgetting my promise to myself to not say a word.
Danny told me to go back inside and look after Bethany, so I reluctantly obeyed. I’m a perfect example of the obedient wife. But certainly not a henpecked one.
Fifteen minutes later everyone dispersed, including the rubbernecking residents in the road. The police had taken Bethany’s father and Danny back to the station to get a statement, or statements. Danny had assured me he wasn’t in any sort of trouble, but was going there to make a statement as a credible witness.
Rupert said he was going back to give his car some more TLC, and I told him to ask Alice to stay indoors with Liam. I’d decided to remain at the Watkins’ house and help calm Bethany. She could surely do with a bit of extra female support, otherwise she would have been outnumbered by two men and one woman. Lovely though Julie Watkins is, I wanted to add additional comfort from someone much younger, someone nearer Bethany’s age. Well, a lot nearer her age than Julie Watkins was.
Bethany was shaking, and also in tears that Harry seemed unable to quench. Good word, quench. Good word, but a distressing situation to witness. I put my arm around Bethany, but she shook her head and very gently pushed me away. Then she fell on Harry’s shoulder.
“Help me, Harry darling. I love my father, but I love you much more. I want you to protect me for ever. Please don’t ever leave me. Not ever, ever, ever.”
Well, that seemed pretty decisive. And it was only an hour ago that I’d been wondering if their love was all they believed it was. It had been in the fire of testing, and emerged unscathed. Well, I think there’s a saying something along those lines. Probably not by Shakespeare. It might even be Biblical.
Julie suggested that Harry stayed the night, if he was happy to sleep on the sofa downstairs. That sounded an excellent arrangement to me. Bethany’s father might be released by the police after making a statement. So if Bethany’s father decided to break in, the first person he would encounter was Harry, the fit young builder with the strong hands. Harry, the knight in shining armour protecting the fair maiden from the dragon ‒ or was that Aunt Erica?
Danny phoned me from the police station to say it was safe for me to go home. Bethany’s father had been issued a strong warning to stay clear of Bethany at all times. The father was last seen driving off in the direction of his hometown of Dalchester. But who was to say he hadn’t turned round and was now on his way back?
I said goodbye to Bethany, Harry and the Watkins, and made my way home. I can’t say I felt fully at ease, because it seemed that Bethany’s father had only been given advice from the police, and not a legal instruction from the court. Well, not yet, but if Danny had his way he would soon be getting one.
Alice met me as I came in through the front door. She’d checked up on Liam earlier, and found him fully immersed in his Nintendo Switch, totally unaware of all the excitement up the road. She had gone up again recently to turn his light out, and was rather concerned.
“I think you’d better pop up and see him, Abi. He seems tearful about something, but he won’t tell me what.”
So I popped upstairs, and as I opened the door Liam pulled the duvet over his head. “Go away, Abi.”
Okay, so something definitely had happened. “Tell me what it is,” I said, in the most soothing voice I could muster. “Whatever it is, you’re not going to be in trouble.”
Why had I promised that? He might have done something terrible. I looked at the walls, and there was no spray painted graffiti. Good, that was something I didn’t need to worry about.
“I didn’t mean to break it,” a muffled voice said from under the duvet.
“Accidents happen, Liam,” I said, perhaps sounding a little less soothing. “But I need to know what it is.”
Then came the confession. On the windowsill, behind the closed curtains, lay a broken pottery figure of Bambi. It was my most precious childhood ornament that I’d left there, in my old bedroom. I picked it up, leaving two thin back legs behind.
“It’s all right, Liam. We’ll be able to mend him. I have some superglue. You can watch me mend him after school tomorrow.” I bent down to give Liam a kiss of reassurance, but he kept the duvet pulled over his head.
“Please don’t worry about it, Liam. It’s just an old thing I somehow kept. As I said, accidents happen. Good night. Oh, and by the way, I put my old coat on the snowman. And he said thank you.”
I left the door slightly open, in the way I knew Liam liked it. But I was halfway down the stairs when I heard it shut. I hoped he would be over it by the morning, although I did wonder what the fascination had been with Bambi.
I knew Bambi was a boy, in spite of the name. I used to think he was a girl, and only learnt he was a boy from someone at school. Yes, Bambi is a girl’s name, but my Disney Bambi allegedly got his name from an abbreviated form of Bambino, an Italian word for a young boy. Just thought I’d mention it.
I have to admit that the incident at Julie and Paul’s house had left me upset. Rupert and Alice went up to bed at about ten, but I made Danny stay downstairs while I talked and talked about Bethany and Harry. I explained how Bethany had thrown herself on Harry for protection, saying how much she loved him, and Harry had responded in kind.
Danny, the practical one, said again that it wasn’t for us to tell them whether to get married or not. Yes, they’d come round together for some advice, and Harry had come on his own this evening, but Danny felt all we could do was make them aware that it was possible they wanted to be married for the wrong reasons ‒ Bethany for protection, and Harry out of pity. He didn’t mention lust.
I felt Danny was sitting on the fence unreasonably, and I gave him a piece of my mind. He calmed me down with a big hug, and told me that we had to consider all possibilities.
“Do you really think Harry feels he needs to marry Bethany because he’s sorry for her?” I demanded, trying to push Danny away.
He held me tighter. “No, Abi, I don’t. I think they are genuinely in love. They share a strong Christian bond, but if they marry I’m sure Harry is in for a difficult ride at times. Bethany is going to need a lot of loving care to deal with rejection by her parents and an unplanned pregnancy.”
“And that’s why she needs Harry,” I retorted.
With that, we went to bed, but I still couldn’t sleep. I made sure Danny didn’t either. However, we didn’t entirely waste our time in bed together.

Chapter 14

I woke with a jump. The digital clock said it was nearly half past seven. Well, maybe a few more minutes wouldn’t hurt. I had decided last night not to take Liam to the school breakfast club, because of the upset with my broken Bambi. I had already developed a good technique for getting the boy ready for school and delivered quickly. Pete could surely manage on his own for a bit longer than usual without me.
I pulled the duvet closer round my shoulders, suddenly aware that the room felt chilly. I gave Danny a poke. “I think the central heating has failed.”
Danny yawned and sat up slowly, rubbing his eyes. Even when he’s half asleep in the morning, he still looks gorgeous.
“I think you’re right, Abi. Let’s hope we can find someone to fix it today. I’ll see if Brian or one of his team can help. Someone should be starting work at Alice’s house soon.”
Well, I couldn’t stay in bed any longer, with Liam to sort out, as well as trying to reignite the boiler. I threw on my clothes. On the way to the bathroom I looked down the stairs and could see that the back door was open.
I hurried back to the bedroom, and found Danny already getting dressed. “The back door,” I said in panic. “Someone must have broken in.”
“You’d better check on Liam.”
Danny didn’t need to say why. Was that man in the play area really able to break into houses and kidnap a child?
I almost laughed to myself at my stupidity in thinking such a thing. I opened Liam’s door. The bed was empty. His clothes had gone.
Was he hungry? Getting himself some breakfast? I raced downstairs and closed the back door. The boy wasn’t in the kitchen. I checked the dining room and the sitting room, and the downstairs cloakroom.
No sign of him.
“Danny,” I shouted up the stairs, “you’d better come down. Straight away. Liam is missing.”
Danny is always much calmer than me, but he hurried down, fiddling with his shirt buttons. Who needs a buttoned up shirt at a time like this? “Are you sure?”
Was I sure? I’d checked every room downstairs.
“He might be upstairs in the bathroom?” Danny suggested.
I pointed to the back door. “His clothes have gone, and he’s gone,” I said. “Let’s hope he’s not arranged to meet that man.” Even as I said it, I felt the blood draining from my face.
“Check the back garden,” Danny said. “He might be playing with the snowman. You told him you’d put your coat on him. I don’t think children have a great sense of time. He might have woken up early and gone out to play.”
That was true, in my personal experience. I went to the kitchen window. The snowman was there, still wearing my coat. Liam wasn’t there.
By this time, Rupert and Alice had emerged from their bedroom. I ran back into Liam’s room, just in case he was hiding under the bed or in the wardrobe. Perhaps he didn’t want to go to school. Then I caught sight of Bambi still lying on his side, his two broken legs next to him.
I felt sick. “I think Liam has run away because he broke my Bambi ornament. I didn’t tell him off about it. Honestly I didn’t.”
Although Danny didn’t mention it, the other possibility of course was abduction, which is probably what he was thinking when he said, “I’ll check the play area. You know, look for a man’s footprints covering a child’s.”
I really, really tried to keep calm, even though I could see big footprints in my imagination.
“Rupert,” Danny said, sounding surprisingly composed, “get dressed quickly and check down the road towards town. Alice, you stay here in case Liam comes back. For all we know he’s been sleepwalking. He’s bound to be frightened if he wakes up outside somewhere.”
“I’m going to check the woods,” I said. “If Liam wants to hide, that’s the obvious place he’d think of.”
Danny nodded. “Good idea. Do you want anyone to go with you?”
I shook my head. “We need to cover as much ground as possible, not go hunting in pairs. Make sure you’ve all got your phones.”
Alice watched anxiously as we went our separate ways. I hurried out of the back door and noticed what looked like new small footprints by the garden gate that led to the woodland. When I say new, I mean footprints on top of old footprints. Fortunately, they were a child’s footprints, not adults’. Well, surely that had to be good news.
The bolt was open. I’d checked it was secure when I put the coat on the snowman. Hadn’t I? I was about to call to the others to follow me, but realised I could be wrong. Liam might have made the prints yesterday. It hadn’t snowed overnight. Then it occurred to me:
Liam had made his way to the pond!
I could only hope he hadn’t gone there to try to skate. He hadn’t been entirely convinced when I explained the ice was too thin, because his stone hadn’t broken through it. A young mind might think the ice was now thicker – and safer.
All I could do was make straight for the pond. There’s quite a bit of undergrowth between the trees, even in the winter. Ivy and brambles and stuff make it difficult to see very far. I caught sight of the pond, and was relieved to see no small boy standing by it.
Then I stopped and screamed out loud. There was a large, jagged hole in the middle of the ice. Large enough for an eight-year-old boy to fall through.
I had to force myself to go closer.
And that’s when I saw the ginger hair. Liam had got near the middle of the pond before the ice gave way. He was partly trapped under the edge of the broken ice. This was the boy who had boasted he could swim. He must have tried to get out, but the cold and the ice had made it impossible.
I grabbed my phone from my coat pocket. Who should I ring first? Danny? The Emergency Services?
I remembered reading that someone can survive under the water for not much more than twenty minutes if the temperature is well below freezing, but it seemed unlikely here. Surely the water wouldn’t be cold enough. Anyway, I had to try to reach little Liam, and phone the Emergency Services at the same time.
I dialled 999 as I stepped onto the ice. It gave way immediately. The water quickly came up almost to my waist. Even though the cold water took my breath away, I waded forward. The mud under my feet felt unpleasantly squidgy, and certainly not frozen.
The Emergency Services answered quickly, and with chattering teeth I explained the problem and my location. I was doing my best to speak calmly, and the female operator was doing her best to help me as I pushed forward against the ice.
“The Ambulance and Police are on their way. Now please stay back from the pond and don’t put yourself in any danger.”
I nodded in answer, still staring at the ginger hair beneath the broken ice in the middle of the pond. Then I was sick. I’d heard of it happening, but never thought I would ever end up being this vulnerable. Vulnerable? Steve’s son was lying under the ice. Probably dead.
I threw my phone into the undergrowth, even though I could hear the operator still speaking.
The ice broke easily as I pushed forward, and the water was getting deeper and deeper. A few more feet and I was able to reach out and grab hold of the ginger hair that was now moving gently in the disturbed water. I felt the lips, then eyes as I began to drag the body back to the edge. Why so many teeth?
I felt numb with cold as I reached the edge of the pond. I stared at the ginger hair. I had put my life in danger to rescue a fox. A horribly dead fox.
I was sick again. Perhaps Liam had been abducted.

Chapter 15

I left the fox where it was and realised just how cold I felt. I started searching for my phone where I’d thrown it into the undergrowth, to cancel the Emergency Services. Just as I spotted it, the screen still glowing, I heard sirens. I was too late.
I looked at the body of the fox lying half submerged in the water at the edge of the pond, feeling embarrassed.
I heard voices, and saw people crashing through the undergrowth ‒ police and medics. 
I pointed to the fox. “Sorry, false alarm.”
Danny had been checking the play area. He obviously realised something important was happening in the woods, and he followed close behind. It was only when he draped his coat round my shoulders that I started to break down, a mix of tears and almost hysterical laughter.
“I thought it was Liam,” I sobbed. “It was just that stupid fox.”
I don’t think the police and the ambulance medics were annoyed. I remembered a similar false alarm at Ivy’s house when I thought I’d discovered an intruder in the roof space. The police had been kind to me then, although I had detected a couple of smiles.
“It’s okay,” the older of the two police officers said. “We’ll be on our way.” And this policeman definitely wasn’t smiling.
“Not so fast,” I said in between shivers. “There’s an eight-year-old boy gone missing sometime during the night. We were out looking for him. He’s got ginger hair.” I pointed to the fox. “And that was under the ice, so....”
Danny had to take over at that point, as I broke down completely. Just as he was explaining about Liam, we heard angry shouting coming from the direction of Alice and Rupert’s house.
The two police officers seemed to take note, but didn’t actually seem prepared to take action. I guessed it was an argument amongst the builders who would probably be on site by now. I knew Harry was always the first to arrive, and he had a key to open the house and start work.
The shouting got louder. Then there was a yell. Then silence.
Danny nodded towards the house. “Don’t you think we ought to investigate?”
The officers looked at each other and shrugged. “Well,” one said, “since we’re here, we might as well.” He turned to the ambulance medics. “It sounded like a fight. Come with us, just in case you’re needed.”
Danny set out with the police and ambulance team, telling me to go back and change into dry things. But my concern was for Liam. He might be in Alice’s garden kicking his abductor who had been doing the yelling. I decided that the police officer’s instruction to the medics, “Come with us,” also applied to me.
Danny didn’t notice I was following, which was just as well. He’d have ordered me straight back, probably taking me by the arm and leading me all the way up to the bathroom and turning on the hot shower.
Harry was kneeling by the body of a man lying against the large stones that surrounded the old patio. He had blood on his hands. The blood had obviously come from a serious injury on the man’s head.
“It’s Mr Studley,” Danny said aloud. Then he noticed me. “Abi, what are you still doing here? You need to get back and get warm.”
No I didn’t. I needed to see what had happened to Bethany’s father. The death of a fox was one thing. The death of Bethany’s father, however horrible the man was, was more than I could take.
I was sick again, but not nearly as much as before. I think I’d emptied most of my stomach contents at the pond.
The medics from the ambulance were examining Bethany’s father. One of them, a woman, looked up at the police. “He’s alive ... but he’s not responding. I’m going to clear his airways.” She turned to her colleague. “We need oxygen. And the stretcher.”
Harry jumped to his feet and turned to the officers. “It wasn’t me,” he said quickly.
Oh great. From the few detective stories I’ve read, the guilty party is always the first person to deny involvement.
“You’ve got some questions to answer, sir,” the older of the two officers said.
Danny stepped forward, apparently forgetting that I was standing there freezing to death. It looked as though the medics would soon have two cases to worry about, but I needed to know what was happening. Blood from the head wound was forming a bright red pool on the snowy ground. Had Harry really attacked Bethany’s father so badly that he’d almost killed him? Or actually managed it?
“Move away, please,” the younger officer said to us.
 “Danny, tell them you’re a solicitor,” I said. “Don’t let Harry say anything that will incriminate him.”
The younger officer pointed to Bethany’s father, then to the blood on Harry’s hands. I got the message. The evidence was incriminating enough, without Harry actually saying anything.
The medic who was kneeling by Bethany’s father looked up as her colleague appeared with the oxygen and a stretcher. “The patient still isn’t responding. Phone ahead for immediate assistance when we arrive at the hospital. This is urgent.”
Danny put his arm around me, and I shivered even more as my wet clothes were pressed closer to my skin. “I’m staying,” he said. “Harry is going to need me. Can you make your own way back? I’m worried about you, Abi.”
I felt a tug on the back of my jacket, and a small voice said, “I’ll take Abi back.”
I turned and there was Liam, shivering almost as much as me. But at least he was dry. Not only was he dry, but he was wearing his thick anorak, scarf, and navy blue woollen gloves. Whatever he was up to, he had certainly got dressed for the occasion.
“Where have you just come from?” I asked.
Liam pointed to the old wreck of a summerhouse. “I was in there. I’m ever so, ever so sorry about Bambi, Abi.”
The older of the two police officers crouched down in front of Liam. “Did you see what happened here, son?”
Liam shook his head.
“You must have heard the shouting,” the officer said. “You might be able to help us. Are you sure you didn’t see anything?”
Liam shook his head again, and I thought he seemed more than a bit guilty. But what could he be guilty of? The altercation would have been between Harry and Bethany’s father.
At that moment Brian Warmley, the builder, came round from the front of the house. He must have only just arrived. He stared in amazement. “What’s going on here?”
I, the ever-helpful one, was about to explain, when Danny turned to me. “Go home, Abi. Now! Leave it to us. And hurry, before you freeze to death.”
Liam turned to Danny. “I’m taking her,” he said, pulling me towards the front of Alice and Rupert’s house, and into the road. That was certainly the quicker way back to mine, rather than going back through the woods.
The last words I heard came from one of the police officers. “You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence.”
I assumed he was talking to Harry.

Chapter 16

“What do you mean, Harry’s been arrested?”
I know that was a silly question to ask. Danny phoned me at Button Up just after nine. After all, I’d heard the words with my own ears an hour or so ago. But it needed saying. 
“The police are detaining Harry for questioning. He’s cheerful enough, and of course denies being involved in whatever happened.”
“So I should think. I can’t imagine Harry attacking Bethany’s father, however protective he feels towards Bethany. So why are they still keeping him?”
“It’s not that simple, Abi. You have to admit from the police point of view we all heard a heated argument, and two minutes later there’s a man lying on the ground, and Harry crouching next to him with blood on his hands. Try and view it as an outsider, Abi.”
Okay, my lovely husband had a point, but then the police didn’t know what a nice guy Harry was.
“How is Mr Studley?”
There was a pause. Then Danny said, “All I know is that he’s on life support in the hospital. So it looks serious. Where are you now, Abi?”
“At Button Up. I had a quick shower, and got Liam to school a bit late. I explained there’d been an incident locally, and we’d been delayed. They didn’t ask any questions, but I’m sure Liam is currently regaling his class with tales of blood and gore.”
“Did Liam say why he was hiding in the old summerhouse?”
“He said he was running away in case I told Steve and Melanie that he’d broken Bambi. There has to be more to it than that, surely. Maybe he’ll tell me when I pick him up after school. He looked a bit shaken. I promised him two jam donuts at Button Up. Perhaps the sugar will loosen his tongue and he’ll explain what was going on.”
“Well, you know Liam better than I do, Abi. I agree he clammed up when the officer asked him if he’d witnessed the attack.” There was a long pause. “Probably frightened by the whole shebang,” Danny added.
“Maybe.” Perhaps I should have said, “Probably not.” And he was right. I knew Liam better than he did. That boy had seen or done something significant, and he was afraid of being found out.
“What did Brian say about it all?” I asked.
Brian Warmley, who owns the building company and goes to our church, is a great guy, but I’m sure he would be concerned at the thought of employing a violent yob. Can anyone be called a yob if they’re twenty-three? Maybe hooligan would be a better description. But was Harry really a violent hooligan? Or was he a nice guy who had cracked under severe provocation?
Danny promised to look in on Harry again at the police station in his lunch break. I’d miss him sitting in his usual place in the corner of Button Up, but I felt a lot of concern for Harry. Poor Harry. Poor Bethany.
“Does Bethany know?” I asked suddenly. Surely we’d been overlooking the love of Harry’s life.
I could imagine Danny nodding as he said, “Yes, but first I had to go with Harry to the police station. Then I went straight back to Julie and Paul’s house. Bethany had heard the commotion, and was convinced she’d seen Harry in the back of the police car. Of course, Julie Watkins assured her she was mistaken. Anyway, what’s done is done. The main thing for me now is to look after Harry.”
“I’ve just realised,” I said. “Bethany’s father is in hospital, so he’s in no fit condition to snatch little Freddie. That means there’s no reason why Bethany shouldn’t be out and about now. I’m going to phone her and pick her up and bring her to Button Up for the rest of the day.”
I thought for a moment. “No, that’s no good. Melanie’s car hasn’t got anchor points for the baby seat, and I don’t want to risk that again. This isn’t an emergency. I know it’s cold out, but Bethany was taking little Freddie out for walks in the buggy until her father started causing trouble again, and the snow has more or less been flattened now by feet and wheels. I’ll promise her a hot drink and a snack as soon as she gets here. She’ll be glad to have a comforting arm to lean on.”
Danny didn’t make any comment on the comforting arm, but thought that a hot drink and a snack would be just what Bethany needed at this time.
“Treat her gently,” Danny said. “She’s going to be in shock.”
“I think we’re all in shock,” I said, remembering the ginger hair wafting gently under the ice. I’d not had the chance to give Danny all the details about that. Come to think of it, my thoughtful husband hadn’t even asked for them. Probably in case the memory upset me. I loved him for that!
I phoned Bethany, and she seemed to welcome the invitation to Button Up. When she arrived with little Freddie in the buggy, I expected her to look as though a great weight had been lifted from her shoulders. How thoughtless I’d been. Her treasure was locked up in a police cell, and her father was on life support in the hospital.
She sat at Danny’s corner table, holding Freddie on her lap, her head touching his, sobbing gently.
“He didn’t do it,” Bethany said to me quietly, between sobs. “I know he didn’t. I know he’s a tough builder with strong hands, but he’s such a loving and gentle person. You should see him with little Freddie.”
Bethany’s eyes were wet with tears as she spoke, but I could see a genuine sparkle in them. It wasn’t just a reflection of the ceiling lights.
“You were there, Abi. Please tell me Harry didn’t hit my father. I didn’t get on well with my father. Not since I got pregnant. I don’t think we ever got on well together, even when I was a child. But I love him. He’s not going to die is he, Abi? Tell me he’s not going to die.”
Such a lot of questions. “Bethany, by the time we got to your father and Harry, your father was already on the ground. Harry was kneeling by his side.”
“Danny said my father’s head was bleeding. Was there a lot of blood?”
I didn’t want to trivialise the situation, but surely I needed to downplay it. “Some. That’s why he’s had to go to the hospital.”
“Julie Watkins rang the hospital. He’s still on life support. He’s been sedated, which means he won’t know me, but I’m going there to see him after lunch. I can’t take the baby into the ward. Will you look after Freddie for me? I won’t be staying long.”
I assured Bethany that we wanted to give her every possible help we could. And naturally that included looking after little Freddie.
Pete turned to me a few minutes later when we were standing behind the service counter. I’d already explained what had happened, and said we had to help Bethany as much as we possibly could.
“Hayley will be here at two o’clock,” Pete said. “She hasn’t got classes this afternoon. She can go to the hospital with Bethany, and stay in the waiting area with Freddie. And then they can go for a walk round town. Do some shopping.”
Although Pete still had a lot to learn about life and women, he obviously understood the meaning of retail therapy. But from the way Bethany was looking now, I found it difficult to believe a shopping experience would be much help.
“Well, that puts paid to the wedding,” Pete said to me quietly, deep in thought. “It would have been good if the baby had a father figure to look up to.”
“Yes,” I said, “I hope you and Hayley appreciate just how fortunate you are to have sensible, loving parents.”
Pete nodded glumly. “Too sensible. So sensible they won’t let me and Hayley get married.”
“Get married yet,” I said. “Harry and Bethany’s situation is different. Harry is twenty-three, and he’s fully employed. Bethany’s a single mum with a baby. There’s a big difference.”
Pete nodded towards Bethany. “Hayley’s nineteen next month, so Bethany is younger than Hayley. I hope they’re not just getting married because of the baby.”
My feelings exactly, but I certainly wasn’t going to air them with Pete. Anyway, I felt guilty for even questioning the situation in my mind.
“Of course,” Pete said thoughtfully, “if Hayley had a baby, then we’d have to get married.” He saw my horrified expression. “Only joking, Abi.” Then he grinned. “But it’s a thought.”
I sincerely hoped he was joking. I could never be entirely sure with Pete. “They’ve already fixed a date for the marriage,” I said. “It’s at Harry’s church.”
“Or in the prison,” Pete muttered, not quite silently.
That comment was the sort of thing I sometimes think, but try to never say. I was appalled at Pete. “Don’t worry, Pete. Danny will get him off.”
“He won’t get Harry off if he did it.” Those were my unspoken thoughts. I wasn’t going to share them with a twenty-year-old lad. Yes, if Harry had hit Bethany’s father over the head with a brick or something, and cracked his skull, would I even want Danny to get him off?
The broken legs of my precious Bambi paled into insignificance.

Chapter 17

Bethany and Hayley returned from the hospital visit before it was time for me to collect Liam from school. I was glad Bethany had Hayley for company, rather than having to put up with me.
Two eighteen-year-olds can understand each other much better, even though there was a world of difference in their backgrounds, and as far as I could tell they didn’t even speak the same sort of teen language.
Something looked very different about Bethany. Then I got it. She was dressed in a similar style to Hayley. Black leggings and a short red corded skirt, and a really attractive padded green jacket.
When we’d first found Bethany hiding in Alice’s house, she was wearing dowdy old clothes that her aunt had made her wear. Somehow, she had subconsciously maintained the style in which she had been brought up. I guessed this was quite a significant and deliberate change in Bethany’s life, to have a new hairstyle and dress like a normal young person.
“How is your father, Bethany?” I asked, deciding not to comment on the change of clothing just yet. I tried to make my question sound a general interest one, trying to conceal a hidden question that said, “Did you actually go to see your father, or did you spend all your time at the shops?”
Bethany went into some detail about the life support system that her father was on, and I felt ashamed that I had even doubted that the main purpose of the outing had been to see him.
I wondered where the money had come from for new clothes. Bethany surely didn’t have money to splash around, and Hayley was only a student.
“Nice clothes,” I said, approvingly. “I hope they didn’t cost too much.”
Hayley laughed. “I’ve never seen a girl like Bethany before, shopping with just pennies. All this kit came from a thrift shop. You know, the charity shop down near the place where you were going to get your wedding outfit.”
I knew where she meant. I went forward to examine everything closely, nodding and smiling in approval. Nothing had the fowsty smell of a blouse I’d once picked up at a church jumble sale, and hastily thrown down.
“I love it all,” I said, hoping I sounded genuine in my praise. And I really did mean it.
“I’m going back there tomorrow to find some things for Freddie,” Bethany said. “It’s a lovely shop. Wonderful clothes.”
Bethany made it sound like a branch of Harrods. She seemed much brighter, and said she was going to walk back with Freddie in the buggy to the Watkins’ house.
“I’ll be all right,” she assured me. “My mother is coming down because of the accident. Mrs Bartholomew next door says she can stay there while my father is in hospital. That’s ever so kind of her.”
I noticed how Bethany referred to her father’s injury as an accident, and nodded. “Mrs Bartholomew is really kind. We’re so lucky to have her living in our road.”
Bethany gave a weary smile. “She wants to help as much as she can. She came in to see what all the excitement was this morning. Not in a nosy way. She was sitting in with me and Julie when I got the news about my father and Harry, and she tried to reassure me that Danny would sort it out very quickly.”
I liked Mrs Bartholomew. Although we never seemed to get on well when I was at school, I’ve got to know her quite well now, and it seems that the past is either forgiven or forgotten. I thought of all the help the Watkins and the Bartholomews had given at such short notice to enable my wedding and Alice’s wedding to take place without being a total disaster.
“Tell me again. Do you think Harry did it?” Bethany asked. “Please say he didn’t.”
“Danny is onto it,” I said reassuringly. Or what I hoped was reassuringly. “We haven’t heard what Harry has to say yet.”
I looked at the large clock above the service counter. “Don’t go yet, Bethany. I’ve got to collect Liam from school. He was upset about what happened this morning, so I’ve excused him from after-school club. And don’t give anyone those last two jam donuts I’ve put aside in the paper bag. They’re reserved for Liam.”
I definitely have a motherly instinct. I also hoped to bribe Liam into telling me what he knew about the incident with Harry and Bethany’s father. The way he behaved outside the old summerhouse convinced me there was something significant he wasn’t telling.
I got to the school in plenty of time, and parked away from the school gates, as Melanie had told me to. The area gets very congested, especially for pickups rather than drop-offs. A group of mothers stood at the school gates, waiting for them to open.
They seemed to be part of a group that knew each other, so I stood some distance away. For all I knew they were gossiping about what had happened in Alice and Rupert’s back garden. I had visions of reporters and TV vans parked all down my road when I got home.
Liam's class teacher recognised me, and called for Liam to come out of the classroom. To say he looked sheepish was an understatement. Whatever was on his mind had been playing on it all day.
The teacher drew me to one side, away from the parents with flapping ears. “You need to know that Liam would hardly eat any lunch. He kept talking a lot of nonsense about a man lying in a huge puddle of blood. Perhaps you can sort it out. This must be something he watched on television. I know you’re only looking after Liam while his father is away, but you do need to be careful what he watches.”
I was being extremely cautious about what Liam watched on television, but I wasn’t going to get into an argument with a schoolteacher. And certainly not give any details of Bethany’s father lying in the pool of blood. So I pretended to be suitably admonished, and promised to be more careful.
 “We’re going to Button Up,” I said brightly, as we left the school gates. “I’ve reserved two jam donuts specially for you. You look as though you could do with a treat.”
Liam looked up at me and smiled.
“And now before the police arrest you and lock you in prison, you’d better tell me all you know.”
No, of course I didn’t say it. But the kid knew something.
Melanie kept a booster seat in the back of her car, specially for Liam’s age. I made sure he was securely bolted in, but didn’t drive off immediately. If I was going to interrogate Liam, it was better to do it here in the car rather than at Button Up.
“I hope you’re not still worried about Bambi,” I said, not turning round. It seemed sensible to avoid eye contact if I wanted to gain the boy’s confidence. “We’ll be able to mend him and he’ll be as good as new. Anyway, perhaps I’m a bit old to have Disney toys.”
“How old are you, Abi? I don’t think you’re nearly as old as Daddy and Melanie.”
Perceptive child. “I’m thirty-two. And you mustn’t see Daddy and Melanie as old. Just a bit older than me.”
I noticed Liam in the rear-view mirror nodding thoughtfully. I couldn’t see, but perhaps he was counting on his fingers. Having established that there was a mere twenty-four years between us, which made us virtually best buddies, I launched into my very gentle questioning.
“Bethany’s daddy got hurt this morning, and I’m wondering if you saw anything that could help. You’re not in trouble, but what were you doing in the summerhouse?”
Liam took a deep breath. “It’s Bambi’s fault. I didn’t want you to be upset, and I thought if I did something that would make me famous, you’d be pleased and wouldn’t mind that I’d broken him.”
“Yes?” Where on earth could this be going?
“So I thought if I could get a photograph of Bigfoot, I could sell it to the newspapers, and then I could give you the money and you’d be able to buy another one.”
I shook my head. One of us was going crazy. Perhaps it was me.
“So I hid in the summerhouse to try to get a photo…. And then I lay down on the old sofa in there, and went to sleep. I didn’t wake up until I heard the men shouting outside. So I don’t know if I got a photograph of Bigfoot or not.”
Liam needed sugar. Lots of it. It’s well known that kids on a sugar high do crazy things, and maybe that included letting their guard down and making confessions. “Why don’t you tell me how you thought you could get a photograph of Bigfoot? Anyway, there isn’t any Bigfoot.”
As we drove away, Liam said, “William said there is. He said he’d seen Bigfoot watching us when we were in Alice’s back garden.”
I drew to a halt at the red traffic lights. “William was pulling your leg, Liam. Even if there is a Bigfoot, I know he doesn’t live in my woods.”
“You don’t know that for sure, Abi. A photograph would prove he exists, wouldn’t it?”
The lights went green and I moved off. “Just a minute, Liam. How could you get a photograph? You don’t have a camera.”
Liam stayed silent. I couldn’t get another word out of him until we were in Button Up and he was tucking into his first jam donut.
“I don’t want to get into trouble,” he said, carrying on the conversation we had in the car as though there had been no break. “I’ve done something very naughty.”
He took another bite, and as the jam ran down his chin I could see tears in his eyes.
“Why don’t you tell me, Liam? It’s always good to share a secret like that with your best old friend.”
“Daddy is going to be ever so cross when he finds out. And I think Harry is going to be cross as well. I don’t want to be sent back to Mummy and Sean. Mummy’s nice, but Sean hates me and keeps hitting me. He’s horrible. But I love Daddy, and I think I’m going to like Melanie a lot.”
 “Liam,” I said, moving the second donut out of reach, “I think it’s time to tell me everything.”
Button Up wasn’t busy, and we had the corner table to ourselves. Liam bit his bottom lip, and then licked the sugar from around his mouth, taking his time before making his declaration of guilt.
“I took Daddy’s phone before he went away with Melanie. I wanted to look at all the pictures on it, like when I used to see Daddy some weekends and we’d play together. When Daddy couldn’t find it, I pretended to help him look for it.”
Well, that certainly explained Alice’s missing phone charger. It also explained what Liam had suddenly hidden under the duvet when I went to say good night. And there was me, thinking he was embarrassed to have his old teddy in bed.
I remembered how Liam had started to say he had a phone when we were on the footbridge photographing the remains of the old cotton mill. I should have realised earlier that something was amiss.
“Have you lost it? I’m sure we can get Daddy another one.”
Liam shook his head and reached across the table for the second donut. I didn’t put up any resistance. The high sugar diet was working. His confession was in full swing.
“I know how to work it. It will run in what’s called video mode. So I got up early this morning while it was still dark. I didn’t like to shut the back door, because it makes a bit of noise and I didn’t want to wake you all up. I walked along the road, and I didn’t use the flashlight on the phone in case anyone saw me. I put the phone in the window of the old wooden building and set it to video mode. It runs for a long time. The window was dirty and had spider webs on it, so I cleaned it first. And then I was so sleepy I didn’t keep watching.”
“Let’s get this straight, Liam. I’m sure Daddy won’t mind that you borrowed his phone. Tell me, was it still running when you woke up and the men were shouting?”
Liam shook his head. “I don’t know. I didn’t check it.”
It suddenly hit me that if the video had been running at the time of the argument, the phone could contain evidence to convict Harry. What to do? If I told Danny, he would be duty-bound to put it in the records. I had a feeling the defence was under some sort of obligation to reveal things that went against the client ‒ or did they? Whatever, I knew Danny would obey the law.
“And where’s the phone now?” I asked Liam, who had just finished stuffing his mouth with the remainder of the second donut.
“Can I have another one, Abi?”
How much bribery did the boy need? “I think you’ve had enough, Liam. Anyway, those were the last two. I kept them specially for you. Do you have the phone in your schoolbag?”
Liam shook his head. “It’s still in the wooden building. Unless someone has taken it.”
Did Harry know about it? He wouldn’t have had time to remove it before being arrested, but if he was guilty he could have got a message to Bethany. She had decided to walk home while I was collecting Liam. She might even be in the summerhouse now.
“Grab your things, Liam. Let’s go and see if Daddy’s phone is still there. Let’s hope it is.”
Did I really hope that?
I didn’t want to help convict Harry, but could I really be party to concealing vital evidence?
“Pete and Hayley, clean up ready for the morning, and lock up on the dot of six. I’ve got to run.” Life wasn’t getting any easier. “And wipe your sticky fingers in the napkin, Liam. Melanie won’t want jam all over the car seat.”
Was this a foretaste of motherhood? I wanted peace in my newly married life. Life that didn’t involve the police.

Chapter 18

I drove straight through the open gateway of Alice and Rupert’s house, relieved to see that there were no paparazzi present. There was also no sign of the builders, which didn’t surprise me. They traditionally start early and finish early. Harry was probably with Bethany at the Watkins’ house. 
 I decided to let Liam come with me, as he knew exactly where he’d left his dad’s phone.
He ran round towards the back of the house, slipped on what was left of the snow, and fell. Fortunately he didn’t do any damage to himself. The ground was slippery where the builders had been working, and I trod more carefully.
The phone was either in the summerhouse or it wasn’t. Another ten seconds weren’t going to make any difference.
The area of blood where Bethany’s father had been lying was taped off with blue and white police tape. They obviously hadn’t finished with their enquiry.
“Here it is, Abi,” Liam said excitedly, as he emerged holding what I presumed was Steve’s phone.
“It’s not working,” he said, examining the screen. “I expect the battery has gone flat.”
“Hopefully it was already flat when you put it there,” I said, but only quietly to myself.
“Let’s take it back. I’ve got somebody’s phone charger in my bedroom.” Liam actually looked excited.
I shook my head. “There’s no need for that, Liam. I can take the card out and pop it into my laptop. Then we shall see what we shall see.”
Danny wasn’t back yet, so I still had the opportunity to hide evidence that could lead to Harry’s conviction, imprisonment, and presumably the end of any wedding plans.
Liam wanted to go back through the woods in case we saw Bigfoot, but I didn’t want him upset by the sight of the dead fox lying in the pond. It would need to be hooked out and buried before it started to rot, but that was a job for one of the men. I’m a great believer in things being women’s work and men’s work – at times like this.
We went back along the road, past the Watkins’ house. I wondered whether to stop and see how Bethany was, but the SD card in the pocket of my coat was sending urgent messages which I couldn’t ignore.
Alice and Rupert’s 2CV was still covered in the tarpaulin. Liam, who was running on ahead, stopped for a peek under the edge, but I told him to hurry on. I needed to get indoors and get the card checked before any of the others arrived home.
My laptop booted up quickly and I slid the card into the reader on the side, hoping desperately that it was blank, or the battery had run out too soon. In that way, there could be absolutely no evidence about what had happened.
Anyway, the courts would probably refuse to believe Harry when he said he hadn’t injured Mr Studley – assuming Bethany’s father never recovered enough to give a different side to the story. Horrible thought. The man was nasty, but nobody deserved to end up dead, or in what I think they call a vegetative state.
I told Liam to go into the kitchen and help himself to a Magnum ice cream from the freezer, and stay there while he ate it. He did as he was told. Was there some sort of antidote I could give him later for overdosing on sugar?
The front of the summerhouse, with the window where Liam had propped up the phone, faced the patio area where we had found Bethany’s father, and Harry crouching down by him.
At first the video only showed blackness, with grainy speckles. Well, Liam had said it was dark when he set out. I noticed that the video had run for three hours forty-seven minutes. Time to go to fast forward.
Liam came back into the room eating the huge Magnum. His fingers holding the stick were already covered in chocolate. I told him to go back to the kitchen and put it on a plate and eat it slowly, rather than walking around with it.
The image on the screen grew slightly lighter, and I realised I could adjust the contrast and brightness to get a better picture. As the video zoomed through at high speed, the image became almost too bright, and I had to turn down the brightness and reset the contrast.
I felt my stomach clench as two men appeared on the screen, easily identifiable as Bethany’s father and Harry. They stood some distance apart. The sound on the recording was faint. I called to Liam to stay in the kitchen as I turned the volume to max. Even so, it wasn’t possible to distinguish individual words, even though the men’s voices were clearly raised. This must be what we had heard when we were by the pond.
There was some finger-pointing, including the occasional chest stab with a finger from Mr Studley, but so far no bricks were involved. I got the impression that Harry was being the peacemaker, trying to calm Bethany’s agitated father. Without being able to hear the words, I couldn’t be sure. Of course, the police could probably enhance things in their science laboratory, but that was assuming I was going to let them see what happened next.
Liam came back into the room, and I almost shouted at him to go back to the kitchen. He rolled his eyes, cheeky boy, and I jumped up and very gently led him back to the source of sugar.
Back at the screen, I was surprised to see Bethany’s father on the ground, and Harry kneeling by him. I’d forgotten to pause the video, and obviously something dramatic happened while I’d been gone.
I rewound three minutes, and settled down to watch again. After the shouting and finger-pointing, Harry held up both hands in a sign of peace and turned to walk away, shaking his head. The video was remarkably clear. Liam had done well to think to wipe the window.
Harry had only gone a few feet when Bethany’s father lowered his head to run after him, and gave a loud yell. He’d only taken a couple of steps when his feet went from under him on the icy ground. He waved his arms wildly, tried to regain his balance, and fell backwards. His head hit one of the stones around the old patio with a stomach-churning noise that even the phone could pick up through the glass.
Harry immediately turned, saw what had happened, and hurried back. He was kneeling down by Mr Studley’s side, when I heard the front door open. Danny was back early.
“Danny, come here quickly,” I called, as though the video might dissolve if he took his time. “Harry is innocent. Liam has got the proof. Come and see.”
Liam came as well. Since he’d actually witnessed the aftermath of the accident in flesh and blood, so to speak, even though this video was in colour I decided he might as well come and take the credit.
“I’m sorry,” Liam said, staring at the screen as I ran back over the incident for Danny. “Is that my fault? I only wanted to take a picture of Bigfoot.”
“This isn’t your fault at all, Liam. And it’s much better than photographing Bigfoot,” I told him.
Liam frowned. “Will I be famous?”
Danny ruffled Liam’s ginger hair. “I think you’re going to be ever so famous. Maybe you’ll be a famous detective one day, sorting out the baddies.”
“Like Superman?”
Liam obviously had Superman on the brain. I’d have to see if I could find him a Superman cartoon on Netflix as a reward. Of course, it would have to be suitable for eight-year-old boys. I couldn’t bear to receive another reprimand from his class teacher.
Now all we had to do was spring Harry from jail. Legally, of course.

Chapter 19

“I’m taking this video recording straight down to the police station,” Danny said. “They may want a statement from you later, Abi, to explain the circumstances in which you found it. I don’t think anyone is going to think this is any sort of computerised manipulation, or CGI. But who knows how the prosecution might decide to play it.”
And there was me thinking the video from Liam’s phone would be one hundred percent proof that Harry was completely in the clear.
Danny noticed my expression and laughed. “Relax, Abi, I’m only pulling your leg. No one is going to be able to dispute this. What’s more, it’s clear that Harry didn’t lay a finger on Mr Studley. It was Mr Studley who was poking Harry in the chest. At no stage was Harry being physically aggressive.”
He went to remove the card from the side of my laptop, when he paused. “You’d better make a copy, just in case it accidentally gets wiped or goes missing.”
I hoped my lovely husband was joking. Could the police really be that careless or devious? “Already done it,” I said, closing down the video and pulling the card from its slot. “I’ll put it in this envelope.”
Soon after Danny had disappeared, Alice and then Rupert returned from work. When I told them about the video and showed the copy I’d made, they kept telling Liam that he was an absolute genius. Liam looked thrilled. Perhaps he hadn’t received much encouragement in his eight years of confusing identity.
Alice picked him up and gave him a hug, and he only struggled slightly. He wasn’t going to admit it, but he seemed to enjoy the experience.
Rupert said he’d eat later, because he’d brought some parts back from work that he wanted to fit to the Citroen. Alice asked if he needed any help. He said if she could hold the inspection lamp it would help, so they both disappeared, leaving me with Liam.
“Does that mean Harry is no longer in prison?” Liam asked when we were alone. “It makes me sad to think of him being cold and hungry. Is he going to marry Bethany?”
I smiled reassuringly. “I’m sure he’s warm and been given food, but he’ll be glad to be home. Yes, thanks to you, perhaps he will marry Bethany. We’ll have to wait and see what happens.”
Part of me felt uneasy. Not about Harry being in prison and falsely accused, but the mention of the wedding made me wonder just what was going to happen. Would Bethany want to get married while her father was still on life support – or even worse?
“Liam, quick, I have to go and see Bethany.”
Liam was playing something on his Nintendo Switch. He looked up. “You go, Abi. I’ll be all right on my own.”
I shook my head. No way was I risking the boy going missing again. For all I knew he might still be convinced he could get pictures of Bigfoot, although I’d not put the card back in his father’s phone. But he wouldn’t have realised that.
“Come with me, Liam. Bethany will want to see you as well. She’ll be ever so pleased with what you did with your dad’s phone.”
Liam nodded, almost reluctantly. “Can we walk along the road? You said bears live in the woods.”
“Liam,” I explained patiently, “people say things as jokes. When I was your age we all thought there were bears in there, but now I’m grown up I know there can’t possibly be bears.”
“Not even Bigfoot?”
“Definitely not Bigfoot, so please don’t go looking for him again. But who knows, perhaps we’ll see some big, glowing eyes looking out at us through the railings if we walk on that side. You can walk with me to keep me safe.”
I definitely have a problem with saying things out loud, but I needn’t have worried. Liam seemed excited by the idea.
The woodland between my house and Alice’s has high railings along the road to keep the bears in, with an open gateway halfway along to let them out. As a child I always walked on the opposite side of the road, close to the long terraced row of small houses where Julie and Paul Watkins now live.
Rather daringly, even though I’m only thirty-two, I decided to break the habit of a lifetime and walk along by the railings, with Liam holding my hand tightly. Or perhaps I was holding his hand tightly.
We crossed over when we reached the Watkins’ house, having travelled without incident, and rang the doorbell.
Julie opened it, and almost pulled us inside. “Oh, Abi, come in and try to cheer Bethany up. She’s distraught. She won’t even eat, and every time I talk to her she starts to cry.”
“Bethany,” I called out, “I’ve got good news. Harry is innocent.”
“He’s in prison,” Bethany wailed from the back room.
I hurried through, and found Hayley sitting at the table, her eyes red. She looked up at me, appearing almost angry. “I know he’s innocent. Harry wouldn’t hurt anyone, but the police are going to lock him up for years and years.”
I looked at Liam. He was biting his lip, almost in tears himself. “Liam has proof that Harry is innocent,” I explained. “He was trying to photograph wild animals in the woods‒‒”
“Bigfoot,” Liam interrupted.
“Yes, Bigfoot, and he set up his father’s phone in video mode and left it running. It shows Harry and your father having a big argument, but your father falls over backwards and hits his head ‒ after Harry has left. Danny’s taken the video card down to the police station. I expect Harry will be out this evening. Danny is going to phone me with an update as soon as things are sorted.”
“Really?” Bethany asked, her red eyes pleading that I was telling the truth.
“Really true,” Liam said. “Abi let me watch the video on her laptop. And there’s lots of blood.”
Bethany could have done without that detail, and she shivered. “I think my mother will be pleased with the news. She’s coming down tomorrow morning on the train to visit my father. Mrs Bartholomew is ever so kind to let her stay there.”
I nodded. “Everyone here is kind, Bethany. I’m fortunate to have such good neighbours.”
Julie was standing behind, listening. “Paul and I are always happy to help,” she said. “It’s been like a breath of fresh air having Bethany and little Freddie in the house. It’s the family we were never able to have – instant child and grandchild.”
It was great to hear that, but not so good to know that Bethany’s mother would soon be on the scene. Although I’d never seen Bethany’s Aunt Erica, I’d heard her and Bethany’s father shouting at Danny and demanding that they took Bethany home, when Bethany first appeared on the scene. I could only imagine that the mother was of the same ilk.
 “Then you’ll miss them when they’ve gone,” I said.
Julie looked at me and frowned. “They’ve told me about getting married, but surely....
“In just under four weeks’ time,” I explained. I turned to Bethany. “You will still get married, won’t you?”
Bethany started to cry again. It’s amazing where tears come from, without ever running out. “I ... I didn’t think it would be possible.” She jumped up and gave Liam a hug from which he tried to escape. “You clever, clever boy. Let me give you a big kiss.”
Liam’s attempt to escape was in vain, and he suffered a series of quick pecks on the cheek, but I noticed he only wiped them gently with his sleeve when Bethany released him.
So all was well. Or was it? The arrival of Bethany’s mother filled me with a certain amount of dread. And the aunt....
“Aunt Erica can’t come,” Bethany said, as though reading my thoughts. “Apparently she had a fainting fit when she heard how Harry had assaulted my father, and still hasn’t fully recovered. Or when she was told he’d done it.”
“Well, that’s fantastic news. Perhaps she can share a bed next to your father if she’s also on life support.” Why do silly things keep popping up in my mind, even though I don’t actually say them?
But even though I didn’t say it aloud, it certainly was good news. Bethany needed to be kept away from the old witch. That is, the aunt. I had yet to meet the mother and form an opinion.
“Can you do me a favour?” Bethany asked, looking rather shy. Well, shy and red-eyed.
I nodded. “Carry on.”
“My mother’s train gets in at eleven fifteen tomorrow morning. She’s not used to doing anything on her own. She relies on my father for everything. A neighbour is going to make sure she gets on the train. She won’t want to take a taxi when she gets here, because she won’t know the driver.”
I smiled. “Yes, of course I’ll meet her. Do you want me to bring her straight here?”
I could see relief spreading over Bethany’s face. “Thank you so much, Abi. You’re a good friend to have. But I think it’s going to be all a bit too much for Mother. She gets anxious about the slightest thing, and I know she’s going to work herself up into such a state about seeing me. I don’t want her coming straight here and having a fainting fit like my aunt. She needs to calm down a bit first after the ordeal of the train journey.”
“I could take her to Button Up first, if you like. Settle her down with a cup of coffee.”
“And we could share a jam donut,” Liam interrupted hopefully.
I nodded, trying to look serious. “That’s an excellent idea, Liam, but unfortunately you’ll be at school.”
Confronting the mother at the station could be the worst idea ever.
I was tempted to say, “Let her get a taxi and come straight here, and put her to bed in the Bartholomews’ house. And keep me out of things. Please!”
But I don’t think I actually said it.

Chapter 20

Whatever my unkind and hopefully unspoken thoughts had been yesterday at Julie and Paul’s house, I gritted my teeth and got to the station just after eleven, in case the train was early, trying to keep my courage up. Because Harry had been formally charged, he’d not been released the previous evening, but was told he would be free some time today.
The train got in two minutes late, and only a few people got off. Bethany’s mother was easy to spot. There were three businessmen, two young couples, and a little mouse of a woman dressed in a drab grey coat and scarf stepping timidly from one of the carriages and reaching for her suitcase.
I hurried forward and grabbed the case, quickly explaining I was Abi who Bethany had asked to come to meet her.
She smiled a rather sweet smile as I carried her small, battered suitcase and explained my car was outside. Yes, it was my car, and not Melanie’s Fiat. Danny had brought our Kia runabout back safely from his conference, and didn’t need it for work today.
I explained I was taking her to my coffee shop for a cup of tea or coffee before going to see Bethany and little Freddie. I was about to add that she could take the opportunity to smarten ... no, not smarten herself up. That would be impossible. I looked at her again, but not so she’d notice. Her greying hair was pulled back in a severe manner into a large bun. Her hair looked dry, and her face was lined and devoid of any sort of make up.
I wondered if Bethany was going to wear her original dowdy clothes for her mother’s arrival. If not, her mother was certainly in for a shock.
“Would you like to see your husband first? It’s not much out of the way to visit the hospital.”
She looked at me again, and I could see love in her nervous face. “Bethany said Mrs Bartholomew, her neighbour, will take me to the hospital this afternoon. I’m sure you’re needed at your coffee shop.”
“You’ve had a big shock, Mrs Studley. I’m here to take you wherever you want to go.”
“You’re very kind, Abi. Bethany told me on the phone that Harry is innocent. I know Bethany loves him, and it made me sad to think that Harry was responsible.”
Really? I thought she’d be glad at the thought of Bethany being free of Harry at last, and that she could return home. Well, home to live with Aunt Erica, assuming that woman ever got over her fainting fit.
So we went to Button Up. I’d already made sure that Danny’s little table in the corner had a reserved sign on it. Pete seemed to be coping, and Hayley was there because she assured me that there were no classes that morning. I hoped she was telling the truth, and wasn’t being nosy. Well, I should know one when I see one.
I noticed Pete and Hayley watching Bethany’s mother closely, and after a couple of minutes they seemed to lose interest. They’d probably been like me, expecting Mrs Studley to be like Bethany’s father and Aunt Erica. Not that they’d met them, but I’d told them all I knew.
Mrs Studley wanted a small pot of tea and nothing else. Although Liam was at school, I put a jam donut in a bag to take with me for an after-school treat.
Bethany’s mother appeared to relax in the happy atmosphere of Button Up, and after a quarter of an hour said she was ready to see Bethany for the first time in the past six months. She asked if I could spare the time to go into the Watkins’ house with her for company, as she was feeling a little unsteady.
She need not have worried about the reception she was going to get. Bethany stood in the hallway carrying baby Freddie when Julie Watkins opened the door to us. For a moment mother and daughter stared at each other, then they both burst into tears as they ran forward for a big hug, squashing the baby who also began to cry.
I don’t think Bethany’s mother noticed Bethany’s new clothes as she took little Freddie carefully from her daughter and gave him a kiss. “Oh, Bethany, we’ve been so wicked. So, so wicked.”
I hoped Bethany wasn’t included, and I certainly wasn’t going to ask.
“Just think I haven’t seen my darling little grandson since he was just a tiny baby. I don’t know what got into us. I blame it all on your father’s Aunt Erica. She poisoned our minds.”
I was interested to note that Bethany’s mother was distancing herself in the relationship of the aunt.
“I’m sorry, too, Mother.” Bethany seemed happy to leave little Freddie in her mother’s arms. “But you know why I had to run away. I simply couldn’t give little Freddie up for adoption, and Aunt Erica did all she could to make my life miserable.”
Bethany’s mother nodded. “You did the right thing, darling. I know that now. We were all so very angry at the time.” She kissed baby Freddie again. “You precious, precious little boy. How could we ever have thought of giving you away?”
With that, I joined the mother and daughter in having a cry, and Julie joined in with us. Paul hadn’t appeared from the sitting room, but perhaps he was crying in there too, for all I knew. And if he wasn’t, he ought to be.
Amazingly, Harry was welcomed by Mrs Studley in the Watkins’ house as soon as he was released in the afternoon. Although I wasn’t there, I got the impression later from Harry that the encounter had gone well. He told me he’d been trembling as he rang the doorbell, so anything that happened was bound to be an improvement on what he was anticipating.
His optimism was justified, and he told me he’d actually received a small hug from Bethany’s mother. Since I know Harry to be a truthful young man, I had to assume he was telling the truth.
But he had yet to meet Mr Studley again.

<><><><>

The wedding was to be three weeks on Saturday. Harry bought Liam a new game for his Nintendo as a thank you present. It seemed more challenging than violent, and I guessed Steve and Melanie would approve when they got home.
The Nintendo game wasn’t the only thing Harry bought. The next morning he took Bethany to the jeweller’s where Danny and I had bought our rings, and they appeared at Button Up with Bethany wearing a shining gold ring with a mounted speck of a diamond in the centre. I knew it was the thought that counted, and from the look in Bethany’s eyes I guessed it was the best present she had ever received in her life.
Bethany’s mother slowly came out of her shell, although her husband was still in hospital. He was taken off life-support after six days and the doctor said should be out in plenty of time for the wedding.
“I’m not sure if that’s a good idea,” I said to Danny when I told him the news. “But from what I gather, when Mrs Studley and Bethany visited him last time, he seemed to have softened, He’s sort of supportive of Harry marrying his daughter.”
Danny smiled. “Well, Abi, as you would say, we can only hope.”
“And pray,” I added.
I know it’s traditional for the bride’s parents to pay for the wedding, but it was clear that the Studleys didn’t have much money and were used to scrimping and saving and making do. Alice suggested again that Bethany wore one of the bargain basement dresses we had bought in the last panic-filled moments for our own weddings.
I wasn’t sure why we’d kept them. Surely no one plans to use their wedding dress more than once.
Mrs Studley’s eyes brightened at the thought of a wedding dress that had only had one owner. And the question of whether to get married in white was never raised.
So the next evening Alice and I took our dresses for her to see, and although I could tell that Mrs Studley thought they were slightly too revealing, because the sleeves only went to the elbows, she decided that mine would be the better one, because it would be easier to alter.
What she didn’t say was that because my hips are rather big boned, it would be easier to take the dress in around that area for a perfect fit. At least, that’s what I think was in her mind. And I was glad to help.
Mrs Studley insisted that we called her Valerie, although that took some getting used to. However, when her rather reserved manner started to thaw, along with the snow outside, I felt more comfortable using the name.
Bethany confided in me that she and Harry planned to have a baby of their own as soon as possible. I did wonder about the wisdom of being so fast about it, but she said they wanted to cement the family as well as having a friend for little Freddie.
I wasn’t going to say anything to Alice and Rupert yet, but I wondered if a family of four, or maybe three and a bit, would count as being large enough to rent their basement apartment when it was ready.
We also had good news from the police about the second man in the play area, although it’s a rather sad story. Apparently he was a child’s grandfather, and had every right to be there. Unfortunately, he was becoming forgetful and had gone home the other day without the four-year-old child who was supposed to be in his care. A girl, so I heard. She was discovered, cold and in tears, by the last parents to leave. So that was the last time he’ll be seen there without another adult for company.

With just over a week to go to the wedding at Harry’s church, Mr Studley was released from hospital. The first thing he wanted to do was check out Harry’s church, to make sure that it wasn’t run by some satanic cult. Sorry, that’s my take on what was going on in his mind. I’m sure he just wanted to have a look round.
I know there are all sorts of churches, some of which make me feel more comfortable than others, but surely we are all worshipping the same Heavenly Father ‒ although we do it in various ways, using different types of music and different forms of wording in the prayers. Plus lots of different styles of building. But who’s to say which one is perfect? That is, apart from Bethany’s father ‒ and I didn’t intend to ask him for his opinion.
Harry had collected Mr Studley in his mother’s car at my suggestion, rather than on the back of his off-road motorbike, and they’d gone to meet the Minister. To everyone’s relief, the man with the bandage on his head said yes. But as Harry told me afterwards, it didn’t really matter what Bethany’s father said. He and Bethany were going to get married anyway.
It might not have mattered to Harry, but although I wasn’t personally involved, it mattered to me. I thought of the happy wedding day Danny and I had, with Alice and Rupert getting married with us. I wanted Bethany to have many, many happy memories of that important day.
Bethany told me that the old dragon, a.k.a. Aunt Erica, was still suffering from fits and seizures following the news that Bethany was marrying a builder. Actually, I’m adding the fits and seizures bit, but Bethany’s mother insisted Aunt Erica was to be kept in the dark about the details of the wedding, and not invited even if she was well enough to travel when the time came. And that was extremely unlikely, because Aunt Erica said she was never going to be the same person again. Well, that could only mean an improvement.
We offered Bethany our kitten heel shoes, and noticed Valerie examining the height closely. Finally she agreed that they would be all right and not too wicked. Again, not her words. The tiaras got a no thank you, but my veil was sufficiently modest to pass the test.
All through these arrangements I could tell that Valerie was becoming more and more relaxed. I guess it was baby Freddie who was responsible, bringing out a motherly side of Valerie that perhaps Bethany had never known.
Danny typeset the invitations and service cards, and I arranged for them to be printed in silver at the agency that printed our own wedding stationery. I mentioned the last-minute cancellation of everything we had booked for our wedding, and said Julie had bought two large iced cakes from the large out-of-town supermarket, and magically transformed them into a two-tiered wedding cake complete with two ceramic brides and grooms.
Valerie actually laughed and said that sounded an excellent idea. “But with just one bride and groom, please.” She seemed to be developing a sense of humour. I had to stop myself adding, “See if you can find one with the couple holding a baby.” I didn’t think her sense of humour had developed quite that far yet.
Neither Alice nor I wanted to interfere too much. Although I’ve never considered myself to be a wedding planner, I did have some useful ideas about self catering for the reception. This was to be in the church hall, and I suggested using party food that could be supplied by local supermarkets. I mentioned that Mrs Bartholomew was the one to see about that.
Rupert said it was unlikely his 2CV would be ready in time to act as a wedding car, and since he had already removed the tarpaulin and shown it to Valerie, I got the impression she was relieved. I mentioned the two pre-war Morris Eight saloons we had used, and I guessed she was old-fashioned enough to think that they were not too modern, and therefore suitable for her daughter. So they were booked.
Rupert’s friend had already set up a wedding hire service with them, thanks to me for planting the idea in his head. And I’ve not heard tales of any serious breakdowns to and from the various receptions.
Paul Watkins had taken some beautifully informal photographs of our joint wedding, and Bethany told me he’d offered to do the same for her. What did I think? I told her to bite his hand off. And he wasn’t even going to charge a penny.
So the scene was set. The invitations had gone out, but there were very few of them. Of course Harry and his family were invited, and that accounted for eight. Bethany wanted to make sure that Alice and I had official invitations to come with our husbands, and there were various others, including Melanie, Steve and Liam, and of course Pete and Hayley.
Melanie told me that now she was safely married, she could really enjoy a wedding without feeling left out, and needing to join in the fight to catch the bride’s bouquet.
Then disaster struck. Bethany was in tears when she told us that her father had decided it was only polite to send one of the invitations to Aunt Erica! I could only conclude that his brain hadn’t fully recovered from the injury.

Chapter 21
(Last chapter)

I’m a great believer in recycling, so it was good to see Bethany stepping out of the little Morris Eight saloon, holding her father’s hand, and wearing my wedding dress. Valerie had even relented and allowed her daughter to wear my tiara. Allowed? Yes, I still felt there was a certain amount of control going on.
So, double recycling. The wedding outfit and the old Morris Eight car. Harry had suggested that Bethany and her father should arrive at the church in the bucket of a JCB digger. I had a feeling he was serious, or at least testing out the idea. Apparently one of his workmates had suggested it.
Bethany’s father, who had given us the privilege of calling him Nigel, still had a bandage round his head, looking like the top half of an Egyptian mummy. Other than that, he seemed fit and well, and had more or less accepted the thought of having Harry as a son-in-law. Back at the Watkins’ house he was even taking turns at holding baby Freddie, although my developing mothering instinct told me he was using a rather precarious grip.
Alice and I were both matrons of honour. Bethany said we were like sisters, and she didn’t want to honour one over the other. Then Alice told me I was like the sister she always wanted but never had, and I told her she was like the sister I never had at all. We girls can say some crazy things.
Bethany had chosen two small girls to be bridesmaids, and Liam was the page. He looked incredibly embarrassed as he followed Bethany up the aisle, holding the short train of her dress ‒ my old dress. It looked as good as new, because the one previous owner had treated it with great care.
I saw Pete whisper something to Hayley, and hoped he wasn’t telling her that they would be next.
I got the impression that Valerie and Nigel weren’t particularly comfortable with two of the modern worship songs Bethany and Harry had chosen for the small band to play, or even with the fact that a band was playing anything in a church. But they put on a brave face and joined in with the words printed in the service card.
I don’t think it would have been traditional or even practical for the bride to stand at the front holding a baby, or even with a baby in a buggy by her side. I would have loved to be holding baby Freddie throughout the service, but Valerie insisted that she did it. I didn’t see that coming, and I certainly couldn’t complain.
Bethany, with her veil down, stood next to Harry, and being a typical softy at weddings I had to dab my eyes. It was too soon for me to be crying out loud, but the time would surely come. All went well, until the Minister asked Harry if he wanted to take Bethany Louise Studley to be his lawful wedded wife.
At that moment a loud yell, more of a shriek, came from the back of the church. An elderly woman clad in a black coat, with a black bonnet, hobbled forward shouting, “Stop the wedding! That woman is a whore, a scarlet woman. I forbid you to let her enter into holy wedlock!”
I didn’t need any introductions. Bethany’s Aunt Erica had accepted the wedding invitation, but without the courtesy of accepting it formally. I have to admit that when I was in my teens, a secret part of me wanted to hear some objection when the banns of marriage were read on my occasional visits to church. But this was just too personal, too horrific for anyone.
It looked as though the Minister hadn’t been tipped off about the possibility of this disaster. He stood there, looking first from Harry to Bethany, and then to Bethany’s father. But Bethany’s father had already caught hold of Aunt Erica firmly by the arm. I couldn’t hear what he was saying, but he sounded pretty angry as he whispered into her ear as he more or less dragged her out through the church door, while she was still shouting about scarlet women.
The congregation, if that’s what you call guests at a church wedding, had created quite a buzz of conversation while this was going on. The Minister went forward and spoke to Rupert, Harry, Bethany and Valerie, asking what was happening. I wasn’t included.
As far as my flapping ears could gather, Valerie was explaining that her aunt had no legally valid objections to the marriage, but merely despised Bethany enough to try to derail the wedding.
Rupert was the best man, so technically in charge of the event, and he came across and said something to Danny and handed him the rings.
Danny nodded and went forward to where Harry and Bethany stood. He said something in a tone that sounded reassuring, and they nodded. Rupert hurried outside.
As the service resumed I could still hear an exchange of words between Bethany’s father and Aunt Erica, and then Bethany’s father reappeared. Rupert stayed outside, presumably to either attempt to placate Aunt Erica, or knock her unconscious.
Harry had agreed with Bethany that a soloist should sing “Just as I Am,” accompanied by a flute. The young woman sang with great depth of meaning, and I had to cling tightly to Danny’s arm as I started to cry. This hymn was Bethany’s testimony, and she wanted everyone present to know it. So that included her parents. I thought it a shame that Aunt Erica was still outside somewhere.
All in all, it wasn’t the most peaceful, romantic wedding anyone had ever attended, but there were no more interruptions. And there was sign of Rupert until we were in the reception in the church hall.
He appeared looking rather hot and dishevelled, with Aunt Erica by his side. She lowered her eyes as she muttered something to Valerie, and Valerie nodded and smiled, and put a friendly hand on the old lady’s shoulder. So it looked as though the storm had blown over, although we still had the reception speeches to come. I just hoped Aunt Erica didn’t think she was on the list of speakers.
I saw the elderly lady swallowing some tablets, and she certainly seemed to calm down a lot. By the time the speeches started she was slumped in her chair, snoring peacefully. I noticed that everyone took great care to avoid disturbing her.
Liam became the centre of attention for a time, entertaining the two bridesmaids with his conjuring tricks. He told Bethany he could make her wedding ring disappear and change into a bottle top. Having seen Liam’s conjuring tricks before, I got the feeling Bethany thought that was entirely possible, and to his obvious disappointment she politely declined.
And so another day in my strange life came to an end. By the time the reception was over, Valerie, Nigel, Harry and Bethany were clearly a loving family foursome, although of course I have to include little Freddie in that. So make that a fivesome.
Aunt Erica could do nothing more to get the baby adopted, now that Bethany and Harry had tied the knot, and both were clearly of sound mind. She said afterwards that she had no idea what had come over her, and she fully repented of her sin. Her words.
Harry said he was keeping the honeymoon destination secret, as some of his mates were known to try to jeopardise honeymoons. The leader was probably the guy who had suggested the digger and bucket.
I don’t suppose Bethany and Harry are the first couple to take their baby on honeymoon, nor will they be the last. I think they were concerned that Bethany’s parents might be influenced by Aunt Erica to do something unthinkable if they left little Freddie behind. Anyway, who could they leave him with, without spending the whole honeymoon worrying?
Danny and I were busy in the week following the wedding. Creepy Castle was finished at last, and we helped Rupert and Alice sort out and arrange the furniture, even giving help with the flatpack. So it was Creepy Castle no longer. The distinctive smell had gone, replaced by that of fresh paint and new carpets.
We’re going to miss them, so it’s fortunate they only live a couple of hundred yards away. Progress on the Citroen 2CV has more or less ground to a halt, and it’s still on the hard standing in front of my house covered with a tarpaulin. The weather is already getting warmer, and I’m looking forward to trips out in it one day.

<><><><>

It’s Monday morning, and we’ve opened Button Up as usual, with me feeling a great sense of relief. Later in the afternoon happily-married Melanie is going to collect Liam from after-school club. The boy seems to be settling down well with Melanie and Steve.
Melanie is bringing Liam back for what he considers his essential jam donut – but strictly one, and only on Mondays. I still don’t think Melanie has discovered I’d given him two at a time, on several days of the week.
I just hope Liam doesn’t squash it on the plate as he did last Monday and let the jam ooze out ‒ then grin and say it’s blood.
Well, at least the incident outside Alice and Rupert’s house doesn’t seem to have done the boy too much harm ‒ if he can make jokes like that.
Rest assured, Liam, your best old friend knows how to keep all our secrets. And I’m trusting you to do the same.
Unfortunately, Melanie also knows how to keep secrets. In spite of having to stay in the honeymoon suite much of the time, apparently because of the weather (!) it seems that everything was up to her expectations. I can see something special in her eyes since she’s been back. I’ve not been able to discover the full story ‒ yet. So I will have to wait patiently. I’m good at that.
“What did you just say, Danny? Oh, that’s so unfair!”


Epilogue

This is the hymn Liam talked about, which he heard on his first visit to church with Abi. Although he seemed to misunderstand it in some ways, expecting there to be snow on the mountains, even with his limited understanding he was able to see that Jesus never wants anyone to go away from him. And if they do, the loving Shepherd is always searching for them, to bring them back, no matter how far they have gone, and how long ago they left him. Jesus’ story of the Prodigal Son is proof of that.

If the hymnal.net link to hear the music is broken, enter the first line in a search engine. This link is to the original tune and lyrics.

The Ninety and Nine
Words by E. C. Clephane
Music by Ira D. Sankey
https://www.hymnal.net/en/hymn/h/1077

There were ninety and nine that safely lay
In the shelter of the flock,
But one was out on the hills away,
Far off in the cold and dark;
Away on the mountains wild and bare,
Away from the tender Shepherd’s care.

“Lord, Thou hast here Thy ninety and nine;
Are they not enough for Thee?”
But the Shepherd made answer: “This of Mine
Has wandered away from Me;
And although the road be rough and steep,
I go to the desert to find My sheep.”

But none of the ransomed ever knew
How deep were the waters crossed;
Nor how dark was the night the Lord passed through
Ere He found His sheep that was lost;
Out in the desert He heard its cry;
’Twas sick and helpless and ready to die.

“Lord, whence are those blood-drops all the way,
That mark out the mountain’s track?”
“They were shed for one who had gone astray
Ere the Shepherd could bring him back.”
“Lord, whence are Thy hands so rent and torn?”
“They’re pierced tonight by many a thorn.”

And all through the mountains, thunder-riven,
And up from the rocky steep,
There arose a glad cry to the gate of heaven,
“Rejoice! I have found My sheep!”
And the angels echoed around the throne,
“Rejoice, for the Lord brings back His own!”

(The last lines are repeated once)

In his book of favourite songs and hymns, Ira D. Sankey wrote:

It was in the year 1874 that the poem, “The Ninety and Nine,” was discovered, set to music, and sent out upon its world-wide mission. Its discovery seemed as if by chance, but I cannot regard it otherwise than providential. Mr. Moody had just been conducting a series of meetings in Glasgow, and I had been assisting him in his work as director of the singing.
We were at the railway station at Glasgow and about to take the train for Edinburgh, whither we were going upon an urgent invitation of ministers to hold three days of meetings there before going into the Highlands. We had held a three months’ series in Edinburgh just previous to our four months’ campaign in Glasgow.
As we were about to board the train I bought a weekly newspaper, for a penny. Being much fatigued by our incessant labors at Glasgow, and intending to begin work immediately upon our arrival at Edinburgh, we did not travel second- or third-class, as was our custom, but sought the seclusion and rest which a first-class railway carriage in Great Britain affords.
In the hope of finding news from America I began perusing my lately purchased newspaper. This hope, however, was doomed to disappointment, as the only thing in its columns to remind an American of home and native land was a sermon by Henry Ward Beecher.
I threw the paper down, but shortly before arriving in Edinburgh I picked it up again with a view to reading the advertisements. While thus engaged my eyes fell upon a little piece of poetry in a corner of the paper. I carefully read it over, and at once made up my mind that this would make a great hymn for evangelistic work ‒ if it had a tune. So impressed was I that I called Mr. Moody’s attention to it, and he asked me to read it to him. This I proceeded to do with all the vim and energy at my command.
After I had finished I looked at my friend Moody to see what the effect had been, only to discover that he had not heard a word, so absorbed was he in a letter which he had received from Chicago. My chagrin can be better imagined than described. Notwithstanding this experience, I cut out the poem and placed it in my musical scrapbook ‒ which, by the way, has been the seed plot from which sprang many of the Gospel songs that are now known throughout the world.
At the noon meeting on the second day, held at the Free Assembly Hall, the subject presented by Mr. Moody and other speakers was “The Good Shepherd”. When Mr. Moody had finished speaking he called upon Dr. Bonar to say a few words. He spoke only a few minutes, but with great power, thrilling the immense audience by his fervid eloquence. At the conclusion of Dr. Bonar’s words Mr. Moody turned to me with the question, “Have you a solo appropriate for this subject, with which to close the service?”
I had nothing suitable in mind, and was greatly troubled to know what to do. The Twenty-third Psalm occurred to me, but this had been sung several times in the meeting. I knew that every Scotsman in the audience would join me if I sang that, so I could not possibly render this favorite psalm as a solo.
At this moment I seemed to hear a voice saying, “Sing the hymn you found on the train!” But I thought this impossible, as no music had ever been written for that hymn. Again the impression came strongly upon me that I must sing the beautiful and appropriate words I had found the day before, and placing the little newspaper slip on the organ in front of me, I lifted my heart in prayer, asking God to help me so to sing that the people might hear and understand.
Laying my hands upon the organ I struck the key of A flat, and began to sing. Note by note the tune was given, which has not been changed from that day to this. As the singing ceased a great sigh seemed to go up from the meeting, and I knew that the song had reached the hearts of my Scottish audience. Mr. Moody was greatly moved. Leaving the pulpit, he came down to where I was seated. Leaning over the organ, he looked at the little newspaper slip from which the song had been sung, and with tears in his eyes said, “Sankey, where did you get that hymn? I never heard the like of it in my life.”
I was also moved to tears and arose and replied, “Mr. Moody, that’s the hymn I read to you yesterday on the train, which you did not hear.” Then Mr. Moody raised his hand and pronounced the benediction, and the meeting closed. Thus “The Ninety and Nine” was born.
A short time afterward I received, at Dundee, a letter from a lady who had been present at the meeting, thanking me for having sung her deceased sister’s words. From correspondence that followed I learned that the author of the poem was Elizabeth C. Clephane, a resident of Melrose, Scotland, one of three sisters, all members of a refined Christian family. She was born in Edinburgh in 1830.
Her sister, in describing Elizabeth, says, “She was a very quiet little child, shrinking from notice and always absorbed in books. The loss of both parents, at an early age, taught her sorrow. As she grew up she was recognized as the cleverest of the family. She was first in her class and a favorite with the teacher.
“Her love for poetry was a passion. Among the sick and suffering she won the name of ‘My Sunbeam.’ She wrote ‘The Ninety and Nine’ for a friend, who had it published in The Children’s Hour. It was copied from thence into various publications, but was comparatively little noticed. She died in 1869.”

More of Sankey’s hymns and their stories can be found in Sankey’s Favorite Hymns and Songs, published as an eBook by White Tree Publishing ISBN: 978-1-912529-66-7

Return to Table of Contents


The Abi Button Book Series

Tall Men and Strangers is the first Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abigail (Abi) Button is thirty-one, and in spite of kissing a few frogs she has yet to find her prince. On the lookout for a tall, dark stranger (but not too strange) she realises he has been living locally all the time. It’s just that she has not really noticed Jack Thornley until she meets him in her road late one evening, standing by an emergency ambulance.
Abi’s elderly neighbour is Ivy Smith, and she’s ninety-one. She gives Abi a small silver key, telling her to keep it secret from her nephew Jack who is helping to care for her. What the key opens, Abi has no idea.
Ivy worries that she hears someone moving around her house at night, when she should be alone. Abi tries to reassure her by saying it’s only the old house settling at night, or noisy neighbours, but Ivy Smith is unconvinced. Soon Abi is unconvinced, too.
As Abi’s friendship with Jack develops, he invites her to his local church where she meets Danny Wells. Much to her embarrassment she remembers kissing Danny at school. Old memories start to surface, threatening to put the relationship with Jack in jeopardy.
A cozy mystery romance taking place in a small English town, told by Abi Button.

Poetry and Mayhem is the second Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi Button gets involved with the lazy nephews and nieces of their elderly uncle who lived in the creepy house at the far end of her road. Isaac Whittard Magritte Newton, to give him his full name, has set a cryptic clue in his will for the siblings to solve. The will says the first nephew or niece who can solve the clue is going to be extremely wealthy, but the puzzle seems unbreakable. The old man once set crossword puzzles for two of the national newspapers, and other puzzles for various magazines. Abi, with her modest skills in cryptic crosswords, has to admit defeat.
Also on Abi’s mind, perhaps as a matter of greater importance than solving the clue that will help four squabbling siblings, is her developing friendship with junior solicitor Danny Wells. She wonders if she has at last found the right man. Melanie Upton ‒ Abi’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ assures Abi that this one is definitely a keeper. But as Abi points out, Melanie says the same thing about every man Abi gets to know.

Cake and Calamity, the third Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
“Organising a wedding is a piece of cake,” to quote Abigail (Abi) Button. She could be right, because a local wedding shop provides the whole service: bridal gowns, venue, cake, food, cars ... everything that makes the perfect wedding. Apart from husbands!
Meanwhile, Melanie Upton ‒ Abi Button’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ confides in Abi that romance is in the air with an Italian property investor called Romero Rocco. Can it be true?
Abi’s new friend and neighbour is also getting married. She now owns the house Abi calls Creepy Mansion. She says getting a builder to restore the old house should also be a simple matter. So with a joint wedding planned for Abi and her new friend, Abi asks, “What can possibly go wrong?”
A cozy mystery romance taking place in the small English town of Craidlea, told by Abi Button.

Ghouls and Jewels, the fourth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi returns from her honeymoon to find a threatening letter on the doormat. Her new friend Alice says her sister and brothers are claiming she’s secretly in possession of a priceless Russian tiara and associated jewels, and they insist on having their share ‒ and they are already arranging to take her to court.
This is news to Alice, so Abi and Alice, with their new husbands set out to search the creepy old house that Alice has recently purchased.
A neighbour says she has heard wailing coming from the house, and Abi’s childhood fear that the house is haunted seems to be confirmed when she sees a woman’s face staring out between the bars of a basement window at night.
The search for the Russian treasure leads to an unpleasant encounter with a dominating father and aunt. More problems for Abi to solve, in between running Button Up coffee shop with her co-owner Melanie Upton, who has romantic news to share. This time it sounds as though it could be promising ‒ with just one small drawback.

Doughnuts and Disaster, the fifth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance. This book.

Apple Pie and Follies, the sixth and final Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance. 
Alice and Rupert Forrester have just moved into the house Abi used to call Creepy Castle. The basement apartment will soon be ready for newlywed Bethany and Harry with baby Freddie. Alice finds an old map of the area in the college library, which leads to some exciting discoveries.
Some items donated to the local cat charity cause serious problems for Abi and Danny, with Danny locked in a police cell and suspended from work at lawyers Branks, Davis & Waters, and Abi taken in for questioning. Meanwhile, life at Button Up coffee shop proceeds in the usual way ‒ a way that is often far from normal.

Button Up Detective Agency
The Button Up Spin-off Series

Clocks Locks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #1
When Janika Jones’ husband is found dead, his death is initially assumed to be suicide. Sam Jones was a detective with the local CID, and Janika is determined to prove he was murdered. Realising she has detective skills of her own, she trains to be a private investigator, and sets up an office above the Button Up coffee shop owned by Abi Wells, a girl she knew at school as Abi Button.
Calling her business the Button Up Detective Agency, Janika sets out to find her own cases to investigate, having been warned by the police not to investigate her husband’s murder. But that’s something she can’t resist when the opportunity arises. When things turn nasty, who can she trust?
Told by Janika Jones, this is a slightly darker cozy mystery spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Hugs Bugs and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #2
As Janika Jones settles into her new career as a private investigator – fully trained, of course – she is asked to take the part of a New York art collector’s assistant to investigate a picture in a London art gallery, where she has to obtain vital photographic evidence without being caught. The theft of a collection of wartime medals leads to a gruesome discovery. And being accused of poisoning an unwelcome visitor is just another event in Janika’s hectic life at the Button Up Detective Agency.

Shoes Clues and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #3
When Janika Jones started the Button Up Detective Agency, she was reluctant to get involved in matrimonial problems. However, a desperate call from a woman whose life could be in danger convinces Janika that she needs to take action, urgently.
Meanwhile, Piers Pillinger wants Janika to carry out another job involving Humphrey Broxburn, the owner of a West End art gallery. Piers assures Janika that she is in no danger and she can trust Humphrey absolutely, but when she is bundled into a blacked out vehicle in the centre of London, she wonders who has been deceiving who.
A major theft from the Mill Lane Garage where Rupert Forrester works makes suspicion fall on Rupert who was last to leave and should have locked up and set the alarm. But did he forget? Janika gets assistance from Toby Walton as she tries to track down the thief and put Rupert in the clear. As Janika says about Toby, “He’s not really my boyfriend.” But Abi and Alice have other ideas.
Told by Janika Jones, this is the third slightly darker spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Kicks Tricks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #4
Janika Jones’ early morning jog round the park, and her interview on local TV, lead to unexpected danger. Meanwhile, her relationship with Toby Walton proceeds well, until he shares more of his past life. Janika is concerned there may be a side to Toby that she hadn’t suspected, and she starts to feel uneasy. An elderly lady is being targeted by a conman, and Janika perhaps unwisely tells the lady to hand over the money as evidence of a crime. Young Liam Donovan goes with Janika on a stakeout as mother and son, with Janika wearing a ginger wig to avoid suspicion. She assures Melanie the boy will be completely safe. But at the crucial moment, Liam decides he’s going to be a hero. And of course the celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika and Courtney Jacobs doesn’t go at all as planned. This is the fourth Button Up Detective Agency book featuring Janika Jones, and some characters from the Abi Button Cozy Mystery series of six books.

Cards Shards and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #5
A second attempt to hold the previously abandoned celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika, Toby, Courtney and Ollie ends once again in catastrophe. There are accusations all round, but who is innocent and who is being set up? Janika wants to help sort out the innocent from the guilty, because she’s about to be arrested for a crime she didn’t commit. And Courtney is suspended from the CID.
Amabelia Flores, who is opening a small flower shop just up the road from Button Up, is suspected of giving false evidence about Janika to the police. But why would she do that? What harm has Janika done to her? And when Janika looks into the florist’s background, she discovers a suspicious past ‒ or is there something important that she has yet to discover?
Janika and Courtney hold their own investigation into the accusations which are the subject of two separate police enquiries, and try to find the connection. Toby Walton? Fortunately for Janika, he’s still hanging in there ‒ for now. Then their investigation takes them all to the edge of disaster.

Phones Bones and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #6
Coming spring 2022
When Daisy Evans, a.k.a. Amabelia (Bella) Flores gets the result of a DNA test she has done in an attempt to discover her unknown father, things don’t work out well, and she risks losing her new florist business. Bella asks Janika Jones to investigate, and the result is something neither of them expected.
Janika is also investigating aliens who are apparently landing at night in the field behind Nigel Frampton’s house. Unsurprisingly, the police show no interest at all, so Nigel hires Janika to set up a surveillance camera. Janika has to hope no one finds out what she’s doing, or she will become a laughing stock. However, it turns out that the job is far from laughable, and there’s serious danger involved.
Piers Pillinger wants to make use of Janika’s photographic skills again, and assures her this is a perfectly straightforward job at his own home. Nothing can possibly go wrong ‒ and Janika believes him!
Toby Walton? Well....

<><><><>

White Tree Publishing publishes mainstream evangelical Christian literature in paperback and eBook formats, for people of all ages. We aim to make our eBooks available free for all eBook devices, but some distributors will only list our books free at their discretion, and may make a small charge for some titles ‒ but they are still great value!
We rely on our readers to tell their families, friends and churches about our books. Social media is a great way of doing this. Take a look at our range of fiction and non-fiction books and pass the word on. You can even contact your Christian TV or radio station to let them know about these books. Also, please write a positive review if you are able.
Check out our website to find over 200 fiction and non-fiction books, including a range of books for younger readers. The majority of our fiction books are Victorian romances carefully and lovingly edited and abridged for readers today.

https://whitetreepublishing.com

Return to Table of Contents
