Ghetto Cop: Sophomore Jinx
By Don Geidel
Copyright 2012 Don Geidel
Revised Nov 2014 Edition
Cover art by Laura Shinn

This is a work of fiction. Names, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Dedication
This book is dedicated to the men and women of the armed forces of the United States of America. Be proud of yourselves, for we are proud of you.

Acknowledgements
Thanks most of all to my wife, Doreen, for her help and encouragement. And to my brother Stan, for the same. A special thanks to Sergeant Matt Smith, NCPD, and Sergeant Randy Bishop, NCPD (Ret.). Any technical errors or exaggerations are my own, either through ignorance or for dramatic purposes.


“GHETTO”

“(noun) An impoverished, neglected, or otherwise disadvantaged residential area of a city, usually troubled by a disproportionately large amount of crime.”
-- The Urban Dictionary

So he starts to roam the streets at night
And he learns how to steal
And he learns how to fight
In the ghetto

-- Elvis Presley (In the Ghetto)

Chapter One

Officer Ben Olsen was back on the streets of National City, California for the first time after two months of vacation. That is, if you counted several weeks in the hospital and at home recovering from a gunshot wound as a vacation.
You’d think that the police dispatchers would cut him some slack, but that’s not the way it worked at the National City police department. When you radioed “10-8” it meant you were in service and available for radio calls, and whatever had happened yesterday was yesterday’s news.
The patrol car’s radio crackled to life. “121 John with 123 John to cover on a violent, possibly mentally disturbed man at the 7-11 store, 15 North Euclid Ave. The subject is described as a black male in his 30s, 6’7” tall, 350 pounds, wearing dark clothing. The reporting party states the subject is throwing trash cans around the parking lot and screaming.”
Ben’s radio call sign was “121 John.” Nobody would call him a small man. He was a 6’3” 235 pound muscular ex-Marine, but the guy the police dispatcher described was huge, and apparently very angry about something. “121 John, 10-4. Start a third unit if one is available.”
The dispatcher responded, “123 John and 125 Adam are enroute from Starbucks.” Officer Scott McFadden and Corporal Alberto Salazar had just pulled into the Starbucks parking lot when the call came out. Their coffee would have to wait.
Ben arrived at the 7-11 store and found the man in the process of tipping over a small car. He had two wheels off the ground and looked like he was going to finish the job when Ben’s Taser darts hit him, sending 50,000 volts of electricity surging through his body and locking up his muscles involuntarily. The big man dropped the car, but one of his arms came down across the Taser wires, pulling a dart free of his clothing and instantly stopping the electrical charge. The giant turned and focused all his rage on Ben. “Expedite the cover units,” he calmly radioed. There was no acknowledgement but he heard the police sirens start wailing as his cover units went code three and sped to his assistance.
Ben discarded the spent Taser cartridge and inserted a new one, never taking his eyes off the man in front of him. “Hey, guy, I’m a police officer. How about we talk about things? Want to tell me what you’re so angry about?” 
The man emitted a low, animal-like growl in response. He had a line of spittle running from one corner of his mouth and a facial tic that made it appear as if he was winking at Ben. Although his head was turned towards the police officer, his eyes kept shifting rapidly left and right, like he was watching a tennis match.
“123 John and 125 Adam on scene.” Both cover units had arrived. Corporal Salazar drew his pistol when he saw that Ben had a Taser in hand. To Officer McFadden he said, “Scott, draw your baton, I’ve got deadly force.” There were now three cops with three different weapons, up against one enraged mountain of a man. Ben still didn’t like the odds and figured at least one of the cops was going to get hurt. The big man was either mentally ill, high on drugs or both. People in that state are often impervious to pain. At the moment, it was a standoff. The giant kept looking at each cop in turn, as if trying to decide which of these three pesky mosquitoes he was going to swat first. He paid no attention whatsoever to Ben’s repeated orders to get on the ground. Berto’s orders in Spanish were similarly ignored.
Although only three units were officially assigned, every unoccupied cop in the city was on the way. They had all heard the man’s description, and pictured themselves up against him. They’d want all the help they could get, so they figured the guys on scene felt the same way. Until one of the officers radioed they had the man in custody the cavalry would keep on coming. There was strength in numbers. A person willing to fight two or three cops might feel differently if he saw six instead. 
Just as the fight appeared ready to kick off Officer Lelani Kekela arrived on scene. She was all of 5’4” tall and 110 pounds. The monstrous man saw Lani and was instantly transformed. “It’s the Jewish karate master!” he yelled, his voice quaking with fear. He actually began trembling.
Lani didn’t miss a beat. “Yes, I am. Lay down on the ground and put your hands behind your back right now or I will destroy you!” The huge man immediately obeyed.
Ben holstered his Taser and handcuffed the man, using two sets of cuffs hooked together due to his large size. He was barely able to get the cuffs locked around the thick-wristed behemoth. Once cuffed, the man meekly got to his feet and did not resist as Ben placed him in the back seat prisoner area of his patrol car. Salazar radioed they were code four - no longer in need of assistance - with one in custody, and everyone breathed a big sigh of relief.
“Holy cow, Lani, I had no idea you were a karate master,” said Ben admiringly.
Laughing, Lelani replied, “I’m not Ben, and I’m not Jewish either. Only in that poor sap’s mind. I’ve never seen him before in my life. Still, I saved all your asses. You boys will be buying the coffee for a while.


Chapter Two

Once he determined that the giant man was not high on drugs Ben drove him to the San Diego county mental health facility. Under California law, when a police officer determines that a person is a danger to himself or to others due to apparent mental illness that person can be confined for evaluation for not more than 72 hours at a mental health treatment facility. Once there, if the doctors feel it is necessary the person could be confined for up to two weeks. After that, it requires a court order to keep someone against their will. Since that rarely happened, Ben was virtually certain he would end up dealing with this monster again. It was not something he looked forward to.
After finishing the commitment paperwork and returning to National City he got himself a cup of coffee and took a few minutes to relax. His mind drifted, mentally reviewing the past year, his rookie year as a National City cop. He was a former Marine Corps officer, with three combat tours in Iraq behind him. When he left the Marines to become a police officer he thought that he would never again have a year as bad as his first year in the Marines. Back then he had slogged through the streets of Fallujah, once even fighting hand to hand in fierce urban combat. While his rookie year as a cop was not quite as bad, it had to be a close second. He had been stalked and framed by a fellow cop who was obsessed with his then girlfriend, Jackie. Fired as a result of the frame up, Ben and Jackie had decided to move back to Ben’s hometown of tiny Barron, Wisconsin and run the family farm. That was completely unacceptable to the infatuated officer, so Ben was shot and left for dead, and Jackie had been kidnapped. Only the intervention of Ben’s strangely talented friend Nacho saved his life and freed her.
He had been shot in late June, and spent nearly two weeks in the hospital. Ben and Jackie spoke for hours every day as he lay recovering in his hospital bed, making wedding plans and discussing baby names. Jackie had discovered she was pregnant right before he was shot. They decided to get married in Barron while he was still recuperating. Already nervous about how the people of Barron would react to an interracial marriage, Jackie decided it would be too much to let on that she was pregnant. After agonizing for days trying to find a wedding dress that hid her condition, she ultimately settled for her mother’s heirloom wedding dress. The nearly one hundred year old dress had been handmade for her great-grandmother and hid her “scandalous” condition quite well. The wedding was the event of the year in Barron. The town had not seen such excitement since a Jennie-O turkey truck overturned on Main Street, spilling a load of live turkeys that took hours to round up.
Barron is a typical small northwestern Wisconsin town. If you lived there, you were either a farmer or you worked for Jennie-O, the huge turkey conglomerate. They were Barron’s only major employer. The townspeople were all of Scandinavian heritage, so when Jackie and her African-American family and friends arrived it caused quite a stir. Ben knew his parents and his two older brothers would treat Jackie and her family well, but he had been secretly worried about some of the folks in town. As it turned out, everyone was friendly and accepting of his interracial marriage and Ben felt ashamed that he had doubted the good people of his hometown.
The wedding and reception that followed had not been without some drama and hilarity, however. The ceremony took place at Becker Park and virtually the entire town showed up. Of course, the population of Barron is so small that it still wasn’t too big a crowd. Ole Knutsen, an ordained minister and the father of one of Ben’s childhood friends, presided over the ceremony. Known to all as Reverend Ole, he was a no-nonsense, serious man of God. Ignacio (Nacho) Evangelista, Ben’s closest friend in San Diego and a fellow Iraq war veteran, was the best man. His old fashioned three-piece suit and snap brim fedora was thought of as rather odd for such a young man, but in fact his clothes were the least odd thing about him. His classic hat hid a horribly disfiguring head wound. Nearly one quarter of his brain and skull had been surgically removed, due to a wound he sustained in the Battle of Fallujah. Not only had he somehow survived, but the massive brain injury endowed him with bizarre paranormal abilities. He saw auras around people and animals, and was often able to read someone’s thoughts.
Ben’s brothers Tom and Phil were the groom’s men. Jeanette Sawyer, Jackie’s best friend, was the maid of honor, and her friend Kirsten Miller the bridesmaid. Ben’s mother and father and Jackie’s mother and live-in boyfriend were all there. Jackie’s older half-brother Rod, a National City police sergeant who had filled the role of her father for as long as she could remember, walked her down the aisle and gave her away.
The ceremony was brief, but prolonged a bit when Ben nervously fumbled the ring. A quick, sure handed former athlete, he tried to snatch it before it fell to the ground. Instead, he swatted it into the tall grass between the nearby trees. After much scowling by Reverend Ole, it was found by one of the flower girls, who ruined her beautiful new dress in the process.
There was a great round of applause and cheering when Ben and Jackie kissed to seal their vows. For most it was simply hearty congratulations, but, truth be told, a few of the older folks cried out in wonder and astonishment at seeing a white man kiss a black woman.
The reception took place outdoors at the Olsen family farm. There was plenty of food and drink for all, and a local band played mostly polkas. Nacho, a Hispanic man who grew up in southern California and Texas, complained the awful noise hurt his head. Ben, ever sensitive of his friend’s horrific head wound, was about to tell the band to stop when Nacho assured him that he was just kidding.
 After speaking with Ben, Nacho sought out his father, Bruce Olsen, who was still undergoing chemotherapy after surgery for stage three colon cancer. Nacho could tell from his dark yellow aura that he was very seriously ill and probably did not have long to live. As they were talking he saw that Bruce knew he would die soon. In a flash of understanding, Bruce realized that Nacho somehow knew his secret. He took him by the arm and led him away where they could talk privately. Without preamble he said, “I couldn’t handle the chemo, so I stopped doing it after a few sessions, and the cancer spread to my liver. The doctors say I have a few months or so, maybe a year at most. I’d rather have a few months feeling relatively good without chemo than a year feeling lousy before I die anyway. Nobody knows, Nacho, but you do, don’t you? Ben told me about you, how you saved him and Jackie.”
“I know you’re sick, Mr. Olsen, but no one, not even the doctors, can say for sure when your time will come. That’s God’s business, and no one else’s.”
The once burly farmer said, “You don’t have to spare my feelings, son. I’ve made my peace with it already. Just do me a big favor and don’t tell anyone else. I’ll let folks know when the time is right.”
They walked together back to the crowd of happy people milling around the food and drink tables, Bruce quite content and Nacho pensive.
When Nacho found Ben he and Jackie’s half-brother Rod were having an animated conversation with two uniformed Barron police officers. Ben said, “Hey, buddy, come say hello to two of Barron’s finest. This is Nick Clausen and Egg Johansen. Guys, this is my best friend Nacho Evangelista.” Nacho shook hands with the two young men. “I don’t go by Egg anymore, Ben. That was just a stupid kid’s name.”
“Oh, sorry, Eggert, I didn’t know.”
“Actually, I go by my middle name, now. Thor.” He puffed out his chest when he said it.
Ben looked at the scrawny little twenty one year old, who still had a face full of acne pimples and no sign yet of facial hair. He thought how ridiculous the name Thor was for him. Although he kept that thought to himself, his derision was plain on his face, and the young cop saw it.
Irritated, Thor said, “So Ben, we’re out here to make sure you guys don’t get out of control. I see a lot of folks drinking alcohol.”
Ben replied, “You can’t be serious? It’s a wedding reception. Of course, the guests are drinking. Nick said you guys stopped by to get some food. Did someone make a complaint?”
Nick, a level-headed officer who much preferred negotiation over confrontation, was chagrined. “No, Ben. Who would complain? Your nearest neighbors live a full mile away. Besides, they’re all here anyway. Come on, Thor. Let’s get some food and take off.”
Thor was on a roll, though. “Okay, we came out here for the food, but now I see that this party might be in violation of our town’s noise ordinance. Just because you guys are la-di-dah big city California cops doesn’t mean you can get away with stuff here.”
Now Ben was getting angry. Nacho laid a gentle hand on his arm. “Ben, you and Rod go back to your friends and family. I’ll take care of this.” Seeing the twinkle in Nacho’s eye, Ben wanted to stay and see the fun, but he and Rod dutifully walked away.
Thor was upset that Ben and Rod just walked away from him, and he decided to take it out on Nacho. “You’ll take care of it, huh?” What’d you say your name was again? Nerdo?”
Nacho smiled at the cocksure young man, who was just a small town bully with a badge. His partner Nick was obviously accustomed to his behavior, but not comfortable with it. “My name is Ignacio, but my friends call me Nacho, Egg.”
Thor sneered. “Nacho’s a stupid name, and I’m not your friend. How about I call you Iggy instead? Like Iggy Piggy? And you can call me Officer Johansen.”
Hardened by his former life on the streets and his combat experiences, it took all of Nacho’s self-restraint not to laugh in his face. “Hey, Iggy’s cool, too. But you know, for somebody named Egg, you’re getting pretty froggy about names.”
Thor was really getting worked up now, just as Nacho intended. “I told you, city boy, I go by my middle name - Thor.”
Nacho sprung his trap. Having looked into Thor’s mind, he said, “Actually, your middle name is Gandalf, after your grandfather. You found the name Thor in a comic book.”
Nick Clausen burst out laughing. “Gandalf? Holy shit! Gandalf? And you still read comic books?” It was so amusing Nick never stopped to wonder how Nacho could know his partner’s secrets.
Thor’s face was beet red, and he was seeing red as well. He was reaching for his police baton when Nick stopped him. “That’s enough for today, Egg. We’ll grab some food at the Dairy Queen.” To Nacho he said, “Tell Ben congratulations for us, Nacho, and give him my apologies for interrupting his big day.”
He turned to leave, but saw that Egg was still staring daggers at Nacho. “Egg! Thor! Whatever. God damn it, stop being an asshole and let’s go.” He grabbed Egg by the elbow, and the angry young cop jerked his arm away so fast he lost his balance. His right foot found the center of a cow patty and he fell down hard, landing squarely in the still moist pile of cow shit. Nacho tried mightily not to laugh out loud, but a few muffled guffaws escaped his lips as he walked away.
 While Nacho was having fun with Egg, Jackie was talking with Ben’s aunt, Marilyn Petersen. “Such a lovely dress, my dear. I bet it cost a pretty penny back in the day.”
“I’m sure it did,” Jackie replied. “I know it was handmade for my grandmother. I wish I knew more about it. I wore it because it’s so lovely, and to honor her memory.”
Mrs. Petersen smiled mischievously. “I bet you wore it for another reason, too. How far along are you?”
Jackie was embarrassed. “Oh my gosh! Does it show? Is it that obvious?”
“No, dear, it doesn’t show at all. I can tell from your face. You’re practically glowing. Much more so than just a girl on her wedding day. And as skinny as you are, the way you’re packing away that food, I know you’re eating for two. Don’t worry, though, your secret’s safe with me.”
Not for the first time, Jackie shook her head and wondered if it wasn’t just Nacho who could see auras.

------

Ben was still under doctor’s orders to take it easy, and with Jackie pregnant, neither of them was up for a strenuous honeymoon. They decided to spend a few days in Door County, Wisconsin, in an area known as the Wisconsin Dells.
The Dells are famous for the incredible rock formations formed by the Wisconsin River as it winds its way through the area. They stayed at a rustic bed and breakfast overlooking Devil’s Lake, and took long, leisurely walks along the river and through the nearby forests. Several scenic river trips, including one on an amphibious “duck,” rounded out their time there. Although the Dells area is also known as the “waterpark capitol of the world,” they skipped the physically taxing amusement parks entirely.
All too soon their time in nature’s paradise was over. They flew back to San Diego, lamenting their short honeymoon, but secretly eager to be working again. Jackie had accepted a position teaching kindergarten at Ira Harbison Elementary School in National City. A largely Hispanic city of 55,000 people, it’s the poorest city in San Diego County and has the highest crime rate. Ben was not happy about Jackie working there, but it was the only offer that came her way. Besides, as she laughingly told Ben, “I know some cops there. I’ll be okay.”
Although they both worked in National City, Ben and Jackie lived in a rented house in Pacific Beach, a small beach town about thirty minutes away. They loved the beach and the beach town atmosphere. With two incomes now they were looking forward to buying a house of their own in the near future.
Ben’s graveyard shift patrol squad had been working weekends, Friday through Monday, when he had been shot. Just after the 4th of July all the patrol squads switched work days, so now his squad worked Tuesday through Friday and had Sat-Sun-Mon off. Having weekends off allowed Ben to spend some quality time with Jackie.
Wednesday morning at the end of his shift Ben stood at attention in front of the chief of police. The rest of his patrol squad stood in ranks behind him, along with his wife Jackie and her brother Rod. It was too early for anyone else to be present and the day shift guys were already on the streets. The chief awarded Ben the medal of valor, the highest award an officer could receive. According to the award citation, it was for Ben’s actions in two separate events. The first incident involved a car chase and foot pursuit that ended with Ben in the hospital with a concussion and the NCPD SWAT team storming the house where Ben’s suspect had fled. The SWAT team arrested a brother and sister who were major players in a Mexican drug cartel. The second incident was a routine traffic stop in which Ben discovered fifty kilos of pure cocaine.
In reality, those two incidents were only part of the reason that Ben received the award. The unofficial reason was that Ben had survived being framed, stalked, and shot by an insanely jealous National City police officer. The mentally unbalanced cop was now in custody and no longer in uniform.
After the ceremony Jackie gave Ben a quick hug and kiss and hurried off to her job as a school teacher at Ira Harbison Elementary School. Rod was on his days off, his dayshift patrol squad was working weekends now. “Ben, I know you probably want to go home and get some sleep, but can you spare a few minutes for me?” asked Rod.
“Sure, Sarge.” Ben was always careful to call his brother-in-law by his rank when they were at work.
“I was just wondering how Jackie and the baby are doing. With her getting ready for the school year to start and me working weekends we seldom see each other now.”
Ben smiled. Rod was ten years older than Jackie and had filled the role of her father since she was a baby. “Well, we haven’t decided if we want to know the sex of the baby. She’s scheduled for a sonogram in two months, so we’ve got some time to argue it out. Jackie wants to know the sex so she can shop for clothes and baby items early. I guess I’m just old fashioned; I want to be surprised when the baby is born. And you know already that she decided to name the baby Ygnacio if it’s a boy, and Beatrice, after your mother, if it’s a girl. Somehow I didn’t get a vote in any of that, but that’s okay, I just want a healthy child.
“Ever since Nacho saved us from that whack-job cop and proved to Jackie that he really does have paranormal abilities, she’s been living on the internet, researching Synesthesia, ESP and auras. She used to be a skeptic but now she’s like one of those agents on the old X Files TV show. She’s already asked Nacho to try to communicate with Iggy, or Bea, whichever it turns out to be.”
Rod was chuckling. “I know how she feels. If I hadn’t seen Nacho in action I wouldn’t believe it myself.”
Ben went on, “Anyway, I got sidetracked. The baby’s fine. Jackie had a checkup a few days ago. Oh yeah, and Nacho says the baby is fine, for what it’s worth. He says Jackie has a double aura now, and both are glowing brightly.”


Chapter Three

School had been in session for two weeks. Like nearly all police departments in America since the Columbine massacre and other school shootings, including one at Santana High School in San Diego County, the National City police department has a few officers assigned exclusively to the school campuses. Officially called School Resource Officers, everyone refers to them simply as school cops. Two officers are assigned to the high school and two to the junior high and middle school. A single officer is assigned to rotate between all ten elementary schools, so she is seldom seen on any one campus.
As the most junior officer in the entire police department, Ben was assigned to patrol beat 1, the busiest beat of the four in the city. Ira Harbison Elementary happened to be located on beat 1, so Ben needed no excuse to be there at the tail end of his 9:00 PM to 7:00 AM shift each day, if he was not otherwise occupied. Kindergarten started at 8:15 AM, and Jackie usually arrived around 7:30 AM, so he wasn’t able to see her, but he hoped the presence of a marked police car in the parking lot might have some deterrent effect on any early morning criminals. Ben was not at all happy about Jackie teaching in National City, but if she had to, at least she was teaching kiddies and not high school students.
Ben made it a point to get to know Susan Wright, the school cop assigned to the elementary schools. Because of that, and because Jackie’s brother was an NCPD sergeant, Susan spent a little more time at Ira Harbison. Rod worked Friday through Monday, and he made it his routine to swing by Ira Harbison on school days, usually at about 3:00 PM, when Jackie would be leaving for the day. She was probably the safest teacher in the whole city.
So far, with two weeks of school behind her, Jackie loved teaching kindergarten. Her bachelor’s degree in early childhood education helped tremendously, but her grand ideas of what and how she would teach had already fallen by the wayside. As Ben could have told her, no plan survives first contact with the enemy. Jackie’s principal was very supportive of her, and she would never think of her students as the enemy, but she was already coming to understand that some of the parents might be categorized that way. It was the objections of several parents that forced Nacho to leave her classroom.
Most of the kindergarten teachers in the district were assisted by volunteer teacher’s aides, usually a parent of one of the students. With thirty one children in her all day class, Jackie could certainly use the help. She had initially counted on Nacho to help her. Nacho was still unemployed, having been fired from his last job after he relapsed into an alcoholic binge. Sober again, he was living with Ben and Jackie for the time being. The school principal had to approve all teachers’ aides, and she never would have okayed an alcoholic, brain damaged war veteran if not for Jackie, Ben, and Rod all vouching for his integrity and stability.
Nacho was an instant hit with the kids, even after a child pulled off the big floppy hat he wore to hide his grotesquely misshapen head. Jackie had feared the kids would panic at the sight of Nacho’s head, but they didn’t, nor did they make fun of him. Nacho just seemed to have a special rapport with children and animals. It was another mysterious facet of the peculiar abilities he acquired after being wounded.
Born in Colombia, Ygnacio Evangelista, known since childhood as Nacho, came to National City at the age of two, when his parents snuck across the border into the United States. Thirteen years later his parents were deported back to Colombia, but Nacho chose to stay in America, eventually joining the U.S. Army, where he earned his citizenship. After miraculously surviving a horrific head wound that resulted in the surgical removal of twenty five percent of his brain, he was diagnosed with Synesthesia, a rare and poorly understood brain disorder. He soon found that he also possessed unusual mental abilities. He was able to see auras, discerning if someone was healthy or ill, and whether they were morally good, bad, or in-between. Nearly everyone fell into the in-between category, although a rare few were nearly angels, and some were almost pure evil. He was also able to sometimes sense the thoughts of people, and it was that ability that had saved Ben and Jackie’s lives.
With Nacho assisting her, Jackie’s kindergarten class was always well behaved and attentive. A native Spanish speaker, he was invaluable, since over half the children in the class spoke Spanish at home and were not fluent in English. In the second week of school a parent got a look at Nacho’s head and freaked out, convinced that someone so badly disfigured should not be allowed around children. She went to the principal, who assured her that not only was Nacho okay, but that the kids adored him. Unsatisfied, she complained to the district officials who, under the threat of a lawsuit, told the principal Nacho had to go. Jackie was incensed such blatant prejudice was tolerated, and she felt bad for Nacho. He took it in stride, however, and set out to find a job somewhere.

Chapter Four

Sergeant Howard had just concluded the pre-shift briefing. It had run longer than usual since it was Tuesday night and Ben’s squad had been off duty for three days. The briefing brought them up to speed on everything that had happened in their absence. As the sergeant spoke, Ben glanced around the room at his squad mates. Corporal Alberto Salazar was his closest friend on the squad. Berto, as he preferred to be called, had been one of Ben’s field training officers during his rookie year. He was a highly motivated and dedicated cop. Lelani Kekela was the beat 2 officer. Ben continued to be impressed with her after she had saved him some lumps a few weeks back, and he was happy to buy her coffee until she said the debt was paid. Scott McFadden, the beat 3 officer, was okay. He was a friend of Hopkins, and as such, he pretty much ignored Ben. Wayne Hopkins was the senior patrolman, or “slick sleever” on the squad. He harbored an intense dislike for Ben, who returned the feeling. Hopkins had made Ben’s life miserable during his rookie year, going way overboard with rookie hazing pranks. There was something off about him that Ben could not quite put his finger on. Hopkins had beat 4, the quietest beat in the city, by virtue of his seniority. By his own choice he had been assigned to graveyard shift for years. They had not spoken since Ben returned to duty from convalescent leave.
Hopkins broke his silence as they were leaving the briefing room to load up their patrol cars. “Hey Olsen, you ever hear of the sophomore jinx?”
Sergeant Howard overhead and interjected, “Can that shit, Hopkins. Go hit the streets. Dispatch is holding calls for us.”
Down in the underground parking garage Ben loaded his patrol car with the usual tons of gear every patrol cop needed. He was about to drive out to the streets when he saw that Hopkins was still loading up his car. His curiosity overcame his better judgment and he walked over to the veteran cop. “All right, Hopkins, I’ll bite. What’s the sophomore jinx?”
Hopkins grinned like a fisherman who just hooked a big one. “Only two other National City cops before you were ever awarded the medal of valor as rookies. But they actually did something to deserve it, unlike you. Anyway, the first one, back in 1966, was killed in a shootout the next year. The second one, in 1988, was on a traffic stop when he was struck and killed by a drunk driver, also in his second year. So, about every twenty years a rookie gets the big medal and then gets himself killed the following year. I just thought you might find it of historical interest, you being such a hoity-toity college boy and all.” The overweight patrolman walked away, laughing to himself.

------

As Ben was patrolling his beat a meeting was taking place thirty miles to the south of National City, in Rosarito Beach, Mexico. Police officers stood guard at the doors of the expansive, lavishly appointed beach house, and at various strategic positions around the heavily fortified compound. There was even a boat full of armed men patrolling just offshore. Ironically, the men being protected by the police officers were the bosses of the Rosarito drug cartel, and the crooked officers were on their payroll.
Vicente “El Gato” Gonzales sat at the head of the long table, which had been imported from Nicaragua and was made of the world’s finest Cocobolo rosewood. He was the undisputed boss of the cartel, and had already made his decision. There would be a lot of discussion, maybe even some heated arguments amongst his lieutenants, but in the end they would see which way El Gato was leaning, and they would side with him. They always did.
El Gato’s chief lieutenant, Jesus “Chuey” Marquez, opened the meeting. “We are here tonight to discuss the situation in National City. As you all know, our main distributors for San Diego County, Julia Amador and her brother Marcello, are in jail, and many of their street dealers were arrested soon after they were. Their entire distribution and selling network has been compromised and shut down. One police officer, Benjamin Olsen of the National City police, was responsible for their arrest. That same officer later somehow intercepted one of our fifty kilo shipments as it was passing through National City. The loss of the cocaine, while irritating, is minor. The loss of the Amadors has hurt us. It will take some time to reestablish a distribution network of the caliber and complexity they had. In the meantime, our competitors are taking over some of our markets, and even using some of our former dealers. That is unacceptable.” Chuey paused to take another long drag of his expensive Cuban cigar, exhaling a cloud of blue smoke into the already murky atmosphere.
“This man Olsen has hit us twice, made us look weak, and cost us a significant amount of money. To gain back the respect of our competitors and customers we must make an example of him. I propose that we kill Benjamin Olsen and make it known who did it, and why.”
Several of the men started talking at once, then fell silent at a hand gesture from El Gato, who nodded at Gonzalo Valenzuela. “Jefe, we must not do this. There is too much heat from killing a police officer. Here in Mexico it’s an everyday thing, but it’s still a big deal in the north. If we kill him the authorities will never rest until they hunt us down. It is not worth it.” Many of the men at the table nodded in agreement, taking sips of their fine tequila.
El Gato turned to Marquez. “Gonzalo makes good sense, Chuey.”
Marquez defended his position. “Jefe, we live and die by our reputation. This Olsen has the other cartels laughing at us. We’re just starting to expand our markets in Los Angeles and San Francisco. Before we can do that we must consolidate our position in San Diego. We are in business, and this makes good business sense.”
Valenzuela peered at Marquez through the haze of smoke and spoke again. “No one is arguing with your assessment, Chuey. After all, you are a business school graduate. But there must be another way to regain our market share. If we kill an American cop we upset the status quo, and nothing will be the same after that.”
“I believe I have a reasonable solution, Jefe.” Roberto Castillo surprised everyone. One of the more junior members of the inner circle, he normally never spoke at these meetings. “We should reach out to our brothers in the Varrio Posada street gang in National City. I spent years in V.P. and I’m respected as a veterano. We can arrange to have one of their members kill Olsen. A street gang member killing a cop is not that unusual and will not draw attention to us. We will get the word to our competitors that we are behind it, without alerting the authorities. It will restore our standing and show everyone we are not afraid to take on the police, or anyone else who dares to interrupt our business.”
Again, many of the heads around the table were nodding in agreement. El Gato gestured to Gonzalo, who was shaking his head no. “I still don’t like it, jefe. Too many things can go wrong. I say no.”
El Gato stared intently at Castillo, measuring his sincerity. “Roberto, are you sure you can trust your old friends to do the job?”
“I would trust them with my life, jefe.”
You just did, El Gato thought. You just did. “It is done, then. Roberto, go to National City and tell Varrio Posada they have a green light to kill Officer Benjamin Olsen.”

Chapter Five

Ben and Corporal Alberto Salazar were enjoying some coffee at a 7-11 store. It was 3:00 AM. “Berto, have you ever heard of the sophomore jinx?”
“Yeah, they tell that story to every rookie when he starts his second year. I guess it’s a way to get one more shot at hazing you. Did somebody tell you about it? Wait, it was Hopkins, wasn’t it?”
Ben chuckled. “Yep, it sure was. Is there any truth to the story?”
“Yeah, actually there is. The only two cops that ever died here in the line of duty died in their second year after winning the medal of valor. That was way back in the day, Ben. It doesn’t mean a thing.”
“Uff da. Still, it is kind of spooky,” said Ben.
“Oof duh? What the hell is that?”
Ben laughed. “Uff da. It‘s an old Norwegian saying. It’s kind of hard to explain what it means.”
 Bert frowned. “Whatever. If thinking about the sophomore jinx helps you keep your head on a swivel then it’s not a bad thing. Truthfully, I’m the guy who should be worried, not you. I’m in my seventh year as a cop. They call it the seven year itch. Nationwide, statistics show more cops are killed in the line of duty in their seventh year than any other year. The shrinks think it has to do with cops getting complacent and lazy.”
Ben smiled. “That ain’t you, brother. You’re like the energizer bunny.”
They were interrupted by the squawk of their police radios. “San Diego PD dispatch with a port runner. All units be advised of a port runner. A 2007 Cadillac Escalade, white in color, Texas license plate R17WBX. Northbound Interstate 5 from the San Ysidro port of entry. San Diego PD dispatch clear.”
Ben asked, “Was that on the mutual aid channel? What’s it mean?”
Berto explained, “The Escalade went through the Mexican border crossing at San Ysidro without stopping for the customs agents. Per their policy the feds don’t chase them. Instead, they call San Diego PD, who announces it to all the state and local law enforcement agencies in the county. Most of the time nobody finds them, or even bothers to look for the car.”
Ben was stupefied and outraged. “Are you kidding me? They practically strip search elderly nuns at the airport but the federal government doesn’t even chase a car that blows across the border? What if it’s filled with terrorists? Or explosives? Or dope? Shouldn’t that concern the federal government? Doesn’t anyone remember September 11th, 2001?”
Berto was shaking his head sadly. “Ben, think about it a minute. We have almost 2,000 miles of border with Mexico and only a couple of hundred miles of real fence. The vast majority of the border is not patrolled by anyone. With that in mind, why would the feds get upset about one car not stopping?”
Now it was Ben’s turn to shake his head. “Sometimes I think our government is insane.”
“I’ll have to uff da right back at ya on that one, Ben.”

------

Unlike the port runner, Roberto Castillo had no drama getting across the border from Mexico into the U.S. He was an American citizen by birth. Ten minutes after crossing the border he was in National City, where he grew up. As he walked into his old apartment complex a half dozen sets of eyes were tracking him, and a few guns as well. Roberto was a forty year old ex-con, and he had the tattoos, scars and swagger to prove it. It had been years since he was in National City and none of the young gang members watching him knew who he was. He was either an old friend or a new enemy. Two gangsters walked out of a doorway towards him. Roberto immediately flashed the V.P. hand sign and the two relaxed. “What’s up, homes? You from the ’hood?”
Roberto smiled and pointed at an old single story house. “I used to live right over there, my man. Got jumped in before you youngsters were born.” He proudly displayed several Varrio Posada tattoos that were faded to near invisibility.
After handshakes all around Roberto asked if Manuel Hernandez was still around. “Big Manny? Yeah, he’s around. Who’s asking?”
Roberto replied, “Tell him Flaco is back.”
Flaco and Big Manny spent hours getting caught up on things as they downed a case of ice cold beer. When they finally ran out of things to say they were both quite drunk. Roberto told Manny the reason for his visit. “This cop Ben Olsen needs to die. El Gato has given the green light. You get this done for us and we’ll give you the dope distribution business for the whole county. The cops can’t know that it’s coming from El Gato, it has to look like it was just one of your boys getting froggy.”
Big Manny was thoughtful. “You know it’s gonna bring serious heat on V.P. The cops won’t stop until they get the shooter.”
Flaco nodded. “Get one of the young bucks to do it. He’ll end up in the juvenile system and be back in the ’hood when he turns 25 years old. You know the law as well as I do. Even if an adult does it, he might get life, but he’ll be living large in the pen. Cop killers are heroes there.”
Manny thought of the thousands of dollars a month that he and his homeboys took in through their various illegal operations - small time dope dealing, some prostitution, extortion, burglaries and street robberies. It was chump change compared to the millions he would make as a major distributor for the cartel. “OK, Flaco. We’ll hit him for you.”

Chapter Six

Sergeant Scott Vancamp was not happy. He was the head of the National City PD Gang Enforcement Team, known by the cops and gangsters alike as GET. His team consisted of only three officers besides himself. They were badly outnumbered by the hundreds of gangsters living in the city.
Word on the street was that Varrio Posada had a green light to kill Ben Olsen. It was probably bullshit, but he couldn’t take the chance. After discussing it with the chief, Vancamp called the San Diego district attorney’s office and told his counterpart there of the word.
Detective Matt Rigley, the lead gang investigator for the district attorney, was not impressed. “Scott, I know you’re upset about this, but we hear this kind of thing about some cop at least once a month. It’s always bullshit, just some bangers blowing smoke and acting tough to impress their ladies or their rivals.”
Vancamp had expected this argument. “And if it’s true? NCPD doesn’t have the resources to protect him or his wife. He lives in Pacific Beach. And your budget is ten times ours.” Vancamp was trying to act pissed off, but in truth, he knew Rigley was right.
“Hold on. You said the green light was on him, not his wife, or did I misunderstand you?”
“If they try to hit him at his house his wife is going to be in the line of fire.”
“Scott, have you ever known V.P. to be active in Pacific Beach? They’re all about protecting their neighborhood. They’re not going to go there. The dumb asses probably couldn’t find it even with a map.”
“I discussed it with the chief, Matt. I’m officially asking.”
Now Ridley was peeved. “Okay. I’ll log it in to make it official. And I’m officially denying your request. Have a nice day.”

Ben got the word from Sergeant Howard in his office before the pre-shift briefing. At the briefing he told the whole squad. The news had a chilling effect on Ben’s squad mates. Even Hopkins looked concerned. Sergeant Howard told them, “All the other patrol squads will be briefed on this. The gang guys will be working it hard, along with whatever detectives can be spared. Everyone needs to be on their toes. Be especially alert for surveillance around the police station. Olsen is never to be left alone. I want at least one other officer with him at all times until further notice, unless it‘s absolutely unavoidable. Hopkins, McFadden, you guys hear me on this?”
Both of them nodded grudgingly. They were notorious for disappearing during the shift for hours on end. Lelani asked the obvious question. “What’s he gonna do on his days off? And to and from work?”
Sergeant Howard growled out, “He’s on his own. The DA’s office doesn’t think the threat is real.”
Later that night, Ben and a cover unit were dispatched to a report of a fight in an apartment complex known to be the home of several gangsters. As they were enroute Sergeant Howard told dispatch to send an additional unit for safety. It was totally unnecessary - every patrol cop in the city from both the swing shift and the graveyard shift was already on the way. When the units arrived there was no sign of anyone fighting, but the arrival of ten patrol units sent a clear message to the gangsters: it was game on.
Over the next several days every call that might involve a gangster got a multi-unit response. Gang members were arrested for the slightest infractions of the law, and oddly enough, nearly all of them “resisted arrest” and force was necessary to subdue them. At least that was what the arrest reports said.

Ben and Jackie had a long talk about the possible threat to kill him. Jackie took it surprisingly calmly. “Five or six years ago there was a similar threat against Rod. It turned out to be nothing. I don’t like it, Ben, but it’s a fact of life for a police officer. Every person you ever arrested, and their families, is a potential threat to you, not to mention some whack job who just plain hates cops. We have to live our lives.”
Ben smiled to himself. It was nearly the same thing he had been planning to say to Jackie. God, he loved this woman!

------

Arturo “Sleepy” Garcia was fifteen years old and not yet a full-fledged member of Varrio Posada. He was called Sleepy because he was as hyperactive as a bumblebee. That probably had something to do with the large amounts of methamphetamine he consumed on a daily basis.
Like all Hispanic street gangs, Varrio Posada didn’t really have an official boss or leadership council. Members with years in the gang got more respect than those with less. Gangsters who had served time in prison got more respect than those who had not. Those who had killed for the neighborhood got the most respect of all. Sleepy decided that by killing Ben Olsen he would not only gain immediate full membership in the gang, but he would also achieve equality with the highly respected veteranos.
The gang had spread the word of Olsen’s description and the shift he worked. It was also obvious NCPD was alerted to the threat against Ben. The cops seemed to be everywhere, all the time, and mostly in groups. They were jacking up every gangster they saw, and using a lot more force than usual. As hyper-alert as they were, with all their guns, radios and other toys, it would be very hard to kill Olsen when he was on duty. Sleepy decided to kill him when he was off duty.
On a Tuesday night he found a good hiding spot near the police underground parking garage exits and waited for the graveyard officers to roll out. The garage was brightly lighted and each officer was clearly visible for a few seconds as they drove out. He spotted Ben easily. Now that he knew exactly what the cop looked like, Sleepy was one step closer to his goal.

------

Alex “Red” Flores was nineteen years old and had been a member of Varrio Posada for three years. His nickname resulted from his flaming red hair. Nobody in his family had red hair and they had no idea who he might have inherited it from.
He was sitting in his cousin’s car in the AM/PM parking lot on Roosevelt Avenue at 7:15 AM, waiting for Ben Olsen to drive by in his black Jeep Cherokee. At least that was what his fellow gang members had told him Ben drove. He thought he would follow him home and find out where he lived. Maybe if he got lucky he would kill him this morning. Just in case the opportunity presented itself, Red had a nine millimeter semi-auto pistol stashed under the driver’s seat.
At 7:25 AM Ben drove by in his Cherokee and headed for the Interstate 5 northbound entrance ramp. Red had assumed that Ben did not live in National City and correctly guessed that he would use Interstate 5 on his way home. Red did not have a driver’s license and seldom drove, so he was unprepared for the huge morning commuter traffic jam at the intersection of Roosevelt Avenue and West 8th Street. Ben was up the ramp and waiting at the freeway entrance light as Red tried to muscle his way out of the parking lot and into the solid line of cars. No driver was willing to let him into the stream, and his honking horn only made them close up the gaps between cars even more tightly. By the time he got through two cycles of the traffic light the black Cherokee was long gone.
The next morning, at 7:15 AM, Red was waiting on the opposite corner of the intersection. Once Ben drove past him he would slip in a car or two behind him, thus ensuring they both got on the freeway together. After waiting an hour without seeing him, he gave up and drove away. He could not know that Ben was following the suggestions of the gang unit and varying his routes to and from work. Additionally, he carried a police portable radio with him and wore his bullet proof vest under his civilian clothes. His off duty pistol was ready for immediate action, tucked in a soft holster beneath his right leg. This wasn’t the first time an officer’s life had been threatened. NCPD had a protocol for virtually everything.

------

Danny “Pelon” Aranda used to have a driver’s license, but it was suspended after he racked up four speeding tickets in two months’ time, and he had never bothered to get it back. At 8:00 PM he parked his uncle’s car in the 1300 block of National City Boulevard and hoped that Ben would drive past him on his way into work. He had a “street sweeper” 12 gauge shotgun on the floor of his car. If Olsen came by he would simply stick the gun out his open window and blast away.
At 8:30 PM Officer Carlos DelaCruz rolled his marked patrol car slowly around the block that held the National City police station. Since the threat against Ben, at least one patrol unit was assigned to the area of the station for the hour or so before and after each shift change. Carlos spotted Pelon immediately. Although he did not recognize him personally, his shaved head and white “wife beater” tank top shirt were strong indicators he might be a gang member. Carlos had dispatch run the license plate, which came back to a National City address. On his second trip around the block Carlos intentionally stared hard at Pelon to let him know he was being watched. As expected, he got nervous, started his car, and slowly drove away.
DelaCruz radioed, “422 John to 424 John, he’s rolling your way. He’s not wearing a seat belt, so that’s your probable cause to stop him. I’ll be with you as soon as I can get turned around.”
  Leslie “Horse” Hougardy, the swing shift beat 4 officer, was waiting around the corner, having been alerted via car to car computer instant messaging when Carlos first spotted the possible gangster. Instant messaging was quick and easy if you were not driving, and unlike the police radios, no one could listen in.
As Pelon went past him, Hougardy turned on his police lights and tapped his siren. Knowing there was no way he could hide the big street sweeper shotgun, the gangster hit the gas and the chase was on. “424 John in pursuit of a 1998 Ford Fiesta, red in color. It’s the plate you just ran, dispatch.”
DelaCruz chimed in, “422 John, I’m number two. I’ll call it.” The officer in the number two car in the pursuit radioed the progress so the cop in the first car could concentrate on driving.
Other patrol units were racing each other to be the third and final car in the pursuit. National City PD policy limited vehicle pursuits to three patrol cars. Most cops loved pursuits and always felt cheated if one occurred on their shift and they missed out on it.
“422 John the suspect is turning southbound on W.8th Street from National City Boulevard, speed about fifty.”
Traffic was very light at this time of night and the officers were close behind as Pelon roared west on 8th Street.
Carlos figured the suspect would jump on Interstate 5. There were entrance ramps for both north and southbound directions. The fleeing gangster floored it on 8th Street and was quickly up to seventy MPH. He was going to take the southbound ramp and head down towards the Mexican border. As he passed beneath the interstate a semi-tractor trailer truck coming towards him eastbound started a slow right turn onto the southbound freeway ramp. There was no way Pelon could get on the ramp with the truck and trailer blocking his turn. He made a snap decision to instead turn right and go north on the southbound exit ramp. It would result in his getting on the freeway in the wrong direction, but he would deal with that. He knew the cops would not dare follow him the wrong way.
“422 John, we’re past the I5 northbound ramp. Speed 70. Okay, he’s turning north on the southbound ramp! North on the southbound ramp. Standby, he’s gonna crash. He’s not gonna make it.”
Pelon turned right onto the southbound ramp at about 70 MPH. His right front tire caught the curb and went airborne. The abrupt turn at such a high speed did the rest and the car rolled over sideways into the ice plant on the shoulder of the ramp. Not wearing his seat belt, the gangster was thrown up against the roof of the car. As it rolled back upright the centrifugal force threw his upper body out the open driver’s side window. When the car started its second roll Pelon’s head was caught between the door frame and the ground, popping his skull like an egg and crushing it flat. On the backside of the roll his now essentially headless body was completely ejected from the car, which made two more circuits, then came to a stop on its tires.
For Horse and Carlos, it was like watching a Hollywood action movie, except this was real and there was no slow motion replay. Although Carlos was not disturbed by the incident, the vision of Pelon’s headless body flying through the air would replay over and over in Horse’s nightmares for years to come.

Chapter Seven

The last time Sergeant Vancamp called the San Diego district attorney’s office to ask a favor, he pretended to be angry when he was turned down. He didn’t have to fake it this time - he was steaming mad. “Matt, what’s it gonna take to convince you this threat is real, a cop’s dead body?”
“Scott, I don’t see that anything has changed.”
“You can’t be fucking serious! A documented Varrio Posada gangster was parked near the station with a loaded street sweeper waiting for Olsen to come to work. You’ve seen the report.”
“Yes, I did. That whole area is V.P. territory. You can’t know he was targeting Olsen. He could have a dozen different reasons for being there. And if he was there for Olsen, your security patrol did its job. It sounds to me like you’ve got everything under control.”
The only thing that kept Vancamp from slamming the phone down was the fact that he would have to work with Matt Ridley and the district attorney’s office for years to come, and he was professional enough not to burn his bridges.

------

Fridays were “barrel days” for the graveyard shift, the one day per week when both the weekday and weekend squads were on duty at the same time. Along with the swing shift, it meant a whole bunch of cops were on the streets every Friday night. On this particular night, reserve officer Leonard Rabel was riding with Ben. Reserve police officers are a strange breed. They have all the same training and authority as a regular officer, but are unpaid volunteers. Many of them eventually get hired as regular officers, but some choose to remain as reserves, content with their day jobs and being part time cops. Rabel had been a reserve officer nearly as long as Ben had been alive.
Right before leaving the station Ben had checked his computer screen and saw that no calls for service were holding, so he drove immediately to Starbucks for coffee. After getting coffee he drove to one of his favorite hide spots so they could drink their coffee in relative safety. “You sure you want to ride with me, Leonard? You know Varrio Posada is gunning for me. One of their boys was killed near the station last night.”
The old timer laughed. “Why do you think I’m here? Sergeant Howard told me it was ride with you or go home. Besides, there’re so many cops working tonight there’re no patrol cars left. I have to ride with someone, so it might as well be you.”
Ben filled Rabel in on the details of the previous night’s pursuit. “I’m sure if it wasn’t for that semi-truck blocking the ramp the suspect would have gone south, heading for the Mexican border, as usual. Sometimes they actually make it across the border. They drummed it into our heads at the police academy that American cops can never cross the border, no matter what, and the crooks all know it.”
“Yeah, they’ve been singing that same song as long as I’ve been a cop. Sometimes shit happens, though.”
Ben was skeptical. “Come on. Are you telling me cops chase suspects across the border?”
Rabel chuckled and pointed at himself. “I can tell you this cop did. Once, about twenty years ago.” 
He took a sip of coffee and told his story. “I was riding with a guy named Jerry Benton. We both only had a few years on back then, and he’s long since left the PD. I don’t know where he is now. Anyway, it was a slow, crappy night, raining on and off, and cold. We were parked down at the boat ramp. I was sitting behind the wheel drinking coffee while Jerry was in the passenger seat, trying to get caught up on his paperwork. That never changes. But back then we didn’t have laptop computers to do our reports. Everything was written out in ink on paper forms, and Jerry had papers laid out all over the front seat. About 3:00 AM we got dispatched to a burglar alarm call at a warehouse only a few blocks away. That place had chronic false alarms, so we didn’t think much of it. In fact, Jerry didn’t even put his paperwork away as I drove there.
“I turned off the patrol car’s headlights before we rolled into the parking lot. I hadn’t even come to a stop yet when this Chevy van comes screaming out from the behind the warehouse, tires smoking, rear end swaying. They blew by right in front of us, maybe only ten feet away, two Hispanic guys in the front seat. I don’t know who was more surprised, them or us. I hit the lights and siren and took off after them while Jerry called it in on the radio. He was scrambling to put all his reports away and get his seatbelt on. Less than a minute later they got on Interstate 5 southbound from W.24th Street and really cranked on the speed. We were probably doing a hundred, one ten easy, in the rain. No traffic at all and no other cops anywhere near us.
“At that speed we were getting down to the border pretty damn quick, but instead of staying south the suspects took the 905 freeway eastbound and turned off their lights. It was just them and us, barreling along through the rain. Jerry asked dispatch to notify the highway patrol, but we never saw them. I guess the 905 is about ten miles long, until it ends at Alta Road way out east in the desert. Then you can go north to Donovan State Prison or south to Mexico. Somewhere near the east end of 905 we lost contact with dispatch. We were just too far away for the radios back then. I remember thinking it would be a real hoot if we chased the guys right into the state prison, but of course they turned south towards Mexico.
“At that point I knew we were less than a mile from the border and I asked Jerry if he wanted to break off the pursuit. He said no, he knew where the border was, and besides, there’d be warning signs, a fence, something. Neither one of us had ever been down that way. We were down to about 60 MPH now, on Alta Road. Up ahead the suspects took a left turn onto a dirt road, and we followed. I had to slow quite a bit to make the turn, and the van was fading from sight. ‘Hammer it!’ Jerry says, ‘They’re getting away!’
“It was still raining and the road was mostly mud. I floored it. The tires spun and caught, then we shot forward, right into a deep dip filled with water. The patrol car slammed down, then flew into the air, only to slam down again. Our coffees came out of the cup holders and spilled all over the place, ruining hours’ worth of Jerry’s paper reports. Man, was he pissed off! ‘Fuck! Get on those motherfuckers, man! Shit!’
“We followed the van east on this muddy dirt road, then turned south. Everything is flat as a pancake out there, it was pitch black and raining, and I was pretty sure we weren’t even on a road anymore, just rolling through the desert. I said, ‘Jerry, we gotta stop. I think we’re in Mexico already.’
‘No fucking way, man. We’re not even close to the border yet. They messed with the wrong cop. We’re gonna get these douchebags. Stay on ’em.’
“As he was speaking we passed between a couple of posts on the sides of the road, if we were even on a road. It was so muddy and dark, and we were down to about 30 MPH. The van was an indistinct blur up ahead. Once in a while I’d see their brake lights. Then we passed through another pair of posts and we started seeing these piles of garbage, and abandoned cars. The van disappeared behind a mountain of trash.
“Jerry said, ‘Kill the lights and siren, and your headlights. We’ll cruise around a bit and see if we can find them.’
“I turned off the police lights and siren, but when I doused the headlights we couldn’t see two feet in front of us, so I turned the parking lights on. We drove slowly around all these tiny dirt roads until we began seeing houses. Actually, they were mostly tarpaper shacks and even some lean-tos. Lights from a small town were up ahead. We were hopelessly lost, deep in the slums of Tijuana, which is like being on the crappy side of somebody’s asshole. ‘Jerry, we’re in Mexico. Let’s get the hell out of here fast.’
‘Did you see a fence? Any signs? You don’t know for sure, do you?’ He was still pissed off about having to redo all his paperwork and he wanted those guys bad.
“I was about to argue with him when our police radio came to life. ‘National City police unit to my south, this is the United States Border Patrol, over.’
“Jerry grabbed the mike. ‘Go ahead, border patrol.’
‘I’m flashing my headlights. Do you see me, over?’
“Way off in the distance, what I thought was east of us, we saw headlights flashing.
‘Affirmative, BP. We see your lights.’
‘This is the United States Border Patrol. I am directly north of you, at the international border. You are in Mexico, over.’
“Jerry didn’t answer, but spoke to me instead. ‘This is bullshit, man. That ain’t the border patrol, it’s just some guy fucking with us. He can’t possibly see us from that far away, and there’s no way we’re that far into Mexico. Besides, I think he’s east of us.’
“Then we started taking gunfire on the side of our car. Bam! Bam! Ting! Ping! I nearly pissed in my pants as I hit the gas to get the hell out of there. As we sped away I saw it was only a couple of little kids throwing rocks at our patrol car. Jesus Christ! At 3:30 in the morning!
“I stopped a few blocks away, out of breath from the adrenaline rush. Then the Border Patrol radioed again. ‘National City unit, you are moving southeast. Turn towards my lights, over.’
“The rain had finally let up and we could see better, but we were still totally lost. As we sat there trying to decide what to do the BP radioed again. ‘National City unit, be advised that multiple Mexican law enforcement units are headed your way, from the west, over.’
“That did it for me. There was no way I was going to sit there and let the Tijuana police or the Mexican federales get ahold of us. I turned on the headlights and drove straight at the border patrol unit. After about five minutes we left the shacks and trash piles behind, but now we could hear sirens getting closer to us. ‘National City unit, you need to step it up or you’re not going to make it back. You still have a mile to go.’
“A fucking mile still to go! We must have driven halfway to Guatemala! I was so desperate at that point I just stomped on the gas – muddy road, ruts, dips, and patrol car be damned. We passed a pair of those poles, then another pair, then the sirens behind us cut off and I knew we had made it back to America. Jesus. It was like we had driven through a galactic worm hole and come out on the other side of the universe!
“The Border Patrol guy rolled up to us, a big shit-eating grin on his face. “You guys are a couple of lucky hombres. Your dispatcher contacted us and saved your asses. I had a bunch of tonks not far from here, and I let ’em go to guide you guys back across.”
“As I was thanking the agent Jerry interrupted me, yelling at the poor guy. He would never admit it, but he was really shaken up. ‘Yeah, well, if you put up a fucking fence or at least a goddamn sign none of this would have happened in the first place. Shit!’
“The BP guy just shook his head in disgust. Here he had saved our butts from a major international incident and Jerry was busting his balls. He said, ‘Sure, man. That’ll be the first thing I do when I get elected to congress. In the meantime, fuck you guys.’
“We stopped in San Ysidro and called dispatch from a payphone, to let them know we were okay. There weren’t no cell phones back then and we were still out of radio range. Jerry and I didn’t even talk about what had happened on the drive back. It was just too bizarre, and I think we were both simply happy not be rotting in some godforsaken Mexican jail. Later, when we talked to our sergeant about it, he said unless the Mexicans made an official complaint, as far as he was concerned, it had never happened. They never complained, so I guess it never happened.”
Ben had been riveted by the incredible story. “That’s amazing, Leonard. Unbelievable, really, but I don’t doubt a word of it. Man, and I thought I saw some goofy stuff in the Marine Corps. You definitely win ‘the craziest screw up ever’ award. I guess it could never happen again, since they finally built a fence down there. At least on that part of the border. I did have one question, though. The Border Patrol agent said he had a bunch of tonks he let go. What are tonks?”
“It’s who, not what. Tonks are illegal aliens. The Border Patrol used to call them that before they got all politically correct. Tonk is the sound a police flashlight makes when you hit someone in the head with it.”
Leonard’s story was the only exciting thing that happened that night. Ben was thankful for the break, knowing it wouldn’t last.

------

Monday night, Arturo Garcia’s cell phone rang. “Yo, Sleepy, whassup, homey?”
The young wannabe gangster was happy to hear from his mostly straight arrow friend. “Miguel! How’s it hanging, my friend? You ready to man up and finally join Varrio Posada?”
“No, but I heard you guys were looking for information on an NCPD cop named Olsen.”
“That’s true, my man. What you got?”
“My mother dragged me over to Ira Harbison Elementary today to pick up my little sister at school. I overheard some teachers talking. This fine looking black bitch was talking about her husband being a cop. I asked my sister who she was and she said her name is Mrs. Olsen. Thought you might want to know.”
“Thanks for thinking of me, Miguel, but the cop Olsen is a blond haired white dude. Can’t be his wife.”
“Whatever, man. Maybe if you stopped doing all that meth and went to school instead of gang banging all day you’d know this ain’t the 1950s anymore. Later.”
After he put away his cell phone the thought that Olsen might have a black wife rattled around in Sleepy’s meth-addled brain. He eventually convinced himself it might be possible. He decided to go to Ira Harbison school and check out the woman for himself, but his four straight days without sleep finally caught up to him. He crashed hard, not waking up until Wednesday afternoon. When at last he awoke he didn’t remember the conversation, and instead of going to look for Jackie he went in search of some more meth.
------

Wednesday night was quiet. Berto, Lelani and Angel Aponte from the swing shift were rolling around town, actively seeking out V.P. gang members to hassle. Ben had tried to join them but Sergeant Howard vetoed the idea. “No sense asking for trouble, Ben. Keep a low profile.” As it turned out the little hunting party wasn’t finding any prey anyway. Ben was parked in a hidey spot with Remy Aquino, one of his old field training officers. They were parked together for safety but Remy only had eyes for the crossword puzzle he was working on. “What’s a five letter word for enlighten?” he asked Ben.
“Shine?”
“Nope, the fourth letter is an F.”
“Edify.” 
“Damn! That works. How about a United States Supreme Court justice whose name starts with the letter T?”
“Thomas. Clarence Thomas.”
“Nope. It’s only five letters.”
“Taney.”
“That works! Shit, Ben, how’d you know that?”
“I learned it in a poli sci class I took. Remy, let’s go get some coffee. I’m falling asleep.”
“Okay, no, wait! You’re from Wisconsin. What’s a city near Racine that starts with K? Seven letters.”
“Kenosha. Sounds like a brand of coffee. Let’s go.”

------

Once again sparked up on meth, Sleepy recalled his conversation with his friend Miguel and decided to go to Ira Harbison school in the morning. He wasn’t sure what he was going to do there. He wasn’t sure about a lot of things anymore. Since he started taking meth regularly he couldn’t think much more than fifteen minutes ahead. It was only 4:30 AM, and he figured school didn’t start until 8:00 AM, but he was unable to stay still so he started walking that way. Distracted by every noise and light, he made it over to the school about 6:30 AM. Two police patrol cars were parked in the parking lot. Ben Olsen sat in one of them.
Sleepy knew it couldn’t be a coincidence that Olsen was parked at the school. It had to mean the black teacher was his wife. He stayed out of sight and fidgeted until the patrol cars left a few minutes later. An hour after that a young black woman arrived in a nice Mazda Miata convertible. He watched the parking lot until school started and no other black women showed up. Sleepy had to get a car to follow her home. He didn’t want to ask one of his gang homies because he wanted all the credit for killing Olsen for himself, so he would steal a car.

------

Ben stayed late at the police station lifting weights in the station gym. He didn’t usually lift after work, but he was sticking to the advice of the gang guys, varying his routes to and from work, and the times he arrived and left. At 9:30 AM he left the station and drove home. Nacho was out job hunting when he got home. Ben had a light breakfast and went to bed.

------

Jackie had another trying day at school. She had a volunteer aide who helped her on Mondays and Wednesdays, and a different one who helped on Tuesdays, but today she had all thirty one little hellions to herself. By the end of the day she was exhausted and looking forward to relaxing at home.
About the time of the afternoon dismissal bell Sleepy was in the Plaza Bonita mall parking lot looking for a car to steal. He had been searching for quite a while with no luck, and he knew it must be getting close to school letting out. He fired up another rock of crystal meth to clarify his mind. It apparently worked because a few minutes later he found a 2002 Toyota Corolla that started easily with the shaved key he had. He drove it out of the lot and over to Ira Harbison elementary.
Sleepy was jazzed. The meth had smoothed everything out for him and he was on a roll. As he cruised up E.8th Street Olsen’s wife was pulling out of the school parking lot. He followed directly behind her and unconsciously patted the .38 caliber revolver in his pants. He might get lucky and Olsen would come out of the house to greet his wife when she got home. If that happened Sleepy was ready to kill him on the spot. And if his wife got in the way, oh well, that was life in the ’hood.
Ben was still in bed when Jackie got home. She had paid no attention whatsoever to the car following behind her, all the way home. Sleepy rolled by their house and saw Ben’s black Jeep Cherokee in the driveway. Yes! He would come back later when Olsen was going to work and kill him in his front yard.
Jackie quietly slipped in bed with Ben. As she hoped, he woke up and hugged her. “Hey girl. How was school today?”
“It was awful, Ben. No aide to help me out and those little monsters can sense weakness like a pack of lions on a sick zebra. There aren’t enough corners in the classroom for all the students I had in timeout today. I wish I had Nacho back.”
Ben smiled. He knew Jackie loved her students and she was just venting some frustration. “Maybe Nacho found a job. He’s usually home by this time.”
Jackie giggled and started stripping off her clothes. “Well, let’s not waste the opportunity.”
Ben was uncomfortable with the idea of Nacho walking in while they were making love. “Jackie, are you sure? What if Nacho walks in while we’re right in the middle of something?”
Completely naked now, she laughed. “Exactly, Ben. You need to get right in the middle of something. Nacho’s mojo will let him know and he’ll give us our privacy.”
As it turned out, they were done hours before Nacho came home at 6:00 PM. “Yo, lovebirds! I hope you didn’t do any rough stuff. Little Iggy needs his rest in there.”
Ben was embarrassed but Jackie was delighted. “Tell me how you know, Nacho. Did you read my mind, or Ben’s?”
“Neither. Your auras tell me. They’re all wavy, kind of like an old lava lamp.”
Ben thought back to the time he went to work after he and Jackie had made love for the first time. All of his squad mates knew he had gotten lucky, merely from looking at him. Just as Jackie had done at their wedding reception, Ben wondered if everyone didn’t share a bit of Nacho’s abilities to some small extent.
His friend interrupted his musing. “Hey, I got a job. I start tomorrow, back at Safeway.”
Jackie and Ben both congratulated him. Nacho went on, “I struck out everywhere I went. In desperation I went back to Safeway and talked to my old boss. I told him the truth; I’m an alcoholic and I fell off the wagon. He was so impressed with my honesty he hired me back on the spot.”
They spent the next two hours chatting, and then Ben left for work.

------

Sleepy had planned to be waiting across the street from Olsen’s house at 8:00 PM, but at 7:30 he became fascinated by some flashing neon bar signs down at the beach. When he came out of his meth trance it was 9:10 PM and Ben was already at work.

------

“122 John with 123 John to cover on a complaint of a loud party, 427 Flower Street, apartment 3.” Berto and Ben were parked together in the Paradise Valley Hospital parking garage, enjoying some coffee. “Geez,” Ben said disgustedly, looking at his wristwatch. “2:45 AM and people are still partying so loudly somebody had to call the police. Some folks just have no respect for their neighbors.”
Berto chuckled. “They don’t know they’re being noisy, Ben. That’s the midget house.”
“What are you talking about? It’s a tiny house, or the people who live there are little people?
“Little people? You learned that politically correct crap at San Diego State, didn’t you? Yeah, they’re midgets. We can’t call them midgets anymore?”
Ben said, “I’m sure they’re dwarfs, not midgets. Regardless, the term ‘midget’ has a negative connotation from back in the old circus days. They prefer to be called little people. But I still don’t get what that has to do with them not realizing they’re too loud.”
“Oh. I thought you knew. They’re also deaf mutes.”
Ben laughed. “All right, Berto. You had me believing the dwarf story, but an apartment full of deaf mute dwarfs is too much. I’m not a rookie anymore. If they were deaf and mute they wouldn’t be making any noise.”
“Okay, smart guy. Let’s roll on the call, then. If I’m not lying you buy the coffee all next week.”
“You’re on,” said Ben.
Berto and Ben arrived on scene to find Lelani and Scott McFadden trying to calm down six deaf mute dwarfs. Some of the little people were extremely agitated, gesturing forcefully in American Sign Language, and making loud guttural noises. Others were pounding their fists on one wall, apparently in retaliation for the neighbor calling the police. It was quite a racket, and Ben could easily understand why the police had been called. The smell of marijuana was heavy in the air and empty beer cans and liquor bottles were strewn everywhere.
With four cops now standing in their living room the little people calmed down. Lelani was writing out a noise complaint warning. It didn’t really mean anything, but it was usually enough to shut down a party for the night. Suddenly one of the little people stepped in front of Ben, kicked him hard in the shin, and then ran out the open front door. That brought an immediate response from the rest of the little people, who began signing and grunting, with huge smiles on their faces. They were clearly laughing at Ben, who was standing on one leg rubbing his painful shin. Lelani was giggling and Berto was laughing out loud. McFadden said, “Well don’t just stand there, Olsen. That little fucker assaulted an officer. Go get him.”
Ben hobbled out the door after his assailant, who was racing down the sidewalk as fast as his tiny legs could go. “Stop, police! Stop!” Ben yelled.
McFadden said, “He’s deaf, you asshole!” The sight of a 6’3” burly cop pointlessly yelling at and hobbling after a 3’8” deaf man was too much for the cops, who were roaring with laughter. Ben heard it and stopped, then joined in the laughter himself as he limped back to the apartment. It was a nice break from all the tension of the past few weeks.

------

At 7:00 AM Friday morning, Sleepy was parked across the street from Ben’s house. He was sitting in the stolen Toyota, waiting for his opportunity to kill a cop and become a legend in his neighborhood. Jackie left for school and drove right past him, not even noticing the jittery teenager. When Nacho came outside to walk to work Sleepy was out of sight, hunched over in the seat, inhaling deeply from a glass pipe, getting even higher. Nacho felt a strange unease and looked around carefully, but he saw no one and nothing unusual.
After smoking the crystal meth Sleepy sat upright. His mind was going a million miles an hour. He was seriously sparked, as they say in the ghetto. The pipe slipped from his hand and rolled behind the gas and brake pedals. He bent sharply to retrieve it, and as he did so he became aware of the maze of electrical wires under the dashboard. For reasons nobody knows, heavy meth users are enthralled by electricity, and Sleepy was no exception. Just as the neon bar lights had captivated him the night before, the bird’s nest of electrical wires irresistibly called to his drug soaked brain. He was deep into ripping apart and minutely examining each wire when Ben drove into his driveway, parked his car, and stepped inside his house. An hour later Sleepy took a break from his labors and was surprised to see Ben’s Jeep in the driveway. He was so startled that he spoke aloud. “Fuck! How did that happen?”
He decided to wait a while and see if Olsen might come outside for some reason. He knew he had almost no chance of breaking into the house and surprising the cop. After a few hours he couldn’t sit still anymore and made the decision to break in and kill Olsen, despite the fact he had thought of and rejected that same idea two hours previously.  He had to be at the top of his game to succeed, so he fired up the pipe one more time. With his mind racing and his heart beating wildly he opened the car door. Holy shit, there he was! Olsen was walking up the front sidewalk of his house, still in his police uniform. He must have gone out a back door and was now returning. He got to his front door, did something, and then he started walking back to the street, right towards the Toyota.
Sleepy knew something wasn’t right, but he was way too far gone to figure it out. There was Olsen, right in front of him, big guy, blond hair, in his cop uniform. He drew the revolver from his waist and fired all six rounds. Olsen went down in a heap and lay still. Sleepy yelled out, “Varrio Posada! Varrio Posada, you maricon!” and drove away, smoking his tires as he went.
Ben was deeply asleep when the first bullet tore through his living room wall and lodged in the floor. The next shot hit Sleepy’s target in his right index finger and he spun around from the sting of it. The third and fourth shots went through the living room window, shattering it into dozens of pieces. The fifth shot drove between the target’s shoulder blades, clipped a heart ventricle, and came out his chest. The last shot went through Ben’s bedroom window and knocked a framed wedding picture of Ben and Jackie to the floor.
Shocked awake by the gunshots and breaking glass, Ben rolled out of bed onto the floor, grabbing the pistol that he kept on his nightstand in one smooth motion. Lying on the floor, he saw the picture frame inches from his nose and even in the midst of the attack he hoped that the picture of his mother and father was not damaged. The attack warning sirens in Camp Baharia were wailing away, but they could not drown out the sounds of mortars and rockets exploding inside the base. Newly arrived Second Lieutenant Olsen jumped out of bed onto his feet, only to be knocked back down by the concussive wave of a mortar shell exploding just outside his sleeping quarters. Second Lieutenant David Foster said, “Ben, we’ll never make it to the bunkers. Just get under your rack until they sound the all clear. The security force is on the perimeter wire.” 
Ben’s ears were ringing so badly he did not recognize his friend’s voice. He crawled under his bunk and waited for it to be over, praying silently that a mortar round would not come through the thin corrugated aluminum roof. As every combat veteran knows, there are no atheists in foxholes.
When the all clear sounded he inched out from beneath his rack and stood up, pistol still in hand. He bent to pick up his parents’ picture and was pleased to see that while the glass was cracked, the picture was undamaged. The door to the platoon officers sleeping quarters was bent and standing ajar. Ben stepped out into the sweltering Iraqi night and had to squint in the brilliant San Diego sunshine to see the mailman lying face down on the sidewalk in a large pool of blood.
Clad only in his under shorts and still clutching his pistol, he knelt beside the mailman. There was a bullet hole in his back with very little blood around it. He did not appear to be breathing. Ben carefully rolled him onto his back and unbuttoned his uniform shirt, the front of which was soaked in blood. The white T-shirt beneath was solid red and had a small hole in it, which Ben enlarged by ripping it with his fingers. He was now able to see the large exit wound, which was no longer bleeding. A chest wound that large that was not bleeding could only mean the man was dead, but he still dutifully checked for a pulse and breathing, finding neither. As he did so he heard the sirens of the approaching ambulance and police cars. He stepped away from the body, leaving his pistol on the ground so there would not be any misunderstanding.
The first San Diego police officer to arrive ordered Ben to the ground at gunpoint, and he wordlessly complied, taking care to make no sudden movements. Only after the officer had handcuffed him and told him he could sit up did Ben speak. “I’m a National City police officer. This was meant for me.”

Chapter Eight

San Diego PD homicide detectives always do a thorough and professional job, but when the target is another police officer they put a little extra effort into finding the killer. Two witnesses were located. One of Ben’s neighbors had noticed the young Hispanic boy in the car and watched as he ducked down below the seat back several times. The woman wasn’t sure but she thought the kid might be trying to steal the car radio. She had written down the license plate on a piece of paper and intended to call the police about it, but her favorite game show was coming on television and she didn’t want to miss it. When she looked out again a half hour later the boy was still there, sitting in the car. She figured no thief would sit in the car for that long, so she decided not to call the police and threw the paper in the trash. Later, she heard the gunshots and the sound of the tires squealing. She looked out in time to see the car driving away and the mailman laying on Ben’s sidewalk, and called 911. After all the initial excitement was over an SDPD detective knocked on her door. She described the boy and car to him. The veteran homicide dick was not happy with her description of “a 14-18 year old Mexican or light skinned black man with a shaved head and white T-shirt, sitting in a small, light colored, older car, either two or four doors.” But she made his day when she dug the crumpled piece of paper with the license plate info out of the trash and handed it to him. A quick check showed it had been stolen in National City the day before.
The second witness was a delivery man who had been walking back to his truck when he heard the shots. He was not in a position to see the shooter or the car, but he heard a male voice yell “Viva Zapata” or something similar to that.
National City homicide detectives and the gang unit also went to Ben’s house. As soon as NCPD was informed, Susan Wright, the school cop assigned to the elementary schools, went to Jackie’s classroom and told her of the incident. Jackie’s principal took over her class for the rest of the day and she drove home to be with Ben.
Nacho was contacted at work. At Rod’s suggestion, they all went to his house in San Diego for the weekend, while the detectives worked the crime scene and the windows were replaced.
Ben took Friday night off work. Since Friday was the “barrel day” for graveyard shift, with both squads working Ben would not need to be replaced.
They sat at Rod’s kitchen table and discussed the situation. Out of deference to Nacho, no one was drinking alcohol, even though he told them he didn’t mind if they did.
“How sad for that poor mailman,” Jackie said. “I didn’t even know him. Did you guys?” Both Ben and Nacho shook their heads.
Ben said, “One of the SDPD detectives told me he had a wife and three kids. It’s tragic.”
“I sensed something was wrong when I left for work this morning.” Everyone looked sharply at Nacho when he said that.
“It was nothing specific, just a feeling of unease. I looked all around but I didn’t see anyone. I was feeling these thoughts, but they were so strange. It was like hearing one of those old chipmunks Christmas records. You know, where the voices are all squeaky and super-fast? I couldn’t really understand any of it. Something about wires and electricity and finding the source. Really odd. I have no idea where they were coming from.”
Rod spoke. “The DA’s office and San Diego PD have finally agreed to provide protection for you guys until this is over. An officer from one of those agencies will be assigned to your house starting Monday. They figured you’d be safe enough here with me for the weekend. It’s less than fifteen minutes to the National City police station from here, so they’re going to provide an escort for you or give you a ride to and from work for a while, Ben. Jackie, we’ll make sure there are officers covering you at school more often, but there’s no indication the gang is interested in you. Nacho, I don’t think the scumbags even know you exist, and that’s a good thing.”
When they were in bed that night Ben told Jackie about his war flashback. “Oh Ben, you really need to see a doctor about this. You know post-traumatic stress doesn’t go away on its own.”
“If the word gets back to the PD bosses that I’m suffering from PTSD I’ll lose my job, Jackie. It was only for a few moments, anyway. Maybe I was dreaming it when the shooting started.”
“You might be fooling yourself, Ben, but you’re not fooling me. This isn’t the first time it’s happened. You need to see someone.”
“I’ll think about it. I promise. I still have the business card for the Veterans Village that nurse gave me. They have a program called Warrior Traditions where a bunch of combat vets do peer support for each other. I looked into it before but never got around to going. Maybe it’s time.”

------

Saturday afternoon Ben and Nacho did some shopping at Plaza Bonita mall in National City. Jackie had school work to catch up on and stayed with Rod at his house. When they arrived at the mall Nacho looked a little pained. “Geez, Ben, this place is jammed with people. It’s hard to keep them all out of my head.”
“Let me know if it gets too bad for you, buddy, and we’ll go home. I wanted to pick up something nice for Jackie. She’s being such a trooper about all of this.”
“Yeah, she’s got what it takes to be an Army troop. Probably too much of it for the Marines, though. Hehehe.”
Ben stopped at a kiosk where a nice looking young woman was selling oven dress towels. He had never heard of them before and the vendor had to explain what they are. “They’re both decorative and functional. The top dress part is beautiful and the bottom towel part is also pretty but is a real dish towel. Women go crazy over them. You can hang them on your oven door, or dishwasher, or any kitchen cabinet handle. Lots of folks just put them up on the wall in their kitchen as a piece of art.”
Ben had to admit the oven dress towels were really pretty. So pretty, in fact, he was sure Jackie would never let him wipe his dirty hands on one. He bought two, one with little hearts that said, “I kiss better than I cook,” and another with little fish on the dress part and a quality blue towel beneath. She’d love them both, and Ben hoped the fish one would serve to remind her they hadn’t gone fishing in a while. As they were walking out of the mall Nacho stopped suddenly and grabbed Ben’s arm. “What is it, Nacho?”
He just stood there, slowly turning his head, his big floppy hat hiding his hideously deformed skull. After turning in a complete circle he looked up at Ben. “I’m hearing the chipmunk again. It’s the same person I heard at your house Friday morning. And I heard your name, Ben. He’s right around here - somewhere close by.”
Stunned, Ben asked, “Nacho, are you sure? There must be a million people here.”
The peculiar man grimly nodded his head. “It’s him, Ben, it’s him. He’s gotta be on drugs, or brain damaged like I am. No, not like me, this guy is not a good person. He’s not evil, like a child molester, he’s just… indifferent. He doesn’t care about life. Not yours, mine, or even his own. How sad. Let’s walk around and see if we can find him.”
“That’s not a good idea, Nacho. If this is the guy who killed the mailman he knows what I look like. I’ll call the PD and stay out of sight. Is it safe for you to try to find him on your own?”
“Yeah, I think so. It’s stronger over towards the food court. That’s where I’ll be.”
Nacho meandered slowly towards the food court, like a bird dog trying to isolate the faint scent of a pheasant hiding somewhere in the tall grass. Ben used his cell phone to call Antonio Rivera, who was assigned to GET, the gang enforcement team. “Tony, it’s Ben Olsen. I never know what hours you guys are working. Are you on duty right now? No? Okay, sorry, I’ll call the patrol sergeant then.”
“It’s okay, Ben. I come on duty at 4:00 PM today. What do you have?”
“I’m down at the Plaza Bonita mall. I think the guy who killed my mailman might be here.”
“What makes you think that, Ben? You told us you were asleep when he was killed and you didn’t see a thing.”
Ben realized there was no way Tony was going to take him seriously if he tried to explain about Nacho and his unique abilities. Eddie Keaton would listen to him, maybe, but not Tony. “No, I didn’t. I mean, yes, you’re right. I didn’t see anything. I, uh, I… I have a confidential informant. He says the shooter is in the food court right now.”
Tony sighed. “Ben, there’s probably two hundred people in the food court at any given moment. And sometimes there’re two dozen gangsters there. They gotta eat too, you know.”
“I haven’t been a cop long enough to identify these guys like you can, Tony. I hate to say it, but they’re darn near clones to me - shaved heads, little weak mustaches, 5’6” 140 pounds, wearing a white wife-beater T-shirt.”
Tony laughed. “Strange to hear that coming from a guy in an interracial marriage. I bet you never say that “they all look alike” stuff with your wife around. But I see your point. If your CI can pinpoint the guy and he’s from Varrio Posada, I’ll recognize him.”
“Does that mean you’ll come down here now?” Ben asked.
“Yeah. I was on my way to the station anyway to hit the gym before shift. I’m ten minutes away. Meet me at the west entrance to the mall.”

The food court was crowded, as usual. Four young Hispanic boys were sitting at a table in front of a Chinese food place. All of them had shaved heads and wore white tank tops, “wife-beaters” as they were called in the ’hood. Nacho could hear the “chipmunk,” as he now thought of him, much better, and knew he was one of the four boys, but he still couldn’t understand any of his thoughts. He needed to get closer to him.  It was sort of like listening to heavy metal rock music - you got the general drift of things without understanding the individual words, and you either liked it or you didn’t. Nacho definitely did not like what he was hearing.
The auras of all four boys were shades of gray. Nacho had come to understand gray meant the person leaned towards bad things more than good things. One of the auras was streaked with white and black. He had never seen that before and didn’t know what to make of it.
He was so caught up in trying to decipher the unusual aura and listening to the chipmunk’s thoughts he didn’t realize he had walked right up to the young gangsters and was staring at them. One of the boys spat out, “What the fuck you looking at, homes?”
Having grown up on the streets of National City, Nacho was intimately familiar with the Hispanic gang culture. He knew the next question was going to be “Where you from?,” which was the standard gang challenge. There was no right answer to that, although sometimes, “I ain’t from nowhere” worked temporarily. The challenge was almost always followed by violence of some type.
Not wanting to get into a fight or shot, Nacho responded in fluent Colombian Spanish, using the obscure Indian dialect his parents had taught him, and slurring his words for good measure. As he was blabbering nonsense he swiped at an imaginary fly in front of his face and purposely knocked off his floppy hat. It had the desired effect. The boys forgot all about issuing a gang challenge as they stared at his horribly mutilated head. A girl two tables over happened to be looking his way and gagged on her food. Nacho picked up his hat, put it back on his head and walked slowly away, still jabbering in a language they knew was Spanish but could not understand.
One of the young gangsters said, “I seen that freak around, man. He’s a homeless dude, always drunk.”
“Whatever. Let’s finish eating and get drunk ourselves.”

Nacho found Ben a few minutes later. “It’s definitely him, Ben. His mind is nearly destroyed by drugs. He thinks he killed you. His gang buddies told him he shot the wrong guy but he doesn’t believe them. He thinks it’s a trick so they can steal the credit for your death. He’s with three other gangsters at a table by the Chinese place. His aura is bizarre; it’s gray, streaked with white and black.”
Even with a murderer just a few hundred feet away from him Ben had to laugh. “Thanks, Nacho. I’ll pass that along to the gang guy when he gets here. Look for the guy with the streaky aura.”
“Sorry. His mind is so messed up it’s screwing me up, too. His name is Sleepy. He’s got that nickname tattooed on his right arm.”

Tony showed up and Nacho faded into the throng of shoppers. “Thanks for coming, Tony. My guy positively ID’d the shooter as a gangster named Sleepy. He’s upstairs in the food court right now with his friends.”
“Yeah, I know him. Your CI must be mistaken, though. He’s not even in Varrio Posada, he’s just a wannabe, maybe thirteen or fourteen years old. The kid I’m thinking of is a meth head, always too stoned to do much of anything.”
“It’s him, Tony. My guy is 100% sure of it. He’s up there right now.”
“I’ll go take a look just to make sure he’s the same Sleepy that I’m thinking of, Ben, but that’s all I can do. I’m not even on duty; I’m just doing you a favor. Besides, we still need probable cause to arrest him. Unless your guy saw him do the murder there’s nothing we can do.”
Tony walked upstairs to the food court but the four young gangsters were gone. He walked back down to Ben and told him. Ben asked, “Anything new on the investigation?”
“No. San Diego PD has the lead since it happened in their jurisdiction. We all agree it was an attempt to kill you, though. A witness heard the shooter yelling ‘Viva Zapata,’ which doesn’t make any sense, so it was likely ‘Varrio Posada’ that he heard and misunderstood. The car he used was stolen right here from Plaza Bonita mall the day before the murder. And of course, it happened in your front yard. It all points to V.P. trying to kill you, just as we heard on the street. There’s an all points bulletin out for the car, but no one’s found it yet. Other than that, San Diego’s got very little. No shell casings, so it was likely a revolver. They recovered four .38 caliber bullets. Three of them were too badly deformed to be of any use in court, but one was nearly perfect. If we find the gun we can match it up.”
Ben gratefully shook the gang cop’s hand. “Thanks for coming by, Tony. I really appreciate it.”

Tony still had time for a short workout before his shift started. He was in the gym using the free weights when Sergeant Vancamp walked in. “Hey, Tony. Come on over here to the big boy weights and spot for me.”
He walked over to the bench press where Sergeant VanCamp was laying on his back and stood behind the racked weights. Instead of grabbing the bar Vancamp sat up. “Dude, what’s up with your T-shirt? It’s awesome!”
Tony smiled. His custom made T-shirt depicted a National City gang officer handcuffing a street gang member. “NCPD Gang Enforcement Team” was written above. Below the drawing it read, “We’re not happy until you’re not happy.”
“I had it made at a shop over on E.8th Street, Sarge. They’ve got the pattern if you want one.”
“One? The whole squad will want them. Nice job!”
After he was through with his set of repetitions Vancamp said, “Have you heard the latest on the mailman murder?”
“No, Sarge. What’s up?”
“SDPD found the car in our city. Those guys had a special detail assigned just to look for the car. Even had one of their helicopters looking for it. They got some nice fingerprints from the dashboard, center console and the rear view mirror. Nothing came back from CAL ID, though.”
CAL ID was the computerized fingerprint database used by all law enforcement agencies in California. Every person ever fingerprinted in the state was in the system. It even had connections to the FBI’s national database. If the fingerprints were not found in the system it meant the person they belonged to had never been arrested.
Tony asked, “Where’d they find the car?”
“Up on Grove Street, 2100 block.”
“Huh. I’m done here, Sarge. See you at briefing.”
After showering and changing into his all black gang unit uniform, Tony checked their computerized gang files. Sleepy’s real name was Arturo Garcia, and he was fifteen years old. Not a full gang member, he was listed as an associate. As he had recalled, the file showed Sleepy had a reputation as a meth user. Oddly enough, he had never been arrested. He lived with his parents at 2189 Prospect Street in National City, one block from 2100 Grove Street.

At the GET briefing, Sergeant Vancamp brought everyone up to date on the mailman murder investigation, then Tony told them about his conversation with Ben and what he had learned about Sleepy. 
“You know, it kind of works for me,” said Amber Rivers, the first ever female officer to be on the gang enforcement team. “Sleepy’s trying to make his bones with Varrio Posada. If he kills a cop, he gets full membership in the gang and instant celebrity status, bypassing the usual initiation. 
“Here’s one scenario: He steals the car and waits for Olsen at his house, but he’s so stoked up on meth he thinks the mailman is Ben and caps him. The dead dude was pretty tall, blond haired, and wearing a blue uniform. After the hit he drives back to National City and drops the car a block from his house.”
Officer Brian Finnegan was skeptical and spoke up. “Come on, Amber, the kid’s never been arrested for anything. Hard to believe he’d go from nothing to murder.”
Amber was liking her scenario more and more. “But that fits, too. His fingerprints aren’t in the system because he’s never been arrested. And no arrests doesn’t mean he’s been an angel, it just means we never caught him.”
Sergeant Vancamp ended the discussion. “SDPD’s got nothing right now, so we might as well run with this. We’ll track down Sleepy, detain him for something, and then arrest him if he’s high. That’ll get us his fingerprints. He’s only fifteen years old, so maybe we can get his parents to let us search his room as well.”
The gang unit checked all the usual hangouts and came up empty. Amber chose to stake out Sleepy’s house, hoping she might catch him coming home. Instead, she was surprised when he came out the front door of his house at 12:30 AM and headed down the street. She got on her radio. “502 George to the George units. Subject is on foot southbound from 2189 Prospect. Now westbound on 22nd St. He’s probably going around the block to pick up his stolen ride, if he doesn’t know San Diego PD already towed it away.”
Sergeant Vancamp radioed, “500 Sam, I copy. 501 make it to 21st and Grove. 503 get in the area but stay mobile. I’ll take the 2100 block of Prospect. He can’t run west because of the freeway. 502, you and 501 detain him when you’re both on scene. He’s in violation of the juvenile curfew ordinance. Remember, if he’s our shooter he might be carrying, so take him down hard.”
Everyone expected Sleepy to run, but he didn’t. He walked around the corner to where he had left his stolen car, saw it was gone, shrugged his shoulders and kept walking. Amber and Tony detained him without incident.
A quick series of drug use recognition tests indicated Sleepy was as high as a kite. In fact, he freely admitted it. He was arrested and taken to the police station, where his fingerprints were scanned into the CAL ID computer. In order to save time, Amber called the on duty CAL ID technician and told him the match she was looking for. He said it would only take a minute so she just held on the line. Using the San Diego PD case number Amber had given him the civilian technician immediately found the unknown prints taken from the stolen Toyota. It took only seconds for the computer to compare those fingerprints against the ones from Sleepy that had just been uploaded. She could practically hear the technician smiling over the phone. “Congratulations, you’ve got a winner! Arturo Garcia made the fingerprints found inside the Toyota.”

This was a murder case, so protocol required the NCPD gang team to call the homicide detectives, who in turn called their SDPD counterparts. Since Arturo was only fifteen years old, it would have been completely legal to search his room and the whole house with only the permission of his parents. Not wanting to give a defense attorney any wiggle room, the police obtained a search warrant anyway.
The warrant was granted telephonically by the on duty judge. Even though it was 4:00 AM when they called him, he cheerfully answered his phone, listened closely, and then issued the warrant.
At 6:00 AM detectives from San Diego PD homicide, National City PD homicide, and the NCPD gang team all entered the small house. Arturo’s parents were completely cooperative. They had given up on their wayward son more than a year previously.
After only ten minutes of searching, Jim Kershaw of NCPD homicide found a .38 caliber revolver at the bottom of the dirty laundry basket in Arturo’s room. A quick check revealed six empty shell casings still in the gun. The few functioning brain cells Arturo had left were not enough to tell him to dispose of the murder weapon, or even to reload it.

Chapter Nine

On Sunday afternoon Ben, Jackie and Nacho were laying on a beach blanket, enjoying the scenery at the Torrey Pines glider port. The Pacific Ocean view from the top of the sheer cliff was phenomenal. The presence of three or four brightly colored hang gliders soaring above made it even better. Just beyond the surf line a school of dolphins was frolicking. It was a picture perfect early September day, the kind the county tourism board claims happens every day of the year.
An hour earlier they had enjoyed a nice meal at a small bistro in La Jolla. Jackie insisted on paying for Nacho, who she was feting as a hero for his role in the arrest of Arturo Garcia.
Jackie asked, “How’s the baby doing, Nacho?” The three of them were so comfortable at this point with Nacho’s strange mental abilities none of them thought it odd Jackie would ask him such a question.
“Both auras are very healthy, Jackie. The baby’s aura is particularly bright. It’s starting to outshine yours. Have you two decided yet on whether you want to know the sex of the child?”
Both Ben and Jackie excitedly blurted out, “Do you know?”
Nacho laughed. “I think I know, but I’m not a hundred percent sure.” Somewhat shyly, Nacho said, “If I was to hold your hand, Jackie, it would help me.”
She smiled and looked at Ben, who nodded his approval. “I can do better than that, Nacho.” She took his hand in her own and placed it on her stomach. Ben could swear now he could see Nacho glowing. After a half minute or so Nacho frowned, then moved his hand slightly.
Jackie became alarmed and asked, “Is something wrong?”
He did not respond, then removed his hand and smiled hugely. “No, everything’s perfect. I was just getting some other person’s thoughts and needed to focus more. I know for sure now. Do you want me to tell you?”
“Yes!” yelled Ben.
Jackie pretended to be angry. “Benjamin Olsen! You argued with me day and night against knowing the sex of our child, and now look at you. What changed your mind?”
Ben shrugged sheepishly. “It just didn’t seem right for a doctor to hook up some machine and look inside your body so we could know the sex in advance. This is different. It’s more natural.”
Jackie giggled. Logically, she couldn’t imagine anything more unnatural than what had just happened, but some part of her secretly agreed with Ben’s assessment. She and Ben were staring at each other in the way only people in love can, both of them thinking of each other and their child.
Nacho saw they had forgotten all about him and mischievously said, “So, I was thinking of trying this hang gliding stuff. It looks like fun.”
Jackie snapped out of her reverie and growled at him, “I’ll throw you off the cliff without a hang glider if you don’t tell us about our baby! It’s a girl, isn’t it? I can tell.”
Nacho said, “I was going to wait a few moments before telling you, but that would have been a pregnant pause, wouldn’t it?” and he cracked up laughing at his own stupid pun.  He stopped when he realized neither Ben nor Jackie was laughing. In fact, they were both staring daggers at him. “Okay, okay! You have a beautiful baby boy inside you, Jackie. Congratulations to you both.”
Ben was beaming and Jackie had tears in her eyes as they hugged each other. They were all talking at once when Ben’s cell phone rang. It was Scott Vancamp of the gang unit.
“Ben, I’ve got some bad news for you. With the arrest of Arturo Garcia the DA’s office no longer sees the need to provide protection for you and Jackie. They feel the threat is over. I argued on your behalf but it’s like talking to the wall. And as much as we’d like to, National City doesn’t have the resources to provide you with off duty protection ourselves. I suggest you guys stay at Rod’s place until we know for sure it’s safe again.”
“Okay, Sarge. I appreciate it just the same.”
“I’ll meet with you when you come back to work on Tuesday night. I want to talk to you about your informant.”
Ben told Jackie and Nacho what the sergeant had said. Seeing Ben’s glum face, Jackie got a laugh out of everyone when she said, “Is this where I say uff da?”

After Tuesday night’s pre-shift briefing Ben met with Sergeant Vancamp in the gang unit office. The swing shift was still on duty for several more hours and they weren’t that busy, so there was no need to replace Ben in the field.
“Thanks for coming, Ben. I know officers don’t like to talk about their confidential informants. It takes a long time and a lot of street savvy to get a good informant, and once you’ve got one you don’t want to lose him. Believe me, I understand that.
“But let me tell you where we stand with the Arturo Garcia case. I wish I could tell you it’s a slam dunk, but they never are. We have a witness who places the stolen car across the street from your house, and Sleepy Garcia’s fingerprints are all over it. We have the murder weapon, found in Sleepy’s bedroom. Ballistics match it up with the one good bullet SDPD recovered from your house. Garcia’s prints are all over the gun, also. We even got a confession from him on videotape. He was actually pretty cocky about the whole thing.
“Now let me tell you the bad news. Nobody witnessed the actual murder. Worse, your neighbor, who wrote down the license plate of the stolen car, failed to ID Sleepy in a photo lineup. We can nail him for the stolen car and possession of the gun, but proving he actually killed the mailman is going to be problematic, unless your informant is willing to testify to what he knows.”
“I don’t get it, Sarge. I thought you just said he confessed?”
“He did, but we’ll probably never get it allowed in court. He confessed after we read him his Miranda rights, but before his parents or his lawyer showed up. He’s already recanted it, and his attorney’s claiming we coerced him, which is total bullshit. The scumbag was bragging about how the murder makes him a hero with V.P. He still thinks he killed you, and that’s really the big problem. His attorney is arguing guns and stolen cars are commonly passed around amongst gang members, so anybody could have done the murder. He’s right about that, even though we know Sleepy did it because he told us so, and we have your informant. The lawyer will also claim diminished capacity. He’ll say Garcia was so whacked on meth even if he did commit the murder he didn’t really know what was happening. It’s hard not to buy that one. Anyone who talks with the kid for more than a minute will know his brain is mush.
“The bottom line is we have a pretty good case, but it needs to be a lot tighter. The district attorney is going to ask that Garcia be tried as an adult for premeditated murder, since he was lying in wait and specifically targeting a police officer on behalf of a criminal street gang. If convicted of murder one as an adult it’d be a mandatory life sentence without the possibility of parole. That’s a really tough sell for a fifteen year old suspect who’s never been arrested before and is not even a fully documented gang member. If he gets tried in juvy court he’ll be out by age twenty five no matter what he gets convicted of.  Your informant told you Sleepy did it. How did he learn that? If Garcia personally told him and he testifies to that in court it’ll be huge.”
Ben sighed. “I wish I could help you, Sarge, but my informant can’t testify in court.”
“If you’re worried about his safety we’ll talk to the DA about getting him protection. We might even be able to pay for his relocation after the trial. We need him, Ben.”
“Gosh, I don’t even know where to start with this, Sarge. The informant is my friend, Ygnacio Evangelista.”
“No shit? The guy with the brain damage? The same guy who saved you in the tunnels and told SDPD where to find Jackie?”
“Yes, sir. He lives with us in Pacific Beach. He felt Garcia’s presence that morning but he didn’t see him. He told us later the kid’s thoughts were all sped up and nonsensical. Then he felt those same thoughts again at the mall and confirmed it was him. He actually stood next to him and saw the ‘Sleepy’ tattoo on his arm.”
The sergeant was silent for a while, then he said, “You know, of course I heard about him. Everybody has. No offense to you and Jackie, Ben, but I don’t believe it. It’s just too far out there.”
“That’s exactly my point, Sarge. If you don’t believe it then neither will a judge or a jury.”
“All right. I’ll tell the DA your guy got it third hand and we couldn’t track down the original source. I sure can’t tell him this X Files crap.”

Chapter Ten

Nacho was happy to be working again. With his Safeway paycheck and the money he received each month as a disabled veteran, he should have enough money coming in to find his own apartment. He felt bad about imposing on Ben and Jackie and was anxious to get his own place.
He was restocking the watermelons when he was paged to the front check out area. One of the cashiers pointed out a plain looking, younger woman standing off to one side. She was wearing dark sunglasses and had a seeing eye dog. “Nacho, that’s Miss Fleming. She comes in every week and someone helps her with her shopping. The manager said to have you help her today.”
He walked over and introduced himself. “Hi, Miss Fleming, I’m Nacho. The manager said you needed some help. I mean, I know you can take care of yourself, but he said I should help you. Uh, what I meant was…”
She laughed, a beautiful sound, like water gurgling in a brook. To Nacho’s crazily distorted senses her laughter looked like bright blue bubbles floating around her before fading away. “Stop!” she said, still laughing. “I know what you mean, and I appreciate your help. I’m not sensitive about my blindness; I’ve been this way my whole life.” She held out her hand to shake. “Please call me Kathy. I can’t be more than a few years older than you. You sound like you’re about twenty five. I’m thirty. It’s hard enough for a woman to admit that. Don’t make me feel even older by calling me miss.”
As they shook hands Nacho said, “I’m actually twenty three.” Looking at her dog he said, “And who is this beautiful creature?”
Kathy said, “Oh, you must mean Zoe. She’s my best friend in the whole world.” Zoe was sitting patiently by Kathy’s side as she loosely held the harness. She was a two year old yellow Labrador, mixed with something else, possibly a Rhodesian Ridgeback. She was a strikingly beautiful dog, with a white patch on her chest, a white tip on her tail, and white paws. When Kathy said her name she immediately looked up at her and wagged her tail.
Nacho and the dog connected instantly. “She really loves you, Kathy, but she still misses June.”
Kathy was startled. “Have we met before? I don’t think so. How do you know June? She was Zoe’s trainer in the guide dog program.”
Nacho realized he had slipped up. “Ah, somebody must have told me. I know I heard it somewhere.” He smiled to himself. That was technically not a lie - he had heard it from Zoe herself.
They got acquainted as they shopped. Nacho found her very easy to talk with and was intentionally trying not to read her thoughts. She only picked out two bags of groceries. “It’s about the most I can keep track of at one time,” she explained.
At the deli counter Zoe tugged a bit at her harness, trying to get to a small scrap of meat on the floor. Kathy snapped her fingers and Zoe stopped immediately. Nacho said, “She hates it when you snap your fingers at her. It’s dehumani, ah, I mean it’s demeaning.” 
Kathy was amused. “Nacho, as much as I love her, Zoe is a dog, even though she thinks she’s human. I snap my fingers because that was the command she was taught. She’s very young. Sometimes she gets a little rambunctious and the finger snap is her command to stop. What are you, the dog whisperer?”
Nacho smiled. Kathy’s aura was glowing very brightly, so he knew she was a good person, body and soul. She would not make fun of him. “Maybe I am, in a way. Next time Zoe tugs too much just say stop. You don’t have to say it loud. She’ll stop.”
“Well,” Kathy said, “the way I hear her tail thumping she must agree with you. I’ll give it a try.”
After her purchases were rung up Nacho loaded them into the personal shopping cart she brought into the store with her. “I’ve got it from here, Nacho. It’s just a short walk home for me. Thanks for your help. Would you please tell me your work schedule? I want to be sure you’re working when I come again, so I can tell you if you were right about Zoe.”

Chapter Eleven

Two weeks went by and there were no further attempts on Ben’s life, but as far as anyone knew, the green light to kill Ben was still on. The gang enforcement team was working the Garcia case hard, trying to find a witness to tie Sleepy to the murder, but nobody was cooperating with them.

“121 John with 122 John to cover, on a 314 PC, 3200 Plaza Boulevard, in the doughnut shop parking lot.” The police dispatcher’s voice came over the radio loud and clear. All the dispatchers used the same neutral tone, whether assigning a parking complaint or a kidnapping in progress. It was a mark of their professionalism.
Ben and Lelani happened to be parked together in the Paradise Valley Hospital parking garage. The call location was just down the street from them. “That’s a new one on me,” said Ben. “What’s a 314 PC?”
Lelani laughed. “We call them weenie whackers. It’s the section of the penal code that deals with lewd and lascivious conduct.”
“I see,” said Ben. “So in this case Penal Code is very appropriate.”
Lelani frowned at the bad joke. “Ha Ha. Stick with those awful Sven and Ole jokes you were telling me, Ben. They’re much better.”
 They arrived at the doughnut shop less than a minute later, in time to see a homeless man squatting at the side of the building, wiping his naked rear end with a piece of newspaper. There was a freshly steaming pile of excrement right below him on the blacktop. After he pulled up his pants Ben put his gloves on and frisked him for weapons. Finding none, he ran a warrant check and found the man had four outstanding arrest warrants, three for infractions and one for a misdemeanor. The warrants were meaningless. The county jail was so overcrowded they would not accept prisoners on anything less than a felony warrant.
Since the man had been defecating and not doing anything overtly sexual, section 314 of the penal code did not apply. He was guilty only of violating a National City municipal code, an infraction. Ben wrote him a citation for the violation, which the man calmly signed and put in his pocket as he walked away. “Thanks, officer. I was fresh out of toilet paper. Hehehe.”
The homeless man disappeared around the corner of the building as Ben made some notes on the back of his copy of the citation. After he was finished, he grimaced and said, “I guess I ought to dispose of that pile he left. It’s a health hazard.”
Lelani recoiled from him in horror. “Are you out of your mind? I wouldn’t touch that thing if there was a diamond ring sticking out of it. And if you touch it we’re never gonna shake hands again.”
Ben said, “That’s exactly my point, Lelani. It’s dangerous, and we shouldn’t just leave it sitting there for some child to get into. I handled tons of animal manure back on the farm. I’ll scoop it up with something.”
“That’s not animal manure, Ben, it’s shit. Human shit, although that guy lives and acts like an animal. Just leave it alone.”
Ben shook his head in disagreement. “I should have made that homeless guy clean up his own mess, but I was so stunned by the whole thing that it didn’t occur to me. I’ll take care of it.” He found a large piece of cardboard and, using a stick, managed to get it into a trash can without touching it.
They walked into the nearby 7-11 store where both of them washed up thoroughly, even Lelani, who had never been within ten feet of the guy or his mess. They bought some coffee while they were in there, then went outside to drink it. As they were enjoying their coffee a scruffy looking homeless woman with a large plastic bag full of empty cans and bottles walked up to the trash can where Ben had disposed of the human waste. As she was removing the can’s cover Ben yelled at her, “Hey, that can’s filthy. It’s not safe. Leave it alone.”
The dirt-encrusted, scrawny white woman could have been any age between forty and seventy. She looked at Ben with disdain and said, “It ain’t illegal. I know my rights, so go fuck yourself.” She stuck her hand in the trashcan and rooted through it repeatedly, sometimes reaching in up to her armpit to pull out an empty bottle or can. When she came up with a discarded doughnut and started eating it Ben retched and dumped his coffee out in disgust, unable to stomach anything after seeing that. Lelani took another sip of her coffee and just shrugged. “I bet you never saw that on the farm, did you Ben?”

Later that night they were dispatched to a report of a single car crashed into a utility pole. Given that scenario and the time of night, most cops assume the driver is drunk and simply lost control of his vehicle. While many other explanations are possible, the assumption of a drunk driver usually turns out to be correct. This was no exception.
Ben arrived with Lelani right behind him. An older pickup truck was crashed head on into a utility pole. A man in his early forties was sitting on the curb next to the truck. His clothing was disheveled, with a fresh blood stain down the front of his shirt. He was kind of wobbling as he sat there, bleeding from his mouth. He reeked of beer.
Ben told the man an ambulance was on the way. The guy said he was fine and didn’t want an ambulance. He was slurring his words badly and difficult to understand. “Well, the paramedics are going to take a look at you anyway,” said Ben. “It’s just what we do. Can I see your driver’s license, please?”
“Why? I washn’t driving.”
Lelani and Ben looked at each other. She had checked the inside of the truck first thing, and now she shook her head to indicate no one was inside. Just to be sure, she walked all around the area, in case an injured person had wandered a short distance away. Nothing.
“So, who was driving, and where is he?” asked Ben.
The drunk replied, “My buddle wash drivin’. I wash too drink to drive. Ishn’t it obvioush?”
Ben chuckled. “Yeah, it’s pretty obvious all right.”
The paramedics arrived and examined the man. “Ben, your guy’s got a split upper lip and is missing one of his upper front teeth. We’re gonna transport him to Paradise Valley Hospital. If you happen to find the tooth take it to the hospital right away. Sometimes they can be reimplanted. And of course you know he’s drunk as a skunk.”
While the paramedics were examining the man Lelani had been scrutinizing the inside of the truck. “Hey Ben, come take a look at this.”
Imbedded into the twelve o’clock position of the steering wheel was a bloody tooth. Ben smiled and walked back to the man, who was now being loaded into the ambulance. “Good news, friend. We found your missing tooth. It’s stuck into the steering wheel. The bad news is you’re under arrest for drunk driving.”
“Toof? Wha’ toof? Thas not my toof. I washn’t driving.”
Ben laughed out loud at the ridiculous statement. “I’ll be sure to note that in my report. But just to be on the safe side we’re going to give the tooth to the paramedics.”
Lelani couldn’t resist messing with the drunken idiot. “And since you’re so sure that it’s not yours I’m adding a charge of felony mopery.”
“Mopery? Wha’ the hell ish mopery? A felony! I washn’t even driving!”
“There’s two kinds of mopery, sport, misdemeanor and felony. Yours is a case of felony mopery if I ever saw one. Be sure to ask your lawyer about it, if you even remember this conversation after you sober up.”
After the ambulance left Ben asked Lelani, “Mopery? Where’d you come up with that one?”
She laughed. “Mopery’s not a crime, but it should be. And that guy is a felony mope if I ever saw one. Not my tooth. Geez. If mopery was a capital offense I would have shot him on the spot.”

Chapter Twelve

Jackie told Ben she didn’t think she could be comfortable living in their rented house anymore, since the mailman was killed on their front walk. Ben had rented there for over a year and he was now on a month to month lease, so it would be easy enough to leave.
With the baby coming they decided it was a good time to buy a house, and with the housing market at rock bottom it was an ideal time to buy. They found a nice duplex home in Pacific Beach for $480,000, in the 1400 block of Thomas Avenue. It was only seven blocks from the ocean and less than that to Mission Bay. The half they would live in had three bedrooms and two bathrooms. The half they would rent out had two bedrooms and one bathroom. They already had a renter lined up, too - Nacho.
Three years previously this same house would have sold for over a million dollars and they never could have afforded it. Now when escrow closed they would own it. Their mortgage payment, with taxes and insurance, was going to be just over $3,000 a month. Nacho would pay them $800 a month for his rent. That was a bargain price for Nacho but Ben and Jackie felt more comfortable with him next door. Besides, he had saved their lives - they owed him.
Jackie reluctantly agreed to live in their rental house until escrow closed on their new one. It was too awkward staying with Rod and Nacho did not have a car. Although they could not know it, their fears of another attack at their house by Varrio Posada gang members were unfounded. Sleepy, the only one to have found it, was locked up in juvenile hall and had no recollection of where it was anyway.

------

On a Thursday about 10:00 AM Kathy Fleming and her guide dog Zoe walked into the Safeway store. Nacho was there to greet them. Zoe made a series of sharp little yips when she saw him. Kathy said, “That’s got to be you, Nacho. She doesn’t do that for anyone else.”
It was their third meeting. Kathy bought the same amount of groceries but she spent longer shopping each time. He said hello to Kathy as he bent and scratched Zoe behind her right ear. He told her, “The right ear scratch is her favorite. The left is okay, but the right really sends her.”
Kathy laughed her beautiful laugh. “Who am I to doubt the dog whisperer? You’ve been right about everything else so far.”
They chatted as they shopped. Nacho learned she was a medical transcriptionist who worked from home. He told her he was an army vet who had been born in Colombia. When they finished shopping he walked with her outside the store. They were both very comfortable with each other and Zoe obviously adored Nacho. “She’s trained to be friendly with everyone but I’ve never known her to trust someone other than me so completely. You must be a very special person, Nacho.”
He knew Kathy was hoping he would ask her out on a date. If he was honest with himself he had to admit he had peeked at her thoughts just a bit.
“Kathy, you’re a really nice person and I like you a lot, but…”
She stood up straighter and pulled away from him a bit. Irritated, she said, “I know, I know. But I’m just a plain looking woman and I’m blind. I’ve heard it all before Nacho. Not in those words, of course, but that’s what it comes down to.” There was bitterness in her voice. Her aura, although still extremely bright, was undulating. It was a clear sign of high emotions.
Nacho was dismayed by her reaction. “No! No, that’s not it at all. I think you’re wonderful. It’s not you, it’s me. I told you I’m an army veteran. I was badly wounded and I’ll be disabled for life. And I’m an alcoholic. I don’t drink anymore but I’m still an alcoholic. I relapsed before and I may do it again. Hell, I was homeless until just a few months ago. You deserve way better than me.”
Kathy was deeply touched by his sincerity. “The blind fine tune all their other senses, and some people say we develop new ones. I know you’re a good man, Nacho. That’s all that matters to me. I can tell by the sounds you make when you walk that you have both legs. And I’ve felt your hands so I know you have both arms. What is your disability?”
Instead of answering her he removed his big floppy hat and took both her hands in his own. Wordlessly, he placed her hands on his face. She explored his face and head with her hands, feeling his appallingly misshapen head. She seemed to take an exceptionally long time, making Nacho increasingly uncomfortable, her fingers finally lingering back on his face. When she was through she asked, “So. What’s your disability?”
Thrilled that Kathy was not disgusted by his hideous disfigurement, he threw his arms around her in a big hug. Beside them, Zoe wooo-woooed and thumped her tail in happiness.

------

Cops judge each patrol shift as good or bad by the number of reports they have to write. Report writing is looked at as a necessary evil, to be avoided whenever possible. Even though all reports have been written on computers for years they’re still called “paper.” A good night involved no paper. A bad night was four or five reports. The squad was having coffee in front of a 7-11 store at nearly 3:00 AM. The threats against Ben had brought them together, and even Hopkins and McFadden seemed friendlier. They were into the quiet hours, when even the night owls usually settled down. It had been a pretty good shift so far. Just the usual loud music and false alarm calls. Nobody on the squad had taken any paper. Ben said, “Gee Willikers, it’s been a great night so far. Very quiet.”
Everyone groaned. McFadden spoke for all of them. “Goddammit, Olsen! Didn’t your FTOs teach you anything? You screwed us for sure. Nice job training this dork, Berto.”
Ben was puzzled. “What do you mean?”
Berto said, “Okay, maybe I forgot to mention it to him. So sue me. But I want to know what the hell ‘Gee Willikers’ means. I’ve never heard it before.”
Hopkins said, “That’s just farm boy thinking it’s still the 1950s. Nobody except the hicks in Bumfuck, Wisconsin talk like that anymore.”
“It’s Barron. And I still don’t know what I did wrong,” Ben said.
Lelani explained, “We never say the ‘Q word’ no matter how, uh, nice a night it might be. It’s the kiss of death and jinxes everything.”
Ben laughed. “And you guys make fun of me? That’s the most ridiculous…”
He was interrupted by the dispatcher. “124 John with 123 John to cover on a report of domestic violence, 402 Rose Drive. The neighbor reports a male and female fighting. Says it’s chronic.”
McFadden was disgusted. “That’s what I meant, Olsen. You opened your big dumb hayseed trap and now we’ve got to go deal with idiots. Thanks, dickhead.”
Hopkins and McFadden arrived on scene to find the tiny house nearly destroyed. Furniture was overturned, the big screen TV smashed, empty beer cans strewn everywhere. The male had a long horizontal rip in his white T-shirt, with small blood smudges around it. He had an eight inch long superficial cut in his skin that was weeping blood. He refused their offer of an ambulance.
Both he and his wife were extremely drunk. Upon seeing the husband’s knife wound, Hopkins had handcuffed the woman immediately. McFadden took the husband’s statement, then he took digital photos of the house, the man’s wound, and both the man and woman separately.
Hopkins read the woman her rights. Due to the physical injury she had inflicted on her husband she would be going to jail - it was mandatory in the state of California, the officers had no discretion at all. As they were getting ready to clear the scene Hopkins said, “Hey Scott, have dispatch run a warrant check on the husband. We’re out here arresting one or the other of them every couple of weeks. He might have a warrant.”
In fact, the husband had a felony warrant for domestic violence, so McFadden hooked him up as well. The two cops looked at each other and laughed. It was an old joke at the National City PD. All police departments have a motto. Los Angeles PD’s is “To protect and serve.” Philadelphia’s is “Honor, Integrity, Service.” San Diego PD’s is “America’s Finest.” Not one in ten National City cops knew their real motto, but everyone knew the unofficial one: “National City PD: We arrest the victims.” Hopkins and McFadden had proven it once again.
Both suspects were driven to the station for processing, then they would have to be transported to jail. The husband would go to the men’s county jail in downtown San Diego. The wife would be taken to the Las Colinas Women’s Detention Facility in Santee, a 25 minute drive each way. Each officer would be out of service for hours. Corporal Salazar drove to the station to assist his squad mates.
About fifteen minutes later the radio crackled to life again. “121 John with 122 John to cover, on a report of two Asian males fighting, 3000 block of Manchester Street. No weapons seen.”
Concerned about Ben’s safety, Berto got on the radio. “125 Adam, I’ll be clearing the station to assist them.”
A moment later his cell phone rang. It was Ben. “Berto, thanks for thinking of me, but we’ll be fine. Manchester Street is way outside of Varrio Posada’s turf, and the report is of two Asians fighting. VP has no Asian members. Stay there and help those guys.”
“Okay, Ben. Sounds good.”
When he and Lelani arrived they found two teenagers wearing baggy clothes sitting on a low stone wall in a driveway. They were dirty, disheveled, smelled of alcohol and were breathing hard. Ben said, “Hey guys, what’s going on?”
“Nothing, man. Me and my brother were just kicking back. We live here.”
“You guys were obviously fighting. Tell me about it.”
“Yeah, okay. We were just goofin’ around, that’s all. No biggie.”
“I see you’ve got a cut on your arm. Is that from a knife?” Ben asked.
“No. I don’t know how I got that.”
“Well, my partner and I are going to check you guys for weapons for our safety, okay?”
Lelani told the teen in front of her to stand up, put his hands behind his back, and turn away from her. He complied wordlessly. “I’m going to handcuff you for my safety, all right? You’re not under arrest. Do you understand?” she asked.
“Yeah, go ahead. All I got is a small knife in my pocket.”
Lani took out her handcuffs. The teen in front of Ben jumped off the wall and said, “What the fuck are you doing? You ain’t arresting him!” 
Suddenly an open switchblade knife appeared in his hand. Ben responded by pulling his police baton from its belt ring, and in one smooth motion he slammed the baton across the wrist of the teen with the knife. The loud double crack as the fragile bones broke was like fingernails across a chalkboard. The young man dropped the knife and fell to the ground, clutching his broken wrist. It was sickening to look at - like he had two elbows on the same arm. Ben swept the knife away with his boot.
Lani’s teen reacted by twisting around and grabbing her with both hands. Ben struck him in the ribs with his baton. There was a definite “clank” as the wooden baton hit metal and a revolver fell out of his baggy pants onto the ground. The teenager bent to pick up the gun and Ben hammered him across his shoulders, knocking him to the ground, on top of the gun. He rained baton strikes on the teen’s back and legs, again and again, until Lelani stopped his arm in mid-swing. “He’s done, Ben! He’s dead, LT. You saved my life.”
The young Marine was Second Lieutenant Olsen’s radio operator. His entire body was shaking uncontrollably from the adrenaline surging through it. The foreign mercenary fighter lay dead at his feet. He may have been a Bosnian, or a Chechen.
Ben’s platoon was slogging through the worst combat of the entire war; the thirty day long Battle of Fallujah. They had been fighting non-stop for nearly seventeen hours now. There was no perimeter, no front line. The enemy was all around them.
They had unknowingly walked right into the mercenary’s hiding place. He lunged at the radioman and stabbed his large combat knife into the young man’s midsection. The Marine’s heavy body armor had deflected most of the thrust. As he drew back to stab again, Ben butt-stroked him with his rifle, a vicious uppercut to the jaw. His second blow crushed the man’s windpipe and he fell to the ground, gagging. Fearful that he might have a grenade or be strapped with explosives, Ben mercilessly pummeled him until he stopped moving. “He’s dead, LT. You saved my life.”
Lelani looked at Ben as she tucked the small revolver into one of the cargo pockets on her uniform. The teen who had the gun was handcuffed and sitting in Lani’s patrol car. His brother sat on the ground, still clutching his badly broken wrist and moaning. As they waited for the ambulance to arrive she said, “You saved me, Ben. Thanks. Now we’re even for that giant I took care of for you a few months back.”

Chapter Thirteen

The post-traumatic stress flashback Ben had suffered with the two Asian brothers terrified him. If Lelani had not stopped him he might very well have beaten that kid to death. He couldn’t bring himself to tell Jackie about it. To do so would mean revealing he had beaten a man to death in Iraq and now nearly done it again in National City. She would never look at him the same way after that. How could she ever trust him to hold their baby? Everyone understood in the abstract soldiers killed men in battle, but none except those who had experienced it could possibly understand the utter brutality of killing a man up close.
He found the business card for Veterans Village the nurse had given him. He went to their website and was pleased to see the peer counseling program they offered, Warrior Traditions, met on Thursday evenings at 7:00 PM in one of the old naval hospital buildings. He would be able to attend the counseling sessions and then go straight from there to work. Best of all, there was no registration and no requirement to even give your real name. Ben could remain anonymous and not be concerned his police bosses would find out about his PTSD.
Jackie was very supportive of Ben attending the counseling sessions. In fact, she was greatly relieved he had finally decided to get some help. She knew he must have suffered another flashback and that was the reason he had at last decided to go, but she was sensitive enough not to ask him about it. Jackie had spent more than a few nights hugging him tightly as he thrashed and whimpered through nightmares; nightmares he never remembered and she never told him he had.
Ben walked into his first session about fifteen minutes early. There were several men and one woman standing around a coffee pot, drinking coffee and talking like old friends. They all greeted him and welcomed him to the group. He could tell just by looking at their eyes they were combat veterans. The woman looked especially haunted. After saying hello he got some coffee and asked if he needed to check in with someone. One of the men told him he was the facilitator, but there was no need to check in. Someone asked Ben where he had served and what unit he had been with. After several minutes of conversation Ben realized the group members were vetting him – by their questions they were ensuring he really was a combat vet. “Why the big interrogation?” he asked. “I guess I could bring my discharge papers, my DD-214, the next time, to prove I served.”
A Navy vet named Fred said, “There’s no need, man. We know you’re for real. Sometimes wannabes show up and try to sneak in, even a reporter once. It only takes us a few minutes to smoke ’em out.”
There was no official start to the session, they just kept on talking. Quiet by nature and new to the group, Ben said very little. He was surprised to see the facilitator, also a combat vet, spoke even less than he did. At 8:15 PM the group was still going strong but Ben had to leave for work. As he drove south towards National City he realized even though he had not said one word about his own combat experiences, just listening to the other vets had a positive effect on him. It was nice to know that he was not alone in his suffering.
The next evening at home Ben told Nacho about the session. “Nacho, you ever have anything really bad happen to you in Iraq?”
“You mean other than getting my head blown off?”
Ben was embarrassed. “I’m sorry, pal. I deserved that one. You’ve been through way more than I have, yet you’re perfectly normal and I’m all messed up.”
Nacho did not laugh at Ben’s absurd statement, because he knew his friend was hurting inside. Instead, he spoke in a quiet voice. “Sometimes when people laugh I see bubbles. I see auras. Yours is bright white. Sometimes I can read thoughts. Right now you’re thinking about your baby boy and you’re terrified you’re not going to be as good a father to him as your father was to you. You believe if you tell Jackie about your worst war experiences she’ll think you’re a monster and won’t let you near the baby.
“Ben, I’m an alcoholic with a quarter of my brain missing. I’m as far from normal as anyone could possibly be, yet you just called me perfectly normal. My point is people are far more forgiving than we give them credit for. Kathy taught me that. PTSD is an illness. I understand that. Jackie understands that. You seem to be the only one who doesn’t get it yet. We can talk anytime you feel like talking, Ben. Yes, I had bad things happen to me over there. Everybody did. Just being there was a bad thing. Get all that stuff out of your head and into the sunlight, where you’ll see it clearly and understand it better. Once you do, it won’t bother you so much anymore.”
Ben was impressed by his friend’s insightfulness. “Nacho, you sound just like the guys in the group I spoke with. Is all this stuff that obvious?”
Nacho chuckled. “No, Ben, it‘s not. All that time I spent at Brooke Hospital wasn’t just for my physical wounds. I had regular PTSD counseling there as well.”

Chapter Fourteen

“123 John with 121 John to cover on a noise complaint, 3701 Kellie Court. See the notes on the call.”
Both units acknowledged the radio call from the dispatcher and headed towards Kellie Court. The address was located in the extreme southeast section of National City, overlooking Plaza Bonita mall. One of the nicer areas of National City, it was so far from the city center most people thought it was in the town of Bonita.
In addition to the dispatchers sending all calls verbally over the radio they simultaneously send them over the computer. The computer screen in each patrol car often shows more details than are announced over the radio. In this case, the dispatcher wanted to be sure the responding officers read the detailed computer screen notes for more information.
Ben read the screen as he drove towards the far end of beat 3 to cover Scott McFadden. The computer note stated, “NCPD officer Michael Wilson lives at that address. We tried to phone him on both his home phone and cell phone, but there was no answer.”
There was no hurry on a routine noise complaint. Ben ended up directly behind McFadden’s patrol car and they rolled up to Mike Wilson’s house together and parked in front.
As they walked up Scott said, “They’ll be around back at the swimming pool. I’ve been here a few times. Mike’s got a really nice house.”
They walked through an unlocked gate into the back yard. Rock and roll music from the 1970s was playing, but not too loudly. Ben recognized Paul Woodruff, Allen Gerhardt, Mike Wilson, and Horse Hougardy. All were National City cops. He was very surprised to see Wayne Hopkins as well.
“Yo, Scotty, grab yourself a beer! We got plenty but it’s going fast.” Mike Wilson was slurring his words and speaking much louder than he needed to. “Oh, shit. Never mind. I didn’t see the boy scout with you. My bad.”
All the off duty cops were drunk. McFadden told Mike, “We’re here on a noise complaint Mike. You guys need to tone it down some. I know it’s a Friday night but it’s 2:00 AM.”
“Okay, buddy, you got it. I’m sorry. We’ll chill out.”
Hopkins swaggered over. “Fuck that. Tell me who called in the complaint and I’ll go straighten the asshole out, Scotty.”
Ben said, “What are you doing here, Hopkins? You called in sick tonight.”
“Fuck off, farm boy, you’re not my mother. I took a night off. It’s our barrel day so it’s no sweat off anybody’s balls. Now tell me who called it in, Scott.”
Mike Wilson said, “I’ll handle it, Wayne. It’s my house and they’re my neighbors. We’ll wrap it up, Scott.”
Hopkins was disgusted. “Shit. You’re as much of a pussy as Olsen, and that’s saying a lot.”
Ben said, “You’ve had a lot to drink, Hopkins. Maybe you ought to call it a night.”
Heatedly, Hopkins said, “I told you, asshole, you ain’t my mother. I would never do this to her.” Without warning he punched Ben in the face, sending him sprawling.
Hopkins started after him, but McFadden stepped between them. “That’s it, Wayne. You’re in enough trouble already.”
As Ben got to his feet Hopkins said, “What, is little Benny gonna tell his mommy on me? Hey, how is that sweet black momma of yours, anyway, Olsen? Man, how I’d like to get me some of that. Is it still pink on the insi…”
Ben shoved McFadden aside and belted Hopkins in the mouth, splitting open his lower lip and nearly knocking him into the pool. Scott said, “Shit! Okay, Goddammit, we’re done here. You guys are even and nobody saw a thing. Let’s go, Ben.”
They turned to leave but had only taken a few steps before Hopkins let out a yell and charged at Ben. Ben deftly sidestepped him and stuck out his foot, tripping Hopkins and sending him sprawling to the ground. Exasperated, Scott McFadden yelled out, “For Christ’s sake, Wayne, will you just stop?”
By way of answer Hopkins got up and lunged at Ben, who caught him with a straight left jab to the chin that stood him up, then he dropped him to his knees with a right cross. “Stay down, Hopkins. You’re drunk and I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Blow me, Olsen.” He wiped snot and blood from his chin. “This has been a long time coming. I’m gonna kick your hayseed ass right back to Bumfuck.” He got up and swung at Ben, who easily avoided the wild swing. Enraged, Hopkins attacked again. Ben faked towards Hopkins’ face and then delivered a sledgehammer blow to his stomach, doubling him over. “It’s Barron,” Ben said calmly.
Hopkins staggered a few steps, straightened up and ineffectually swung at Ben again. One more pile driver punch to the gut sent Hopkins to the ground in a fetal position, where he puked and lay still, moaning. Ben bent down low, to make sure only Hopkins heard him. “I took it easy on you because you’re drunk, and even though you’re a jerk, you’re still my squad mate. But if you ever speak about my wife like that again, drunk or not I will beat you to within an inch of your life. That’s the way we do things in Barron. Barron, Wisconsin. Try to remember it.” He stood up and walked away, leaving the overweight, veteran cop laying in his own vomit.
McFadden asked the other four cops, “Any of you guys got a problem with this?”
All of them shook their heads, and Wilson mumbled, “Dumb ass got what he deserved.”
Back at their patrol cars, McFadden said to Ben, “What are you gonna do, Olsen? You tell the sarge and you and Hopkins are suspended for sure. Maybe the rest of us as well.”
“Tell him what?” Ben asked. “We responded to a noise complaint. You talked to the home owner and he said he’d keep the noise down. Why would the sarge care about that?”
“I don’t get it. You’ve got a rep as a boy scout. Has something changed?”
Ben smiled. “Nothing’s changed. Boy scouts learn how to fend off bears.”

Chapter Fifteen

Kathy and Nacho were on their first date. Jackie had offered Nacho her sporty little Mazda Miata but he realized there would not be room for her seeing eye dog, so Ben happily gave up his Jeep Cherokee for the day. They were walking hand in hand on the campus of Point Loma Nazarene University, a small private college located on the shore of the Pacific Ocean. The campus was one of the most beautiful yet little known spots in all of California.
Normally Kathy would not be comfortable walking hand in hand. She preferred to hold the elbow of an escort with one hand, and Zoe’s harness with the other, but with Nacho it felt different. Not knowing her preference, he had taken her hand. Before she could explain and move her grip to his elbow she realized she was inexplicably comfortable, and confident walking with him in that manner. It was a new experience for her and she was enjoying it.
They came to a bench overlooking the booming Pacific surf and sat down. Half a dozen surfers with short boards were out there, sharing the water with dozens of endangered brown pelicans.
Kathy was blissful. “What a beautiful day. I love the feel of the sun on my face, the wind in my hair, the smell of the ocean. This is perfect Nacho, just perfect. It’s almost like you read my mind.”
He smiled. “I’m trying not to read it, Kathy. I wanted to get your permission first.”
She turned to face him, even though she could not see him. There was not a hint of surprise in her face. “I knew there was something special about you from the moment we met. Zoe knew it, too. Tell me what you mean.”
Nacho explained, “After I was wounded the surgeons removed a bit more than twenty five percent of my brain. Often with brain injuries the remaining healthy parts of the brain teach themselves how to perform the tasks of the missing or damaged portions. Doctors know this but they can’t explain it. That happened in my case, but it went beyond way that. I developed a condition known as Synesthesia. It’s like my senses are mis-wired. Sometimes I see smells. Some sounds have smells, too. I can usually see pain, in myself and in other people. When you laugh I see bubbles. Your laugh would be beautiful without them but with them it’s amazing. I see auras. And sometimes I can understand people’s thoughts. Not all people, and not all the time. Sometimes I see them, sometimes I hear them, and sometimes I just know things. I think there are other abilities I may be developing, too. Occasionally I get glimpses of things or scenes that are not around, as if I’m seeing something that’s far away. That’s pretty new and I’m still trying to understand what it means.
“I know from your bright white aura you are a very good person. Most people’s auras are gray. Some are nearly black. I knew from your aura you wouldn’t laugh at what I’m telling you. Maybe you won’t believe it but you won’t laugh.
“Until you knew about me and told me it was okay I didn’t want to try to see your thoughts. I just figured it was the polite thing to do.”
Silently, Kathy turned back to face the sea as she thought about the incredible things Nacho had just told her. After a period of reflection she said, “Honestly, I suppose I suspected something like that. But, I have to say it’s still pretty overwhelming to hear you say it. I’ve been blind since birth. My other senses are very acute, as is common with blind people. I find I’m especially perceptive at reading peoples’ voices. Their tone and choice of words often tells me more than the actual words themselves. I’m also very good at body language. Of course, I can’t see anyone’s body but I usually can feel tension or relaxation around them. That would probably sound odd to most people, but I’m sure you know what I mean. It’s something dogs do all the time. It’s just their nature. They don’t really understand your words; they just read your tone and body language.
“Speaking of dogs, you read Zoe’s mind, didn’t you? The first time we met. That’s how you knew about her trainer June.”
Zoe was lying down beside her master, basking in the warm sunlight. At the sound of her name she looked up and thumped her tail several times. Nacho said, “Dogs understand much more than most people know. They think humans are dogs, or maybe that dogs are humans. Either way, I guess it amounts to the same thing. They are truly wonderful, innocent creatures. There are no bad dogs, only dogs that act badly because some stupid person made them act that way.”
Kathy was still debating whether she should give Nacho permission to try to read her mind. There was something creepy about it, but at the same time it was exciting. Because she was distracted, she spoke aloud without really meaning to. “I guess it’s fitting that a disfigured man dates a homely blind woman. We’re perfect for each other.”
“Kathy, whoever told you you’re plain-looking was wrong, and unkind. You are one of the most beautiful people I’ve ever seen. I don’t really pay attention to someone’s physical appearance. I see auras, and yours tells me you’re a lovely woman.”
She knew from his voice he was sincere. She turned to him and said, “I may not see auras, Nacho, but I can see your heart. To me you’re a very desirable man.”
She took a deep breath and turned back to the sea, the bright sun full on her face. “So go ahead, then. I’m game. Read my mind.”
He smiled. “I don’t think I can right now. I’m not sure why. I want to try something else, though.” He removed his big floppy hat, scooted closer to Kathy on the bench, and put his arm around her, snuggling close. Then he tipped his head until their heads were touching and said, “We’re sitting high up on a cliff overlooking the surf. There’s a kelp bed just beyond the surf line. Then after that it’s just a million miles of water, all the way to Asia. The water looks dirty and gray in the surf but changes to deep green and then the most amazing blue beyond. There are a few boats out there, fishing. Some of them have scuba divers on deck. Now it’s your turn, Kathy.”
She didn’t answer right away. Then, her voice trembling and stuttering, she said, “There are surfers, s-six of them, no, seven. One is a young woman. T-Two of them have half suits but the rest are wearing full body suits.” She paused to wipe a tear from her eye and compose herself. “There are pelicans with them, bobbing in the swells like driftwood. One of the pelicans is very old and nearly all gray.” She was weeping openly now, her joyous tears flowing freely down her beaming face. “Am I seeing? There’s a sailboat passing by, headed south to Mexico. One of the sails is fluttering and a man is adjusting it. Oh my God, Nacho! Am I seeing? There are no clouds in the sky. How can that be? I thought there were always some clouds. It’s magnificent! The sky is so blue, so very blue. It’s all far, far more than I ever imagined it to be!” She turned her face to his and they kissed deeply. When they broke the kiss she placed her hand on Nacho’s face, and found he was crying too, which sent her into another weeping spell of her own. Zoe’s tail slapping the ground announced that everyone was very happy. For a blind woman and a brain damaged alcoholic man who had found each other, life was good.

Chapter Sixteen

In late October Jackie and Ben went to Kaiser Hospital for Jackie’s routine five month obstetrics checkup. Since they already knew the sex of their child from Nacho they saw no need to have a sonogram, but their doctor had insisted, saying it was just good medical practice. If the parents choose to know the sex of their baby the sonogram technician will maneuver the device to view the baby’s genitals. If they opt not to know then the technician will not inform them if he incidentally discovers the sex in his exam.
After the sonogram appointment they went to see the doctor. He examined Jackie and pronounced everything was fine. “Your blood pressure is borderline high, Jackie. For now we’ll just keep an eye on it. I know the two of you did not want a sonogram, but I have the results. Do you still not want to know the sex?”
Jackie said, “We already know it’s a boy, doctor. If you want to confirm that for us go right ahead.”
The doctor chuckled. “Well, you’re right, as far as it goes. You are going to have a baby boy.”
“Did I miss something? “ Ben asked. “What do you mean, as far as it goes?”
“The sonogram confirmed something I suspected on your last checkup. I didn’t want to say anything until I knew for certain. Jackie, you’re carrying twins. The technician clearly saw one boy but the other child’s genitals were blocked by the twin. Congratulations to both of you!”
Ben and Jackie were dumbfounded. Jackie found her voice first. “Are you sure? We were told I was going to have a baby boy. He didn’t say anything about twins.”
Somewhat peevishly, the doctor asked, “Did you have an examination by another doctor?”
“Oh, no, it was just a, ah, family friend. He’s not a doctor.”
“Well, that’s why we go to medical school. Your friend only got it half right.”
They had a short discussion on having twins. Essentially, the course of checkups, nutrition, and exercise all remained the same. They scheduled their next appointment and left in a daze.
They were overjoyed at the prospect of twins. They wanted several children, so twins just hastened that along. On the drive home they discussed how to break the news to Nacho. True to their natures, Ben just wanted to tell him about it, while Jackie wanted to mess with him. “He blew it, Ben. He completely missed the second baby. Nacho was totally confident about what he told us and he was wrong. We need to scold him some, or at least pretend to.”
A few hours after they returned home Nacho came in from work. “Hey guys. How did the five month checkup go? From the look of Jackie’s auras everything’s great.”
Ben started to say something but Jackie interrupted him. “Everything’s fine, except you’ll never guess the big news, Mr. Know It All.”
Nacho tried but failed to hide the smile on his face. “Oh yeah, you had your sonogram today, didn’t you?”
Jackie grinned mischievously. “That’s right, Carnac. And you should wipe that smile off your face. You looked into the wrong crystal ball.”
Nacho laughed. “Okay, I was going to try to play this off and act surprised, but I can’t. Jackie’s having way too much fun at my expense. The doctor obviously told you guys about Bea. Congratulations on having twins!”
Jackie was miffed. “That’s not fair, Nacho. You read my mind just now. That’s how you know. You blew it before when you told us we were going to have a boy. Come on, admit you were wrong.”
Smiling, the strangely talented man said, “Nope. Sorry, double momma to be. Little Bea fooled me for a while, but I caught on to her out there at the glider port.”
Ben said, “Wait a minute. That’s twice now you’ve said Bea. The doctor told us they weren’t able to see the sex of the other twin, only the boy.”
Nacho’s smile grew even bigger. “She’s a girl, Ben. Since you and Jackie were split about knowing the sex of the baby, when I learned there were twins I decided to just tell you about one of them, and let the doctor surprise you about the other. That way you’d both get what you wanted. I didn’t realize they didn’t see the sex of both babies. Sorry if I spoiled that for you, but it’s too late now. Bea’s gonna need her own clothes, anyway.”
Jackie asked, “A boy and a girl? Are you sure, Nacho?”
“Absolutely. For the first few months I didn’t know. I was only seeing two auras, yours and the baby’s. At least, that’s what I thought. Now, when I look hard I can see three auras. The twins’ auras are so similar they blend together. There’s no doubt now, though. I can see little Bea in there picking out her clothes already. That girl’s gonna be a handful.”

Chapter Seventeen

At the pre-shift briefing Sergeant Howard quickly went through the warrant list, stolen car list, and officer bulletins. Wayne Hopkins sat in his usual spot in the far corner of the room, nursing a cup of coffee. Everyone on the squad except the sergeant knew about the fight between him and Ben, but Hopkins seemed unaffected by it. When the briefing was over Sergeant Vancamp of the gang enforcement team came into the room. “I know it’s been three weeks or more since the last attempt on Ben’s life. I wanted to remind you all not to let your guard down. As far as we know, the green light to kill Ben is still on. Yesterday we got a tip from a banger we arrested. A Varrio Posada gang member named Alex Flores has been bragging he’s gonna kill Olsen. Supposedly he’s already tried at least once but that might be bullshit.
“I’m passing around his picture and description. His gang nickname is “Red” and you can see why. He was arrested a few times as a juvenile but nothing since then. He’s nineteen years old now. The last time we contacted him was six months ago. He told us then he still lives with his mother over on E.26th Street. The address is listed on the information sheet that’s going around. Stay away from his house unless you get dispatched to that area. My guys are looking for him and we may stake out his house. There’s no probable cause to arrest him, so if you see him you need to find a reason to detain and frisk him. If he’s actually looking to kill Ben then he’ll most likely be armed, so be careful. Ben, I’d like to see you when the squad briefing is over.”
Sergeant Howard said, “Unless anybody has anything else we’re done. Remember, Ben is never to be alone. Hit the streets, people, and do good. It’s what we get paid for.”
Everyone filed out of the room, leaving Ben and Sergeant Vancamp alone. “What’s up, Sarge?”
“I wanted to talk to you about your buddy Ygnacio Evangelista. I spoke with Rod Selby and Eddie Keaton about him. They both swear he’s legitimate and really does have some kind of special mental abilities. If those guys vouch for him there must be something to it.”
Ben said, “I told you that all along, Sarge. He’s proven himself to me a dozen times already. Where are you going with this?”
“The district attorney’s office has given my unit some additional funding to be used for protecting you while the green light is on. My thought was Nacho could help us out. All he would need to do is hang out in National City in Varrio Posada’s areas and see what he can learn. We could either pay him for his time or pay him when he delivers some info to us. What do you think?”
Ben frowned. He was not happy about the prospect of Nacho hanging out on gang turf in National City. “Well, he’s already got a full time job, so it would have to be nights or weekends. I’ll ask him about it and get back to you.”
Ben loaded up a patrol car and went in service. As he drove out of the underground parking garage Berto Salazar waved to him from his patrol car, which was parked just outside. “Hey, Ben. I’m your shadow for a while. You up for some coffee?”
They went for coffee at Starbucks, getting there just before it closed. “How’re things at home?” Berto asked. “How’s Jackie doing?”
“She’s awesome, Berto. What a trooper. Five months pregnant with twins, still working full time, not sweating the green light on me. She’s just amazing. How are Jenny and your child? I‘m sorry, I forgot his name.”
Berto laughed. “His name’s Salvatore, after Jenny’s father. He’s gonna be five next year and start kindergarten next fall. If Jackie stays at Ira Harbison she’ll be his teacher.”
Ben smiled. “That’s cool. Sometimes it seems like we’re in a small town here, right in the middle of San Diego County.”
The dispatcher interrupted their conversation. “121 John with 122 John to cover on a suspicious person, 2615 E.Plaza Boulevard, the Plaza Manor apartments. Subject is described as an Hispanic male in his 20s, in a wheelchair. Appears to be drunk and is yelling at people.”
Berto said, “That sounds like Jimmy Valdez. He got shot a few years back and it crippled him. He still claims membership in Varrio Posada, though.”
Lelani Kekela was the beat 2 officer. She acknowledged the cover. Berto told dispatch he was also enroute with Ben. The three patrol officers met at the apartment complex. Berto said, “Lani and I will contact him, Ben. You cover us from a distance. This might be a V.P. set up to attack you.”
Ben emphatically shook his head. “No way, Berto. This is my call. You’re welcome to come with Lani and me but I’m not letting you guys do my job. We’ll split up and approach him from different angles, just watch for the crossfire if things go bad.”
Berto frowned. “You know I could pull rank on you, Ben. Nobody expects you to get killed by insisting on covering your beat. These are special circumstances.” Lani was nodding her head in agreement.
“I know that, Berto, and I appreciate it, but the green light on me could last for months. If I can’t do my job I might as well resign, and I’m not going to do that. Let’s go.”
The guy in the wheelchair was easy to find by following his loud, drunken yelling. Berto and Lani approached him from one side and Ben came up on him from behind. When he got directly behind him Ben grabbed both his wrists and pulled them behind the back of his wheelchair. The partially paralyzed gangster had incredibly strong arms from the constant pushing of his wheelchair, and he tried to pull free, but Ben had him in an iron grip. “Relax, buddy. We’re the police. Somebody called to complain about you making too much noise. My partner’s gonna check you for weapons and then we’ll talk, okay?”
The man said, “Como? No hables Ingles.”
Berto snarled, “You’re full of shit, Jimmy. Your English is as good as mine, so knock it off.”
Jimmy Valdez laughed. “Okay, man, I was just messing around. Chill out.”
Lani started to pat him down for weapons. His voice full of contempt, Valdez sneered, “Make sure you check my crotch real good, chavala. I got a bazooka waiting for you down there.”
Lani was about to say a cripple like him couldn’t use it anyway, but she caught herself in time and the cruel comment remained unspoken. Professionals did not lower themselves that way. Instead, she silently finished patting him down, then stood back and nodded to the other cops to indicate he was unarmed. Rather than releasing his hands Ben handcuffed him, irritating the drunken gangster. “What the fuck, homie? Your bitch just checked me out.”
Ben said, “If nothing else, I’ll take you to jail for being drunk in public and creating a disturbance, but first I want to check something.” He grabbed Valdez under the armpits and lifted him completely off his wheelchair. Berto shined his flashlight on the seat, revealing a .25 caliber semi-automatic Raven pistol.
Berto took the gun from the seat of the wheelchair, removed the fully loaded magazine, and jacked the slide, ejecting a bullet from the firing chamber. “Ravens are such pieces of crap it probably couldn’t hurt anyone, but I’m glad you found it, Ben.”
To Jimmy Valdez he said, “Now you can go to jail and stay there a while, Jimmy. A gun in the possession of a documented criminal street gang member is a mandatory two year prison sentence.”
They loaded Valdez into Ben’s car and put his wheelchair in the trunk. Lelani was embarrassed and apologetic. “I’m sorry, guys. I could have gotten all of us killed. I won’t do something that stupid again.”
Berto said, “It’s a good reminder for all of us, Lani. We’ve all seen the photos of weapons found by the jail deputies after they took custody of some cop’s prisoner. I’ve missed stuff myself. The important thing is to learn from it. Complacency kills.”
“Do you think this was a set up to get me?” Ben asked.
Berto replied, “I don’t think so, Ben. Jimmy still claims membership in V.P. but he’s pretty much out of the loop. He gave no sign he even recognized you. I think he was just carrying that piece for his own protection. It’s not like he can run away or stand and fight. He’s probably been carrying every day since he got into that chair. Kind of sad, in a way.”
Still embarrassed about missing the gun on her pat down, Lelani said, “Fuck him. He chose the gangster life. He played the game, and he lost.”

Chapter Eighteen

The next evening before he went to work Ben spoke with Nacho about Sergeant Vancamp’s offer. “So, basically he wants you to hang out where the gangsters hang out and try to pick up whatever information you can, using your special abilities. I don’t like it at all, buddy. You did your time in a war zone already. You don’t need to be putting yourself in harm’s way again.”
Nacho was nodding in agreement. “I don’t really have the time, Ben. I’m working forty hours a week and I’m seeing Kathy now. It’s been a long time since I led a normal life and that’s what I’d like to do.”
Relieved, Ben said, “Great. I’ll tell him you’re not interested, then.”

That night was busy. Swing shift was really hopping, and the graveyard squad’s pre-shift briefing was cut short so the squad could get out into the field sooner and help them out. As soon as they were in service the dispatchers immediately assigned calls to all the graveyard units. Ben and Scott McFadden were on Norton Avenue wrapping up a domestic violence call which turned out to be just a loud argument when their radios squawked. “503 George in foot pursuit. 817 Eta Street, behind building 85, heading eastbound. It’s Red Flores.”
They ran for their patrol cars. McFadden said, “Head over to Scott Drive. It’s east of the apartment complex. If he jumps the fence we’ll be right there waiting for him.” It was sound advice but Ben was a little peeved. McFadden was a patrolman, Ben’s equal in rank. 817 Eta Street was on Ben’s beat, so he should have been the one to decide where they would go, not McFadden. They could hear sirens as other units started code three to assist the gang officer.
“503 George continuing eastbound. He’s wearing… shots fired! Shots fired! 11-99! He’s firing at me.”
NCPD dispatch rebroadcast gang enforcement team officer Brian Finnegan’s 11-99 call on the county-wide mutual aid channel. The 11-99 code is an officer’s report he is under attack and in grave danger. Per county-wide protocol it brings an immediate response from every law enforcement officer on duty within miles. Police units from the surrounding towns of Chula Vista, San Diego, La Mesa, and El Cajon responded, along with the sheriff’s department and the harbor police. They all instantly dropped whatever they were doing and drove lights and sirens to assist the National City officer. San Diego PD’s helicopter diverted from its patrol area in the north county and would be overhead in minutes. The sheriff’s department helicopter was on the ground, but the crew was making frantic preparations to get airborne and assist.
“503 George, he’s gone into building 88, the east side entrance. The first units to arrive need to set up a perimeter around the building. I couldn’t tell which apartment he went into.”
“500 Sam, I’m on scene on the southwest corner of the building,” Sergeant Vancamp reported.
“502 George, I have the northeast.” There were now two officers on opposite corners of the building. It was the best they could do until more units arrived.
“422 John, I’m on the northwest.”
“421 John, I’m on the southeast.” Carlos DelaCruz and Brenda Stockwell from the swing shift were on perimeter posts. It was just past midnight. Swing shift ends at 1:00 AM. If this turned into a barricaded suspect situation it was going to be a long night of overtime for the swing shift.
As more National City units arrived on scene Remy Aquino relieved Sergeant Vancamp of his perimeter post so he could assume the duty of on scene commander. The swing shift and graveyard patrol sergeants were also on scene, but there can only be one person in charge. Since it was a gang unit officer who initiated the incident the gang enforcement team sergeant took command. There was no discussion between the sergeants about this, they had worked together for years and this was nothing new.
Units from other police agencies were arriving, as well as the National City fire department with a fire engine and an ambulance. Sergeant Vancamp assigned Sergeant Howard to be in charge of the staging area, which they located behind another apartment building so it would be out of the line of fire.
At this point everyone assumed it would turn into a barricaded suspect situation. There were two big unknowns: which of four possible apartments was the suspect in, and did he have hostages inside?
Building 88 consisted of eight apartment units, four on the east side and four more on the west side. There were two ground floor apartments and two second floor units on each side. Each side had a separate entrance. When Finnegan had chased Flores into the building only one apartment had lights on. Now all the apartments in the building except one had lights showing as the occupants awoke to all the sirens, the helicopter, and other noise.
At Sergeant Vancamp’s direction, officers were evacuating the residents from the apartments on the west side of the building. NCPD dispatchers were using a reverse telephone directory to obtain the phone numbers to the apartments on the east side of building 88.
A woman stuck her head out of the window of apartment 8803 on the second floor. She told officers she and her three children were okay and no one else was in her apartment. However, until it was definitively established which unit Flores was in, the police would assume the woman was under duress and being forced to say she was okay. With only a single entrance/exit hallway and stairwell for each side of the building it was not safe to ask the occupants to walk outside, because they would have to walk down a common hallway. The woman was told to stay inside her apartment and keep the door locked.
Hougardy, DelaCruz and McFadden were SWAT team members. As such they carried all their SWAT equipment and weapons in the trunks of their patrol cars every shift. Sergeant Vancamp had other officers relieve DelaCruz and Hougardy of their perimeter positions so they would be available to him if he needed special weapons. He also wanted to have them ready if the suspect suddenly started killing hostages. In that case, known as an “active shooter scenario,” the SWAT guys would be forced to rush into the apartment, into the shooting, and kill the shooter before he killed all the hostages. Yes, that would be a really ugly and incredibly dangerous situation, but police departments had learned from Columbine and many other mass shootings that it was the only option once the suspect started shooting.
It would take an hour or more for the off duty SWAT team officers to respond from their homes, gear up, and get briefed, so Vancamp told dispatch to call them out immediately. He also ordered the homicide squad called out. Since the suspect had already attempted to murder a police officer, homicide detectives would handle the investigation. If the shooter surrendered before SWAT arrived they would count their blessing and go home.
With the phone numbers to each apartment in hand, an officer called each apartment in turn. The residents of 8801 and 8802 said they were okay and the suspect was not there. They were informed of the armed suspect in the building and told to remain locked inside their apartments. There was no answer from 8804. Officers could hear the phone ringing inside. After twenty five rings the officer hung up the phone. Lights had come on in that apartment since the incident started, so they knew the home was occupied.
Berto Salazar used a megaphone to call out to Flores in English and Spanish. Although it was known he spoke English, the announcement in both languages would cover the officers if he tried to falsely claim later that he did not understand. It also served to alert the Spanish speaking residents within hearing distance that a major police incident was underway.
As Berto was again trying to establish contact with Flores via the megaphone the family in apartment 8802 panicked. The husband came out the door carrying two small children, with his wife running in front of him. They made it safely behind another building, where they again told the police Flores was not in their apartment. After several more announcements and unanswered phone calls, one of the perimeter officers reported seeing movement inside apartment 8804. Certain now that Flores was in that second story apartment, Sergeant Vancamp had the residents of 8801 evacuated out their ground floor window on the side of the building away from 8804. An NCFD ladder truck with heavy police escort pulled up to the side of the building farthest from 8804 and evacuated the woman and her three small children from unit 8803. The entire building was now empty except for apartment 8804.
The NCPD night shift lieutenant arrived on scene. More of a bean counter than a field officer, he was worried about paying the entire SWAT team overtime even if they weren’t needed. Once they got called, they got paid. Initially angry with Vancamp for ordering the SWAT call out so early, he was now forced to admit it had been the right decision. As the senior police officer on scene, the lieutenant was responsible for everything that happened, and he was technically in charge. Despite that, he was savvy enough to let Sergeant Vancamp continue to run the show.
Flores was known to be armed with a pistol since he shot at Brian Finnegan, but it was possible there were other weapons in the apartment. Additionally, the police had no idea why Flores had gone into that particular apartment. Did he know the residents or was it just a random choice he made as he fled from Finnegan? The second story elevation gave Flores a much larger area that was potentially in his field of fire. All of the officers assigned to train weapons on 8804 had high powered rifles with a range of a mile or more. The rifle bullets could easily penetrate the walls of the apartment buildings. The potential danger area was enormous. Almost half of the nearly three hundred apartments in the complex would have to be evacuated, and foot and vehicle traffic severely restricted within the complex and on nearby streets. That necessitated even more officers to guard the greatly expanded outer perimeter.
Ben’s graveyard squad was released from the scene to patrol the city. For the duration of the SWAT incident they would only respond to the highest priority calls and ignore all others. The swing shift cops would be on interior perimeter posts until the incident ended or they were relieved by day shift units.
Under the direction of an NCPD sergeant, officers from other agencies evacuated everyone from the endangered apartments. As usual, several residents refused to cooperate and complied only after being threatened with arrest. A sheriff’s deputy arrested a man who answered his door with a lit crack pipe in his hand. After the evacuation was completed most of the officers from other agencies were released to return to their jurisdictions. Several officers from Chula Vista PD, San Diego PD, and the sheriff’s department were kept for outer perimeter control duty. A K-9 officer from Chula Vista stayed on scene with his police dog.
The manager of the apartment complex was contacted. He told the police the Rodriguez family in apartment 8804 consisted of a husband and wife and two young children. Once they had the full names of the family members a records check was conducted. The cops needed to know who they were dealing with. The check showed the husband had been arrested two years previously for drunk driving, but otherwise they appeared to be a law abiding family. There was no known relationship between Red Flores and the family, so it appeared he entered the apartment at random. Whoever was inside was being held against their will.
While the SWAT team was reporting to the police station and gearing up, Berto continued speaking over a bullhorn, trying to get a response from Flores. After repeated busy signals, the phone company reported the phone inside the apartment had been taken off the hook. A trained hostage negotiator would arrive with the SWAT team and keep trying to contact the gunman. A “throw phone” would be tossed through a window if needed.
An officer on the outer perimeter reported the media was there, asking where they could set up. Sergeant Luisa Clemente from the swing shift went to deal with them. Shortly after the SWAT guys arrived, NCPD dispatch reported Flores had contacted them by calling 911. His call was transferred to the SWAT negotiator’s cell phone.
Bill Norton, an NCPD detective, was the SWAT hostage negotiator. It was going to be a tough sell to talk Flores into surrendering. He was a documented gang member in possession of a firearm. Besides that, he had committed numerous major felonies, including the attempted murder of a police officer. If he had hostages he was also facing a felony count of false imprisonment for each one. It added up to a lot of years in prison, and Flores knew that as well as Norton did.
When they started talking, Norton learned Flores was holding Mrs. Rodriguez and her two children hostage. Mr. Rodriguez was at his job as a night janitor. An officer was assigned to find him and bring him to the scene.
Red Flores was totally jacked up on adrenaline and fear. Norton called upon his years of experience to calm him down, trying to minimize the seriousness of the crimes that had been committed. At the same time, he appealed to Flores’ pride in being a gang member. He told him even if he did do time in prison, he would be regarded as a hero by his fellow inmates for shooting at a cop, and do easy time. He also reminded him that people who hurt innocent children and women were regarded as the lowest form of scum by their fellow prisoners, and he would be lucky to survive behind bars if he harmed his hostages.
Typical of an incident of this nature, it dragged out over several hours. The local chapter of the Red Cross set up a mobile food stand and everyone got free pastries, coffee and juice. The officers on the outer perimeter posts quickly became bored and irritated with everyone‘s questions and their demeanor turned sullen. The neighborhood residents, who were originally excited to learn a serious drama was playing out virtually in their backyards, became exasperated and then angry. Having been forced out of their homes in the darkest hours of the night, they were unable to get ready for work or school, or even use their cars to leave. They greatly resented this monumental disruption to their lives. The SWAT team had been called away from their beds. They were briefed, geared up for combat, then stood around all night and did nothing. The homicide investigators were at the police station, already working the law enforcement computers for more background info on Flores. The two SWAT snipers covering the apartment windows from the roofs of other buildings were mentally and physically drained from their constant vigilance. The police helicopter hovered overhead burning hundreds of gallons of expensive aviation fuel, the pilots becoming less and less alert as things dragged on with no change. In a sense, all of these people were also hostages to Flores. He eventually released one child in exchange for a pack of cigarettes and the other for a six pack of Coca Cola. His request for beer had been refused.
At 4:30 AM all the oncoming dayshift officers were called at home, informed of the SWAT incident, and ordered to report to work as soon as possible.
At 6:00 AM Mrs. Rodriguez was released in exchange for a pizza, leaving Flores alone in the apartment. The SWAT guys got excited again, because with Flores alone inside they were much more likely to be ordered to storm the building. However, after he ate his fill of pizza the suspect surrendered without incident. The lives of almost one hundred cops and nearly one thousand civilians had been significantly disrupted. It was just another day in the ghetto.

Chapter Nineteen

Jackie and Ben returned to the doctor’s office for a follow up only two weeks after learning she was carrying twins. She was quite big already, and starting to waddle a little when she walked.
“I told you on your last visit your blood pressure was borderline high. Now it’s official - you have high blood pressure. Everything else seems good. I can clearly hear two sets of heartbeats, three counting yours, Jackie.”
“How serious is high blood pressure, Doctor?”
“Well, during pregnancy it’s not unusual. It’s called Gestational Hypertension, or Pregnancy-induced Hypertension. By itself, it’s not a problem, but it can lead to other conditions that are dangerous. I’m going to have you tested for excessive protein in your urine. That test will show whether you have a condition known as Pre-Eclampsia. Again, that in itself is not dangerous, but it’s one step away from Eclampsia, which can be life-threatening. I don’t want you worrying about this, for now we just need to monitor you every two weeks.”
Jackie and Ben, of course, were extremely worried. “How does someone get this disease?” Ben asked.
“It’s not a disease, Ben, it’s just a condition that sometimes develops during pregnancy. Some women are more susceptible than others to getting it. Young women, black women, and women carrying multiple babies are all at greater risk than others. It’s more common in first pregnancies, also. Jackie falls into every one of those categories, which is why we will monitor her carefully. Other than that, you guys just keep on doing what you’ve been doing.”

------

A few days before Thanksgiving Ben and Jackie closed escrow on their new house on Thomas Avenue in Pacific Beach. Six months pregnant and still suffering from high blood pressure, Jackie could not assist in actually moving things, but she was the undisputed boss of the whole operation.
Ben and a bunch of swing shift and graveyard cops made short work of the move. Afterwards there was beer, soda and pizza for everyone. Nacho was at work, but other than personal items and clothing he had nothing to move. He and Ben would find some furniture at the Goodwill store or other thrift stores, and scrutinize Craig’s List for bargains. It was amazing how much high quality stuff could be found dirt cheap if you knew where to look. In the meantime, even though Ben and Jackie offered their spare bedroom, Nacho chose to sleep in his side of the house on an air mattress.
They had hoped to have Thanksgiving dinner in their new house, but it was just too much work. So, just like the previous year, Jackie’s brother Rod cooked for them at his house. Ben had to work that evening so he had no alcohol. Nacho and Kathy were dinner guests, and Zoe lay quietly in a corner of the room.
Once the dinner was underway Jackie said, “Tell us about yourself, Kathy. Nacho is being his usual mysterious, and by that I mean stubborn, self, and refused to tell us much about you.”
“Well, I grew up in Connecticut. My mother died giving birth to me. My father worked at the Electric Boat shipyard in New London, building submarines. I was born blind. I learned to read Braille and was mainstreamed into regular schools. When I was fifteen my Dad got laid off, but he found work here in the San Diego shipyards. He died two years ago in an industrial accident. He was the only family I had, until I got Zoe.
“After I graduated high school I attended a vocational school to learn medical transcription. It pays well and allows me to work from home, so I really love it.”
Rod asked, “What do you do in your spare time?”
“I read a lot of books. I listen to audio books some, but I still prefer to read braille. I do some knitting. I really love the outdoors, so Zoe and I go for a lot of walks. I’m not exactly a party girl.”
Ben and Jackie laughed at that, since they described themselves the same way. “It sounds like we have a lot in common, Kathy,” said Jackie.
“Yes, and we also have Nacho in common. He told me he was the best man at your wedding, and of course you guys know all about his special abilities.”
“It was pretty hard to ignore after he saved both our lives last year,” said Ben.
Kathy was quite surprised. “Wow! Are you serious? Nacho, you never said a thing about it.”
Everyone started talking at once, trying to give their version of things. They eventually noticed Nacho was the only one not talking. “Nacho, is something wrong?” Jackie asked.
“Not really. I guess I’m just not comfortable with you guys making me out to be some kind of a hero. All I did was tell the police what I knew. Anyone would have done the same thing.”
Ben shook his head. “You’re completely ignoring what you did for me in the tunnels, Nacho. You risked your own life to save mine. I wouldn’t be here today if not for you. He’s a true hero, Kathy; he’s just too modest to admit it.”

Ben went to work that evening expecting a repeat of last year’s incredibly busy Thanksgiving Day. Instead, it was an exceptionally quiet night. By the time his squad hit the streets most of the citizenry was either passed out from a day of heavy drinking or sleeping off their huge Thanksgiving meals. At Starbucks for coffee, Remy Aquino called him over. “Ben, what’s an eleven letter word for a time waster? Begins with an L.”
Ben laughed. “Remy, isn’t it more fun when you figure out the answer yourself?”
“I have my own rules. Using the internet or a dictionary is cheating, but asking another person is okay, so long as you don’t use the internet, either.”
“Time waster, huh? How about Remy Aquino?”
“Ha ha. There‘s only ten letters in my name.”
“Okay, try lollygagger.”
Remy checked his puzzle. “Cool! It fits. It’s amazing the stuff they taught you in college.”
Ben said, “Actually, I learned that word in the Marine Corps. It’s one of the old fashioned names we called people who goofed off all the time. Skylarker was another one.”
“Oh yeah. I forgot that you were in the Marines.”
Ben looked wistful. “Sometimes I wish I could forget it, too.”

The next night, right after Ben went in service he was dispatched to the Walgreen’s Drug Store to take custody of a shoplifter one of their loss prevention officers had detained. He got an oral and written statement from the store employee, plus a listing of the stolen items, which were retained by the store. He handcuffed the suspect, then removed the cuffs of the loss prevention officer and returned them to him. He drove to the police station to process the prisoner.
As Ben was about to get started questioning the suspect Sergeant Howard happened by. “Whatta ya got, Ben?”
Making sure the prisoner could not hear them, Ben said, “He’s a shoplifter, Sarge. He only stole about $250.00 worth of items but I think I can still make a good felony case out of it. The loss prevention officer told me three guys came into the store together carrying empty shopping bags. They were acting in concert stealing stuff. The security officer was only able to detain one of them and the other two got away.
“So, if I can get him to admit he came into the store with the intention of stealing stuff, and that he conspired with his buddies, he’s good for a couple of felonies. Maybe I’ll get real lucky and get him to dime off his pals.”
“Okay. Good luck getting him to talk. I know you haven’t had much training on interrogation techniques. Just make sure you Mirandize him first.”
Ben read the suspect his Miranda rights from the back of his officer’s notebook. Even though every cop knows the rights by heart, contrary to what you see in the movies they are always read from a card or paper, so there’s no possibility of a defense attorney later claiming something different had been said.
After being read your rights, the best answer is to take advantage of them and remain silent, but criminals, even experienced ones, seldom do that. They all seem to truly believe they’re smarter than the cops and can talk their way out of anything. When he finished reading the suspect his rights, the guy agreed to answer Ben’s questions.
“Why’d you bring an empty Walmart shopping bag into Walgreen’s with you?” Ben asked. No answer.
“Did you just come from Walmart? You know I can go there and look at their store surveillance tapes.” No answer.
“Tell me about your friends who came into Walgreen’s with you.” No answer.
“You walked right past three checkout stands and out the door into the parking lot before security stopped you. You made no attempt to pay for the merchandise in your possession. Want to tell me what happened there?” No answer.
“You had almost $250.00 worth of merchandise in your shopping bag when the store security guy stopped you outside the store, but you only had $12 cash in your wallet and no credit cards. How did you intend to pay for the goods?” No answer.
Ben let out a big sigh. It was obvious the guy wasn’t going to say a word. “Okay, forget this. You waived your right to remain silent and agreed to talk to me but you haven’t answered a single question.” In exasperation, Ben flippantly said, “Since you won’t talk about stealing this stuff, help me out with something that’s been bugging me a long time. We know from the forensic evidence Lee Harvey Oswald didn’t kill Kennedy by himself. Who was the second shooter?”
The shoplifter became alarmed and sat up from his insolent slouch, a look of pure fear on his face. “Hey, hey wait a minute, officer. Okay, me and my buddies planned the whole scam at Walgreen’s. We were gonna steal enough stuff to buy some dope and hire some party girls and have a good time. I’ll tell ya all about it, but don’t go tryin’ to pin no murder on me. All I did was steal some stuff. I don’t know nobody named Harvey and I never heard of this dead Kennedy dude. Let’s get that shit straight right now.”
The only thing keeping Ben from laughing out loud was his utter astonishment. He got a full confession and the names of the other thieves.

Chapter Twenty

Roberto “Flaco” Castillo and Manuel “Big Manny” Hernandes met again in Big Manny’s apartment in National City. As usual, they were sharing a case of cold beer. Big Manny had a seemingly endless supply of beer. He got it from young “wannabes,” underage neighborhood kids who aspired to be Varrio Posada gangsters. They got it the old fashioned way - they stole it. The cops called them “beer dashes.” A couple of young kids would go into a convenience store, grab as much beer as they could carry, and run like hell out the door. The value of the beer was usually less than one hundred dollars, well below the penal code limit of $400.00 needed to make it a felony theft. Since it was only a misdemeanor crime no police detectives would ever investigate the incident. NCPD’s detectives were overwhelmed with serious felony crimes and could not afford to give even a few minutes to anything else. In the rare case when the youngsters got caught the district attorney’s office would not consider wasting valuable resources and scarce courtroom time for such a trivial incident. As a result, the beleaguered merchants often no longer bothered to call the police; they just chalked it up to the cost of doing business in the ghetto.
After they had consumed a sufficient number of beers and exhausted their small talk, Big Manny got down to business. “Let’s take a ride, Flaco. We’ll cruise the ’hood like we did back in the day. I want to show you something. It’ll help explain why I wanted to meet with you.”
They climbed into Manny’s classic 1968 Chevy Impala low rider. The lovingly restored car had a custom paint job, tiny thirteen inch white wall tires, and a hydraulic suspension that allowed each corner of the car to be raised or lowered independently. Virtually every modification to the car was in violation of the California vehicle code. Despite that, most cops would not bother stopping such a car. The politics of southern California were such that it was not worth the aggravation. Custom car clubs featuring the illegal and dangerously modified low riders had sprung up all over the southwestern United States. Some of the cars were easily valued at over $50,000. This car was not in that league, but it still got the respect and admiration of most of the residents of National City, and Manny basked in the glory of it.
They drove to W.8th Street where it passed under Interstate 5, the spot where Danny “Pelon” Aranda had died while fleeing from the National City police. There was a neighborhood memorial there marking the spot. It consisted of a few dozen candles, Danny’s picture, and a wooden frame with hundreds of handwritten notes either attached to the frame or written directly upon it. Surrounding it were numerous empty forty ounce bottles of malt liquor and empty packages of cigarettes. It was hard to say if the empty bottles and cigarette packs were left by careless mourners or intentionally left as a tribute to the deceased gangster, who had enjoyed plenty of both during his short, violent life.
Eventually a city crew would come along and clean it all up, but it would likely remain in place for several more months. Shortly after Aranda had died officers from NCPD’s gang enforcement team had set up a surveillance of the makeshift memorial. Every person who stopped by to pay tribute to the fallen criminal was photographed and catalogued. The surveillance detail was discontinued after a week or so when the number of visitors dropped off sharply. Several young Hispanic men who had showed up were still unidentified, but the photos had provided a wealth of information for the gang unit.
Corporal John Abrams, recently promoted to the NCPD detective squad, exited the freeway onto W.8th Street shortly after Manny and Roberto parked next to the shrine. Abrams took several photos of them with his cell phone as he drove slowly by in his unmarked car. The low rider first caught his eye, but it was the relatively old age of the two men which drew his attention. He was not a gang expert, but he assumed the two men were “OGs,” original gangsters, or veteranos, as they called themselves.
Back at the police station, Abrams downloaded the photos to his computer. He did not recognize either man in the low resolution photos. He emailed the pictures with a short explanation to his fellow detectives and the gang unit.
After downing a beer in honor of their fallen brother, Big Manny said, “Pelon died trying to kill Olsen, Flaco. They say his head was gone. Another of our brothers, Red Flores, is in jail and will probably go to prison for life. He also was trying to kill Olsen. And you already know of our little wannabe brother, Sleepy Garcia, who killed Olsen’s mailman. He’s got a good lawyer but he’ll still be in the juvy system for ten years.”
Roberto shook his head sadly. “It’s a shame, Manny. They were good soldiers for the neighborhood. You can be proud of them.”
“The price is too high, Flaco. The youngsters are getting more and more angry, and talking crazy stuff, like firebombing police cars, killing cops at random, even storming the police station. It’s time to move on, let the ’hood get back to normal.”
“You have a deal with El Gato, Manny. Did you forget that?”
Big Manny shook his head in disagreement. “I had an agreement with you, Flaco. Any deal with El Gato is your business, not mine. I let my greed overwhelm my common sense. It isn’t worth it anymore. Our deal is off.”
“I gave my word to El Gato that Varrio Posada would kill Olsen, Manny. I can’t go back on that and remain in his organization. He might even kill me. You have to keep trying until you kill Olsen. Is V.P. filled with pussies now?”
Big Manny whipped out a .32 caliber semi-automatic pistol and pointed it at Roberto’s face. “I got your pussy right here, cabron. See the hole? You left the ’hood years ago to make yourself rich with the cartel. Never a thought about your brothers back here. Then, after all that time you return, calling on my friendship for a business deal. A business deal, Flaco, nothing more. The deal is off. Comprende?”
Flaco forced his eyes away from the small black hole of the pistol to look Manny in the face. “All right, Manuel. Our deal is off. I’ll do myself what you and your gang couldn’t. Tell your boys the green light on Olsen is gone. I don’t want any of your little shitheads getting in my way.”

Chapter Twenty One

Detective Abrams got a lot of responses to the photos of the two old gangsters he had emailed. Many of them complained about the poor quality of the pictures or commented on the low rider. Despite the mostly worthless responses, several cops identified Manuel “Big Manny” Hernandes as one of the men. No one had yet ID’d the second man.
Sergeant Scott Vancamp, the gang enforcement team boss, forwarded the email on to Lieutenant “Doctor Doom” Anseli. He had almost thirty five years with NCPD and had been the department’s gang expert long before the gang unit had even existed. A few minutes later, his phone rang. “Scott, it’s Hank Anseli. I got your email. The picture quality is pretty poor but I think you’re looking at Big Manny Hernandes and his old buddy Roberto Castillo. They were as tight as a virgin’s twat back in the day. Castillo went by the moniker Flaco. We sent him up for carjacking, if I recall correctly. I thought he got killed in the joint.”
Now that he had a name, Vancamp searched the gang files, but he found nothing on Castillo. A record check showed a short criminal history and a department of corrections record for him. He had shot a man in a carjacking twenty five years ago, when he was eighteen years old, and did seven years in prison. After that the record showed nothing. Where had he been all those years? Why was he back in National City now? Two old time gangsters meeting at Aranda’s shrine could mean a lot of things, but none of them were good.
He sent an email blast to all the law enforcement agencies in the county, including the various state and federal agencies, asking for any recent information on Roberto Castillo. He made sure to say his inquiry was related to a death threat against a police officer, so hopefully it would be taken seriously.  It was a long shot, but it only took a few seconds to send the email. He considered setting up a surveillance on Big Manny in the hope of seeing Castillo, then decided against it. Hernandes had a legion of young gangsters around him, making surveillance impossible. He briefly entertained the idea of simply asking Big Manny about him, then dismissed that as well. If something serious was going on he didn’t want to tip him off.

As Vancamp was trying to track down information on Castillo, the subject of his search was attending a meeting in Rosarito Beach, Mexico. Unlike the first meeting with all the cartel bosses, this one was attended only by Castillo, Vicente “El Gato” Gonzales and his chief lieutenant Jesus “Chuey” Marquez.
“I understand things are not going well in National City, Roberto. You assured me your homeboys would take care of our little problem with Ben Olsen. I hope you are here now to tell me he is dead.”
“No, jefe, he’s not. The police got word of the green light almost immediately and took defensive precautions. And sadly, I must say Varrio Posada is no longer made up of real men, like it was back in my day. Now, it seems to be a collection of boys, dopers and fools.”
Marquez spoke up. “We are the ones who look like fools, Roberto. How do you suggest we proceed from here?”
“I have a few friends from prison who are out now and living in southern California. I took care of some problems for them inside the joint, and they owe me. They are hard, experienced men who have killed before, and they will kill Olsen for me. They have no association with our cartel so the authorities will not come after us when it is done.
“Jefe, I don’t want the gangsters from Varrio Posada getting in the way of these men. I want your permission to remove the green light from Olsen.”
El Gato stared at Castillo for so long he was forced to look away. “I’m told you’ve already removed the green light for Varrio Posada on your own, Roberto. Are you denying this?”
Castillo could not meet his eyes. “No, jefe. It’s true. I was so disgusted and embarrassed by their failures, in a rage I told them the green light was off. I know I overstepped my authority, and I ask your forgiveness.”
“Only God forgives, Roberto, everyone else merely pretends to. You’ve been a good soldier for me for many years, so I will overlook your indiscretion and give your new plan my blessing. I will not be so kind if you fail me again.”

Roberto had not had any contact with his friends from prison in many years. He found Francisco “Mookie” Lopez in El Cajon, a city just east of San Diego. It took him several days to track down the other man. He found his old cellmate, Ramon “Ray” Velasquez living in a single wide trailer in the desert east of Bakersfield, California.
After getting caught up on things Velasquez cut to the chase. “I knew sooner or later you’d come looking for a favor, Flaco. I know I owe you, so go ahead, tell me what you want.”
Roberto told him he needed a National City police officer killed. He did not tell him why, and Velasquez knew better than to ask. “Mookie Lopez, our brother from the old cell block, will kill Olsen. I want you to be the driver and his second set of eyes. He’s already in the San Diego area. Can you meet him there in a few days? I want this done as soon as possible.”
Ray thought it over. “This is no small thing, Flaco, to kill a cop. You saved my life in the pen, so I’ll do this for you, but this is it. After this, we’re square – agreed?”
“Absolutely.” Roberto looked around the dilapidated trailer. “Is there anything you need from me? A car? Money?”
“I can get a car, but I can always use some money. A couple of hundred bucks for food and gas.”
Roberto took out his wallet and started to give Ray some money, then something occurred to him, and he held off. “Is the man looking for you, Ray? Are you staying on the low down? Do you have a driver’s license? I don’t want this to get screwed up for something stupid.”
Ray laughed. “Look around, Flaco. Do I look like I’m living the high life? I collect unemployment and do odd jobs under the table. I haven’t even seen a cop in years.”
Roberto gave him two hundred dollars and told him when and where to meet Lopez.

Chapter Twenty Two

Ben got to the police station several hours before the start of his shift. This was only partly because he was still varying his routes and commute times to confuse any possible criminal surveillance. The main reason he was in so early was to spend some time on the gun range. Like many police departments, the National City station has a pistol range in the basement, and Ben took full advantage of it. He had already put several hundred rounds through his new .45 caliber Glock pistol, but he wouldn’t be satisfied until he shot hundreds more.
Months ago, Ben came upon a gangster who had been shot through the head with a 9mm round from a rival gangster. Not only was the man not dead, he actually fought with Ben before finally collapsing. That incident convinced him the 9mm round has insufficient stopping power, so he upgraded to the larger Glock. Oddly enough, he shot better with the big .45 than he did with the much smaller department issued 9mm pistol he used to carry.
After shooting a hundred rounds Ben cleaned his pistol, reloaded and holstered it, and headed for the men’s locker room to shower and change into uniform. At the pre-shift briefing Sergeant Howard reminded them all to remain vigilant about protecting Ben and each other, then told them to hit the streets. Everyone headed down to the parking garage to load up their patrol cars. Ben got into his squad car, turned the ignition, and the car exploded! The noise was hellish and deafening, and white smoke filled the car, blinding him. In the next milliseconds Ben thought of Jackie and regretted he would never see his unborn twins, then the smoke cleared a bit and he realized he was alive and unhurt. He turned off the car’s FM radio, which had been tuned to an acid rock station at maximum volume. Then he shut off the air conditioner, which had also been turned to the highest fan setting. There was a fine sprinkling of talcum powder covering everything inside the car, including Ben. It was an old, goofball trick – turn the radio way up, fill the air vents with talcum powder, and set the AC fans on high. When the car is started the radio blasts and the talcum powder shoots everywhere. Maybe it’s funny if it scares the hell out of some rookie, but for someone to do it to Ben while he’s facing a serious death threat was beyond cruel.
The sudden noise from the radio attracted everyone’s attention. The whole squad stopped whatever they had been doing and were staring at Ben. Everyone realized how stupid and hateful it was, given his situation, and no one was laughing. Interestingly, Wayne Hopkins was the only squad member not present. Ben gave a half-hearted wave to let everyone know he was okay, then he went to go get cleaned up. As he brushed talcum powder off his uniform in the men’s room he thought to himself, “Well, at least I didn’t have a PTSD flashback. Maybe those peer counseling sessions are really helping.”
Ben’s first assignment that night was to transport a female prisoner to the Las Colinas Women’s Detention Facility in Santee, a town about thirty minutes to the northeast of National City. The woman had been arrested and processed by a detective, so all Ben had to do was drive her to the women’s jail, which he did.
He drove back to National City on highway 94. Typical of most officers, he drove in the left lane at 70 MPH, just over the 65 MPH speed limit. A car approached from behind and flashed its high beams. Ben dutifully moved over one lane, wondering if the car behind him was another cop in a bigger hurry than he was. He also briefly wondered if the car behind him might be a gangster looking to kill him, but he relaxed when he saw it was a young woman driving a Toyota Celica. As soon as Ben moved over she accelerated rapidly and pulled away from him, doing at least ninety. Curious, Ben moved back into the left lane and accelerated to catch up to her, then paced her at 95 MPH. He hit his lights and siren and she pulled over to the right, eventually stopping on the right shoulder. Ben radioed the traffic stop to NCPD dispatch, then got out of his car to speak to the driver.
“Hi, could I see your driver’s license please?”
The young woman was irritated. “Do I have to show it to you?”
Ben had not been a police officer very long and he had made very few traffic stops purely for the purpose of traffic enforcement. The vast majority of his stops were pretext stops so he could check out a suspicious driver. The woman’s attitude confused him. “Yes, of course you have to show it to me. I’m a police officer.”
She removed her license from her purse but did not give it to him. “You’re a National City police officer. We’re in the city of El Cajon, so you don’t have jurisdiction here. Even if you were an El Cajon cop you couldn’t stop me, because we’re on the freeway. Only the highway patrol has jurisdiction here.”
Ben smiled, laughing to himself. Now he understood why the woman had so brazenly sped past a marked police car. “Well, I’m sorry to have to tell you this, but my jurisdiction extends everywhere in the state of California, as is the case for every local and state police officer. You’ve probably been watching too many television reruns of The Dukes of Hazzard, where the sheriff always has to stop chasing them at the county line. Those days are long gone, ma’am. So let me see your license, registration, and proof of insurance, please.”
“Okay, but if you write me a ticket I’m gonna fight it in court. This isn’t right. What are you even doing out here? Don’t they have enough crime in National City to keep you busy?
“We’re plenty busy, ma’am, and you’re the first person I’ve ever stopped for speeding on the freeway. I wouldn’t have stopped you except you really didn’t give me much choice.”
Returning with the completed citation for her to sign, the woman had worked herself into a state of righteous indignation. “I’m not signing this, it’s total bullshit. Just give me the fucking ticket and me and my lawyer will see you in court.”
“Ma’am, signing the ticket is not an admission of guilt, it’s merely your written promise to appear in court or take care of the citation through the mail. Please sign it.”
“No way, asshole. I didn’t do anything, so I’m not signing anything.”
Ben was accustomed to dealing with gangsters, drunks, dopers, and all kinds of criminals, but this young woman with a major attitude problem was a new experience for him. “Ma’am, if you don’t sign the citation then I’ll be required by law to arrest you and take you immediately before a magistrate. That means you’ll sit in jail overnight until traffic court opens tomorrow at 10 AM. And since we’re on the shoulder of the freeway I’ll have to have your car towed, at your expense. Now, will you please sign the ticket?”
Ben returned to National City with the signed ticket and a new respect for motorcycle officers, who did nothing all day except deal with irate motorists.
Later that night, just after 2:00 AM, Ben and Corporal Alberto Salazar were parked together at Paradise Valley Hospital, catching up on paperwork. A car travelling southbound on Euclid Avenue blew through the red light and turned east on E.4th Street. “Hey, Berto, I’m gonna go get that guy. He’s probably drunk.”
“Okay, Ben, I’ll be right behind you.”
By the time they caught up to the driver he had also blown through the stop sign at E.4th Street and Harbison Avenue. Ben pulled him over in the 3100 block of E.4th Street. Wary of a possible set up, he approached the driver carefully, his hand on his holstered gun. The driver had his window down and his San Diego police ID and badge draped over the door. As Ben took the badge the driver said, “Can I go now? I just got off another crappy swing shift and I’m on my way home.” Berto was standing on the other side of the car, in the cover officer position, and he could not hear the conversation.
Ben said, “Look, I know you’re anxious to get home and go to bed, but you can’t be blowing red lights and stop signs in our city. We have lots of accidents at those intersections.”
“Hey pal, I’ve been a cop for twenty years. I don’t need a goddamn traffic safety lecture from some new guy at 2:00 AM. Now give me my fucking badge back and let me get the hell out of here.”
Ben was pissed off. Two traffic stops and two complete jerks. “Stay in your car. I need to talk to my partner a minute.”
He walked back to his patrol car and waved Berto over, then told him about the driver.
“What’s the problem, Ben? Give him his badge back and let’s get back to writing our reports.”
“Berto, the guy’s driving like an idiot and acting like one, too. He thinks he can get away with anything because he’s a cop, and that’s not right. He could have killed somebody. I’m gonna write him a ticket.”
“Ben, cops don’t write tickets to other cops. It’s just not done. I told you about professional courtesy back in field training. I’ve stopped plenty of cops but in my seven years I’ve never written one a ticket.”
“Professional courtesy works both ways, Berto. The guy showed me no respect at all. He acts like he’s the king of the world. He’s getting a ticket.”
“Let me go talk to him, Ben. Stay here.”
A minute later Berto came back from talking with the driver. He was livid. “Wow, that dude has a serious chip on his shoulder. What an asshole. You do what you think is best. I’ll back you up if we get some flack later.”
Ben walked back to the driver, spoke with him for a few a seconds, then gave him his badge back and the driver drove away. Berto was stunned. “What the hell? I told you to go ahead and write him a ticket.”
“No, you told me to do what I thought was best. Even though he was a total jerk, I decided to give him a warning, as a professional courtesy. Maybe he just had a really bad night.”

Chapter Twenty Three

Roberto Castillo drove directly from his meeting in Bakersfield to National City, where he again met with his old friend Big Manny Hernandez. Understandably nervous after having a gun pointed in his face at their last meeting, Roberto started off with an apology. “I was wrong to be disrespectful of Varrio Posada, Manny. Our cartel does a lot of business in National City and I don’t want to jeopardize that. I lost my temper and said some things I shouldn’t have said. I’m sorry.”
Manny was all smiles. “No problem, my brother. We all say stupid things now and then. Forget it. Have a beer. But I’m thinking you didn’t just come to apologize. Do we have some new business to discuss?”
Flaco took the offered beer and drank deeply before answering. “Not really, no. It’s old business. Ben Olsen. I’ve arranged for a couple of guys to take him out. I wanted to ask if Varrio Posada could chill out for a few days and not do anything to stir up the cops. No sense in making things harder for the hitters. Can you arrange that for me?”
Manny nodded his head. “That’s easy. The cops have been on us like stink on shit since this whole thing got started, so most of the guys have been laying low anyway. No problem at all.”
After Roberto left, Manny downed a few more beers while his anger grew. The nerve of that asshole, pretending to be sorry. It was obvious all he cared about was the cartel’s business, not showing respect for his old gang. Respect was everything. They might have been best friends twenty five years ago but Flaco had changed, coming here acting like royalty just because he works for the cartel. Manny would take him down a notch or two, and maybe make life a little easier for Varrio Posada at the same time.

Gang enforcement team officer Tony Rivera looked at the caller ID on his department issued cell phone before answering it. He didn’t recognize the number. “Yeah.”
The caller spoke in Spanish. “Is this Rivera?”
Tony answered in Spanish. “Yeah. Who’s this?”
The caller ignored the question. “You assholes been hassling VP for months now. Well, the green light on Olsen is off. It’s time for the ’hood to get back to normal.”
Tony didn’t believe it for a second. “So, Olsen’s got nothing to worry about then, huh?”
“Not from VP. Maybe he’s got some other enemies. Most cops do.”
It seemed like a reasonable thing to say, but something about the way the caller said it made Tony take notice, and he tried to draw him out. “Sounds like you know something about it.”
There was a long hesitation. Tony could hear the caller taking several swigs of a drink, and he grew tired of waiting. “You called me, pal. Say what you gotta say or stop wasting my time.”
“Two old school guys are coming for Olsen. Sometime in the next few days. It ain’t VP, so get off our ass.”
“Okay. If this is legit I’ll owe you one. Who…” But Manny had already disconnected.

Chapter Twenty Four

As much as Ben loved police work, there were some things about the job that just plain sucked. This was one of them. Earlier this night Ben had responded to a complaint of prostitution activity. He and Lelani had arrived on scene to find a scantily clad young white girl in tears, arguing with a known pimp. With no probable cause to arrest him the pimp was questioned and released. Since it was nearly midnight, Ben arrested the fifteen year old girl for juvenile curfew violation.
Essentially caught in the act, it didn’t take long for the girl to admit she was prostituting herself. She was rather flippant about it, saying she and some of her school friends did it once in a while to get money to buy stuff. It was the week before Christmas and she wanted money to buy presents for her friends. The pimp had come along and tried to persuade her to work for him, and when she refused it turned into a heated argument. Had the police not arrived when they did, it might well have become a kidnapping, what the cops referred to as “gorilla pimping.” Young, clueless girls like this one are snatched off the street, raped, drugged, and forced to work for the pimp.
Stephanie James lived with her mother and father in an upper middle class area of San Diego. After offhandedly admitting to trying to sell herself for money, she suddenly got far less cooperative when Ben asked for her full name, address, phone number, and the names of her parents. A year ago Ben would have been struck dumb at finding a well to do fifteen year old girl prostituting herself, but after eighteen months as a National City cop very little surprised him anymore. The ghetto had a way of quickly turning even a naïve farm boy like Ben into a jaded, hard-hearted street cop. “Look, Suzie, or whatever your real name is, here’s how it goes: you tell me your real name and answer my questions truthfully, then I contact your parents and they come and take you home. It’s only a curfew violation. Or, you keep lying to me about who you are and I book you into juvenile hall as a Jane Doe, where you stay until you tell them the truth, and then your parents pick you up. Save yourself and your parents a few days of grief and just tell me the truth now.”
That did the trick, and Ben was on the phone a few moments later. “Mr. James, this is Officer Olsen of the National City police department. Yes, sir, I know it’s past midnight. Your daughter Stephanie is fine, but I’ve arrested her for curfew violation. Yes, sir, in National City. Do you know where the police station is? How soon can you pick her up?”
Her parents arrived twenty minutes later. As a Marine Corps officer, Ben had several times had the dreadful duty to inform the unsuspecting parents of a dead Marine their son or daughter had died in the service of their country. This was nearly as difficult. “Thank you for coming so quickly. Let’s talk privately before you see your daughter.
“Stephanie is only being charged with a curfew violation, which is not serious, but I wanted you to clearly understand the circumstances involved…”
The James’ left with their daughter, their comfortable world irrevocably shattered, their lives changed in an instant by a midnight phone call. Ben wondered if any of them truly understood how close they had come to something far worse.

Chapter Twenty Five

Interstate 5 runs the entire length of the west coast of the United States, from the Canadian to the Mexican borders. After laboring through the rugged Tehachapi Mountains, once they crest Tejon Pass it’s hard for southbound traffic to resist the long, straight downgrade into Santa Clarita, just north of Los Angeles. For the California Highway Patrol, it is one of the most lucrative speed traps on the whole eight hundred miles of Interstate 5 in their state.
When CHP officer Victoria Masters pulled over Ramon “Ray” Velasquez for speeding she immediately asked for a cover unit. A twelve year veteran, she pegged Ray as an ex-con right away. He had no ID and he was nervous, which made her nervous.
Ray was skittish because everything he had told his old cellmate Roberto was a lie. After getting out of prison he had been sent back twice for parole violations. Released again nine months ago, he had never reported in to his parole officer. A felony warrant for parole violation had been issued, but Ray had avoided arrest by living anonymously in his little trailer out in the desert. Since he couldn’t give his own name, he gave the CHP officer his cousin’s name and date of birth. Their physical descriptions were similar, and they even looked alike. After all, they were first cousins. Hopefully she would find his cousin’s valid driver’s license, issue him a speeding ticket, and send him on his way.
Ray’s plan might have worked, except he got his cousin’s birthday wrong by a few days. When Masters returned to speak to Ray she had her cover officer with her. Ray knew he was screwed when she asked for his middle name. He didn’t even know if his cousin had a middle name, and a few seconds later he was in handcuffs. He hadn’t spent half his life in prison because he was a rocket scientist.

Sergeant Scott Vancamp was sitting at his desk in the gang enforcement team office admiring his new GET T-shirt when he got a phone call from a state parole officer. “You the guy who sent the email asking for information about Roberto Castillo?”
“Yup. But I’m surprised to hear from state parole. My info says Castillo cleared parole years ago.”
“Yes, he did. I’m calling because I’m processing a parole violator named Ramon Velasquez. He’s been on the lam for nine months. The CHP busted him in Santa Clarita, driving south. His record shows he was a cellmate of Roberto Castillo. Sounded like a mighty big coincidence to me - you’re looking for Castillo and his old cell mate suddenly pops up, heading your way. Just thought you might be interested.”
Having been briefed on Tony Rivera’s anonymous tip about a couple of “old school” hitters coming for Ben, Vancamp was interested enough to plan a road trip to Santa Clarita.

Tony and Scott Vancamp left the next morning for Santa Clarita and were at the Sheriff’s substation before noon. They were in civilian clothes and driving an unmarked car. On the three hour drive they mulled over the anonymous tip Tony had received. “I think I’ve got the picture, Tony, but run it by me one more time.”
“Okay, Sarge. First of all, the guy sounded pretty drunk and angry. He slurred some of his words and he paused a few times to drink more. We spoke in Spanish, and from his words and accent I’d have to say he’s a local Mexican guy who’s lived here for most of his life. He sounded older, too, maybe in his thirties or forties. He referred to Varrio Posada several times, and once when referring to the gang he said, ‘…get off our ass,’ so it follows he’s a VP gang member himself. Plus, he said it’s time for the ’hood to get back to normal. That tells me he lives in National City. He called from one of those Walmart cell phones, so there’s no way to track down the owner. 
“Every time I bust a gangster I put one of my business cards in their jail property bag, so lots of them have my cell phone number. A few of VP gangsters sometimes call my cell phone to tip me on stuff, but I didn’t recognize this guy’s voice. He referred to ‘… a couple of old school guys coming for Olsen.’ That tells me several things: One, more than one hitter is coming, probably two, but sometimes a couple means more than two. Two, ‘old school’ means older criminals, and probably not VP gangsters. I think if he was referring to old school VP gangsters he would have said ‘veteranos’ or ‘OGs,’ out of respect. Third, since he said these guys are coming for Olsen in the next few days, it implies they are not from around here and not Varrio Posada. The whole point of his phone call was to get us to ease up on VP. He wanted to tell us ahead of time VP wasn’t responsible for the hit.”
“Wow, I’m impressed Tony. That’s some excellent deductive thinking on your part.”
“Thanks, Sarge, but the other possibility is the whole call was bullshit and we’re wasting our time going to see this turd in Santa Clarita.”
“Yeah, but I don’t think so. It all seems to mesh together. VP gets green lighted to kill Ben. Only the Mexican Mafia, EME, as they call themselves, or a drug cartel could order that. EME doesn’t usually operate that way, so it’s likely a cartel sponsored hit. Several VP guys tried to kill Ben, and they’re either in jail or dead, so VP is getting the shitty end of things so far. Maybe they’ve had enough. Then we have Roberto Castillo meeting up with Manny Hernandes in our city. Castillo’s been off the radar for years and years, so perhaps he’s been in Mexico doing cartel business, and he’s the liaison between the cartel and VP. Lieutenant Anseli told me Castillo and Big Manny were best friends back in the day. Maybe they had a falling out and it was Manny who made the call to you. And the icing on the cake is the arrest of Ramon Velasquez, an old school parolee who was cellmates with Castillo. A buddy of mine, an ex-special forces guy, had a saying. ‘Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times means enemy action.’ This is way past coincidence. Roberto Castillo is the key to this whole thing, I just know it. Now we’ve just got to get Velasquez to spill his guts.”
The sheriff’s deputies at the Santa Clarita substation were expecting them, and Velasquez’ parole agent was standing by with his file. Shortly after their arrival the two National City cops sat down with Velasquez in a jail interview room. By prior agreement, Sergeant Vancamp did all the talking. “Ray, I’m Sergeant Vancamp and this is Officer Rivera. We wanted to talk with you about a few things.”
“Ain’t nothing to talk about. I didn’t report in to my parole agent. Big fucking deal. I’ll go back to the pen and do the rest of my time. Ain’t no big thing.”
“We’re not with state parole, Ray. There’re a few other things we wanted to talk with you about.”
Ray laughed. “What’s LA County want with me? I ain’t even been over them mountains in years.”
Watching his face carefully, Vancamp said, “We’re not with LA County either, Ray. We’re National City cops.”
“National City? I never been there in my life.”
His eyes betrayed him, though, and Vancamp knew he had struck gold. He tapped the large state parole file he had in front of him. “You’ve had a busy life, Ray. Robbery. ADW. Domestic violence. Attempted murder. Burglary. Robbery again. So many misdemeanors I won’t bother to count them. I count at least four strike offenses there, but somehow your lawyers wangled it down to only two officially. You know on your third strike you go away for life.”
Ray leaned back in his chair and relaxed. “So what? I ain’t done nothing except not report in. That ain’t no strike. I could do the twenty months I got left standing on my head.”
Vancamp smiled, but there was nothing friendly about it. “How about conspiracy to murder a police officer, Ray? Last time I checked, that was a solid felony strike offense. I hope you got some pussy this weekend, ’cause it’s gonna be the last you’ll ever get.”
Ray laughed, but it was obviously forced. “You’re dreaming, asshole. I was driving to Magic Mountain to ride the roller coasters. You got nothin’ on me but a speeding ticket.”
Vancamp was not normally a gambler, but he took a big chance now. “Is that why you think you got stopped, Ray? For speeding? Think again. The CHP was waiting for you. We rolled up your partner in San Diego two days ago. He gave up Roberto Castillo, and Castillo gave you up. He said you were gonna be the trigger man.”
Ray was livid, and bolted upright in his chair. “What! That lying motherfucker! Mookie was gonna do the hit. Castillo said all I had to do was drive.” He slumped back in his chair, defeated, realizing he had blurted out far more than he had intended.
The two cops sat there calmly, without saying a word, but in their minds they were screaming “YES!” and doing high fives. The sergeant’s hunch and gamble had paid off big time. All he had to do now was wait for Velasquez to fully understand how screwed he was, and then he’d ask to cut a deal. A non-smoker, Vancamp pushed the pack of cigarettes he had borrowed from the parole agent across the table to Velasquez. Half a cigarette later, Ray exhaled a huge cloud of smoke and said, “That punk-ass bitch Castillo. I can’t believe he gave me up. You know what? Fuck him. You keep me from getting a third strike out of this and I’ll tell you everything I know.”
After getting all they could from Velasquez, which turned out to be little more than Mookie’s real name and address in El Cajon, Vancamp phoned the San Diego district attorney’s office and briefed the street gang prosecutor. The conversation didn’t go well and the veteran cop was angry. “What do you mean we don’t have enough to arrest Mookie Lopez? He’s up to his ass in a murder conspiracy!”
The prosecutor remained calm. “I’m sure he is, sergeant, but at this point we don’t have any proof. Absent any other evidence of a conspiracy, we can’t arrest someone based solely upon the statement of another person. You know that. You’re getting too wrapped up in this because one of your officers is the target. While I sympathize with you, we still have to follow the law. I think I can convince a judge to issue a search warrant for Lopez’ residence based upon everything we have right now. Find a gun, find some kind of written instructions, a picture of Olsen, something to tie it all together, and then you can arrest Lopez. Get him to sing and maybe we’ll have a case against Castillo.”

NCPD detectives sat on Lopez’ house in El Cajon for three days, with no sign of him. That was long enough for Vancamp, who figured someone had spotted the surveillance and gotten a warning to Lopez. With a search warrant in hand, the NCPD SWAT team hit the house, finding no one inside. The detectives and gang team likewise struck out, finding no evidence linking Lopez, Velasquez or Castillo to each other or to Olsen. 
The SWAT raid on Lopez’ house was not without benefit, however. Word of the raid reached Lopez, who promptly fled the state, all thought of killing Olsen abandoned. With Velasquez in custody and Lopez gone, Ben was safe for now, even if the cops didn’t realize it. 
In response to the continuing threats against him, the NCPD chain of command had given Ben a couple of options. Since he had used all of his vacation time on his wedding and honeymoon, he could take an unpaid leave of absence until the threat was over, or he could work exclusively inside the police station, taking phone reports. Neither option appealed to him. There was no telling how long this situation might go on. Ben’s strong sense of duty and responsibility would not allow him to run from the threat. He was a Marine. When the shooting starts, Marines run toward the sound of the guns, not away. He refused to cower from this threat and insisted on working his regular shifts.

Chapter Twenty Six

Nacho was doing so well at his job at Safeway the manager was hinting at a promotion. He still walked to work every day, enjoying the nearly always perfect San Diego weather. One of his pleasant morning walks to work was spoiled when two men in business suits approached him. Having grown up on the streets of National City he didn’t need his special senses to recognize federal cops when he saw them. Everywhere they went they were like fish out of water, and any street savvy person spotted them a mile away.
“Mr. Evangelista, I’m Special Agent Smith and this is Special Agent Jones. We’re with the FBI.”
Nacho laughed. “Smith and Jones? Seriously? You guys can’t do any better than ‘Smith and Jones?’ I bet you’ve even got ID that backs that up, don’t you?”
“Do you need to see our identification?”
“No, you both have ‘FBI’ practically tattooed on your foreheads. What do you want? I’m on my way to work and I don’t have a lot of time.”
“Actually, we wanted to offer you a job. One of our agents attended a street gang conference recently and Sergeant Vancamp of the National City police told him about your special abilities. How they saved some lives and solved a major case. We work in a section of the bureau that specializes in that sort of thing, so his report came to our attention.”
“So ‘The X Files’ wasn’t just a TV show? Give me a break, will ya? Go sell it to somebody else. My only special ability is to know bullshit when I hear it.”
“We’re very serious, Mr. Evangelista. We checked you out thoroughly. Your Brooke Army Medical Center records are quite detailed. They didn’t believe you, but we do. We also spoke with all the cops involved in the incident with the Olsens last year. We’re certain you’re the real thing.”
Nacho had a street kid’s innate distrust for cops, especially feds. But it was more than that. Their auras were gray, as were most persons, indicating they had both good and bad qualities, but he knew these men did not have his best interests in mind. They were totally focused on their job, not his well-being. “Yeah, well, thanks guys, but I had enough of the guinea pig treatment at Brooke. I’m not interested in being poked and prodded by the FBI.”
“You don’t understand, Nacho. You’re not alone. Rare, yes, but certainly not unique. Our unit works with a handful of special abilities people full time and a few more with extremely unusual talents on an as-needed basis. We want you on the team.”
That stopped him cold. He had always assumed he was the only person in the world to be so afflicted. Or was it gifted? He still couldn’t decide, but it was comforting to know he wasn’t alone in the world. He had to admit working with people like himself might be quite interesting. “What’s the job entail?”
The agent smiled like a fisherman getting a nibble. “We have two sections; anti-terrorism and anti-crime. The team members assist case agents as needed. We’re headquartered in Quantico, Virginia, but work all over the world. We’ve had some truly remarkable successes. You’d have to be tested first, to determine where you would best fit in. Team members are considered consultants, not actual agents, but you’d be very well compensated. In fact, you’ll make more money than we do.”
“I don’t think so, guys. I’m pretty happy with the job I’ve got now. But thanks for the offer.”
“You can’t be serious! You’re a fucking stock boy at a grocery store. We’re offering you a high paying job with the federal government.”
That clinched it for Nacho. “I like my job, and I work with good people, not arrogant assholes like you. No thanks.” He tried to step past the men but one of them put a hand on his arm.
“Come with us to be tested. You’ll be paid for your time. If you don’t check out then you’ll be back at your old job.”
Nacho had a bad feeling once he went with these men it wouldn’t be so easy to leave. “What part of ‘No’ didn’t you understand? I had enough of the federal government in the army. I like things fine the way they are.”
“We can do this the hard way if you want, Nacho. When you volunteered for the army you signed up for four years active duty and four more years in the inactive reserves. With a phone call I can get you returned to active duty, then seconded to the FBI.”
Nacho laughed in his face. “Yeah, you go right ahead with that. All I have to do is take off my hat and drool for the army medical board, and I’ll be right back working at Safeway.”
“Do it for your friend Ben, then. He was a Marine Corps officer. All officers are subject to involuntary recall to active duty during time of emergency. We’re still at war in Afghanistan.”
Nacho grew livid at the thought that these people would threaten to screw up Ben’s life to get to him. “You bastards! I knew when I first saw you that you didn’t give a shit about anything except your jobs. Well, fuck you, then. Smith, you’re gonna tell your boss I didn’t check out or I’ll tell your wife about Darla in the records department. And Jones, you back him up or I’ll make sure everyone knows about your favorite thing to do on weekends. Now get out of my way, I’m late for work.”
He walked rapidly away. The agents were both too stunned to stop him. Eventually Jones broke the awkward silence. “Damn, Jake! Are you really getting some from D-cup Darla?”
“Of course not! I’m happily married. What’s this thing you do on weekends?”
The embarrassed agent flushed bright red. “Nothing! I, uh, go bowling. Tell me, are her tits real?”
Jake let out a deep sigh. “We’ll tell the boss he didn’t check out.”

Chapter Twenty Seven

Jackie had settled into a routine at school. She loved teaching and adored her students. At her direction, they had covered the classroom walls with all kinds of holiday decorations.  Christmas, Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, and Ramadan were all represented. The school district officials had decreed it had to be all or none. Jackie thought it was a little foolish, especially since Ramadan was in August, but the kids loved decorating the classroom, it was educational, and that was all that really mattered.
Nearly seven months pregnant with twins, Jackie tired easily. Her original plan had been to continue teaching until the last possible minute, but her gestational hypertension precluded that. Her blood pressure continued to be high and her doctor had ordered her to stay at home and rest during the Christmas break. She was not to return to work until after she delivered. For the sake of her health she knew she really had no choice, but it bothered her that a substitute teacher would finish the year with her students. Despite her disappointment in not being able to teach longer, and the threats against Ben, she felt blessed. She was thrilled at the prospect of having twins, she had a wonderful husband, and a brand new house.
Things were not going as well for Roberto Castillo. His plan to have his old prison buddies kill Olsen had never really gotten off the ground. Velasquez was in custody and Lopez had disappeared. Olsen had a guardian angel, it seemed. Not for the first time, he wondered if someone in the cartel was informing the police. He wanted to bring up the possibility with El Gato, but he was afraid. Almost before the thought left his head his cell phone rang. A shiver of fear ran through him, as if just thinking of El Gato had caused him to call. He had to answer it. “Yes, jefe?”
 “Roberto, I have not seen or heard from you in days. You are neglecting your duties here in Mexico. Come back and take care of things. Your business north of the border is all arranged, yes?”
Roberto correctly assumed El Gato had somehow gotten word his plan to kill Olsen had fallen apart, and he was testing his integrity. The cartel boss, with his virtually unlimited money, had sources everywhere. Perhaps even within some American police departments, and certainly in the jails and prisons. “Jefe, it is not safe for me to cross the border right now. They may be looking for me. This Olsen leads a charmed life. The police arrested one of the men I sent to kill him, and they know the identity of the other. We need to let things cool down for a while.”
“Do not ever tell me what to do, Flaco!” El Gato’s voice thundered with outrage over the phone. “You are nothing but a tool for me to use as I see fit. Remember your place. Olsen must die. Soon. You will kill him, or I will kill you. Is that clear?”
The cartel boss had had hundreds of men killed over the years. He thought no more of killing a man than he did of squashing an ant. Castillo was shaking with fear and glad El Gato was not there in person to see it. “I understand, Jefe. I’ll kill him myself. I’ll kill him the way I killed men in prison, up close and personal, to guarantee it. I will shove the gun up under his vest and blow his guts out, the way I was taught in the pen. I swear it to you.”

Castillo walked into Big Manny Hernandes’ apartment complex courtyard, deep in thought. He was so preoccupied he didn’t hear the young gangster challenge him. “Maricon! One more step and you die!”
That got his attention. He stopped walking, careful to keep his hands in full view. “I’m a friend of Big Manny, here to see him.”
“I know who you are. Take your gun out and lay it on the ground.” The young criminal automatically assumed Castillo was armed. He did as he was told, wondering what was going on. Several teenagers appeared out of nowhere, picked up his gun, and thoroughly searched him. When they were through one of them said, “Now you can go see Big Manny. You’ll get your gat back when you leave.”
After their last meeting Manny had anonymously told the police of Castillo’s plan to kill Olsen. He thought there was an outside chance Castillo suspected Manny had informed on him. It was also possible Castillo had been arrested and the police were using him to set up Manny. Double crosses could be redoubled. Big Manny was taking no chances. Paranoia was just part of life in the ghetto.
“What the fuck, Manny? You’re treating me like some puto from Shelltown instead of a brother from the ’hood.”
“I hear things, Flaco. I heard the cops rolled up your hitters. Maybe they rolled you up, too, and now you’re here to help them get me.”
“I thought all you did was drink beer, Manny? You sound like you’ve been smoking crack. The cops got lucky, that’s all. If I was working for the man you’d already be in jail, or did you forget we sat down together and made plans to kill Olsen? Plans you approved and put into effect. That right there is enough to get you life.”
“Are you threatening me, Flaco? In my own house?”
“No, Manny, no! I’m telling you the only threat is in your imagination. I came here to ask for your help again.”
Big Manny shook his head sadly. “We used to be best friends, Roberto, but that was way back in the day. Ever since you came back to the ’hood you’ve done nothing but stir up shit and make life hard for everyone.”
“I’m gonna be straight up with you, Manny. I’m in serious trouble. El Gato has ordered me to kill Olsen, and if I don't he’ll have me killed. You and I go back together thirty years, all the way to Granger Junior High School. That’s got to count for something.”
“All right, Flaco, I’m listening.”
“I’ve thought hard about this. NCPD is all nutted up about the previous attempts to kill Olsen. They’re surely guarding his house, and he’s escorted to and from work. They never leave him alone on duty; he’s usually surrounded by other cops. Eventually they’ll slack off, but I can’t wait forever. I have to kill him soon, and I’m going to do it next week.
“Here’s my plan: After 1:00 AM, so that only the graveyard shift is on duty, your boys will create some diversions to draw away the other cops. I’ll be listening on a scanner to make sure things go as planned. A man beating his girlfriend will draw two cops. A street robbery or car crash will occupy two more. Then I’ll have someone call in and report a woman being raped in Olsen’s area. Olsen and another cop will respond and find a woman fighting with two men. The rapists will run in different directions and each officer will chase one of them. The one being chased by Olsen will lead him to me, and I will kill him.”
Manny gave it some thought as he cracked open a beer, not bothering to offer one to his old friend. “It seems kind of complicated, Flaco. We can create the diversions easily enough, but what if the cops don’t respond in the way you think?”
Roberto replied, “I’ll have the scanner. The cops are so stupid they say everything out in the open over the radio for anyone to hear. If it doesn’t work for some reason, we’ll just try again another night. But it will work, amigo. They have no choice. Imagine the lawsuits if they didn’t respond to a man beating his wife, or a rape in progress. Their own sense of duty will defeat them.”
“Why not just kill Olsen from a distance with a rifle? Surely El Gato has sharpshooters?”
Flaco laughed. “And rocket launchers, and maybe a tank if he wanted one. Money can buy anything. He’s ordered me to kill Olsen, and I promised him I’d do it up close and personal. And that’s what I will do, with your help. We are men of honor, old friend. We do not kill from a distance. Drive by shootings that kill innocent babies and women, that’s not our way. Let the blacks and the Asians do that to their own people. We are Mexicans, proud descendants of Aztec warriors. Men of honor! When a real man kills he looks his victim in the eye and laughs in his face while he watches him die.”

Chapter Twenty Eight

It was another quiet night. Everyone on the squad was caught up on paperwork. There were only so many coffees you could drink, so many stories to tell or listen to before you went  crazy with boredom. As usual, Berto was the first to crack. “I’m gonna go stir up some shit, make some traffic stops. Will you cover me, Ben?”
“Sure, Berto. I’m bored, too.”
They prowled through the city streets, Berto stopping every car they saw for some reason or other. Cops called it hunting, but they were actually pretext stops – making a traffic stop for a violation of some legal technicality. The real purpose was not traffic enforcement but a chance to check the driver and the car for a more serious criminal violation. Ben recalled one of Berto’s favorite expressions, “Crooks drive cars.” It was perfectly legal, although the practice infuriated liberal lawyers from the American Civil Liberties Union.   Four traffic stops for minor equipment violations resulted in four verbal warnings for the drivers, who never knew their names had been run for warrants, their licenses checked for suspensions, and their breath and behavior carefully observed for signs of intoxication.
On the fifth stop Berto told Ben the driver had been drinking and might be DUI. He checked the driver’s license on the computer in his patrol car. “Ben, his driver’s license is showing law enforcement confidential. He’s a cop. Let’s go talk to him.”
They walked back to the driver and Berto gave him his license back. “Why didn’t you tell me you’re a cop?”
“Actually,” the driver said, “I’m an FBI agent. I knew you’d find out when you ran my license. Sometimes cops take it wrong if I tell them up front. Before you ask, yes, I’ve been drinking. I had two cocktails at a friend’s house in Chula Vista earlier. We’re going to be doing some work here in National City next week so I thought since I was close by I’d drive through and check out the neighborhood as it looks late at night. I’m sure I’m not drunk but if you want me to do the field sobriety tests that’s fine with me. I know you’re just doing your job.”
“No, that won’t be necessary. You’re free to go. Just get that right brake light fixed or you’ll keep getting pulled over. Good night.”
Before the car was even out of sight Ben was all over Alberto. “You told me that guy was drunk. I can’t believe you let him go.”
“He’s one of us, Ben. And I don’t know he’s drunk. He said he only had two drinks.”
Ben scoffed at that. “Every drunk driver always says they’ve only had two drinks. Why didn’t you field test him?”
Berto sighed. “Because if I tested him and he failed then I’d have to arrest him. This way, I can truthfully say I didn’t know he was drunk. He didn’t appear drunk to me, and he didn’t sound drunk, did he? He was very polite and he offered to do the tests. I used my discretion and decided it wasn’t necessary.”
Ben was angry. “That’s baloney, and you know it, Berto. If he was Joe Citizen you would have given him the sobriety tests. You only let him go because he’s a cop. That isn’t right.”
Now Berto was getting angry. “Get off your high horse a minute, Ben. Just a few weeks back you saw a driver blow through a red light and then through a stop sign, but you let him off with a warning, just because he was a cop. And that was after I told you to go ahead and write him a ticket.”
“That was different. Those were just traffic violations. If this guy’s drunk he could kill someone.”
“Your guy was the one who might have killed people, running red lights. My guy was driving perfectly. I stopped him for a bad brake light. Admit it, Ben, you’ve had a hard on for the feds ever since that DEA guy tried to get you fired last year.”
That gave him pause to think. It was true Ben didn’t care much for feds of any variety, but was it coloring his judgment as Berto claimed? He took a few deep breaths and calmed himself down, using one of the techniques he had learned from the vets in his PTSD peer counseling group. “All right, Berto, maybe you’re right. You ready to make some more stops?”
“Nah, let’s call it a night. I’ll find something to do back at the station.”

The next night was busy. Not crazy busy, but the graveyard squad was steadily answering radio calls and even the swing shift units were still hopping as it was getting near midnight. All the usual stuff - domestic violence, narcotics, drunken idiots. Around 12:30 AM it finally settled down. All the swing shift guys went home on time, and the whole graveyard squad met for coffee at a 7-11 at 1:30 AM. They were still under orders not to leave Ben alone.
“122 John with 125 Adam to cover on a report of domestic violence, 259 E.2nd Street. A neighbor reports a male and female screaming at each other and loud noises like they’re fighting.”
“Well shit,” Lelani said. “I was hoping all the drama was over for tonight. I guess the Chuds were just catching their breath. You ready, Berto?”
About a minute after Lelani and Berto drove away dispatch radioed, “123 John with 124 John to cover on a traffic collision, 3030 Plaza Bonita Road, the Plaza Bonita mall southeast parking lot. A car into several parked cars. Mall security reports the driver fled from the vehicle and may be hiding in the parking lot.”
Sergeant Howard got on the radio. “185 Sam. I’ll take the cover on the TC at the mall. 124 John stay with 121 John.”
Everyone acknowledged the squad sergeant’s order. Scott McFadden left the 7-11 store parking lot, leaving Ben and Wayne Hopkins in the very uncomfortable situation of being alone together. They finished their coffees without speaking. As they started for their patrol cars the radio came to life again. “121 John with 124 John to cover on a report of a possible rape in progress, the 2200 block of Beta Street. The reporting party is somewhat hysterical. She says the victim is half naked and screaming and a man is attacking her.”
Ben replied, “Both units copy. Enroute.”
They were hustling now, and Hopkins yelled out, “Don’t expect me to hold your fucking hand, Olsen. You’re not a trainee anymore. If this is a bucket of shit it’s your bucket. I’m just the cover officer.”
They arrived on scene together. Two men were on the ground struggling with a screaming woman. The young Hispanic woman was naked from the waist up and bleeding from a small cut on her face. Her shirt was laying on the ground nearby. At the approach of the police cars both men got up and ran away together, then split apart. Ben chased after the smaller, faster man, knowing Hopkins could not run fast due to his being overweight. Hopkins ran after the second man.
Ben radioed, “121 John in foot pursuit westbound from 2200 Beta, HMA, shaved head, dark clothing.”
Hopkins radioed, “124 John in foot pursuit southbound from 2200 Beta, towards Wrigley’s Market. Hispanic male adult, 5’7” 200 pounds, white T-shirt.”
Sergeant Howard radioed, “185 Sam I’m clearing the mall and heading for Beta Street code three.”
“121 John now southbound on Mann Avenue.”
“124 John eastbound crossing Euclid Avenue.”
“121 John I’ve lost my suspect. Last seen in the dead end of Mann Avenue. Hispanic male, 5’6” tall, 140 pounds, about 20 years old, dark clothing.”
Roberto Castillo stepped out from behind a tree and leveled his gun at Ben from about 30 feet away. “Don’t go for your gun, cop, or I’ll drop you right now.”
Ben was caught flatfooted. This was not the guy he had been chasing. Who was he? Why was he here with a gun? Of course! It was a set up!
Castillo was an experienced killer. He had executed several men in prison and fought with dozens more. He knew surprise and violent aggression were the keys to a successful attack, and a pistol was most effective from close range. As he started to rush towards Ben a voice called out, “Freeze! National City Police! Drop the gun!”
The hardcore gangster’s response was to start shooting. Multiple shots rang out as Ben went to draw his gun and his would be executioner closed the short distance between them. Castillo’s first two shots went wild but the third, from less than five feet away, caught Ben squarely in the chest, then Flaco was on him. Remembering what he had been taught in prison, he rammed his gun up under Ben’s bullet proof vest and pulled the trigger again and again. Ben let go of his still-holstered pistol so he could grab his attacker with both hands.
With Castillo and Ben locked together, Hopkins was unable to safely get off another shot. His first three shots had missed, although one bullet came so close it passed through the criminal’s shirt. He ran up to Castillo and put a round through his head from less than a foot away. The big .45 caliber bullet went completely through his skull, spattering blood, brain matter, and bits of bone all over Ben’s face. He died instantly and collapsed like a rag doll.
Ben released his grip as the dead man fell, took a step back and sat down hard on the filthy dead end street. His face was a blank mask. Castillo’s gun had jammed after the third shot. The long disused and dirty semi-automatic pistol did not cycle properly. The third shell casing only partially ejected from the gun, getting caught in the slide. Hopkins could see the casing standing perpendicular to the gun barrel, a classic “stovepipe.” Although Flaco had pulled the trigger repeatedly the gun could not fire in that condition. The single bullet that hit Ben struck him on his protective vest and he was not hurt.
His mind still reeling from the unexpected attack, Ben sat on the ground with the blood and brain matter on his face and tried to comprehend the fact that his best friend was dead in his arms. “David! David, you can’t be dead! We were just laughing a second ago!”
The two First Lieutenants had been walking side by side down the street in a supposedly secure rear area, discussing an Iraqi community service project.  A single shot rang out. The high velocity sniper’s bullet shattered David Foster’s head and showered Ben’s face with blood and bone fragments. He caught him under the arms before he could fall down, as other members of the platoon returned fire. He dragged his friend behind the burnt out hulk of a car and sat down on the dusty street, David’s destroyed head in his lap.
They had gone through The Basic School together, then the Infantry Officer’s Course. Over those grueling 36 weeks in Quantico, Virginia they had helped each other through some miserable days and shared some good moments, forming a friendship that would last a lifetime. It was solidified in battle as they fought together many times on their first combat tour in the meat grinder called The Battle of Fallujah.
A lifetime friendship. He shook his head sadly at the cruel irony of it. Ben cried unashamedly for his dead friend and the life he now would never have; the utter senselessness of it all. He was crying still when “Little Doc,” the platoon’s Navy hospital corpsman came and shook his shoulder. “He’s gone, LT, Lieutenant Foster’s gone. We killed the sniper and it’s all clear. Let me take him now.” The corpsman saw how stunned Ben was and gently shook his shoulder again. The sight of his platoon leader crying bothered him not a bit. He had seen reactions much worse and even cried a few times himself.
The continued shaking of his shoulder finally brought him out of his reminiscence and Hopkins said, “Jesus fucking Christ, Olsen, get a grip on yourself. You’re crying like a goddamned pussy. Yeah, it was close, but he’s dead and you’re not. Get over it.”

Hopkins radioed the units were code four, not in any danger, and he heard Sergeant Howard’s siren cut off from close by. When the dispatcher requested a status on the two suspects they had been chasing he told them he’d telephone them with an update. All officer involved shootings were a huge deal. The longer the media could be kept away from the scene the better, so he chose to not tell dispatch of the shooting over the radio. As Sergeant Howard rolled up Hopkins hand signaled him to stop his car at quite a distance. He didn’t want to further confuse what he already knew was going to be a huge crime scene. Sergeant Howard parked his car and Hopkins walked over and briefed him. Ben still sat in the street, Castillo’s body next to him.
Upon learning Hopkins had shot and killed the dead man and neither he nor Ben were injured, Sergeant Howard informed dispatch via cell phone. Dispatch called out the homicide detectives and internal affairs. Howard briefed the night shift lieutenant via cell phone, and he informed the Chief of Police.
Berto and Lelani determined the reported domestic violence incident was only a couple having a loud argument. Both of them stated no violence of any type had occurred. As soon as they were back in service Sergeant Howard ordered Lelani to meet him on Mann Avenue and he told Berto to contact the sexual assault victim at 2200 Beta Street. Scott McFadden had been unable to find the driver who had fled the scene of the traffic collision and mall security could provide no description, not even the driver’s gender. The car was unregistered and listed in the DMV record as having been junked earlier in the year.
Berto was unable to locate the sexual assault victim. He knocked on the doors of the nearby houses, but none of the people who answered had seen or heard anything. The 911 call had been made from a cell phone, which later turned out to be a Walmart throwaway.
Hopkins told the sergeant, “I thought the whole thing smelled from the get-go, Sarge. The woman looked more like she was acting than actually being assaulted. I chased my guy for a block or so but as fat as I am there was no way I was gonna catch him, and like I said, the whole thing struck me as wrong. It was just too convenient every cop in the city was suddenly busy and Olsen was all alone. I gave up on my guy and circled back toward Olsen. I figured if it was a set up someone had to be monitoring our radios, so I falsely said I was still chasing my guy across Euclid Avenue when I was actually running back to Mann. You know the rest.”
Ben stood up and walked slowly over to Hopkins and Howard. He was badly shaken, his face pasty white. The sergeant cautioned him, “Ben, don’t say anything yet. Internal affairs needs this done a certain way. Wayne, go back and wait in your patrol car, then somebody will come and take you to the station. You’ve been through this before, you know the routine.”
After Hopkins left, Sergeant Howard asked Ben to tell him briefly what had happened. “Hopkins saved my life. This guy just stepped out from behind a tree, like he had been waiting there for me. He wasn’t the guy I was chasing. That kid was twenty years younger. This guy had me cold, Sarge, then Hopkins showed up and told him to drop the gun. Instead he started shooting and running straight at me. I went for my gun but I’ve got a new pistol with a new, very tight, triple retention holster. I haven’t practiced drawing with it enough. I took a round right on the breastplate and that froze me for a moment, then he was on me, shoving his gun up under my vest. I guess his gun jammed, then Hopkins shot him. He saved my life.”
“Do you know the dead guy, Ben? Hopkins said you called him David.”
“David? No, I was thinking of an old friend. I guess I was in shock. I’ve never seen the guy before.” 
“Do you think it was a set up to kill you?”
“Yeah, it’s gotta be. It’s like the young kid led me right to the older guy, who was waiting to ambush me. Hopkins saved my life.”
“Ben, you’ve said that three times already. I got it.”
“You don’t understand, Sarge. Hopkins hates my guts. At least I thought he did.”
“I told you before, there’re only two kinds of people on graveyard shift – cops and assholes. Hopkins might be an asshole, but he’s a cop first.
“Okay. Go back to your car and wait for me. The homicide dicks and internal affairs guys are gonna want a full statement from you, so start writing things down now while it’s all still fresh in your mind. And the police psychologist is on his way to the station. It’s standard routine in an officer involved shooting. Hopkins is required to see to him, since he did the shooting, but you should talk with him, too. You look like you need it.”
To his great surprise, after giving statements to both internal affairs and homicide, and writing his report, Ben was still able to get off shift on time. He never saw the psychologist.
Too wired up to sleep, he told Jackie everything when he got home. The schools were on Christmas break, or winter holiday, as the politically correct crowd insisted on calling it, and because of her high blood pressure she was done teaching until next fall, if she chose to return then.
In mid-afternoon Sergeant Yang from internal affairs called. “Ben, I hope I didn’t wake you up.”
“No, sir, I haven’t been to sleep yet. Do I need to come in for more questions?”
“No, no. Your written report was quite thorough. I called to tell you the Medical Examiner ID’d the dead guy from his fingerprints. He’s Roberto Castillo, an ex-con. Do you know him?”
“Nope. Never heard of him. Is he with Varrio Posada?”
“He used to be, over twenty years ago. Scott Vancamp is pretty sure he’s got the whole thing figured out. He was actually looking for Castillo before this happened.” Yang filled Ben in on everything Vancamp had learned and suspected. “We believe Castillo orchestrated the whole thing last night; the domestic violence call, the car crash at the mall, and the fake rape call.”
“That wasn’t a fake rape call, Sarge. I saw the girl with her clothes ripped off, bleeding, the guys right on top of her.”
“She disappeared, Ben, and hasn’t called the police or gone to a hospital. We’ll never prove it, but we’re sure it was staged to get you alone so Castillo could kill you. A pretty sophisticated plan, actually. Usually these guys can’t tie their shoes correctly even if they have written instructions. It presents us with a serious problem.”
Ben’s lack of sleep was catching up with him and he was having trouble following everything Yang told him. “What’s the problem, Sarge? The guy’s dead.”
“Ben, you’re not listening. Sergeant Vancamp believes Castillo was working for a drug cartel, probably one of their more senior guys. A serious player. If he’s right, this isn’t over. If they wanted you dead before they want you even worse now that one of their own is dead. With all their drug money they’ll have unlimited resources. If they arrange another set up like the one last night, we’d respond in the same way – we’d have to, you can see that.”
Ben had to admit he was right, and he knew what was coming next. “A couple of detectives should be knocking on your door any minute. They’ve been watching your house since the incident. You and Jackie are going into hiding until we get this resolved. This is right from the chief himself and is not subject to discussion. The detectives will brief you. Meantime, start packing. Oh, and Merry Christmas.”

Chapter Twenty Nine

Ben and Jackie moved into one of several safe houses maintained by the San Diego county district attorney’s office for witnesses who had serious personal safety concerns. This particular one was in the city of Poway, California, twenty five miles north of National City. It was known locally as a cowboy town. It had a rural feel to it and in fact it hosted an ever more popular rodeo every year. Ben felt at home there, but was disappointed to hear he and Jackie wouldn’t be seeing much of the town. The whole point of being in the safe house was to stay hidden. If the cartel was still looking to kill Ben they first had to find him.
Jackie wasn’t up for sightseeing anyway. She was well into her six month of pregnancy and, carrying twins, she felt as big as an ocean liner. Both of them regretted being away from their new home for their first Christmas, though.
Nacho continued to live in the other half of their Pacific Beach duplex. There was no reason to suspect the close friendship between him and the Olsens was known to Ben’s enemies, so he was not considered to be in any danger. Regardless, detectives were staked out on the house around the clock, on the lookout for anyone suspicious who might come looking for Ben. Nacho had offered to pack up and deliver their Christmas tree to them, but the detectives had vetoed that idea, saying it was too risky and might expose their new location. The Olsens had managed to take their Christmas presents with them when they moved. They would have to settle for that.
On Christmas Eve Nacho, Kathy, her seeing eye dog Zoe, and Jackie’s brother Rod visited with Ben and Jackie at the safe house. They had first cleared the visit with the detectives guarding them, then driven circuitous routes, followed by detectives who were themselves looking for anyone following them.
In addition to bringing his gifts, Nacho surprised everyone by presenting the Olsens with a small, but real, Christmas tree, along with a few dozen ornaments and tinsel. They had a grand time decorating the tree while Christmas carols played in the background. Afterwards they opened presents, then talked into the wee hours of Christmas morning, while Zoe contentedly gnawed on her present, a real beef bone.

Sixty miles to the south, Vicente “El Gato” Gonzales, the undisputed head of the Rosarito drug cartel, was also celebrating Christmas. Like most Mexicans, he was a devout Catholic. While the Olsens were opening presents Vicente and his family were attending midnight mass. Directly responsible for the deaths of hundreds of people, and indirectly, through his drugs, the deaths of thousands, Vicente nonetheless took communion with a clear conscience. The capacity of the human mind to justify evil things was apparently limitless. He sat in the front pew of the church, a place of honor reserved for important men such as him. He said a silent prayer for his dead friend and lieutenant, Roberto Castillo. After completing the prayer he experienced a flare of anger as he thought of Ben Olsen, then dismissed him from his mind. There would be plenty of time for Olsen after the holidays. This was a time for God and family.

Chapter Thirty

A few days into the new year, Jackie saw her doctor at Kaiser Hospital. Ben had argued strenuously to go with her, but the detectives protecting him would not allow it. Two detectives drove Jackie to and from her appointment, while others stood watch over the safe house, and still others watched their house in Pacific Beach. It was a lot of manpower, and it was getting very expensive. In the nearly three weeks since Ben was attacked on duty there had been no indication whatsoever the cartel or anyone else was interested in harming him. The district attorney’s investigators, NCPD’s gang enforcement team and homicide detectives were all pressing their confidential informants hard, but no one had any information to share. Because of the cartel’s likely involvement the Drug Enforcement Administration was also working the case. Their informants, some of them within the Rosarito cartel itself, also had nothing to report. They were not even able to confirm the Rosarito cartel was behind the attempted hits on Ben.

Down in Rosarito, the boss of the cartel sat on his veranda beneath the shade of a patio umbrella, puffing on a Cuban cigar and occasionally sipping a bit of fine Kentucky bourbon, something he never did except when alone. In the company of others he drank only the finest Mexican tequila. Even the heads of criminal enterprises had to keep up appearances in public. He was so deeply lost in thought he didn’t even notice the school of Pacific bottle nosed dolphins frolicking just beyond the surf line in front of his house.
El Gato had a lot to think about. Every attempt to kill Olsen had failed. The failure of the street gang members to kill him was understandable, maybe even predictable. However, the fact experienced killers had been intercepted before they even got near him was far more disconcerting. How had that happened? Was it just bad luck? Good police work? And what had happened to Roberto? He was a stone cold killer. How did he not only fail but end up dead? Had El Gato known it was only a jammed gun that had saved Olsen’s life he might have decided on a different course of action. Lacking that crucial bit of information, he had to assume the police had learned of his plan and ambushed him.
Typical of most criminals, the cartel boss believed law enforcement to be hopelessly inept and corrupt. He thought of the legions of Mexican policemen, both local and federal, who were on his payroll, and of the handful of American policemen as well. That led him to the only possible conclusion: there must be an informer within his organization who had tipped off the American cops.
Like the chief executive officer of any large, multi-national corporation, Vicente was highly intelligent, experienced and ruthless. He would never have attained his position otherwise. Who was the informant? It had to be one of his senior men, one of his inner council. No one else knew of their plans. Perhaps one of them was talking too loosely to their wife or girlfriend. He would find out, even if he had to interview them one by one. All that mattered was for the individual to survive the “interview” long enough to reveal his treachery.
In the meantime, there was still the matter of Ben Olsen. He could not be allowed to live. It was way beyond business, it was personal now. No longer able to trust his own men until the suspected informer was found and eliminated, El Gato picked up one of his many disposable cell phones and made a call.

Chapter Thirty One

The rotund man put down the phone and rubbed his ample belly, as he often did when contemplating his next course of action. He gazed out across miles of tropical rain forest and nodded in mute satisfaction. The view from his hilltop fortress in Palmira, a small town twenty miles outside of Cali, Colombia, was magnificent. In every direction, as far as his eyes could see, it all belonged to him. Although Alonzo Contreras was not the legal owner of all that real estate, he indisputably controlled it. In fact, he ruled over virtually all the jungle areas of Colombia and many of the urban areas as well. Some years ago, he had covertly assisted the United States and Colombian governments in capturing or killing the leadership of the Medellin and Cali drug cartels. With his main rivals out of the way he quickly consolidated what was left and assumed control himself. Now, as head of the Contreras cartel he was one of the richest and most powerful men in the world.
Vicente Gonzales and Alonzo Contreras had never met, but of course they knew of each other. They were based in different countries, their markets did not intersect, and thus they were not competitors. Contreras used several smuggling routes through Mexico into the United States, so on occasion his people had need to speak with Gonzales’ people. It was just business. When Vicente had explained what he wanted and why he needed his help, Alonzo understood immediately. After all, Alonzo had once been a secret informer himself, so he knew firsthand how deadly one could be. He assured Vicente Olsen would be dead within a month and he refused the offer of payment. He already had more money than he could ever spend, and it was far better for El Gato to be beholden to him.

Contreras opened one of the many high quality safes in his study and withdrew a disposable cell phone. The phone was preprogrammed with only one number, which he now dialed. After ten rings he hung up and waited. An hour later he was starting to think perhaps the man was no longer alive, or had been caught and imprisoned. He used the man so rarely, and despite herculean efforts to covertly track him down and locate him, he had never succeeded. Contreras knew virtually nothing about him, except that the infamous assassin known as El Terciopelo had never failed to kill his target.
The ringing phone brought a smile to Alonzo’s face, but he did not let his pleasure show in his voice. This was business, after all. After exchanging the previously agreed upon code words both men were ready to discuss matters. He gave the assassin Officer Benjamin Olsen’s name and the name of the police department that employed him. He explained this was an honor killing. As such, before he died, Olsen must be told who ordered his death, and why. “Tell him it is for Roberto Castillo, from El Gato. It has to be done mano a mano. No other way is acceptable.”
When the details of the job were understood they discussed the price. The usual fee would not do for such a difficult job. The astonishingly high price the professional killer demanded was like spit in the ocean to the drug lord, but he complained loudly about it just the same. If he did not, he knew the next time it would cost him even more. Once the price was agreed, the secretive and highly paranoid hit man gave him a new phone number, to be used only for the next job or to cancel this one, and the call was ended.

Chapter Thirty Two

Jackie’s high blood pressure was hovering at the point where her doctor was debating whether to put her on medication to lower it. The problem was anything he prescribed might possibly harm her twins, so he was understandably reluctant to do so. She was in her seventh month of pregnancy and the doctor was hoping to delay the use of potentially harmful medications as long as possible. He decided instead to closely monitor her with weekly visits to his office. It required two additional detectives to escort her each time. It was the straw that broke the camel’s back for the district attorney’s office.
“What do you mean you’re pulling the plug on Olsen’s protective detail? Are you nuts?” Sergeant Vancamp stood up behind his desk and gripped his office telephone with white knuckles. He was livid, and yelling into the phone. “If Olsen gets whacked it’s gonna be on you and your Goddamn penny-pinching boss, Matt. How you gonna live with that?”
Detective Matt Rigley felt bad enough already without Vancamp laying a guilt trip on him. “Aw, come on, Scott. That’s not fair and you know it. I’m just the messenger here. I argued my ass off with the DA to keep the protective detail on Ben, but his mind is made up. It’s been a month now, we’ve got nothing to show for it, and it’s costing a fortune in overtime. No new attempts, no intel at all. As far as we can tell the hit is off. We can’t keep this up forever, you know.”
The gang sergeant took a deep breath and slowly sat back down. He knew Matt was right. In fact, in anticipation of this call he had already gone to his chief and asked for overtime authorization for his own officers to guard Ben, and been turned down. It was never just about cops and robbers. It was always cops, robbers, and the bean counters at city hall. “Okay, Matt, I’m sorry I blew up on you. I appreciate the month you gave us, and I’m speaking for the chief when I say that.”
“It’s not all bad news, Scott. We don’t anticipate a need for the safe house anytime soon, so the district attorney says Ben and Jackie are welcome to stay there until you guys decide it’s time to get back to normal. At least that’ll save you the cost of a motel room, and be a lot more comfortable for them.”

Ben took the news with good grace. “I figured it had to happen sooner or later, Sarge. It was getting kind of old anyway, always having two other people in the house with us. It’ll be nice to have some privacy again. Jackie has been weird enough with her crazy mood swings and odd cravings. I think the protective detail just made things tougher for her, and she’s been itching to move back into our own house.”
“Well, she’s going to have to wait a while longer on that, Ben. The DA is allowing us to keep using the safe house, and everyone here thinks it’s a good idea. We’re not convinced this is over yet, so you and Jackie will be staying put there for a while longer.”

Jackie wasn’t thrilled about staying in the safe house for who knows how much longer, but she was elated about the protective detail going away. “Finally, we’ll have some privacy again, Ben. You have no idea how hard it is for a pregnant woman to live with strange men around.”
“What do you mean? One of the DA’s detectives was a woman.”
Jackie laughed derisively. “She may look like a woman, but trust me; she was all man in her mind.”
Ben was trying to figure out a response that wouldn’t get him in trouble when there was a knock on the front door. It was the first time in a month someone had come to the house unannounced. Following the instructions of their now missing protective detail, Jackie wordlessly went to the bedroom, armed herself with a handgun, then returned and took cover behind the kitchen island. Ben drew his own off duty gun and stood at the wall on the hinge side of the front door. “Who is it?”
“Garry Owen, you freaking jarhead. Open the door.”
Ben moved the window curtain aside and peeked out. Nacho was alone. He opened the door and let his best friend inside. Jackie stood up from her hiding place and walked into the living room. Nacho smiled and said, “Is this any way to greet an old friend, with guns in your hands?”
“You’re supposed to call first, Nacho, and get permission from the protective detail. You know the routine.”
“Yeah, except your security guys are gone, so what’s the point in calling?”
Ben was confused. “You didn’t know they were gone. They left less than an hour ago.”
“I knew they were gone, Ben. I’ve been making a special effort to try to stay in touch mentally with you and Jackie until this business with you is over. I tried to tell you both in your minds I was coming over, but obviously it didn’t work.”
Jackie was intrigued. She was fascinated with Nacho’s strange abilities. “You’ve been trying to communicate with us using mental telepathy?”
“I don’t call it that, but yeah. I’ve been practicing a lot with Kathy and we’re making good progress. As a person blind from birth she seems especially receptive to it. I think she’s even starting to read me a little bit on her own.”
Hearing that, Jackie got so excited she started waving her arms, forgetting she had a loaded pistol in one hand. Ben grabbed her wrist and took the gun from her while Nacho pretended to run for cover. After they all stopped laughing, Nacho grew serious. “I think it really sucks that they took your protective detail away. The threat is not over yet.”
Ben disagreed. “It’s been a month, Nacho, with nothing at all going on. Every law enforcement agency in the southwest has been beating the bushes, pressuring informants. Nothing. It’s over. The only reason we’re not moving back into our house is because I was ordered not to. I bet we’re back in our house next week and I’m back to work after that.”
“You’re wrong, Ben. I’m sorry to say it but you’re wrong. I’m not giving you my opinion about this - I know. Do you understand what I’m saying? I don’t know how I know it, but I do. Whatever is gonna happen won’t happen here, or at your house, but it’s coming soon.”
Jackie wobbled a bit, her eyes rolled back in her head, and she collapsed.

Chapter Thirty Three

The man who Nacho could somehow sense, due to the changes in his brain brought on by his war wound, was indeed coming. After confirming his outrageously high fee had been deposited in one of his many untraceable bank accounts, El Terciopelo immediately began preparing for his mission. When he received the phone call from the drug lord Contreras, he had been enjoying a day on his fishing boat, trolling for marlin. He was staying at his seaside hacienda in Punta Del Tigre, Panama, a small village on the Pacific coast. It was one of several houses he owned or leased in Central and South America, using dummy corporations as the legal owners. Likewise, he had half a dozen different passports and other documents showing him as a citizen of various nations. All of the identities were false but all of the documents were real, including several from the United States. Money bought a lot of things, and big money could buy anything and anybody.
Using an encrypted satellite cell phone he called a trusted contact in Los Angeles and told him he needed information on Officer Benjamin Olsen of the National City, California police department. He hired a car to take him from Punta Del Tigre to Panama City, where he boarded a plane and flew to Mexico City, flying on a Panamanian passport. In Mexico City he spent a few nights at a small apartment he leased. While there, he retrieved several documents identifying him as a Mexican citizen, and also a valid California driver’s license in yet another name. He could easily have flown into the United States using his flawless documents, but since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 he never did so. Although he changed his appearance fairly regularly, he was not adept at elaborate disguises. The Americans were making great strides in security technology such as facial recognition, and they were focused almost exclusively on protecting airports and border crossings. It was far easier and safer to cross the United States border illegally.
Late on his first night in Mexico City, via an encrypted email program, he received a small file on Olsen. It contained a short biography and a detailed physical description of Ben, including a copy of his police academy graduation photo, which he printed out to study.
The next evening he received another file. This one contained the latest street intelligence on Olsen. The hit man learned of Varrio Posada’s unsuccessful attempts to kill Olsen, and he shook his head in disgust at the amateurish antics. Ironically, one of the sources of the updated information was a Varrio Posada gang member.
Another source who contributed to the file was a civilian clerk in the San Diego County district attorney’s payroll office. He told of the protective detail assigned to Olsen and his wife and that they were staying in a safe house. The clerk was not privy to the location of the safe house but all the DA’s safe houses were necessarily located within San Diego County. He also passed on that Olsen’s wife was pregnant and due to deliver twins pretty soon. He had overheard someone talking about her. Payroll records were compiled once every two weeks, so the clerk did not yet know from the overtime paperwork that Olsen’s protective detail had already been discontinued.
The files contained so little information the assassin quickly committed them to memory and destroyed them, but he kept Olsen’s picture.  Very early in his career he had mistakenly killed his target’s brother before learning of his error and eliminating the real target. It had been quite an embarrassment for him, a blow to his professional pride, and he had vowed never to repeat that mistake. With Olsen hiding in a safe house he might not get another photo. The safe house and protective detail would make it much harder to get to his target without a lot of collateral damage. There would be major resources brought to bear over the killing of a single American police officer. If he killed the protective detail police officers in addition to Olsen the manhunt for him would be relentless. Besides, he was not some ham-fisted, murdering butcher. He was an assassin, a surgeon. Like all good surgeons, he took a great deal of pride in leaving the smallest possible scar.
From Mexico City he flew north to Hermosillo, Mexico, a large city in the state of Sonora. Located about four driving hours from the United States border and having a population of nearly one million people, it was a jumping off point for a great deal of criminal activity. From there he had a driver take him north to Nogales, Mexico. The killer had crossed into the United States numerous times over the years, at many different points. When he had business in the southwestern United States he usually crossed at Nogales. He was reluctant to use the same place and the same smuggler each time, because he knew establishing a routine made him predictable. If he was predictable he could be caught. On the other hand, dealing with strangers every time was even more dangerous. As a compromise, he alternated using three different smugglers in Nogales.
Nogales is an ideal place to cross the border undetected. The official border crossing point connects Nogales, Mexico to Nogales, Arizona. It is quite small and security is much more lax than at major crossings. Nogales, Arizona is virtually surrounded by the Coronado National Forest and other federally designated wild lands. Consisting of nearly two million acres in total, it is a sparingly used recreational area. Tens of thousands of acres abut the Mexican border, and there is no fence. In fact, the United States Border Patrol is not welcome in the national forest. The forest service claims the presence of armed officers detracts from the recreational experience and might harm the sensitive environment. It is a smuggler’s paradise.
The border patrol tries to compensate for the countless miles of unpatrolled border wilderness areas by manning strategically placed checkpoints on nearby major highways. From the city of Nogales the main route north is on Interstate 19, to Tucson and Phoenix. There is a permanent checkpoint set up near the town of Tubac. Once in Phoenix, the main route west is on Interstate 10. After crossing into California there are more checkpoints on Interstate 8 and state route 94 on the way to San Diego. Additionally, the border patrol frequently sets up temporary “tactical checkpoints” on both the main and secondary roads in the desert areas of southern California, to keep smugglers and illegal aliens from simply avoiding the permanent ones. The entire network of checkpoints is an inconvenience to criminals, nothing more. As usual, only the stupid ones are caught. The professional killer and his various contacts were most assuredly not stupid. Knowing there are fewer checkpoints between Phoenix and Los Angeles than between Phoenix and San Diego, the hit man had told his contact he wanted transportation to Los Angeles.
Arriving in Nogales, Arizona after an uneventful but quite bumpy ride through the desert, El Terciopelo met up with a Hispanic man and two women. He did not know these people, but they had been sent by his trusted Los Angeles contact. All of them, including the assassin, had valid Los Angeles area driver’s licenses. If they were questioned at a border patrol checkpoint they would simply present their licenses. Two couples were far less suspicious than two men travelling together. They came to three checkpoints on their way to Los Angeles. Under strict orders not to racially profile anyone, at the first checkpoint the border patrol agents simply glanced into the car and then waved them through. At the next one, their IDs were looked at, but not checked on a computer for validity. At the third checkpoint, a temporary one set up on Interstate 10 in California, their vehicle was sniffed by a drug seeking dog, and an agent searched their car. Since he was looking primarily for hidden people or large amounts of drugs or cash, the agent had no reason to go through the various papers, envelopes and documents all of the occupants carried on their persons.
Arriving in Los Angeles about nine hours after leaving Nogales, they dropped the hit man off in an area with many hotels.  He had no intention of staying there, but he let his transportation team think he would. He hadn’t survived all these years by being careless. By pre-arrangement, he made a phone call and not long thereafter picked up two pistols with four loaded magazines and a high quality folding knife. One pistol was a tiny .22 caliber Beretta model 21A Bobcat. Less than five inches long overall and weighing just twelve ounces, it was easily completely hidden when cupped in one hand. The other was a .45 caliber Glock model 36, known as a “mini-Glock.” It was also easily concealable but still packed the major firepower of a .45 caliber pistol.
A short taxi cab ride brought him to the train station, where he boarded a southbound train for San Diego. Even though air travelers are practically strip searched when they go to board an airplane, there are no security checks whatsoever for train travelers. From the downtown San Diego train station he took a trolley eastward, eventually getting off in the city of La Mesa. Fifteen minutes later he found his lodging, a small home on the outskirts of town. The door key was hidden right where the property manager had promised. Over the internet from his Mexico City apartment he had rented the vacation home for a month. The “businessman from Florida” had paid the rent and deposit in advance, and passed a credit check. The internet was a wonderful thing. The assassin was now fully armed and less than twenty miles from his target.

Chapter Thirty Four

The convoy consisted of three jet black Chevy Suburbans with blacked out windows. Even though the vehicles were unmarked, everyone in the city recognized a Drug Enforcement Administration raid team when they saw one. At any given moment there were usually two or three such convoys rolling around Nogales, Arizona. Two of the huge sport utility vehicles were loaded with heavily armed and armored agents. The third one was empty, in anticipation of carrying the drugs and prisoners to be captured in the raid.
The small town and its sister city of Nogales, Mexico, were on the front lines of the drug war. One of the soldiers in that war, and the man in charge of the raid team, was Special Agent Stewart Johnson. Although vastly experienced, he was new to this sector, having been involuntarily transferred here after an unfortunate incident in San Diego County last year. The former number two man there, Johnson had been on the fast track to DEA superstardom. Now, instead of sitting in a plush air conditioned office in San Diego, supervising a dozen other supervisors, he was here, sweating into his body armor as the convoy made its way to the rendezvous point outside of town.
According to a confidential informant, as much as a ton of cocaine would be smuggled in today. The load would be transferred from the van that brought it across the border to several cars for further transit north. Johnson’s raid team would be in place hours before the meeting, and arrest everyone once the first bundles of drugs were transferred.
As the convoy neared its destination Johnson’s radio came alive. “Scout to leader, hold the team in place.” Johnson’s driver heard the radio call and pulled off the road without a word. The cars behind him followed suit.
“Leader to scout, we’re stopped. What’ve you got?”
“There’s a dark blue Ford Econoline van already at the rendezvous. One Hispanic male adult standing outside the van. The hood’s up and the engine is steaming. I thought the meeting was for two PM?”
A glance at his watch told Johnson it was not yet noon. “Maybe he’s early.”
The radio crackled. “Or maybe we’re late. The van’s riding high on its springs. I think it’s empty. And I’m seeing fresh tire tracks heading north.”
“Okay, keep obs on the van and driver. We’ll divert to the secondary hide sites and stand by for your word.”
An hour later the driver got back into his now cooled down van and started driving away. “Scout to leader. Subject is rolling east, back towards the county road. I think we missed it.”
It wasn’t the first time an informant was wrong, and it wouldn’t be the last, but Johnson was still pissed off. “Okay, we’ll stop the van and see what’s up.”
When Jose Martinez saw the police lights come on behind his van he smiled and pulled over immediately. He was a United States citizen with a valid Arizona driver’s license. His vehicle registration was current and his van was empty. The 2200 pounds of cocaine he had smuggled across the border was already on its way to Tucson and points north. Expecting to see a sheriff’s deputy or border patrol agent, Jose was instead surprised to see a DEA agent in full body armor appear at his door. He realized this was not a random stop and he had nearly been caught. The thought of his narrow escape made him smile even more.
Ten minutes later he wasn’t smiling. One of the agents had found a small amount of cocaine in the cargo area of his van, underneath a tool kit. Apparently a screwdriver sticking out of the bag had torn open one of the bundles of cocaine. During the hurried transfer the tool kit had been pushed on top of the spilled white powder, and Jose missed it when he checked the van afterwards.
Special Agent Johnson knew the three grams of cocaine, less than a teaspoon, wasn’t worth bothering about, but he was hoping to make a deal with the smuggler. DEA agents made their careers using informants. If Johnson was ever going to claw his way back up the ladder he needed all the informants he could get. Violating the usual protocol, as team leader he pulled rank on the agent who had found the cocaine, and told him he would interview the driver privately. The disgusted agent just shook his head and walked away. Everyone on the team knew Johnson had been demoted in San Diego and sent here, but none knew the reason why. Seeing the selfish way he was behaving only reinforced the team’s already low opinion of him. Johnson couldn’t have cared less. If it would help him get out of this shithole job in the desert he’d gladly step on the neck of every agent on his team.
Irritated they had missed the transfer of the cocaine load, he turned his anger on the driver of the van. “Martinez, you’ve seen the cocaine we found. You’re looking at serious jail time for smuggling.”
The driver scoffed at that. “You’re dreaming, man. Lots of people use this van. Anybody could have put that stuff there. It sure ain’t mine. And I wasn’t smuggling, I was out here enjoying the desert when my engine overheated.”
“Hey asshole, you see how I’m dressed? We’re not out here bird watching. We knew you were bringing a load across. We were waiting for a van exactly like yours.”
Jose had already figured that, but he knew he was in the clear. “So arrest me then. My record’s clean. First offense, I’ll never even make it to court on that little bit of dope. Can I go now? I got things to do.”
“Yeah, like go to federal prison for fifteen years. Look at this.” Johnson held up a scrap of heavy brown wrapping paper. Part of a scorpion was stamped in red ink on the paper. “The Contreras cartel uses this symbol on their ten kilo bricks. The only way it gets in your van is if you’re smuggling for them. Maybe you ought to rethink your position.”
Jose continued to bluster and deny everything, but Agent Johnson knew he had scored. A few minutes later they got down to business. “Okay, man, I still think this is all bullshit, but I can’t do no fifteen years. If I help you out can you keep me out of jail?”
Over the next twenty minutes Jose told Johnson everything he knew about his smuggling operation. As the agent expected, it was practically worthless and he learned nothing he didn’t already know. What he really wanted was to have Jose become an informant for him, so the next time he brought a load across the border the DEA would be there waiting for it, and Johnson would get all the credit. Informants usually lived the good life for a while, working both sides of the street, impervious to arrest, but more often than not they ended up dying young and violently. Johnson had dropped some obvious hints but the smuggler wasn’t biting. He clearly needed a little more motivation before he was ready to roll over. The agent decided to take him into the DEA regional headquarters and let him sit in a cell while he thought about cooperating. He slowly stood up and pretended to yawn. “Well, that was a complete waste of my time. I might as well waste some more and take you to jail. Let’s go.”
Jose wasn’t lying when he said he had a clean record. He had never been to jail and the idea terrified him. He jumped to his feet in desperation. “Wait! I got something good. There’s a guy coming to kill a cop.”
Whoa, Johnson thought, sitting back down. That came straight out of left field. “I’m listening.”
“I brought him across myself a couple of days ago. I don’t know his name but they call him El Terciopelo. I’ve taken him across once before. He’s a seriously bad dude, kind of a living legend. Word is he’s killed dozens of people. I’m not shitting you, man.
“I was driving him through the desert and he was getting something from his briefcase, then we hit a bad rut and some papers fell onto the floor. When he bent over to pick them up I saw a picture of a cop in uniform in his briefcase - National City PD on the shoulder patch. He doesn’t know I saw anything, or I wouldn’t be alive. Some people met us in Nogales on the U.S. side and drove away with him.”
DEA Special Agent Johnson recalled the Be On the Lookout email from a few months ago. NCPD was looking for info on Roberto Castillo in regard to death threats against Officer Ben Olsen. How could he forget it? That asshole Olsen was the whole reason he was sitting here in the fucking desert, sweating his balls off, instead of enjoying the ocean breezes in San Diego. He also knew his agency was cooperating with NCPD on the assumption that the Rosarito cartel had ordered the hit. It wasn’t much of a leap to conclude the guy Jose had smuggled across must be coming to kill Olsen. This was a big deal, maybe big enough to get his career back on track. After he got a detailed description of the assassin from Jose he gave him a plain white piece of paper with only a cell phone number written on it. “Here, this is my personal cell phone number. I think your story about the killer is a crock of shit you made up just to save your ass, but I’m gonna let you go anyway. Remember, just because I didn’t arrest you today doesn’t mean I can’t come get you tomorrow. I want you to give me a call the next time you hear about a big shipment coming across, okay?”
The smuggler stuffed the paper into his wallet. “Sure, man, yeah, that’s fair. It might be a few weeks though.” He would have said anything to stay out of jail and had no intention of ever calling the agent. He just wanted to get the hell out of there.
After Jose left in the van, Johnson lit up a cigarette and thought about things. As he pondered how best to use the information about the killer to his personal advantage, he realized he was rubbing his jaw. It was a habit he had developed ever since Ben Olsen broke it that day back in National City. It still ached most nights.
In disgust, he tossed his cigarette butt into the dirt. Shit, he thought, this whole fucking godforsaken state is nothing but an ashtray, and I’ll be stuck here until I retire, no matter what I do. Olsen has screwed me forever. His mind made up, he returned to his Suburban and the rest of the team. “Let’s go home, guys. We’ll get ’em next time.”
The agent who had found the cocaine said, “What’d the driver have to say? Is he gonna hook us up on his next run?”
“Yeah, that’s what he says, but you know how it usually goes. He’s a lying piece of shit just like they all are.”
“Yup,” the driver said. “Another wasted day.”
As the convoy headed back to the city Johnson thought it was actually a very good day. A professional killer is going to kill Ben Olsen, and no one deserves it more. He looked out the window and smiled in grim satisfaction. Yes, it was an excellent day, indeed.

Chapter Thirty Five

Ben and Nacho both lunged for Jackie when she fainted, but were too late to catch her. Fortunately, she fell back onto the couch. Ben was extremely concerned, but his years of military and police training took over. “Nacho, call 911. I’ll see to Jackie.”
Jackie came to before Nacho even picked up the phone. “Ohhhhhhh. Ben? I’m okay, I think. It was all just too much for me.”
Nacho spoke up. “Ben, I’ve got the 911 operator on the line. Do you still…”
“No!” Jackie sat up on the couch. “I’m fine, Ben. I’m fine, really. The babies are okay. They’re kicking like mules right now. Please. I spend too much time at the hospital already.”
Ben was not convinced. “Let’s not take a chance, Jackie. Let’s have the ambulance crew check you out, just to be sure.”
She shook her head no. “Nacho, how do I look? My aura? The babies?”
Nacho covered the mouthpiece of the phone and said, “Your aura is bright, Jackie. And Bea and Iggy’s look great.”
They both looked at Ben, who sighed. “Okay, tell the operator what happened but that we’re okay now and don’t need assistance.”
After Nacho hung up the phone, they all sat down on the couch. Jackie was contrite. “I got really excited thinking about Nacho trying mental telepathy on us. Then when he said the threat against you isn’t over, well, I guess I must have hyperventilated. I feel fine now. We’ve got another pre-natal appointment in two days anyway.”
At Jackie’s insistence, they spent the rest of the afternoon trying to communicate mentally with Nacho. Since the threats against Ben’s life, Nacho had been making a concerted effort to mentally monitor both of them, and he was getting remarkably good at it. He had no trouble reading their thoughts, but they were utterly unable to read Nacho or receive any thoughts from him.

Chapter Thirty Six

Jose Martinez had turned down two smuggling runs since his close call with the DEA. The thought of spending fifteen years in federal prison was gnawing at him. He loved the outdoors, and the desert in particular. He couldn’t conceive of being in prison and spending only one hour a day outside. It would kill him. Smuggling was just a game to him, easy money, and pleasant outdoor work. In his mind, it wasn’t even really a crime. He had never seriously considered the ramifications of getting caught until now. If people wanted to use drugs that was their own choice. And if he didn’t bring the dope across there were a hundred other guys who would take his place. It wasn’t like he was selling the stuff to kids. He would never do that. But the cop killer was another thing altogether. He had assumed El Terciopelo was going to kill some high ranking dope dealer - somebody who deserved to die, not a police officer. Maybe the cop was dirty, into drugs himself, or helping the cartel in some manner. That thought eased his mind a bit, but suddenly it was no longer a game. 
He told his cartel contact his sister in El Centro, California was ill, and he was taking care of her and her children until she recovered. He didn’t have a sister, but he was in El Centro visiting his cousin. He knew if he turned down even one more run he might never be asked again, and that was not necessarily a bad thing. The more he thought about it, the more getting out of the smuggler’s life appealed to him. He was tired of always looking over his shoulder. He had socked away a good deal of money - enough for him and his cousin Diego to start a small automotive repair business together.
They were in a little hole in the wall cantina just outside the city limits discussing the idea. Every person in the dive was either from Mexico or of Mexican descent. Only Spanish was spoken, a situation not at all unusual in El Centro, an agricultural town close to the border. This early in the day, only serious drinkers and those with business to conduct were present. Diego was an excellent mechanic and Jose was very good with details and money. It was how he had survived and thrived as a smuggler. Together they would make an excellent team.
It wasn’t long before they had settled on the arrangements for their new auto repair business, and to celebrate they started drinking in earnest. By 3:00 PM they were both roaring drunk, singing songs and making loud toasts to each other and their new business. Visions of a string of auto repair shops across the southwest danced through their heads. The trouble started when Diego proposed a toast to the United States of America. Both of them agreed only in America could two men of such modest beginnings become rich and successful, if only in theory so far. When they started singing “God Bless America” in English it was too much for a very drunk, surly man, who hated America and only wanted to drink in peace and quiet. He staggered over to their table. “Shut the hell up, you assholes!” he yelled in Spanish. Jose was too drunk to notice the murderous look on the man’s face. Instead of taking offense he stood up and offered the stranger a drink. In response to the friendly offer the angry drunk produced a switchblade knife and buried it in Jose’s chest. “Puto! Die here in the land you love so much.”
Jose collapsed onto the table while his cousin could only sit there in shocked stupor. The assailant stumbled out of the bar, wiping the bloody knife on his pants. The other patrons were either unaware anything had happened or too drunk to care. Diego came to his senses and started screaming for an ambulance. When the bartender dialed 911 the cantina rapidly emptied out. By the time the ambulance and a sheriff’s deputy arrived only Diego, Jose and the proprietor remained. The paramedics quickly determined Jose was gravely injured and they hastened to stabilize him before transporting him to the hospital. While they worked on him the deputy desperately tried to get a statement from Jose before he died. Barely alive, his mind became fixated upon the silver star on the deputy’s chest. Just before he lost consciousness he mumbled, “Did he kill the cop? I feel bad about that.” As his life’s blood pumped out onto the filthy barroom floor he wished he was outside, wished he could see the beautiful desert one more time. His last thought before his heart stopped was at least he didn’t die in prison.

Chapter Thirty Seven

The killer who had troubled Jose’s conscience right before he died was himself troubled. His trusted contact, with lots of strategically placed sources, had still not been able to find the address of the safe house where Ben Olsen and his wife were ensconced. It was never his intention to kill Olsen at the safe house. Not with armed policemen guarding him. The target and perhaps even his wife might also be armed. The safe house would surely be alarmed, and have surveillance cameras inside and out. It wouldn’t do at all for the assassin to be captured on video. No, the safe house was just a starting point from which to pick up the trail of his quarry. 
It had been nearly a week since El Terciopelo had arrived in San Diego County. He should have already completed the planning phase and been preparing for the execution phase. He smiled to himself at the ironic thought, then became exasperated with his lack of progress. He had spent the past several days working on a very vexing problem: how to kill Olsen up close without also killing the policemen who were guarding him. Clearly, the only solution was to somehow separate him from his protectors. He also decided he would only kill Olsen in public as a last resort. There were just too many variables out on the street. This was not a suicide mission, it was business. Getting away cleanly, causing no collateral damage, having no witnesses to worry about, was paramount.
The radio was tuned to a Spanish language station and softly played Latin music as the killer fretted. Should he bring in additional men to assist him with a diversion? He had successfully used that technique in the past, but it was always riskier than working alone. He was so frustrated he briefly considered killing Olsen from a distance with a rifle, then immediately rejected the idea. The agreement was for a face to face hit, and that was how the policeman would die. He made his reputation on always completing the contract, and the drug lord who had hired him would expect nothing less.
The music set had finished and a seemingly endless number of advertisements were droning on. Now it was something about a diet pill guaranteed to help you lose weight. Annoyed, he got up to turn off the radio but stopped in mid-stride. “Women who are pregnant or may become pregnant should not use Slimnow or any diet pill without first checking with their doctor.”
That’s it! Olsen’s wife was in the late stages of pregnancy. She must be seeing a doctor frequently, and her husband would most likely go with her. But so would his security detail. Still, if he could follow them from the hospital back to the safe house he would at least have located his target. Using a disposable cell phone he called his Los Angeles contact and told him what he wanted, then he sat down to think some more.

Two days later he received an email on one of his many encrypted, anonymous addresses. He learned the name of Jackie’s doctor and the Kaiser Hospital branch where she was being seen. Her next appointment was two days from now at 10:20 AM. He looked at the picture of Jackie that was also attached, and admired her beauty. Her husband would fight like a demon to protect her and his unborn children – any man would. She would not be harmed, however; it was against his self-imposed code of honor. It never occurred to him that by killing her husband he would irreparably harm her and leave her children fatherless before they were even born.
The final paragraph of the email sent his thoughts in an entirely new direction. Olsen’s protective detail had been discontinued a week ago! Like a nearly completed jigsaw puzzle, the last few pieces of his plan fell easily into place.

Chapter Thirty Eight

Six days after entering the hospital Jose Martinez finally awoke, once again focusing in on Deputy Roy Grady’s badge. “I’ve been waiting for you to wake up. The doctor said I could try to speak with you this afternoon,” said the deputy. “You‘ve been in and out of consciousness for a few days now.”
Flashes of memories came to him, but he was still heavily medicated and very groggy. “What happened to me?”
“You got stabbed in a bar fight. You actually died right there but the paramedics brought you back. Those guys really know their shit. Your cousin Diego told me the whole story and the bar owner identified the guy who stabbed you. He was a regular customer. Don‘t worry, we‘ve got him in custody.”
“I really don’t remember much. We were drinking and then I woke up here. I don’t think I’ll be of much help to you.”
Grady nodded. He expected as much. “The case is a slam dunk. The stabber confessed and your cousin and the bartender will make good witnesses. No worries there. I wanted to talk to you about something else. After you got stabbed and just before you passed out you said something about someone killing a cop. Do you remember that?”
Jose closed his eyes and lay still for so long the deputy thought he had fallen asleep. He got up to leave but the sound of his chair scraping on the floor caused Jose to open his eyes. “No, I don’t remember saying that, but I’m done with that shit forever now. I used to smuggle drugs and people across the border. Running drugs is one thing, but it’s really bothering me that I got some guy across so he could kill a cop. Maybe that DEA agent already busted him.”
The deputy sat back down, notebook in hand. “What DEA agent?”
“I never got his name but he gave me his cell phone number. It’s in my wallet. I was supposed to call him if a major shipment was coming in.” Over the next ten minutes, in fits and starts, the former smuggler told the deputy everything he could remember about El Terciopelo and the National City cop. The effort exhausted him, and Jose was sound asleep before Grady hurried out of the room.
Back in the sheriff’s substation, an excited Roy Grady looked around for someone to tell his news. All of the other patrol deputies were in the field, so he walked into the detectives offices, where three investigators were at their desks. “Hey, guys, I got something to run by you I think is pretty serious. Check this out…”
Silence filled the room when, ten minutes later, he finished his story. Although they dealt with death and murderers on a regular basis, none of them had ever had a case involving an international assassin. Finally the senior detective spoke up. “Anybody ever heard of this El Terciopelo dude?”
Everyone shook their head negatively. Donna Deaver, the only woman in the group, was busy on her computer. “Yo, Donna, you think you might get off your email for a minute and pay attention? The story’s probably bullshit, but we’re talking about a threat against a cop here.”
A few more mouse clicks and she hit the print button. “There! I knew this sounded familiar.” She pulled the email out of her printer and read Sergeant Vancamp’s email to the group.  “We got this quite a few weeks ago. He was looking for info on a Roberto Castillo, but it’s from the National City PD, about a death threat against one of their officers. It can’t be a coincidence. That smuggler’s story must be true.”
The senior detective said, “Javier, my Spanish is pretty good but I never heard this word before. What does Terciopelo mean?
Javier replied, “It means velvet, like, smooth as velvet. Maybe it refers to the assassin’s technique, how good he is.”
Wally Garman, the youngest of the three detectives, said, “No, man, it means a snake, a pit viper.”
Javier snorted. “What the hell, dude, your English ain’t the greatest, and you for sure don’t speak Spanish. The Spanish word for snake is serpiente, or culebra. That’s why they pay me language proficiency pay, homie.”
Wally was not put off, though. “Hey, Maybe I don’t know Spanish, but I know snakes. When I was a kid I made them my hobby, especially poisonous ones. Terciopelo is the Spanish name for the Fer-de-Lance, the most deadly snake in all of Latin America, maybe the deadliest in the world. They call it Terciopelo because it has silky smooth scales.”
“Well, either way, a smooth as silk deadly snake coming to kill a cop ain’t a good thing. The sarge needs to hear this right now.” Motioning to the patrol deputy, the senior detective grabbed the email and said, “Let’s go, Roy. This is your caper, so you should get the credit. Donna, I’ll make sure the sarge knows you made the connection with this email. Nice job.”

Chapter Thirty Nine

Jackie and Ben were once again at Kaiser Permanente hospital, waiting to see Jackie’s doctor. Now eight months along and as big a house, she had a hard time getting comfortable. After a few minutes of sitting she stood up and slowly waddled around the waiting room. Several other pregnant women looked at her and just shook their heads in sympathy. Finally, they were told it was their turn to see the doctor.
After his examination was completed, he stepped back and said, “Well, I was really hoping to get by without putting you on blood pressure medication, but I’m afraid we don’t have any choice now. The good news is you should deliver sometime in the next two weeks or so. Twins seldom go to the full nine month term and, if anything, you’re probably going to deliver earlier than most. I’m certain two weeks on the blood pressure meds will do you a world of good and the period is so short the twins will not be affected at all. Once you deliver your blood pressure will rapidly return to normal.”
Ben wrinkled his brow, concerned about the babies, but Jackie smiled. “Ben, stop worrying! Doctor McGee just said the twins won’t be affected, and it will help me. At this point, I need all the help I can get. I feel like I’m going to explode!”
The doctor smiled automatically, because he knew the patient expected it. Having delivered hundreds of babies in his career, he hadn’t heard a new line from an expectant mother in several years. “I’ve entered a prescription for you in the computer. You can go down to our in-house pharmacy and pick it up before you go home. I also want you to get one last blood and urine test at the lab today. After you get home I don’t want you to leave the house until it’s time for our next appointment, unless you go into labor first, of course. The medication will help but you still need to rest as much as possible. Any questions?”
Ben had several questions, but Jackie grabbed his arm before he could speak and said, “No, we’re all set. Thank you, doctor. Let’s go, Ben.” She practically dragged him out of the office.
As they were walking out of the office Ben protested, “Jackie, I wanted to ask the doctor some questions.”
“You are such a worrywart, Ben. We’d never leave if you had your way, and I’m tired. Let’s go home.”
“First we have to go to the lab for your tests, then we have to go to the pharmacy to pick up your medications, and then we can go home. Sorry, my love.”
“Oh, Ben. The lab and the pharmacy are in different wings of the hospital. The last time we went to the pharmacy we waited a half an hour. And the lab always has a big line. How about if you go to the pharmacy to pick up my meds and then meet me at the lab?”
“I don’t think it’s a good idea to leave you alone, Jackie.”
She laughed. “We’re in a hospital! If I feel faint or go into labor I’ll just tell someone.”
Ben frowned. “That’s not what I mean. I’m worried about your safety.”
“Ben, please! Nothing’s happened in over a month. We’re surrounded by people, and no one’s ever threatened me, anyway. It was you they were looking for. I’m exhausted, and we can save half an hour if we do this my way. Please? For me?”
Ben grudgingly agreed to his wife’s plan. He was a street savvy cop and battle hardened former Marine, but he was a pushover for Jackie.

El Terciopelo watched them arguing from a distance. He had been in the hospital waiting for them since well before the time of Jackie’s appointment. Wearing a light green staff smock over his shirt and tie, he even had an ID badge clipped onto his breast pocket. It wasn’t a Kaiser Hospital badge, but it was obscured by a stethoscope dangling over his shoulder and further hidden by a small clipboard he carried. No one paid him the slightest attention.
He was hoping they would split up, but if not, he would be content to follow them home, discover the location of the safe house, and wait for another opportunity. Moments later, he was pleased to see Ben walking towards him and Jackie headed in the opposite direction. He started slowly walking towards Ben and the two men passed within arm’s reach of each other. A less experienced man might have taken his chances and killed Ben then and there, but El Terciopelo prided himself on his discipline. He followed his plan and walked right on by, pretending to study his clipboard. Preoccupied with thoughts of his soon to be born twins, Ben barely registered any of the people in the hallway. Despite what he had told Jackie, in his heart he felt the chances of an attack on him in the hospital were so remote as to be disregarded.
Jackie turned a corner and lumbered slowly on towards the lab. The sound of someone running caused her to turn and look behind her. A hospital staff member was jogging up the hallway. When he saw her turn he smiled and slowed down. “Mrs. Olsen! I’m Doctor Armendarias, a colleague of Doctor McGee. He wanted me to speak to you about something he forgot to tell you.”
His dress and manner, and the use of her name and her doctor’s name put Jackie at ease, and she stopped walking. “Yes? What is it?”
Several people walked by them as they stood in the hall. “Ah,” the doctor said, “we need to find a bit more privacy. Hospital regulations won’t allow me to discuss a patient’s status in the hallway. There’s a conference room just down the hall a bit in the next corridor.”
They ambled down the hallway, making a right turn at an intersection. Jackie was incapable of walking fast at this point, and waddling was a more accurate description.
Doctor Armendarias pointed ahead. “It’s the last door on the left, there, near the exit. I’m sorry to inconvenience you.”
As they got a bit closer Jackie saw the sign above the door read, “Linen storage,” and she stopped. “That’s not a conference room.”
He brought his right hand up from his waist and said in a low, calm voice, “No, but this a real gun. If you do not follow my instructions exactly I will use it. Keep walking to the exit.”
Jackie saw a tiny gun in the palm of his hand, and her eyes darted rapidly around her. Naturally, there were no other people nearby. “Yes, the gun is small, but very effective. If you scream or try to run away I will shoot your babies. You’ll probably survive, but your babies surely will not, and you’ll have to live with that forever.”
Her mind was working at light speed. “Run?” she thought, “I can barely even walk!” She knew this was not about her, but about Ben. This man was using her to get to him, or was going to hurt her to hurt him. He knew her name, and her doctor’s name. He knew she was having twins, because he said, “babies.” And somehow he had known to wait for her here at the hospital. This was a serious man, not some drugged up gangbanger in National City. She looked into his eyes and saw no humanity there at all. It was like looking at a reptile. Why hadn’t she noticed that before? The idea of this man shooting her babies before she even saw them was so repugnant to her she knew she would do whatever he said, at least for now. “Okay, I’m walking.”
As she started walking towards the side exit door she reached down to the cell phone clipped onto her waist. “Yes,” he said, “just go ahead and give me your cell phone. I’ll return it to you later.”
The exit foyer had several wheelchairs neatly aligned in a row in one corner. “Get into a wheelchair, Mrs. Olsen. It’s a long way to my car and I know you must be tired.” The killer couldn’t care less whether she was tired or not. Jackie was unable to walk fast and he needed to make good time. The wheelchair was the perfect answer.
They exited into the cool January air, the assassin pushing her along at a brisk walking pace. There were people coming and going, but every few seconds the killer would murmur, “Remember your babies, remember your babies.” It was like a mantra, hypnotizing her, rendering her powerless. Three minutes later they were in his car, heading for the freeway.

Chapter Forty

Twenty minutes later Ben arrived at the hospital lab, Jackie’s blood pressure medication in his hand. He didn’t see her in the waiting area, so he assumed she was in one of the little alcoves where they drew the specimens. As he sat down to wait his cell phone rang, playing the Marine Corps hymn. Checking the caller ID readout, he saw it was Nacho. “Hey, Nacho, what’s up?”
“Ben, how is Jackie? What’s going on?”
He could tell from the strain in his voice Nacho was worried. “She’s fine, Nacho. She’s getting her blood drawn now.”
Emphatically, Nacho said, “No, she’s not fine, Ben! Are you with her?”
“Yes. We’re at Kaiser Hospital. What do you mean she’s not okay?”
“She’s scared to death about your babies, Ben. I told you I’ve been trying to mentally monitor both of you since the threats against you started. She’s practically screaming in my head right now. Ask her why she’s so worried.”
“Well, I don’t actually see her. I’m in the laboratory waiting area and she’s in one of the specimen drawing nooks.”
“Goddamnit! Find her, Ben! Something is seriously wrong!”
Ben went to the reception desk and asked the staff member there which room Jackie Olsen was in. When he was told no one by that name had checked into the lab he blanched. Not satisfied, he personally checked all the specimen drawing areas himself, startling both the patients and the technicians. All the while Nacho was saying something through the phone. “Ben, have you heard anything I’ve said?”
“Jackie’s not here! She’s not here, Nacho!”
“I know, Ben. I’m reading her better now. She’s in a car with a man, and she’s blindfolded.”
His fear and frustration boiled over. “What!” he yelled into the phone, drawing everyone’s attention. “What did you say?” Adrenaline was dumping into his system, and without realizing it, he was nearly running in small circles in the waiting area.
The receptionist said, “Sir, if you don’t calm down I’ll have to call security.”
He paid no attention to the staff member, but the repeated beeping in his ear finally got his attention. It was the tone indicating he had another call.

Chapter Forty One

They were rolling down the freeway. As soon as they got out of the Kaiser parking lot and got on the highway, the killer told Jackie to let her hair down. Then he gave her a baseball cap and told her to pull it down low over her eyes and lean back in her seat. The bill of the cap prevented her from seeing ahead and her hair effectively blocked her peripheral vision. She may as well have been blindfolded, but to any passing motorist she looked perfectly normal.
Once they were on the freeway Jackie had peppered the assassin with questions, all of which he ignored. After directing her about her hair and the ballcap he had not spoken a word. After a few minutes Jackie gave up trying to get him to talk, but her mind was racing. Her main concern was the safety of her unborn children, followed closely by fear for Ben. It was her nature that she gave no thought at all to her own safety.
She briefly considered the possibility of trying to escape, then quickly dismissed it. Jumping out of the moving car, even if it was travelling slowly, would harm the babies. She couldn’t run away, even if the car was stopped. She was incapable of running more than a few steps. She could scream for help, but he had promised to hurt the babies if she did. The dead look in his eyes convinced her he would. Perhaps she could get the attention of a passing motorist? She was sneaking her right hand towards the window when El Terciopelo said, “Please keep your hands in your lap.” So much for that idea.
She decided the best and only thing she could do at this point was to try to figure out where they were and where they were going. Unfortunately, for the first ten minutes or so after leaving the hospital she was preoccupied with worry and thoughts of escape and didn’t pay attention. She had no idea now where they were or what direction they were travelling.
Moments later they exited the freeway. That, at least, was easy to feel. She kept track of the left and rights turns they made but then realized she had lost count. She sighed. It was pointless anyway. They could be in any of half a dozen different towns by now, or still in San Diego. A few minutes later the car stopped and the engine was shut off. She heard the sound of an automatic garage door closing.
“We are at our destination, Mrs. Olsen. You may remove the hat and pull your hair back if you wish. I’m certain you’ve thought things over and come to realize due to your condition your options are extremely limited. Do I have your word you will not try anything foolish?”
“My word?” Jackie was dumbfounded by the ridiculousness of his question. Was he seriously saying he would trust her word?
“Mrs. Olsen. I would like to treat you like a lady and am asking you to act like one. If you wish, when we get inside I will tie you into a chair and blindfold and gag you.”
“Oh! No, no, that won’t be necessary. I’ll behave. I just want to know what’s going on.”
“I think you already have a good idea what’s going on, but I’ll explain everything when we’re inside.” He got out of the car, walked over to the passenger side door, and opened it for her. “Please get out and walk through the door there. Stop in the first room and sit down on the couch. You may lay down if it makes you more comfortable.”
Jackie got out of the car and walked inside the house. She assumed it was a house because they had parked inside a standard two car residential garage. There were shades drawn on the garage windows, and blinds down on the windows inside the first room. It appeared to be a middle class family room or den. After they were inside, the killer closed the connecting door to the garage, then locked the door with a key. “As you can see, I have installed key locks on the only doors to this room, so don’t bother trying to open them. The windows are also locked shut. Do not open the blinds. There’s a bathroom right there, which you may use anytime. In fact, I am going to want to make some private phone calls, and when I do you will go into the bathroom and close the door. You’ll find the only window there has been boarded over. Please, Mrs. Olsen, try to make yourself comfortable. We may be here for some time. Now, I need to call your husband. He must be worried about you.”

Chapter Forty Two

“Nacho, I’m getting another call. It’s Jackie! I’ll call you back.”
“No! Leave me on the line and use three way calling. I need to hear what’s going on.”
He hit the button for three way calling and said, “Jackie! Are you okay?”
A male voice with a Hispanic accent said, “Your wife is fine, Officer Olsen. And your babies are fine, too. For now, at least.”
Reacting purely from his gut, Ben blurted out, “I’m going to kill you, you son of a bitch.” Listening on the third line, Nacho was stunned. It was the first time since he had known Ben he ever heard him swear.
Completely ignoring his bald statement, the killer went on, “We have business to discuss, Officer Olsen, but first I am going to let you speak to your wife. Once you are assured she’s okay, and you can focus on other things, we will talk again. Here she is.”
He covered the phone’s microphone with his hand and whispered, “Remember, Mrs. Olsen, your babies. Always remember your babies. Be very careful what you say.”
Jackie took the phone and said, “Ben! Oh, Ben, he said he would hurt our babies! There was nothing I could do. I…” she started sobbing and he took the phone from her hand.
“Jackie! Jackie!”
The male voice was back. “As I said, your wife and babies are fine. They are not in any danger so long as you follow my instructions. If you choose not to cooperate with me then you will be responsible for their fates.”
Ben let out an inarticulate growl. He was so enraged he nearly crushed the phone in his hand. Only after great effort did he force himself to calm down and think rationally. “What do you want me to do?”
“Ah, that’s much better. I knew you would come to understand your position. Just a moment, I need to make sure your wife is comfortable.” He put his hand over the cell phone microphone and said, “Mrs. Olsen, please go into the bathroom now and close the door. I wish to speak to your husband privately.”
After Jackie had gone into the bathroom he continued speaking to Ben. “First, I think you already realize I am not one of your pathetic local street gang thugs, or some ex-convict. I am a professional. Always keep that in mind.
“Do not inform the police, the FBI, or anyone else about this. I have sources in law enforcement at all levels and I will know if you do so. The moment I find out law enforcement has become involved your wife and children will die. They are merely the tools I have used to get to you. I have no interest in hurting them and I give you my word they will not be harmed in any way so long as you cooperate.
“I’m going to be completely honest with you, Officer Olsen, because I know you’re the type of man who can handle it. The plain truth is, I have been hired to kill you, and that’s what I’m going to do. I’m offering you a deal, the only deal: give up your life so your wife and children may live.
“You are a former soldier, a war hero, a man of honor, as am I. In battle, you undoubtedly put your life on the line many times for your men. Surely now you will not hesitate to lay down your life to save the lives of your family. There are no other options. I know you will see your duty and do the right thing.”
Ben was thinking feverishly of alternatives. He was back in his wartime mode, blocking out the danger, the din of combat, ignoring the intense pressure to always make the correct life or death decision. Calm, rational, and exclusively focused on the mission: bring Jackie and his babies home alive. “Are you asking me to kill myself?”
The killer responded, “Suicide is highly honorable in some circumstances. In a way, that is what I am asking you to do. Is it an act of suicide or heroism when a soldier throws himself on a grenade to save his brothers in arms?
“I don’t want you to kill yourself, though. I simply need you to show up at a certain place, at a certain time, and I will do it for you. In exchange, your wife and children go free and unharmed.”
Ben’s response was instantaneous, genuine, and heartfelt. “It’s a deal.”
The silence that followed went on for so long Ben feared the cell phone connection had been lost. “Hello?”
“I’m still here, Officer. Of course you say yes to my demand. How could you say otherwise? I’m not sure I believe you, though, and after some reflection you may change your mind. Here’s the next step. I’m going to disconnect and call you back in one hour, using a different phone. I want you to use that time to carefully consider your decision. When we talk again I’ll instruct you on how to save your wife and unborn children.”
“I don’t need an hour! I’ve already agreed to your deal. Tell me now what you want me to do.”
“One hour. Remember, if you alert the authorities I will know, and your wife and children will die.” 
Ben started to protest, but the connection was broken.

Chapter Forty Three

“Nacho, are you still on the line?
“Yes. I told my boss I had an emergency and I left work. I’m nearly home. Can you come pick me up?”
“I need to call NCPD first, and then the FBI. I don’t think I’ll have time to get you.”
“Ben, no!” His voice shaking with emotion, he continued, “He’ll kill Jackie. I could hear it in his voice. He’s telling the truth about having law enforcement sources. I can help you with this, Ben. Let me help.”
“Nacho, this is too important to trust to your sixth sense. I can’t take the chance.”
“Ben, I was already starting to read the kidnapper over the phone! I’ve never been able to do that before. He’s particularly easy to read for some reason. Maybe it’s because we’re both Colombian.”
“He’s Colombian? Are you sure?”
“Absolutely. I knew immediately from his accent and I also know from his mind. But I’m not getting anything now that he’s off the phone.”
“I don’t know, Nacho. I can’t see how it does us much good. This guy might have some local sources but surely not within the FBI. They’re experts at this stuff. They’ll know how to handle it.”
“Ben, you’re not listening. He’s Colombian, not American. Born there, just like I was. He’s exactly what he told you: a professional killer. I saw it in his mind. His thoughts weren’t clear, but I got the general sense of it. I know he’s Colombian. A guy like that, isn’t it just as likely he has federal law enforcement sources as local ones here in California? And more importantly, I’m reading Jackie as clearly now as if she were talking to me. Give me some time to learn more from her.”
The beeping tone indicated an incoming call. “Nacho, I’m getting another call. It’s from a blocked number. It’s only been a few minutes, but it might be him again. I’ll put you on three way again.”
“Hello?”
“Ben, it’s Sergeant Vancamp. We got a call from the sheriff’s office in Imperial County. They have credible information a professional assassin crossed the Mexican border over a week ago, and he’s coming to kill you. You could be in extreme danger right now. Where are you?”
Ben was again thinking furiously. So much for trying to decide whether or not to tell to tell the authorities. Was this a big break or a disaster in the making? But, wait a minute. Clearly Vancamp doesn’t know Jackie’s been kidnapped.
“Ben? Ben?”
“Yeah, Sarge, I’m here. Just trying to get a grasp on what you said.”
“Where are you, Ben? I want to get some officers around you right now, then get you back in the safe house if you’re not already there.”
Making up his mind, Ben said, “I just left Kaiser Hospital with Jackie. We’re driving back to the safe house now. We should be there in twenty minutes or so.”
Vancamp sounded relieved. “Okay, I’ll send the guys straight to the safe house, then. Keep your eyes peeled and don’t stop anywhere for any reason.” 
Having lied to the sergeant, Ben was jogging to his car. “What’s the story with this guy, Sarge?”
“The sheriffs got sort of a death bed confession from a smuggler, but the guy lived. He says he brought a contract killer across the border over a week ago. According to the smuggler, the killer is well known within the Contreras Colombian cartel, famous, even. They call him El Terciopelo, which is the Spanish name for a deadly snake. Our dope cops never heard of him, but we’re making inquiries to the DEA and FBI. The sheriffs are convinced it’s good info, Ben. We can’t take any chances.”
“Okay, Sarge. We’re about fifteen minutes out.” He broke the connection with the NCPD gang sergeant. “Nacho, you still with me?”
“Yup. I guess this means you’re picking me up?”
“Yes, I’m on the way now. Stay on the line and brainstorm with me as I drive.”
“Let me hang up, Ben. I want to concentrate on Jackie and learn as much as I can. We don’t have a lot of time. We need more time! Think about ways to buy us some.” He hung up before Ben could object.

Chapter Forty Four

While her captor was in the other room speaking with Ben on the phone, Jackie was busy in the bathroom. Immediately after entering she tried to lock the door, only to discover her abductor had reversed the doorknob. The door was now lockable only from outside the bathroom. She could be locked inside, but she could not lock him out. She urinated and flushed the toilet. It seemed like she peed a million times a day now. She fruitlessly searched the tiny bathroom for something to use as a weapon. In anticipation of keeping her in there, the killer had meticulously taken out virtually every movable object. The medicine cabinet was completely empty, as was the storage below the sink. He had even taken the small aluminum tube that held the toilet paper. All he left was a roll of toilet paper, a hand towel, and a few paper cups.
She next turned her attention to the boarded up window. Set in the wall about five feet high, it was a long, narrow, horizontal window. Built to allow light into the bathroom while preserving the privacy of the person inside, it was far too small for her to crawl through. If she were somehow able to remove the half inch thick piece of plywood screwed in place over it, she would be able to see outside. Perhaps she could signal to a passerby or a neighbor. If she broke the window she could scream for help. Of course, she had no way of removing the wood cover. Even if she did, he would hear her break the window and her scream for help would last only as long as it took him to come in and shut her up. She might be able to barricade herself inside by wedging her body against the door, and then scream her head off. Until he simply shot her through the flimsy door. It was hopeless.
Sitting on the closed seat of the toilet she gave in to despair and started sobbing. This was all her fault. After Ben had been stalked and shot last year he wanted to quit the police department and move back to Wisconsin. She had talked him out of it, and now it was happening all over again. Why Ben? Why her? All she wanted was to have her babies and lead a normal life! Was that too much to ask?
The twins were unusually active; kicking, punching, squirming. It felt like they were break dancing inside of her, and she couldn’t help but wish again none of this insanity was happening. Her thoughts of a normal life made her think of Nacho, who was as far from normal as anyone could get. Nacho! He said he was mentally monitoring her and Ben. Maybe he was reading her mind right now. It gave her hope and she decided to look around the bathroom again. Help me, Nacho. Give me a hint. Something I missed, anything. The boarded up window made the room much darker and she wished the light in the bathroom was brighter. The light! It was a fluorescent tube above the medicine cabinet, about eighteen inches long. If she stood on the toilet she could remove the light bulb. Swung like a club into his face, it might break and do some damage to his eyes. Inspired now, she quickly thought of the medicine cabinet mirror. She could break the mirror then wrap a large shard of glass in the hand towel and use it as a knife to cut the bastard’s throat! Lastly, she thought of the toilet tank top. A heavy ceramic piece, it would surely knock him out if she whacked him over the head with it.
In her condition she was slow and clumsy. There was no hope of a successful frontal attack. She had to wait for him to be distracted, or create a distraction herself. She could no longer hear his muffled voice through the door, so he must be off the phone. She sat back down on the toilet lid and mentally thanked Nacho for helping her.

Chapter Forty Five

Nacho heard Jackie thank him as clearly as if she were standing beside him on the front steps of his house, talking out loud. He had packed a knapsack of fruit, candy bars and bottled water and was waiting for Ben to arrive. He was so frustrated and angry that for the first time in months the recovering alcoholic desperately craved a drink.
He was reading Jackie better than ever before. It was like he was seeing with her eyes, hearing with her ears, feeling with her hands. Even smelling the odors of the bathroom she was in. Although he was trying mightily, he was having no luck whatsoever in communicating with her. Jackie might think he had told her to use the light bulb as a weapon, but she was wrong. She thought of that idea, and the other improvised weapons, all on her own. His mental connection to her was strictly one way, from her to him.
He was concentrating so fiercely he was getting a headache. He was even reading the thoughts of her twins, which he tried to tune out to focus on her mind. They felt their mother’s intense fear, and it made them restless. That fear was triggering powerful hormones in her body, and the time until the birth of her twins could be measured in hours. They knew it somehow, so he did, too.
Ben drove up and parked in front of the house. The beep-beep of the car horn startled Nacho out of another attempt to contact Jackie. He jumped in the car just as Ben’s cell phone rang.
“It’s a blocked number.” He pulled over to the curb and put the phone on speaker. “Yes?”
“Ben, where are you? My guys are already at the safe house.”
“Sarge. Ah, something came up.” He pulled back out into the roadway.
“What the hell, Ben? I gave you explicit orders to drive straight to the safe house.” The irritation in his voice was loud and clear.
Ben looked at Nacho for help. He shrugged his shoulders and mouthed, “Stall him.”
“It’s Jackie, Sarge.” Nacho was violently shaking his head no, but Ben just waggled a finger at him. “Her water broke and we’re headed back to Kaiser. We were nearly at the house when it happened. We should be at the hospital in ten minutes or so. I’m sorry, I should have called you right away.”
“Okay, Ben. I guess that’s understandable. I’ll send a couple of detectives there right now. Be careful.” They hung up.
Ben let out a deep breath. “Well, that bought us another fifteen or twenty minutes, but he’s not gonna buy another excuse. I hope you have some kind of a plan, Nacho.”
“Right now, let’s get checked into a motel room somewhere close by, and park the car out of sight. When you and Jackie don’t show at the hospital they’re going to assume the worst and start looking for you, no matter what you tell them.”
As they drove to a nearby hotel in Pacific Beach they discussed the situation. “Okay, let’s review what we know and make a few assumptions. We know he wants to kill you, Ben. He told you so. We know he’s Colombian, both from me and from the sheriff’s source. We also know from the sheriffs he works for the Contreras Colombian drug cartel. So, I think we can assume he wants to kill you up close and personal, like a vendetta killing. That’s pretty common in Colombia. If he just wanted to kill you he could have easily followed you from the hospital to the safe house and killed you with a rifle from a distance. I also think he doesn’t want to kill Jackie. Again, he’s a Colombian man. Latin tradition honors women and children, and men who harm them are despised. I think he took Jackie as bait to force you to go to him.”
Ben was nodding his head in agreement. “That all makes sense to me, except the part about him not wanting to hurt Jackie. She’s seen his face and can identify him. Why would he let her live?”
“I told you, Ben. It’s a machismo thing. Whoever ordered the hit on you is probably also a Colombian man, so it goes double. Maybe he’s wearing a disguise. Maybe he doesn’t care if she sees his face. He crossed the border illegally and he’ll probably leave the country right after he kills you.” He saw the look on Ben’s face and said sheepishly, “Oh, sorry, pal. That came out wrong.”
Moving on quickly to another topic to cover his embarrassment, Nacho said, “He’s got to meet you somewhere if he intends to kill you face to face. That’s your chance to kill him.”
That made sense to Ben, but upon reflection he said, “Why not just call in the cavalry once we know the location of the meeting place?”
Nacho was sputtering now. “Ah, well, shit. It’s never that easy, Ben. I don’t claim to be an expert on this kind of thing. You’re the cop.”
Ben was incredulous. “I thought you had a plan!”
He pulled into the rear parking lot of the Beach Haven Inn, a small motel in Pacific Beach. The car was not visible from the street. Nacho got out of the car. “I’ll check us in under my name. I guess it doesn’t matter at this point what you tell the sergeant when he calls. He’s not going to believe anything you say anyway. But you need to buy us some time with the kidnapper. Even a couple of hours might be long enough.”
“Long enough for what?”
There was a look of grim determination on Nacho’s face. “For me to get inside his head.” He was walking towards the motel office when Ben’s cell phone rang, stopping him in his tracks.
“Hello?” Ben said.
“Ben, it’s Scott Vancamp. My guys are at the hospital. They’ve checked the ER and the maternity ward and can’t find you.”
He mouthed “Sarge” to Nacho and gestured for him to go check in. “Yeah, Sarge. I may as well level with you. We’re not at the hospital. In fact, I don’t know where Jackie is. This El Terciopelo guy has kidnapped her.”
Vancamp exploded. “Holy Christ, Ben! When did this happen? Why didn’t you tell me before? What the fuck were you thinking?”
Now Ben was pissed off. “I was thinking my pregnant wife had been kidnapped by a professional killer and I’m trying to deal with it. Nothing else matters. He said if I told the authorities he’d kill her and our babies.”
Realizing the incredible stress Ben must be feeling Vancamp let out a big sigh. “I’m sorry, Ben. You must be going crazy with worry. But I’ve got to focus on rescuing your wife. And now that I know I want you to go to the safe house and I’ll get the ball rolling with the FBI.”
“No.”
“No?”
“No! I’m in a safe place with my friend Nacho. You know about his special abilities. He’s reading Jackie’s mind perfectly. He knew she was in trouble and called me before the kidnapper did.”
“The kidnapper called you?”
“Sarge, please listen to me. Nacho is our secret weapon. He’s already learned important information. He knows Jackie’s okay. The FBI would never believe him and just go into their standard protocol. You know that.”
“Ben, the FBI does this for a living. All we do at the PD is call them, then it’s their show. Now that I know I have to tell them.”
“What are they gonna do without me? And I’m not coming in.”
“They’re already involved. When we heard from the sheriffs we asked the FBI and DEA for info on El Terciopelo.”
“Yeah, but that was just a routine information request to their headquarters. Somebody’s going to email you a file and forget all about it. If you tell them about the kidnapping the local office is gonna go crazy, and maybe the kidnapper will learn of it through his sources.”
“I can’t not tell them, Ben. It would mean my job.”
Pleading now, he said, “I trust Nacho, Sarge, and I’m asking you to trust me. Give me a day, a few hours at least. Please. It’s my wife, my children.”
After a pause, Vancamp replied, “All right, Ben. It’s almost noon. I’ll give you until 3:00 PM, and not a minute more. I really hope we all don’t regret this.”
As Ben disconnected the call Nacho returned to the car with a room key. “What did you tell him?”
“The truth. He’s angry, but he gave us three hours. After that he’s calling in the feds.”
They went into the motel room. Ben collapsed into a chair and Nacho sprawled on the bed. “Now you’ve got to buy us some time with El Terciopelo. Any ideas?”
Ben said, “Yeah, I think so. He’s going to call any minute, so let’s talk about your plan fast.”
Nacho sat up. “I can read him, Ben. I know I can. His thoughts are blurry and I just need to get them into focus. He and Jackie are sitting in a living room of a house. I can see him and hear him through her. It helps a lot, but I can’t quite see his thoughts. If I can read him we’ll know his plan, and then we’ll make our own.”
“But you’ve never been able to read a stranger from a distance before.”
“I know, but this feels different somehow. Just now it was like a cloud moved away from the sun and everything got bright for a few seconds, then the cloud came back. If we knew where they are we could get closer. Maybe we could drive around town. Or even better…” He was interrupted by the ringing of the phone.

Chapter Forty Six

Jackie had spent the last twenty minutes or so in the living room with El Terciopelo. She started off pleading with him to spare her husband, but after a few minutes of listening to that he told her if she didn’t stop he would gag her. Desperately hoping Nacho was reading her mind, she tried to engage the killer in conversation. She wanted to get him to reveal something about himself or where they were, so Nacho could learn of it. It was a very good idea, but the assassin ruined it by completely ignoring her.
She gave up and settled on studying his face. At least, if she did not survive, perhaps Nacho would have a good idea what the man who killed her looked like. “Mrs. Olsen, you can stare at me all you like, but it will do you no good. What you see is but one of many appearances I use. This isn’t my first rodeo, as your American cowboys like to say.”
He had slipped, and Jackie felt the thrill of a breakthrough. Now I know he’s not from America. And I know he makes mistakes, too.
“I’m afraid it’s time for you to go back into the bathroom. I have to make another phone call.” With difficulty, she raised herself off the soft couch but somehow overbalanced and slipped back down on her rear end. “Oh!”
The killer quickly crossed the room and extended his hand to her. “Here, let me help you up.”
“No! Don’t you touch me! I’ll do it myself.”
“Very well, suit yourself.” He stood next to the couch and waited as Jackie tried again to stand. She made it to her feet but looked so wobbly the killer grabbed her arm to steady her.  “Tell me when you feel up to walking into the bathroom,” he said.
After a few seconds she felt better and walked into the bathroom. As soon as she closed the door El Terciopelo took out a disposable cell phone and called Ben.
“Officer Olsen. I hope you’ve spent the past hour thinking about your situation, and how you really have no choice other than to do what I say.”
“Yes, I see that. I’m willing to trade my life for the lives of my wife and children. I’ll do whatever you say, but first I want to speak with Jackie, to make sure she’s okay.”
“Very well. I’ll put you on speaker.” He crossed to the bathroom and stood by the door. “Mrs. Olsen, I have your husband on the phone. I’m going to open the door so you can speak to him.”
He opened the door to find Jackie sitting on the closed toilet seat. “Say something, Mrs. Olsen.”
“Ben? I’m okay. The babies are okay. I love you, darling. And send my love to your younger brother, also.”
His voice choked with emotion, Ben said, “I love you, Jackie, with all my heart.” Then he realized what she had said. “My brother’s crazy about you, too. He says he hears your voice even when you’re not around.”
The killer took the phone off speaker and closed the door to the bathroom. “All right, Officer Olsen, as you heard, your wife and children are fine. As long as you cooperate with me they will not be harmed. Now, listen to me closely. I know you’re thinking of trying to kill me when we meet. You are a warrior, and you can’t change your nature. I actually admire you for it. But, here is why you can’t do that: if you kill me you also kill your wife. Jackie will be in a separate location, watched over by an associate of mine. If I do not contact him at certain times he will kill her. Once you and I have completed our business I’ll call him and he will release her. Is that clear?”
“Yes.”
“Good. When you come to meet me, you will wear only a T-shirt, shorts, and open sandals. Nothing else. I will give you a location to drive to. When you arrive, park and wait for my call. When I call, I’ll give you another location. I have people watching each spot, and a large area around each of them. I’ll do that until I’m satisfied you are alone and not being followed. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
“When you get to the final location I will tell you the address of a building and which door to walk into. You will walk inside, close the door behind you, and remove all your clothing. I’ll be monitoring that room with a webcam. Once I see you are not armed I will enter the room and kill you. If at any time you fail to follow my directions or if I see anything I don’t like, your wife and babies are dead. Do you understand everything I’ve said?”
“Yes, I understand.”
“Very well. You’ll be leaving in five minutes. First I…”
“Wait! I need some time. I have to change my clothes, and I’m not at home. And I need to get my affairs in order. Bank accounts, investment accounts, that kind of thing. Funeral arrangements. Jackie’s due any day now, she won’t be able to take care of those things. I didn’t think I’d be dying today.”
The killer’s voice was stone cold. “I couldn’t care less about your bank accounts or funeral. As for clothing, if you’re wearing long pants then cut them off at the knees and go shirtless and barefoot. Now…”
“I want to write a letter to my children.”
“What?”
“My unborn children. I’ll never get to see them and they’ll never get to see me. I want to write them a letter, to tell them who I am, and why I’m gone. I want to tell them about life, about honor. You claim to be a man of honor, or were those just words?”
“One hour.” The line disconnected.

Chapter Forty Seven

Ben closed his cell phone and turned to Nacho, who had heard the whole conversation on the speaker. “Jackie’s hanging tough, Nacho. She knows I don’t have a younger brother. She was referring to you, and your abilities. ‘Send my love.’ She was saying she’s trying to communicate mentally with you. And I told her you’re hearing her loud and clear.”
Nacho was extremely excited. “That’s great, Ben! It’s gotta help that she’s trying just as hard as I am. Right before he called I told you the killer’s mind got really clear for a few seconds. I mentioned before he sounded like he’s from my part of Colombia. He’s a Cubeo Indian, just like I am! He thinks in the language my parents taught me. It’s gotta be why I’m almost able to read him from a distance. I never met anyone in my life who spoke Cubeo except my family.
“Something must have happened just before he called that cleared up the connection between us. I think he and Jackie were touching.”
Ben recoiled at the thought of it. “What?!”
“Listen to me, Ben. The problem is distance. I can read Jackie from far away because we’ve spent a lot of time together. I’m reading her so well it’s almost like I’m in the same room with the killer, but he’s a complete stranger and it’s not enough. I need Jackie to touch him, to hold on to him. I’m certain physical contact will allow me to see his thoughts. Imagine the advantage that would give us. We could learn where Jackie is, where he’s waiting to kill you. If we know those things we call the SWAT teams in and let ’em do their thing.”
“Nacho, this is crazy. I don’t want Jackie anywhere near that guy. There’s got to be another way.”
“Maybe so, but I don’t know what it is. And I’ve only got an hour to get into his head. I’m gonna lay down and close my eyes, so I can concentrate on getting a message to Jackie.”
“Let me know the second you get through to her.”
“Oh, don’t worry, you’ll know.”

Chapter Forty Eight

“Mrs. Olsen, I’m off the phone. Please come out.”
Jackie opened the door and stepped out of the bathroom. She was exhilarated from her brief conversation with Ben. He had understood her secret message and even told her Nacho was reading her mind clearly. It could only mean he was there with Ben, helping him right now. If only Nacho could speak to her! She had to concentrate, to make it happen.
Jackie told the hit man, “I’m not feeling well. I’m going to lay down and rest.”
“That’s an excellent idea. Take a nap. This will all be over soon.”
Jackie laid down on the couch and closed her eyes. Sleep was out of the question. Her mind was racing and she was terrified of what might happen to Ben. She couldn’t imagine life without him. And the twins growing up without their father? It was too horrible to contemplate.
Nacho had told her he and his girlfriend Kathy were getting pretty good at communicating mentally. He thought because she had been blind since birth she was especially receptive to mental telepathy. Her hearing must be particularly acute. Jackie decided to clear her mind of everything and try to listen mentally. She failed miserably. Within seconds her thoughts focused on Ben, then her children, back and forth, like watching a tennis match.

Nacho had a whopper of a headache. He tried everything he could think of to get through to Jackie. She was bombarding him with thoughts of her children and Ben. It was like an annoying advertising jingle he couldn’t get out of his head. Her right foot itched. Her lower back ached. The twins were restless. He knew her every thought, memory, emotion, sensation. He had never read anyone so clearly and completely. He knew things about Jackie and her babies she did not know herself: she would go into labor within hours. She had a cavity in one of her teeth. Beatrice would be left handed. Iggy had blond hair, like Ben. He knew all this, but he was utterly incapable of telling her a single word. Despite her intense desire to communicate mentally, subconsciously she still did not believe it could happen, so it didn’t.
For the first thirty minutes after Nacho laid down, Ben simply stared at him, waiting for some sign he had broken through to Jackie. He spent the next twenty minutes pacing back and forth like a caged animal. Finally, realizing Nacho was not going to succeed, he sat down to write a letter to his unborn children. He couldn’t think of anything so profound as to be worth writing down. The paper was still blank when Nacho spoke. “It’s no good, Ben. I just can’t get through to her. I’m so sorry.”
Tears of frustration, anger, and love for his friend flowed down Nacho’s face when Ben hugged him. Ben, who had dragged him out of the gutter, out of the depths of his alcoholism. The most honorable man he had ever known was now going to die. “It’s okay, Nacho, it’s okay. I know you’ve done everything you can. Some things just aren’t meant to be.”
Grasping at straws, he said, “I can follow you mentally. I’ll know where you are, where you’re going, as soon as you do.”
“No. Keep trying to get through to Jackie. If you don’t, I’ve made my peace with it. El Terciopelo was right. I’m happy to give my life to save my family.”
“You’ll save them, Ben. I feel it, I’ve seen it. Your babies will be healthy, born today. I’m sure of it. Iggy has your hair.”
Ben laughed at the incongruousness of the words, then he choked up. They had been through so much together. In the same war, the same battle, over there. Fighting together here, in a different type of combat, but combat just the same. Nacho had saved his life last year. Jackie’s, too. No one could possibly ask more of a friend.
Nacho felt bad about misleading him. He was certain the twins would be fine, just as he said, but he knew Ben believed he meant Jackie would be okay as well. In truth, he had no idea if Jackie would survive the day, and it scared the hell out of him.

Chapter Forty Nine

Nacho pushed away from Ben. “Jackie just went back into the bathroom, and he locked the door. He’s never done that before. He’s getting ready to call you.” Moments later Ben’s cell phone rang.
“Yes?”
“I gave you your hour, Officer. No more excuses.”
“I’m ready. Tell me what to do.”
“First, do you have a navigation device in your car?”
“Yes.”
“Good. That will simplify things. Are you dressed as I instructed?”
“Yes. I cut my long pants into shorts.”
“Go to your car and get ready to drive.”
He and Nacho walked to his car, and Ben got inside. “I’m in my car.”
“Tell me where you are.”
“In a motel in Pacific Beach.”
“Excellent! If you have lied to me, I’ll know it shortly, and you’ll pay for it. Your first stop is Kate Sessions Park in Pacific Beach. Program it into your device and tell me how far away it is.”
It took only seconds to program the car’s GPS. “It says it’s 2.3 miles, seven minutes.”
“I’ll call you in ten minutes. You better be there.” The line disconnected.
Ben shifted the car into drive. “Nacho, keep trying to break through. Call me if you learn anything important. Thanks again for everything.” The two men had already said their goodbyes, and both were starting to get teary-eyed, so he drove away.
Eight minutes later Ben sat in his car at Kate Sessions Park, waiting. He carefully scrutinized every person he could see. There were only a few people around, and none of them looked suspicious. He snatched open his phone when it rang. “Yes?”
“Do you see the large Eucalyptus tree near the children’s playground?”
“Yes.”
“Stay on the phone and walk towards it.”
As Ben approached the playground area El Terciopelo said, “There is a bench to your left, with a paper bag underneath it. Pick up the bag and return to your car. Stay on the phone.”
He picked up the bag and returned to his car.
“Now, open the bag, remove the cell phone, and turn it on. It will ring in a moment.”
Seconds later the new cell phone rang. “Yes?”
“We’ll do our business on this phone. Remove the battery from your cell phone and drop it out your window. You know, of course, you are being watched.”
Ben did as he was told, realizing Nacho could no longer call him. Perhaps he would have an opportunity to call Nacho on the new phone.
The killer’s voice was emotionless, almost robotic. “The cell phone you picked up is incapable of making calls. It’s programmed to receive calls only from my phone. Also, it’s been modified to alert my phone if it detects another cell phone transmission within five feet of it. So, if you were thinking of using another cell phone to speak to someone, I will know it and kill your wife. Do you understand?”
A second cell phone! What a great idea. Too bad he hadn’t thought of it. This guy really was a professional. “Yes, I understand.” Ben couldn’t help the dejection in his voice. He was screwed.
“Your next destination is 2600 Chollas Fill Road in San Diego. It’s 16.2 miles from you. Do you agree?”
He punched it into his GPS. “Yes. It says twenty five minutes travel time.”
“Park in the cul-de-sac. I’ll call you in twenty five minutes.” The line went dead.

Chapter Fifty

Jackie sat on the closed toilet seat in the small bathroom. Her captor had locked the door after she went in, something he had never done before. This is it, then. He must be arranging to meet Ben somewhere and kill him. She could still hear him murmuring on the phone. If she was going to stop him it had to be now, before he left.
The boarded up window was not an option. She needed a weapon, and then she had to get him to unlock the door. He’d surely hear her break the mirror, and then he’d never open the door. So, it was either the toilet tank top or the fluorescent light tube. She lifted the tank top off the toilet and knew right away it was too heavy and awkward to be of any use. After putting the top back, she tried to step up on the toilet seat lid to reach the light above the medicine cabinet. She couldn’t do it! She had to lean forward and hold the sink while stepping up, and she was just too big, the toilet seat lid a little too high. God, she loved that she was pregnant but she hated being fat! It didn’t help that the twins seemed to be wrestling each other inside of her. She lifted the seat lid and the seat itself, which cut about three inches off the height, then she tried again. She had her right foot on the lip of the bowl and was starting to boost herself up when a voice in her head said perfectly clearly, “Touch.”
She was so startled her foot slipped into the toilet, soaking her tennis shoe and the cuff of her sweatpants. She lost her balance and fell to the floor. Desperately trying to protect her babies, she was able to ease her fall by fiercely gripping the sink with two hands. Still, she landed painfully on her rear end. The idea of obtaining a makeshift weapon was forgotten as she frantically examined herself to see if her babies were okay. Everything felt the same, except for her sore butt.
When her fears for her unborn children subsided, she was left awestruck about the voice in her head. It wasn’t actually a voice, not really. It was a picture, sort of. A thought, but not her own. A notion, but more concrete. A concept.  Nacho had finally done it. But what did he mean? She waited breathlessly for more, but minutes went by with nothing. Belatedly, she became aware her foot was still in the toilet bowl. By scooting backwards on her rear end she was able to extend her leg enough to lift her foot out, leaving a small puddle of water on the floor. Being careful not to slip on the wet floor, she awkwardly turned on her side in the tiny room. She had just gotten to her hands and knees when the voice came again. “Man.”
Man? Touch him? Touch her kidnapper, the person who wanted to murder Ben? She’d love to get her hands around his throat, but otherwise the thought of touching him disgusted her. What was the point? With difficulty, using the sink as a crutch, she got off her knees and went to sit on the toilet. At the last moment she realized the lid and seat were both up. She managed to flip the seat down before making a complete fool of herself. 
After a minute it came to her. That day at the Torrey Pines Glider Port, Nacho said he needed to touch her to be sure of the sex of her baby. When he did he learned there were twins, but he didn’t tell them then. And Kathy had told her how he allowed her to “see” by touching their heads together that day at Point Loma. Ben said on the phone Nacho was hearing her voice even when she wasn’t there. Maybe he was feeling what she was feeling, too. Her body would be the pipeline connecting El Terciopelo’s mind to Nacho! All she had to do now was get him to open the door.

El Tericopelo was using the time before the next call to pack his travel bag. He had already checked his .45 caliber pistol. It was loaded and ready to go. He’d hold a pillow in front of the gun when he shot, to smother the sound. In this quiet, residential neighborhood, even if a neighbor heard the noise they wouldn’t think of gunshots. That was for the inner city. After killing Olsen he would immediately drive to Arizona or Texas. In a day, two at the most, he’d be in Mexico. From there he would catch a flight to one of his houses in Central or South America, and take a vacation.

Jackie was racking her brain, trying to think of a sure-fire way to get her captor to open the bathroom door. He must be expecting her to try something, why else lock the door? She was idly swinging her foot back and forth, the tip of her shoe making a squeaky sound on the wet floor. Of course! What could be more believable than a pregnant woman going into labor? The bastard made a big show of being a gentleman and treating her like a lady, all the while holding her against her will and planning to kill her husband. Hopefully his warped sense of honor would compel him to open the door and help her.
She quietly scooped up handfuls of water from the toilet and soaked the crotch of her sweatpants, then the inside of the right leg. She tried a soft moan and whimpered for help. Louder the second time, then louder still. There was no response. Perhaps he couldn’t hear her through the door. She filled her lungs for a good, loud shriek when the voice in her head emphatically yelled, “Hold!” It was so incredibly loud and painful she reflexively covered her ears with her hands as tears sprang into her eyes. The anguished scream that passed through her lips was quite genuine.

Chapter Fifty One

Ben had gotten to Chollas Fill Road a few minutes early and waited an agonizing four minutes before the phone rang. “Yeah.” Why bother with phone etiquette when you knew it was a killer on the other end?
El Terciopelo was equally brusque. “1520 Joliet Street in El Cajon. Program it.”
Seconds later, Ben replied, “12.6 miles. Twenty one minutes.”
“Don’t be late.” For a fraction of a second before the line went dead Ben thought he heard a woman scream.

As he ended the call the killer was so startled by Jackie’s scream he fumbled the phone and nearly dropped it. In times past he had tortured people to obtain needed information, and he knew a scream of pain when he heard one. This one was real, and so loud he was worried a neighbor might have heard it. He rushed to the bathroom and threw open the door.

Jackie was frozen with fear. After that scream, she had no doubt her captor was coming. She had only seconds to decide what to do. Did “hold” mean stop, don’t touch him? Did something change? Was touching him now the wrong thing to do?
The door to the bathroom flew open. El Terciopelo stood well away from it, his hands protectively in front of his face, like a boxer. Despite the blood curdling scream he was still expecting an attack. When he saw Jackie, ashen-faced and shaking, sitting empty handed on the toilet, he stepped closer. “Mrs. Olsen, what happened?”
She didn’t hear him, because at the same time, the voice in her head said, “Hold man.”
Her non-responsiveness alarmed the killer. “Mrs. Olsen! Can you hear me? What’s happened?”
Doing her best to sound realistic, she gasped out, “Pain. My water broke. Hurts bad.”
“Here, let me help you to the couch.” He extended his hands to her, but instead of reaching out to him she slumped over and started toppling towards him. He instinctively grabbed her under the arms to keep her from falling to the floor. She was dead weight in his hands. He lifted her to her feet, but she was like a rag doll, draped across his body.
“Can you walk?”
She mumbled something inaudible. He half carried, half dragged her to the couch. After several attempts, he got her arranged properly and stood up, but she clung to his hand. “Please. My babies. Something’s wrong.”
“I’m not a doctor. I don’t know what to do. I can get you some water. Would that help?”
“I need a hospital.”
“That’s impossible. I have drugs to make you sleep. They’ll help with the pain.”
“No. It might hurt the babies. I need a hospital.”
“In an hour. You have to wait one hour.”
That meant Ben had less than an hour to live! She squeezed his hand in a vice grip brought on by rage. The killer mistook it for fear. Seeing her chance, she said, “Then hold me. I just need to feel like I’m not alone. Please.”
The killer knelt down beside her, and took her hand in both of his. Once, as a child long ago, he had aspired to be a healer. Then his world collapsed and he turned to killing instead. “All right. For a few minutes.”

Chapter Fifty Two

Nacho was ecstatic. He had finally gotten through to Jackie! If only he had figured out how to do it earlier, this might already be over. Now it was up to Jackie to find a way to touch the killer, and hold on to him as long as possible. He’d try to send her another message in a minute, but he had to call Ben first, to tell him the news. This changed everything. If Ben could find a way to stall again they might have a chance.
He dialed Ben’s cell phone but it went immediately to voice mail. What the hell? If his phone is off how is he talking with El Terciopelo? Maybe he ordered him to turn it off until a specified time, when he would call again. He called back and left a voicemail, excitedly telling him of his breakthrough, and to stall somehow. Then he worked on sending a better message to Jackie.
He had gotten two concepts through to her: “touch” and “man”. She figured it out pretty quickly. He knew she would. He was reading her mind clearly, and she was smart as a whip. He tried to send “Hold him,” but she wasn’t getting it. “Hold” seemed like it should be easy enough, but it wasn’t. And “him” was way too abstract for a baby, so he went with “man.”
Nacho had repeatedly failed to get through to Jackie. After Ben drove away, he kept at it. He was hearing Ben’s thoughts, and Jackie’s, and the babies’ all at the same time. He had to tune the others out to concentrate on establishing a bond with her. In a flash of intuition, it occurred to him there is no stronger bond in the world than the one between a mother and her children. And think of the connection between a mother and her baby still in the womb! Inside of her, always touching her, and physically fused through the umbilical cord. He tuned out Jackie and focused on Beatrice.
He had “known” Bea her whole life, practically from the moment of her conception. His connection with his namesake, Ignacio, was also strong, but not nearly of the quality he had with Bea. He had mentally checked in on them both almost every day of Jackie’s pregnancy.
Once he decided to communicate with Bea the two-way connection was made swiftly and easily. Her mind was a gigantic sponge, eager to soak up knowledge. The problem was she had no words, and no experience outside the womb. “Touch” is a concept babies understand, because they explore their world inside the womb using their hands and feet. “Man” was harder. Fortunately, she had a brother in there with her. “Man” to Bea was a grown up Iggy. It took a while, but she got it.
“Hold” was toughest of all. In the womb, babies suck their thumbs, and hold their fingers, hands, toes and feet. The twins sometimes held each other through their amniotic sacs. It should have been easy, but she kept forming a picture of herself sucking her thumb. “Suck man” was definitely not the message Nacho wanted to send to Jackie.
After Bea grasped a word/concept, Nacho assisted her in passing it along to her mother. In that way, Jackie received “touch” and “man.” When she finally understood “hold” she passed it on to her mother quite enthusiastically, hitting Jackie like an electric shock and causing her to cry out in pain.

Chapter Fifty Three

The killer’s thoughts had slowly been coming into focus for Nacho. First, it was like a hunter seeing movement in a thick forest before sunrise. Maybe it was a deer, or a bear. Heck, maybe it was sasquatch. Useless. Later, it was like hearing a conversation from another room. He had an idea of the tone and intensity of the words, the changes in volume, different speakers, but still too far away to understand the words themselves.
Most recently, Nacho was seeing the assassin’s thoughts as if he were wearing someone else’s reading glasses. Maddeningly just out of focus.
When El Terciopelo grabbed Jackie in the bathroom and helped her to the couch everything instantly snapped into perfect clarity. His vision of the killer’s mind was way beyond 20/20. He had never experienced anything like it. It was as if he had a microscope, a telescope, and everything in between. Every second they were in contact he was bombarded with vast amounts of information from the assassin’s mind. He couldn’t possibly remember it all. It was like trying to catch Niagara Falls in a five gallon bucket. He had to focus only on things that would be of use in freeing Jackie and saving Ben.
Searching his mind, he found the killer’s plan for Ben and Jackie. It was disappointingly uncomplicated, and nearly identical to what he had said over the phone. Ben would show up, according to the plan, unarmed and naked, in about thirty minutes. The assassin would kill him and Jackie would go free. The few clever wrinkles he learned changed nothing this late in the game. Besides, he had no way to contact Ben. He knew about the phone switch now.
He saw the address of the house where he was holding Jackie. He could call in the police, but he knew the killer would fight rather than surrender. He had foreseen that the twins would be okay, but he had no such insight on Jackie’s fate. If he called in the cops and she was killed he’d never forgive himself.
If he could get to the house himself he would not hesitate to shoot the killer, but it wasn’t possible. He had no gun, no car, and was about thirty miles away.
He had to find something to use against him. Some weakness, or great desire. El Terciopelo had killed hundreds of people. For a few years it had been an obsession, a calling. Later, when the fires of his passion had finally cooled, he was so good at it he became a contract killer. Looming over everything was the memory of a single, life-changing incident in his childhood. A memory so horrendous and ghastly it was seared into his brain. So fresh and vivid he lived with it every day of his life, despite the passage of many years.
Knowing this one incident formed the cornerstone of all El Terciopelo had become, Nacho focused on it and the memories around it.

Chapter Fifty Four

Miguel loved life. The Colombian rain forest along the Amazon River was both his school and his playground. For a young Cubeo Indian boy, it was an idyllic existence. The people in his village did not have last names, they were all simply, “The People.” Most had traditional Indian names. Some, like Miguel, whose parents regularly ventured to the outside world to work, were given modern names.
When he was just five years old, the village shaman, called a “Daria” in their language, chose Miguel as his apprentice. It was a great honor, for the Daria was highly respected and immensely important. He was the village healer, seer, the keeper of secret knowledge, and much more. If Miguel paid close attention and passed the ritual tests he would eventually become the Daria, when his mentor passed over to the next world.
Over the next several years, in addition to attending the village school, he learned much from the shaman. As his knowledge of the physical and spiritual world grew, his relationship with his mentor changed and deepened. His parents were gone for long periods, working outside the village. They and other villagers earned money to buy things not available locally. He grew to love the shaman even more than he loved his own parents, and his two sisters. At the age of twelve, after passing another crucial test, the Daria was satisfied. “Miguelito, you will be the Daria when I move on. Do not be afraid, because I, and the Darias before me, will continue to guide you from the spirit world. All Darias have secret names, and I must give one to you. What shall I call you?”
The young boy immediately suggested several names, but the old man merely chuckled. “No, my son, it is not for you to decide, nor I. When the spirits tell me, then we will both know.” 
Sometime later, in a special ceremony, the shaman revealed the boy’s secret name. “You are Buho, the owl. A fearsome predator, yet valued most for his wisdom. This is your Daria name, never to be spoken by anyone.”
A few weeks after that, the villagers welcomed back Miguel’s parents and the others who had been working far away. The celebration lasted through the night and into the next day. Just after sunrise, soldiers of the Colombian government came into the village. The workers had been harvesting the coca fields, and the soldiers belonged to an elite anti-narcotics unit. When everyone was rounded up the commander warned them not to work in the coca fields anymore. As punishment for what they had already done, two soldiers grabbed an old man and dragged him over to the commander. As Miguel stared in rapt horror, the soldier drew his bayonet and ripped open the Daria’s throat, nearly beheading him.
After the shaman’s body crumpled to the ground the commander barked an order. The soldiers spread out throughout the village, stealing some things, destroying others, and raping any young girls they could catch. Miguel’s older sister, just fifteen, was gang raped.
Over the next few months the village slowly returned to normal, but Miguel did not. He could never forget the brutal murder of his beloved mentor, or the rape of his sister. Instead of going cold with time, the spark of hatred in his heart grew to become a bonfire.
Eighteen months later he could stand it no more. He left the village and, at the age of fourteen, joined the anti-government rebels. He knew nothing of their cause, and did not care to know. He simply wanted to kill government soldiers, and he did so with gusto. He had an unusual zeal for killing, which was quickly noted and nurtured by his superiors. He was given advanced training in all manner of death – guns, knives, exotic weapons, and just his hands. He excelled at all of it.
He learned about the rebel cause, and came to believe in the righteousness of it. He was taught true soldiers are warriors, those who live by a code of honor. The scum who savaged his village had violated the code, and it fueled the fires of his hatred even more.
The rebel commanders saw in Miguel a very young man with the potential to someday become a leader in their organization, maybe even a general. To that end, in addition to military training, they made sure he acquired a quality education.
After more than a decade of fighting the government and honing his skills, he realized his passion was spent. Finally, his anger had cooled. He became disenchanted with the rebels. What had started as a noble cause was now something else. The rebels had joined with the drug cartels to earn money for weapons. They were now just as corrupt as the government they were fighting. He left in disgust.
After months of idleness, a man approached him with a proposition. Miguel’s reputation as a killing machine was well known. The Medellin and Cali cartels could use a man of his talents, and they would pay him handsomely to kill certain people. The targets would be government ministers, police officials, rival drug lords. All of them corrupt and deserving of death. It appealed to his sense of honor, and he had no other skills.
In his early years as an assassin he only accepted jobs after confirming for himself, by his own standards, the target deserved to die. There was no shortage of such people in Colombia, and he quickly racked up several impressive kills. As his reputation grew he was assigned more difficult targets, and he earned more money. He eventually was sent to neighboring countries, forcing him to acquire high quality false documents, and to adopt a more sophisticated manner. 
Over the years he frequently returned to his village, always bringing lavish gifts for his family. His father died a few years after he left, but his mother was still healthy and strong, and his younger sister had married. His older sister, the one who had been gang raped, walked out into the jungle one day and was never seen again.
He set up a small trust fund for the village which eliminated the need for his people to work in the coca fields, and he was revered because of it. Some who had known him as a boy considered him to be their Daria, watching over the village from afar.
He never failed to kill his target, and became quite wealthy in the process. Somewhere along the way he stopped checking to see if the targets actually deserved to die. If the money was right, he took the job. Without ever realizing it, he had become the corrupt soldier he so despised.

Chapter Fifty Five

Nacho was both fascinated and repulsed by the killer’s history. An innocent young boy who had grown into a man so completely amoral he was barely human. But was it his fault? He was like a healthy tree, growing straight and true, destined to become a thing of great beauty. Suddenly, struck by lightning, the tree becomes gnarled, ugly, rotten at its core. Surely the tree is not to blame. But humans have free will. The childhood incident was horrific, but Miguel chose his path, and stayed on it his entire life. He was simply evil.
Satisfied he had learned everything of importance in his history, Nacho now sought to communicate mentally with him. He believed he had a way to stop him, but to do so he would have to speak clearly to him through his mind.
He made a few probes, mentally poking him with a finger. The killer grunted in response, and briefly looked around, as if he had heard something. He was receptive! It was going to work. His years as apprentice to the shaman had opened his mind to the possibilities of things beyond the natural world.
Nacho paused. He couldn’t just start talking to him. He had to make him believe. He was taking a terrible chance, but it was the only one he had. If he messed this up, Ben would surely die, perhaps Jackie as well. It weighed heavily on his mind. He repeated his lines in his head, like an actor doing one last rehearsal moments before going onstage. Depending upon how Miguel responded, he would be doing a lot of adlibbing.
Finally, he knew he could not delay any longer. He started to reach out to him… and the connection was broken.

Chapter Fifty Six

The killer released Jackie’s hand and stood up. “I have to call your husband.”
“Please don’t kill him. Please! He’s a good man. Just leave now. No one will know.”
“I’ll know. I made a contract. I have to honor it. I promise you, he will not suffer, and you and your babies will live.”
“Without their father! How can you be so cruel?”
“Mrs. Olsen, cruelty has nothing to do with it. This is business.”
He picked up his phone and hit send. Sitting in his car on Joliet Street, Ben answered instantly. “Yeah.” 
“9100 San Juan Place, La Mesa. It’s another cul-de sac.”
Ben plugged it into his GPS unit and replied, “8.0 miles. Sixteen minutes.”
The line went dead. Ben’s mind was whirring. How long is this going to go on? Maybe this is it. If it is, he’s got to be in a house there, it’s another residential street. If he’s there, where is Jackie?

Chapter Fifty Seven

Nacho was frantic, nearly in a panic. When Miguel broke contact with Jackie, he lost clear mental contact with him. He was still seeing his thoughts, but they were barely readable and fading quickly away. He had to get Jackie to hold him again.

Jackie hoped Nacho had gotten what he needed. She was amazed her captor had held her as long as he did. It was so odd. He seemed to be genuinely concerned about her. The voice startled her. “Hold man.”
Well, she thought. I guess that answers that. “Hold man. Hold man. Hold man.”
Okay! Okay, I hear you. 
“Hold man, holdman, holdmanholdmanholdmanholdman…” For Jackie, it was like watching one of those ancient movies flickering and stuttering across the screen.
Before she had time to figure out her next move the killer solved her problem. “Mrs. Olsen, I’m afraid you have to go back in the bathroom now. I know it will be uncomfortable for you, but it must be.”
Secretly pleased, she held out both her hands and said in a dejected voice, “You’ll have to help me. I don’t think I can even sit up on my own.”
The assassin grasped both her hands with his and started to pull her upright on the couch. “Ohhhh! Go slow! Slowly. It hurts so much!”
Slowly and gently he pulled her into a sitting position on the couch. Breathing raggedly, Jackie continued trying to prolong the contact as long as possible. Still holding both his hands, she said, “Mister, I don’t even know your name. What should I call you?”
The blood drained from the killer’s face and his eyes lost focus. Then he jerked his right hand free and slapped Jackie hard across her face. Shocked and confused, she clamped down hard on his left hand, doggedly maintaining the physical connection.

Chapter Fifty Eight

The instant Jackie made her physical connection with Miguel, Nacho connected with him mentally, but it took him a few seconds to adapt. Before he could launch into his prepared script, he heard Jackie ask the assassin a question. He tossed his script away and mentally said to the killer in his native Cubeo language, “Miguelito, if you are to be a Daria you need a special name. What shall I call you?”
Nacho was hoping to get some kind of indication his mental message had been received. When Miguel slapped Jackie he knew he had hit a home run.
Thoroughly shaken and completely disoriented, Miguel thought Jackie had spoken to him in Cubeo, and responded in kind. “What trickery is this? Who told you this? How do you speak my language?”
Jackie said, “What? I don’t understand. Speak English.”
Miguel saw her lips moving but what he heard in his mind came from Nacho, in Cubeo. “You know who I am, Buho. Listen to me, as you did as a child. If the policeman dies, your mother will die. And your sister, Carmelita. Our whole village will perish.”
The killer was so staggered he sat down on the couch beside Jackie. How can this be? How does this woman know my name, and the name of my sister? And she called me Buho! No one except the Daria ever knew my secret name, and he was long dead. It was impossible.
Nacho read his thoughts and addressed his doubts. “You think me dead, my son, but you have forgotten my teachings. Daria do not die, we only move to a different plane of existence.
“You have done great evil in your life, Miguelito, and disgraced the name of the Daria. You must atone for it now or there will be a terrible price to pay. Your family will die, along with our whole village. It may be a famine, or pestilence, government soldiers, or even the filthy drug lords who are your puppet masters. I cannot see the path, but I see the result clearly – all are dead, except for you. You will live. Live every day with the knowledge you killed all our people. It has to stop now.”
It was obvious to Jackie Nacho had seriously messed with her captor’s head. She had no idea what was going on, but she knew enough to get a tighter grip on his hand.
Convinced his beloved village shaman was speaking to him through Jackie, he turned to her and said, “How can I atone, Daria? I have killed hundreds of men, and some women. I’ve done unspeakable things. I tried to keep to your teachings, as best I could. The women I killed were truly deserving of death. I never harmed a child. I know my spirit is condemned to roam the darkness, and I accept that. But my family, our village, they are innocents.”
Nacho responded, “It is not as bad as you think, Buho. Nearly all the people you killed deserved to die. Drug dealers, crooked politicians, corrupt policemen. But greed overcame you, and you became one of them yourself. It is not too late to reclaim your soul.
“This policeman is different. He is good, special, and pure in spirit. He has a greater destiny and must not be harmed, by you, or anyone else.”
Miguel shook his head dejectedly. “Then all in our village are doomed. If I fail to kill him, the cartel will just send another assassin, then more, until it is done.”
“Here is what you must do, and by so doing you will save our village, and recover your honor.”
Miguel listened intently, nodding his head from time to time. Jackie could see from the look in his eyes he was a million miles away. Finally, he nodded his head decisively and said, “I will do as you say, Daria. For you, and The People.”
His eyes refocused on Jackie, and he spoke in English for the first time in minutes. “I’m leaving now.”
Confused, she said, “Wait! I don’t understand. What about my husband?”
The gentleness in his eyes was new and disconcerting. “You truly were merely the vessel for his spirit. I can see it in your face.” He paused, deciding how much to tell her. “Your husband is safe. I will guarantee it. You will have your babies and your husband, and you need not worry about death from south of the border anymore. It’s all you need to know. Goodbye.” He grabbed his travel bag and walked into the garage. Moments later she heard the garage door open and he was gone.

Chapter Fifty Nine

He had been parked in the cul-de-sac at 9100 San Juan Place for almost ten minutes. The killer had always called precisely on time and Ben was going insane with worry. He had studied the neighborhood and seen nothing unusual. The only sign of life was a car that drove out of a garage a few minutes ago, a middle aged Hispanic man driving. Oddly, he left his garage door open. He was saying yet another prayer for Jackie when the phone rang. “Yes?”
“9120 San Juan Place. Walk in through the garage.” The line went dead.
It was the same house the car just left from! Who was driving? Is Jackie hidden in the car with him? They had a big head start, but he might be able to catch up to them and free her. He was unarmed, but surely the driver is not, if he has Jackie with him. And what if she isn’t in the car? This was not at all what he had expected. Ultimately, he decided the safest course was to follow the killer’s instructions. His life was a small price to pay so that Jackie and his children might live. He left the car and walked quickly to the house.
He walked through the garage, opened the connecting door to the house, and stepped inside to meet his fate.
The living room was empty. He saw an easy chair and a couch, both facing away from him, towards a wall mounted big screen television. He looked around for the web camera but couldn’t find it. Following the instructions, he removed his few clothes and stood naked. When nothing happened, he slowly turned in a complete circle, to show all sides of his body to the camera. After standing for another minute, he realized something must be wrong. Hearing a moan from the couch, he walked over to it.
Jackie looked up at his nakedness and said, “Ben! You’re every girl’s dream date, but I’m not in the mood right now. I’m in labor.”
Speechless with relief, he fell to his knees and hugged his wife.

Chapter Sixty

Sixteen hours after leaving Jackie in La Mesa, California, the assassin illegally crossed the Mexican border in the vast, unguarded area of west Texas, just west of Presidio. A few hours later he had hired a car in the Mexican border town of Ojinaga, and was on his way to the city of Chihuahua. From there he boarded a plane to Mexico City. A day and a half after leaving California he was safely ensconced in his Mexico City apartment.
After sleeping for ten hours, he used a special cell phone to leave a voice mail for his current employer, Alonzo Contreras. Four hours later, the head of the Contreras drug cartel called back. “The policeman is dead?”
“No. The contract is void.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I decided not to kill him.”
“But you agreed. You’ve already been paid.”
“If you check your accounts you’ll see the money has been returned. I am not a thief.”
“No, you’re an assassin, so why didn’t you kill him?”
“That’s not your concern. I’m retiring, except for one more target, who I will kill for free.”
“And who might that be?”
“You.”
“Me! Are you insane?”
“Perhaps I was, but I believe I’ve found my way again. If the policeman or his family is ever harmed by anyone connected to your organization I will kill you.”
“Idiot! I couldn’t care less about this policeman. He’s nothing to me. I was doing a favor for another cartel. They will simply find another assassin. It’s beyond my control.”
Miguel’s voice was stone cold. “Do you doubt that I can kill you?”
After a long silence, El Terciopelo spoke again. “I thought not. If the policeman dies at the order of any cartel, I will hold you responsible. So long as he lives you have nothing to fear from me.”
Contreras started to protest but Miguel had already disconnected. He wondered what the hell was going on. El Terciopelo was the most feared assassin in Latin America, perhaps the world, yet he refused to complete the contract. Clearly, there was much more happening here than El Gato had told him. It enraged him that the Mexican drug lord had played him for a fool. If necessary, he would crush his much smaller organization. Faced with a possible war, El Gato would not dare to attempt to kill Olsen again.
After taking some time, and a glass of tequila to calm down, he called the head of the Rosarito cartel. To his annoyance, someone other than El Gato came to the phone. “Who is this? I will speak only with Vicente Gonzales. I don’t have time for underlings.”
“My name is Gonzalo Valenzuela. El Gato is dead. I am now in charge.”
“Dead! I hadn’t heard. Usually the authorities make headline news of such things.”
“The authorities didn’t kill him, I did. He became convinced there was a traitor in our ruling council. He tortured and killed several good men for nothing. When he started on his oldest and most trusted friend I knew he had lost his mind. Now, what can I do for you, Senor Contreras?”
“El Gato had asked me to kill an American policeman, Officer Benjamin Olsen of the National City police. I was calling to tell him the contract cannot be completed.”
Valenzuela scoffed. “That nonsense with Olsen was the first sign of his madness. I was against it from the beginning. I have no interest in killing him or any other American policeman. It’s bad for business.”
“Then we have nothing further to discuss. Congratulations on your “promotion.”

Chapter Sixty One

“Scout to leader. The target’s been here over an hour, and he’s starting to get antsy. I don’t think the transfer’s happening. Maybe they saw us and spooked, over.”
“This is leader, I copy. You’re sure the target’s heavy?”
“Affirmative. He’s giving his springs a real workout. Maybe a ton, over.”
“Roger that. We’re moving in now. Out.”
The target was a brown Ford F-150 pickup with a camper shell. The DEA raid team moved in on it with military precision. In less than a minute the scene was secured and the driver in custody.
The team leader, Special Agent Stewart Johnson, took a look at the load. He estimated it to be seven hundred kilos of marijuana. By DEA standards, in Nogales, Arizona, it was small potatoes. Plus, it was marijuana. The same amount of cocaine would have been much better. And the transfer vehicles never showed. All in all, Johnson was pretty pissed off.
He walked up to the driver, who was handcuffed and sitting on the bumper of one of the DEA Chevy Suburbans. “You again! Well, you’re screwed good this time.”
Jose Martinez whispered to him, “Can we talk in private?”
They walked away from the other agents, a short ways off the desert road. “What?”
Jose’s tone was petulant. “How about cutting me some slack, man? I gave you that info on the pro hitter coming for the National City cop.”
Johnson replied, “That got you out of your last jam, dickhead. And you were supposed to call me with shipment info. You never did.”
“I ain’t been working for a while. I got stabbed in a bar fight.”
“Well, that’s just tough titty, isn’t it?”
Now Jose was pissed off. “That thing with the cop, man, and El Terciopelo. That was a big fucking deal. You owe me.”
Johnson laughed derisively. “You must have been smoking some of your own stuff. I checked it out and it was complete bullshit.”
“No way! I told you everything straight up. What happened to the cop?”
“I told you, nothing happened to nobody, and I don’t owe you squat. Let’s go.”
They walked back to the team and Johnson put Jose in the back seat of a suburban that had a prisoner cage. Moments later an unmarked government sedan rolled up and a man and a woman in business suits got out.
The man called to him. “Agent Johnson? I’m Special Agent Ed Reid, FBI. Can we talk to you a minute?”
The team members all rolled their eyes. They were dressed for the raid in their “battle rattle.” The two agents in suits had “desk jockey” written all over them.
Johnson swaggered over to them. “What?”
The FBI agent looked at the other team members standing close by and said, “I think it would be best if we had this conversation in private.”
“I’ve been screwed by the Feebs before, Reid. I like the idea of having witnesses.” The team members chuckled and nodded their heads in agreement.
“Have it your way, then. Your prisoner, Jose Martinez, is an FBI confidential informant.”
Johnson sneered. “Yeah? Well, your boy fucked up. We caught him red handed smuggling a shitload of marijuana. And this is the second time I’ve busted him. He’s going down for it this time.”
“No, I don’t think so. This is not about drugs.”
“If you’re asking me to let this loser go just because he snitches for you, you can kiss my ass.”
The woman agent spoke for the first time. “Agent Johnson, I’m Valerie Dyson, with the Office of Professional Responsibility.”
Johnson laughed heartily. “Whoop de fucking do. You think I care about some FBI internal affairs shark?”
Extending her open badge wallet with ID towards him, she said, “I’m not FBI. I work for the DEA. Martinez is wired and every word you said was recorded. Effective immediately, you’re suspended for your failure to act on the information Martinez provided to you three weeks ago, regarding an imminent threat against a police officer. Now, give me your gun and badge, you piece of shit.”

Chapter Sixty Two

The Olsen family was entertaining guests in their new house in Pacific Beach. Jackie got home from the hospital two days after giving birth to the twins. Her blood pressure was still high but trending back towards normal.
Beatrice and Ignacio entered the world nine hours after Jackie went into labor. Beatrice was born at 11:41 PM, and Ignacio at 11:59 PM. Their birth just before midnight tallied with Nacho’s promise to Ben they would be born that day. Bea checked in at six pounds two ounces and Iggy at six pounds even.
Now, a week later, the twins were sleeping in their cribs in the nursery. Ben had planned to paint and decorate the room long ago, but with all the drama of the past few months he never got around to it. It made no difference to the twins, of course.
He had a few more days off before he started work again. He was anxious to get back on the streets after his extended time away. Jackie had not yet decided if she would return to teaching in the fall.
Nacho, Kathy, and Jackie’s half-brother Rod, an NCPD sergeant, walked into the living room and sat down across from Ben and Jackie. “The twins are gorgeous,” Kathy said. “Iggy has your hair, Ben. Nacho helped me take a look.”
Ben smiled. “Another one of Nacho’s predictions that came true. You’ve really been on a roll, my friend.”
Nacho grunted and acknowledged the praise with a nod of his head. Kathy poked him in the ribs and said peevishly, “Would you guys fill me in on some things? Nacho’s told me what happened, about the Indian shaman, how he fooled the killer mentally. But, as usual, I think I’ve only gotten half the story.”
Ben, Jackie and Rod all looked at each other. Finally, Ben said, “How about it, Nacho? I’m still wondering about some things myself. Like, why was Jackie with him in the house at the end? He told us she was going to be at a different location, guarded by an associate who would kill her if I didn’t comply with his instructions.”
Nacho sighed, then relented. “Okay, but just the facts. Let’s not get all weepy about things. We’ve done enough of that already.
“Miguel’s plan, oh, by the way, Miguel was his real name. He doesn’t have a last name, which is traditional amongst the Cubeo Indians. Only when they go into the modern world permanently, like my parents did, do they give themselves last names. The assassin uses many different names, and has documentation for all of them.
“Anyway, his plan was simple, yet ingenious. In a nutshell, he lied his ass off to you, Ben. He had somebody put the modified cell phone under that bench in Kate Sessions Park, and stay there to make sure you picked it up. But that was the only involvement of another person. The other locations he sent you to were not being watched by anyone. They didn’t need to be. As long as you believed it, you wouldn’t dare have the cops tailing you. And that stuff about Jackie being in a separate location was baloney, too. His intention was simply to lock Jackie in the bathroom before you showed up. That way he didn’t have to worry about transporting her somewhere, or have to rely on another person. It’s one thing to pay some kid a couple of bucks to drop off a cell phone. It’s a whole ’nother thing to pay someone to hold a woman against her will and possibly kill her. That would take a great deal of money, explaining, coordination, and trust by both men. Why bother? All he needed was for you to believe it to be true. With Jackie’s life in the balance, you had no option but to believe it. He did have a web camera set up, but it was in the den on the other side of the house. That room has a separate door to the backyard. If things had gone according to his plan, he would have sent you into the house through that door, saw you were naked and unarmed, and killed you. Then he just grabs his bag and leaves. After he’s safely away he calls 911 and tells them Jackie’s locked in the bathroom. Yes, he was going to keep his word about not hurting Jackie.”
Kathy said, “Wasn’t he concerned about Jackie identifying him after he left?”
Jackie said, “He actually told me he didn’t care. He said he has many different faces and I was seeing was just one of them. Still, I gave the investigators a very detailed description of him.”
Rod chimed in, “The La Mesa cops secured the house and called in the FBI once Ben told them what had happened. They found about a million fingerprints, but there’s no record of them anywhere, even in Interpol’s files. And the house rental was a dead end. Oh yeah, both the DEA and FBI sent us files on El Terciopelo. They’ve been aware of him for years, but the files are crap. Everything is hearsay and conjecture. ‘He may have done this, he might have been there, it’s believed that…’ They have no idea if any of it is true. They have no photos of him. The drawings of him in the files could be anyone at all. He’s damn good. They may never find him.”
Kathy said, “I bet Nacho could find him.”
Nacho snapped his head around and gave her a sharp look. Jackie saw it and, in a flash of intuition, said, “Nacho! You’re still reading him, aren’t you?”
Letting out a big sigh, he said, “Yes, if I make an effort to look for his thoughts. He’s very far away and faint, but I could fine tune it. Especially if we were physically closer. Our connection was so intense I think I’ll always be able to read him to some degree.”
Ben was surprised. “So you lied to the FBI?”
“Of course I did, Ben.”
Rod sat up. “Whoa! You guys lost me. Can we back up a bit?”
He looked at Nacho, but he just snuggled closer to Kathy and pouted. Seeing Nacho was not going to speak, Ben said, “The FBI interviewed all of us, of course. I told them everything, exactly as I understood it, including how Nacho’s special abilities saved the day. Jackie did, too. They kept trying to get me to tell ‘the truth,’ about what really happened. After hearing the same story a dozen times they finally gave up. Eventually they admitted you and Jackie had told them the same thing, Nacho. Naturally the big question was, ‘where is the killer now?’”
Nacho nodded his agreement. “I gave the FBI the reader’s digest version of what happened. I was intentionally vague on details, telling them my gift is mostly intuition and feelings, not actually telepathy. They didn’t believe me anyway. If it doesn’t fit into their investigation protocol, it can’t be true. I told them once he and Jackie were no longer physically touching I was unable to read him, so I had no idea where he might be. I also didn’t tell them he’s a Cubeo Indian.”
Ben smiled. “You know, I forgot that myself. This whole thing has just been overwhelming.”
Jackie was puzzled. “Nacho, this man kidnapped me and was going to kill Ben. You said he’s killed hundreds of people over the years. Don’t you want him caught?”
Ben answered for him. “I get it. He’s my insurance policy, isn’t he? You not only convinced him to let me live, but to protect me as well.”
Nacho smiled. “Exactly. As long as he’s alive you have nothing to fear from the cartels. Without going into any detail, I told Sergeant Vancamp I knew for certain the threat against you was gone. Unlike the FBI bozos, he believed me. That’s why you’ve been cleared to go back to work.” 
Jackie still couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “So he gets away with all those murders?”
Nacho said, “If Miguel is arrested or killed the cartels will hear of it and they might green light Ben again. I know it’s not the perfect solution, but he’s back in his village, far from civilization, and he’s done killing. He’s never going to leave his village again. It’s part of his self-imposed penance. Not that different from prison, really.”
There was a long, uncomfortable silence as everyone digested what they had just heard. Finally, Kathy broke the strained atmosphere with, “All righty, then! The blind girl steps in crap again. Sometimes I can’t help myself. I can’t see, you know.”
Everyone let out a few weak chuckles. Kathy said, “Let’s talk about something happier – the twins. Are they keeping you guys up at night?”
Jackie replied, “Well, I’m breastfeeding both of them, so Ben doesn’t have to get up to feed them. In a week or so I’ll start putting my milk in bottles, so he can feed them when I’m sleeping. He’s going back to graveyard shift, so it’s gonna be rough until we figure out a schedule that works, if the babies will let us.” 
Rod said, “They seem awfully quiet. Jackie, you were a real screamer when you were a baby.”
She replied, “I wouldn’t tell anyone else this, but you guys are family. When Iggy’s hungry or irritable he cries, just like any baby. Bea doesn’t cry. When she’s hungry she sends me an image of her sucking her thumb. Not really an image, it’s the word ‘suck,’sort of, but not really. It’s… ah, never mind. She just tells me mentally when she’s hungry. When she’s lonely or scared she sends ‘hold.’ I haven’t decided whether I like it or not yet. It’s really kind of spooky.”
Rod and Kathy sat there in stunned silence at Jackie’s revelation. Nacho thought about it, then said, “You probably ought to make up your mind about it soon. I’m just guessing, but I bet it’s like any other early childhood behavior. Encourage it and support it and she’ll use it more. Ignore it until she cries and she’ll learn not to do it. Maybe lose the ability altogether.”
Ben and Jackie looked at each other, silently agreeing it was too big a decision to make without a lot more discussion. Once again, the atmosphere grew strained. Rod decided it was a good time to go home. He said his goodbyes and left. Kathy and Jackie talked a bit about baby clothes, then she and Nacho said goodnight and walked over to his side of the duplex house.

Chapter Sixty Three

Nacho returned home after a day of work at the grocery store. He enjoyed his job, working with customers and the other employees. He had to admit, though, it was getting a little boring, and it didn’t pay very much. Perhaps it was time to start looking for something better.
He was just getting out of the shower when his doorbell rang. He yelled out, “Just a minute! I’m not dressed.” No one visited him at home except Ben, Jackie, and Kathy, and they all had keys to the house.
Seven minutes later he stepped into his living room and was surprised to see a man in his late sixties still waiting patiently on his front step. He had hoped whoever it was would have left by now.
He put on his big floppy hat to hide his deformity and opened the door. “Yes?”
“Mr. Evangelista, my name is Adrian Johns. I’m with the FBI. May I have a few minutes of your time?”
“You don’t look like any FBI agent I’ve ever seen, and I’ve seen my share lately. Do you have some ID?”
The man smiled, lighting up his whole face. “I’ll take that as a nice compliment.” He handed him a business card. “Here you go.”
When he took the card Nacho saw his right hand was missing two fingers, and the fingernails of the remaining ones were gone.
“I was expecting a badge and official ID. All this says is ‘consultant.’”
“Oh, very well. I don’t have a badge, but I’ve got an official ID somewhere. I very seldom use it. Ah, here it is.” He handed over his ID.
Nacho scrutinized the ID and handed it back. “Your ID says, ‘Project Head.’ What’s that?”
The old man laughed. It’s not a what, it’s me. I am the head of the project. Officially, it doesn’t have a name, although ‘Project Head’ is rather appropriate for our outfit, now that you mention it. I was hoping we could talk inside. I’m not as young as I used to be, and I’d like to sit down.”
When Nacho didn’t move, he said, “I know you had a bad experience with agents Smith and Jones, and I apologize for that. They can be a bit overbearing at times.”
Nacho stepped aside to let the man in and motioned him to the couch, then he took a seat in an easy chair.  “I thought I made it pretty clear to them I wasn’t interested in working for the FBI.”
“Yes, indeed. So clear that they falsified their official report to say you have no special abilities. The fact you were able to coerce them into doing so is proof in itself you do have special abilities. I was impressed. I was also impressed when I read the reports from the El Terciopelo case.”
“I wasn’t trying to impress anyone.”
“No. In fact, just the opposite. It was quite obvious to me you actually played a much greater role than you admitted to.”
“Why don’t I save you some time, Mr. Johns? While I confess to being intrigued by all of this, I have no interest in working with the likes of Smith and Jones. I don’t think I’d be a good fit for your unit.”
“You wouldn’t be working with them, or anyone like them. They’re background investigators, and they’ve already been reassigned out of the unit. You would work for me, and with other special abilities people.”
“And what is your special ability?”
“I’m what is known as a remote viewer. Given the proper circumstances, and a bit of luck, I can sometimes see details of places or things at great distances. I no longer work in that capacity, however.”
“What happened to your hand?”
The man smiled a little. “I was hoping you could tell me. I’ve got a lot of memories rattling around this old brain, but that one is always close to the surface.”
Nacho got out of his chair and sat beside him, putting a hand lightly on his arm. After just a few seconds he got up and sat back in his chair.
The old man was surprised. “Nothing? Please, feel free to try again.”
Nacho said, “You were tortured. They pulled out your fingernails with pliers. When that didn’t get you to talk they cut off a finger, then the second one.”
“Indeed they did. But that much anyone could guess at.”
“First they tried water boarding, then electric shocks to your genitals. Only then did they start on your hand.”
“Very good, Mr. Evangelista. Now…”
“Russians. The Soviets tortured you, but not in Russia. You were in…”
“Enough! Please. It was a long time ago, and though I can never forget it, I much prefer not to relive it.”
“Project Stargate. Despite all the torture, you never even told them the name of the project.”
“That’s correct. And if they had someone like you on their side back then they would gotten the information they wanted and I would still have my whole hand. Are you beginning to see how valuable you can be, Mr. Evangelista?
“Project Stargate was disbanded in the 1990s. I and others like me were moved around to different agencies at different times. I run the project for the FBI simply because I’ve been around since the early days and I outlasted all the rest.”
Nacho shook his head. “I like being outdoors. I actually enjoyed my time in the Army. I don’t think I could spend all day inside, staring at other geeks like me.”
“There are lots of opportunities to work outside, in many different places, many different countries, even. In the field, however, you’d have to work with an actual FBI agent as your partner.”
“Well that tears that. I’ve never met a fed yet that I liked.”
The old man smiled his whole face smile. “Oh, I know one I’m sure you’ll get along with. He’s brand new to the FBI, but he’s had a fair amount of field experience with other organizations. He’s really hoping you’ll take the job, so you two can work together.”
“Yeah? Who’s that?”
“Special Agent Benjamin Olsen.”

THE END
Author’s note: Check out my other novels: Small Ball, a novel of Islamic terrorism, will scare the hell out of you. Every day, more and more of that novel comes true in real world headlines.
Peachtown is an intriguing mystery set in the real world, with a few fantastical elements. I wrote Crash & Burn – My Strange Life as an Astral Traveler for the CIA, under the pen name Peter Ludvick. See all my books here and here. 

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Don Geidel is a retired United States Navy officer, originally from Manchester, Connecticut. After the navy he joined the National City Police Department, retiring again in June 2008. He has a bachelor’s degree in political science from the University of Washington and a master’s degree in education from the University of San Diego. His wife Doreen is a retired United States Navy nurse corps officer, originally from Barron, Wisconsin. They live deep in the forests of the Pacific Northwest. You can email Don at Geidelfarms@gmail.com.
