Copyright 2011 Gareth Parker
Licence Notes
Thank you for downloading this eBook. This remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author.
Thank you for your support.


***


Greed



***


Chapter 1

How did I get here? 32 years old standing over a dead body, covered in someone else’s blood with a grin on my face and feeling pretty pleased with myself. I used to be a good person, did all my exams in school, got a degree, and worked my way up the career ladder. I even bagged myself a beautiful wife who once loved me more than anything else in the world until one day something popped in my head. Something made that red mist fall in front of my eyes. Life became a blur. I started to lose control and all because I was greedy and wanted more. Why is it that us human beings want more? Why is money the thing that makes us do things, changes the people we are just so we can get our hands on that little bit more? You might be thinking that’s not you, but it’s the person I’ve become today, Josh Bennett. I look like the normal average guy. I eat cornflakes for breakfast and like two sugars in my coffee, I lie to my wife Lucinda every day when she thinks I’m off to work for a top blue-chip company in central London. I drive a six Series BMW worth forty-five grand and like to listen and sing to the cheesy pop songs when they come on the radio. 
It all started not so long ago when I was out with friends. The three of us usually went out on a Saturday night to let our hair down and de-stress from the industrious working lives we all lead to make an honest living. 
We have a set routine when we go out, start at Frank’s house with beers and have the occasional sniff if it’s available. Then head out to a few bars drinking as much as we can before entering a feisty night club after a twenty-minute battle with the door staff on why we shouldn’t have to queue to get in.
I had too much to drink and did a lot of drugs. We got into a little fight because Frank accidentally pinched some girl’s arse with her boyfriend looking and eventually we all got thrown out.
I was walking home alone through the streets of East London Greenwich. I hear a strange noise coming from a dark alley. It sounded like someone or something was in pain. 
I make my way down the alley, and in the distance, I can just make out two figures standing over what I assume is a third. The person on the floor is moving but not making much noise, being drunk I stumble slightly and my foot slides across the floor making a scraping sound. 
Without any warning one of the figures run at me and throw me onto the ground with a thud and knock the wind out of me. I gasp for breath whilst my diaphragm goes into spasm with the impact and eventually settles, and my breathing is comfortable again. 
As I try to get back to my feet, I get knocked to the floor with a blow to the left side of my head opening a cut instantly. As this happened, I flinched holding the wound when another blow took the wind out of me again, a shot straight to the ribs with some sort of bat, and I even felt a rib crack, the force was like I was being hit by a car at 50 mph. I lay on the floor and took the blows of the bat and yelped in pain. 
Both guys were standing over me, I decided to play dead from this time just to help prevent any further blows as I don’t think I could take much more. I hear one of them say.
‘Do you think he saw anything?’ 
‘Probably he’s quite close. We need to get rid of him and that other body.’ Said the other. ‘Moody we need to be more careful, he could have been a copper!’ I lay there as still as I can when I feel another sharp blow to the head, I yelp out again and it all goes black.
When I came too I remembered what had happened, I was sat upright in a chair with my hands tied behind my back and the pain hits me like someone has injected sulphuric acid into my brain and all the organs in my body. I look around the room, my head feeling a little fuzzy and blurry. I notice that I’m in some sort of cellar or basement of a pub or nightclub. I could see barrels of beer with pumps attached, and the air smelt of stale lager and cigarettes. There is the thumping of music in the background and people laughing and chatting. Not really sure what to do, whether it was a good idea or not, I shout out at the top of my voice.
‘Help!’ And waited for a minute or two and shouted ‘help’ again. The door to the cellar creaks open and in walks a tall well-built guy around six-foot tall, blues jeans on and a tight white t-shirt. He had dark-brown hair with an attempted style to it. His face looked rough and was unshaven. 
‘Why don’t you shut up’ He said shouting at me. I decide to keep my mouth shut and not anger this guy.
‘I wouldn’t try to be brave little man?’ I still remain silent, and he walks up close to me almost his face touching mine.
‘We need to ask you a few things, and you’re going to answer us, understand?’ Then left the room slamming the door behind him. 
What felt like hours later he returned and had another guy with him, this guy was short and fat, well dressed in a black pin-stripe suit, nice silk orange tie and a white shirt. 
‘This is the guy we found snooping around’ said the taller guy.
‘Interesting’ said the short guy shaking his head.
‘Fuck!!! What are we going to do? We can’t have this guy walking the streets now he’ll go straight to the police, as soon as we let him go.’ 
‘Yes very true, ok kill him but keep it humane the last thing we need is evidence scattered all over this room.’ Insisted the shorter guy, he cleared his throat and walked out with the door slamming behind him. I just starred at this guy for a minute, and he glared back at me.
‘What’s happening?’ I asked nervously.
‘Not much, don’t worry this will only hurt for a second.’ Putting a cold blade to my throat, fear struck through my body. Is this it? Is this how I’m meant to die in this shitty cellar, with a slit throat? As an attempt to try to save my skin, I start to beg. ‘Please don’t kill me please, I have a wife I really don’t want to die I’ll do anything you name it and I’ll do it please?’ 
‘Shut it little man!’ He screamed in my face with a little bit of spit spraying over me. I felt this sudden rush of adrenaline and anger run through my body, it was pure survival. I didn’t want to die. I twist and turn my body frantically and the chair fell over banging my head on the floor. 
‘Untie me you bastard, untie me now and I’ll do anything absolutely anything.’ I was literally begging for my life and burst into tears. 
 There was a loud noise and the short guy walked back into the room, grabbed the tall guy by the throat.
‘Don’t kill this guy we could use him for some work.’  
‘I think we just need to get rid of him he’s too risky.’
‘Think about it, you have another job on tonight and could do with his help.’ I heard him say.
‘Ok’ said the tall guy reluctantly. He came over to me held the cold blade to my throat grabbed my hair and yanked my head back pressing the blade firmly on my skin. 
‘Now listen to me, I’m going to throw you a lifeline. If you don’t cooperate with me next time this blade goes in understand?’ I struggle to get the words out of my mouth but manage a pitiful.
‘Yes.’ He pulled me up to my feet and untied my hands from behind my back.
The short guy got up close, so close I could smell the stale smell of tobacco and whisky on his breath,
‘So what do we have here?’ Pulling my wallet out of my pocket he then took out my driving licence.
‘32 Sudeley Street, nice place? Tell you what don’t answer that, I’ll go and see it for myself, and who’s this?’ pulling out a picture of my wife in her underwear. ‘She is fine my friend.’
‘Look guys what is it you want me to do? I’ll do anything please don’t hurt my wife please.’ 
‘This is the deal, I need you to go with my mate Jimmy here’ glancing over to the tall guy. ‘You will work with him tonight. You need to clean yourself up and breathe a word of any of this to anyone then you know what the alternative option is.’ 
‘Yeah I suppose’ not having a clue what it was I would be doing but I knew it wasn’t going to be legal. He then turned and walked out the door throwing my wallet onto the floor and shouted.
‘Jimmy, go and finish the job I’m paying you for and if this guy doesn’t cooperate or tries anything, then kill him.’
Jimmy came over to me,
‘You heard the man, if you try anything I will actually kill you, understand?’ 
‘Yes yes, I get it!’ I looked him square in the eye. Feeling brave I said back to him, ‘If you hurt my wife I’ll kill you!’ 
‘Ha ha. Keep that attitude and you’ll fit well round here mate.’ I picked up my wallet off the floor and Jimmy handed me a bag. 
‘Put these on and clean yourself up. The last thing we need is you bringing any attention to yourself covered in blood.’ So I took the bag and did exactly that and Jimmy left the room to get on with things.
About 30 minutes later Jimmy returned with a pint of lager and handed it to me.
‘Don’t think I’m soft because I’m not but thought you could do with this to help settle you a little.’ Without saying a word I took the pint glass and guzzled half of the pint. It felt good, I could feel it trickling down through my insides, beer has never tasted this good.
 ‘Right follow me! We have got a long night ahead of us.’ I followed Jimmy through the door up the stairs and into a bar. 
The music was loud and full of people dancing, drinking, chatting, etc. With no idea I was down there. One girl checked me out as I walk past and winked at me. A tall leggy blonde, big breasted, big blue eyes and pink lipstick. She looked like a dirty porn star. I blanked her completely with no interest at all. 
We finally got outside and it was nice to breathe in the fresh air, my head still hurt and my ribs were killing me, I was finding it quite difficult to actually walk. Jimmy pulled a car key out of his pocket and clicked open a black Vauxhall Vectra next to us.
‘This is my work car’ he said as he was getting in, I was contemplating on legging it down the road, but knew I couldn’t get very far with the amount of pain I’m in plus they both knew where I lived and that fat bastard has seen my wife and would probably want an excuse to go and pay her a visit. 
I followed Jimmy into his car and sat in the front passenger seat. The car absolutely stunk of cigarettes, looking around it was filthy full of rubbish and shit, I just I hope this is a short journey. I just want to get home to my wife. 
About twenty minutes later we pulled up outside a grotty looking bar. It was just on the outskirts of East London. Jimmy pulled up the handbrake and turned to me.
‘This is where we just sit and wait,’ in a slow croaky whisper.
‘Mind if I open the window, it stinks in here?’
‘It’s probably the dead body in the boot! Doesn’t take too long before they start to smell.’ Jimmy said with a chuckle.  I just stared at him with disbelief.
‘Just kidding’ he said, ‘we’re more careful than that, Police can smell a body a mile off.’ I ignored him and just focused my sight on a street lamp outside just to try to get my mind away from the evil sitting next to me.
‘I’m waiting for a short fat guy, my intelligence team told me he’s in an England football top, bald head, short and fat in that bar over there’ pointing to another grotty looking bar about one hundred yards down the road. I stared at him trying to work out what actually goes on in that head of his.
‘Who are you people?’ 
‘All in good time my friend’ he whispered to me looking very pleased with himself. 
‘Sorry I really don’t think I can be any part of this.’ I undid my seatbelt and made a move to leave.
‘Sorry fella, but I can’t let you go, you heard what the boss said at the bar, try anything and I get to kill you, remember?’ Grinning from ear to ear, it was like he was enjoying the power.
‘But I’m just not cut out for this, especially if you’re going to do what I think you’re going to do.’ 
‘Fella!’ He shouted, ‘you don’t have much choice, we know where you live if you walk now, you die and so does that pretty little wife of yours. So sit back relax and learn something.’ I just sat there in silence. I’m being held against my will for the first time in my life and all I wanted to do was go home. It was about four o’clock in the morning, Lucinda my wife was going to be wondering where I am. I’m tired and my whole body aches. This is the last place I wanted to be.
‘Look fella there he is’ pointing in the direction of this short fat looking guy with an England football shirt on. ‘This guy is a rapist’ he said ‘and I’m getting twenty large ones to take him down’ smiling looking very pleased with himself. 
Jimmy started the engine of the car and slowly drove up the road towards this fat guy who was staggering across the pavement. He then turned and walked down an alleyway and appeared as though he was taking a piss. Jimmy stopped the car, ran up behind the guy and sprayed something in his face, the fat guy immediately dropped to the floor like nothing I’ve ever seen before. He then dragged the guy over to the car and pulled him onto the back seat, ran round, jumped back behind the wheel and off we drove down the road. Jimmy looked at me and smiled, 
‘This is the fun part.’ And off we went. 
It was now ten to five in the morning and we have pulled up next to a large lake, I had no idea where we were. Jimmy got out the car and said,
‘Follow me.’ He opened the rear door and pulled the fat guy out of the car, still not moving.
‘Is he dead?’ I asked
‘Yeah, he died instantly.’ 
‘How is he dead?’ I asked.
‘Can’t tell you that yet mate, right what I need you to do is slit his throat. It’s not going to be as bad as you think but it has to be done ok.’ He pulled a blade from the boot of the car which looked like a carving knife. 
‘I can’t do that!’ There was no way, I’m not that sort of person, part of me wanted to put the blade in Jimmy, I hated the situation he’s put me in. Knowing I’m not going to have a choice in this I started to get scared, my whole body was shacking. I felt sick to the stomach at the thought of carrying this out. I then felt something touch my shoulder, it was Jimmy and he has a sawn off shot gun pointing at me with a look in his eyes he was enjoying every second.
‘Look fella, if you don’t do this I will blow the brains out of that head of yours. This guy is a filthy rapist and he deserves everything he gets. He’s dead anyway, won’t feel a thing. Now hurry the fuck up we are running out of time.’ I grunted, took the blade from Jimmy, knelt down next to the fat guy, rolled him onto his back and placed my hand on his forehead. Jimmy then nudged me and handed me a pair of rubber gloves. 
‘You’ll need these’ he said with a smile. I couldn’t believe I was doing this, never thought I’d get to the point in my life where I would do this to someone. I kept repeating in my head - Just remember this is to save my life and more importantly to save my wife’s life after this then life would all go back to normal.
I took the blade, rested it against the fat guy’s neck, took a deep breath then quickly and sharply cut the flesh. I was surprised how easily this was done and hardly any blood. 
All of a sudden I felt shameful,  I sat down on the grass and started to sob, this could be someone’s dad or someone’s son what have I done? Jimmy looked at me and strangely put his hand on my shoulder. I jumped up and started to push him and shouted at him.
‘You! You! Made me do this, you bastard, how? Why?’ I was hysterical and emotional. Jimmy slapped me across the face hard, my cheek burned. Then shouted.
‘Pull yourself together, I was the same as you the first time I did something like this. We don’t have much time, we need to get rid of the body.’
‘Why was it necessary to mutilate him like this?’ I asked.
‘It’s the client’s requirement, as evidence that he is dead.’ Jimmy explained as though it was normality. 
Jimmy then pulled out his mobile phone and took a picture of me next to the dead body.
‘Fuck, why did you do that?’ I shouted Jimmy smiled at me.
‘You’re definitely not going to the police now are you?’ 
‘Fuck, fuck, fuck this is entrapment.’ How can I have been so stupid? 
Jimmy then placed the body and the remains in the car, pulled a can of petrol from the boot and poured petrol all over the inside of the car. He then lit a cigarette, took two large drags from it and with no warning at all threw it into the car. With a loud thud the car went up in flames, the heat from it was so intense I had to run to get away from it. Jimmy stood there for a second and smiled, I could hear the crackling of the fat guy’s body cooking in the heat. 
‘Ok’ I said, ‘How are we going to get out of here now?’
‘Like I said’ said Jimmy, ‘that car was my work car and not technically mine, stolen in fact. I have other arrangements for us to get back to town, don’t worry and follow me.’ We walked for approximately three miles without saying a word, Jimmy then turned to me.
‘You did well tonight’ I wasn’t sure whether to take that as a compliment or not, I just beheaded someone and was in shock from all that I had witnessed. 
We eventually got to a row of parked cars. Jimmy pulled another car key from his pocket and unlocked a silver Mercedes SL350. 
‘Now this is my car’ looking all smug and very pleased with himself. 
‘Fucking fantastic, can you take me home please?’ Not actually giving a shit about what car he had at this point, I don’t think Jimmy liked my sarcasm either. 
We headed towards London and Jimmy dropped me off where they originally beat the shit out of me.
‘This is where I’m stopping mate.’ Said Jimmy. I jumped out the car and just before I shut the door I looked him in the eyes.
‘We’re not mates and never will be,’ slamming the door behind me. Jimmy then wound down the window,
‘See you soon friend’ and drove off. I took a deep breath and headed for home, all I could think about was the possibility of getting caught, what had just happened and what will Lucinda think of me if she ever found out about this. My head was bowed down and I was feeling extremely sorry for myself. I didn’t feel ready to go home but with the sun pretty much coming up I didn’t really have much choice so I headed for home. 


***


Chapter 2

Six o’clock in the morning and I wake to the annoying sound of my mobile ringing, 
‘Morning boss’ still half asleep. Wonder what today will bring, thinking it must be important being six o`clock on a Sunday morning.
‘Rich we’ve found a body, forty-two years old Trevor Wilkins a convicted rapist, going to need you down Roswell Lake ASAP’ 
‘Yes boss’ with regret of answering the phone. I turn to my wife, 
‘Sorry dear, I’ve got work’ leaving the bed and pulling on a pair of black trousers.
‘It’s Sunday for god’s sake? This isn’t acceptable, we’ve got plans?’
‘I know but it’s the call of duty I’ve got to run,’ off I go through the door whilst buttoning up my shirt.
Forty five minutes later I get to the lake, I can see CSI on site and a white tent with crime scene tape everywhere. I walk up to a uniformed officer who looks as though he’s standing guard with a slight nervousness about him, looks as though he‘s only been in the job a tomato season and has just seen his first dead body. 
I flash him my warrant card and he steps aside to let me through.
‘So guys what do we have here?’ standing in front of what looks like a burnt out Vauxhall Vectra. 
‘We’ve recovered the body of 42 year old Trevor Wilkins sir.’
‘Has his family been informed?’
‘Yes sir there are two uniformed round his house as we speak.’
‘Good, so what leads do we have?’
‘Well sir, this wallet was found about 800 yards from the scene, it belongs to a Josh Bennett,’ the uniformed officer handed the wallet which was contained in an evidence. I look through the evidence and made a note of the address. 
‘Think I’ll need to pay Mr Bennett a visit, firstly I need you to run through all the details we have on this case.’ Once fully informed of the case I then decide to take a trip to Josh’s home.


***


Chapter 3

It’s now ten past eleven in the morning and I slowly turn over in my bed in absolute agony, my head is killing and my body is covered in cuts and bruises. I realise I’m in bed alone and decide to call out,
‘Lucinda, honey!’ with no response, I can’t seem to hear any movement from down stairs either. 
On a Sunday she has the music playing and is cleaning everywhere. I slowly step out of bed, clutching at my ribs and walk out the door. On my landing I have a large five foot mirror. As I walk past I catch a glimpse of myself in my boxer shorts and notice I really don’t look in a good way at all. I actually look like I’ve been in a car crash. Feel a little shocked about the whole scenario and brings a slight tear to my eye as I’m not used to this kind of thing. 
I make my way down stairs and very quickly realise the house is empty. I pick up my mobile and call Luc which strangely goes straight to answer phone. I leave a message asking her to give me a call as soon as she gets the message. Walk over and turn on the kettle in major need for a cup of strong coffee. I hear a sudden loud knock on the door. I open the door to a smartly dressed guy holding up what I believe to be a warrant card. My mind screams shit! Is this about last night? I reassure myself nah it can’t be I was careful I think? 
‘Morning sir sorry to bother you, my name’s DCI Richard Lewis mind if I come in for a quick chat?’ 
‘Yes of course,’ I said, ‘do you mind if I quickly nip upstairs and put some clothes on?’
‘Of course, I’ll make myself comfy in there’ said Rich pointing to the lounge. I leg it upstairs, throw on a pair of baggy trousers and vest and return. 
‘Cup of tea?’ I asked,
‘Coffee please, black no sugar,’ requested Rich. I return with the drinks,
‘Can I ask what this is about?’ 
Rich clears his throat, ‘firstly you are Josh Bennett, and is that correct?’
‘Yes?’
‘Your wallet has been found near a murder scene and I would like to ask a few questions?’ 
‘Right ok,’ this point my heart sunk into my stomach, I think I almost actually shit myself, I start to shake, my palms are starting to become sweaty and my heart is racing like I’ve done a full marathon or something.
‘Where were you last night?’ I didn’t know what to do or say slow thinking due to my head and body being smashed in and still feeling the effects of the amount of alcohol I had last night I lied.
‘I was home here all night’
‘Were you home alone?’
‘Yes’ thinking I have no idea where Luc is, I bet he knows I’m lying, keep calm I keep saying to myself. ‘Who’s been murdered?’
‘I can’t disclose that sort of information, can you let me ask you the questions please.’
‘Yes sorry’ right I think I need to get a story on what I was doing last night, I look down at the TV cabinet and see a DVD on the floor. ‘I chilled out and watched a film.’
‘Ok and can you tell me did you go out at all yesterday?’ 
‘Yes.’ 
‘Can you give me a run down of your events yesterday please?’
‘Ok, I got up at approx eight AM, left the house around midday and went into town to do a spot of shopping, came home cooked myself some dinner and laid here on the couch and chilled all evening’ 
‘Are you married or single?’
‘Married, my wife’s name is Lucinda’
‘And where is she right now’
‘Hmm I’m not too sure’
‘When was the last time you saw your wife Josh?’
‘Yesterday morning we woke up together’
‘And where did your wife go’ 
‘She went out with friends, she’s meant to be home now and I can’t get hold of her, does this have something to do with her at all?’ knowing it doesn’t.
‘I don’t believe so Josh, I’m going to make a move now I have no further questions at this time and will be in touch shortly, you’re not planning on going away are you?’
‘No no just off to work tomorrow’ 
‘Ok that is all, here’s my card if you need to get hold of me’ 
‘Can I have my wallet back please?’ I asked knowing that the answer would be no.
‘Sorry Josh we need to keep hold of it for the time being as evidence and as part of our forensic enquiry, I’ll see you soon’ on his way out he pauses and asks.
‘Can you tell me how you got those cuts and bruises to your head?’
‘I fell over.’
‘Interesting’ said Rich and off he goes through the door and shuts it after him. I fall to the floor in a heap think fuck what have I done? Just if I outright refused to get involved yesterday, even though I had no choice part of me wished I told him the truth but think that would have left me wide open. What am I going to do? I sit back down on the couch pick up my mobile and see that I have a voice message. 
‘Darling its Luc, sorry I didn’t come home last night, it was late and I stayed at Heather’s, will be home a little later, love you’ hmm Heather’s my arse I thought to myself. I decided to make my way upstairs to take a shower, which I must admit was the best thing I’ve done in the last few days. Feeling the hot water trickle down my aching body, the soap lathering up on my skin and hair, I had that feeling of tranquillity and all the thoughts and feelings I’ve had over the last day faded pretty fast even if it was for only a few minutes. 
After getting dressed and good food inside me, I thought I’d better go for a nice walk and try to rid these ill feelings of what I did last night and the scene of someone dying right before my eyes.
Strangely all I could think of was Luc being with another man, why was I thinking this? Just because she stayed over Heather’s house rather than come home last night. But then again there have been a few occasions where I have doubted her. One night Luc went out with Heather and me and my mate Alex went out and coincidently ended up at the same venue as Luc. Not something that was planned I might add, we normally try to make sure we end up in different places just to avoid the drunken couple arguments most have when there’re out. The thing is Luc and Heather didn’t know we were there and I saw Luc flirting with this guy for quite a long time, it angered me slightly as it would anyone and if it wasn’t for Alex I would have gone over there and battered possibly both of them but instead Alex dragged me out to the smoking area to calm me down then threw me into a taxi and took me to another club and once we had a few Vodkas in us all was forgotten. 
Part of me right now as I’m walking through Greenwich Park thought shall I just go round Heather’s now see who’s there and what they’re up to? or shall I just try and clear my head. Me being me and I’m not the most logical thinker decided to take the bus to Heather’s find Luc and talk to her about the events of last night. 
I went to the nearest bus stop and waited for the 181 which seemed to take forever to turn up. When it finally arrived it was full. I climbed in and stunk of sweaty human beings, I made my way to a single seat and sat down to find I was sat next to the fattest woman on the planet. Seriously she pretty much took up my seat as well it was so bad and all she could do was smile at me. I just thought in my head please don’t look at me anymore, she had that strong body odour smell it was vile it had a warm heat to it if that makes sense. 
Anyway… about twenty minutes later I got off the bus at my stop and headed to Heather’s house. Her house was the typical council looking house you expect for a benefits claimer, a single mum of three with no job combined with a diet of KFC and McDonalds you know the sort I’m talking about. 
Eventually after a gruelling ten minutes` walk I make my way up her concrete path littered with fag butts and empty cans of Stella leading to the front door. I knock loud, I can hear kids screaming and playing in the background but no answer, so I knock again thinking to myself the fat bitch must be deaf. Eventually she answers, I look her up and down, she’s wearing pink pyjama bottoms and a pink strappy top which clashed so much it looked like an all in one and yes she had a fag hanging out of her mouth.
‘Oh what do you want’? said Heather with a croaky voice.
‘My wife maybe?’
‘Well she ain’t here, is she?’ 
‘I was hoping she is as she left me a voice mail saying she was?’
‘Sorry luv what I mean is she left yeah!’
‘Ok and can you tell me where she went?’
‘Fuck off you little shit I’ll be there in a sec yeah just chatting to this man for a min’ said Heather to her three year old son.
‘Nice, anyway do you know where Luc went?’
‘Home! Init, you wanna come in for a bit or ya gonna shoot straight off?’
‘I think I’ll make a move if that’s all the same with you.’ I turn and make my way down the grotty looking garden path catching a glimpse at the used paddling pool full of leaves and fag butts thinking, my god how do people live like this.
I turn left at the end of the path and head back to the bus stop to make my way back home pulling my mobile out of my pocket making yet another call to Luc this time she answers.
‘You know how to answer your phone then.’
‘Sorry love you know what I’m like with my phone.’
‘Yes yes I know, so good night?’ 
‘Not bad thanks, Heth was so funny, she cracks me up.’
‘I bet, so where are you now?’
‘At home just put the kettle on, where are you?’
‘Not far away, make me a coffee I’ll be back soon.’
‘Ok love see you in a bit, love you’ she said.
‘Love you too’ I then hang up the phone and climb back onto the 181 back to Greenwich.
Walking back up my road it suddenly hit me again about last night and the fact I actually cut some guy’s throat, I know I didn’t actually kill him but still was the worst thing I've ever done. I kept saying to myself I had no choice and that he was already dead so technically I didn’t do anything wrong. I was merely saving mine and my wife’s life by doing so when my mobile rang, I look down at the number and it came up as unknown.
‘Josh it’s Jimmy how are you?’
‘Oh, how did you get my number?’
‘Easy, that’s all you need to know’ Jimmy replied.
‘Great and what do you want?’
‘Got a job for you if you’re interested?’
‘Nah I’m ok thanks’ and hung up the phone, moments later it rang again with an unknown number, knowing it would be Jimmy and the scary guy he is I thought it would be best to answer.
‘Yes’ I said reluctantly.
‘Don’t hang up on me, I was still talking to you let me finish this time ok!’
‘Yes yes ok, what is it?’
‘I have a hit for you, the client is paying big bucks, about £50 large ones and though it seems a straight forward job and would like to offer it to you?’
‘Fifty grand?’ That sort of cash was very appealing to me.
‘Yes fifty grand cash on completion? You want in?’
‘I’m not sure, I’m not feeling good about last night, I’m not cut out for this sort of thing and already have CID sniffing at my door?’
‘What!! What do you mean CID?’
‘Some guy called Richard Lewis gave me a visit last night and asked me a few questions as they found my wallet about eight hundred yards from where we dumped the body’
‘And what did you tell him?’
‘That I stayed in all last night and know nothing about it.’
‘Ok, we need to meet, where are you now?’
‘On my way home, in Greenwich.’
‘Good, meet me at Pizza Hut near North Greenwich tube station I’ll be there in twenty’ and Jimmy instantly hung up after finishing. Feeling I have no choice I thought I better meet the guy, so I make a call to Luc.
‘Hi darling Alex just called wants to meet me for lunch so going to nip out for a bit will be back later ok?’
‘That’s fine dear, tell me one thing, what on earth did you get up to last night?’ She asked, my heart suddenly sinking straight into my stomach.
‘Nothing why?’ I said.
‘Well there’s mud all over your shoes and all over your trousers you were wearing last night?’
‘Oh that’ I said, ‘I took a short cut across Victoria park it had been raining and got splattered that’s all baby.’ 
‘Aw you silly sausage, my baby can’t handle his drink anymore, got scared of the big bad wolf did ya?’
‘Ha ha funny, look honey I got to go I’ll give you a call later, fancy going out for a meal tonight?’
‘Aw ok that sounds nice anywhere in mind?’
‘I fancy Indian, can we choose somewhere later? Just fancy taking you out that’s all?’
‘Sounds good to me sugar plum, speak to you later yeah?’
‘Ok, darling love you,’ and I hung up making my way to Pizza Hut to meet with Jimmy. 
On my way there I thought to myself, don’t get sucked in with the money side of things, nothing is worth money especially going to prison for murder it’s really not worth it. 
Finally I get to Pizza Hut and Jimmy is already there sat at the window seat. He spots me straight away, he’s wearing a nice tidy black suit and black shirt, looks very sharp for a Sunday afternoon. I walk in and sit opposite him. 
‘Afternoon’ I said.
‘Tell me everything you said to the copper.’ So I told him everything.
‘You know they have nothing on you don’t you?’ said Jimmy.
‘No, part of me thinks he knows everything.’
‘Trust me they don’t, I’ve been in this situation a few times and believe me they have nothing on you, stick to your story. If I was you I would also report your wallet stolen as well. If it comes to it, which it won’t, in court they will have no evidence against you apart from it’s a mere coincidence that your wallet was found some eight hundred yards from where a dead body was found. Trust me they have absolutely nothing on you just stick to your story ok!’
‘Yes I will try’
‘Look mate there is no trying you will ok, these coppers are clever bastards and will try their best to find a hole in your story, keep it simple and basic and don’t change fuck all ok!’
‘Ok’
‘Good, right listen to me, last night I was impressed with the way you handled things, a lot of people in my experience buckled at what you had to do last night’
‘Well you threated me and my wife’s life didn’t really have much choice’
‘Ok, but still I’ve seen people go crazy over it, tell me how you feel about the whole situation now? And be honest with me?’
‘well, it’s getting to me ok, I feel sick every time I think about cutting that guy’s throat but I keep telling myself he was already dead and I did it to save mine and my wife’s life and had no choice and on top of that he was a rapist. I despise rapists to me they are lowest of the low.’
‘Good this is what I’m talking about. You’re stepping away from what you did and you’re turning it into a positive.’
‘Well not really a positive’
‘But you felt it had to be done right?’
‘Yes, well I suppose.’
‘Good, listen to me right, there’s this guy he’s a child killer, he’s done his time fourteen years to be exact but he gets out next week and my client is paying big bucks to get rid of him.’
‘Right ok and where do I fit into all this?’
‘I want you to kill him, that’s it.’
‘That’s it?’ I question like he’s asking me to hang some washing out for him.
‘Yes I will get rid of the body, all you have to do is turn up spray him and I’ll do the rest, got it?’
‘I don’t know no I can’t sorry.’
‘Josh, ok I’m going to give you fifty thousand pounds to spray a child killer in the face with a poison. It’s easy money do this one job and I’ll leave you alone!’
‘But why don’t you just kill him yourself and keep all the money?’
‘Josh, I have too many kills under my belt and now it’s getting to the point where I could do with someone working for me like I work for the boss man yeah?’
‘Hmm I don’t get it?’ I feel as though I’m not going to be able to say no to this.
‘Ok in simple terms, the boss pays me one hundred grand to take down a nobody right, I then need you to turn up out of nowhere spray the guy as you walk past. I then pick up the body take it away to a guy I need to talk to about a dog and the body disappears get it?’
‘Hmm no still don’t get it?’
‘Ok, Josh just work with me on this one and you’ll see what I mean ok, think about it fifty grand cash in your hand for ten seconds work?’
‘God I would feel a fool for saying no but I can’t say I’m sorry.’
‘Look it will be fine ok, walk past spray him in the face and carry on walking, that’s it?’ 
‘Can I have a min to think about it?’
‘Sure’ I get up walk outside and think more about what I would do with that money rather than thinking about killing a child killer. I kept thinking, I saw how easily Jimmy killed the last guy, but why doesn’t he just do it himself? He would be fifty grand better off if he sprayed him himself, but fifty thousand pounds for spraying a child killer with a poison for two seconds, sounds easy. I could really do with the money to pay off debts and really treat Luc to something amazing, I could tell her I got a massive bonus in work simple. 
I walk back into Pizza Hut sit down turn to Jimmy and say.
‘I’ll do it!’ 
‘Good man I knew you would you have that streak about you not everyone has, in a way you remind me of me’ he said with a smile. 
‘Ok, that’s enough for now, I have your number I’ll be in touch soon with more details, once there’s a set plan in place I will let you know where you need to be and when and what you need to do that ok?’
‘Sounds ok, how soon will it be?’
‘Can’t tell you that now’ and hands me a card, ‘these are my contact details phone me whenever you want but must be from a payphone, understand?’
‘Ok, got it’ Jimmy then stands up to walk out, I interrupt and say.
‘You not eating?’
‘Pizza? You must be joking I don’t keep a body like this eating Pizza’ and walks off laughing. I sit for a min had a chuckle after Jimmy’s last words and then dreamt about the fifty grand I would soon be getting, that will sort me out great I said to myself without a thought of the life I would be taking. Smiling I order a 12” meat feast sit back and enjoy. 
I get home later that day and find Luc snoozing on the sofa having a lazy afternoon.
‘Hello honey’ I say as I wake her up.
‘Josh what happened to you, where did you get those marks on your face from?’ 
‘Me and the boys got into a little bit of trouble last night, Alex pinched some girl’s bum and her boyfriend went a little mental.’ 
‘Why’s it always you though who ends up in a mess, I bet Alex hasn’t got a mark on him has he? No, makes me so angry I've got a good mind to have a word with him next time I see him. In future if it’s got nothing to do with you then please just stay out of it and let them sort it out themselves ok.’
‘Yes ok sorry.’
‘Now come here and give me a cuddle.’ We hugged. I wrapped my arms round her petit body and my wandering hands made their way down to get a grip of her bum. It was like a little peach, I’m so proud my wife has the body she does.
‘Cheeky, so how about that meal you promised?’ she said.
‘Yeah ok where would you like to go?’
‘Well you said Indian on the phone?’ 
‘Well I've just eaten so don’t really fancy going out now.’ Feeling slightly guilty I could see that she was excited about going out.
‘Josh, you’re a let-down.’
‘Sorry darling’ I said ‘I can make it up to you in another way,’ giving her a cheeky wink.
‘Not now thanks, I feel bloated and a bit sick from last night.’ I didn’t give her a reply it’s now becoming the norm to not get much action form her these days really gets to me sometimes, no wonder I get paranoid.



***


Chapter 4

The alarm goes off at six am, it’s Monday morning and I’ve got to get up get ready and go to work. The buzzing from the alarm shoots through my body. I hate it every time I hear that bloody thing. I turn over to see Luc laying there naked looking beautiful as ever, I wish I had time to play but duty calls and I’ve got to get to the office of the insurance firm I work for.
I’m head of operations, got to make sure all the work gets done etc. They pay pretty good too. I slip on my fresh navy suit, pale blue shirt and red tie. I like to mix the colours up a little to show my personality. I make my way downstairs switch on the kettle and make myself and Luc a brew, she likes it when I take her up a coffee in bed, she still has about thirty minutes left. 
I get up there take her coffee to her kiss goodbye and head off out the door ready for a day that will change my life forever. 
I’m on the train and my mobile rings, it’s an unknown number.
‘Hello.’ 
‘Fella it’s me, Jimmy.’
‘Jimmy hi, what can I do for you?’
‘The job is on.’ I pause for a second as my hands start to shake and that sick feeling you get when something doesn’t feel right hits me like a bullet in the gut. 
‘Right ok, when?’ I ask reluctantly.
‘Now, today where are you?’
‘I’m on my way to work, on the train.’ 
‘Where are you heading?’
‘Westminster.’
‘Ok, you need to get off at Waterloo, I’ll meet you outside the main entrance ok.’
‘I can’t Jimmy I’ve got to get into work.’
‘It doesn’t work like that, we have an agreement. Be outside the main entrance of Waterloo in twenty minutes ok!’ demanded Jimmy and ended the call. 
I’m actually scared of Jimmy and didn’t want to mess this guy around but I really don’t want to murder someone, why on earth did I agree to this? I kept questioning myself knowing that if I pull out now then there was going to be hell to pay. I really have no choice now. I keep reassuring myself I have an offer of fifty grand on the table and all I have to do is spray some child killing guy in the face and walk on by easy as that. I pick up my mobile and call the boss, Duke.
‘Morning Duke, I’m not going to make it in today I’m afraid something’s come up.’ 
‘Ok’ Duke replied in his deep monotone voice. We have a very good working relationship and for me to call in sick is a very rare occurrence. There were no questions asked. 
‘Not a problem Josh, hope you get sorted whatever the issue is and speak to you soon, take care’ and hangs up just like that I have the day off. Well to be honest I’d rather be in work than doing what I’ll be doing today. 
Ten minutes pass and I finally get to my stop Waterloo. I hate this place on a Monday morning full of commuters rushing round like a disturbed ants` nest bumping into me, running around rushing like if they don’t get to wherever it is they are going the world will end. I finally make my way through the flock of people and out the front entrance, fresh air amazing I thought. I look around and there’s Jimmy standing in a suit looking smarter than I’ve ever seen him, he looks rich and looks like he really looks after himself. As I approach him he turns to me and greets me with a firm handshake looking me in the eye.
‘How are you today Josh?’
‘Not too good to be honest.’
‘That’s understandable, just keep calm and focus on the events of today ok, will be over in a flash, follow me I’m parked over there.’ We walk over to his nice gleaming, well-polished, SL350 Mercedes. He opens the passenger door for me and I get in and get comfortable, do up my seat belt. Jimmy gets in looks at me and firmly says.
‘Relax it’s fine I promise you, I’m glad you turned up thought you were going to back out at the last min when I called.’
‘Well I don’t think I have much of a choice.’
‘To be honest you don’t when we have a deal there is no backing out, I want to keep this working relationship with you sweet. The way you keep me happy is turn up on time when requested, do your job no questions asked and that’s it, that’s all I ask. Understand?’ I just quietly nodded, thinking I’m in deep now I just know it.
‘Good.’ Jimmy starts the car, the engine roars. What a fine piece of machinery. 
About an hour later we end up at Copse Wood just off the M25, we drive up a gravel road and end up at an old barn, there are trees everywhere, I don’t think I’ve ever seen this many trees. 
Jimmy drives his car into an open old wooden garage. He gets out of the car and shuts the door behind us. We are in darkness with only a few rays of light beaming through the gaps in the wood. He opens the door to the car.
‘Follow me and stop looking so scared.’ 
‘I’m not scared.’
‘Right ok, it’s written all over your face.’ I follow him through a side door to the garage and into a garden, the garden looks well put together.
‘This your place?’ I ask.
‘Ha ha no, this is a hideout we have.’ We then walked through a side door into a house, again looks very nicely put together and well kept. To me it’s like an old lady lives here with little china tea cups, landscape pictures on the wall and a cat meowing at my feet. It felt really bizarre.
I followed Jimmy through a couple of rooms.
‘Stay there’ Jimmy said, ‘I won’t be long got to get a few things.’ About ten minutes later he returned with a white plastic bottle and handed it to me.
‘Take this and whatever you do, do not spray it at me you or anyone else unless instructed to understand?’
‘Errrm yeah’
‘I mean it! it’s a lethal cocktail containing cyanide and will kill whoever breathes in a tiny droplet instantly.’ 
‘Right ok.’ I place it in my pocket, ‘who designed it?’ 
‘Me, a few years back and the best thing about it is it’s completely untraceable.’
‘Cool.’ I then followed Jimmy back to another garage, he unlocked another car this time. It was an old 1998 Ford Fiesta, grey and covered in rust. 
‘Stolen?’ I asked.
‘How’d you guess?’
‘You’re not going to commit a crime in your stand out of the crowd SL350 are you?’ Jimmy just looked at me and grunted. 
‘So what’s the plan this time?’
‘Basically, I will be dropping you off at Shrub Hill Common in Hemel Hempstead, I’ll be parking up on a street near to the Common called Lucks Hill, the target will be walking past Shrub Hill Road at approximately 1130. Here’s a photo.’ 
‘Right ok, do we know what he’ll be wearing?’
‘He’ll be in a black Adidas tracksuit, grey hair with a bald patch on top.’ 
‘What exactly do I need to do?’
‘I need you to casually walk past him and spray him in the face with your spray, once you’ve done it keep walking straight, do not look back.’ 
‘Ok and where do I go from there?’
‘We need to keep our movements low and I need you to look causal and as though you have a purpose to be there. Once you’ve done the deed I need you to head for a pub called The Three Horse Shoes, it’s a quiet local not much goes on in there. Order yourself some food, sit and wait for my call ok?’ 
‘No problem sounds simple enough to me.’ 
‘All I’ll say is be casual don’t bring any attention to yourself.’
‘What about the body?’
‘That’s my job don’t worry about that ok I’ll tell you about it later. Right here we are, the park common is just through those trees.’ My heart starts to race I keep thinking in my head, I’m just about to take another man’s life, actually kill someone. I have to remember the fifty grand, the fact that this guy is a child killer, he’s a scum bag and someone high up with a lot of money wants him dead, I can do this, fifty grand for a two second job easy.   
Feeling pleased I’m going to have a decent amount of money in my pocket I walk towards the common and see a figure in the background. Black Adidas tracksuit. It’s him I know it, I do wonder where Jimmy gets his information from like the guy in the bar the other night. 
I start walking round the pathway towards him, I’m getting closer now, I can see his grey hair, I start to shake, the adrenaline kicks in, keep focused I tell myself. I look around can’t see anyone else in sight, I feel twitchy so nervous as he gets closer and closer. I can’t look him in the eye I keep looking straight ahead. I pull the bottle from my pocket I’m only about 300 yards away, 200 yards my heart is thumping, I feel like it’s going to jump out of my chest it even hurts slightly. I feel terrified he’s next to me now I pull up the bottle of spray and without any hesitation at all I spray him in his face and walk off fast listening out for his body to drop to the floor. I hear some coughing and spluttering then the body hits the floor sounding like a sack of potatoes. I can’t help but look back, I see the body lying on the floor, all I can think was I’ve just killed him he’s dead.
I keep walking as per Jimmy’s instructions and head for the pub as requested. Took me a good 40 minutes to get there and I feel knackered. As I walk in the pub was quiet, I went straight to the bar and ordered a pint of Stella and ask to see the food menu. I’m not actually feeling too hungry but better have something so I go for a plate of chips and the pint went down nicely. All I could think about at the moment was the guy I just killed. I actually just killed someone, taken a life just like that. I have to remember that he was a child killer and was an evil man. I must have been sitting around for about an hour when my phone finally rings.
‘Meet me outside as ASAP,’ he sounded tense and under pressure, I hope it all went ok. I nipped to the toilet quick and then made my way outside, the old Fiesta was there, Jimmy was in the driver’s seat all red faced and looked really pissed off. I get in and do up my seat belt. 
‘I told you not to look back!’ 
‘I was just making sure I got him.’
‘I told you not to look back!’ 
‘I… I was just making….’ I couldn’t help but stutter, there’s something about Jimmy that scares me and I find him completely unpredictable, I feel if I say one thing out of line then he would probably end my life without a second thought.
‘If we’re going to work you need to do exactly as I say ok.’
‘Yes sorry.’
‘This occasion it was ok as there was no one around, looking back indicates that you may have done something. Killing a man isn’t easy ok you have to be aware and on your guard at all times and as discreet as possible. If there was someone there they would have remembered you walking past then turning around, it’s that minor detail that can get you put behind bars, and it’s more for you than me.
‘Ok I understand, that makes sense, where’s the body then?’ 
‘It’s still in the park.’
‘What! Really! Why?’
‘Well the poison you used is untraceable, when they carry out the autopsy it will appear as heart failure and nothing more. There will be no murder enquiry and treated as a natural death, game over one less child killer in the world to worry about.’
‘Ok, so what was your role in all this.’ 
‘Just call me the supervisor.’
‘So you get fifty grand for doing nothing, I kill the man and get the same as you, seems a bit unfair to me.’
‘Listen to me, without me you’d have nothing, ok and yes I could have done the job myself but with two of us working on this I get to stand back and review, I’m an experienced hit man and know exactly what I’m doing and what to look out for. These kills can be unpredictable and if something did go wrong I had your back, now do you understand? I was the contingency plan.’
‘Yeah that does make sense, ok fair comment’
‘Do me a favour Josh don’t challenge me like that! Now we need to get rid of this car?’
‘Can’t we just store it back at the barn and use it for another job?’
‘No, doesn’t work like that, anything linking us to the killing needs to go right, so the car goes we burn it out, the police will just treat it as car theft and the case will be closed and it won’t be linked to that man’s death.’ 
‘Ok so where we dumping it?’
‘Don’t worry leave it to me, I’m going to drop you back off at waterloo station ok.’
‘Yeah ok no probs, what about my money?’
‘Look you got to chill ok you’ll get your money!’
‘Did you photograph the dead body like the guy the other night?’
‘That was the client’s specific requirement, I told you that, this time round it looks like a natural death the client is happy for my word this guy is dead and trust me you don’t want to lie to them and they know that so, stop your worrying you’ll get your money soon.’ We then pull up outside Waterloo station. I jump out shut the door and head back home. 
Sitting on the train my mind started to play games with me and the paranoia really kicked in. Was there someone there, did they see what I did, I then thought about Jimmy and his role in all this. He overlooked everything, made sure it did run smoothly and there was nothing connecting me with the crime. I have to trust him. I have no choice now, I killed the man casually and to be honest it was the easiest money I have ever made and if another offer comes past I will do it again. I sit there looking out the window of the train already spending the money I’ve unlawfully earned in my head. 
I’m going to buy Luc something nice, really going to treat my wife to something special then I’m going to buy myself a new car and then bank the rest. I’ll tell Luc I got a big bonus at work, she should believe it. The only thing is I don’t feel too great about lying to my wife but needs must, if she knew that the money was blood money I would positively lose her. 
I get back to my station and start to walk home watching people walk past as though nothing goes on in the world not realising they have just walked past a cold blooded murderer. I wonder how many murderers I’ve walked past without knowing it. I wonder how many murderers I’ve told to fuck off in the heat of road rage, just goes to show that we really to be street-wise and you should treat everyone with respect as you never know who they are or what they are capable of doing. 
I finally reach my front door turn the key and make my way into my house when I see Luc run up the stairs. Strange she’s not normally home at this time of the day and obviously wasn’t expecting me back now so what the fuck is she up to. I run up the stairs after her and she’s in her dressing gown. She looks startled as though she's been up to something.
‘What are you up to?’ I shouted.
‘Nothing?’ She said stuttering.
‘Take of your dressing gown!’
‘I don’t want to.’
‘Do it,’ I demanded. She takes it off reluctantly and reveals a sexy outfit and my god she looks absolutely amazing.
‘What’s this all about?’ I ask.
‘Nothing I was trying it on for you, was going to be a surprise for our anniversary.’
‘Don’t give me that.’ I turn and run down the stairs sliding on the last few steps almost going straight over on my arse. I manage to just stable myself and run onto the lounge to find her friend Heather sitting on the couch also dressed in sexy underwear, not that Heather looks sexy at all. 
‘Oh luv how’s you?’ she says in her cockney accent.
‘Hmm ok, what you up to?’
‘Well I have this mate right who does Ann summers and Luc wanted to get ya somefing for your anniversary so I offered to come round and let her choose some things.’ 
‘Ah right ok, I’m such a suspicious fool.’ I turn and make my way back up to Luc I feel such an idiot I always assume the worst case scenario first. I approach her and she’s crying on the bed.
‘I’m so sorry dear you can understand why I thought you were up to no good.’
‘No don’t you even say that, don’t you ever doubt me again, I was doing this for you to make you happy and you immediately assume I’m up to no good and this isn’t the first time either is it?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘You went round Heaths the other morning to check up on me didn’t you?’
‘Well I went there not to check up on you but to make sure you were ok.’
‘Don’t lie you thought I was sleeping around, I’ve never done anything for you to doubt me so please give me the respect I deserve as your wife and trust me please. This isn’t fair and you can’t keep doing this and jumping to assumptions’ she said bursting into tears. Heather then comes charging up the stairs.
‘You leave her alone init!!’
‘Oh I’m sorry love, this is a domestic between me and my wife so please do yourself a favour and fuck off out of my house.’
‘I aint gonna let you talk to me like that’ she said charging at me still dressed in her so called sexy outfit with bits of flab hanging out. A quick side step and she falls on the bed near where Luc was sitting almost breaking into a laugh but then refocusing on me and trying to act all serious. 
‘Look Heather there’s no need for that can you please leave my house so me and my wife can talk things through?’
‘He’s right,’ said Luc.
‘Fine, but you need to watch your back yer or one day you’re gonna get it, got it?’ She shouted at me.
‘Ok thank you I’m not too worried, now it’s time for you to leave, thank you,’ she turns heads out the bedroom down the stairs grabs her stuff and off she goes. 
‘She is crazy’ I said putting my hands in my pocket suddenly realising I still have the poison on me, shit, this isn’t good I need to hide this and get rid of it ASAP. If Luc finds this she’ll probably spray it and give it a sniff oh my god this is dangerous stuff what have I done bringing this into my home. I started to panic slightly, Luc looked at me.
‘Look it’s ok dear you’re starting to look all flustered, I may have over reacted a little ok come here, give me a hug.’ I sit beside her and we hug it out. She was warm to touch and is so gentle and loving, guilt shot through me from the events of today, if only she knew she was hugging a murderer and doesn’t even know it, who am I turning out to be?
‘I’ve just got to nip to the loo sweetie won’t be a sec.’ I walk into the bathroom hold my breath and gently pour the contents of the bottle down the toilet flushing it away then rising out the bottle with hot water hoping that whatever is left in there is diluted enough not to cause anyone any harm, then threw it into the bin. I wash my hands and make my way back to the bedroom where Luc was. 
‘So how come you’re back early’ said Luc.
‘Duke gave me the afternoon off for all my hard work, we’ve just finalised a project at work and I could be looking at a large bonus.’ 
‘Good for you my dear, you’ve always been good at your job.’ Again the guilt rushes through my veins, I’m lying to my beautiful wife, she doesn’t deserve this. 
‘What do you fancy for tea dear?’ she asks.
‘How about we go out for a nice meal?’
‘What as opposed to a horrible meal’ she said chuckling.
‘Ha funny you know what I mean’
‘I know dear’ as she’s putting on a nice dress purposely leaving the sexy underwear on underneath.
‘God you know how to tease me don’t you?’
‘Well that’s the idea sweetie, you wait until later might give you a better look’ winking in a proactive manner.
‘Can’t wait’ already my down below is starting to move.
‘Down boy’ she said ‘that’s going to be later.’ 
‘Such a tease a bloody good tease’ once dressed we made our way down stairs and out the door. 
We turn up to a nice well known Mexican in Leicester Square, we come here quite a lot and is where we went on our first date. Nice music in the background, hot spicy food and my sexy wife sitting opposite thinking to myself life couldn’t get any better when my mobile rang. 
I felt my heart almost stop beating. I knew it was going to be Jimmy again, I look down, it was an unknown number. I sat there just staring at it.
‘Not answering dear?’ 
‘Let’s switch phones off tonight and relax don’t want any disturbances want it to be just me and you.’ 
‘Aw honey that’s nice.’ I turn off my mobile not feeling too good about it and finding it hard to relax knowing that call was Jimmy and he’s not the person I want to piss off and not only that he owes me a lot of money. We wine and dine and have a lovely meal together, I keep looking at my wife and feeling very lucky to have found someone like her. She’s kind, caring, thoughtful, loyal and beautiful an above average combination for a wife she’s perfect. 
We make our way back home and on the tube I turn my phone on. As we make our way back up through the station and I get a signal on my mobile. It immediately went off to notify me I have a voice mail. My heart sinks and I get that horrible sick feeling deep down inside me. I listen to the voice mail and much to my surprise its DCI Richard Lewis asking me to call him as soon as possible. I turn to Luc and say I’ve just got to make a quick call and walk ahead a few yards to get some privacy. 
‘Thank you for calling me back how are you?’
‘Not too bad what can I do for you?’
‘I would like you to come down to the station. I need a statement from you on your movements Saturday night as part of our investigation. How soon can you get here?’
‘Well I’m out with my wife at the moment can it wait until tomorrow?’
‘Tomorrow is fine, see you then!’
‘Who was that dear?’ 
‘Just Duke after some info’ again lying to my wife this is going to have to stop as it doesn’t feel good at all. 
We get home and the moment we walk through the door we cannot keep our hands off each other, we couldn’t get each other’s clothes off quick enough and head straight for the bedroom. When finished I look at my wife and her naked body and just can’t help think how lucky I am. I look at her body its immense, lovely firm tits, flat stomach, olive skin and a lovely looking neatly trimmed vagina, I go hard again and can’t help but jump onto Luc and begin to make love to her again for the second time. We don’t have a very healthy sex life my sex drive its much higher than hers. It’s one of those things I had to get used to. I know a lot of couples who’s sex life has gone downhill but ours has never been the top of Luc’s agenda but my god she is good at everything and likes to do everything and I mean everything. 
Luc gets up and takes a shower and I head downstairs to relax a little and see what’s on TV. Flicking through the channels I see the headline is the guy we burnt in the car the other night. Not wanting to know the details on who he was and how hard his family are finding his loss I selfishly turned over the channel to one of the music ones to try to get my mind off it as fast as I could. Suddenly my mobile rings making me jump.
‘Hello’ I said.
‘It’s Jimmy, how are you?
‘Not too good I’ve got that CID guy wanting me to make a statement about my movements from Sat night and a little worried.’ 
‘Don’t worry it’s standard procedure to try and eliminate you, your wallet was found eight hundred yards from the scene doesn’t tell them you killed him and it doesn’t tell them you had anything to do with his murder whatsoever.’ 
‘I hope you’re right?’
‘I’ve been in this game a while and have to give a few statements myself where I haven’t covered my tracks one hundred per cent but they have never got me. A lot of murders are unsolved because there just isn’t enough evidence to convict anybody, shows how good I am. I know we didn’t start off on the right foot but you really need to start trusting me, to be honest you don’t really have much choice.’
‘Very true Jimmy, anyway what can I do for you?’ conscious my wife will be walking into the lounge any minute.
‘Got another job for you.’
‘I can’t do anything now need to rest and I’ve been drinking.’
‘Don’t worry it’s not tonight, this will be next week sometime, will be a night job and is worth seventy grand if you’re interested?’
‘Fucking hell seventy? Yes I’m interested.’ 
‘Good can you meet me for lunch tomorrow and we can discuss?’
‘No problem, ok I’ll call you about eleven hundred hours tomorrow to let you know what venue’ and hangs up. Find it quite rude and frustrating the way he ends the phone calls, suppose that’s his way and how he works. Seventy grand bloody hell I’ll be rolling in it before long, I wonder what I’ll have to do this time I hope it’s as easy as the last killing. 
Luc walks in.
‘Who were you talking to then?’
‘Duke again’ 
‘Hmm strange he’s suddenly phoning you all the time you don’t normally ever hear from him outside of working hours.’
‘It’s this new project we have on, looks like I’ll be getting more money too.’
‘Really! How much?’
‘I’m not sure but it’s sounding promising’ not wanted to blurt out I’m going to be having over one hundred grand sitting in my bank very soon. 
We cuddle up on the couch and watch the tele together, my mind is swimming with the prospect of all this money what will I do with it. What about the tax man? How can I just pay in one hundred and twenty grand into my bank with no questions asked? Who will I be killing? Do I really want to know? Maybe the less I know the better. I just hope it’s another scum bag so I can justify killing him.



***


Chapter 5

I suddenly wake to the sound of my mobile ringing, feels like electricity running through my body scared the shit out of me I never get calls this time of day.
‘Who’s that?’ Luc asks with a groan.
‘Not sure?’ 
‘Are you not going to answer it?’ 
‘No, I’ll leave it ring.’
‘It’s four ten in the morning, who on earth is calling you what’s going on?’
‘Nothing not sure, go back to sleep.’ Within seconds Luc is fast asleep again, I put my phone on silent and stare at it and as I do this the call comes through again.
‘It’s on now, you need to move fast and meet me at North Greenwich Station now’ and hangs up, fuck why the hell is this happening in such fast succession? I need rest and sleep. 
‘Honey, I’m wide awake now going to go out for a walk ok’ Luc just grunts at me with no questions asked. I get dressed as fast as I can and make my way to the destination, my hair is still scruffy bed hair, my breath smells like sour milk and my head is pounding. Outside it’s cold and dark and just feels so strange being up at this time of the morning wandering round the streets. I eventually get to the station and Jimmy is sat outside the main entrance in his flash Mercedes. 
‘Get in’ he demands.
‘Bit early isn’t it?’
‘Well this client is somewhat unpredictable and is paying over the odds to have this hit carried out.’ 
‘Who’s the guy?’
‘Well this time it’s a woman, she’s a witness to a very high profile investigation and that’s all we need to know.’
‘I’m not comfortable with this’ I said.
‘Well it’s the job. You said you were interested and there’s no backing out, this one is going to be a little risky too hence why the large amount of cash involved.’
‘Risky?’ 
‘Well it’s a case of waiting for her to leave her house and putting a bullet in her brain.’
‘Just like that?’
‘Yes.’
‘In broad daylight?’
‘Yes.’
‘And how do you plan we do this?’
‘The plan is, you’re going to cover my back, I need you to site yourself outside her house and intercept if need be.’ 
‘Where will you be?’ 
‘There’s a block of flats, not far from her house and I can get a good spot on the roof and can take her from there. The problem I have is I only get one shot as I only have one bullet left for my rifle, the client hasn’t given me enough time to prep for this as you already know.’
‘Right ok think I know where you’re going with this.’
‘So if I miss, which I won’t, but if I do I need you to pull on a mask run up to her and shoot her with this’ handing me a hand gun. 
‘You fired before?’
‘No, can’t we just use the spray?’
‘Nope client requirement is to put a bullet in her, again he pays high sums of cash he gets what he wants no questions asked.’
 ‘I don’t think I can do this, it seems very malicious.’
‘Don’t worry I won’t miss, I know all this is new to you but you have the opportunity to back out from the first kill you made in the park. I can’t have you back out, it’s far too late and I won’t be able to carry out the job and this one must be a two man job.’
‘Ok, let’s just get this over with.’ 
We head towards the mark’s house not too far from North Greenwich station. We park up in a parking bay which appears to be on a high street. 
‘Right put this on’ handing me a hoody.
‘Got your gun?’ he asked.
‘Unfortunately yes.’
Good he gave me directions to the mark’s house and I head off in that direction, trying to look as discrete as possible. 
My heart is pumping full pelt and yet again for the thousandth time this week feels like it’s going to jump out of my chest. The air feels cold it’s a strange feeling knowing that someone’s life is going to be taken very soon and I’m going to be witnessing it and maybe even going to be carrying it out. I feel scared almost terrified, what if this is some sort of plan to take me out? Shoot me in the back of the head as I’ve witnessed a lot of things and I’m wanted dead. I have a gun on me, I’ll be looking very suspicious indeed and with the police already challenging me with regards to another murder I’ll be well and truly fucked especially as Jimmy owes me fifty grand as well. He has a good motive to take me out. I don’t have any choice though and just have to go through with this. If I run and hide Jimmy will find me and definitely kill me, if he kills me now then there won’t be any pain, the lights will just instantly go out or I could be paranoid like as I always seem to be anyway and all this just in my head. I remind myself of the big wedge of cash I’ll be putting in my pocket very soon. 
I take a deep breath as I saw the front door I need to be keeping my eye on. I look around and can see two tower blocks in the distance which I think are the only two places Jimmy could be taking aim from. Looking around I can’t see how on earth I can make myself look casual and blend in. There’s nobody around. I notice there’s a bus stop about one hundred and twenty yards down the road and will be able to see any activity from there. I head down to it passing the mark’s house which is lit up like a Christmas tree meaning she must be up. 
I get to the bus stop and take a seat, pull out a cigarette from my pocket and light it up. I suddenly realise all I’m doing is staring at the mark’s house and have done now for the last five minutes. I then just stare at my phone and pretend to be reading something on the screen. An hour passes and I’m getting all fidgety and restless and now cannot wait for this to be done so I can get the fuck out of here. I hear a noise and the front door opens. A chavy looking girl steps out in a bright green tracksuit smoking a fag looking all calm and chilled. All of a sudden she disappears with a thud, had he done it I ask myself? I can’t walk back past the house, it looks too suspicious, I decide to take a detour round some back streets to get myself away from the kill and get back to the car. Smoking what must have been my ninth cigarette I start to cough and my throat feels all dry and head is spinning and my ribs from the other night are still killing me. I find an alley with the high street shining through from at the end. I head down through past the back garden gates and garage doors. I walk past a group of lads, thinking that this is strange at this time of the morning and one whispers something. I continue to look straight ahead as I don’t want to draw attention to myself and one begins to follow. I can hear his footsteps getting closer and closer behind me so I start to run and he takes chase. ‘What the fuck do you want?’ I shout breathless and starting to tire very fast. 
‘Nutting man, fooking stop man’ in a Jamaican accent. He then catches me and throws me to the floor. I scream in pain as I bounce off my broken ribs. He then turns me over and starts punching me in the face in rapid succession. I can smell the blood as it splatters across my face feeling my nose breaking. All of a sudden he stops and slumps to the floor in a heap, taking deep breaths I look around and see the other guys running off down the alley. The guy who attacked me isn’t moving and then I see it the blood running onto the floor from the back of his head.
‘That was close’ a voice said. I look up and see Jimmy standing there.
‘Fuck man what was that all about?’ I said.
‘Wrong place at the wrong time my friend, it’s rough round here you can’t be walking down strange alleys on your own, they probably thought you were an undercover cop or something and decided to take you down. I did what I had to and stabbed him in the back of the neck. Right come on we have got to move.’ We head down the alley towards the car.
‘What about him?’ I said.
‘Hmm I wouldn’t worry about him that will be treated as gang war and the case will close pretty fast. My only concern is your blood on him and the floor.’ Jimmy pulls out his mobile and starts talking within a few seconds. ‘We have an infestation needs clearing up’ and then hangs up. We stand around for about three minutes and his phone then goes off. 
‘Right let’s go’ Jimmy said.
‘But what about my DNA on him?’
‘That’s now sorted don’t worry.’ Jimmy then briskly walks towards the car and I struggle to try and keep up, holding my ribs and battered face. We finally get to the car jump in and drive off. 
‘So.’ and before I could finish Jimmy interrupts.
‘Yes I got the job done, it was easy, we have a minor hiccup with that guy attacking you but that should be sorted.’
‘How can you be so sure?’
‘Trust me… you have no choice.’ I pull down the sun deflector to look at my face in the mirror on the reverse. I look completely battered, what the hell will Luc think? How can I explain this to anyone? I look a mess. I pull the gun and place it in Jimmy glove compartment. 
‘What are you doing?’
‘Just getting rid of this?’
‘That’s yours now stash it somewhere at your place.’
‘I can’t do that, I really can’t.’
‘Ok, I’ll keep it for now, but listen to me. You’re going to need protection, these killings we do can get nasty and if someone follows you home one day or you end up in a situation you need to protect yourself like what happened in the alley way. 
‘I forgot I had the gun when all that was going on, if I remembered I would have used it.’
‘You’re getting there slowly my friend, you are a novice at this but granted it’s not everyone’s cup of tea.’ Jimmy then pulls up outside North Greenwich station where he dropped me off, I get out the car and I was just about to step out when Jimmy handed me a brown envelope. 
‘No need to count it, I’m a man of my word.’ I placed it down the back of my jeans.
‘Thank you.’
‘Don’t thank me it’s earned money, will be in touch and just so you know you won’t hear from me for a few days got to go to Eastern Europe.’
‘Business or pleasure?’
‘Ha pleasure mate I need a break and by the look of you… ha.’ I managed a smile then shut the door. I have this massive excited feeling inside me about this money, right now nothing matters at all, I have the cash and hopefully I’ve got away with things. I need to try and trust that Jimmy has all our  tracks covered and I think he does. I just find there’s something about him I’m not too sure about. One minute he’s nice to me but can turn suddenly. I need to make sure I’m on my guard in case one day he lashes out.
I pull at my front door now being about 0845 I knew Luc would have left for the day, which gives me enough time to clean myself up, get some sleep and think of a believable story as to how I got my head kicked in once again in less than a week. 
I get to my bedroom, look at my phone to see I have a voice mail, it’s Luc. – ‘Hi sweetie, not sure where you’ve gone, hope you’re ok can you give me a call when you get this please?’ I’ll take a shower first I thought to myself then I’ll call her back.  

I get in the shower and the water on my face is killing me my ribs still look bruised and my whole body is aching. I thought to myself I really hope I don’t hear from Jimmy for a while so I can rest and get my head round all this that’s going on. It’s all happening at a million miles per hour and I really need to slow down. 
Once out of the shower feeling slightly more fresh I call back Luc, she answers on about the forth ring which is fast for her it was like she had been waiting for my call.
‘You ok?’ she said abruptly.
‘No not really, on my walk early this morning I got jumped my two guys.’
‘What!! Have you been to the Police? Did they hurt you?’
‘I think I have a broken nose and my ribs are pretty sore.’ 
‘Right I’m coming home I need to take you to A&E and then the Police station.’
‘Luc its fine honestly I just want to relax take the rest of the day off work and forget the whole thing.’
‘Right’ she said ‘we’ll talk about this later then you’re such a stubborn git aren’t you…?’ 
‘Yes, I’m fine  though ok just a bit sore, the Police won’t do anything and there’s not much anyone can do for a broken nose.’
‘Ok sweetie, I love you call me if you need me ok?’ 
‘Love you too.’ She then hangs up. I go down stairs flick on the kettle and make myself a nice cup of coffee. Holding the brown envelope Jimmy gave me I open it and pull out the biggest wad of cash I’ve ever seen in my life. It has some weight to it too. Looking at it there’s no way I’m going to count it but it does look like there’s about £120k there, to be honest if Jimmy had short changed me I wouldn’t have been too bothered but although the guy is a murderer there is something about him that makes me start to trust him. I place the money on the side and decide to head into town to pay the money into my bank. 
Town was busy this time of the morning full of commuters rushing around. I went straight into the back and up to the cashier.
‘I’d like to pay some money in please.’
‘Ok, sir no problem can you fill out one of these slips please?’ Handing me one.
‘Well’ I said ‘I’m not sure of the exact amount can you count it for me?’
‘No problem sir’ and the young pretty looking girl who must only be in her early twenties counted the full amount. To my surprise there was £130k the majority was £50 notes with the odd £20 and £10 here and there. 
‘Can I have your bank card please so I can process this all this money with it?’ I hand her my card and she beings to process the payment. She then picks up her phone and calls for someone to come out to the front desk. Moments later a big well-dressed bald guy approaches me.
‘Sir would you care to follow me please’ he said in a very polite, high pitched voice which certainly didn’t suit his appearance. 
‘Yes I suppose, what’s this about?’
‘Standard procedure with regards to the amount of money you’re paying in today. It will only take a minute.’ I followed him into a well decorated office.
‘Sir, can you tell me where you obtained this amount of cash please?’ my mind wanders, didn’t think I’d be challenged with this? I’m paying my own money into my own bank.
‘Well sir?’ prompting me for an answer.
‘It’s a very generous gift from my mother.’
‘Very generous indeed’ he said with a smile.
‘Well she sold up and came into a lot of money and surprised me with this gift.’ 
‘Ok, no problem sir, thank you for your cooperation.’ 
‘That’s it?’ 
‘Yes sir, enjoy your money.’ I left the office out the bank and into the street. I was smiling so much my face hurt. £130k in the bank life is good, I didn’t even give a second thought to the people who lost their lives so I could have this money and right now I didn’t even care. 
I get home and put my feet up. I was thinking why did Jimmy give me £10k more than he was meant to? I suddenly thought that this could be a test? He could be testing my integrity. I decide to go out to a phone box and give him a call remembering he requested that if I was to call him it must be from a phone box. 
‘Jimmy it’s me Josh.’
‘Yes Josh?’
‘You’ve given me more than what was required?’
‘Yes I know, it’s a bonus, we give them out from time to time and I’m glad you told me, shows I can trust you. You’re lucky I may have killed you for not telling me?’ 
‘Killed me?’
‘Yes’ he said with a laugh, if I can’t trust you then I can’t work with you, if I can’t trust you then you could talk, and I can’t take that risk.’
‘So… the extra was more of a test?’ I asked couldn’t tell if he was being serious or not.
‘Yes if you would like to call it that.’
‘Ok, thanks. I paid it into my bank and they questioned me, is that normal?’
‘You fool, be careful with that you can’t go paying in that sort of money without a legitimate source. Next time we meet I’ll chat to you on how to clean your money, what did you tell the bank?’
‘It was a gift?’
‘And did they buy it?’
‘Yes they then thanked me and told me to enjoy my money.’
‘Good, be careful with that we’ll chat more on that soon ok?’
‘Ok thanks.’ I hang up and head home with a spring in my step thinking how rich I am and what am I going to do with all this money.



***


Chapter 6

In my office I sit there thinking about the murder case of Trevor Wilkins and kept running through the various scenarios through my head and all the evidence gathered. Convicted rapist found with a slit throat in a burnt out car, it appears he died from the slit throat according to the autopsy.  The burnt out car belonged to a Mr Hunt and was registered in Leicester which was reported stolen twelve days ago. Mr Hunt has been eliminated from the enquiry due to CCTV footage showing his whereabouts at work in Leister during the time of death and the stolen car is the only element linking Mr Hunt to the murder. Other evidence shows that there are twelve different footprints at the scene of the murder and to narrow these down to a specific individual would prove almost impossible and these can only support the case and be used as evidence if these match any suspect. The local CCTV doesn’t capture the Vectra in the local area apart from it was seen 6 miles away driving in the opposite direction from the scene. These images don’t show who is driving the car and even with modern technology these days there is no way to enhance the images any further. There is a team scanning the CCTV in other areas, local and Leicester but currently have come across nothing. Whoever carried out this crime is extremely intelligent and knew the blind spots for the CCTV they have certainly done their homework. 
Then there is the wallet found belonging to Josh Bennett, some 800 yards from the murder scene, after forensic analysis the wallet contained a fibre from the victim’s sock and is enough to arrest Josh Bennett on the suspicion of the murder of Trevor Wilkins, however the victim does have a history of crimes and stolen wallets were found at his house during enquiries.
Three uniformed officers and I DCI Rich Lewis turn up at the front door of Josh Bennett at approx 1340 on Monday two days after the murder of Trevor Wilkins. Josh answers the door all battered and bruised and a little worse for wear. 
‘Josh Barnet?’ said Rich.
‘Yes, we’ve already met?’ 
‘I’m arresting you on suspicion of the murder of Trevor Wilkins, you have the right to remain silent, anything you do say can be used against you in the court of law and anything you do say will be you against you as evidence, do you understand what you’re being arrested for?’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘Josh, come with me’ the two uniformed officers grabbed Josh, handcuffed him and escorted him to the police car directly parked outside his house. 
Arresting someone always gives me a good feeling, a sense of achievement and it’s even better being the one who solves a case. Sitting in the passenger seat of the marked police car I can hear Josh behind me making strange grunting sounds. 
‘This is wrong, you guys have got this wrong and I’ll have all your jobs for this.’ I sat there thinking how many times I’ve heard a guilty suspect saying that. Still feeling pleased with myself and trying to look professional holding back a grin I turned and said.
‘I suggest you keep your mouth shut Josh, you’re in a lot of trouble as it is.’
‘Well… I suggest you turn around drop me back home before you regret all this.’ I clear my throat.
‘Josh are you threatening me?’
‘You have no idea mate.’
‘We’re not mates and I don’t shine to threats, what is it you intend to do?’
‘You’ll see’ looking all smug these comments started to anger me but I had to stay focused after many years in the uniform Josh is just a number.
‘Do you have kids?’ asked Josh.
‘Listen to me Josh I suggest you don’t say anything until we get you to the station, understand?’
‘Just trying to make conversation.’ I dig deep and brush any more of Josh’s comments and decide completely ignoring him is the best way. I come across guys like him every day and first impressions he seemed a genuine descent person not the type to start threatening a police officer. Amazing how one can read someone so wrong.  
We get to the station and Josh continues to blabber on now I’m treating it like water off a duck’s back and ignore him. We have him processed and locked in a cell until we are ready to interview him. I make myself a cup of coffee grab a few biscuits and run through all the evidence against Josh in preparation for the interview. I like to dip my custard creams in my coffee I’m not a fat bloke but could polish off a whole packet with ease and no problem at all. I have a sweet tooth for things like these. Once I’d munched through almost a full packet I make the call for Josh to be brought to interview room B51 and have all the necessary preparations made with regards to the recorded equipment etc. 
Just before an interview no matter how many years I’ve been in this job I always get the jitters for a min or two. Once I’m in there I’m fine. I know that probably comes across unprofessional but I’m only human and would never make it known to anyone. I take a quick leak and head for the interview room. On entry I see Josh already sat there with a coffee sitting next to his lawyer. A tall grey haired man looking very stern and set about his ways he comes across as though he knows his stuff, I’ve never seen him before but my guess is he probably does. 
‘Afternoon gents’ turning on the recording equipment and I carry out the usual introductions of the date, time and attendees etc. 
‘Josh, can you run through your events on Saturday 13th August please starting from when you woke up?’
‘I’ve already gone through this with you why do I have to do it again?’
‘Josh for the purpose of this interview and the tape can you please run through your events and I would like to make it clear that we will need to run through this time after time so you’re just going to have to get used to it and cooperate, understand?’
‘Ok, I got up about seven thirty AM, left the house around midday and went into town to meet some friends, came home cooked myself some dinner and laid there on the couch and chilled all evening.’ 
‘Ok, previously you told me you woke at eight AM?
‘Eight AM, seven thirty it was round that time?’
‘You also told me that you did a spot of shopping now you’re saying you met friends.’
‘I went shopping with friends?’
‘What are your friends` names please?’
‘My mates, Tom Gunwood and Kyle Simmons’
‘And did you buy anything?’ I said.
‘Only food.’ It was clear Josh was getting agitated with the questions.
‘What did you have?’
‘Beer, cheese burger and chips?’ 
‘Where did you have that?’
‘In a pub.’
‘And can you tell me roughly what time you got home?’ 
‘I’m not sure’
‘Roughly?’
‘About five ish?’
‘Are these relevant questions DCI? politely interrupted Josh’s lawyer.
‘Yes I need to understand the whereabouts of Mr Bennetts on this particular night, this is bread and butter stuff standard questioning you should know that’ thinking to myself this guy just wants to make his voice heard to me so far he knows sweet FA on what he’s doing.
‘Ok, thank you.’  
‘Can you tell me what you had for dinner please?’ 
‘Beans on toast, was feeling lazy so made something quick, want to know how many slices of bread I had.’
‘Not necessary thank you’ ignoring his attempt of sarcasm, I’m now thinking it’s time to hit him with the big question now I’ve agitated him with all my standard questions.
‘Can you tell me why we have found your wallet at the scene of a murder?’
‘Nope’ he said, looking as though he’s getting all shaky and nervous and glancing over to his lawyer as if to say now it’s time for you to pipe up.
‘What were you doing down by Victoria Lake?’
‘Umm I’ve never been there, where?’
‘Victoria Lake, it’s where we found your wallet?’
‘Nope never been there, I lost my wallet on Sat afternoon in town’
‘Did you report it missing?’
‘I didn’t think there would have been any point!’
‘Ok, why?’
‘You lot don’t seem to do anything!’ 
‘Well I’m here today doing my job?’
‘Yeah yeah, if that’s what you call it.’ Josh’s lawyer nudged him and told him to shush.
‘Interview terminated at fifteen hundred hours.’
‘That’s it?’ said Josh.
‘I have no further questions at this moment in time.’
‘So what happens to me now?’
‘You’ll go back to your cell?’
‘Until when?’ he asks.
I lean down and get up into Josh’s face as a little intimidation never hurt the process. 
‘When I’m happy you’re telling me the truth.’
‘Can’t you do something’ Josh shouted at his lawyer, ‘I’m not staying here I can’t, I have things to do people to see.’ 
‘Well, the initial detention period is twelve hours. During the initial twelve hour period, a police custody review officer can authorise an extension to twenty four hours without having to get a court’s permission. So, the maximum you’ll be here is twenty four hours from the start,’ Said his lawyer.
‘What does that mean? I can go in twenty four hours?’
‘Basically DCI Richard Lewis here has twenty four hours in which to charge you with sustainable evidence for the murder of Trevor Wilkins.’
‘Quite right’ I said, with my blood slightly boiling inside. This lawyer looks all smug but this is all basic bread and butter stuff which most civilians are aware of you could just Google it to find out. 
I turn my back and walk out of the room constantly thinking what my next move can be. I need to see his phone records find out who he’s been talking to and also need to pay a visit to his two pals he was out with during the day on Sat. 
I sharply knock on the door and wait, I see the upstairs curtains move identifying someone’s in. Thirty seconds later the door opens revealing a six foot, skinny long haired guy. His eyes look sharp and slightly bloodshot. He was wearing grey tracksuit bottoms and a black vest, looking as though he wasn’t planning on seeing the sun light today. 
‘Tom Gunwood’? I ask.
‘Yes?’
I’m DCI Richard Lewis’ holding up my warrant card. 
‘Can I come in?’
‘Yeah sure of course.’ Tom had a very monotone voice and very deep I noticed a strange glare about him. There’s something about this guy I don’t like.  
‘So what is this all about?’ Tom asks.
‘I’m currently making a few enquiries about Josh Bennett, do you know him?’
‘Yes we are good friends, so why do you need to talk to me? Is it about his stolen wallet?’
‘Can you tell me what you did on Saturday please?’ avoiding his last question.
‘Well I’m not sure what time I got up, must have been around ten ish, had some food etc then headed out to meet up with Josh. We had some food and then went our separate ways, got home and took my girlfriend to her mum’s where we spend the most of Saturday night.’
‘Was it just you and Josh having lunch?’ 
‘No our mate Kyle Simmons was with us too.’
‘Right ok, can you tell me how well you know Josh?’
‘Extremely well, we went to school together and been friends ever since.’
‘Ok, has Josh ever come across as violent or aggressive?’
‘No not at all just his normal chilled self, why what has he allegedly done?’
‘I can’t reveal that information to you I’m afraid.’
‘Ok so do you have anything else you wish to ask?’
‘No that is it thank you’ hoping he wasn’t going to ask me any further questions, as he has confirmed everything I need to know and any more time spent here is wasted time.
‘Ok, thanks for coming just for the record Josh is a decent guy wouldn’t hurt a fly and is a loyal kind person.’
‘Thank you I’ll bare that in mind’ I just think he’s just trying to convey his friend as a decent person and heard it a hundred times before. 
I walk out the door and get back into my car. Damn, Josh was telling the truth and I’m running out of time and no leads to charge him, maybe he is telling the truth and his wallet was stolen. He knew about the lost wallet meaning Josh could be telling the truth. I turn my key wondering whether it’s worth going to see this Simmons guy or leave it because Tom’s story added up. I’m sure Simmons` would too and I really don’t want to waste any more time. 
Driving back to the station the traffic was terrible trust me to get caught up in rush hour and I’ve got to get back home tonight to take my wife out for her birthday. The problem is I have to let Josh go after twelve hours and I won’t get the authorisation to hold him for twenty four hours at this time. 
I get back to the station and prep for another interview with Josh. I’ll ask him the same questions again to see if there are any flaws in his story and this will also agitate him further. If he’s lying then I may be able to trip him up now if not I’ll have no choice but to let him go.
‘Josh can you tell me please what you had for lunch on Saturday afternoon?’
‘Beer, burger and chips.’ I continued to ask him the same questions over and over again with the same answers every time. I’ve now come to the conclusion he’s telling the truth on this and will need to let him go. 
Letting him go annoyed me as I really wanted to have a fast close on this case but doesn’t look like I’ll be getting it this time round. 
After the gruelling and stressful day I head home and my wife greets me at the door.
‘And what time do you call this?’
‘Don’t start dear I’ve had hell of a day.’
‘Richard, it’s my birthday night, please show me a little affection even if it’s for two minutes.’
‘Sorry’ I said looking my wife square in the eyes. She’s a lovely woman a school teacher and only works part time to keep her busy during the afternoon which works out perfect for us. At forty one Julie looks amazing but is so irritating that it gets to the point where I don’t want to be around her. Always snapping at me, mood swings like I’ve never seen and she’s totally hypersensitive.
‘Rich, drop the attitude please I do not want an argument tonight.’
‘When does anyone ever want an argument?’ I decide to walk into the kitchen to remove myself from the situation before it does turn into a blazing row. 
‘Don’t you walk away from me you bastard!’
‘You’re so predictable aren’t you, I knew you were going to follow me shouting, keep your voice down and calm down.’
‘Don’t!!!’ she shouted pointing her finger right in my face. ‘Don’t ever tell me to calm down.’
‘Love, you’re being over the top please leave it alone!’
‘Oh, so now I’m over the top?’
‘God I can’t win with you can I? Tell you what fuck your meal, fuck your birthday and fuck you!’ I storm out the door and head to the only place I can get some peace, the Pub. 
After a few pints all I seem to be able to think about is the case, it’s strange that Bennett’s wallet was close to the scene of the crime but this doesn’t actually put him in the picture. His wallet could very possibly have been stolen and dropped near the scene, the person who stole his wallet may have not even carried out the murder and it would be nice just to eliminate this from the case so I can put my efforts into something else. 
There was very little evidence at the scene, no weapons nothing and I had all my hope on this wallet which I can now feel is slipping through my fingers. 
I’m now on my fifth pint and can feel my head spinning and I just know as soon as I walk through the door then Julie will be on my case giving me grief. I stumble home taking me thirty minutes rather than the ten it should. I get through the door to find suitcases in the hallway. 
‘What the fuck?’ I slurred slightly.
‘I’m not happy anymore.’ Julie said from the front room.
‘Can we talk about this?’ 
‘What is there to talk about all we seem to do is argue, you’re more concerned about your job than you are about me and it brings me down.’
‘Who puts a roof over your head? Who puts food on the table? Who gives you all the nice things you have?’ 
‘Oh stop it, I’m not interested in all the luxuries, I want the man I married back,’ said Julie with a sob.
‘I am the man you married it’s me, I just have a lot of pressure on at work, it’s not my fault.’
‘Yes but Rich it is your fault because you choose to bring it home with you, when you’re pissed off at work can’t you leave it in work and come home. You can’t be the copper trying to save the planet all the time I need you to be my husband.’
‘That’s not fair.’ Feeling sorry and guilty, maybe she’s right, maybe I should just leave it all in work. It’s not easy though and is hard to switch off.
‘What if I get help from work, you know see someone from occupational health?’
‘It’s too late and gone on for too long I’m unhappy, I’m going to go’ crying her eyes out.
‘Just like that’ clicking my fingers ‘you’re going to leave me?’ can feel myself filling up inside and trying hard to hold back the tears.
‘Is there someone else?’ I ask. She went to answer and hesitated, I knew then the answer to my question. 
‘Who?’ I asked.
‘No one’
‘What do you mean no one, who is he?’
‘No one you know’ my heart fell into my stomach. I can feel anger, rage and heartache all at the same time. I’ve never felt such an array of emotions all at once, I feel like smashing things up but at the same time I want to hug and plead with her.
‘Why have you done this to me?’
‘I’m not happy Rich and haven’t been for some time, I’m sorry you found out like this I really am. You’ve pushed me away and now my heart is with someone else.’ That was a massive blow to hear my wife now has feelings for someone else it hurt like a shotgun to the head, at this moment I really wish it was. 
‘How long?’ 
‘It doesn’t matter.’
‘It matters to me Julie tell me how long, tell me how fucking long!!’ my voice getting louder I felt like I was starting to lose control.
‘About two and a half years, I’m so sorry’ she falls to the floor sobbing. I stare at her in disbelief, my mouth part open, heat rising through my body. I have this sudden urge to hurt her, I fight it off but it keeps coming back. I’ve never laid my hands on my wife or any other women for that matter and I really don’t want to start now. I turn and leave the house fast before I do something that I’d regret. I get up to my car without thinking jump in start-up and drive off at some speed, no idea where I’m going to go, I just head for the city centre. 
I eventually park up in Westminster and go for a walk still angry at the fact the woman I love has been having an affair for the past two years and I’ve had no idea. I need to find out who with so I can see if I can sort this whole thing out, I still want to stay with her even though every single part of my body says I should leave it’s my heart that wants to stay with her. It’s my fault I’ve neglected my wife’s happiness, I haven’t made love to her in months and it’s no wonder she’s run off with another man. I wish she had said something a long time ago to prevent all this. I cast my mind back to events that have happened which now thinking about it all makes sense. There was the courses she was going on with work for weeks at a time and thinking about it what dinner lady goes on courses for that amount of time. Weekends away with friends, she stops phoning me or texting me during the days and I was completely oblivious to all this because I was so wrapped up in my own career and trying to be the best I could be at my job. 
I walk long Westminster Bridge towards London and looking at the water it would be so easy to end all this pain right now. I could jump in and disappear but at nine thirty at night there are still a lot of people around the streets. I come to my senses and I ask a passer-by for a cigarette that declines my request. Feeling agitated I just don’t know what to do with myself I could go to a pub and drink my sorrows but that wouldn’t do me any good for work tomorrow as this murder case needs solving. 
I go for a long walk thinking of ways to fix this, I strangely have it in my head that I need to find out who this guy is and kill him which is completely unethical as I am a detective. Not really worth going down that route but the anger inside me takes over all these years I’ve been married and the past two years my own wife has been having another man’s dick inside her! I scream out with anger and keep getting strange looks from the passers-by. I decide it’s now time for me to drink away my sorrows. 
Stepping into the first pub I come across I hear one side of my head saying ‘don’t do this it’s not worth it,’ yet the other side is saying ‘fuck it who cares.’ I go for the who cares option. I look around and see a bunch of people drinking and laughing amongst themselves, I approach the bar and order a double Vodka straight. 
‘Tough day?’ says the barman.
‘You can say that.’ 
‘We all get them’ he says.
‘Not like mine mate’ he opens his mouth as if to say something else but I get there first. ‘My wife is a slut’ saying that out loud about my own wife kills me inside but I really meant it, I really think my own wife is a slut.
‘I won’t ask.’ Passing me the double Vodka which I down in one and passed back the empty glass.
‘Another please and a pint of Lager.’ This is going to be a long night and this is the only way I can deal with this. I down the Vodka and take my pint over to an empty couch and gaze into thin air. 
‘Fancy a chat fella?’ said this stranger standing over me, looking broad and brave.
‘Nah I’m ok thanks.’ 
‘You look as though you could do with getting some things off your chest fella.’ Do I really look that down that even strangers can notice something’s going on. 
‘Take a seat then’ he sits down and I go through in full detail what my wife’s been getting up to.
‘Mate you need to take this guy down who is he?’ 
‘I don’t know, I wish I did.’ 
‘I can find out for you I know some people who do private detective work and they never fail to deliver.’
‘Really how?’ 
‘Well you give me a few details a photo of your wife and we’ll do the rest’
This sounds like a good idea it’s something I could actually do myself but would be a lot more beneficial to hire someone else to do this for me because if I saw them together I would probably do something I would regret. 
‘Ok let’s do it, how much?’ Not taking long for me to make up my mind.
‘I’ll give my man a call’ he picks up his mobile and calls this guy after about a minute he cuts off the call.
‘Five large ones and he can put in a free be?’ 
‘Free be?’
‘You know finish things?’ 
‘I don’t understand?’
‘Think about it my man finds out who this guy is and can terminate his existence for you?’ My mind starts spinning and my palms get all sweaty. I’m actually liking the idea and I’m tempted to go ahead with it.
‘Is there any way it could get traced back to me?’ 
‘No there’s no way we treat everything with complete discretion nothing at all will be traced back to you, here’s my card.’ I take the card the name printed on it was Donald Duck with an international number on it. 
‘What?’ I look puzzled.
‘Don’t worry we can’t exactly give our real names or numbers trust me, this number will get to me.’ 
‘What is your name?’ 
‘Can’t tell you that but you can just call me Jimmy’ he said looking me square in the eyes and putting his finger up to his lips. Shall I tell him who I am or leave it, if he knows who I am then he won’t go through with the job if I want it so decide to leave it for now? I’m shocked at myself for engaging myself in the criminal underworld but when your world gets shattered into a million pieces then you do the craziest of things even if it’s arranging for your wife’s secret lover to be killed. 
‘Right ok, give me a few days to mull over the idea and I’ll give you a ring’ holding up the card between two fingers.
‘Good fella’ he shakes my hand gets up and walks out the door. 
Still sitting in the pub I wonder what I should do, have this guy tracked down and killed or leave it? God knows, I head home decide to get the tube as I’ve been drinking and would not go down too well if I was to get caught and would lose my job and at the moment my job is the only thing I have in my life. 
I finally get home and by this time I find I’m starting to sober up. I walk into my house and head straight for the kitchen to get a glass of water as my mouth is as dry as sand. Julie is in the kitchen in the dark and startles me when I switch the light on. 
‘What are you doing sitting here in the dark?’
‘Nothing, feel bad for how I’ve treated you and now there’s no going back.’
‘Well I’m not going to stand here and tell you it’s ok because it’s not, you’ve broken me and I will find it hard to bounce back from this.’ 
‘I know I’m so sorry.’
‘So, are you going to tell me who this guy is?’ 
‘No, there’s no point what good will it do?’
‘It will help me understand, what does he have I don’t?’ holding back the tears.
‘It’s not like that, he just gives me what I need, love, affection treats me right and is there for me. Listens to me when I have problems, you know?’ 
‘No I don’t know, where did I go wrong?’ 
‘I’ve told you, your life is your job not me, you’re never around especially when I needed you.’ She breaks down into a pain wrenching cry.
‘Look dear you know this is the end of us and you need to tell me who he is, do I know him?’
‘What! No you don’t know him’.
‘Do you work with him?’ 
‘Look I don’t want to go into this, I’m tired, you’re tired we both have work tomorrow and it’s really late.’ 
‘Hmm so that’s a yes then?’
‘Ok, he once worked at the school but he doesn’t anymore he’s moved on from there to another school.’ 
‘So he’s a teacher, right which school is he at and what’s his name?’
‘I’m not going to tell you, I know you and you’ll end up doing something stupid and I’m happy, not going to let you ruin what we have just leave it please I need to be on my own and to be honest I don’t want you here tonight is there anywhere else you can stay?’ 
‘Right I get the picture, you and your lover will pay for this and you will end up with nothing.’ Starting to get angry and raising my voice.
‘Don’t start getting angry with me and anyway how can I end up with nothing if I have nothing, now please leave.’
‘Oh so you’re going to be like, I’ll make sure you pay’ leaning into her face getting close up and aggressive. ‘You’re fucking a slut.’
‘Thank you, at least my man knows how to treat women especially in the bed room.’ My heart sunk into my stomach I started to feel nauseous and my hands started to shake, this is probably the lowest part of my life and that is the worst thing a wife could say to her husband, for me my worst nightmare and now I will make her pay. I grab my things which she has already packed for me and I head out the door heading for a hotel muttering under my breath. I’ve got to keep it together and I’ve got to find out who this guy is. I pull out my mobile walking down the road and dial the Donald Duck number.
‘I’m in, I want him out I don’t want to know how or any of the details, I don’t want anything traced back to me and I want him to literally disappear meaning no body, that ok?’
‘Yes that’s fine, I did promise to throw in an extra however, your request is a lot more complicated and complication comes at cost?’ said Jimmy.
‘How much?’
‘As I said I’d throw in a freebie I’ll bring it down to twenty grand cash?’
‘Twenty grand are you serious?’ Trying to keep my voice down to a minimum.
‘It’s a lot of work and yes I’m serious twenty grand and he’ll be gone by the end of the week, we ask for cash payment after the job has been carried out and I will give you instructions on completion.’ 
‘Ok ok let’s do this.’ Not really believing in what I’m saying I’m a detective and most of all I don’t have twenty grand to my name. 
‘Good, I will call you tomorrow for a rendezvous I will need a photo of your wife, address details and place of work, then leave the rest to us.’
‘How will you know it’s the right guy?’
‘Don’t worry we never get it wrong, just so you know I’ve cut you a lot of slack on your payment and expect it when requested understand?’
‘Understand,’ the line goes dead, I’m now committed to this  and there’s no turning back if I don’t pay then I’m sure these guys will kill me so I now need to work out where I’m going to get this money from. 
I finally find a hotel the Premier Inn not the best place but comfortable, clean and cheap. I check in and take a shower. Once in bed it doesn’t take long until my eyes get heavy and as I’m falling asleep all that’s in my head is Julie sleeping with another man it angers me but not enough to keep me awake.



***


Chapter 7

The cell doors open after a gruelling fourteen hours, I feel dirty, hungry and angry. They release me on bail pending further enquiries and I’m hoping that this is the last time I ever go through this. 
Once I’ve been checked out I jump into a taxi and head home but as I walk through the door Luc is there in the lounge looking angry.
‘Where have you been?’ she shouts.
‘I’ve been at the police station.’ Stuttering slightly.
‘It’s ten o’clock in the morning I’ve not seen you since yesterday what the hell is going on?’
‘Ok please calm down I was arrested as a suspect for murder, but it now appears it’s a miss identity.’
‘You better not be lying to me, murder? Murder? Who’s been murdered?’ still shouting.
‘I don’t know some random guy got found near the lakes, I didn’t do it, do you think I’d be here if I did?’
‘You could have let me know!’
‘I didn’t have time or a chance it all happened so fast and I didn’t have a chance to think straight, I’m so sorry Luc.’
‘Well, you need to phone Duke he’s been on the phone to me wondering where the hell you are and he doesn’t seem very happy.’
‘Ok, I’ll give him a call, what did you tell him?’
‘The truth, that you were missing and that I haven’t heard from you!’
‘I’ll call him now. No, in fact I’ll go into work.’ She looked at me in despair, I felt like a naughty school boy. I wash and get into my business suit and head into work. 
‘Morning Duke’ I say walking into his office.
‘Josh! Where have you been? You know it’s against company policy to take time off without prior notification unless it’s an emergency. Shut the door we need to talk!’ I knew by the sound of his voice that I was in trouble.
‘I’m going to have to put you on a warning Josh, I’m sorry but I need to set an example to the others out there if I’m seen being lenient towards you they’ll think I’m a soft touch. Before I know it I’ll have no work force and where would that leave me?’ Not sure if he wants me to answer or not I sit there in silence.
‘Well!’ he shouts ‘where will that leave me?’ 
‘Without a business Duke.’ 
‘That’s right, if this happens again Josh I’m going to have to let you go, do you understand?’ Not really thinking straight, tired from all the events and experiences over the last few days I feel tired and knowing I have a lot of money in the bank I stand up point at him and say.
‘You can stick your job right up your arse hole nice and deep!’ 
‘Get out of this office!’ 
‘No problem, oh and by the way Duke I’ve never liked you, I’ve always thought you are a fucking prick and cannot stand you.’ He leans towards me across his big mahogany desk.
‘Josh, fuck you.’ I bolt up in a rage and throw myself towards him, but before I know it security barge into the office and drag me out of the building throwing me onto the pavement. 
Feeling humiliated by the onlookers I awkwardly get up and walk off tucking in my shirt. Shit what have I done, I’ve lost my job what will I tell Luc she will go mad. I decide to give her a call and knowing about how much money I have shouldn’t be a problem being jobless for at least 18 months so not really any major issue. I’ll tell her that occupational health have signed me off sick for a month with stress and then take it from there. 
I pull out my mobile, turn it on and give her a call.
‘Honey work have singed me off work for a month with stress with everything that’s been going on.’
‘What? Really? I didn’t know you were stressed?’
‘Neither did I until now, I tried to argue it but there was no point, so now I have nothing to do for a month.’ 
‘Are you coming home now?’
‘Yes I’ll be home in about an hour see you in a bit.’
‘Ok, just so you know I’m still mad at you I need to understand why you were a suspect for a murder this is huge stuff and very concerning.’ She said hanging up the phone not giving me a chance to respond to her last comment. 
Sitting on the train staring out the window I’m feeling pretty good with myself, I’ve told my boss he’s a prick I have over a hundred grand in my bank and I now have nothing to do for a while happy days. I sit there smiling when a call comes through on my mobile, it’s an unknown number, my heart sinks. Shit I know who this is.
‘Hello.’
‘Josh it’s me Jimmy, we have another job come through, this one isn’t big bucks as it’s not one of my usual clients however, it’s a job and its money are you in?’
‘How much?’
‘Ten’ 
‘Ten!’ I shout realising I’m raising my voice looking around I repeat again in a whisper. ‘Ten?’
‘Yes ten but this one will be tricky, I need you to meet me tomorrow in the Asda café in Woolwich you know the one where the shopping outlets are?’
‘Yes ok I know the one, what time?’ 
‘I’ll confirm the time on the day’ he then hangs up, my mind then wondering what job this will be? Ten grand isn’t a great deal of money compared to what I have been earning but in the whole scheme of things it’s still another ten thousand quid. 
Walking towards my house I see Luc standing in the doorway as though she was keeping an eye out for me.
‘You ok dear?’
‘Yes I suppose, so how are you going to make it up to me?’ She demands.
‘What do you want?’
‘A slap up meal in the city and an overnight stay in the Plaza if you can manage it?’ 
‘You’re a cheeky one, yes I can manage that, anyway why aren’t you in work today?’ I ask.
‘I had to take the day off because my so called husband was missing in action!’ 
‘Ok point taken’ she gives me a cheeky smile and lets me in the house. I do find it very strange how she hasn’t mentioned being a suspect for murder. I expect this will prop up again later.
‘So where do you want to go for this meal?’
‘I don’t mind, how about we go into the city and have a look around until we find someone we both fancy?’
‘Sounds like a good plan, what shall we do until then?’ 
‘I don’t mind’ she said, ‘I may have a little snooze relax and pack an overnight bag.’
‘Ok then honey, I’m going to chill out for a bit and maybe watch a film or look on the internet.’ Luc makes her way upstairs and I open my laptop. I want to look into this organised killing thing I seem to have got myself roped into. 
Once the laptop has loaded I go onto Google and type in ‘hit man’ just loads of websites? So I then type in organised killings and search through the listings. I eventually come across stories of real organised murders and read through them. The content is shocking and I’m now one of these murderers. After an hour or so going through my eyes start to feel heavy so I log off and lay down on the couch.
I’m walking through a field and I’m surrounded by gunmen, they are all shouting at me telling me to put my hands in the air, I start to cry the fear of death pulses through like I have electricity in my veins. I decide to get up and run but my legs don’t move, I get terrified as these men charge at me with fists of fury punching and kicking me I tried to fight them off but I can’t move. I feel so scared and I’m shouting out in an attempt to be saved by someone. Then suddenly I’m standing in a street and Luc is in front of me, it’s raining hard, it’s cold and dark only lit with a single street lamp. 
She’s standing in front of me in her wedding dress and as she gets closer to me I see she’s bleeding but I can’t see from where, my heart beats faster and faster and I realise her wrists are cut open and blood is pouring out, she falls to her knees and holds out her hands with the blood dripping to the floor creating a puddle of blood. I look into her eyes and they are black the white is gone. I feel terrified I try to reach her but I can’t get to her.
‘Why’ she says. ‘Why did you do this to us? Why did you have to lie to me we could have got through it, now I’m dying inside because of you.’ I try to speak but the words don’t come out of my mouth, what is happening? My poor wife is dying in front of me and there’s nothing I can do I can’t move. She falls to the floor face first splashing in the puddle of blood and there is silence, the rain stops and the sun shines through the clouds. She lays there still and I hear a female voice.
‘You did this, it’s all your fault’ and Luc’s body fades away only leaving her wedding dress on the floor covered in her blood. I scream out as loud as I can in an attempt for someone to hear me and help me, I feel pain as though my heart has stopped beating. I keep screaming and screaming and no one comes I feel like dying and I wish I was I continue to scream.
‘Josh darling Josh’ Luc says shaking me ‘are you ok?’
I wake up and grab her and burst into tears.’
‘I love you, I love you, I love you.’ I keep repeating.
‘Shush dear it’s ok, you were dreaming it’s fine, you’re safe now’ she says softly.
‘I’m so sorry’ I sob into her shoulder ‘I love you so much.’ I come to the realisation I was having a bad dream wondering what the hell that was all about.
‘What’s the time?’ I ask.
‘Five o clock, you’ve been out for hours dear, if you get ready we can go. I’ve packed an overnight bag for you’ she said with a smile.
‘Thanks dear’ I gave her a kiss on the cheek and make my way upstairs to take a hot shower. 
I keep thinking about the dream and what it was all about, am I ruining our lives by committing these murders? Do I need to stop and go back to normal? I love the money and if I keep going I can give Luc anything she wants and we’ll be rich. I get dressed and we head out into the city walking around laughing and chatting holding hands it was bliss not knowing that this would be the last time we are happy together. 
We walk into the Plaza on Westminster Bridge, it’s the nicest hotel I’ve ever been in, posh stairs with colourful lights on the walls, walking up to the reception area we are greeted by a Greek man, tall dark and handsome knowing that Luc would probably have a thing for him. 
‘Hi ya’ she says with a giggle.
‘Good evening Sir, Madam how can I help you?’ in a deep strong Greek accent.
‘We’ll like to book a room for this evening please?’
‘Let me check availability’ winking at Luc, can he not see I’m standing here?
‘We have a few rooms left, a double superior ok for you Miss?’
‘Perfect’ she says with a smile, god I can feel the chemistry between these two and it makes me angry, she’s completely trust worthy but doing this right in front of my face really gets to me.
‘Ok, that’s all booked for you enjoy your stay’ with another wink handing over the room key.
‘Thank you’ she says with a giggly reply and a smile that would even knock Brad Pitt to his knees. Walking away I turn to Luc.
‘You’re such a flirt.’
‘No I’m not.’
‘So you’re telling me you didn’t fancy him?’
‘No.’ Again with a giggle.
‘Such a liar, I get it you fancy other guys but please don’t make it obvious right in my face it’s humiliating.’
‘Ok sorry dear, you know it’s harmless don’t you?’
‘Do I?’ 
‘Well I hope so, come on let’s check our room. We walk to the lift lobby which is all so very posh. Get to our room walk in and it’s like an apartment, with a lounge, bathroom and bedroom with a view of Big Ben pretty amazing. 
‘What do you fancy doing my darling’ she says slipping off her jeans.
‘Hmm what do you have in mind?’ she takes off her top to reveal her amazing body and firm breasts staring at me with a nice flat toned stomach. My I go hard instantly. I walk over to her and we immediately start passionately kissing, she pushes me off and onto the bed and takes off her bra, my god she’s amazing and then slowly takes off her knickers revealing her nice smooth vagina. I pull off my top instantly and then my trousers too, she leans over me and starts to kiss and play with me. The feeling is intense she really knows how to please me. She then climbs up me and I flip her onto her back and work my way down to her smooth vagina and slowly lick and play with her. She groans out loud and before I know it she pulls me up and kisses me.
‘I want you inside me’ I slide myself inside her wet vagina and make love to her she groans and flips me over and rides me like I’ve never been ridden before. We groan and enjoy making love to each other until we both finish together at the same time. 
‘You are amazing’ she whispers into my ear ‘come and join me in the shower.’ We shower together washing each other and teasing each other. The water was hot and powerful, the steam filled the room. We then dried each other and lay on the bed for a bit and fall into a light snooze.
About 45 minutes later I wake up and Luc is missing, I walk into the bathroom and lounge but she’s nowhere to be seen. Strange I thought to myself, I look around the room and her stuff is still here except the clothes she was wearing and her bag. She must have gone out for a walk, I sit on the edge of the bed and flick through the TV channels, why do they make these hotel TV’s so complicated? All I want to do is see what’s on but can’t seem to find the function to watch tele so I turn off get dressed and decide to give Luc a call. The phone rings and eventually goes to voice mail. I keep trying but the same thing happens over and over again, this is really out of character for Luc to do this especially when we are away. I get dressed and make my way down to the hotel reception area to see if I can see her walking around. She’s nowhere to be seen, I take it upon myself then to go outside and walk to see if I can find her. I walk across Westminster Bridge towards Big Ben but nothing, I admit to myself this will be like looking for a needle in a haystack so I retreat back to the Plaza and sit in the bar and await her call which never seems to come. Then my mobile rings, again it’s an unknown number.
‘Hello.’
‘Josh it’s Jimmy! Can you meet me tomorrow at the Asda’s at about midday?’ 
‘Yeah that’s fine no problem’ the phone goes dead which is typical of Jimmy not engaging in a conversation over the phone, slightly irritating as I feel we are starting to build a working relationship but I just put it down to criminals and telephone conversations keeping them short and sweet. I go to the Bar and order myself a pint of lager and sit and wait for Luc to turn up at the hotel. It’s one of those moments where you find yourself checking your mobile every ten seconds in case you think you missed it but being on loud the possibilities of missing it are almost impossible. 
Two hours and six pints later there is still no sign of Luc, do I get worried, should I be worried, we were meant to go out for dinner. She hasn’t called me and I’ve left five voice mails on her phone. Feeling worried I decide it’s now time to approach the reception desk and ask if they’ve seen my wife and the response will be nil as they don’t even know who she is as the turnover of staff from days to nights has been carried out so my only option is to retreat to my room and wait. I lie on the bed and put my mobile on outdoor mode hoping that if I fall asleep and she calls then I would wake up. 
I awake with a start and immediately look at my phone and there is still no call from her. I check the time and it’s 0215 I start to worry. The sick feeling grabs hold of my stomach and squeezes it until I almost throw up. I call Luc’s number again and it rings straight to answer phone, I really don’t know what to do now, I get up and look around the room for clues and find a note on the side counter wondering how the fuck I missed this. 
Honey, I need some time apart from you. I’m a coward and couldn’t tell you to your face I’m sorry. Please don’t worry about me I’m in a safe place and will be fine. I didn’t plan for this tonight but thought it would be for the best. Things aren’t over between us I just need time to think. I love you very much and will speak to you soon please don’t call me or try to find me, I will find you. I love you with all my heart Luc XXX
I screw up the note and throw it across the room nothing makes any sense at all. She knows how paranoid I get about things and I would bet my life there is another man involved. I feel complete anger and rage build up inside me so I pull the plasma TV off the wall not realising the amount of noise it would make. I pick up the letter and read it over and over again trying to look for a reason or clues as to where she has gone and why. 
There was a knock at the door. I wanted to ignore it but thought it would be best to answer. I open to see three security officers standing there.
‘I’ve had complaints of a lot of noise and we need to investigate sir, I’m sorry to bother you however, we do need to have a look around your room please?’
‘Yes of course’ the three men enter the room and instantly see the TV on the floor and look at me.
‘What has happened here then?’ not looking very impressed.
‘I had an accident. I will pay for the damage.’ 
‘Of course you will sir but I’m afraid we are going to have to ask you to leave the hotel immediately.’
‘Can I not just stay here for the rest of the night?’
‘No sir, you have caused a considerable amount of damage to the hotel room which looks as though it has been done on purpose and you need to leave please pack up your things now as we will be escorting you out.’ Not too happy with this but also understanding why I need to leave I quickly pack up my things and make my way down to the reception area with the escort of two of the guards. I then hand over my Credit Card to the receptionist and they confirm I need to pay £2000 pounds in damages and will be refunded the difference if any. I’m not really too worried about this at this stage all I can really think about is my wife and where she has gone. 
I’m standing outside the Plaza with no idea what to do, I don’t really want to go home but at 0300 in the morning I don’t really have much choice and with the tubes now finished I’m forced to catch a taxi home which will cost me hell of a lot. 
I flag down a black cab as he drives past and pulls up as soon as he can. I jump in and give him directions to my home and he states that the cost will be about £90. I confirm that’s fine and off we go, the journey only took about 45 minutes as the streets are dead and there’s no one around. I pay the man and walk in through my front door. I quickly rush round the house to see if there are any other notes or any sign that she had been back here to find that all of her stuff has gone. She’s left me my wife has left me. I lie on the bed and break down sobbing like a school kid who’s just broken his favourite toy. It’s hard to describe the pain I’m feeling and try to work out why she has left me, I’ve done everything by the book treated her right I’ve never cheated on her or hurt her and she always seems very happy with me. All this seemed very out of the blue and is completely out of character for Luc. I rush down stairs and grab a bottle of whisky I had in the cupboard and started to drink my sorrows away. 



***


Chapter 8

Opening my eyes was painful, my head felt heavy and as I leaned up I look across the room to see that I’ve consumed three quarters of a bottle of whisky. I slowly rise and head straight to the kitchen to get myself a glass of water as my mouth is so dry I’m finding it hard to breathe. I gulp about two pints of water spilling half it down me and take four pain killers to help ease the pain of my head, don’t think I have anything to ease the pain of my broken heart. I look at my watch and it’s 1115. Not long until I have to meet Jimmy and he’s not the sort of guy I can cancel on.
I get washed and dressed and make my way to Woolwich on route I try to call Luc again but as I thought there was no answer. I finally get to the Asda Jimmy was talking about and he’s standing there outside. 
‘I thought you said meet in the café?’ I asked.
‘There is no café in this one my mistake, fella you look like shit.’ 
‘Thanks I’ve had a rough night and took it out on a bottle.’
‘Not the best move but anyway let’s walk.’ 
Walking around aimlessly Jimmy starts talking.
‘Ok this job we’ve got on is complicated as I’ve already said, we need to track someone down and make him disappear.’
‘Disappear?’ 
‘Yes Josh disappear there’s only one way we can do this and it’s not pretty. The problem we currently have is we don’t know who it is yet and it’s our job to find him. To cut a long story short, I met this guy in a pub the other day, we got chatting and I explained that his wife has been cheating on him but refuses to reveal who it is she’s fucking. Our job is to find out who it is and take him out, which means we need to set up surveillance and I might need to get more involved on this but want to see how we get on. My other assistant Moody is a pain in the arse and keeps getting it wrong, one of the many reasons how you’ve ended up working for me.’ 
‘What are the other reasons?’
‘We’ll get on to that another day let’s concentrate on this job right. I’ve got all the details we need and the woman we are following is Julie Lewis a school teacher ok.’ 
‘Right’ wondering where I know that name from.
‘We track down her lover, kill him and dispose of the body.’
‘Seems a lot of work for £10k?’ 
‘Ah yes I know, I’ve gone back to the guy and have managed to get more due to the nature of the work and has reluctantly agreed.’ 
‘So, how much are we talking about?’ 
‘Thirty grand each which is a lot better than £10k, I normally have a set of clients who are top executives who ask me to take people out to help with business deals, drug barons who need bodies disposed of and a hit man agency who come to me for all their killings and that’s who you’ve done work through me for.’
‘Who’s the hit man agency?’ 
‘Not really meant to go into detail but as you’re in deep now and by the way the only way you get out of this is death’ giving me a grin. ‘The client we are talking about is the boss man that fat shit you met in the cellar remember that day?’
‘Yes how could I forget?’
‘He’s now a billionaire from this work and other drug and people trafficking etc but has never got his hands dirty keeping him clean although I’m not complaining he’s made me rich.’ 
‘Death?’
‘Yes death because of the underground organised criminal world you’re now in, the only way you can stop working for me is by being killed. I trust you and know you won’t ever go to the police as you have blood on your hands but if you want out before you’re fifty then I have to kill you.’ 
‘Fair enough not much I can do about that now.’ 
‘Right anyway we need to start surveillance this afternoon, are you ready for it?’
‘Well I need to have something to eat first I’ve not eaten and I’m extremely hung-over’
‘No problem there’s a McDonalds over there have anything you want’ handing me a £20 note.
‘Thanks’ I walk over order a BigMac meal and two cheeseburgers which doesn’t seem to take me long to consume. 
As I step outside and look around for Jimmy I catch a glimpse of his Silver Mercedes, I walk over and jump in.
‘Enjoy that?’ he asked. 
‘Yeah not bad cheers for that’ handing him the change.
‘Right we need to go to my place first I’ve got to pick up some supplies and we can head from there ok.’ We drive off, through the black wall tunnel and head for Hertfordshire. I fall asleep en route and Jimmy wakes me up when we get there. Big gates outside the front of his house which open with a remote control, the street is massive with a line of trees both sides and rows of mansions spreading down. 
‘The Beckhams once lived there’ pointing to the house next door to his. 
‘Really’ I was impressed and knew that if I continue in this line of work I would end up in a place like this one day. 
The gates open to reveal a nice big red brick house, bigger than four of mine put together, the driveway was so big it had a mini roundabout in the centre and I can see four garages to my left. 
‘What cars do you have in there?’
‘I’ll show you later, we don’t have much time as the school we need to get to closes soon and we need to follow Julie Lewis from there.’ 
‘Ok fair comment.’ 
‘Stay there I’ll be back in a second,’ he runs up to one of his garages and opens if with a remote which slowly reveals an Aston Martin, not sure which model as they all look the same from the front. As I sit there admiring the car for a short while Jimmy reappears with a black holdall and was running back to the car with the garage door closing behind him.
‘Nice car’ I said as he climbs back in.
‘Thanks, that’s the Vantage one of my favourites.’ 
Soon enough we are racing off through the streets of London heading for the school Julie Lewis works for. 
‘In that holdall’ Jimmy says. ‘There are a few pieces of equipment we need for this task, can you get out the camera in the black case.’ I reach round and pull out the camera, it’s a heavy piece of kit and by the looks of it it’s worth a few bob. 
‘Ok we’ll use this to find Julie, in the glove compartment there’s a picture of her.’ I pull the picture out of this pretty looking woman. ‘We need to confirm a positive ID of this woman and then follow her, we also need to be extremely careful hanging round outside a school so we can plant a tracker on her car which is also in the bag. It’s small silver half an egg shaped.’ I feel around in the bag and find it quite quickly holding it up. ‘That’s the boy, we will put this under her car the car details are on the back on the photo and should be parked in the school car park.’ A black ford focus, reg number is FT06 DFT, shouldn’t be too hard to find.
We pull up outside the school and I take it upon myself to locate the Focus and plant the tracking device underneath it, knowing I don’t have much time I need to act quickly and with quick instructions from Jimmy seems pretty easy to do. I get out of the car and discretely walk fast into the school and it doesn’t take long until I find the car, it’s parked in between two larger cars a Range Rover and a Nissan Navarra. I now need to get underneath the car and place the tracking device. I look around and see two landscape gardeners looking at me, I can’t hang around so I pretend to drop something pull myself under the car and place the tracker under the car. The magnet of the device sticks like glue didn’t even know these things existed. I roll out from under the car and one of the gardeners is standing over me.
‘What are you up to?’ he asks.
‘I dropped something.’ 
‘Got it or do you need a hand?’
‘I’ve got it thanks’
‘What was it?’ 
‘Oh my wedding ring’ I reply holding up my wedding finger.
‘Strange, what are you doing on these school grounds?’
Not sure what to say I decide to just ignore him and walk off, he follows I turn around to him.
‘What the fuck do you want?’ I say with an aggressive tone.
‘I have a duty of care to look after the grounds and to keep an eye out for any suspicious activity.’
‘Look if you must know my wife’s having an affair and I’m hanging around to try and catch her out. That’s it I’m not here to cause any trouble or anything else I’m just trying to hold on to what male pride I have left.’ I think to myself that doesn’t even make any sense but hopefully for a gardener he’ll just accept what I’m saying and walk on by.
‘Ok but just leave the grounds before I call security.’ I turn my back to him and swiftly move from the grounds and head back to the Mercedes. I get in and look at Jimmy.
‘Any problems?’ He asks.
‘Just a gardener on a power trip, nothing I can’t handle.’
‘Ok good, we’ll drive on down the road and wait for the car to start moving.’ We park up in a McDonalds car park and we must have sat there and waiting for about 45 minutes when the tracker connected to Jimmy’s laptop starting moving. 
‘She’s on the move’ says Jimmy. We wait for about another five minutes Jimmy starts up his car and we begin to drive after the Focus. It doesn’t take too long before we catch up, staying back three cars and keeping the car in sight we continue to follow her through streets upon streets until she finally stops outside a small block of flats. She gets out of her car and we then are able to confirm this is Julie Lewis from the photo we have. 
We sit and watch as she climbs out of her car and walks into the block of flats.
‘What now?’ I ask.
‘We sit and wait?’
‘How do we know this isn’t her home address?’
‘Because I have that detail and this place isn’t it.’ 
We sit and wait for what seems like hours even the sun had started to go down and was becoming dusk when we spot two figures walk out of the flats. One we can confirm was Julie however, the other strangely had a head scarf on and sun glasses so big that they covered the whole of the top part of their face. We could see one thing and that was this was a woman and not a man. They were holding hands and laughing together and I knew that our job now was to follow them to confirm that this was the person Julie was having an affair with. 
‘If these are lovers will we be killing her?’ I ask.
‘Yes this is our job and what we are getting paid for do you have a problem with that?’
‘No not at all’ the words came out of my mouth very easy all this was becoming very natural to me already. 
Jimmy once again fires up his car and we begin to follow after about five minutes of them leaving. I have the laptop on my lap and am giving Jimmy directions on where he needs to be going. I was surprised how good this kit was. I was expecting it to be temperamental but seemed to run very smoothly a bit like a satnav showing their car as a blue dot and ours as a red dot.
‘This kit’s good isn’t it’ I said.
‘Yes it’s good, please concentrate.’ We follow them for approximately thirty miles and they end up turning down a country road which leads towards Surrey. Jimmy pulls over the car.
‘Why have we stopped?’ I ask him.
‘Because it may be too obvious if we’re the only car behind them like we have been for the past ten miles, if they are having an affair they are possibly vigilant to things, we have the tracker it’s no problem.’ After about 20 mins and two cigarettes we begin to move on down the country lane, looking at the laptop screen their car has stopped approximately 12 miles down the road. 
Driving through the lane all we can see are trees everywhere, they must be going somewhere secluded. We are now close to where their car is parked which is outside a country pub and there is no danger of us going in and watching them.
‘Right when we’re in there act casual, don’t sit there staring at them ok, I need to get a couple of shots of them together and anything that shows they are lovers once we’ve done that our job is done for the day. If we can confirm this is the person Julie is having an affair with we will carry out the kill later this week but we need to plan it properly. You happy with that?’
‘Yes that’s fine.’
The pub is empty and has a nice warm feeling about it, there is soft music playing in the background and an attractive woman serving behind the bar, after a quick glance round our targets are nowhere in sight. We sit at the bar as planned and order two pints. 
‘Can you see them?’ I ask.
‘Shush’ Jimmy says ‘I’ve told you to act causal and we are not to converse on the real reason we are in here got it?’
‘Yeah sorry, so tell me more about your cars.’
‘I have the Aston which you’ve already seen, my Merc which is sitting outside and an Arial Atom.’ 
‘Arial Atom?’ 
‘Yeah it’s like a go cart with the power of a super car, I’ll take you out in it one day if you like?’ 
‘Yeah sure, I love cars.’ 
‘So do you have a wife?’ I ask. 
‘Nope I’m what they call a player, a bit of a jack the lad. I mess around a lot when I have time to anyway and go on dates etc.’ 
‘Cool, loving life then.’
‘Yeah you can say that’ raising his eyebrows and pointing his forehead in the direction of a fire place which is about ten yards behind me.
‘Don’t look over your shoulder’ he says so I sit there wondering what the hell he’s seen, it’s so hard not to look when someone tells you not to and the anticipation gets the better of me and as I slowly go to look round Jimmy kicks my shin hard.
‘I told you not to look’ I hear a strange clicking noise not quite sure what it is. ‘I’ll take you out in the Aston one day too it’s an amazing piece of machinery.’ He says loud.
‘Ok, great.’ Jimmy then downs his pint and I do the same.
‘Let’s go’ as I get up and walk towards the door the chairs are empty near the fire place. We step outside and I see the Focus driving off down the road. 
‘Are we going to follow them?’
‘No need I got all I need on camera.’
‘Really how?’ He shows me a lens pointing out form the collar of his shirt. 
‘I see and that’s what the clicking noise was?’
‘Yep, get in.’ We get into the car and head back towards East London.
‘So, what did you get on camera?’ 
‘Julie passionately kissing another woman’ he says with a grin, ‘and I saw her put her hand up the other woman’s skirt which for me confirms all.’
‘How can you be so sure?’
‘Trust me I’ve been in this game a long time fella I know.’
‘So what happens now?’
‘I show this to the client and then carry out the killing of her lover as requested and we get paid.’
‘Nice, more money’ I say with a smile.
‘This time don’t go paying it straight into your bank you need to clean it first.’ 
‘Ok, how do I do that?’
‘What I normally do is buy a car in cash and then a few days later get it refunded on my debit card, this way it looks to the bank that it’s a legitimate fund, but you can’t do it on just cars. I’ve bought boats and resold them for ten grand or cheaper etc.. It’s a small price to pay for cleaning money and needs to be done.’ 
‘Ok, I’ll bare that in mind.’ We eventually pull up outside Asda where I was picked up.
‘Any chance of dropping me home?’
‘Yeah ok fella’ I give him directions to my house and within 10 minutes we were there.
‘Fancy a drink?’ I ask.
‘No it’s ok, I’ve still got a bit of work to do with uploading these pictures etc.’ I get out of the car and head through my front door. The house feels cold and empty which it is so I do the same thing I seem to do every night lately and drink a bottle of whisky on the couch.



***


Chapter 9

Re-mortgaging my house isn’t something I ever dreamt of doing but now I don’t really have much choice. The problem I’m faced with is that I need Julie’s signature to authorise the re-mortgaging and that will prove impossible to get so I’m going to have to dig deep and break the law once again. My wife’s signature is easy to forge and once I’ve finished with her new lover I’m sure this will be the last thing on her mind. 
‘Here you go Mr Lewis’ says my bank manager handing me the final forms for the re-mortgage. 
‘Thanks, when do you need these back?’
‘Well as soon as you have your wife’s signature to be honest considering the urgency for this money.’
‘No problem, I will have this signed sealed and delivered by tomorrow and will deliver back to you by hand.’ I stand and hold out my hand for my bank manager to shake.
‘Will see you tomorrow.’ I said and walk out through his office and into the foyer of the bank. It’s now Wednesday, hot and sunny outside especially as it’s about midday. I put on my sunglasses and head back to my office in the station. 
For some reason I’m feeling pretty pleased with myself, I’m not sure if it’s because I feel I’m going to win this issue with my wife and will be getting her back by having her lover killed or just the sense of overall power I have over this situation. 
Once in the office and my PC is loaded I again try to concentrate on the case I’m heading to see what else can be done. I have accepted the fact that Mr Bennett probably has no involvement with the murder however, I’m still slightly suspicious of him. There is nothing out of the ordinary on the victim’s mobile phone and there is very little evidence, whoever carried out this murder are professionals.
I sit there gazing into my computer screen thinking about Julie and what she’s been up to, I just wish I knew who it was she’s been having an affair with. I make an attempt to give her a call but goes straight through to answer phone so I then decide to give Donald Duck a call.
‘Hi it’s Rich just wondering if you’ve found anything out?’
‘I sent you photos to your Yahoo email account have you not received them?’
‘No I’ll have a look, so what’s your next plan?’ 
‘We plan to take out her lover on Fri I will call you on completion.’ The line goes dead and I log onto my Yahoo account as fast as I can and to my surprise I can see that my wife is having an affair with a woman. I sit back in my chair completely shocked by this I had no idea, did I not see this? How did I miss this? It seems so strange to see my wife with a woman. It suddenly dawned on me that this woman was going to be murdered and I didn’t want the blood of a woman on my hands. I pick up my phone and decide to give him a call back.
‘Hi it’s me Rich again, I want out of this I don’t want you to kill this woman.’ 
‘It’s too late we have a deal and there’s no going back on it now!’ he hangs up. Feeling angry inside and confused I try to call him back again but the call gets forwarded straight to answer phone, I keep trying and trying but the same thing keeps happening, I begin to panic I’m going to be responsible for murder the penny drops on what I’ve actually agreed to. If I refuse to pay then they will kill me, he’s going to kill this woman anyway. I feel stuck and I start to sweat, I’m the police there must be something I can do about this but I’m not prepared to get myself into to trouble. I can’t go to prison I wouldn’t last five minutes in there. It’s a selfish thought I know but my only option is to try and save this woman from this hit man. There’s a knock at the door.
‘Not now I’m busy’ I shout, the door knocks again, ‘I told you I’m busy come back later.’ In barges my boss. A big broad man called Captain Taylor a powerful man.
‘Sorry sir I didn’t realise it was you.’
‘That’s ok’ he says in his deep well-spoken voice. ‘I’m after an update on the Wilkins Case please?’
‘Yes sir, we currently don’t have much to go on at the moment, there is little if any evidence the crime scene investigators haven’t come up with any clues apart from a wallet that was found some eight hundred yards from the scene. I have investigated into this further and it appears the wallet was stolen on the day of the murder.’
‘Ok Lewis, so what have you done to investigate, who stole the wallet? It could be a significant lead to the murderer!’
‘Yes sir however, we have looked into this and have proven to be like looking for a needle in a haystack. One thing I do need to point out to you is that a fibre from Wilkins` sock was found in the wallet.’ 
‘So, why are you still here, that tells me whoever had that wallet was somehow involved in the murder?’
‘Sir, it appears that Mr Wilkins himself may have stolen the wallet, as looking through his criminal history apart from the rape and murder he has been involved in various petty crimes such as, shoplifting etc.. And a number of stolen wallets were found at his home address.’
‘Right, so what are your up and coming plans for this case?’
‘I’m working on them now will have something to you by the end of the week.’
‘Make sure you do, you need to stay focused! We can’t be seen slacking on our enquiries and need to make sure that we have covered all angles, understand?’
‘Yes sir.’
‘Good, now I’ll see you four o clock Friday for a further update.’ He turns and exits my office, I’m not going to have time to produce all this work by Friday and I need to save this woman whoever she is. 
I print off a photo of this woman and take it down to a colleague of mind to run this photo through a face recognition programme he has access to. He agrees and runs a scan. Unfortunately it comes up as unmatched so this leaves me at square one. 
I leave the building and make my way to my wife’s school. I need to find out who this woman is. I park up outside and walk through the main entrance, I pass a colleague of hers.
‘Hello Mr Lewis are you looking for Julie?’
‘Yes I am, is she around at all?’ 
‘She was here this morning, come with me.’ We walk through the corridor the smell reminds me of when I was in school brings back old memories. We approach the staff room and I wait outside. Julie appears.
‘What do you want?’
‘We need to talk, who is this woman you’re seeing?’
‘What?’ looking shocked, her face says it all ‘how do you know?’ 
‘Let’s just say I’m a detective.’
‘You see a prime example of how you bring your work into your personal life you can’t ever switch off?’
‘So who is she?’
‘A friend, keep your voice down can we do this another time?’ 
‘No it needs to be done now there’s no time!’
‘What do you mean there’s no time?’
‘It’s a long story, look who is she and where does she live?’
‘I’m not going to tell you that!’ her voice raising.
‘Look and listen to me she’s in danger and you need to tell me who she is and where she lives?’
‘Don’t give me that, I’m not going to let you trick me into telling you who she is.’ 
‘Look this isn’t some trick into finding out who she is, she’s in danger and I need to know who she is and where she is.’
‘Please leave Richard I have work to do!’
‘I can’t until you’ve told me’ 
‘Look’ getting up close to my face ‘I’m not going to tell you, you’re a pathetic little man who doesn’t know how to make me happy, you need to leave now and not ruin any more of my life I’m happy and I want a divorce.’ She turns and walks away.
‘Julie’ I shout and the staff room door slams behind her. Damn that’s it there’s not much else I can do, I’ve tried and now, I’ve lost my wife, she’s gone think I’m going to need to take some time off work. A tear rolls down my cheek and I can feel intense sadness wave through me as I remember all the good times we had together which will only stand now as a distant memory. 



***


Chapter 10

I look at my phone as its ringing and once again it’s an unknown number.
‘Yes Josh speaking.’
‘It’s Jimmy mate tomorrow is the day we’ll be carrying out the task, can you meet me at the barn at approx 1000 hours?’
‘Yes no problem I’ll be there.’
‘Good’ and to no surprise at all Jimmy cuts the line before I have a chance to say anything else. 
Feeling down and depressed due to my wife going missing and assuming it’s because she’s with another man, I sit on the couch in my dressing gown and stare at the day time programmes which completely bore me. I need to find a way to pick myself up so the only thing I can think of doing is going out and spending a bit of money, easy come easy go as they say. 
I get dressed into my business suit and make my way to a BMW car dealership which is within walking distance from my house. 
‘Morning sir, how are you today?’ says the gushy sales man trying to befriend me instantly to make a sale.
‘Very well thanks, I’m looking for a classy car, something with style and guts under the bonnet.’
‘Well you’re in the right place sir’ holding out his hand for a shake, I grip it firmly, ‘Malcolm’ he says.
‘Josh.’ 
‘We have our brand new Z4 over here if you’re interested in a fast sporty roadster?’ pointing at a flash two seated convertible. 
‘Nice but a bit girlie if you ask me, I want something manly?’
‘Ok, sir how about our 6 Series, it’s a 4.2 V8.’ 
‘Hmm show me?’ feeling intrigued. He walks me over to a stunning black 6 Series, with tinted windows with a manly muscle look to it. 
‘I like, can I take it for a drive?’
‘Not today I’m afraid, come and have a look inside’ he opens the door and I sit in on the soft red leather and hold onto the steering wheel.
‘There’s more buttons in here than an Apple shop, can you explain the reasons why I can’t take her for a drive today?’
‘We need to book you in and get the car ready for you sir.’ 
‘Not good enough I want to take her out today and I’m very interested in buying, so can you do whatever it is you need to do so I can drive her today… please’ exaggerating my authority as a valued customer.
‘Sir, I’m afraid it’s just not possible today.’
‘Well, Malcolm can you get me someone who can make it happen for me, otherwise I will take my custom somewhere else.’
‘Yes sir, please hold on for just two seconds.’ Walking away I look at myself in the rear view mirror and smile saying to myself.
‘Yep this is the car for me’ I take a look at the price tag, £50,000. I’m going to haggle this down slightly I never pay asking price for a car. A few minutes later Malcolm returns with a well-dressed man. 
‘Afternoon sir, my name is John how can I help you.’
‘Hi, Malcolm here doesn’t believe it’s possible for me to test drive this car today and I would really like to conduct a road test before I make my final decision.’ 
‘Yes sir I completely understand, if you were to buy the car how would you be paying?’ 
‘I’ll pay for it outright.’
‘Yes sir’ said John turning to Malcolm ‘Can you see that this gentleman tests drives this car today please.’ 
‘Yes of course John, Sir would you like to step out of the car and take a seat I’ll have the car ready for you in a moment. Can I get you a drink or anything?’
‘Coffee would be nice; now that wasn’t too hard was it?’
‘No sir, it’s not standard procedure however, my colleague here can make an exception for you.’
‘Much appreciated John. At least someone round here can pull some strings’ I said giving Malcolm a stare.
‘No problem sir, enjoy your ride once you’ve finished please come and see me and we can discuss further.’
‘Thanks John.’ I take a seat and a short while later a young pretty girl hands me my coffee with a smile. 
‘Thanks dear.’
‘You’re welcome sir’ still smiling and walks away, I can’t help but notice her cute lil bum as she walks and think to myself I wouldn’t mind if it was offered. 
About 20 minutes later no power Malcolm walks over to me.
‘Sir your car is ready if you would like to follow me.’ I follow him out into the car park and there she is purring at me, this beautiful piece of machinery waiting for me to drive her off so she can show me what she's capable of.  I sit in and unfortunately no power Malcolm sits next to me in the passenger seat. 
‘You might want to take it easy’ he said. I look over at him and say. ‘Malcolm shush.’
I pull off out of the car park and cruise down the road, the ride is smooth and the engine sounds mint. We eventually start to approach a dual carriage way and this is my chance to open the engine. I drop down a gear and put my foot flat to the floor. The power throws me and Malcolm back in our seats.
‘Sir can you slow down please’ I decide to ignore the jobs worth and continue to accelerate hard through the gears I reach sixth gear and doing about 130 mph this is amazing I feel a burst of adrenaline course through my body, I feel like a school kid again after his first kiss. I decide 140 mph is fast enough and ease off the gas and the torque of the engine slows the car down quickly. It’s the sound of the V8 engine that sells it for me, obviously the power and looks too. 
I look over at Malcolm and he looks white.
‘You ok?’ I ask not really caring for an answer.
‘Yes sir if you would now like to return to the garage please?’
‘No problem,’ I turn round at the next roundabout and when I approach the dual carriageway again I do exactly the same thing working my way through the gears the engine roaring.
‘Sir please slow down’ shouts Malcolm.
‘Ok, keep your hair on’ I slow down and make my way back to the showroom. Once parked up Malcolm can’t wait to get out of the car.
I walk into John’s office and sit down.
‘So sir, can I get you another drink?’
‘No no it’s ok let’s talk numbers, so what's the asking price for the car?’
‘It’s fifty thousand pounds sir’
‘Ok, does it come with a warranty?’ 
‘Three years sir’
‘Ok, good I’ll be honest with you I love the car but not enough to part with fifty thousand so I’m going to make you an offer of forty?’
‘Unfortunately sir I can’t go below fifty’
‘Ok, no problem.’ I get up out of my seat and hold out my hand and John shakes it. ‘Thanks for your time’ and start to walk out the door, even before I step through the door of his office I hear the words I knew were coming.
‘If we do forty eight she’s yours.’ I continue to walk and he then says ‘Sir you know how to drive a hard bargain, forty five and it’s a deal.’ I turn back to him and shake his hand.
‘Thank you, so much for not being able to go below fifty.’
‘Well business is business sir, please’ he says pointing to the seat. 
It takes about an hour and a half to complete all the paperwork and documentation but finally it’s all done and I get to drive away in the new 6 Series, well as I thought. 
‘When would you like to collect her sir?’ 
‘Well was hoping to drive her away today?’
‘Unfortunately sir, the model you drove was a show model yours won’t be delivered for another week.’
‘A week!’ I shout ‘I wanted to drive away today’
‘That really isn’t possible sir, let me call another branch to see if they have any in stock meeting your criteria?’
‘Ok, I patiently wait whilst he makes his call.’
‘Excellent news’ says John moments after hanging up the phone. ‘They have one at Snows in Surrey and can have it delivered overnight so you can collect tomorrow, how does that sound?’
‘Hmm better than a week thank you.’ We shake hands exchange all documentation etc and I leave feeling very pleased with myself indeed. This is the most expensive and nicest car I have ever bought and cannot wait to pick it up tomorrow.



***


Chapter 11

It’s 10am and I’m outside the barn waiting for Jimmy, it’s a hot day so I’m sitting on the bonnet of my lushest new BMW with a set of dark shades on smoking a cigarette. My mobile rings and to my surprise it’s Luc.
‘What do you want?’ in a solid stern voice.
‘We need to talk?’ 
‘Not interested and I’m busy!’
‘But we have lots to talk about Josh.’
‘You have lots to talk about, I don’t. To be honest I’m not interested in what you have to say, you left me in the Plaza remember?’
‘Yes I’m sorry about that it was a moment of madness please can we talk?’
‘Like I said Luc I’m not interested in what you have to say and as far as I’m concerned you’re a childish head fuck and I no longer what anything to do with you. You hurt me beyond repair and I know you’re involved with another man.’
‘Josh let’s just meet up and talk I know you’re hurting I’m so sorry.’
‘You see you don’t even deny that you’re with another man so what's the point just go and do whatever it is you’re doing and I’ll get over it.’ 
‘Please Josh let’s talk’ 
‘Fuck you!’ I shouted down the phone and hang up knowing I’ll probably regret that but at the same time I need to show her she can’t just walk out on me like that and get away with it. 
I hear tyres on the gravel leading up to the barn, it’s Jimmy in his Aston, trust him to show me up with my new car. 
‘Nice wheels fella’ he says as he’s getting out of his car.
‘Thanks picked her up this morning.’
‘Spending your easy cash already I see?’
‘Yep why not.’
‘Completely agree fella, right let’s get inside we have a few things to go through.’
We sit down at this large oak table with a cup of coffee each.
‘So’ Says Jimmy ‘We need to enter this woman’s house tonight around six, we’re not going to kill her at her place as it’s just too messy and we won’t have time to clean it up. We need to make it look as though she's left town.’
‘Ok and how do we do that?’
‘First of all we turn up in a Sky van posing as Sky engineers, when she lets us in well inject her  with a dose of the date rape drug which will send her to sleep but not straight away. She’ll be able to walk for a bit so we can walk her to the van and sit her in the middle seat and prop her up.’ 
‘Ok, sounds like you have all this figured out.’ 
‘I do, we’ll then drive her here and bury her body amongst the acres of land I have here.’ 
‘Just like that? That easy?’
‘Hmm no fella, we need to chop her body up into little pieces and pour sulphuric acid on it in the graves which will then dissolve the body parts. Within a month there will be nothing left of her. If all goes to plan this will be easy money my only concern is getting her into the van.’
‘Why’s that a concern?’
‘Because if someone sees then it could be an issue, we have to play it cool, calm and collective should be fine. I’ve used this method many times and if you were to dig up all my acres of land you wouldn’t find a trace of a body, it’s tried and tested by all the greats.’ Jimmy says with a big smile.
We hung around for some time whilst waiting to carry out the job, my mind didn’t really think about the person we were going to kill, all I could think about was the money I’d be getting I feel as though I’m changing as a person. I wasn’t too worried out Luc at the moment I knew deep down that we would make it no matter what obstacles our relationship comes across. 
Eventually Jimmy looks at me across the table.
‘It’s time’ he says. We make our way out to the garages and open one to reveal a Sky van.
‘How did you get this?’ I ask.
‘I have contacts in the right places now get changed into this’ pointing at a black bag which I can only assume is loaded with an engineer’s outfit. Which it was and strangely it all fits. 
We pull off in the van, Jimmy was driving and within an hour and a half we were outside the ladies` home. I feel dread creep across me, although I was more nervous about this going wrong than I was of actually taking a life. I’ve learnt how to block it out and look at the bodies as a pile of cash, which goes against everything my mother brought me up to believe in however, by this point I was hooked on the money and it would take me going to prison to stop now. 
‘The coast is clear’ whispered Jimmy handing me a pair of black rubber gloves, ‘best put these on.’ 
‘Thanks’ I reply as we exit the van and casually walk up towards the block of flats. Jimmy buzzed number 29 and a soft female voice answers.
‘Hello.’
‘It’s Sky we’re here to look at upgrading your system Miss’ says Jimmy.
‘Oh but I haven’t ordered any upgrades’ she replies.
‘Miss, this is a free customer valued promotion we are carrying out for all our valued customers.’ 
‘Ok then you better come up’ and buzzed us up. I think to myself anyone would have fallen for that, are us humans sucked in by freebies, anything free and we jump at it without a second thought? Unfortunately for this lady this will cost her, her life and I don’t even feel sorry for her.
We get to her front door number 29 and Jimmy knocks on the door softly. She opens it quite quickly and reveals a very pretty young woman must have only been in her mid to late twenties, she was only about 5’4” with long dark hair and big brown eyes. 
‘Hi miss can we come in and take a look at your system please’ says Jimmy.
‘Yes of course’ we enter the flat and make our way into the front room to find another woman sitting on the couch.
‘Who are you?’ she asks.
‘Hi madam, we’re from Sky to carry out an upgrade, my name is Tom and this is Gary.’ Said Jimmy.
‘My name’s Julie’ she says.
‘Do you have any ID on you?’
‘Yes madam we have them in the van.’ 
‘Well we’re going to need to see them please’ Jimmy looks at me as if to say we’re in trouble. He thinks quickly and lurches forward driving a knife into her stomach. She squeals out in pain and I charge at our target grab her and throw her onto the floor. Jimmy injects the drug into the side of her neck and within a few minutes she flops to the floor in a heap. 
Julie lays there blood pouring out of the wound on her stomach and coughing up blood, he slowly walks over to her and slits her throat, I saw the life drain out of her was the worst thing I’ve ever seen and couldn’t believe my eyes. More importantly we are now faced with two dead bodies and a mess which wasn’t exactly part of the plan.
‘What now?’ I said to Jimmy.
‘Give me a minute I need to think.’ 
‘We don’t have much time.’
‘Give me one fucking minute’ he shouted.
‘Right ok, whilst you think, I’m going to put this one’ pointing to the other woman ‘in the van I’ll be back up in a second.’ I pick her up, look out the window see that there’s no one around and quickly take her down two flights of stairs out into the car park and place her in the van, I’m thankful this area is hidden. 
I walk back up to the flat and see that Jimmy has wrapped Julie’s body up in a rug and has started to carry her through the front door. 
‘Follow me’ he said.
‘But what about the blood?’ 
‘I have a team on the way they will get rid of what they can, trust me.’ I agree and follow him open the back door to the van and he places Julie inside the back, we both climb in the van and sit there for about 30 seconds in silence. 
‘Right, we didn’t account for anyone else to be in, it wasn’t part of the plan what we need to do now, is continue with plan A but dispose of two bodies ok?’
‘Ok’ I agree not really having much choice.
We drive and head back towards the barn knowing we have about a good hour drive I decide to get my head down for a bit. 
I wake up sometime later to find we have stopped. I still have the women next to me and Jimmy is missing. I look around outside and see we are in the middle of nowhere. I jump out of the van and look around there’s no one in sight, I start to panic thinking I’ve been set up that bastard Jimmy has set me up. Then I see a car approaching in the distance I panic not sure what to do I have a half dead woman in the van and a dead body in the back. I’m all sweaty and look nervous, I pull out a packet of cigarettes and light a fag, lean against the van and take a long drag sucking in the smoke to relax me. As the car gets closer I can see it’s an old Escort Van, bright yellow and slows as it gets closer and closer towards me. Who the fuck is this? The van stops next to our van and to my surprise Jimmy jumps out.
‘We need to change over fella.’
‘You fucking dick I thought you stitched me up.’
‘Watch your fucking mouth fella, you were asleep and thought I’d leave you I was only gone for a matter of minutes, talk to me like that again and I’ll bury you with those bitches in there you fucking understand!’ 
‘Yeah sorry just panicked a little that’s all.’
‘Well help me move them to the back of this heap of shit I’ve picked up.’ We pulled them out one by one out of the Sky van and laid them both face down on the dirty floor of the escort van. Jimmy then pulls out a can of petrol from the back of the Sky van pours it all over the van and sets it alight. The thing went up in seconds, we jump the shitty yellow van and take off, leaving the fire to destroy the van and all the evidence of these woman in there. 
‘My god that was close’ I said.
‘You’re telling me fella, who did that woman say she was?’
‘Julie didn’t catch her surname.’
‘Damn this wasn’t meant to happen, she was meant to be alone tonight no one in there, now we got to get rid of two bodies more work for us.’ 
We continue driving for a while taking a lot longer than usual to get back to the barn. When we finally get there the sun has gone down and it’s dark in the country side. When we pull into the driveway of the barn I get a gut wrenching feeling.
‘Jimmy something’s wrong?’
‘What is it?’
‘I’m not sure I feel like we’re being watched.’
‘Don’t be soft you daft twat, stop getting all hocus pocus on me’
‘No seriously, I get these feelings from time to time and they’re never wrong, trust me on this.’
‘Well what do you want me to do?’
‘Stop the van don’t get any closer to the barn.’
‘But it’s about half a mile up the road?’ said Jimmy. I leap out and tell him to wait a second. I jump through the hedge into a field and run up the side until I approach the barn. All the lights are off but I can see something moving in the moon light. It’s a figure crouching down the side of the barn itself. I then spot another under my new car, my heart starts racing and feel that feeling we’ve been caught this is the police. I turn and run back to the van.
‘Jimmy mate, there’s people down at the barn looks like they are waiting for us.’
‘Ha-ha you daft twat, that my surveillance team keeping an eye on the place because we’re coming in with a body. They would have warned us if there was anything to worry about.’
‘Why didn’t you say that then and let me run all the way down there and back?’
‘Because I thought it would be funny, just so you know if they saw you they would have killed you.’
‘Thanks for that.’ I sit back in my seat feeling pissed off that Jimmy let me put myself at risk like that. 
We pull up at the barn and jump out, one of the men shows himself and I recognised him straight away. He was one of the guys who kicked my head in originally.
‘Who the fuck is this J?’ he asked.
‘Relax Moody he’s one of us now, where’s Tony?’ 
‘I’m here’ he said stepping out from the darkness. ‘Took your time didn’t you?’ 
‘Yeah well we had a bit of trouble.’ Said Jimmy handing them both a wad of cash each, who then seemed to leave pretty sharply after receiving money.
‘Where they off to so fast?’ I ask.
‘Hmm they don’t like to hang around where there’s dead bodies involved.’ Which made perfect sense to me.
‘Right come on we don’t have much time, we need to get these two out in the fields, you take the little one and I’ll take Julie ok?’ Said Jimmy.
‘Yes no problem’ 
‘In the garage there is a bottle of acid, don’t get it on yourself. There is also a meat cleaver in the kitchen sharp and ready, you know what you need that for right?’
‘Yes don’t remind me’ Jimmy disappears with Julie slumped over his shoulder and I carry the other one in the same way. I prop her up against the wall of the garage and go inside to collect the acid. It was easy to find, I step out pick up the body and make my way to the kitchen in the house collect the meat cleaver. Again I prop the body up against the wall of the house and go in to find the meat cleaver. This didn’t take too long and return to find the body missing, I panicked looked around and couldn’t see her anywhere, my only guess was the drug must have worn off and she's legged it. I suddenly hear a noise from behind my car sounded like someone walking on gravel, I slowly made my way round the car and she bolted from behind at me and struck me in the face with a rock knocking me flying. I must have passed out for a few seconds came too and took another blow in the face, I felt my nose break and the side of my face felt as though it was on fire. I tried to get up and took a kick to the ribs, I screamed out in pain as I already have a broken rib from that bastard Moody. She then ran off down the driveway into the darkness, I rose to my feet and tried to make chase but failed miserably. I lay on the gravel in the foetal position praying for the pain in my face and ribs to go away.
An hour went by and Jimmy came back, blood stained hands and a smug look on his face.
‘What the fuck! Where’s the girl?’
‘She's gone’ I cough in pain.
‘Gone? You fucking idiot, how did you let her go?’ 
‘I went into the house to grab the cleaver came out and she struck me in the face with a rock!’ 
‘Fella, you’ve fucked up we’re fucked we need to find her!’ He helps me up and into his car and speeds of down the drive after her.
‘How long you been out?’
‘About an hour!’ 
‘So, with the drug in her system she's probably only made it a few miles we’ll catch her.’ 
Jimmy’s foot must have been flat to the floor, the trees racing past as we fly down the lane, I take a glimpse at the speedo which is reading 130 mph. Knowing that if Jimmy loses control down these lanes then we are both dead. 
Eventually we approach a car must have been a few miles down parked up, Jimmy pulls up behind it jumps out of the car rips open the driver side door and pulls a figure from inside.
‘Josh some help would be a fine thing.’ I struggle out of the car meat cleaver in hand and stumble over to Jimmy to find he’s holding a guy down on the floor. Must have only been in his early twenties with not much meat on him and crying out loud.
‘Where’s the girl?’ Jimmy screamed in his face.
‘What girl?’ 
‘Don’t play soft with me, the girl I know you’ve seen her.’
‘I don’t know what you mean!’ Jimmy punched the guy in the face about five times in rapid succession it sounded like water bombs hitting windows. 
‘She’s run off in that field’ he cries pointing in the direction of a dark gloomy field. Jimmy jumps up and starts racing in that direction. 
‘Finish him off fella, I’ll get the girl.’ Without thinking standing over this guy I raise the cleaver in my hand and with as much force as possible I power it down into the guy’s chest, he twitches violently but is still alive. I pull it out of his chest with great difficulty and push it down into the front of his skull killing him instantly. Blood splatters up onto me, I look around to make sure no one has crept up on me and find nothing. 
Standing over this dead body, covered in someone else’s blood with a grin on my face and feeling pretty pleased with myself. I wonder how on earth my life had changed to this point, I felt pleased that I took this kid’s life with ease and was going to get paid well. I hoped that Jimmy had caught up with the girl and killed her otherwise we may be in a whole load of shit. I took it upon myself to lift dead guy back into his own car across the back seats and washed down the blood on the road with a bottle of water I found in the back. Sat there and waited praying that no one drove down here and found this mess. 
Half an hour later Jimmy returned with nothing, not looking too pleased he said.
‘I hope you’ve done what I asked’ took one look in the back of the car. ‘I see, you can actually do something right.’ He grabbed me by the scruff of the neck.
‘Do you realise all the years I’ve been doing this I’ve never ever had anyone escape from me like that, you fucking dick.’ 
‘Sorry Jimmy, did you get her?’ I ask.
‘She’s gone.’
‘Gone? Dead gone or escaped gone?’ feeling puzzled.
‘Just gone.’ He said giving me an evil disappointed look. I felt as though he was hiding something but didn’t ask any more questions.
‘Right fella I need you to drive his car back to the barn, we’ll get rid of the body and then dump the car like the others hopefully this mess can then be forgotten about. Also Josh, I’m taking five grand from you I can’t have you fucking up on me like that with no form of punishment.’ I felt angry but didn’t want to argue with him so dug deep and left it at that.  



***


Chapter 12

After staying in the Premier Inn for two nights I felt as though it was time to return home and try to sort things out with Julie. I dread the thought that her lover would now have been killed but part of me held onto the thought that the hit man took note of my plea and decided to leave her be. 
I pull out the card he gave me and called him up.
‘Hi it’s me Rich, what news?’
‘Fella, we’ve come into a spot of bother I’m afraid.’
‘What kind of bother?’ I ask frantically.
‘There were three tasks in the end. You still owe me as the job has been completed.’
‘Three tasks, what do you mean three tasks?’
‘Can’t talk on the phone, meet me at the McDonalds in Woolwich where the retail store outlets are in two hours understand?’
‘Tell me now’ I demand and he hangs up the phone. I feel sick inside, a feeling of dread casts a shadow over me, three tasks? What does he mean? Three kills, I ask myself. The only way to find out is to meet the guy. I make my way home to collect my stab vest and gun, you can never be too careful in these situations. 
I sit outside on a bench of the meeting point and wait for this Jimmy guy to turn up. Eventually he shows. He beeps his horn and I calmly walk over to the car and he winds down the driver side window.
‘You have my money?’ he demands so I hand him a brown envelope which he places on the passenger seat. 
‘You’re not going to check that?’ I ask. 
‘I trust it’s all there’ winking at me. 
‘So tell me about these three tasks.’ 
‘Three kills my friend, three kills’ he speeds off and I take note of his car registration in a desperate attempt. All I can think is that he may have killed Julie and I need to find out. I know she cheated on me, however I would have never wished this on her. 
I got back in my car and cried, I cried for my wife I wanted everything to be back to normal again and regretted ever getting involved with this criminal. I can’t turn back the clock but knew that this Jimmy would need to speak to me again as that brown envelope didn’t contain any money whatsoever and I knew I was in trouble. I decided it was now time to get out of here and make my way to the station to find out who the registered keeper of the vehicle was Jimmy was driving.  
Walking through the offices of the station colleagues kept asking if I was ok. Do I look as though I’ve really been through the mill I ask myself. I make a cuppa and sit at my desk waiting for my PC to load. It finally loads and I instantly check the DVLA database and find to my surprise the car belongs to a Mr Bennett. This name has now popped up twice and I desperately need to speak with him but need to be careful as I arranged for this killing to take place putting me in a very sticky situation. 
The situation is this, Mr Bennett’s wallet was found near a murder scene Sunday this week. I’ve organised the killing of my wife’s lover in a moment of thoughtless madness to find that the car the Hit man was driving belongs to Mr Bennett himself. This is either a major coincidence or Mr Bennett was involved with the killing of Mr Trevor Wilkins and was a professional hit. I need to make sure I keep myself out of the frame otherwise I’ll be joining this Jimmy guy and Mr Bennett behind bars for a very long time. My only real fear at this stage was my wife and whether she had been killed or not. Jimmy will need to give me answers if he ever wants to see his money. I also need to think up a reason to bring back Bennett for more questioning. As this won’t be possible, I need to pay Bennett an off the record visit and see what information I can get from him without him knowing what I know. 
It’s Saturday afternoon my day off work yet I’m standing at the door of Mr Bennett’s house knocking as loud as I can until he eventually answers. 
‘Mr Bennett, DCI Richard Lewis how are you today?’
‘No need to introduce yourself I know who you are, come in’
I follow him into his house and looks as though a bomb hit it. There’s rubbish everywhere, plates of food on the kitchen side, take away tubs and empty bottles of Vodka and beer. 
‘Taking time out I see’ I said.
‘Something like that, my wife’s done a runner on me not heard from her in ages and feeling slightly depressed, how are you?’
‘Never been better thanks’ which is a complete lie but wasn’t going to feed him the sob story of my wife having an affair and possibly being murdered.
‘Glad to hear someone’s ok, what gives me the pleasure of your company on this fine sunny afternoon?’
‘Have you bought a new car recently?’
‘Yes from the BMW garage itself all a paid for, why do you ask?’ avoiding his question I dive into my next question.
‘Did you pay for the car outright?’
‘Yes, not that it’s any of your business.’
‘Can you tell me how much it was?’
‘What is the relevance of these questions?’ looking slightly sheepish.
‘There’s just a few things I need to understand Mr Bennett, I’ll be out of your hair as soon as possible if you cooperate with me.’
‘Ok, ok, it was forty five grand.’ 
‘Can you tell me where you got the money from to pay for this?’
‘I saved it for years from working, can you just explain to me what this is all about so I can get back to my hangover.’ 
‘We are led to believe your car has been used in some illegal activity Mr Bennett, can you tell me when you purchased it please?’
‘I bought it in the middle of last week’ rubbing his hands together looking slightly nervous. 
‘Ok and can you tell me where you were yesterday and who with?’ 
‘I was out and about most of the day with a mate.’ 
‘What is your mate’s name?’ 
‘Jimmy.’
‘Just Jimmy?’
‘That’s all I know him as.’
‘How long have you known this Jimmy for?’
‘A few weeks, I met him in a bar had a few drinks got chatting and met up a few times.’
‘Ok, can you tell me where your car is now?’
‘I left it at Jimmy’s last night, as you can see I had a little too much to drink last night and got a taxi home so if you don’t mind I would like to get back to bed.’ 
‘Yes of course one last question and I’ll leave you be, where does Jimmy live?’ his eyes widened, a look of discomfort on his face, he knows he has to tell me to keep things looking innocent. 
‘I’m not sure of the address, it’s out in the middle of nowhere. I know how to get there but I couldn’t tell you the actual address.’
‘Ok, thank you’ I get up to leave and shake Mr Bennett’s hand. I quickly make my way out of the house and head back to my car. The door shuts hard behind me with a thud, no one likes my probing questions but he has given me a lot more information than he intended. 
I sit in my car and start up the engine, I have a brief moment thinking about Julie and how much of an amazing person she is, I started to miss her and wish that I could hold her and things would be back to normal again. Tears filled my eyes of the thought she was dead which was unbearable but at the moment I need to stay strong to find out exactly what has happened, time for grieving is later. 
I pull out my mobile and phone the control room to report a stolen BMW with a tracking device. I’m not meant to do this without prior authorisation however, for the time being I will need to bend the rules to keep myself out of the real sticky stuff. Making this call will activate the tracking device of the BMW and will shortly provide me with the location of where the car is. I switch on the on-board system in my car log onto the central system and find the GPS signal being received form Bennett’s car. This kit is pretty accurate these days and can locate a car within meters pretty impressive stuff. It shows the location of the car and I make my way there, it appears to me in the middle of nowhere as confirmed by Bennett himself. 
As I pull off and drive past Bennett’s house I can see he’s looking out the top window and is on the phone, I give him a little wave as I drive past, which to him will give him a little indicator I know a lot more that I’m letting on which will make him flap slightly and maybe he’ll slip up.
After just over an hour of driving I pull up at a dusty driveway and looking at the tracker the car is approximately three quarters of a mile away so I park my car up in a layby and decide to walk the rest of the way keeping myself to a hedge running alongside the driveway to keep my presence to a minimum. 
Eventually after a gruelling walk in this heat I start to reach a barn type building with a large cottage type house just on the side of it. As I approach I can see a figure moving around just outside the house so take the more scenic route instead. I creep into a nearby field leading up to the house and crouch behind a hedge. I can see Mr Bennett’s nice shiny BMW the same one Jimmy was driving yesterday and he was talking and laughing with a young woman. She was a pretty dark hair woman with stunning features, I know her from somewhere but couldn’t think where from. They both walk into the house together so this was my chance to take a closer look.
I creep through the hedge and make my way along the side of the barn towards the house. I finally reach what looked like a kitchen door and took a breather because my calf muscles were killing me from all the crouching. The door was slightly a jar but I couldn’t hear any movement coming from inside so I rise up slightly to look inside. The coast looks clear creeping my way into the well decorated kitchen which definitely has a woman’s touch on it. Looking around I notice there are two doors to the kitchen. I go for the right as it looks as though it leads into a dining area according to the décor inside. As I enter I can hear noises from upstairs which gave me a little relief. I walk into the dining room which also looks as though it has a woman’s touch on it. I creep around whilst listening to the noises from upstairs. Feeling brave I decide to make my way up there, moving from the dining room into the hall way I can see the stair case. 
Feeling terribly nervous of getting caught I tread very carefully trying to not make any noise as now I was getting closer and closer to the room where Jimmy and his lady friend are. The door is open and at this point it was completely clear they are having sex and would be oblivious to any noise. I swiftly move into another room which is obvious to me some sort of study or office, I gently close the door so it’s slightly ajar and wait.
It must have been about twenty minutes or so when they finally finished and I listen to their conversation.
‘You are amazing’ she said.
‘Not too bad yourself babe.’
‘I can’t wait until all this is over and we can be together properly’
‘Me either’ said Jimmy. 
‘So tell me when you’ll be carrying out the final deed?’
‘Next week’ He replies, ‘Will you miss him?’
‘No not at all, do I get to keep his new car?’ 
‘Anything you want, isn’t that BMW a bit big for you?’
‘Ha ha no anything Josh can handle I can candle right?’
‘Fair comment, I’m going to take a shower see you down stairs we’ll head back to my house then?’
‘I might join you in there’ she giggles and I hear the door to what I can assume to be the bathroom shut followed by further giggling. Taking this as my opportunity to head for the hills, I swiftly head out the office, down the stairs, out the front door and back into the field not really caring if anyone sees me. I eventually get back to my car breathless and sweating jump in turn it round and head off with my foot pretty much flat to the floor. 
As I’m starting to calm, I think logically and recall the things I’ve heard. The girl Jimmy was with must be Josh’s wife and they are plotting to get rid of him next week. This wasn’t the reason I actually turned up at the house but this information could turn out to be extremely powerful indeed. Still keeping my foot flat to the floor I head back to the station to make further enquiries. 



***


Chapter 13

I’m finally getting over my hangover when my mobile rings and once again it’s an unknown number. Automatically knowing who it is I answer.
‘Jimmy’
‘Evening Josh, can we meet tomorrow, I need to talk some things through with you?’
‘Yes, no problem when and where?’
‘McDonalds Woolwich, midday?’ 
‘Hmm ok seems to be your favourite meeting point?’
‘It’s easy to get to for us both.’
‘Since when have you cared what's easy for me?’
‘Well I don’t but it’s just ideal.’
‘So what do you need to talk about?’
‘Just work related, may have another job which I’ll run by you tomorrow.’ 
‘Ok see you then.’ This time I hang up before he has a chance to hang up on me and the power felt phenomenal. 
Feeling lonely and bored I decide to call up my wife who answers after the fourth ring.
‘Hi’ she says.
‘Can I see you?’
‘I don’t think that’s a good idea do you?’
‘I need to know what's happening with us?’
‘There’s nothing to know.’
‘Darling, look we can sort this and get through it’ I said.
‘To be honest Josh, I think we’re past it, we had a good time together but I just don’t feel the same about you anymore.’
‘So who is he?’
‘Hmm Josh don’t do this now!’
‘Just give me a name and I’ll stop asking!’
‘No one you know.’
‘Ok, so how long?’
‘A few months, I’m sorry.’
‘Do you love him?’ Already knowing the answer to the question.
‘I think so, Josh I really am sorry for all this I’m not the person you think I am.’
‘What's that meant to mean?’
‘I’m selfish and I’ve not treated you good I’ve always put myself before you and to be honest I stopped loving you a long time ago!’ That last one really hurt it felt like a knife digging into my gut.
‘You’re a fucking whore aren’t you, you fucking bitch I’ll get you for this, I’m not the person you think either and I’m a lot more dangerous than you think!’ raising my voice, ‘Are you with the fucking guy now?’
‘Look Josh you don’t have to talk to me like that I know you’re hurting but verbal insults like that won’t get you anywhere.’
‘Fuck you, are you with him?’ I demanded noticing she dodged the question.
‘Look Josh please don’t talk to me like that.’
‘I’ll take that as a yes then tell him he’s a fucking dead man, I know people!’
‘Look you really should learn to keep a lid on things he can hear you!’
‘I don’t really give a shit do I sound like I give a shit? Tell him he’s a dead man walking!!’ I hang up and throw my phone across the room with no regret with what I was saying. 
I decide enough is enough and I’m going to go out and have a good time. I get dressed in my old pulling suit and head to the West End via a taxi because I can afford it and tonight is going to be one big spending spree. 
I asked the taxi driver to take me to the best club in the city and he pulls up outside. I hand him the eighty pound fee plus a twenty quid tip which he was extremely grateful for. 
‘Listen mate, take this and tell the doorman you’re a mate of Bill’s he’ll let you straight in ok.’ 
‘Ok will do thanks.’ I take a clear pouch of white powder from his hand and place it in my pocket. He toots his horn as I’m getting out and signals one of the door men I’m on my way in. The door man nods in return points at me and says.
‘You mate, this way.’ Opening the red rope gate bypassing the three hundred meter queue. 
I end up in VIP had nice blue neon lights my own booth and table service, this night was looking good. I take a seat and relax, almost instantly a waitress walks up to me, big breasts almost on display, wavy red hair, big false eye lashes and the most flirtatious smile on her face it looked completely fake but I didn’t care.
‘What do you fancy sir?’ in a smooth soft voice.
‘I’ll take a bottle of champagne please and two glasses?’
‘No problem, I’ll be right back.’ Winks and struts away to the bar. I cast and eye round the VIP area of the club and can’t, but notice a blonde girl looking over at me. I wonder if she's looking at me and is waiting for an invitation or have I got it wrong. She keeps staring so I decide to go for a smile to see what I get back in return with a display of beautiful white teeth so I raise my hand and call her over. Walking up the steps towards me I check her out. Long silver tube dress with stunning long legs, happy bouncing breasts and long blonde hair. I feel a sense of excitement as she steps into my booth and introduces herself.
‘Jamie and you are?’ holding out her hand.
‘Josh, very pleased to me you! Take a seat.’ She parks right next to me and places her hand on my knee. I feel that she's coming on very strong considering we’ve literally just met but thought fuck it I’m just going to go with it. 
The waitress returns with the champagne and glasses.
‘For you sir and madam.’ Still giving the flirtatious smile.
‘Thank you’ handing her my credit card. ‘Open a tab please.’ 
‘Of course sir’ smiling as she turns and walks away. 
‘So tell me about yourself Josh.’ As I pour her a glass of bubbly. 
‘Well I’m in a line of business I prefer not to talk about, I’m 32 and live in London.’ Keeping a little  excitement about me.
‘Business bores me anyway, I want to know more about you.’ Rubbing my knee and starting to get me a little excited. 
‘So, Jamie tell me about you, what's your story.’ 
‘Well I can’t reveal my age as a woman never reveals her age and the business I’m in I can’t tell you that either. I’ll leave you to work that one out.’ Kissing me on the cheek, which suddenly dawned on me that she's a hooker which is not my scene at all. 
‘I get it, I think I know what's going on here and I’m really not into that.’
‘Hmm think you may have got me wrong.’
‘I don’t think so, you’re a beautiful sexy woman this doesn’t happen to me unless there’s something in it for you, am I right?’ 
‘You’re right, but I can make it worth your while and make all your dreams come true.’
‘No thanks, I’m ok.’ She leans into my ear and whispers.
‘You’re a cheap pathetic loner and that’s why I approached you.’ I turn and whisper back.
‘You’re a dirty whore now fuck off.’ She downs the remains in her glass and walks off in a huff. I actually feel pleased with myself for taking control of that situation, I’m now oozing charisma and confidence. 
The waitress reproaches me with another bottle of champagne.
‘Here you go sir a top up, your lady friend gone?’ 
‘She was no lady, thank you for the drink.’
‘Really what was she then?’
‘A hooker.’
‘Oh I see, I’ll have her removed from the club sir we have a strict policy here.’
‘Thank you but there’s no need.’ Before I have a chance to say anything else she was radioing security to have her removed and before I had a chance to say anything else I could see her being escorted off the premises. This made me feel this club had class and doesn’t mess about. 
‘Is there anything else that I can do for you sir?’
‘Ha ha your number maybe?’ She looked at me with shock and then giggled, leaned forward and whispered to me.
‘I finish at two maybe we could head to another bar?’ 
‘Sounds good to me.’ She smiled and walked away, my guess was that she's not meant to engage with customers like that whilst working. I just sat back and relaxed enjoying the drinks and music, a few people came up to me for a chat guys and girls nothing in it just general friendly chit chat and felt really good. Coming into a night club alone wasn’t so bad as long as you had a big wallet and sat in VIP you’re pretty much guaranteed some action and fun if you’re up for it.
Two o’clock came round pretty fast and whilst settling my three hundred and fifty pound tab the waitress told me to meet her out the front in five minutes and did exactly that. I stepped outside and lit a fag, took in a few deep drags and filled my lungs with the dreadful toxins which will kill me one day and felt more relaxed than ever. Moments later the bar maid joined me grabbing my hand from behind and walking me down the road.
‘So what's your name?’ I asked.
‘Taylor, you?’
‘Josh, Taylor’s a nice name I like that, where we heading Taylor?’
‘There’s an all-night bar not too far from here we can go and have some fun.’ She said smiling and made our way to the bar laughing and chatting and getting to know each other. 
Taylor seemed to know the security on the door very well giving them a hug and a peck on the cheek. They let us straight in and we went straight to VIP. This place felt a little bit tacky compared to the last but I wasn’t complaining due to the company I was in. We both sat down ordered more champagne and before I knew it Taylor was all over me. Kissing me telling me how sexy I was touching me, laughing and joking around. I forgot how great single life was. We groped and touched each other and she whispered to me all the sexual things she’ll be doing to me back at her place. It all sounded amazing and I was going to take full advantage of this situation and of course Taylor. I started to feel pissed and could hear that I was slurring my words, so I nipped to the toilets went into a cubicle and took a few likes on the cocaine the taxi driver gave me. I almost instantly felt on top of the world confident, attractive and sober even though I was far from it. 
I step back out into the area we were sitting to see Taylor sitting there just staring at me and willing me over. The sexual tension between us was intense and I just knew where this night was going. 
‘I can’t take this any longer I want you now, I need to get you back to my place before I pop.’ She said to me. 
‘I’m game’ smiling, she stood up grabbed my hand and pulled me up with her and walked me outside and straight into a taxi. 
To my absolute surprise we end up in Canary Wharf , I paid the taxi driver and she took me up to the thirty second floor. Walking into her apartment was like something from MTV cribs it had everything. The lounge alone was bigger than the floor space of my house, she showed me around and the view of London was magnificent. It was a clear night and the whole city was lit up like a Christmas tree, we had a view of the City Airport and could also see the London eye it was breath-taking. Taylor pulled me out onto the balcony which amazed me further, with a small gardened area and in the centre was a hot tub. She went back into the apartment and walked out with another bottle of champagne, I felt as though I could stay here forever. 
Giggling she ran towards the hot tub whilst stripping off her clothes and jumped in, I got a tiny glimpse of her as she jumped in and from what I saw tonight was going to get even better. I strip off naked run and jump into the hot tub, we were instantly all over each other, her boobs were fake but I didn’t care and played with them non-stop taking in every moment making sure I savoured every single moment.
After a while playing with each other and enjoying each other to my shock horror and a tall dark man walks up to the hot tub.
‘What’s this?’ he asks in a deep voice.
‘He-he’ says Taylor turning to me she says, ‘this is my man.’ I jump up slightly scared thinking I’m going to be getting the beating of my life when he turns and says.
‘Mind if I join in?’ 
‘Not really, I was just leaving’ I said.
‘Don’t leave on my account, we party here all the time like this, I’m Ant.’
‘Josh’ trying to cover my bits and shaking his hand. 
‘So, can I join in or would you rather me leave you two alone?’
‘Think it might be best if we’re left alone Ant’ says Taylor.
‘Ok, shame he’s cute.’ Winking at me and walking back into what I can only assume is his luxury apartment.
‘Maybe I should go.’ Feeling slightly turned off.
‘You got no chance big boy.’ Pulling me towards her kissing and touching me. I make a quick calculation in my head, her boyfriend is cool with it, she's hot with massive boobs why not and we go at it for hours cannot get enough of each other, even the sun is starting to rise. 
We make our way back inside and she takes me into one of the many bedrooms.
‘You can stay in here tonight if you wish?’ looking around the room is amazing fully kitted out with the biggest TV I’ve ever seen in my life a king size bed with covers that looked like big fluffy clouds and an en suite, it was perfect. 
‘Don’t mind if I do, I may take a shower.’ 
‘Help yourself to anything. I’ll be back in a sec just going to have a quick word with Ant.’ I make my way into the en suite and find a huge walk in shower, this guy must be minted I wonder what the deal is with these two seems the strangest of arrangements. I take my time in the shower, the water was boiling hot and powerful I don’t think I’ve ever felt this clean in my life. I jump out and make my way back into the massive bedroom to find Taylor already tucked up in bed.
‘What about Ant?’ I ask.
‘He’s cool, he likes you jump in I’m naked’ with a pretty smile and wink.
‘So what is the deal with you two?’ I ask.
‘Well we’ve been together for years now and he swings both ways if you get me, in order to satisfy both our sexual needs we agreed that we are allowed to be with other people as long as it’s here and we are open and honest about it and let each other join in if needed and accepted. I knew you wouldn’t be comfortable with Ant joining in so he went off and did his own thing.’
‘I think I understand, so is this his place?’
‘Yeah, he runs his own top company worth millions self-made too, a very intelligent man.’
‘Do you love him?’
‘You can’t really ask me that, well to be honest I can’t answer that I don’t know, but what we have is good and suits us both.’ She said smiling at me. We carried on chatting and chatting and think I only got a couple hours sleep. 
I come to, to find I’m alone, I lean over the massive bed and take a look at the time, its 1000 hours. I sigh with relief thinking I may have over slept. I get out of bed and make my way to the kitchen. 
‘Good morning I trust you slept well?’ Said Ant in a deep voice and dressed in what must be the most expensive suit I have ever seen.
‘Very well thanks.’
‘Coffee?’
‘I’d love one.’
‘How do you like it?’
Black with one sugar please?’
‘Coming right up.’ Moments later Ant passes me a fresh bean coffee the smell of it was delicious and it tasted even better. 
‘I don’t mean to be rude but I have a very important meeting, no rest for the wicked and hope to see you again soon Josh.’ Shaking my hand firmly and walking off.
I took a seat on a stool at a breakfast bar and just thought back to the events of last night. The girls, the drink, the drugs and ended up here in this amazing apartment with a view of London and had the most amazing sex with a very sexy women. Life felt good but reality all came rushing back when I remembered I have to meet Jimmy and Jimmy was bad news. I earned good money from him but I have committed dreadful murders and witnessed things I’ve only ever seen in thriller movies. I now know that I have no way out I’m now committed to this for good and will one day eventually get caught. 
‘Morning handsome’ said a soft voice I recognised. ‘Sleep ok?’
‘Like a log.’
‘Good man, you were magnificent last night a true gentleman at heart and physically all man, I like you and so does Ant.’ 
‘Aww that’s very nice of you to say so, last night for me was the best night of my life it really was and I would love to see you again.’ I said with a cheeky smile, she looked at me with disappointment and shook her head. ‘We have to be careful if we do meet again and this becomes a regular thing. Basically what I’m saying is this has to stay physical and kept as a friendship, we can’t start developing feelings for each other. I know that sounds strong but I’ve seen it many times guys come here we have a great time and they get feelings and things are then ruined.’
‘Yeah that’s fine I understand, to be honest I’m past all that relationship stuff.’ Not actually meaning a word of it knowing that this woman will have me eating out of the palm of her hand within weeks.
‘That’s good I don’t want things to get tricky and will carry on as long as things are simple and easy, come here give me a squeeze.’ I jogged over to her and wrapped my arms around her feeling her massive breasts against me. 
‘I’m going to have to make a move shortly got to meet someone in a bit.’ 
‘Ok Josh no problem, look take my number it would be really nice to see you again. Maybe we could go out next week? I have Wednesday off?’
‘Sounds good to me, I’ll give you a call in a couple of days.’
We hugged again and I eventually found my way out jumped into a taxi and made my way home. I needed to shower and change before meeting up with Jimmy and I keep getting this gut feeling something doesn’t feel right. I always trust my gut something’s wrong I know it. 



***


Chapter 14

Meeting Jimmy now felt like a chore, it was like I had no choice to be there when he calls, I have to turn up. He now has control over my life and is starting to make me feel uncomfortable. On top of feeling like that I’m also burning the candle at both ends and if I’m not too careful I’m going to burn myself out for good and something will give eventually. 
Once again I turn up at the rendezvous point McDonalds in Woolwich and without fail Jimmy is there. This time he’s on foot and walking up to me smiling. 
‘Let’s walk fella’ I agree and we begin to walk and talk. ‘Got a new one coming in if you’re interested?’
‘Well I don’t know what it is yet?’
‘What do you mean?’ he said slightly agitated, Jimmy doesn’t like to be challenged and when he is he resorts to the only thing he knows, aggression and violence.
‘Well, you ask if I’m interested in a job before I know what it entails, I don’t want to commit this time until I have the details, if you get me?’
‘Hmm, ok let’s put it this way? Do you want another fifty grand in your pocket?’
‘Not until I get payment for the last job, where’s that money?’
‘Fella, listen to me I’m having trouble from the client on that one he’ll pay up don’t you worry and if he doesn’t then you know what will happen.’ 
‘Still, whether you have the money form the client or not you should still pay me as I technically work for you, right?’
‘Ok I do agree but the process is this and it’s not up for negotiation. I pay you when the client pays me and it doesn’t matter if they take a month or two to pay up that’s how I roll, that’s it?’
‘Well I won’t do any more work with you until I get paid for the last job.’ Raising my voice and trying to come across assertive.
‘Right well that puts you in a difficult situation.’ He was glaring at me trying to intimidate me.
‘How?’
‘Well fella you now work for me, you now have blood on your hands and there are only two ways out of this firm. Option a: death or option b: prison. That’s it, if you don’t agree to carry out a job then it’s option A if you decide you’re going to ignore me and try to leave the country then it’s option B. What I’m saying is your arse is now mine, I’m your boss whether you like it or not. You could try to have me killed although many have tried and failed and watching you work I don’t think I will have any problems with you in that department.’ Laughing in my face. ‘Understand?’
‘Crystal clear Jimmy.’ Knowing that I’ve now pushed him far enough and there was no backing down, I didn’t fancy the prison option and I certainly didn’t fancy the death option so I will have to roll with it and just enjoy the money as I actually have no choice. 
‘Good, well you interested in this job?’
‘Jimmy I’m not being funny but why ask if I’m interested if I have no choice?’
‘I’m just being polite.’
‘Ok but from now on can you just tell me we have a job to do it’s going to pay x amount and go with it?’
‘I don’t really like being told what to do but on this occasion I’ll let it go just know you never get to tell me what to do understand?’
‘Perfectly, so this job what does it entail?’ I asked not getting into an argument with him.
‘This one is a job where we need to get someone to talk, once he’s talked we finish him. The client the boss wants some information about a big business deal and needs to know a few things?’
‘What things?’
‘The boss will be working with us on this one and asking the questions, our job is to turn up with the mark put him through his paces until he talks, kill him and get rid of the body.’ 
‘Fifty grand you say?’
‘Yes and the boss pays on delivery too so you’ll have the money straight away. The last job we did was for someone who I don’t know but have more information on him than he thinks so he won’t be able to hide from me.’ 
‘Ok, great when do we carry out this job?’
‘Tomorrow night fella. I will pick you up from yours at nineteen hundred hours ok?’
‘Fine, do I need to bring anything?’ 
‘Nope I’ll have all the kit, take a rest today it will be a long night and you look as though you could do with some beauty sleep.’ 
‘Had a late night last night so will do. See you tomorrow night then.’ I turn and walk away before he says anything else. 
Flopping onto my couch with a cup of tea felt amazing, I can’t remember the last time I felt this tired and knowing we have a long day tomorrow I’m going to try to get some shut eye. But! Unfortunately there’s a bang on my door, I ignore it hoping it will go away and then there’s another loud knock.
‘Josh, I know you’re in I just seen you, we need to talk please it’s DCI Richard Lewis.’ I sink into the couch and ignore him but this bastard is persistent and isn’t going away. 
‘Yes what can I do for you’ I say as I open the door.
‘Mr Bennett, you look like shit! No offence!’ 
‘None taken you want to come in?’
‘If you don’t mind?’ He said as he steps through the door frame.
‘Looks like I don’t have much choice.’ Rich just looked at me.
‘I would offer you a cuppa but to be honest I’m so tired and I really can’t be bothered.’
‘No problem, your last one tasted like shit.’ He said laughing which I showed no emotion to his pathetic attempt of a joke. My guess he’s here because he wants something otherwise he would have been bombarding me with questions by now. 
‘Josh do you know where you wife is?’ Maybe I was wrong.
‘Nope and at the moment I’m not too bothered, why?’
‘Because she's been spotted.’ 
‘Ok so you’ve seen my wife and…?’
‘Josh just so you know this visit and conversation is completely off the recorded ok and I shouldn’t really be here.’
‘Well in that case maybe you should leave.’ I stand up and point to the door.
‘Look Mr Bennett I need your word you won’t discuss what I’m about to tell you with anyone it’s serious.’
‘Ok I’m intrigued and you have my full attention.’
‘We’ve been following your movements over the past week and your associate Jimmy.’ I think my heart actually missed a beat. 
‘Ok, go on.’
‘I traced your car to a barn yesterday using the tracking device which is the manufacturer’s specification in an attempt to track down this Jimmy character as we’re led to believe he’s been involved in a considerable amount of serious criminal activity. Once locating your car he was seen with your wife Lucinda and it was a lot more than friendly if you know what I’m saying?’ I don’t think it sunk in straight away Jimmy and my wife it didn’t make any sense.
‘How I don’t understand?’
‘Your wife and Jimmy are having an affair and there is a hit on your head Josh, I’m sorry to break this to you but I can help you.’
‘Ok, I’m confused my mate Jimmy and my wife? I’ve only known him for a few weeks and never introduced Luc to him.’
‘It appears Lucinda and Jimmy have known each other for a considerable amount of time, I’m really sorry.’
‘So how the fuck do you think you can help me? And what criminal activity has Jimmy been involved in?’
‘I need you to contact me after every time you speak with him and tell me the exact content of each and every conversation, I can bug your phone if you need me to?’ 
‘You didn’t answer my question, what crimes has he committed?’
‘I can’t tell you that Mr Bennett.’
‘Look, if you want to come round here unofficially and talk to me off the record, first of all call me Josh for fuck sake and secondly you need to tell me everything or I’ll deal with things myself.’
‘Look ok, just sleep on it, I don’t need you to give me an answer straight away. But if you do this it will save your life and I know about things that you have been up to, if we can get this on Jimmy he’ll be out of your hair and your wife’s for a very long time?’
‘Right I’ll sleep on it, can you leave I really need to think things through and get some rest!’ feeling pissed off, agitated and confused my only option for the remainder of the day is going to be my friend Vodka. 
Once Rich left I went into the freezer and pulled out my last bottle of ice cold Vodka and swigged a big mouthful from the bottle making me cough and gag slightly. The thoughts of Jimmy and Luc smashed the side of my head like a pile up on the M25. I was devastated to think they have both been playing me like this and everything going on was a plot to either have me killed or sent down. I also have to ask myself how much do I trust Rich is he genuine? Coming round here unofficially, giving me life wrecking information, what's in it for him I wonder? 
After quarter of a bottle of neat Vodka I came to the conclusion I need to look after number one and no one else, not Luc, Jimmy or that fucking detective. I need to treat things as though everyone is against me and play them off with each other. Rich said he knows things I’ve been up to if that is the case then he doesn't have anything tangible otherwise I wouldn’t be sitting here right now resorting to the only painkiller I know. 
Ok time to get head strong, knock the drinking on the head until this has passed and concentrate on getting through this. I need to make sure I don’t do anything else that would put me in the frame for murder, I need to keep the detective on side as my freedom depends on it and I also need to keep Jimmy on side because the alternative option isn’t even worth thinking about. As for Luc she can go to hell, if she has been fooling around with Jimmy and they are plotting my death then she isn’t even worth worrying about at all and I need to promise myself to grieve for our relationship once this shit is done until then I can’t show any emotion. 
I get rid of the Vodka and any other alcohol I have in my house make my way upstairs and rid all of Luc’s stuff once done I feel refreshed, in the morning I’m going to get up and go for a run as health and fitness is the way forward, I might even join a gym depending on how I feel after my run. 



***


Chapter 15

Running was a lot harder than first thought, I have my music blasting in my ears, my stinking old trainers on and I’m wearing an old t-shirt which I think I bought when I was about twenty one. 
Puffing and panting I regretted smoking my lungs burnt, I have a strong headache guessing it’s from alcohol. I gave myself a limit of about three miles but think I've only managed one, I need to get moving and push myself as I don’t know what tonight will bring thinking that one run will make all the difference it won’t I’m doing this for me to motivate myself and give me a sense of vitality. 
I get back to my street and decide it’s time to walk and cool down, the feeling was intense I felt amazing after the run I wish I had started this a long time ago. As I stop and catch my breath a young woman walks past, I recognise her almost instantly! She's the girl who hit my face with a rock and ran, she's the girl I was going to kill. My heart skips a beat and as she walks past she keeps her head down looking at the pavement. Close up there’s no mistake it’s her and she's alive, Jimmy didn’t kill her she got away. I look back at her and as I do she looks back at me then suddenly turns away and runs. Shit she knows who I am. I feel a surge of adrenaline hit my veins and I know the shit will hit the fan. Part of me is tempted to chase her down and talk to her but the other part of me resists. What's the point, she knows it’s me my face has bruises that she’d done.
I had in mind a healthy breakfast of eggs and wholemeal toast but I’m not feeling hungry. I have a sick feeling in my stomach turning over and over and those moments then I wish my life was back to normal. I wish I resisted the money and thought further ahead. Regret is a horrible thing I can change it and hate this feeling, I've lost my wife who I thought loved me, I’m now a malicious murderer, I've lost my job I worked so hard to get and now I have the possibility that there’s a hit on my head and I could end up dead at any moment or end up in prison. 
Feeling sorry for myself I fight the temptation to nip to the shop and drown myself in a bottle but I have to stay focused I can’t be drunk when I turn up for tonight's shenanigans it could almost be suicide. With nothing else left to do for the day, I lie back on the sofa and think. I think about everything from the woman I just saw down to the cocaine I sniffed the other night and how my life has completely changed.
The evening came round pretty fast probably because I didn’t want it to come and was not looking forward to tonight's job at all, I never did put myself down to a guy who could actually torture someone. The doorbell rings I open the door and to no surprise at all it’s Jimmy.
‘Feel like we’re joined at the hip mate’ I said.
‘Fella, you ready?’ Ignoring my comment completely and going straight into business. 
I follow through the door and into a black transit van, the inside of it stunk I don’t know where he finds these cars. 
‘Jimmy, I've got to be honest with you, I’m not too keen on you turning up at my door with this van.’
‘Hmm why?’
‘Correct me if I’m wrong but this is stolen right?’
‘Right!’
‘And we’ll be transporting this guy for tonight's events in the back?’
‘True, what's your point?’ Obviously not in the best of moods.
‘Well, if anyone sees me getting into the van and the police are on to me then they will be putting two and two together, won’t they?’ I give him a glare whilst he’s not looking and imagine myself sticking a dagger right into his temple.
‘You worry too much, it’s all about blending in and being casual.’ 
‘Ok, I’ll try to remember that. So what have you been up to? How’s your love life?’ 
‘Good.’ 
‘Just good, seeing anyone at the moment?’ He turns his head and looks at me with a suspicious eye.
‘Why are you interested?’ 
‘Just making conversation.’
‘Well if it’s all the same I like to keep parts of my life private, don’t ask me that again!’ sounding very demanding and pretty much confirming what DCI Rich told me.
‘So where we heading?’
‘Look you’re starting to annoy me with all your questions, you been on your own all day or something?’ 
‘Yeah you can say that, now my wife has left me not got much to do.’ Testing his reaction which was a small grin he tried to disguise with a cough. Made me want to kill him there and then, I took a deep breath and fell silent for the remainder of the journey in this horrible fucking van.
We turn up outside a block of flats not too far from Blue Water shopping centre. The area looks rough and felt a little uncomfortable getting out of the van.
‘Where are we? I ask.
‘Somewhere we don’t want to stay too long, follow me and don’t make eye contact with anyone.’ 
We make our way across the road and buzz on a very old intercom system which looks like it doesn’t even work. A rough croaky voice sounded from the intercom.
‘Yes.’
‘It’s me J buzz me up?’ a loud buzzing sound came from the door and you could hear the latch unlock. We push into the building through the door and enter a lift again looks as though it doesn’t even work and absolutely stunk of piss made me gag a few times and I had to cover my mouth. Jimmy looks at me.
‘Man up you fucking wimp it’s only piss and shit this place is full is scagheads.’
‘Hmm, scagheads?’ I ask.
‘Dirty fucking druggies mate who would rob you for a rich tea biscuit if they thought it would get them their next fix.’
‘Nice and who is it we’re going to see now?’
‘A scaghead fella, she's filth and will try anything to try to get some money from you so be on guard.’
‘Ok can’t wait, so why are we actually here?’
‘She sells tools.’
‘Tools?’
‘Yes fucking tools, weapons, guns knives what is it with you today.’ I could see he was getting extremely agitated with me and I secretly enjoy it.
The lift finally stops and is probably the slowest lift I've ever been in and is in major need of a service. We walk along a corridor and can see used nappies, cans, bottles and just general crap laying around, I even caught a glimpse of a used tampon. The thing that disturbed me the most was the needles I could see and again felt myself nearly gagging at the sight of it, just think nappies and needles aren’t exactly a good combination.
We turn up at a green door it looked so rotten I could probably put my fist through it if I wanted to. Jimmy knocks hard and the whole thing shakes and bits of debris drop from it. The door opens and reveals a skinny wrinkled woman who would be between the ages of 25 and 45 very hard to tell. She was wearing grey tracksuit bottoms with stains all over them some that looked like spots of blood and a black strappy top showing her shoulder bones and chest bone, in short term she looked vile. 
‘Hello J’ she said ‘come in, you come too’ pointing her bony finger at me.
‘It’s ok, I’ll wait here.’ I said and Jimmy glared at me as if to say don’t upset her.
‘No you must’ she said.
Walking in I felt dirty the place stunk of stale chip fat, cigarettes and cat’s piss. It was dark and gloomy and the air felt thick and moist.
‘Take a seat lads.’ She said struggling for breath. As I sat down the chairs were damp I really didn’t want to be in here for long. 
‘So do you have the goods?’ Jimmy asked the woman.
‘Yes, I’ll go get them.’ And walked out of the room and Jimmy instantly turned to me and whispered.
‘Right, just don’t say anything unless she speaks to you. I’ll explain why after ok don’t be rude to her and keep smiling trust me you really don’t want to upset this one.’ Jimmy actually seemed scared of this woman, his words made me feel on edge. 
‘Right, it’s all in here.’ She says handing Jimmy a black hold all.
‘Thank you.’ 
‘Would you guys like a drink?’ She asked, I looked around and felt as though my body wouldn’t survive if I put anything in my mouth that came from this shit hole.
‘No thank you I’m ok.’ I said quietly.
‘I’m fine too thank you.’ Said Jimmy. 
‘Ok suit yourselves, right J it’s payment time.’
‘Of course.’ Jimmy hands her a brown envelope.
‘I don’t need to count this after last time, do I?’ She said slightly angry.
‘No no not at all, it’s all there you have my word.’ 
‘Good, now you both can leave.’ We both stood up and she went to shake my hand which I pretended not to notice she put her hand out. 
Getting into the sticking vile hallway was an absolute blessing felt like fresh air. We didn’t say anything to each other until we got into the van.
‘Fuck I hate that bitch!’ said Jimmy.
‘Why?’ 
‘What you didn’t see was there was a guy sitting in the corner with a shotgun.’
‘No I didn’t see him and I’m really glad I didn’t would have probably shit in my pants.’ 
‘Seriously, if you were rude or said one thing slightly out of line you wouldn’t be talking now.’ 
‘Oh god ok, dangerous place to be then, so what did she mean by what happened last time?’
‘Ok I don’t normally tell people this but, I handed her some cash once upon a time about six grand in total which I drew out straight from the bank. I handed her the money thinking that the banks are efficient these days but unfortunately for me and both my little toes they got it wrong by ten pounds.’
‘Ten pound short of six grand and she cut off your toes?’ Slightly shocked by this story.
‘Yes, you have to be very careful with this woman she's deadly and just for the record it wasn’t actually her who cut off my toes it was two guys working for her.’ He added which I assumed to keep at least some dignity.
‘Ok, well this is an adventure.’ I said.
‘Fella whatever the fuck it is up your arse spit it out, you are doing my head in with your sarcasm today and your million questions, right you need to fucking concentrate.’ I knew I was getting to him but he is right at that moment we needed to concentrate on what we’ve got to do.
‘Ok sorry mate, wants the plan from now?’
‘Well the guy we need works for a large oil company and lives in Kingswood not far off the M25 in a nice big house, we literally got to go in kidnap this guy and take him to the barn where we’ll meet the boss.’ Sarcastic comments surged through my brain but I held back and decide to give him a grunt instead just in case I said something I’d regret. 
An hour or so passed and we finally turned off the M25 and onto a small dual carriageway. 
‘Nearly there mate we need to park up and get changed I’ll pull in here.’ He said turning into a petrol station.
‘Right put these on in the back’ he gave me a black hoodie and a balaclava. He then proceeded to do the same and we looked like thugs you see on Crime Watch.
‘You daft idiot, take the balaclava off now we’re lit up in here put it on when you see me put mine on ok!’ Silly really two guys in a black van late at night in balaclavas doesn’t give the best impression. 
We drove through a couple of dark lane country roads and pull up outside a large gated house. 
‘This is it, I’ll park a bit further down and we’ll go in all guns blazing and get this fucker.’ Said Jimmy.
He parked up a little down the road and as we walked towards the house I saw Jimmy pull on his balaclava so I did the same. My heart rate was right up and I felt all sweaty these things spook me out and once again I get a feeling of dread. We come to a tall brick wall and manage to climb over it. When we landed on the other side Jimmy handed me a sawn off shot gun from the holdall and then threw the holdall back over the wall. We ran across a large well-kept lawn and we ended up standing either side of a set of patio doors as directed by Jimmy. 
Without any pre-warning Jimmy opened fire on the glazing to the patio doors which shattered into millions of pieces. The sound of the gun was so loud it made me jump and felt bits of glass hitting me. He ran inside and started to shout out loud, I followed him in scared as hell.
‘Get on the fucking floor!!!’ Shouted Jimmy to a man face down on the floor.
‘Who else is in the house? Jimmy screamed.
‘No one please don’t hurt me.’ The man pleaded, looking at him he was in his late forties well dressed and obviously had a lot of money. 
‘Shut the fuck up!’ Jimmy shouted in his face ‘and come with us.’ He pulled him to his feet and dragged him to the front gates of the house.
‘Open them’ shouted Jimmy. 
‘I can’t I don’t have the remote on me.’ Said the man struggling for breath.
‘Fuck!! Where is it?’ 
‘On the kitchen table, I think’ said the man.
‘You, go and get it and hurry up!’ Jimmy demanded pointing at me ‘and if you fucking move I’ll blow your brains out’ again shouting at the man. I ran back to the patio doors where we left and started searching through the house for the kitchen. The house was huge and difficult to navigate round. I finally found the kitchen to be confronted with a woman in a dressing gown holding a kitchen knife. I stopped and stared at her.
‘Please don’t hurt my husband?’ She pleaded.
‘We won’t’ I calmly said, ‘and I won’t hurt you just give me the thing to open the front gates and we’ll be gone.’ 
She pointed to a white remote control looking thing with a button on it. It looked like what I was looking for so I grabbed it and heading back for the door leaving the hysterical woman in the kitchen. I don’t think I've ever felt so bad in the whole of my life and really wanted to help her but I couldn’t. 
As I was approaching the gates I saw Jimmy had given this guy a few kicks already, his face was bloodied and he was whimpering. I clicked the button and the gates opened with a creaking noise. Jimmy once again kicked the guy, pulled him up and dragged him to the van, opened the back doors and threw him in. Jimmy then climbed in after him held him down and tied him up whilst keeping the barrel of the shot gun to the back of his head. Jimmy put his foot flat to the floor and we were gone.
Seeing the exit of the M25 for the barn was a relief, I felt all tense and there was silence in the van for the whole journey. Even the guy beaten and tied up wasn’t making any noise. Part of me thought that Jimmy may have accidentally killed him already.  We drove down the track and parked up next to the barn and again Jimmy’s two little helpers came out of the darkness and Jimmy handed them some cash and off they went. I didn’t even make eye contact with them or acknowledge their existence. 
Jimmy opened the back doors to the van and pulled the man out dragging him into the barn where I assumed the torture would take place. As I followed in the lights came on and there was the boss well-dressed looking very smart.
‘Looks like you got sucked in then.’ The boss said to me.
‘What?’ 
‘Yeah you won’t last long they never do, he’ll get rid of you soon enough my friend.’ 
‘I don’t understand.’ 
‘Enjoying the life are you?’ He said again all smug. I just agreed with him and didn’t want to get into a debate with this guy he wouldn’t think twice about putting a bullet in my head and considering we are at what I like to call the body disposal unit I knew it would be easy to get rid of me. 
‘Give me a hand’ said Jimmy. Helping him hang this guy from one of the beams by his hands. It was awful and I hated every second I was in doing it. This guy looked innocent and very vulnerable hanging like that and was probably the worst experience of his life.
The boss then walks up to the guy and says.
‘You are Mr Samuel aren’t you? Mark Samuel?’
‘Yes’ He quietly said with a stutter and a look on his face like he knew his days were numbered. 
‘Good’ said the boss, ‘need you to be honest with me ok and these guys will go easy on you understand?’ The guy just nodded.
‘I need some names from you, big names and you know what I’m talking about don’t you?’ 
‘No I don’t I promise please let me go?’ Pleaded Mark. Then out of nowhere a sledge hammer drives straight in his left knee with Jimmy looking very happy. Mark screamed out in pain and was gasping for breath with the shock.
‘Please I don’t know anything, please I promise please let me go’ Mark kept crying out. 
‘Josh come here?’ Said Jimmy handing me a hacksaw. 
‘Take off a foot’ he demanded. I didn’t know what to do I felt sorry for this guy and I’m standing here with the most ruthless individuals I've ever seen and Jimmy is asking me to do something I wouldn’t even feel comfortable doing to a rat. 
‘What's taking you so long?’ I glanced my eyes over to the boss and knew he was getting agitated I had to do this otherwise I’d be next I have no choice. I took Mark’s foot and cut into his ankle pressing down as hard as I could. He screamed in pain I felt low and so sorry but carried on cutting he continued to scream and finally said.
‘Ok ok stop stop I’ll tell you please stop!’ The boss raised his hand and said.
‘Enough, now speak!’ I immediately stopped sawing, blood sprayed out of the wound I created and I knew he wasn’t going to last long a few minutes at the most. I hoped that he would die soon so these two pricks wouldn’t get the information out of him.
‘Charlie Wang and Michael Coombs’ he said weakly.
‘Any more?’ Asked the boss ‘if I find out you’re lying to me I will hunt down your wife too.’
‘Just these two that’s it I promise, please can you let me go, I want to go home.’ He was pleading for his life, I knew he was going to die it was part of the plan. 
Jimmy walked up to him looked him in the eyes and said.
‘I’m going to kill your wife next.’ And then slit his throat. The sound was horrific, I could hear the blood spray and the sound of him choking. I felt sick he didn’t have to say that, he gave out the information and was dying for no reason at all only for the boss’s gain and ours. 
‘Why did you say that to him?’ I asked Jimmy.
‘Shut it you fucking little weasel, you want to join him?’ 
‘No.’ I knew it would be best not to say anything.
‘Then keep your fucking mouth shut and help me bury this guy.’ 
We dragged the body across one of the many fields to an already dug grave. We threw him in and Jimmy pulled out a four litre container and poured acid all over the body and stared at it for a moment with a deep in thought gaze.
‘I wonder how I’ll die.’ He said.
‘Who cares, once you’re gone you’re gone’ I could hear the acid working its way through the body and Jimmy started to fill in the grave, the sound of the mud landing on the body made me feel sick.
‘You going to help me then or just fucking stand there?’ I just nodded and helped pile mud over this poor guy. 
We got back into the house and the boss was standing there looking smug and happy. 
‘Job well done boys, let’s have some champagne to celebrate’ he said.
‘Not for me thanks I would like to get off if it’s all the same?’ I said.
‘Well you can at least have one glass with us before you go!’ The boss demanded in a way that I couldn’t say no, he had an evil glint in his eyes.
‘Don’t mind if I do’ said Jimmy almost downing the entire glass in one. 
‘Here’s your payment Jimmy.’ Said the boss and looked at me with a grin. Jimmy took the pile of fifty pound notes and counted the labelled values. 
‘Here’s your cut Josh’ he said handing me fifty grand. ‘Remember what I told you about paying it into your bank account as well ok.’ 
‘I nodded.’ I didn’t even say thank you, he still owes me from the work I did the other night where we ended up killing that Julie woman and the other got away. I was tempted to say something about seeing that girl walking past me and recognising me but thought it would be best not to considering the company we were in. 
‘Right guys I’m off’ I said and made my way to my new car which has been standing here for a few days now but still looked amazing.
It felt good to sit behind the wheel of this car it was obvious someone else had been driving it. The seat was far too forward and there were fag butts in the ash tray, I have never smoked in here and the thought of someone else driving it angered me. I have this sudden urge to floor it but didn’t want to bring any unwanted attention to myself considering what work has just been carried out. I stuck on the radio and just listened to music and drove making my way home. 
It felt good the fact I had another fifty grand to my name however couldn’t get Mark out of my head and how he died. I felt terrible but there was nothing I could do, I felt like I was being selfish and responsible for his death. I thought about his wife back at his house in the kitchen where her heart was broken and no doubt she would have called the police instantly. Jimmy always seems so certain that he always has all his tracks covered but I’m not convinced. I don’t think he’s as clever as he makes out and I bet he’s left a trail of mistakes and evidence for this. 
I finally get home and put on the TV, turn the channel to Sky News and to my shock horror I see the details of Mark as headline news. They know he was taken away in a black van which is still at the barn. They had details on what I said word for word to Mark’s wife, what I was wearing and am still wearing, even the colour of my eyes. There is news on the man we burnt in the stolen Vectra and a missing persons investigation on a woman called Julie Lewis who to my shock has turned out she is the wife of DCI Richard Lewis. 
You see these things on the news all the time and feel deeply sorry for the victims and their families but looking back at the news and knowing you are responsible for them all is a killer to your conscience. I can’t believe I have stooped this low in my life where I have taken lives for my own financial gain and to be honest it’s not all that it’s cracked up to be. I might have lots of money but the guilt and loneliness of it all just isn’t worth it. 



***


Chapter 16

Seeing my wife on the news was like a steak knife through the heart. Her lover has come forward but hasn’t yet been identified to the public and has made a statement which leads everything back to the barn where I saw Jimmy with Josh’s wife and Josh’s BMW parked. 
Due to the nature of the investigation I’m not allowed to get involved at all. But the fact that there is a possibility my wife has been murdered I feel I have no option to take matters into my own hands as before. 
I know the crime squad investigation team are now on their way to that barn and I find it too difficult to hold back and go straight to Josh’s house. This task isn’t going to be easy as I will be talking to him with regards to the original case where he burnt the body of Trevor Wilkins to gain access to Josh and will work on him to get him to confess up on the details regarding my wife, I’m a clever boy and will get this information from him I’m not playing Mr nice guy any more.
I knock on his door hard, Josh answers looking in a right state cuts and bruises to his face he’s unshaven and had a body odour smell to him.
‘What is it now?’ He said.
‘Josh, I need to talk to you it’s important you need to let me in!’ I didn’t hold back this time and was going to be bad cop with him.
‘I need fucking answers from you now Josh, tell me your relationship with Jimmy!’
‘He’s just a mate!’ 
‘Bull shit he’s a mate I know you do work for him.’
‘What? No I don’t, how dare you come round here stating that! What work?’ I could tell by his reaction that I caught him off guard.
‘Where’s my wife Josh?’ 
‘I don’t know what you mean’ I could tell he was getting nervous.
‘She's at that barn isn’t she?’
‘What barn?’ 
‘Don’t play soft with me tell me! Is she at the fucking barn?’
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about!’ I started to get angry with him and decided it’s now time to scare the shit out of him and show him I’m not fucking around anymore with pointless police processes. I pulled out my gun and pressed it hard against his sweaty forehead.
‘Josh give me answers now, if you don’t I will kill you?’ I said looking him straight in the eyes.
‘Don’t make me laugh you’re a copper you won’t kill me!’
‘Are you prepared to gamble your life with that, my wife is dead and you have the answers.’ I cock the pistol and press it hard against his head as hard as I could.
‘Ok, yes she is there but I didn’t kill her, I’m sorry.’ 
‘Good some fucking honesty at last.’ I struck him in the temple with the butt of the gun with some force, creating a cut on the side of his head.
‘What the fuck are you doing?’ He said holding the wound.
‘I’m going to take you down you and your fucking friend Jimmy and that bitch of a wife of yours.’ 
‘Fuck you!’ He said and spat in my face. I grabbed his arms cuffed him and arrested him on suspicion of murder. To be honest I've arrested a lot of people in my time this guy was weak and pathetic.
In the car on our way back to the station, we didn’t talk at all he knows that his freedom has come to an end. I stopped at a red light sat there and waited, looked in my rear view mirror and something was wrong, there was a black van behind me so close I could see the colour of the driver’s eyes, they were green they were Jimmy’s. 
He jumped out the van with what looked like a sawn off shot gun pointed in at my driver’s window and shouted.
‘Let him go!’
‘Don’t be stupid Jimmy’ I said through the glass and picked up my mobile. 
‘You have two fucking seconds!’
I felt strangely calm, looked him in the eye and raised my mobile to my ear to raise the alarm. Before I even had a chance to speak Jimmy smashed the window with the butt of the gun and then the side of my head, I fell straight into a daze and could feel the blood trickle down from the side of my head onto my shoulder I then see nothing but white.
I must have passed out for a few minutes, as I came to I could see a crowd of people gathered round my car with jimmy and Josh gone. 
I got straight onto the phone because I need uniformed police here ASAP to try to find out where these two have gone. Within minutes they arrive and start to take statements from the witnesses, a call comes in through one of the officers` radio’s and informs that the black van containing the two suspects has been spotted on the M4 heading west. A chopper has been sent out and I decided to jump into my car and head to the barn to see what I could find there. 
On arrival the place is swamped with uniformed police and forensics. Blood had been found on the floor of the barn and has been sent off for DNA testing. I look across one of the fields and see a white examination tent. I immediately assume the worst straight away and run as fast as I could over there to see who they have found. 
I get stopped by a uniformed officer when trying to enter the tent but managed to blag my way in. To my relief and with upmost respect the body was identified as top business man Mark Samuel, his throat was slit, he had broken knees and his left ankle was half severed. The body was also very badly burnt by some sort of acid it was so bad that on some parts I could see parts of his bone. The smell and the sight made me feel sick. I left the tent and looked around. I approached a friend of mine heading up this investigation DCI Max Brown.
‘What do you have so far?’ I asked Max.
‘Sorry Rich I’m under strict orders to ask you to leave if you turn up here, I’m sorry mate but you know the reasons behind this.’ 
‘OK I get it but Max please tell me is there any sign of Julie?’
Max leant forward and put his hand on my shoulder, ‘I know this is hard for you and you know that if I had anything on Julie you would be the first to know I promise.’ Max has been a friend since we were in uniform and worked our way up the food chain almost simultaneously and he’s the only guy on this planet I trust one hundred per cent. 
Max is a very likable character he’s tall, stocky and a bit of a ladies man. The only thing that I think lets him down in my opinion is his hair, blonde highlights. I've taken the piss out of him for years because of it and think the only reason he still has the highlights is to wind me up. 
On that note I didn’t want to make Max’s job any more difficult than it already was so I made a move back to the station and waited on the information with Josh and Jimmy.



***


Chapter 17

We are racing down the M4 towards Swindon in an attempt to break free from the police, Jimmy managed to lose them from the barn and is going to attempt it again. The problem we’re having is we are still in this old black transit van which seems to not go above ninety miles per hour. 
‘What's your plan then?’ I asked Jimmy.
‘I don’t have a plan, all I’m going to try to do is lose these fuckers, the problem we have is the chopper above and have no chances in losing it.’ Spit flew out of his mouth as he talks with anger.
‘I know about you and Luc.’ He looked startled and stared at me taking his eyes off the road.
‘Well you weren’t meant to find out like this.’ 
‘Ok thanks so how was I meant to find out?’ Being sarcastic which I knew annoyed him.
‘Honestly I was going to kill you, I really was but the tables have seemed to have done a big turn on me and you for that matter!’
‘How convenient for you?’ 
‘Look this isn’t the time or the place we need to shake these fuckers off mate, all I will say is Lucinda wasn’t the person she made out at all.’ Giving me a pitiful look.
‘I don’t understand and don’t really give a flying fuck?’ 
‘Ok, tell me this. What did she tell you she did for a living?’
‘She is a school teacher!’
‘Wrong answer fella, you see she's not who you think she is.’ Jimmy paused and came off the M4 at junction 13 and headed up the A34 towards the M3.
‘I’m going to re-join the M3 at the end and head back towards London I think there may be a road coming off there which will take us down a more scenic route and will have more of a chance to lose them.’ He said. 
‘Right ok, but my wife?’ Now all I cared about was getting more details on who Luc really was and what she's been up to all this time.
‘No time at the moment I will tell you everything but I really need to concentrate if we have any chance of getting out of this shit ok!’ I didn’t really care about the situation but kept quiet for the time being.
‘Right, I have a better plan I've seen it on those police programmes before. It will be risky but might work.’ He said looking around. ‘If the police feel the chase is too dangerous then they may call off the pursuit.’ I didn’t like the sound of this but whatever happens I’m fucked either way and can’t see us getting away with this.
‘Hold on!’ Jimmy shouted as he took a turning off the A34 drove over the flyover and started to drive the wrong way down the motorway. 
My arse cheeks were tight, there were lorries coming at us, cars flashing at us and only the chopper above. The police cars didn’t follow on this side of the road as it’s pure suicide I knew I was going to die. 
I take a look back behind to see if I could see the chopper ahead of us and to my surprise it has turned and facing in the opposite direction to us. I think Jimmy’s pulled this one off I take a deep sigh of relief. 
Jimmy decides to take to the hard shoulder as there is less traffic on here. Suddenly out of nowhere we are approaching a car fast on the hard shoulder they must have broken down. There’s a lorry in the inside lane we have nowhere to go, I can see death now staring me in the face and oh my god it hurts.
‘Hold on’ shouted Jimmy. I closed my eyes, turned my head away from the windscreen and made my fists as tight as I could to brace myself for the impact. 
I jerk forward in my seat, I feel my organs move inside my body, I can feel my brain hit the front of my skull and then I’m flung back in my seat and everything is reversed. The pain is intense my whole body is in agony. I feel my collar bone crack under the force of the impact with the seat belt, it then goes quiet. I sit there still taking deep breaths and really struggling at that too. I can’t open my eyes they hurt so much and my stomach is in agony I can’t move. I have a sense of panic build up inside me and I force open one eye very slightly and can only see smoke. 
The car we hit is engulfed in flames and I can feel the heat like it’s inside me. I slowly turn my head to look at Jimmy and his side of the van is crushed, the dashboard has crushed him so much I can only see an arm hanging out and the top of his head. There’s no sign of any movement, my legs are trapped from the floor of the van folding around my right foot. I can see blood all over my jeans but have no idea where I’m bleeding from. I start to struggle to breath and the world around me begins to fade, I can’t hear any noise at all it’s all gone quiet the pain goes and I feel comfort, my sight goes white, then it all goes black.
When I come to I’m lying in hospital, I have an oxygen mask over my face and a drip line in my left arm. I open my eyes and see a nurse standing over me taking my blood pressure and can hear the beep sound from my heart rate monitor and I couldn’t tell you if it’s good or bad. 
At the door of the room I can see a police officer and everything suddenly hits me full force. I’m now a captured man and there’s no way I’m running out on this one. 
The police officer sees I have come to and turns to the nurse.
‘Excuse me madam, would it be ok to ask Mr Bennett a few questions.’
‘No he’s not ready for questioning he’s just come to and won’t be ready for a couple of days.’
‘Ok sorry to trouble you, I’m going to go and get a cup of coffee and make a call, make sure he doesn’t go anywhere.’ The nurse gave him a look of despair, I might be a murderer and she would probably love to see me behind bars but fair play she's doing her job first very professionally. 
After a few hours I start to feel very slightly more awake.
‘Nurse, sorry do you mind sitting me up slightly please?’ 
‘Yes of course just tell me if it hurts at all.’ The pain hits me like an axe in the head, but I ignored it as I wanted to get a better look at what's going on around me.
‘Thanks nurse can you tell me what's wrong with me?’
‘The doctor will be round shortly and will be able to give you that information, how are you feeling?’
‘Very sore and very tired, where am I?’
‘You’re in Southampton General, can I get you anything?’
‘My mouth is dry a glass of water would be nice.’
‘Sorry the doctor isn’t allowing you to have anything at the moment.’ 
‘Ok thanks.’ 
I lay there and try to remember everything that had happened. The last thing I remember is travelling the wrong way down a motorway but couldn’t say which one. Then I remembered Jimmy, I remembered him being crushed by the dashboard of the van, he must be dead there was no way he would have got out of that. 
‘Nurse the guy I was with in the van, how is he?’
‘I’m not sure, I will see if I can find out for you.’ And she left the room.
Looking around it seems as though this room is well catered for. There’s a TV on the wall, a window where I can see trees outside and a police officer standing outside my door. I then see Luc talking to the police officer and she comes in.
‘Josh dear how are you?’
‘Can you leave please?’ I said.
‘Josh we need to talk.’ 
‘Yes we do, I know everything.’ She looked at me with a shocked look on her face.
‘What is it you think you know?’ 
‘I know about you and Jimmy and how you were plotting to kill me!’ Tears started to roll down my face but as I was in pure agony there was nothing I could do to try to hide them.
‘It wasn’t like that, I was doing my job!’ She said kissing my forehead.
‘Your job, you’re a fucking teacher!’ I shouted and the police officer outside my room looked in through the window, Luc gave him a wave as to say everything is ok.
‘I’m an undercover police officer dear, I've been working undercover for some time now before we even got together and I had to do what I had to do.’ 
‘Did you fuck him?’ I asked.
‘Shush dear it’s ok.’
‘Don’t you tell me to shush I asked you a question and I want an answer, did you fuck him?’ 
‘It was part of the job, I had to pose as his girlfriend in order to get closer to the guy Jimmy was working for but I’m sorry to say, you got yourself in very deep and there’s not much me or anyone can do to save your skin I’m afraid.’ 
‘I don’t care anymore, I feel completely betrayed by you, and did you ever love me?’ I burst into tears couldn’t believe what I was hearing all these years I've been lied to, explains the late nights, staying over friends’ houses etc. No wonder I was always paranoid. They always say when a man gets a gut feeling nine times out of ten it’s right and that man won’t ever let it go and I really couldn’t. 
‘Yes I still love you always have and always will.’
‘This changes us you know that right?’
‘I understand I wanted to tell you so many times who I was but I couldn’t it would have put both our lives at risk.’
‘Look at me now you could have prevented this happening to me!’ I shouted.
‘I’m afraid that’s where you’re wrong you did this to yourself through utter greed for money you didn’t have to take on those jobs but you did.’
‘You can leave now!’ I told her.
‘We still need to talk, Jimmy is dead he died on impact and just so you know he purposely hit his side of the van to save your life he wasn’t all bad.’
‘I think you’ll find he knew his time was up and didn’t want prison and has left me to deal with his shit, that man was an evil bastard and he deserved to die and to be honest for the things I have done I deserve to die or rot in prison.’ Again I started to cry.
‘You know you’re going to be charged for four different accounts of murder don’t you?’
‘I don’t really give a shit anymore I really don’t’
‘Goodbye Josh.’ She kissed my forehead and left. 
Whilst in hospital I had to endure rigorous questions after questions for days on end so eventually I openly admitted to everything even the murder of Julie Lewis even though I didn’t kill her. I have just given up on everything and had to accept that I will be spending the rest of my life behind bars. 



***


Chapter 18

It’s taken me weeks to leave the house after finding out that I arranged the death of my own wife indirectly. It’s been a very traumatic experience and found myself sat there for days on end staring at a picture of her. I never wanted her to die and I never actually wanted her lover Christine Moore dead either. 
During the trials Christine approached me to talk about Julie and what was required for her funeral. Christine was a lovely girl and I can see why Julie would have been attracted to her and by the sounds of things they loved each other every much. It was easier to accept the affair knowing that Julie had fallen for another woman as it wasn’t such a blow to my male ego and the fact I couldn’t give Julie what she wanted. Looking back I wish all this was discussed openly then all the hurt and sorrow could have been avoided and obviously the death of my wife. 
Over the weeks Christine and I become close as friends naturally and knew that this would have made Julie happy. She described to me in detail what happened on that fateful night Julie was butchered by Josh and thankfully but selfish nothing was traced back to me.
The problem I now have is I want revenge on Josh Bennett and I can’t let it drop. He’s a man I would like to see dead and now it’s my mission to try to do what I can to have him killed. 
After a long thought process and grieving I decided that I would kill him. The problem I’m faced with is that he’s now behind bars and the only way I could get remotely close to a now named high profile serial killer was to either work in the prison he’s at or become a prisoner myself. Due to the reasons why he’s behind bars I think it would be impossible to get a job working there but knowing the system and how it all works if I was to commit a crime I would almost definitely be imprisoned in the same confinement as Josh Barnett and we would eventually cross paths and I can then take it upon myself to carry out my final deed. 
I am now one hundred per cent certain I want to do this and once complete I will then do what I need to do to end the pain completely. 
I arranged to meet with Christine as I need to talk things through with her on what my plans are and to get someone else’s point of view. 
Her home is well decorated the couch is comfy fortunately she moved after the incident as her old home was where Julie died and she could no longer live there. 
Sat on her couch with a nice cup of tea I turn to Chris and say.
‘I need to seek revenge on Josh.’
‘I don’t understand Rich.’
‘What I tell you now needs to stay between us both and I beg you not to breathe a word of this to anyone no matter what happens.’ I spoke stern with her to try to elaborate on my authority.
‘Right ok?’ she replied looking puzzled.
‘I meant it on Julie’s grave Chris I wouldn’t ask you to do this if it wasn’t so important but I need someone I can trust and you are the only person.’
‘I give you my word Rich now what is it?’ 
‘I’m going to commit armed robbery!’ I told her and her jaw dropped.
‘What!’ She shouted ‘don’t be so ridiculous Rich I've never heard something so stupid in my life.’
‘Chris, listen to me I've lost my wife without Julie I’m nothing and the guilt eats at me every day.’ 
‘Rich this isn’t the answer you can start a new life for yourself. I agree with you that the only punishment for Josh is death however, I don’t think it’s up to you to do this.’ 
‘Chris’ I said to her holding her cheeks in the palm of my hands. ‘I need your support on this my mind is made up and I will do it no matter what please give me your blessing?’ At that point I burst into tears and she held me and gave me comfort. All of a sudden the words I’ve been waiting for came out of her mouth.
‘Rich ok! You do what you need to do. I will support you even though I don’t agree with ruining your life for this man for you I will and I think Julie would want me to stand by you.’ 
‘Really?’ Shocked at her comment.
‘She still loved you Rich she used to talk about you all the time with me and how bad she felt betraying you but wanted happiness for herself with me. I’m not saying this to get at you but I did make her happy in ways you couldn’t but at the same time she still wanted you as well.’ She then gave me a big squeeze and whispered in my ear. ‘Rich you go and do whatever you need to do to ease your pain and I will always be here for you no matter what. I promise you on Julie’s grave.’ She squeezed me as tight as she could and we spent a moment or two sobbing together. 
It felt nice to have someone like Chris to talk to she was so affectionate and caring and she is now the only positive thing I have in my life. We said our goodbyes and planned to meet up in a couple of days for a catch up on things. I left her flat made my way to my car and sat there behind the wheel. I looked at myself in the rear view mirror and shouted at myself.
‘It’s fucking time and Josh Bennett you will pay for this.’ My face went bright red and spit flew from my mouth as I shouted, I felt a feeling of tranquillity like I was on the right route for revenge. I started the engine, put on my favourite Nirvana song Smells Like Teen Spirit as loud as I could and head home singing as loud as I could.



***


Chapter 19

Breathing in fresh air only for an hour in every twenty three hours wasn’t my idea of fun but I had to make the most of what I had now. 
As a convicted serial killer with a life sentence I wasn’t very much liked by anyone and the only way I could even sense an ounce of freedom was when I got to see the sun or a cloud or feel a drop of rain during this time. 
Being on twenty four hour watch wasn’t great either. Every time I wanted to take a shit someone was there watching me, every time I wanted to give myself a little hand pleasure there was someone there and it really was humiliating. Suppose in the whole scheme of things a small price to pay for the family lives I ruined and all of my own financial gain. Do I regret what I did? Fucking definitely! Luc visits me once in a while but these are now becoming shorter and shorter as time goes on. It’s now been two months since I've been in prison and already she's found herself a new man and got herself pregnant. 
I’m past caring at this stage and know her new man gets funny about her seeing me and I can’t say I blame him to be honest. 
Walking around the yard isn’t that fun, yeah I get to see the sky but at the same time I have to watch my back one hundred percent of the time. 
There was this occasion during my first week I was in here when all of us prisoners were in the yard. I was minding my own business when out of nowhere I was approached my two massive black guys.
‘Lick my boot man!’ said one of them.
‘Fuck you nigga!’ I said keeping upright with my shoulders back and chest out trying to show them that I wasn’t afraid when really I was shitting bricks.
‘No white boy gets to call me nigga!’ he shouted and spat right in my face followed by a blow straight in the face and then countless knees to the head. I spent a week in the infirmary unit recovering from a fractured skull, broken eye socket and broken jaw. The pain was intense and yes I regretted mouthing off to those two bastards but since then people have left me alone. 
My twenty three hours now consist of showering once a day eating three times a day, sitting on my fat arse playing on video games and watching films and carrying out workshop duties where I earn myself twenty five pence per hour, which gave me about five pound a week. Talk about karma. I feel lazy all the time and really wish there was more to life. 
I’ve tried the easy way out too a few times but just can’t quite seem to get it right. I think maybe deep down I don’t actually want to die but then again why the fuck would I want to be in here for the rest of my life, may as well end it all now and be done with it. 
I managed to acquire myself a razor blade from workshop duties once which I hid in my sock and luckily the guard missed it on the search. 
I got back to my cell laid in my bunk and slit both my wrists. I think that night the guard had a sixth sense for it because within about two minutes of me carrying out the deed he barged into my cell found me near to death and the next thing I knew I woke up in the fucking infirmary again. 
After a month of being in the shitty institution I had a guard inform me that I would be getting a visitor. He wouldn’t give me a name and I wondered and wondered who this person was who would be visiting me. First of all I thought maybe It’s my parents but after the court case where I literally told the courtroom word for word what happened my mum and dad swore that they never even had a son and pretty much gave up on me. I was gutted at the time but only a month later I’m past it, I have bigger things to worry about and never was that close to my parents. 
The visiting time was at five o’clock and to my absolute surprise it was Taylor. Walking towards the table she was sitting at, she looked the best thing I've seen since the last time I saw her with long red wavy hair, pretty tanned face and the biggest smile I think I've ever seen.
‘Hi Taylor.’ I said upon greeting her followed by a hug and a long wet kiss.
‘Hello handsome.’ She said.
‘So what brings you here, I’m so surprised to see you.’ 
‘Well I followed your case through the media and after discussions with Ant we decided it might be a good idea to come and visit you.’ 
‘Ok, that’s lovely and I’m certainly not complaining you’re here but why?’ Slightly confused that these two millionaires would want any sort of acquaintance with a serial murderer. 
‘Well off the record Ant isn’t exactly a law binding guy and we wanted to help you?’ 
‘Taylor before you say anything else I’ve got to say that you look amazing and I will definitely be giving myself a treat later after seeing you.’ She smiled at me and said.
‘Me too handsome!’ Followed by a wink, ‘I’m here though Josh to give you some important information and I’m going to cut straight to the chase. I’m pregnant with your child and I really want to keep it with your blessing?’ She looked me in the eyes and tears rolled down her lovely cheeks. ‘The reason why I want to keep it is because there is something about you, Ant is one hundred per cent behind me on this and next time he would like to pay you a visit as well?’ 
‘I’m shocked Taylor, I’m shocked at the fact you want to keep my child and secondly Ant is behind you on this?’ 
‘I know mine and Ant’s relationship is an odd one and a lot of people look at us and think there is something wrong with us. However Ant can’t have children himself due to unfortunate medical reasons and we both would feel honoured if you please give us your blessing?’
‘You have my blessing Taylor of course I’m just shocked and confused. What will my part be in all this?’
‘Josh, the only part you will need to play in this is to be a dad!’ She was still crying.
‘Taylor, we’ve only met once and granted the best time of my life but I’m just so confused by this whole thing. I’m Josh Bennett branded as a serial murderer for my own financial gain and you and your partner want to keep my child and bring it up?’
‘Josh darling I know this sounds crazy but this is what Ant and I want please say yes.’ 
‘Taylor you do whatever will make you happy but I don’t think I can be much of a dad in here?’
‘You will have all the contact possible Josh I promise you.’ 
‘I’m so overwhelmed by all this I’m shocked but it has given me hope and I’m so grateful that you have walked into my life I really am.’ She leant over the table and hugged me and gave me a massive wet kiss. 
‘Josh I promise you won’t regret this.’ Before I knew it the buzzer went indicating that visiting time was up, probably the fastest hour of my life yet the most shocking. We said our goodbyes and I watched her walk away from me through the door giving me one glance back with a beautiful smile. I couldn’t help but feel nothing but adoration for Taylor she’s given me something to focus on and live for and I felt happy for it.
Lying on my bunk back in my cell all I think about was Taylor and kept asking myself how did I meet someone so amazing as her and often wondered what was really in it for her. This was nothing but an act of a selfless couple and I really was grateful that she came to talk to me about it. 



***


Chapter 20

Today was the day that I’m going to carry out the crime that would lead me to Josh Bennett so I could pursue my ultimate mission in revenging my wife’s death. I managed to get hold of a shotgun from a friend who owned a farm and gave up the weapon with no questions asked. My plan was simple I was going to walk down the high street into the first bank I find and demand the cashier to hand over all the money she could possibly get her hands on. Of course the gun wasn’t going to be loaded and I have absolutely no intention of hurting anybody at all. I will however be aggressive and a nasty piece of work who will also be getting a little drunk too just to make it easier on my part. 
Dressed in a pair of black jeans a grey hoodie and with a Halloween mask tucked under my hoodie ready to go on at the last minute before entering the bank. I’m carrying a big black holdall containing the gun and already I’m getting strange looks from people in the street. They must sense something is going on.
As I see a sign for a bank about three hundred yards away from me my heart rate shoots up. Sweat pours out of my armpits and my hands feel all greasy. I keep telling myself to hold my nerve. I’m the one in control of this situation and there is no part of me that doesn’t want to go through with this. 
One hundred yards away now and I can feel my socks are damp from sweat and my mouth is bone dry. I’m absolutely petrified at the physiological effects this will have on the poor cashier who has a three foot gun barrel pointed in their face and the fear they were presented with thinking that their days are numbered. But! I do need to concentrate on why I’m doing this and the feeling I’m going to get when I see the lights go out on Josh’s eyes for the last time. 
I’m outside the bank and with no hesitation at all I pull on the mask rip the gun from the holdall throwing the bag on the floor and make my way briskly into the bank. 
I hear women scream as soon as the gun is pulled out of the holdall and I just keep my eyes focussed on the cashier, and six feet in front of me pointing the gun in the young girl’s face.
‘Nobody move of I’ll blow this girl’s fucking face off!’ I shouted at the top of my voice. She froze right in front of me with her eyes locked on me.
‘Get as much money as you can and make it fucking quick!’ I didn’t even look around to see who was in the bank knowing that I was going to get caught within a matter of minutes it didn’t really matter. 
She placed massive amounts of money on the counter in front of her which was still in front of the glass.
‘Open the fucking window you bitch!’ And she did exactly that. Only about thirty seconds had passed and I knew that the panic alarm had been triggered by another employee in the bank as this was standard procedure giving me about three minutes until the armed response team would be here.
I grabbed what money I could and placed it down my top and made my way to another cashier.
‘Do the same now if you want to live!’ The smartly dressed young man panicked and ducked behind the counter.
‘Get the fuck up or you’re a dead man do exactly as I say!’ He remained on the floor and by this time I could hear the sirens in the far distance, knowing who they were coming for.
Before I knew it I heard the words I’d been waiting for and took my last deep breath of freedom.
‘Put the gun down and place your hands behind your head.’ I paused for a minute and waited for them to ask me the second time.
‘Put the gun down and place your hands above your head NOW!’ Shouted the armed police officer.
‘Fuck you!’ I said and swung the gun round in their direction pointing it at one of the six armed police that I could see which were all in their PPE.
‘This is your last chance or we will shoot you put the gun down and put your hands above your head where we can see them!’ It was now time and I did exactly that. Within about ten seconds they were on me I was face down hands already cuffed behind my back, these guys were fast and did not mess around. 
Being escorted out of the building in front of many onlookers wasn’t the most proud moment of my life so I just kept my head down and tried my best to avoid any eye contact with anyone. 
I was literally thrown into the back of the police waggon and taken off to the police station with the sirens blaring. I knew that this would now be the hard part as they were taking me to the station where I worked and I was going to feel pure humiliation and embarrassment for my actions. But! Even then I knew I was on the right track to where I wanted to be going and that was behind bars close to Mr Bennett and I would eventually kill him.
Walking being frog marched into the station I work in and seeing people who know me was hard to stomach, the thing I was most worried about is the person who will be interviewing me. 
Sitting in the interview room with my Lawyer next to me, Mr Potter was extremely daunting and quite hard to stomach. I knew the uniformed officer already in the room and then DCI Max Brown walks in and doesn’t look happy with me at all.
‘Off the record!’ Max said. ‘What in the fuck were you thinking? Have you lost your fucking mind? I’ve known you for since I can ever remember and never ever thought of you to pull a stunt like this Rich!’ he then sat down in front of me and completely ignored my hand shake. He turned on the recorder did the introductions on tape and then proceeded to question me.
‘So, Mr Lewis you know the reasons why you’re here and we have your arresting officer PC Evans with us today who has explained what you’re being charged for. Can you confirm to me please that you fully understand?’
‘Yes Max I fully understand.’ I said with my head bowed not being able to look Max in the eye.
‘Good I’m going to jump straight in, what was your motive behind all this?’ I’m not going to be able to tell him the truth so I’m going to stick with the complete bullshit story I've spent some time making up in my head.
‘I’m fed up Max and that’s it fed up and want an easy way out.’
‘I don’t understand Rich easy way out?’
‘You know make a quick buck and leave the country start up somewhere fresh and not find happiness again.’ 
‘And did you honestly think you’d be able to get away with this?’
‘Yes I did Max!’ Now looking him straight in the eye, it’s now time that I need to be strong and give them a convincing bullshit story.
‘Was it worth scaring the poor cashier half to death for a measly six thousand pound?’
‘Six grand is that all I got?’ trying to look smug and cocky. Max has known me for years and knew this wasn’t the person I was and would try to bend things so I would come out of it looking as innocent as possible.
‘Don’t be funny Rich I’m just trying to work out why you chose this route. Granted you’ve had a tough time with Julie being murdered but now you have lost your job everything you ever worked for and for what? To do a runner abroad with six grand in your back pocket?’ 
‘This just doesn’t add up to me and doesn’t seem like you at all now tell me the truth Rich tell me what your game was?’
‘Max you can sit here and interrogate me for as long as you want. I admit I held up a bank with a shot gun in order to obtain instant cash to flee the country and start a new life. That’s it there’s no hidden agenda, I have no tricks up my sleeve. At the end of the day I had a moment of madness thought I would get away with it and now I've been caught. Let’s just get this over and done with as quickly as possible so you can go home to your wife and I can get in my new home and live a lot of my life in self-pity and sorrow.’ 
‘Rich I’m convinced there are things that you’re not telling me and I’ll get them from you and you know that!’ Looking at me angry and red faced Max then stood up and in a moment of rage threw his chair across the room just missing PC Evans. He then stormed out of the room muttering something under his breath and slammed the door behind him. 
I had been pacing my cell for hours when the door opens and I find Max storming in. 
‘Rich you’ve fucking let me down mate and everyone else who knows you. No one understands what's gone on and why a switch has flicked in your head?’
‘No switch has flicked Max it was a moment, a split second decision that has gone terribly wrong for me.’ 
‘Look the governor has taken me off this because of our relationship and you’ll have Andrews investigating this.’ 
‘I fucking hate Andrews.’ I said.
‘Well you have only yourself to blame for this Rich, between you and me I’m your my friend first then a colleague so obviously I’m going to support you on this one but you need to be honest with me!’ 
‘Max there’s nothing to tell, the truth is I went out of control for a split moment honestly mate and now I've fucked up I know that and I know I’m going to be looking at about six to eight years.’ 
‘Yes Rich but the fact you have already pleaded guilty will go in your favour in court you know that but to be honest you’re looking at some time. Just promise me as a friend that you’re not hiding anything from me, promise me Rich please you owe me that!’
‘Max I promise you mate I’m not hiding anything from you.’
‘Ok your word is good enough for me, look I've got to go mate I’ll come and see you tomorrow ok. Keep your chin up and try to get some sleep you look like shit.’
‘Cheers mate see you soon.’ 
Max left the cell and the door slammed shut behind him. I suddenly felt alone had no one to speak to except myself which I then decided to roll through my head what I’ll be saying to Josh when I see him and how I will be killing him. Those thoughts put me at ease and before I knew it I was out for the count.



***


Chapter 21

Six weeks have now passed and I've seen Taylor twice a week and we’re really starting to get close to each other. Ant has been to visit a few times too and to be honest I've never met a nicer bloke. I assumed he would be arrogant and try to be the alpha male in all this but he is just a nice genuine man who also cares for Taylor as much as I do.
I have dreams about me and Taylor being together on the outside world and playing with our children and basically living the life of luxury. It’s what I like to call my safe place when things get tough in here which they do on a daily basis then all I have to do is close my eyes and imagine I’m there, it’s amazing how powerful the human mind is and how real things can feel.
The lights come on at six o’clock every morning apart from Sundays when they come on at seven. This morning I’m out of my bunk and escorted to the showers when I’m greeted by nine men. 
The guard turns his back and leaves the shower room closing the doors behind him and I instantly knew that I had been set up for something. The nine men were all standing there with their towels wrapped round their waist with what I assume nothing on underneath. 
A tall bald guy approached me instantly and punched me in the stomach so hard I felt my stomach squash and the pain was intense agony. I fell to the floor in a heap, on my knees with my hands covering the back of my head waiting for the next blows which never came. 
The anticipation of waiting was more painful than the first blow to the stomach and what felt like minutes was only seconds. The moment I turn my head and look up I take a heel to the side of my head in a stamping motion. 
Only half with it I decided to try to defend myself at least go down with a fight for a change. I launched myself at the tall bald guy as fast as I could propelling him into the tiled wall behind him. 
He yelped in pain as the back of his head smashed into the wall. Before I knew it I was taking blows from all angles, fighting back as much as I could I managed to catch one guy square on his nose feeling it break and the blood splatter down his front, the feeling was quite exhilarating. 
I continued to fight back as much as I could but again nine guys was proving impossible. It’s strange because it was only after the event I could feel the pain in my face, head and body, I must have had adrenaline flowing through my body helping me through this violent time. 
It must have only lasted about five to six minutes but when I think back at it I see it in slow motion. 
I stand up look around and can only see the tall bald guy left there are spots of blood on the floor but nothing to raise any alarms and the guy leaning against the wall is making a few moans and groans. I walk over and slap his face to help him come to, which doesn’t work too well until I turned the shower on above his head.
‘What the fuck was that all about?’ I asked.
‘Nothing just one of the screws asked us to give you a bit of a kicking. I don’t think it was anything personal.’ 
‘Nothing personal I have a bust face you fucking twat.’ 
‘Alright mate calm down yeah it was nothing happens all the time will be someone else next week.’
‘Fuck you, happens to me again and you’re a fucking dead man get it?’ I shout kicking him in the face as hard as I could. His body went limp with one or two groans and I decided to leave him there. 
I get back to my cell with the escort of a screw and clean my face up. The screw didn’t say a word to me and I wonder whether he was in on it or not but to be honest I just had to take this one on the chin. I never found out why I was a target. 
The next day I was informed that I would be getting a visitor and I knew that it wasn’t Taylor this time as the screws always make comments about my girl coming to visit me. 
During breakfast I kept wondering who it would be visiting and unfortunately I had to wait until midday for the visit. 
Glancing my eyes across the dining hall I notice a face that I recognise and had to take a few takes before I triggered on to who this guy was. I was amazed to see DCI Richard Lewis. What the fuck was he doing here? I ask myself. 
As I walk up to him I notice he starts to look aggressive in his facial expressions.
‘Alright copper’ I said out loud so others around could hear who he was.
‘Keep your voice down dick head I’m no copper.’ 
‘Fuck you I’m here because of you!’
‘That’s where you’re wrong mate, you’re here because of you and your greed!’ And he hurls himself towards me punching me in the face over and over again. The pain was intense it hurt so bad but wasn’t enough to knock me out. A bit of a wimp if you ask me. 
Before I had a chance to retaliate the screws were on us and had us both on the floor cuffed and ready to be taken away.
‘I’m not finished with you Josh you fucking bastard you’re a dead man and will pay!’ he shouted as he was being dragged away. I stayed silent didn’t give a shit on what he had to say to me. 
I was taken to the infirmary to have my face looked at and to make sure I didn’t have concussion. I've taken a few beatings over the last few days and needed to be careful and keep my wits about me according to the doctor as he doesn’t think it would take much to be seriously hurt. My plan now then was to get to Rich before he had a chance to get to me.  
Through conversations with other inmates I found out that he was in cell block 6B and was in for Armed Robbery with Intent. He was sentenced to ten years but will probably only end up serving four if he’s a good boy. 
I knew Rich wanted me dead as he blames me for the death of his wife but by me admitting to killing her then I could see why I’m in the firing line. What no-one knows is Jimmy actually killed her and not me, I took the blame because I didn’t give a shit anymore. Now I have Taylor in my life and carrying my child I do regret that as it could have shaved a considerable amount of time off my sentence. 
Midday is getting close and the anticipation is killing me on who would be visiting. It won’t be my parents, it’s not Taylor and it’s certainly not Lucinda she's well and truly moved on and so have I. 
Walking in the visitors room I scan the place and don’t see anyone I recognise. I’m led to a table where a man is sitting. with long black shoulder length hair and a full beard. I look him in the eyes and almost straight away see who this guy is but my mind couldn’t comprehend. 
‘Look fella’ He said. ‘Try and stay calm and compose yourself I’m taking a huge risk being here but I had to see you.’ I take a deep breath and just look at him trying to comprehend that I’m actually looking at Jimmy. ‘Fella my name’s James ok, just don’t bring any attention to us please!’ He demanded. I felt as though he still had some sort of control over me.
‘Ok mate what the fuck I’m confused?’ I said.
‘Fella, it’s a very long story on how I’m here but again you need to trust me you have no reason not to now ok?’ He said quietly. 
‘But I just don’t understand?’ I still found it hard to cope with a dead man sitting in front of me. Maybe I fully underestimated this guy from day one.
‘You’ve done a lot for me and to be honest mate I owe you my life. You took the blame for everything and could have easily blamed me.’ 
‘Yes well I thought you were dead mate.’ 
‘I’m going to do what I can to make it up to you ok, The Boss is dead now and I've got everything he owned and you’re the only person I want to share this with.’
‘How did he die?’ I asked.
‘Again a long story and this isn’t the place I can talk about it but I promise you I will inform you of everything when the time is right. I give you my word.’ I had no reason at all to doubt him he could have disappeared, he has all the money in the world yet he feels obliged to come to me. 
I feel more and more hope, the only threat I have is time and that twat copper trying to kill me.
‘Look I can’t stay too long for obvious reasons mate but I will be in touch with you soon and I’m working on getting you out of this shit hole.’ 
‘Ok thanks mate appreciate it but I really don’t know how you can get me out, I confessed all?’ 
‘I have my ways mate I’m a clever boy believe me there are a lot of things about me you don’t know yet but you will.’ 
‘James’ I said. I felt strange calling him that. ‘If I don’t see you again I understand but it means a lot you coming to see me today thank you.’
‘Fella don’t get all sentimental on me you soft shit just trust me ok, I've got to go see you soon.’ Off he went, I had the strangest feeling I've ever felt in my life and words can’t even explain.
I got back to my cell and just sat on the edge of my bunk and strangely sobbed my heart out for some time. I've never felt like this since I've been in here but I felt that life really was going to get a hell of a lot better.



***


Chapter 22

Attacking Josh when I did was most probably the biggest mistake. Prison was a lot harder to contemplate than I thought. I’ve countless stories in the past from what life behind bars is like but until you actually experience it you can’t understand how fucking shit life gets.
Since I've been in here I've lost family who I thought would have been there for me unconditionally but it’s surprising to see your own flesh and blood turn their back on you. I've started smoking and find that I’m constantly looking forward to my next fag and will pay over the odds just for one. 
I’m sharing a cell with a skinny druggie who is obsessed with masturbation and talking about himself and all the amazing things he’s done in his life. 
His name’s Tommy but likes to be called Toe for some strange reason and won’t talk to you unless you address him by this shit nick name. He’s a short arse at five foot five and likes to just sit around in his pants. Living with this scumbag is hard work and I find myself getting into a fist fight with him at least once a day, the guards even find it funny. 
Toe is in for murder, I find him crazy myself and the things he tells me freak me out a little bit. He told me that he managed to smuggle over twenty thousand Eastern European girls in the country for prostitution in the back of a lorry which I find it extremely hard to believe but sit there and just nod at him when he’s chatting to me. 
There was this other time which he told me he managed to resist arrest from ten coppers at the same time, got sprayed with gas and tasered and still managed to evade them. He doesn’t know what I did for a living and I managed to keep that information on the quiet as I don’t think it would go down too well if these scumbags knew who I really was, even though I’m a criminal just like them. 
I need to try to get hold of some sort of weapon to kill Josh with and I really wasn’t going to waste any time doing what I've brought myself here to do, so I approach Toe.
‘Toe, you’re a man who seems to know what he’s doing right?’
‘Yer bruv what is it you’re after?’ he said in a strong cockney accent. 
‘I need to carry out a deed and need some sort of tool?’
‘So what's the deed?’
‘Well’ I said. ‘I can’t tell you that!’
‘Look man we are like brothers now and you can tell me anything like I tell you yer, if you wanna finish someone off then I can help ya right?’
‘Ok’ not really surprised that he guessed that.
‘Who is he man?’ 
‘I’d rather not say to be honest?’ 
‘Look man spit it out I may even do him for ya?’
‘It’s a guy called Josh Bennett the serial murderer?’
‘Yer I know the man, you want me to get him for ya?’
‘No thank you I need to do this myself, if I tell you something please don’t tell anyone!’
‘Look bruv we both got shit on each other right I aint gonna tell no one.’
‘He killed my wife and I can’t rest until he’s dead get it!’ I said angrily right in his face so he knew I wasn’t messing around.
‘That makes sense bruv listen yer, I’ll get you a tool and I’ll help ya take him you just tell me what you want me to do!’
Thanks Toe you’re a good man.’ He’s not a good man he’s a nut job but so far I've learned that keeping the nut jobs on your side can prove to be helpful.
‘Give me a few days though bruv and I’ll have the tool!’ 
‘Good thank you Toe!’
That night I kept fantasising about killing Josh -- how I’d do it, the last words I’d be saying to him and that the last face he sees will be mine staring at him with a smile on my face to show how happy I was that he would be dying.
I treated myself to a chocolate bar that night to give me some sort of sugar rush but it didn’t work. I also needed to work out how I would be able to get closer to Josh or even so I was housed in the same block. I heard that he’s on medication at the moment and spends every Thursday afternoon in the infirmary and would try to get myself there as that would be perfect for killing this son of a bitch. 
Before lights out I had a memo to notify me I would be getting a visitor tomorrow afternoon at midday. My visitor would be Christine Moore the woman my Julie had an affair with who is now a close friend of mine and was really looking forward to seeing her tomorrow. This gave me a great sense of joy and helped me drop off to sleep quickly. 



***


Chapter 23

The lights came on at six like clockwork waking us all up ready for showers and breakfast. I hated shower time -- lots of naked men washing next to each other in the shower didn’t do it for me at all. 
There was one guy who I think fancied me as he always gave me funny looks and tried to shower next to me every morning, if only he knew I used to be an ex copper. 
One morning he wanted to shower next to me so badly he ended up having a fight with a guy twice his size just so he could stare at me whilst he washed himself. When he actually managed to get next to me he would try to make eye contact which I avoided at all costs. He would then rub soap all over his body and play with himself until he got hard and continued to look at me. It’s not the best experience and there’s only so much I can take of this. Lucky for me a lot of the men also in the shower don’t appreciate this either and I've seen him get beatings many times for masturbating in the showers in the company of straight men but that doesn’t seem to stop him. 
Toe threatens to stab this guy all the time but being a small skinny shrimp no one ever takes any notice of him, well they didn’t until one day he completely flipped out and bust the jaw of a guy for looking at him the wrong way. That’s one thing about Toe he’s completely unpredictable but for some reason I trust the guy. 
After the lovely shower experience which I have most mornings I got dressed and we were then all escorted down to the dining hall. Usual shitty greasy fry up with over cooked beans and enough food to feed a small child. 
Whenever I’m not in my cell I've always got my eye out for Josh and I’m always prepared to take him down at my first opportunity unlike my first attempt though which I didn’t think through at all and just pounced on the prick at the first sight of him. I don’t think I've ever actually hated anyone as much as I hate this guy as I know he could have spared Julie’s life if he really wanted to. 
Unfortunately I didn’t see him at all in the dining hall and felt disappointed. However, one day I know my time will come when I get to drive that blunt knife into his neck and cheek and hold him there until he dies and I cannot wait. 
Finally it’s visiting time and I get a lovely greeting from Chris. She’s well dressed in a business suit and looks extremely attractive like that.
‘Rich! Hi darling how are you?’ She said.
‘I've had better days but plodding through ok, how are you?’ I asked.
‘Not too bad feel lonely at the moment wish you weren’t stuck in here so we could spend some time together.’ 
‘Yeah me too love but you know I have a job to do?’
‘Yes don’t remind me, I take it you haven’t done it yet?’
‘No I've seen him though and I managed to get a few punches to his face which was slightly reckless of me as I really need to pace myself with this and do it properly.’ I said with a whisper. 
‘Look just be careful you know my feelings on the matter and it would be nice if you could get out of here in one piece!’ She said firmly.
‘Yes I know, it’s just hard to control myself when I see him and the thoughts of what happened to Julie and you haunt me every day.’ 
‘I know, look there’s something I've got to tell you and I’m not sure how you’re going to take it.’ With tears starting to roll down her face.
‘Ok, it’s ok tell me, whatever it is it can’t be that bad.’
‘It’s not good Rich I've fallen in love with someone and feel so guilty for it.’ She bowed her head until it touched the table and sobbed her little heart out. I felt awkward and wasn’t sure how to respond so just placed my hand on the back of her hair.
‘Look you’re only human, it’s fine love it’s fine.’ Not really sure how I felt about it, does this mean she won’t want to stay friends because I’m her ex-lovers ex-partner?
‘Rich you don’t see it do you?’ She looked up shouting. ‘Do you see it?’ 
‘I don’t know what you mean dear, see what?’ She jumped up out of her seat and said. ‘Forget it Rich goodbye’ and stormed off out the meeting area through the door.
I sat there in a daze at first trying to work out what the hell just went on and kept asking myself over and over ‘See what?’ it just didn’t make any sense to me at all. 
Later that day I laid on my bunk reading and thinking at the same time when Toe approaches me and said.
‘I got it, it’s inside your mattress foot end near the wall.’ 
‘Great thanks Toe.’ I got up to take a look.
‘Rich ya daft twat don’t wanna get it out now you gotta me careful bruv you get caught with that and we’re both in trouble ya got me?’ 
‘Shit! Yes sorry Toe didn’t think, my head’s all over the place at the moment.’ 
‘Why what wrong bruv, talk to me I’m a good listener?’ I went on to explain my conversation with Chris and told him all the details about Chris and my wife etc… 
‘Bruv you fucking bind man, I can tell ya now that it’s you who she loves.’ 
‘What! Don’t be stupid she’s not into men mate.’
‘Well I know I don’t look bright but I’m telling ya that she’s in love with you, if she is how does that make you feel?’
‘I don’t know I really don’t think she does I’ll just have to talk to her properly next time she visits.’
‘That’s if you ain’t blown it bruv.’
‘You really think she's in love with me?’
‘Yer man you’ll see that I’m right, you’ll see.’
Again the lights go out and I lay there staring into the darkness with the sounds of the banter between the other prisoners in the background.  Maybe she does love me, we’ve spent a lot of time together before I came in. It then suddenly dawned on me that it is me she loves oh my god and the crazy thing is I’m in love with her.
The guilt races through me how could I have let this happen, my heart is with Julie still, not her lover? I know that you can’t choose who you fall for but if this whole thing is real then what the hell am I doing here in prison when I could be out there starting a fresh life. The pace of this is so fast like a whirlwind, I need to get out I need to talk to Chris as soon as possible. I fear that it’s all too late and for the first time I regret doing what I did to get me in here behind bars and I know that there is no way out.
The next day I ask the guard if I could make a phone call as I need to talk to Max ASAP and confess everything. The guard allows me to make the call and Max answers his mobile in seconds.
‘Max it’s me Rich I've made a mistake.’
‘Rich I’m surprised to hear from you, how are you?’
‘No time for that now I need you to come and see me we need to talk.’
‘Ok ok slow down Rich what is it?’
‘I can’t talk about it over the phone please come and see me I’ll tell you everything I've been lying to you I’m sorry.’
‘Ok Rich stay calm mate, I’m away at the moment but can get to you at the end of the week!’ 
‘That’s too far away it’s important I really need to see you Max.’
‘Rich it’s not possible I’m sorry it has to wait until Friday you’re not in any danger are you?’
‘No I’m not in danger it’ll have to wait until Friday then.’
‘Ok mate I've got to go now but will see you in a few days ok?’
‘Ok Max just one more thing, I’m so sorry for lying to you.’
‘Look don’t worry about that. I knew you were keeping things from me and I’m sure there is a justifiable reason just stay safe and I’ll see you soon ok.’ He hangs up the phone and I start to sob but quickly realising the company I’m in I had to pull myself together quickly. 



***


Chapter 24

It’s strange when something bad happens to you, you realise who your true friends are. I never thought Jimmy would be the sort of person to help me out and this shows how much of a genuine person he really is, then there’s Taylor after only meeting her once for a very nice evening she comes to visit me every week and Ant does too. My other so-called friends haven’t bothered with me since I've been in and it might be because I’m a serial murderer and let’s face it who wants to be acquainted with a killer. But at the end of the day the true people in your life are the ones who are there for you no matter what and this experience has been a real eye opener for real. 
It’s visiting day for me today and it’s with Taylor too, I always look forward to these visits. Beautiful busty red head carrying my child, I couldn’t ask for more. 
As I approach her she gives me a smile with elegance every time. A smile which tells me yeah she loves me and although she's never said it to me I know and I’m sure she knows I love her too. 
‘Hello handsome, god you look sexier every time I see you.’ She says with a wink.
‘Thanks sweetheart you look pretty amazing yourself.’ We sat there for a few seconds gazing into each other’s eyes.
‘Oh wait look what I have’ She said with a smile pulling out a photo of her first scan.
‘Oh my god.’ I was gobsmacked, that was a picture of my unborn baby.
‘He’s a beauty isn’t he.’ She said.
‘He? We’re having a boy.’ I must have had the biggest smile on my face. 
‘Josh there’s something I need to tell you sweetie.’ 
This point my heart sank into my stomach and the feeling of dread smashed through my body. I looked at her and she could see I was upset. She grabbed my arm and said.
‘Handsome it’s nothing for you to worry about, it’s just that Ant and I are having a few problems?’
‘It’s because of us isn’t it? The three of us?’ Couldn’t help the little corner smile.
‘Sort of, basically he hasn’t been taking the pregnancy as well as he first thought and his feelings have changed towards me.’
‘Right ok.’ I said.
‘In a nut shell darling Ant has left me. I’m gutted about it but at the same time I feel relieved.’ She squeezed my arm harder.
‘The main reason is because I have fallen in love with you Josh, I can’t help it my feelings for you are so strong I've rejected Ant and he’s crushed by it but being the understanding man he is he’s been really understanding.’ 
‘Ok, so Ant isn’t angry with you or me?’ 
‘No he’s not angry a little hurt though, he said that he always knew one day I’d end up falling for someone because of the way our relationship was and let’s face it was never going to work long term was it.’ I sat there just staring into her eyes.
‘Josh are you listening to me darling?’
‘Yes sorry dear just overwhelmed with you falling in love with me, I’m in love with you too dear.’ 
She jumped on the chair with joy and made a girly squeal trying to hold in a scream. 
‘I’m so happy’ She said. ‘There’s only one down side to all this.’ Creating a sad face. ‘You’re stuck in here.’
‘I know I am dear but let’s just dream I’ll be out one day we can focus on that?’
‘Yeah you’re right got to stay positive, also Ant’s given me some money to help us.’
‘That’s good of him at least you’ll be ok for a while.’ 
‘Honey he’s given us five million pounds.’ 
‘Oh my god!’ I’m shocked that he’s actually done that he really is the nicest guy. 
‘I have this for you too.’ Smiling handing me an envelope.
‘What is it?’ I asked.
‘Open it and find out.’ So I did just that.
‘Wow’ I said ‘that is something else honey thank you so much.’ She gave me the sexiest nude photo of her I've ever seen and I’ll not be letting any of those fuckers in here get their dirty hands on it. 
‘Taylor, you are one amazing woman you know that, I’m so glad I've met you, it makes it so much easier being in this dump knowing I have you and my boy waiting for me to come out.’ She burst into tears.
‘Honey it’s ok.’ I said rubbing her arm.
‘It’s not that, I just know that you really love me.’ 
‘Of course I do more than anything.’ 
‘I love the fact that when you said that then you didn’t mention the money, it means everything to me.’ 
‘The money is a bonus yeah but the top prize is you and our little boy in there.’ Pointing to her belly.
The awful alarm sounds to notify us all that visiting time is up. It was hard saying goodbye to Taylor this time round knowing that she was going home without me and I’m stuck in this fucking shit hole. 
When I got back into my cell I had a bit of a rage, I had to get it out. I turned my bed upside down smashed up anything I could find possible to break, punched the walls kicked things and just went crazy until I burnt out of energy. The Screws left me to it until I calmed down and entered my cell when I was a sobbing heap on the floor. 
Sometimes the screws were nice to me and gave me support during the tough times and when I was a bastard they kicked the shit out of me so I basically had the best of both worlds.



***


Chapter 25

Holding back the tears when I first saw Max was hard, I've known this guy for so long and he knows everything about me. We gave each other a strong manly hug and sat down.
‘Rich mate how are you keeping in here?’
‘Not good mate I've fucked up, I made a mistake.’
‘Yes I know that Rich but you’ll learn.’
‘Max I set myself up to be in here.’ He looked at me with disbelief.
‘I don’t understand?’
‘I set myself up so I could get close to Josh Bennett and kill him.’ I whispered to him.
‘You fool, you fucking fool Rich what the fuck were you thinking?’ 
‘I know it’s a huge mistake I wasn’t thinking. He murdered Julie and I lost it, wanted revenge on the guy.’
‘Well you’ve really seen yourself off haven’t you, I wish you said something before our first interview you wouldn’t have been in here mate. We could have sorted things out for you.’
‘Max what am I going to do?’
‘I’ll tell you what you’re going to do Rich is keep a cool head, keep it down and do you time. You will have to ride this one through mate.’ 
‘Yes I know.’ I put my head on the table and sobbed. 
‘Look mate there’s something I've got to tell you.’ Said Max. ‘It’s important.’ I looked up at him.
‘Ok, go on.’
‘How close were you to Julie’s lover Christine?’
‘Quite close we became good friends, why do you ask?’
‘She was found dead in her flat this morning.’ 
‘What how!?’ 
‘Suicide!’
‘How can you be so sure it was suicide?’ 
‘There was a note Rich, the words were. I have nothing left for me here I’m really sorry Rich I love you.’
‘This isn’t good mate she was my only chance of happiness and I never got a chance to tell her I loved her.’ I screamed as loud as I could and the officers escorted me back to my cell.
I was hysterical if I told her how I felt she’d still be around all I do is ruin people’s lives. I wish I wish I left things alone from the beginning and just tried my best to be a good husband to Julie and none of this would have happened. 
Crazy thoughts ran through my mind, I felt like ending it all now just take my own life and be done with it. I managed to fine some wire hidden in Toe’s mattress he probably stored there for hurting someone. I made a noose and tired it to a water pipe on the ceiling. I placed the noose round my neck sat on the top bunk on Toe’s bed, took a deep breath and leaped off. I didn’t feel any pain, I saw Julies face flash through my eyes and then it went black.



***


Chapter 26

Sixteen years later I’m now 48 years old have a sixteen year old boy who I've never met and the most beautiful wife in the world. As I walk out the front gates breathe in the fresh air and make my way to the large Mercedes waiting to pick me up I felt like I was born again. I don’t have to feel guilty about the things I've done as I've done my time gracefully, I stuck with it and now I’m free only with a few scars and a missing little toe. 
As the driver pulls up outside my new home which I'm seeing for the first time, I gasp for breath. I leap out and walk up the driveway. The house is a massive dark red brick building with a large dark brown door with a knocker on it bigger than my head.
I bang on the door as loud as I can and moments later a young lad answers. My eyes well up with tears and I said.
‘Cameron?’ 
‘Sorry sir he lives three doors down that way.’ Pointing to his right. 
I stared at him for a minute and he stared at me and gave me a massive smile, jumped on me and threw his arms round me.
‘Dad, I’m so happy to finally meet you I can’t believe it’s you I really can’t.’ We hugged it out for a long time and I then heard a voice I recognised.
‘Hello stranger.’ Said Taylor walking up to the door. She ran out and grabbed me, we all laughed and cried at the same time. This was by far the happiest moment of my whole life. 
We go into the house and I get shown around my new home it’s everything I ever dreamt of and now I have everything all because I met the woman of my dreams.
Later that evening we all sat down for dinner and we were having the lovely family chat I always dreamt of.
‘Dad.’ Said Cameron. ‘Have you seen the toy mum bought you as a welcome home present?’ 
‘Sorry darling I forgot all about that’ said Taylor. ‘I was so excited about you being home I forgot all about it come on let’s go outside.’
We followed her out onto the driveway and Cameron opened one of the garage doors to reveal the car of my dreams. A Ferrari F430 Spider in blood red. I was shocked.
‘That’s mine guys?’
‘All yours sweetie.’ Said Taylor and we all had another family hug. ‘Oh honey as you’ve been drinking probably best to wait until tomorrow to take it out though!’ She said softly.
‘I've kept it clean for you dad.’ 
‘Thank you guys so much it’s the best and I feel so lucky and happy.’ We made our way back into the house and the house phone rang which Taylor answered.
‘Hello, yes of course no problem.’ Taylor handed me the phone. ‘It’s for you dear.’
‘Hello Josh speaking?’
‘Fella it’s me Jimmy long time no speak.’ I froze and didn’t say anything. ‘Fella I need you to meet me at Greenwich got a job for you and you have to be there you still work for me remember!’


***


The End


Inappropriate Behaviour


by Gareth Parker

Jay Jacob is a high level professional manager for a top company. However, in Jay’s private he is the complete opposite. Things turn drastically wrong when Jay mixes a lethal cocktail of alcohol, women and suicide forcing him out of the frying pan and into the fire. This thrilling short story will keep you on the edge as this page-turner unfolds…

***
