




Guilty?


Derek Coleman





Guilty? © 2014 All rights reserved by Derek Coleman

ISBN-13:
978-1500423070 

ISBN-10:
1500423076 





No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or any means, graphic, electronic or mechanical including photocopying, recording, taping, or by any informational storage retrieval system without prior permission in writing from the copyright holder. Nor may it be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it was published and without a similar condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.

This is a work of fiction. Any similarity to any real persons living or dead is entirely coincidental.

Printed in the United States of America




For

Jake, Zak, Milla
and Barnaby

with love




Chapter One

Winter in West Virginia can be very trying.
Occasionally the temperature climbs into the high seventies and stays there for a while but then there are times when the thermometer drops to almost unbelievable numbers below freezing. This was one of those nights. Mid-March and the mercury measured fourteen below. It was the sort of night a man likes to spend in a warm, comfortable bar watching the game, drinking beer and laughing with his buddies. Alternatively, if he prefers his action one on one, it was the kind of night a guy likes to spend in a hotel room, preferably with a leggy blonde young enough to be his daughter.
I was enjoying none of these pleasures. It was one-thirty in the morning and I was sitting in my car on a frosty parking lot trying not to shiver too much while I waited for a guy who was lucky enough to have tasted all these delights tonight. 
Rick Watson is in the construction business. He has his own construction business in fact. He works hard, he’s good at what he does and he’s made himself rich. Or maybe that should be he’s made himself richer. He had a head start because he was born to wealth, but even without that he’s made enough not to worry about money. He’s also able to indulge in the things he enjoys and that’s the problem.  Most of what he enjoys involves girls. Unfortunately, his wife objects to this.
This where I come in. My name is Witton, Dean Witton. I’m an ex-marine, an ex-cop and an ex-husband, in that order. I’m also a private eye. No ex on that yet but it may come to it if paying customers don’t start beating my door down soon. Mine is a one-man show. What it brings in is just enough to keep me from starving so I’m loath to employ anyone else. 
Which explains why I’m here, freezing my butt off on a hotel parking lot just off I-64. I’m waiting for Rick, age forty-five, dark hair, dark eyes, and sort of Latin good looks, to finish what he’s doing with Amber Clarke. She’s nineteen, an out-of-work nail tech, seriously lacking in the intellect department but having everything else in the right place and stacked just the way men like it.
They’d met when Amber’s daddy decided he needed a den added to their five-bedroom house in Aberdeen. Daddy went to the office, mommy went to the mall and Amber’s siblings were all in school, leaving Amber alone in the house to watch the construction guys. 
Like I said, Rick owned the construction business. He was good at it and he kept an eye on how his men were doing. 
I’d done my homework. I spent a few nights in a bar and got to know one of Rick’s workers. I bought him a beer or two and lost a couple of games of pool to him. He wasn’t in the least reluctant to talk about his boss, in fact he seemed kind of proud of Rick’s success with the girls. If what he said was right, Rick never failed because he never let up until the girl gave in. This time it seemed he didn’t have to chase hard. He came on the site, took one look at Amber, turned on the charm and thirty minutes later was in her bed.
And like I say this is where I come in. Rick’s wife decided enough was enough. There had been too many Ambers in their marriage. She wanted out, and was paying me to get the evidence so she could go with most of Rick’s money. I felt sorry for the guy. He was likeable and his wife was not. What he’d ever seen in her is anybody’s guess, I don’t know. She was maybe in her early forties, wore her hair in a style that was too young for her, carried a good thirty pounds too much weight and had a sneering look that made it seem somewhere along the line she’d forgotten how to smile.
She was paying me to get the goods on Rick though. I needed the money and I had the goods. Boy, did I have them. I had pictures, receipts and statements. I even had CCTV footage of the two of them going into a motel room. That cost me a fifty from a spotty faced night clerk, but it was worth it. I just needed a couple more pictures to confirm tonight’s tryst and I was ready to report back.
Ten minutes later I got them. I’d parked where I could see into the hotel reception and spotted them as they handed the key back
I was shooting pictures as fast as I could. I got them coming out with the hotel sign in the background. I got them going to his car. I got them standing beside it with Amber’s tongue halfway down Rick’s throat and his hands safely tucked in her underwear…if she was wearing any. I have my doubts. Anyway, I now had enough to finish off the file and ensure that Mr. Rick would be paying Mrs. Rick megabucks to go away. Gratefully I wished them both a silent goodbye, turned the key and drove off. They did not even look round as I passed them.

My office is a small, converted store in a row of similar stores. Most of them are fast food joints; pizza, KFC, a Chinese place called Ming’s Kitchen and a Mexican one named El Ristorante Grande. Added to these we got Steph’s Hair and Nails, Western Electrical and me. I’m West Teays Investigations, probably the least profitable place of all, which is why I live in the back room of the store, handle all my own calls and answer to no one.
It was well after two in the morning when I got back. I didn’t bother with writing anything up then, I just poured myself a warming shot of bourbon, undressed and crawled into bed. In what seemed like minutes it was morning. Unfortunately, I’m one of those people who have a built in alarm clock. No matter what time I go to bed I’m always awake around six. 
The moment I opened my eyes, I could tell sometime in the past four hours the frost had turned to snow. There was light filtering round the blind. Brighter than moonlight, it made me blink my bleary eyes. It was too early for it to be light.  Which meant it was snowing. 
I groaned and sat on the edge of the bed. Not only was I feeling like a guy who hadn’t had enough sleep, I also had a little voice in my throbbing head saying snow is not good for the construction business. There must have been a couple of inches of it out there already and more coming down. That meant Rick Watson might stay home today and I reckoned Mrs. Watson was the type who wouldn’t get in her car to go see her private eye if there were a hint of bad weather.
I’d rather hoped to get the report to her, but I couldn’t do that if Rick was there. I needed her check so the county sewage and water company would get off my back about unpaid bills. I yawned. It would take a couple of hours to finish the report and to prepare my final invoice. Maybe the snow would stop by then and Rick would go out. Flipping the switch on the coffee machine I wandered to the bathroom and turned on the shower.
By seven thirty I was working on my account of Rick and Amber’s intimacies. I’m a one finger typist and like to get everything into the computer in draft form first. After that I grab a coffee, let the words percolate and settle for ten minutes, then go back to edit them. Today I had not quite finished the draft stage when someone hammered on the door. I sighed, I knew who it was.
‘Go away, Steph,’ I called. ‘I’m busy.’
‘I got breakfast,’ a female voice replied. I shook my head.
‘Come in, leave it on the desk and go,’ I said. The door rattled.
“It’s locked, it’s freaking cold out here and I need coffee.’ she yelled. I sighed again. Her place isn’t supposed to open until nine and I knew if I let her in, I wouldn’t get rid of her until then. I got up anyway, flipped the lock and pulled the door open.
She blew in with the wind and a flurry of snowflakes; Five feet two, long, blonde hair that fell below her shoulders, green eyes that could turn your knees to jelly and a cute dimple in her left cheek. Steph is every man’s dream and she likes me. So why are we not an item? Blame my ex. She gives lessons to blood sucking vampire leeches. I was her last victim and believed in the old adage about once bitten twice shy. But that’s another story. 
‘Steph, I’m busy,’ I said.
She laughed.
‘You got no clients, Mr. Private Eye,’ she answered.
‘I have one,’ I replied patiently. ‘And I’m doing the report for her now. If I can get it to her today I get to pay the county for taking my sewage.’
‘Come poop at my place,’ she replied with a grin as she put a large bag on my desk. God she looked cute all bundled up against the weather and I felt myself weakening. I summoned all my resolve to reply.
‘I have to finish this report…’ 
Steph pouted then sighed dramatically. ‘And I have two country big breakfasts with a couple of extra hash browns…’
I had not eaten for about seventeen hours. I could smell the hash browns and the sausage gravy. My resolve crumbled.
‘If I get paid today I’ll buy you breakfast tomorrow,’ I said reaching for the bag.
Fifteen minutes later we were done. I sat back and licked the last of the gravy from my fingers.
‘You know, Steph,’ I said, ‘you really know how to look after a guy. You’re going to make someone really happy one day.’
Putting one hand to her throat and the back of her other to her forehead, Steph pretended to feel faint. In her best, dramatic, Old South accent said,
‘Why Suh! Are ya’ll proposin’?’
‘Nope, I all am not proposing,’ I replied. ‘I’m going to wash this grease off my hands and then I’m going to finish that report. You all can get your pretty little tail over to your own place.’
She put her tongue out at me.
‘Not till I finish my coffee,’ she replied. ‘Ain’t no hurry, nobody’s going to come out to get their hair fixed in this weather and you aren’t exactly stacked out with customers.’
I went to the bathroom, did what I needed to and then washed up. I was thinking about Steph. We were friends, we had been for a while. We shared breakfast, she scrounged coffee and we talked about anything and everything but that’s all. I liked her. Hell, I really liked her but after my ex nearly bankrupted me in the divorce, I was very wary. Besides, I told myself, I was afraid of ruining a good friendship. I looked at my reflection in the bathroom mirror. A tall, slim, dark haired, blue-eyed, guy in his early thirties stared back at me. I shook my head, ‘Face it dumbass,’ I muttered, ‘you aren’t afraid of ruining a friendship, you’re just plain afraid.’ 
At that moment, I heard the phone ringing. Hurriedly, I dried my hands and opened the door into the office in time to hear Steph speak.
‘Good morning,’ she said into the phone, ‘West Teays Investigation, Stephanie speaking. How may I direct your call?’
I closed my eyes and shook my head slowly. She sounded just like a real receptionist should.
‘I’m afraid Mr. Witton is pretty tied up today,’ she said after a brief pause. ‘I can check his schedule for you if you wish. What time were you hoping for?’
I hurried to the desk frantically waving my hands in front of my face and mouthing the word ‘No!’ at her. This sounded like a prospective client and she was going to lose him or her. Steph stuck her tongue out at me again and swiveled the chair until she was facing away from me. 
‘It would seem you are in luck, sir,’ she said after a moment. ‘Mr. Witton’s nine-thirty missed his connection in Washington and has had to reschedule but he does have another appointment at ten.’
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes again.
‘And what name shall I give him?’ Steph went on smoothly. She waited a moment and then jotted something down on the corner of a piece of scrap paper. ‘Thank you Mr. Wendover,’ she continued. ‘We’ll look forward to seeing you then.’
She replaced the phone, grinned at me and finished her coffee.
‘You,’ I said with feeling, ‘are going to be the death of me.’ 
She stood up and reached for her coat.
‘Nah,’ she denied. ‘I’ll make your fortune yet.’ She flicked up her hood. It made her look about seventeen. ‘I’m going to open up now, you better get some fresh coffee on. You have William J. Wendover coming at nine-thirty.’ She paused and her brow furrowed in a frown. ‘Now why is that name familiar?’
‘Because you just spoke to him and he told you it?’ I queried. She snorted.
‘You,’ she said, ‘are a rotten tail. Put that coffee pot on. Billy Wendover sounds like money to me and if he is I want to hear all about it and I want a percentage.’
‘You’ll get something,’ I promised darkly as I watched her hips gyrate to the door. She paused, pouted and blew me a kiss.
‘Promises, promises,’ she said huskily. I waved her away and she grinned. ‘See you later, Honey.’ I was not listening. William J. Wendover had sounded familiar to me too but Billy Wendover sounded even more so yet I couldn’t recall where I’d heard either name.

I was still puzzling about it thirty minutes later when the door opened. A big black guy stood there. Dressed in a grey suit with a white shirt and dark tie he was not so very tall but was broad across the chest and shoulders. I was still working on the Watson report and didn't appreciate the interruption. I looked up.
‘May I help you?’ I said.
‘Mr. Witton?’ he asked. I nodded.
‘That’s me,’ I replied.
‘One moment please,’ he said and disappeared out into the snow again. There was a big black car parked at the curb. It would not have got in there if the weather had been better, the parking lot gets crowded most days. A moment later he was back and holding the door open for another man. This one was white, maybe seventy years old. His face was gaunt, pale and drawn. His head was completely bald, no hair, no eyebrows. He walked with a cane and I found myself rising to my feet when I saw him. The black guy followed him in, closed the door and stood with his back to it.
I walked around the desk and pulled what I called my clients’ chair out. I held out my hand. 
‘Mr. Wendover?’ I asked.
He ignored my hand and sank down in the chair as if he was terminally weary. I moved back behind the desk. Already I didn’t like him. There was no reason, just instinct I guess. I didn’t speak again but just sat and returned his look. After perhaps half a minute he nodded.
‘Do you know who I am, Mr. Witton?’ he asked. I shrugged,
‘William J. Wendover is the name I have,’ I replied.
‘And it means nothing to you,’ he said with certainty. I shrugged again. Like I said the name was familiar but I didn’t know why. Not that I was going to tell him that. My policy is always to let the client do the talking, that way you learn more and give away less.
‘Good,’ he said. ‘That is as it should be. I will not bore you with a list of my interests. Suffice it to say they are numerous. I own pop stars and oil tankers, coalmines and airlines. I also own many things in between. If I say jump none of my people ask how high, they just jump as high as they can and keep jumping until I say stop.’
I gave him a third shrug and pointedly looked at my watch. I like money, who doesn’t? I didn’t like having it shoved in my face though and this guy seemed to be doing just that. I felt it was time he became aware of that.
‘That’s very nice but you don’t own me, Mr. Wendover. I’m not one of your people and I’m not for sale although, unlike you, I do have to make a living and am willing to be hired. So, if we could get down to why you are here?’
He laughed, a short, barking sound that ended in a cough. When he recovered he leaned forward.
‘No, Mr. Witton, I don’t own you,’ he said, ‘but I do want to hire you.’
I had my elbows on the desk and made a pyramid of my fingers under my chin. Here we go, I thought, He’s a rich old dude, got a trophy wife forty years younger than him and she’s screwing the gardener, or the pool boy, or maybe the chauffeur. I glanced over to the black guy leaning on the door and mentally crossed the last one off the list.
‘Why?’ I asked. He smiled.
‘Because I want a specific kind of man, I asked some people who know about these things and your name came up,’ he said.
‘In what context?’ I asked.
‘I need a good investigator, an honest one,’ he said. ‘I need someone who won’t be afraid to tell the truth. I was told that was you.’ He paused and then added, ‘I was also told that if I ordered you to jump you’d tell me to go screw myself.’
I nodded. That was almost exactly the scenario that had got me thrown out of the police. I was an honest cop and a dishonest one said to jump. I didn’t, I hit him instead. Mind you, I was surprised to hear this old man being so crude. Somehow, the words didn’t seem to fit him.
‘Who recommended me?’ I asked curiously. I wanted to know who to thank, or maybe who cuss out, later.
‘Supreme Court Justice Henderson,’ he replied. Now that was a surprise. Bob Henderson was a judge when I was a cop, we’d clashed on several occasions. I’d have to think about this but for now I was getting more curious, Henderson owed me no favors and Supreme Court justices don’t usually get involved with divorces.
‘And what is it you want me to do, Mr. Wendover?’ I asked. He hesitated as if unsure how to go on then he took an envelope from his inside pocket and held it in his boney hand.
‘You didn’t recognize my name, Mr. Witton,’ he said. ‘Do you know the name Trevor Lloyd Morden?’
I don’t watch a lot of T.V. news and I rarely read a newspaper but it would have been virtually impossible for anyone to miss the fuss about Trevor Lloyd Morden. I grimaced at the memory.
‘If I remember right he was executed in Ohio a couple of weeks ago. The news was full of it. Didn’t the protesters cause a near riot outside the prison?’
‘They did,’ he confirmed, his voice bitter with contempt. ‘The so-called do-gooders never think of what these people have done or of those they have hurt. Do you know for what crime Morden was executed?’
I shook my head. I should know, I’m sure the news was full of it but for some reason it had not registered with me.
‘No,’ I replied, ‘I’m afraid I don’t.’
‘He was executed for the rape and murder of a twenty year old girl.’ His voice was flat and even, totally lacking in any trace of emotion. ‘The victim was my daughter, my only daughter.’
I was shocked. From his tone it was as if the guy were saying someone just scratched his car. No, it was worse than that. He’d probably show more emotion if his ride was hurt. This man was displaying no feelings at all. Even so I thought I ought to make the right noises.
‘I’m sorry,’ I said. ‘It must be very painful for you…’
‘It was a long time ago,’ he interrupted me. ‘Billy Jo would have been forty years old this coming May.’
‘I see,’ I said. I was lying, I didn’t see. I was confused. I had no idea what this emaciated, emotionless old man was doing in my office, no hint of what he wanted from me. Surprisingly enough he seemed to sense this or maybe he just got tired of beating around the bush and told me the story.
‘Morden took Billy Jo on March thirtieth, nineteen eighty-eight. He raped her, he beat her then he stabbed her fifteen times and left her to die.’
Again there was a complete lack of emotion in his voice. He might just have well been describing a trip to the store. I said nothing and he continued.
‘He was captured in the Wayne National Forest the next day without a fight. He claimed he was innocent but the evidence was overwhelming. The jury was only out for an hour and the judge sentenced him to death in September of ’eighty-eight. He appealed five times between then and now and he lost them all.’
He paused and I nodded. Of course the guy lost his appeals, they’d just pumped his ass full of lethal drugs hadn’t they?
‘He lost his appeals,’ he continued, ‘because I was determined my daughter’s murderer would die. I hired the best people I could get. At times there were thirty lawyers and paralegals working on this for me and last month he finally got what he deserved.’
The more he told me the more my confusion increased. His daughter was murdered, the guy who did it paid the ultimate price so why was he sitting in my office telling me all this? What did he want from me? A glance at the corner of my computer screen told me he’d already been there thirty minutes. That was fine if he was a client, I could bill him for it later but at the moment he was just delaying me billing Mrs. Watson and I needed that fee. I cleared my throat.
‘As I said you have my sympathy,’ I replied, ‘and if there is anything I can do to ease your hurt then please tell me.’
‘There is,’ he said. I raised my eyebrows questioningly. ‘You can prove he did it.’ Wendover finished. I was stunned. That was the last thing I expected him to ask me to do.
‘But the court did that,’ I blurted out. ‘In fact the court did it six times over if you count the appeals. Why would you want to pay me to do it again?’
‘Because,’ he replied softly, ‘I need to be certain he did.’
I almost laughed. This guy was quite plainly off his rocker and the sooner he got out of my office the better. I sat back in my chair. Looking him straight in the eye I said,
‘Forgive me Mr. Wendover, but isn’t it a little late for that? The man is dead. He had a trial. He had five appeals. No one had a doubt or he wouldn’t have died, no one gave him clemency. You yourself have had what I presume was a very professional legal team on his case for twenty years. Surely if there was any room for doubt someone would have noticed and said something. If you had doubts yourself, why did you ensure his appeals failed?’
He grimaced and I had a sudden inkling that this man might be in pain. After a moment he took a deep breath.
‘From the day he was arrested until the day he died I had no doubt in my mind that Trevor Morden was guilty,’ he said. I raised my hands and looked at him questioningly. ‘But then,’ he continued, ‘the day after he was executed someone told me he did not do it and now I need to know the truth.’
‘Who told you that?’ I asked, ‘And why should you believe them?’
‘I didn’t say I believe him,’ Wendover replied. ‘The only reason I have even considered the possibility is because he told me himself. Twenty four hours after he was executed Trevor Lloyd Morden told me he was innocent.’
For a moment I hesitated and then I laughed. I didn’t mean to but I don’t believe in ghosts and this was too ludicrous for words.
‘I’m sorry,’ I apologized. ‘That was very rude of me but I don’t see how what you are saying is possible. There can be no doubt Morden died in that prison. There must have been thirty witnesses including a couple of doctors, he couldn’t have spoken to you the day after.’
My laughter didn’t throw him at all. He waited patiently until I had finished and then held out the envelope he’d taken from his pocket.
‘He didn’t speak to me,’ he said. ‘He wrote to me from his cell a couple of hours before he died. Someone smuggled the letter out and sent it on to me. I’d like you to read it.’
Straight away I was curious. It was very rare for a convicted murderer to be able to communicate with his victim’s family and, if he did, it would only be through official channels. I reached out and took the letter, being careful only to touch the envelope by the edges.
‘You’re sure this is from him?’ I asked. He nodded.
‘As far as my lawyers can tell it is. The writing seems to be his.’
‘Has it been checked for fingerprints?’ He shook his head. ‘How many people have handled it?’ I asked. Again he shook his head.
‘I don’t know,’ he confessed. ‘There are perhaps two or three at my office, myself and my lawyer…’
‘Did you send it to your lawyer or did he come to you?’ He looked bemused.
‘I sent it.’ From experience, I’d say that for every person he thought had seen and handled it there were probably five or six more.
‘So we have half a dozen at the mail office, the same at your place, who knows how many at the couriers and probably as many again at your lawyers.’
‘Does it matter?’ he asked. I shrugged.
‘It might have proved useful to have been able to talk to the guy who posted it. Morden sure as hell didn’t pop out to the post office. He gave it to someone to mail and presumably they didn’t do it out of good will, he paid them something for doing it.’ I paused, ‘With so many unknowns handling it though the chances of forensics getting anything from it are pretty slim but if it’s necessary we’ll try.’
Using a pencil I lifted the flap on the envelope and still only touching the edges I shook the letter out. It was a single sheet torn from a notebook and written in pencil. Again I used my own pencil to unfold it. It was short and there was no sender’s address. It said:

Wendover,
I guess you think you won. That bastard Townsend just told me the governor said no to the clemency plea. In a couple of hours you get what you wanted all these years and I’ll be gone to meet my maker. That’s ok. They aint never going to let me out and I’m tired of being locked up. I done a lot of things in my time and I guess theres some justice in me being behind bars but there ain’t none in whats going to happen so before I go I got to set some things straight.
You can call this my death bed confession if you want. I hear them things is valid in court. Or maybe you can call it a un-confession since I’m not confessing to nothing. Like I said, you think you won but old Lloyds going to die so I got no reason to lie. I’m telling you one last time I never killed Billy Jo. I had her sure enough, I had her dozens of times and it was real good but she was always willing and it wernt me as killed her. By the time you get this there’ll be nobody left for you to hate but him as killed her and he’ll still be out there someplace. I just hope you can sleep at night knowing that.

It was signed Lloyd Morden. I read it through twice and then raised my eyes to look at the old man sitting opposite me.
‘I see,’ I said. ‘You believe this?’
‘Most of me doesn’t,’ he replied, ‘but there’s a tiny nagging voice that keeps asking what if he was telling the truth.’
‘What about your lawyers? What do they say?’
He sighed,
‘As I said they don’t even ask how high to jump, they just do it. Their expressed opinion is it was a final malicious attempt to get back at me by a man who had no other way. They even hired a criminal profiling expert who naturally agrees with them. He used big words but just said Morden was a sick mind and that this,’ he gestured at the letter, ‘was his last vindictive act.’ He paused for a second or two and then added, ‘My concern is that they are just saying it because they think it’s what I want to hear.’
‘And so you’ve come to me,’ I said. He nodded.
‘That’s right,’ he agreed. ‘I want someone who is honest, who’ll investigate and who’ll tell me what he finds no matter whAt it is.’
‘What exactly do you want me to investigate, Mr. Wendover?’ I asked. I indicated the letter, ‘Do you want me to look into this? To see if it’s genuine? To find out how he got it to you?’’
‘That’s part of it,’ he replied, ﾐbut I want more, much more.’ He hesitated then looked me straight an the eyes and said,16‘I will pay you fifty thousand dollars plus expenses to start from scratch and confirm that Morden killed my daughter.’
‘And if I find out he didn’t?’
‘Then I will pay you the same again to find out who did and make sure he pays the price.’




Chapter Two

‘So?’
It was about twenty minutes later and Steph was back. She watched for Wendover to leave and then she scooted over without even bothering to put a coat on.
‘So?’ I mimicked. ‘So you’ll catch your death going out dressed like that,’ I told her.
‘Yeah, whatever. You sound just like my mother,’ she replied impatiently as she perched on the corner of my desk. ‘Now tell me what happened. That was Wendover wasn’t it? What did he want? Was it a case? Did you take it? A divorce? His wife’s younger than him, isn’t she?’
I sighed. Steph is cute when she gets excited. She’s really cute all the time but particularly when she’s excited. I just can’t resist teasing her a little.
‘Yes, can’t say, yes, yes, no and no,’ I said. She frowned.
‘What?’ she said.
I grinned at her.
‘Just answering your questions,’ I replied. ‘Yes it was Wendover, I can’t say what he wanted, yes it is a case, yes I took it, no its not a divorce and no his wife isn’t younger than him. In fact she’s been dead nearly thirty years.’
‘Aw, come on,’ she protested. ‘I answered the durned phone for you. I got the dude to come in while it was snowing. Without me, you’d probably not have the case. That means I’m practically a partner. You owe me.’
‘Shouldn’t you be over your own place taking care of business instead of over here bothering me?’ I asked.
‘I got two girls over there sitting on their asses waiting for customers; they can take care of anyone crazy enough to come out in this weather so stop being such a rotten tail and tell me what happened.’
I could tell she was getting exasperated and to tell the truth I wanted to talk about it, just to get the facts straight in my own mind.
‘Okay,’ I said, ‘pour the coffee and I’ll tell you.’
So I did. I repeated the conversation more or less word for word. I told her what Wendover was like and I showed her the copy of the letter I’d made. She didn’t interrupt until I told her how much the man had said he would pay me.
‘Fifty grand?’ she said. ‘Fifty freakin’ grand? Even after my cut that’s still more than you made the whole of last year.’
I raised my eyebrows.
‘Your cut?’ I queried. ‘Where does this ‘your cut’ business come in?’
‘I answered the phone…’
‘Yeah,’ I interrupted, ‘two minutes work. Let’s see, minimum wage for a receptionist is say, seven dollars twenty-five cents an hour. That’s a dollar twelve every ten minutes. I guess I owe you a quarter.’
I was joking of course. After listening to what Wendover had to say I was well aware Steph had not influenced him into coming to me with the job but I would thank her later, anyway. Maybe I’ll get her flowers and dinner or something. She wasn’t smiling now though. Her eyes held mine as she spoke.
‘I’ll take it,’ she said. She’d lost me. I had no idea what she was talking about.
‘Take what?’
‘The minimum wage job.’
I laughed but I could see she was serious.
‘Don’t be a dumbass,’ I said. ‘You got your own business. You make more than I ever will. You don’t need to work for me.’
‘No, I don’t,’ she agreed, ‘but I got two girls over there who can handle my business, without any trouble.’ She paused and then added, ‘Besides, ever since I was a little kid I’ve always wanted to be a private eye. I’ll even work for free if you don’t want to pay me.’
She really meant it. It was in her eyes. Some people get like that about things. I was the same myself. When I graduated high school I wanted to be a marine. My dad wanted me to go to college but I enlisted. The Gulf War cured me of that and when I got out I wanted to be a cop. I still did, but this is as close as I can get now. There is no doubt Steph would be a distraction and a temptation. On the practical side this was a twenty year old case, I was going to have to wade through a hell of a lot of old records and she could help with that. I made my decision.
‘Ok,’ I said, ‘if you’re sure you want it the job’s yours.’
She grinned, leaned over the desk and kissed me on the forehead. That’s exactly what I meant when I said she could be a distraction. I already found her very attractive. She was beautiful, smart, witty and funny but I couldn’t afford to get involved. I decided to nip it in the bud at the very start. ‘And there’ll be no more of that,’ I told her. ‘This is strictly business.’ She laughed and threw me a mock salute.
‘Sir, yes sir,’ she mocked. Then her face became serious. ‘Okay,’ she continued, ‘what’s the first move boss?’
‘The first move,’ I growled, ‘is for you to show some proper respect if you don’t want to get fired.’ I paused then gave her a smile. ‘The second move is for you to go sort out what you’re going to do with your business while you’re over here playing amateur cop. While you do that, I have to go to see Mrs. Rick Watson and give her the evidence that’ll let her screw every last red cent out of Mr. Rick Watson.’
‘The business is already sorted,’ Steph replied. ‘I knew you’d say yes so I arranged everything with Carol earlier. She’s going to manage the place and I’ll only get involved if there’s a problem.’ She grinned. ‘That means I can start work straight away boss.’
I sighed. I had a feeling I was being outmaneuvered all along the line, but for some reason I really did not mind.
I got Steph to look over my report and she found two or three grammatical errors. It read fine to me the way it was, but her way seemed to flow easier. I let her change them and then got her to phone Mrs. Watson. I figured if Rick answered he wouldn’t get suspicious about a woman calling his wife whereas a guy’s voice might start him wondering. As it turned out he wasn’t at home and my client answered. It made me feel kind of good to listen to Steph announcing herself as my secretary and making an appointment for us to deliver the report in an hour.
It took us that long to get there and both of us were impressed by the house. It was set in about twenty acres and we reached it via a long, curving, gravel drive. Built of red brick with black trim on white, it was huge, at least half a dozen bedrooms, each with its own bath I guessed. 
Our reception was less impressive. Mrs. Watson answered our knock herself. She wore a thick layer of makeup but even so, you could see how flushed her face was and she had an expression that boded ill for any who crossed her. When she opened the door it let out a waft of warm air laden with the sweet-sour odor of wine. 
‘Who’s she?’ were her first, aggressive words as she glared at Steph. It didn’t strike me until later but then I realized maybe she thought I’d actually brought Amber along with me. Whatever went through her mind, her attitude rankled with me.
‘My partner, Ms Taylor ,’ I replied. ‘She’s been working on the file too and she’s here in case you require clarification on anything.’
Mrs. Watson snorted her disgust, pulled a face and, with ill grace, stepped back so we could enter.
The room she took us to was a small living room. It was over-furnished, the wallpaper bore a pattern too large for the room size and it screamed bad fashion sense. We sat on a low, chesterfield couch and Mrs. Watson sat in an armchair facing us across a glass-topped coffee table. There was a large wine glass part filled with what smelled like some kind of white wine on the table but she offered us no refreshment.
She demanded I took her through every word and picture in the report. She wanted to know everything. What I’d seen them doing, where they had done it, how many times, everything. She drank steadily throughout the session.
To say she took it badly is understating it. Sara Price Watson is scary when she loses it and when I finished she lost it big time. She shouted, she screamed, she threatened violence, she threw things and she sobbed uncontrollably. It took nearly half an hour and two refills of the wine glass to calm her down enough so that we could get a check out of her and take our leave.  I told her the contents of the report meant Rick was unlikely to defend any divorce case although why the guy would want to defend it is beyond me. If I’d made the mistake of marrying Mrs. Watson, I’d have welcomed any chance of a divorce. Finally, I said if it did come to a court hearing I would be available to give evidence. That’s when she lost it again.
‘If the stinking son of a bitch tries to lie his way out of it I’ll kill him,’ she screamed, her face red with rage. ‘And I’ll get that little whore he’s been screwing too. I’ll make sure she never gets her hands on anyone else’s husband again.’ 
We let ourselves out.
When we were back in my car Steph let her breath out in a low whistle. She stared at me wide eyed for perhaps half a minute and then laughed shakily.
‘Are they all like that?’ she asked in wonder. I shook my head.
‘No,’ I replied. ‘People’s reactions differ. I’ve seen them get awful mad and I’ve seen them so calm it’s unbelievable. I’ve seen them totally bewildered and I’ve even seen them sad and crying a little. She’s the first one I’ve ever seen so drunk and so out of control she’s dangerous.’
Steph looked at her watch.
‘Drunk and its only twenty after one. Lucky she doesn’t have kids.’
‘They do,’ I told her. ‘They have a son, Ryan. He’s older than Rick’s girlfriend.’
Steph’s expression became anxious.
‘Shouldn’t we warn him?’ she asked, ‘Its bad enough leaving her like that, Lord knows what he’ll walk into if she carries on drinking.’ She hesitated a moment then said, ‘Maybe we should warn Rick too. I’d hate for her to be waiting for him with a gun when he got home.’
I pulled a face.
‘Ryan’s at Marshall; he lives with some aunt and uncle in Huntington and doesn’t get home much. Ethically we aren’t supposed to talk to Rick. His wife is my client so I couldn’t speak to him anyway and now you’re working with me you shouldn’t either.’ I let it hang there for a minute while I pulled the car off the drive and back on route thirty-four.  She was right though. Sara Watson was dangerous and someone needed to warn Rick. ‘Anyway,’ I added, ‘his cell phone number is in the back of the file, and I can’t look it up because I’m driving.’
One thing you can say about Steph is the girl is smart. She knew what I was hinting at. A few minutes later when I stopped for gas, she looked in the back of the file and said she was going to the restroom. She spent less than thirty seconds on the phone.  I didn’t ask who she called, and we never mentioned it again. I think maybe she saved Rick’s life.
After getting gas we went to the bank and cashed the check. There was no way I was going to give my client time to get mad enough or drunk enough to cancel it; I’d worked too long and hard to earn it. 
It was well after two o’clock when we got back to the office, too late to go anywhere or do anything on the Wendover case except to set a few wheels in motion. I tried explaining this to Steph and she looked puzzled.
‘You mean that’s it?’ she asked. ‘We’re done for the day?’ I sighed. 
‘No, we’re not done,’ I replied. ‘It seems to me there are two aspects to this case. There’s the now bit. That’s the letter and everything to do with it, like who wrote it, why they wrote it, who smuggled it out, why etc. Then there’s the twenty-year-old bit. Billy Jo Wendover was studying at Marshall, but she lived in a place in Sybene, that’s why it was an Ohio case. I need to see the original police file on her murder and if a certain old friend is willing to help I might call in a favor or two to get it. The letter bit is going to be harder. It came from the prison and I have no contacts there, we’re going to have to go through channels. You can start on that by finding the number. I think it’s called the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility.’
‘Kind of a final form of correction,’ Steph said. I shrugged.
‘All the executions are there. It’s in Lucasville. Since Morden wrote the letter the night before his execution, he was there. Before that, he was probably in the Ohio State Pen at Youngstown. Anyhow, ask for a meeting with the warden. Whoever you speak to will want to know what its about and when you tell them they’ll say no but you can try.’

For some reason Craig Roberts has always been called Buddy. He is a State Trooper based in Lawrence County and working out of Ironton, Ohio. We met when we were both rookies and he came over to deliver some papers to my old captain on a case we were investigating. Buddy had to hang around for a reply so, being the rookie myself, I got the job of taking him to the canteen while he waited. I like my java and we got talking. It wasn’t long before we found his story was similar to mine, in fact during Desert Storm we had crossed the Saudi border into Kuwait almost within seeing distance of each other. We had a lot in common and he was a likeable guy. Buddy and I had been buddies ever since although I hadn’t spoken to him in a while.
Surprisingly I could remember his cell phone number and I tried that first. It rang twice.
‘Roberts.’ The social graces were never his strong points.
‘Can you tell me where I can find a proper policeman?’ I asked.
‘Dean!’ His pleasure was obvious from the way he said my name. ‘How the hell are you? Where you been? How come you don’t phone no more?’
‘Jeez!’ I interrupted. ‘You sound like my ex-wife. Where you been? How come you don’t phone, blah, blah, blah.’
‘I wouldn’t marry you if you’s the last guy on this planet,’ he told me.
‘Good,’ I answered. ‘How are you Buddy?’
‘I’m good, I’m good,’ he replied. ‘A little greyer, a little fatter but good.’
‘And Marie and the kids?’
‘They’re good. We’re all good. You’ll have to come over for dinner with us, and bring a date. You can still get a date can’t you?’
I looked at Steph. She was talking on her cell phone and had a serious expression on her face, but she still looked ten years younger than she actually was.
‘Yes,’ I said into the phone. ‘Yes, I think I can manage that.’
‘Great,’ he replied. ‘So how are you doing? How’s the private dick business?’
‘So-so,’ I told him. ‘That’s why I’m calling actually. I just got a case and was wondering if maybe you could help me out a little.’
‘I should have known,’ he said. ‘You only call me if you need something. What is it? Fifty? A hundred?’
I laughed.
‘No, not cash this time. I want something else, something that’s a little outside the rules. If you can’t do it just tell me no and I’ll try someplace else.’
The bantering tone had gone from his voice when he answered. Buddy was a good cop. Like all of us he thought some of the rules were too restrictive and prevented us from doing our duty but he didn’t usually break them.
‘Okay, Dean,’ he said. ‘What is it?’
‘I have a job,’ I told him. ‘It involves a crime that occurred in your area about twenty years ago. It was a murder so the victim is dead and so is the perp. I need to see the original file on it.’
‘It went to court?’
‘It did. The guy was found guilty and was executed last month.’
‘Morden,’ he replied. I was surprised. He must have still been in high school or maybe still in junior high when Billy Jo Wendover was killed. There was no way he could have had any part in the case.
‘How’d you know that?’ I asked.
‘They bussed extra troops in when the execution date came round. We got the offer but I didn’t go. Besides, every so often some lawyer or other comes round trying to dig things up, presumably for the appeals. We thought that might stop now but here you are doing the same thing.’ He hesitated and then asked, ‘Why can’t you apply for the court docs? They’re part of the public record.’
‘That’ll take forever,’ I replied, ‘You know how slow the machinery grinds and besides, all I’ll get is the cleaned up version. I’d like to see all the crud as well.’
‘Who are you working for?’ It was a fair question. All the principle people involved were dead. The case should be dead too.
‘The victim’s father.’
‘Why? What’s he want? The perp’s dead and ain’t nothing going to bring his girl back.’
So, I told him about the letter. I said Wendover had a doubt about Morden’s guilt and wanted me to re-investigate the whole case.
‘Way I heard it, he made sure they pumped Morden full of them drugs. Most of the lawyers who kept coming round were his. He fought them appeals for years, why’d this letter spook him now?’
‘Who knows? All I can tell you is he’s spooked.’ I hesitated and then said, ‘The guy’s sick, you can tell just by looking at him. I don’t think he’s got long and I figure he wants to make doubly sure whoever murdered his daughter pays for it. I guess the ideal solution from his point of view would be for me to take a look at it and tell him it was definitely Morden, but to do that I need to start by seeing the file.’
There was a silence for several seconds then Buddy gave a long sigh. 
‘Witton,’ he said, ‘you’re askin’ a lot.’
‘I know,’ I agreed. I was asking him to risk his job and his pension by copying an official document and giving it to someone who was not authorized to have it. Again there was the silence. Finally, he sighed again.
‘Tomorrow,’ he said, ‘at eleven. Cross the River and meet me at Sam’s in South Point. I’ll be on the parking lot.’
‘Thanks Buddy,’ I said gratefully.
‘Umph.’ Was all he replied then he broke the connection.
Steph had also finished her call and I could tell by the smug expression on her face that she’d had more success than I expected. I looked at her sitting on the edge of my desk, golden hair tumbling around her shoulders, sexy green eyes looking back at me and I wondered again whether I shouldn’t mix business with pleasure. With an effort, I shook the thought off. I leaned back in my chair.
‘Okay, I can tell you got something. Spill it,’ I said. She grinned and that dimple appeared in her left cheek.
‘Yes boss,’ she replied. ‘I called the prison. It was worse than you said. At first they wouldn’t put me through to anybody, told me they'd closed the Morden file and they were not going to make any sort of statement about it. The woman on the phone tried to fob me off with the number of some guy in public relations at the Justice Department.’ She paused.
‘And?’ I prompted.
‘And so I told her that our client had been traumatized due to a failure in their security system. I said not only would we take the story to the papers, we were gathering evidence for his lawyers in case he wanted to sue the prison, the warden, the guards and probably her.’
I laughed, the idea of Steph talking tough to some female prison guard struck me as funny somehow.
‘And what did that get you?’
‘It got me through to the assistant warden. Apparently the warden isn’t around at any time this week but the assistant, a guy called Harding, will see us on Thursday at nine.’ She flushed a little. ‘Or rather he said he’d see me. I told him I’d bring one of our operatives along as an escort.’ She smirked,  ‘The operative, that’s you,’ she finished.
Before I could tell her she’d got a goddamed nerve and I was thinking of firing her again, the phone rang. I looked at her and raised my eyebrows.
‘You want me to get that boss?’  I asked, putting as much sarcasm as possible into the word ‘boss’. She laughed
‘Please do,’ she replied airily. ‘If it’s anyone lower than the President tell ’em I’m out.’
I grimaced at her and picked up the phone. Before I could speak a voice screamed at me.
‘You bastard!’ it said. ‘You warned that son of a bitch not to come home, didn’t you?’ 
It was Sara Watson.
‘Excuse me?’ I replied, automatically flipping the switch that recorded the call.
‘You called him,’ she screeched. ‘You called the two-timing piece of shit and you told him I knew all about him and his whore.’
“Mrs. Watson…’ I tried to interrupt the stream of filth and venom.
‘Don’t deny it,’ she yelled. ‘You called him and you told him I was waiting for him. If you hadn’t done that he’d have come home and I’d have had him. I’m so going to get you for this. I’m going to get your fucking license pulled. Don’t try cashing that check, I’m not paying you anything and I’m going to make sure you aren’t going to work here ever again!’
She paused for a breath and I took my opportunity.
‘Mrs. Watson,’ I said hurriedly, ‘I presume you mean your husband didn’t come home. If you do, then I can assure you it’s nothing to do with me. I have never spoken to him…’ Which was true but she wasn’t listening.
‘Liar!’ she screamed and broke the connection.
Steph’s eyes had grown wide as she listened. Sara Watson’s voice had been so loud she had heard every word. Now, she just stared and slowly shook her head. 
‘Wow,’ she managed when she eventually found her voice. Then again, ‘Wow.’
I nodded.
‘Yeah.’ I agreed.
‘She’s a nut,’ Steph said. ‘The woman is totally freakin’ nuts. I’m really glad you were the boss and not me when we had her case.’
‘The woman is a drunken nut but I’m not worried about her.’
Her forehead creased in puzzlement.
‘You’re not?’ she said. ‘Why’s that?’
‘Because if she starts getting scary I can always tell her it was you who made the call that warned Rick off.’
She slid off the desk and put her tongue out at me.
‘You cashed her check. If she puts a stop on it you’ll be in hock for what ever you charged her.’
‘Six and a half grand,’ I said thoughtfully. I doubted Mrs. Watson would stop the check. We had a contract, I’d done the job and she had to pay for my time. If she was crazy enough to try to wriggle out of it, I had the ten grand retainer Wendover had given me. That would cover it at the bank and I would sue her fat ass for the fee back.
‘Lotta money,’ Steph said.
‘I can cover it,’ I told her.
‘In that case,’ she said, ‘I’m going over to my own place to close up and then I’m going home. I got some chicken dumplings ready if you want to come by later.’
It was tempting. It was so very tempting. A guy can only live for so long on burgers, Chinese food and pizza but I wanted to go through the Watson file again to make sure there was nothing Mrs. Watson could complain about. Anyway, I still had this tiny voice at the back of my brain telling me to be careful with Steph.
‘I’ll take a rain check on that, if it’s okay,’ I told her. ‘I got a few things I need to do round here tonight.’
She shrugged, picked up her coat and put it on. Flicking her hair back over her shoulders emphasized the shape of her breasts under her fluffy top and I had to swallow hard.
‘Ok, but don’t leave it too long,’ she warned. ‘A girl can only get turned down so many times before she starts to get the message the guy isn’t interested.’
She opened the door and I nodded, she'd given the warning and I'd noted it.
‘See you tomorrow,’ I said but she had gone.




Chapter Three

The snow turned to rain overnight and then, around dawn, the temperature dropped and it froze. The highways were okay but the smaller roads were like ice-skating rinks. So were the bridges, and there are a lot of bridges on I-64 going into Huntington. We came off the highway at Hal Greer Blvd and drove through town to cross the river into Chesapeake. I’d been there on several occasions, but not for a while. I wanted to get a feel for Sybene, the place where Billy Jo Wendover had lived and died, but I didn’t have the exact address yet and the small mid-western town was like a hundred others along the Ohio. 
As we cruised along the snow covered Third Avenue Steph shivered.
‘Its cold out there and I’m hungry,’ she said. I grunted. My mind was elsewhere. ‘I bought yesterday. It’s your turn to get breakfast,’ she continued. Again, I grunted. I’m not that much of a breakfast person unless I’m really hungry. ‘There’s a Bob Evans just down the road,’ she persisted. I sighed and looked sideways at her. It was plain she was not going to give up. 
‘Is that all you ever think about?’ I asked, ‘Just your stomach?’
‘Nope,’ she replied, ‘I’m into sex too but right now I’m hungry.’
I had to grin. Looking at my watch I saw we still had over an hour before we got to meet Buddy. I needed coffee, Mrs. Watson’s money was in my wallet and I guess I did owe Steph breakfast.
‘Okay,’ I said as I followed third toward U.S.52, ‘Bob Evans it is, but if you order grits I swear I’m going to make you sit at a separate table.’
She did order grits and I didn’t make her sit separately. I got sausage, fried eggs, toast and coffee. I have no idea what fancy name they gave to Steph’s breakfast, but it had a lot of bacon, scrambled eggs, home fries, pancakes and syrup and then she ordered the grits on the side. These she doused in butter and syrup. To drink she asked for unsweetened ice tea.
‘Unsweetened?’ I queried. ‘What kind of southerner are you?’
‘I’m watching my weight,’ she said quite seriously. I about choked and couldn’t eat for laughing especially when she got all affronted.
‘What?’ she demanded.
When I got my breath back I gestured at her breakfast.
‘Watching your weight?’ I repeated.
‘Rotten tail,’ she said, ‘I am so going to make you eat some of these grits.’ With that she took a spoonful of the stuff and ate it with obvious enjoyment.
The hour passed swiftly. Steph was great company and I hadn’t laughed that much since long before my divorce. I had planned to spend breakfast going over my plan for investigating Wendover’s case but it we never got round to mentioning it. All too quickly my watch said it was ten till and we had to go.

It’s strange but no one seems to want to park by a cop. Buddy Roberts’ patrol car was sitting on the parking lot at Sam’s surrounded by an island of space. I drove round and parked with my hood opposite his trunk  so we could both roll down our windows and talk. The first thing Buddy did was look suspiciously at Steph.
‘Who’s the girl?’ he asked.

‘You said bring a date,’ I replied in an attempt to lighten the atmosphere. Buddy didn’t smile. He was obviously very wary. I was asking him to bend the rules and I’d brought a third party who was a stranger to see him do it.
‘Dean…’ there was a warning in his tone. I gave up my attempts at levity.
‘Steph Taylor, my assistant,’ I said. ‘Steph, this is an old friend of mine, Buddy Roberts.’ Steph leaned right across me and offered her hand through the open window.
‘Hi,’ she said. ‘Pleased to meet you even though it seems I’ve been demoted.’ Buddy raised his eyebrows as he shook. ‘Yesterday I was his partner,’ she explained. ‘Today I’m just the assistant.’ I was trying to pay attention to what they were saying but my mind was very conscious of her left breast pressed against my right arm.
‘Is that right?’ Buddy was actually grinning. ‘Maybe you’re working for the wrong guy. We’re always looking for talent over this side of the river. Quit and come join us.’
‘I might just do that,’ Steph replied. ‘Do you have good benefits?’
‘I bet they’re better’n his.’ Buddy replied. To my relief Steph sat back in her seat and pretend glared at me.
‘There ain’t no benefits working for him,’ she said.
Now her breast wasn’t taking most of my attention I could concentrate.
‘Hey!’ I protested, ‘What about Bob Evans? Wasn’t that a benefit?’
‘No,’ she replied. ‘It was your turn for breakfast anyway.’
I threw my hands up. ‘Enough!’ I said, ‘Next time I go to Buddy’s to eat I’ll take you with me, that’ll teach you to appreciate when you’re well off.’
‘I’ll just repeat that comment for Marie’s benefit when I get home,’ Buddy said. ‘I know she’ll appreciate finding out exactly what you think of her cooking.’
‘That’s not fair!’ I said. ‘I didn’t mean it like that. Marie’s a great cook…’
‘I’m sure she is,’ Steph interrupted. ‘And to show Dean didn’t mean it we’d love to come. Just as soon as you invite us.’
‘Tomorrow?’ Buddy said.
‘That’ll be fine. We’re in Lucasville in the morning but I’m sure we can find something to do for the afternoon, I might even take Dean shopping for some decent pants.’
I though of telling them I was busy and that I didn’t appreciate being railroaded but to be honest I didn’t want to. I’d been thinking of asking Steph to dinner anyway and going to see Buddy, Marie and the kids was probably the easiest first date I could have arranged. So, instead of arguing as they both expected I turned the conversation back to business.
‘Okay,’ I said, ‘No need to gang up on me. It’s a date, so can we please get on with what we are here for.’
Buddy nodded.
‘So I can tell Marie for definite?’ he asked. When you’re beat, you’re beat. I wasn’t going to try to wriggle out of it now. I nodded and sighed.
‘Yeah, yeah,’ I said. ‘Now, do you have anything for us?’
It was Buddy’s turn to nod.
‘Two things,’ he replied. ‘First you got to realize the file is pretty thin. We don’t have the prosecutors file, just the report, the arrest and stuff. There wasn’t much to it. The body was reported in the morning and Morden was arrested within an hour. It was an open and shut case, you’re getting money for nothing because there’s no doubt he did it.’ He paused and then said, ‘Anyway, I copied the file for you. The pics are not so good because they’re on copier paper but you can see the details.’
I held my hand out and he laughed.
‘On a parking lot?’ he said, ‘In front of all these witnesses?’
I shrugged. He was right of course but if he was going to give me the file he had to hand it over somewhere. 
‘Where?’
‘There’s a trash can at the end of this row of parking slots. It has a McDonald’s bag in it. Maybe you could dump some of the trash from your back seat there and pick up the bag at the same time.’ I nodded.
‘Okay,’ I said. ‘We’ll wait till you’re gone.’
‘You got pencil and paper?’ Buddy asked.
‘Right here.’ Steph delved into her purse and produced them.
‘The name is Tom Rikalsky,’ Buddy said. ‘The number is treble five, six one three one. He’s been retired for fifteen years but he’s a good guy and he was the detective working out of Ironton at the time. He made the arrest and can tell you all you want to know.’
‘He’ll talk to us?’
‘Ask him.’ As he spoke he turned the key to start his engine. He smiled at Steph. ‘Nice meeting you,’ he said. ‘See you tomorrow around six thirty. If he tries to wriggle out of it tell him he can never be safe this side of the river again.’
‘If he tries to wriggle out of it he isn’t going to be safe on the other side either,’  she replied.

The McDonald’s bag was right where he said it would be. I collected some of the accumulated garbage from my back seat and dumped it in the trash can, making sure I stood between the can and the cars on the far end of the parking lot. I’m sure no one saw me slip the bag under my coat but just in case I told Steph not to open it until we were well away from Sam’s.
Inside was the sort of cheap plastic folder you can get from any dollar store. Inside that was the police file on the murder of Billy Jo Wendover. I drove the short distance to Lowe’s parking lot and stopped again.
As Buddy had said, for a murder case it was a pretty slim file and after first reading it I couldn’t see how the killer could have been anyone but Morden. The evidence was damning. Someone walking their dog found her body in woods only a few hundred yards from the cabin he was using. The police found her blood on a tarp in the back of his truck. The murder weapon was under the tarp and to top it off the defense asked for a DNA test that rebounded and proved Morden and only Morden had sex with her shortly before she died.
Billy Jo had not been a beauty by any stretch of the imagination, but she made the most of what she had. Her ID picture showed a girl with short, dark hair surrounding an oval face that reminded me of her father. It was something about the nose and the shape of the chin. She wore heavy eye makeup and strangely pale lipstick, probably to attract attention away from cheeks that still bore the scars of bad teenage acne.
That was the best picture of her. The rest were all postmortem, taken where she was found and at the autopsy. They were not pretty. Before handing them to Steph I warned her and told her she didn’t have to look if she didn’t want to. She gave me one of those looks women reserve for men who they think are being silly. Her face was pale when she finished looking at them.
We both read the file. I read each page twice and then passed them to Steph. The postmortem report said that Billy Jo had died from massive hemorrhage after a single knife thrust had severed the carotid artery. There were fourteen other stab wounds of varying severity delivered to the upper torso and face. Several could have proved fatal but it was the neck one that did the damage first. In addition there were defense cuts to the hands and arms. I waited until Steph had finished.
‘What do you think?’ I asked.
‘He did it,’ she replied. ‘The evidence is irrefutable and he had no alibi, no defense. Jeez, the only thing missing was catching him in the act.’
That had been my initial reaction too but after thinking about it I wasn’t so sure. 
‘But they didn’t catch him,’ I told her. ‘They also never found his clothes. Think about it. He dumps the body within yards of where he’s sleeping, he apparently makes no attempt to hide it. He acts real stupid, keeps the knife and the tarp in his truck yet he hides his bloodstained clothes so well they’ve never been found.’
‘Maybe he burned them or they just didn’t look properly,’ she replied. ‘They already had enough on him to ensure a conviction.’ 
‘Then there’s the rape,’ I said. ‘Morden admitted having sex with her but said she agreed to it. The medical examiner only noted two small bruises on her thigh and no other evidence of forced sex. And there’s the fact she was fully dressed. He apparently let her put her panties back on after allegedly raping her and then he killed her. Why would he do that?’
Steph shrugged.
‘There were no marks because she was probably too terrified to resist him,’ she said. She picked up the mug shots of  Morden. At the time of the crime he was forty-one years old but looked five years younger. At six two and a hundred ninety pounds he was bigger and heavier than her. I’m no expert at what attracts women to men but I’d have guessed they’d say he wasn’t a bad looking guy. ‘And maybe he let her dress to lull her into  feeling safe. She doesn’t look very big but if she thought she was going to die she’d have scratched, bitten and fought like hell, maybe he was just trying to avoid that.’ she continued.
‘Maybe,’ I said distractedly. Steph read my mind.
‘You’re not convinced,’ she said.
I sighed. I should have been but I wasn’t. The evidence was overwhelming yet there were holes in it. 
‘I wonder how sure the cops were at the time?’ she asked
‘There’s only one way to find out, we need to talk to Buddy’s retired detective and ask him.’ I replied.
Steph pulled her notebook out of her purse. It was a new steno pad and I wondered if she bought it especially for her new career as a private eye. Me, if I needed to write something down I usually scribbled it on the back of fast food or gas receipts. I smiled, I’d been that enthusiastic once, but a couple of years proving husbands and wives are cheating on each other makes you kind of cynical.
‘Triple five, six one, three one,’ I said before she opened the book. She checked and looked suitably impressed. I didn’t tell her it’s something I’ve always been able to do. Give me a number once and its there in my head forever. ‘You call,’ I told her. ‘Find out where he is and see if he can see us tomorrow. That way we can fill the afternoon without you dragging me to a mall and spending everything I have on new clothes.’
Again she put the tongue out at me but she made the call. At first the guy was reluctant to say anything but at the mention of Buddy’s name he lightened up and agreed to see us at two the next day.
We headed back. The day had warmed up and the ice had vanished. I intended to spend the rest of the afternoon reading up on the police file and getting Steph to download anything she could find online about the Morden case. We turned back on to I-64 and my cell phone rang. Steph looked at the display.
‘Sheri,’ she said. The way she said the name made it sound like a question. Just for a second, I was tempted to tease her but then I remembered the fun we’d had over breakfast and the feeling of her body pressed against my arm as she shook hands with Buddy. I held out my hand for the phone.
‘It’s the bank in Putnam Village,’ I explained. Flipping the phone open I pressed it to my ear and said, ‘Sheri. Hi, how are you?’ Sheri said she was fine and asked how I was. I told her I was good and then she said she was sorry but she was about to spoil that. I knew before she said any more what was coming.
‘The Watson check bounced didn’t it?’ I said.
‘Mrs. Watson called to stop it,’ Sheri confirmed. I sighed. I had thought she would sober up and decide not to do it but it appeared I was wrong. 
‘What happens now?’ I asked.
‘Oh, there’s no need to worry,’ Sheri said. ‘The ten thousand dollar check you paid in yesterday more than covers the amount you withdrew.’
‘But I’m still out six and a half grand for work I did.’ I replied.
‘Yes. I suppose so. I’m sorry. I only called as a courtesy to warn you.’ She sounded like she was sorry she had called at all.
‘It’s okay. Not your fault,’ I replied. ‘Thanks for letting me know. ’Bye’ There was definitely relief in her ‘’Bye’ as I broke the connection.
Steph was watching me as I put the phone down.
‘That rotten ass bitch stopped the check, didn’t she?’
‘She did,’ I agreed.
‘What are you going to do about it?’
I looked at her. She was plenty mad. I was tempted to let her loose on Mrs. Watson, but if the woman would not listen to reason there was no way she was going to pay attention to anger. I was angry myself but when I get mad I don’t lose it, I get coldly calculating.
‘First I’m going back to the office. Then I’m going to call her. She’ll get one chance to see sense. After that if she refuses to pay up I’m going to call this lawyer I know and we’ll sue her rotten fat ass.’

Sara Watson actually sounded sober when she answered the phone. She still used the fancy accent she put on when she thought about it but she was not drunk.
‘Mrs. Watson,’ I said. ‘It’s Dean Witton. How are you?’
‘I’m fine, thank you, Mr. Witton.’ Again with the accent and this time with a hint of amusement behind it.
‘I’m pleased to hear it,’ I said. ‘I, however, am not fine. I seem to be short of six thousand five hundred dollars because my bank tells me you stopped your check.’
‘I did,’ she agreed. 
‘May I ask why?’
‘I decided your work was not up to the standard I expect,’ she replied. ‘When I employ someone I expect complete loyalty and by warning my husband that I knew of his infidelity you betrayed my trust in you. In view of that our association is at an end.’
I sighed, this was going exactly as I thought it would.
‘Have you spoken to your husband Mrs. Watson? Have you asked him whether anyone told him about my report on his activities? Did he tell you that I did not warn him?’
The false accent disappeared in an instant.
‘The only way I’m going to talk to that son of a bitch is through my goddamed lawyer,’ she snarled. ‘I’m going to take him for every penny he has and then I’m going to get that bitch he’s been screwing.’
‘I wish you luck, Mrs. Watson. With my report you’d probably get everything you desire but please remember you can’t use it.’
‘You can’t stop me, I have it now and you can’t get it back.’
I gave a short laugh.
‘Oh but I can,’ I said. ‘For one thing the items in it are personal property and by canceling your check you cancelled the deal and they revert to me. If you don’t return them that’s theft. Secondly, I wrote the report so if you copy it and return the original you will be breaching my copyright and I can sue for damages.’ I paused and then played my trump. ‘Finally,’ I said, ‘it’s just a report. If your husband denies infidelity it can’t be put in as evidence unless it’s sworn and even then, the judge is likely to ask me to appear to corroborate what’s in it.’
‘Bastard,’ she screamed and the line went dead.
There was silence for a minute while I calmed down and then Steph grinned.
‘That went well,’ she said. I grunted. ‘Is all that stuff you told her true?’ she asked. ‘Can you sue her?’
‘I have no idea,’ I replied. ‘Except for the bit about it being just a report. If it gets to court the judge could well subpoena me to appear if Rick denies it all.’
‘Will he?
I shrugged. I had no idea. I was sick of Sara and Rick Watson and their domestic problems but I wanted my money.
‘He will if I call him and tell him to,’ I replied. 
Of course when things are going wrong there’s only one direction they can travel: even more wrong. I called my lawyer friend with the intention of getting him to drag Sara Watson’ ass into circuit court as soon as possible. His secretary recognized my voice and told me he’d gone fishing and wouldn’t be back till Monday.
‘What kind of lawyer goes off fishing in the middle of the week?’ I demanded.
‘One with a cabin on a lake in Pocahontas County,’ she answered truthfully.  I thanked her for her help and she told me I was welcome. I didn’t feel welcome as I put the phone down and even less so a few minutes later. I’d been very conscious of Steph all afternoon. My original intention was to see how dinner at Buddy’s went before I asked her out, but the temptation was great and the afternoon had depressed me. So, I asked her if she wanted to go to dinner.  Naturally, I chose the one night in months when she was babysitting her sister’s kids. I sighed
‘Okay,’ I said wearily. ‘Try not to be out too late, we got to get an early start tomorrow.’
She leaned over, kissed me on the cheek, treated me to a glimpse of cleavage and a lingering waft of some subtle perfume and then she was gone. She left me feeling even more depressed than I was before.



Chapter Four

Up close Lucasville is like any other prison, full of foreboding. I have no idea who designs these places but they have it just right. Anyone who has seen one, even from the outside, isn’t going to want to go there. On a dark, wet, Thursday morning in March it looked even more dismal. I drove into the parking lot and found a space. Steph was looking at the building with its tall tower looking like an airport control tower. When she spoke, her voice was hushed as if she was scared someone might hear her and drag her inside.
‘Scary, isn’t it?’ she said. I gave her a half smile.
‘You ain’t seen nothing yet,’ I replied. ‘Ready?’ She nodded and picked up her purse. I shook my head.
‘Don’t bother,’ I told her, ‘You won’t be allowed to take it in with you.’ She gave me a look then half shrugged, opened the purse and took her steno pad and pen out. I laughed.
‘What?’ she said. I nodded to the security building.
‘When we go in there you’re going to have to leave your wallet, keys, coins, jewelry, pens and pencils. In fact security'll lock up anything valuable or sharp. And believe me that means practically everything you’re carrying including your belt if you’re wearing one.’ I was glad to see she was wearing black dress pants and a black, turtle-neck sweater. I’d told her not to dress in anything provocative and to leave off the make-up. She took off her watch.
‘Anything else?’ she asked. ‘Should I take off my underwear in case the prisoners use the waistband as a slingshot?’ I looked at her. So many thoughts went through my head, so many witty comebacks. I discarded each of them.
‘We’ll discuss that later,’ I finally said. She gave me a very strange look and then nodded. I suddenly had to swallow before I could continue. ‘For now just take your driver’s license, they’ll keep that for ID and issue you with a temporary one.’
Inside the security building, we entered our names and addresses at the check in station. The guard was a guy in his twenties and Steph turned on her brightest smile for him.
‘I don’t usually give out my number to guys I don’t know,’ she said. His mouth did not even twitch into the slightest hint of a smile.
‘You have the option of returning to your car ma’am,’ he replied. She wrote the information down without another word.
We took off our coats and shoes and carried them through the metal detector then they searched the coats and patted me down to make sure I wasn’t carrying any illegal drugs. The guard had to make a call for a female officer to pat Steph down although from one or two looks I caught him giving her, he would not have minded doing it himself.
When the officer came she was big. Big, tough and not in the least feminine. Her name badge said Typhany Benson but later Steph said it should be Typhoid Benson because she had such a poisonous disposition.
It turned out that Typhoid was our escort.
The halls of the administration building reminded me of being in elementary school. The ceilings were low, the walls stark except for one thing, the artwork. 
‘Wow,’ Steph whispered, ‘there are some great pictures here. Do they come out of our tax dollars?’ I shook my head but then reconsidered.
‘In a way I guess they do,’ I told her. ‘The guys locked up here are usually in for life. The tax payer keeps them and they get a lot of time to perfect their technique.’
‘The prisoners painted these?’ The astonishment was obvious in her voice. What she didn’t seem to realize was that the prisoners have little else to do. They read, they draw and they paint. Practice makes perfect and some great art pieces hang on prison walls. Before I could comment though we reached an intersection of two hallways. A guard sat at a small table watching both of them.
‘Check in and sign,’ Typhoid growled. To the guard she said, ‘Two to see Harding.’ He nodded, checked the temporary ID badges the security guy had given us and then made us sign our names.
Assistant Warden Harding was a big, well-built guy with a ready smile that did not reach his eyes. He sat back from his desk and wore dark dress pants with a white shirt and a tie that he’d loosened a little at the knot. Next to him, leaning back against the wall with his arms folded, was a guard with braid on his uniform. He did not smile.
‘Thank you officer Benson,’ Harding told Typhoid when she announced us. ‘Please wait outside to escort Ms. Taylor and Mr. Witton back to the gate.’ He stood and shook hands with Steph and then with me. The guard did not move. Harding indicated two chairs pulled up in front of the desk and we sat down.
‘Introductions first,’ Harding said. ‘I’m Walter G. Harding. I’m an assistant warden here at the South Ohio Correctional Facility. This gentleman,’ he waved a hand at the guard, ‘is Senior Correctional Officer Townsend who is responsible for the officers who were watching Morden.’
I nodded at Townsend but all he managed was a blink in reply. Harding was continuing. ‘I understand it is Morden you want to discuss but before we do that perhaps you can tell us who you are, who you represent and why you are here. I have a brief note of what you said on the phone,’ he tapped a paper on his desk, ‘but we’d appreciate more details please.’
He was speaking to Steph and ignoring me. While she answered I looked around. There was little to see. The office was stark. No family pictures, no diplomas, nothing to personalize it at all. It gave me the creeps. I turned my attention back to Steph.
‘We are from a company called West Teays Investigations,’ she said. I glanced at Townsend and saw his lip curl into the faintest of sneers. ‘We have been retained by William J. Wendover to investigate a letter he received from an inmate at this facility.’
We’d discussed what she was going to say on the trip down and we’d agreed that she should tell them as little as possible. If they asked something pertinent we would answer, other than that I wanted them to do the talking.
‘Mr. Wendover is not on the list of approved correspondents for Morden,’ Harding said. ‘He could not have received a letter from him sent from this facility.’
‘Nevertheless he did,’ Steph replied. ‘He received it the day after Mr. Morden was executed.’
‘We have strict rules about letters.’ Harding said. ‘All correspondents have to be on an approved list. We read all mail when it comes in and before it goes out and nothing, repeat nothing, that could hurt, injure or offend leaves here. We keep records of who prisoners write to and Morden did not send any letters while he was with us.’
‘Our experts have verified the letter is in Morden’s hand writing. The U.S. Mail cancellation says it was mailed on the day of the execution and Mr. Wendover confirms he received it the following day.’ Harding and Townsend looked at each other and the guard gave an almost imperceptible shrug.
‘That doesn’t mean it was written or mailed from here,’ Harding said shrewdly. ‘He could have written it in Youngstown before he was transferred.’
‘It could,’ Steph agreed, ‘except in it Mr. Morden said the governor turned down his plea for clemency, which he could not have known for certain before hand.’
Harding smiled and shook his head.
‘Morden had five appeals turned down. There was no new evidence. No way was the governor going to grant clemency, everybody knew that, including him.’
I spoke for the first time and watched Townsend as I did so.
‘Of course he did,’ I said, ‘but there was no way he could know it would be officer Townsend who would tell him his plea was denied.’
Townsend’s face betrayed him. I knew the moment I said it that it was true and Townsend knew I knew. Now it was his turn to speak for the first time.
‘None of my guys posted his goddam letter.’
I raised my eyebrows. 
‘Someone did,’ I said quietly.
Townsend came off the wall. His face colored with anger, his fists bunched and when he spoke it was with a snarl.
‘I said none of my guys posted that letter,’ he said. Every word sounded like a threat but he didn’t scare me.
‘And I said someone did,’ I answered. For a few seconds we glared at each other then Assistant Warden Harding raised his hands and gave a shaky laugh.
‘Gentlemen, gentlemen,’ he said. ‘Let’s not fight about this. I’m sure Senior Correctional Officer Townsend is right when he says none of his men are responsible for talking an illegal letter out of this facility.’
‘That’s all very well Mr. Harding,’ Steph replied, ‘but Mr. Witton is also correct. There can be no doubt the letter came from this facility and if Mr. Townsend’s men did not smuggle it out, who did?’
‘Do you have the letter with you?’ Harding asked. I took the copy I made from my pocket and handed it over. Harding looked at it and laid it on the desk.
‘This isn’t the original,’ he said. It wasn’t a question.
‘No,’ Steph replied. Harding sighed and looked at Townsend who had subsided and was leaning back against the wall, glaring at me.
‘Well,’ the assistant warden said, ‘we will certainly look into this. If we find anyone here broke a rule then you can be assured we’ll take action.’ He half rose from his chair. It seemed he thought the meeting was over and he was trying to get rid of us. Steph ignored his standing.
‘I assume condemned men don’t get many visitors on the night before their execution,’ she said. ‘Can you tell us who, in addition to the guards, saw him in the hours before he died?’
Surprisingly Townsend growled out an answer.
‘He spent a couple of minutes with his lawyer and about half an hour with his pastor.’
I had the name of Morden’s lawyer from Wendover and now since I knew he had spoken to Morden before his execution I would need to talk to him.
‘Who’s the pastor?’ I asked. Harding looked at the papers in front of him.
‘It was the reverend Caleb Burke. He was Morden’s mother’s minister from down in Kentucky somewhere. He’s Lutheran I believe.’
‘One final question,’ I said. ‘Did either of you ever have reason to suspect that Morden might be innocent.’
Townsend snorted and Harding laughed.
‘Mr. Witton,’ he replied, ‘Every man who comes here says he’s innocent. We serve the system that proves they’re not.’
There was nothing more they could tell us. If it was one of their guys who posted the letter they would never admit it and they were going to make damn sure we didn’t get close enough to speak to the men. I’m sure they would investigate, but I had an idea they would be wasting their time. They were not going to find out anything. I stood and Steph followed suit. Harding almost jumped to his feet; he was that eager to see us go. Townsend pushed himself off the wall. Neither offered a handshake this time. Harding took my business card and promised to call if he discovered anything. I wasn’t going to hold my breath. Then they called in Typhoid and we went back through the whole process again. It wasn’t until we got back in the car that Steph spoke.
‘Well,’ she said, ‘they were a pleasant couple. Are you sure they weren’t the prisoners and not the guards?’
I gave a short laugh. She was right of course; Harding and Townsend were two of the hardest, most unpleasant people I had ever met. They both seemed completely devoid of any sign of personality and yet I knew that impression was a front. They were like that because the nature of their job meant they had to be. They could be the nicest people on God’s earth outside the prison but they had to leave their real selves at the door, it was the only way they could survive. Personally, I doubted they were that nice, especially Townsend but who could tell?
‘Whatever you think about them, one thing I’m sure about is they were telling us the truth.’ I said. Steph frowned,
‘The truth?’ she repeated. I nodded.
‘Yeah. I reckon they not only didn’t know about the letter, I don’t believe any of their men did either.’
‘Then who…?’
‘The lawyer or the pastor. Townsend said he only spent two minutes with his lawyer. That’s not long for a final meeting between attorney and client but it is long enough for Morden to pass a letter to him. The thing is though I don’t know a lawyer who’d risk his license to do that so my money is on the Pastor. That’s our job for tomorrow, we need to find him and talk to him.’
‘You mean it’s my job,’ Steph replied. ‘That being so we need to find a McDonalds so you can feed me up before we go see our retired detective.’
‘There you go, only thinking about your stomach again,’ I grinned. She gave me that look once more.
‘I told you yesterday,’ she replied, ‘I like sex too.’




Chapter Five

Tom Rikalsky didn’t look like a detective; he looked more like somebody’s grandpa, which I suppose, was what he was. He had a house that was too big for him, a front yard that showed the attention of a loving gardener, plenty of pictures of two young women with a variety of kids and no sign of a wife. I guessed he was a widower, that sort never seem to get divorced. 
When we rang the bell he answered the door dressed in jeans that might have fitted once but were a size or two too large now. He held them up with black suspenders over a green-checked work shirt and had old house shoes on his feet. He was balding above a round face that was marked with the red veins of the accustomed drinker.
‘You the people Buddy sent?’ he asked when I introduced us. I nodded.
‘Yes sir,’ I said. He made no attempt to step back and invite us in.
‘How’d yer know him?’ he asked.
‘I used to be a cop working out of Huntington; we were rookies at the same time.’
‘But you quit.’ He was testing me; I knew he already had the answers from Buddy and now he was checking to see we were who we said we were.
‘I got fired. I smacked a senior officer and couldn’t prove what he’d done.’
Rikalsky grunted, turned and walked down the hall without closing the door.
‘That’s what he told me,’ he said over his shoulder. ‘I don’t drink coffee in the afternoons, keeps me awake. I got iced tea in the ’fridgerator though if’n ya’ll want some.’
I looked at Steph and smiled ruefully. Acting the gentleman I gestured for her to go first and we followed the old man down the hall into a family room. There were a couple of couches and an armchair. He waved toward a couch.
‘Siddown, siddown,’ he said. ‘Did ya’ll want some tea?’
‘Yes please,’ Steph said. I shook my head. I like my beverages hot.
‘No, I’m good,’ I told him and he went off in the direction of what was presumably the kitchen. Steph grinned and produced her steno pad and pencil. A minute later Rikalsky was back carrying a sixteen-ounce, styrofoam MacDonald’s cup with a straw sticking out the top.
‘I like them,’ he said, indicating the cup. ‘They keep the tea cold.’ It was probably about three or four degrees above freezing outside and I had to suppress a smile that almost became a laugh when Steph tasted the tea. She pulled a face that said she wanted to spit it out but couldn’t.
‘Good stuff, eh?’ Rikalsky said to her. ‘Lots o’ sugar, that’s the secret, can’t have proper southern iced tea without lots o’ sugar.’
‘It’s very good,’ Steph managed to gasp as she put it down on an end table. The old guy looked at her for a second or too and then turned to me. 
‘Okay,’ he said. ‘Shoot. What yer want to ask me about?’
‘Trevor Lloyd Morden,’ I replied.
‘Thought so,’ he said. ‘Durned feller’s been plaguin’ me for nigh on twenty years. Thought when they executed him it might go away but no. He’s dead, but here ya’ll are asking the same tom fool questions over again.’
I didn’t want to start by upsetting him, people who are mad at you tend to either not tell you things or they say what they think you want to hear just to get rid of you. What I needed were the simple unembroidered facts.
‘Well we certainly don’t want to take up too much of your time,’ I told him. ‘We’ve read the police report filed when it happened but you were the man on the spot so we were kind of hoping you could take us through what occurred from your point of view.’
‘Son,’ he said, ‘I got all the time in the world.’ He hesitated and then added wistfully, ‘Or maybe I got no time at all.’ For a second he was silent but then he seemed to shake himself back from whatever world he had drifted off into. ‘You say you’ve seen the police report?’ I nodded.
‘We have,’ I confirmed. He looked at me, obviously wondering how I’d gotten access to it. After a moment though he seemed to dismiss the question.
‘Not a lot I can add to it,’ he said. ‘It was the last big case I had before I retired but there’s nothing to it really. I’d just got to the office, it was a Thursday morning and it was durn cold. A patrol car answered a nine-one-one call, Ernie Collins it was. He was patrollin’ on ninety-three and the call came from some guy walking his dog on Hecla Road. Ernie took a look, called it in an’ the dispatcher called me.’ He paused and took a pull from the straw in his own tea. His eyes had a faraway look, as if he were reliving that cold Thursday morning. After a while he went on.
‘I got there and there was three patrol cars, two of ours and one from the local sheriff. They was keepin’ half a dozen people away from the scene. The girl was lyin’ face up on the dirt by the side of the road.’
‘Did she look as if she was lying where she fell or do you think she was dumped there?’ I asked.
‘Oh she was dumped right enough,’ he answered. ‘Weren’t enough blood for her to have been stabbed right there and there was leaves and dirt on her like she’d been rolled over a couple of times.’ 
‘What was she wearing?’ Steph asked.
‘Her working gear. She had a pair of dark dress pants and a dark sweatshirt on over a dress shirt.’ He hesitated then added, ‘Leastways we thought it was dark but it was a green Marshall shirt and the blood had turned it dark.’
‘What about shoes?’ Steph asked, ‘a purse and makeup? Did she have any on?’
Rikalsky pulled a face.
‘Hard to ’member after all this time,’ he said. ‘I think she had formal shoes on, or mebbe loafers. Her purse was with her, nothin’ in it but the lab lifted one of Lloyd’s prints off of it. Can’t tell you ‘bout the makeup, her face was pretty bad cut up and there was a lotta blood.’ Steph nodded and wrote some stuff down. The old man watched her and then went on.
‘Anyways, we sent for the doc and that’s when I first heard the name of the victim. Seems her roommate had called up to report her missin’. I asked the dispatcher to send somebody down to get a picture of the girl but they didn’t have nobody because all available units was comin’ out to us. I asked the deputy to go fetch it and he took off. Hadn’t been gone more’n a minute or so when he called in and said he’d just come on a truck with a bloodstained tarp in the back. Naturally, I went out to take a look and recognized it straight away. Lloyd an’ me was friends from way back. We’s both from Ashland down in Boyd County, I got him his first term in the pen there.’
‘The deputy was lucky to see the tarp in the truck if he was just driving past,’ I observed. Rikalsky nodded.
‘Thought that myself,’ he said. ‘It was sort of bunched up in the back. I’d have thought the wind woulda blown it flat. Lloyd was famous for fast driving.’
‘Did you ask about it?’
‘Sure. Deputy said it was how he found it. Guess anybody could’ve walked past and pulled it up or maybe it was a ’coon or another sorta critter.’
‘Excuse me,’ Steph interrupted, ‘we have his name as Trevor Lloyd Morden but you call him Lloyd?’
‘Everybody called him Lloyd,’ Rikalsky replied. ‘Called hisself Lloyd. I didn’t even know his name was Trevor till I saw his ID.’ He waited as if expecting Steph to ask some more questions. When she didn’t he went on. ‘I used a stick to move the tarp, there was a hell of a lot of blood on it and right underneath was the knife. A single-edged kitchen knife ‘bout twelve inches long, all black with dried blood. Lloyd’s truck was parked outside a little ramshackle cabin. It ain’t there no more, got tore down years ago but I guessed he’d be inside. I got the deputy to go round back, pulled my gun and just kicked the door in. Old Lloyd was in bed with his ‘coon hound, Sally, lyin’ across his legs. There was an empty fifth of bourbon on the nightstand, the place stank of weed and Lloyd and the dog was fast asleep.’
‘Any sign of the girl being in the room?’ I asked, ‘Any clothing, signs of blood or a struggle?’
He gave a rueful smile and shook his head.
‘You got to ‘member son,’ he said, ‘old Lloyd weren’t the tidiest of fellers. That room looked like a garbage dump but to answer your question I’d say no, there weren’t no sign of a fight of any sort. We searched the place after we took him away of course but never did find anything that pointed to her ever being there. Different story with the truck though. We found her hair, her prints, a lipstick that she’d used and lots of cum...’ He faltered and colored a little as he looked at Steph. ‘Beggin’ your pardon ma’am,’ he continued hastily. ‘We found seminal fluid on the front seat. Lloyd had been doin’ it on that front seat and he done it to the girl because we found two pubic hairs that belonged to her.’
‘What happened when you went into the cabin?’ I asked.
He laughed.
‘The durned dog woke first and set to howlin’. Lloyd, he sat up all bewildered like and before his eyes was properly open me and the deputy had him face down on the floor with cuffs on him.’
‘Did he say anything?’
‘He was yellin’ fit to bust. What’d I do? What’d I do? He kept sayin’. So I asked him what did he think he’d done. He said he done nothing, he was just spendin’ a few days huntin’ ‘coons with his dog.’
‘Were there any weapons in the room?’
‘Oh, yeah. He had him a twenty-two rifle, a shotgun and  a Browning nine millimeter with plenty of ammo.’
‘Any knives?’
‘Just the one, a big old hunting knife.’
‘Did he say anything else?’ I asked.
‘He kept hollerin’ he didn’t do nothin’ so I asked him if he’d been with any girls lately and he went sorta quiet. Asked if her old man had sent us so I asked him who’s old man would that be. Why, Billy Jo’s of course he said. Well, that was the name of the girl who’d been reported missin’ but I didn’t let on, just asked him who Billy Jo was. He said she was a girl he knew, that her old man was rich and that he’d throw a blue fit if he knew they was doin’ it together.’
‘So he didn’t deny knowing her?’
‘Nope, came out with her name straight away. I asked when he’d last seen her and he said they’d been together the night before in Sybene then he’d driven up to his cabin to do some coon huntin’.’
‘Did you ask him about the blood on the tarp and the knife in his truck?’
‘Sure did, he asked what tarp that was, denied ever havin’ seen it. I told him there was a bloodstained tarp and a knife in the back of his truck and a dead girl up the way a piece.’
‘And what did he say?’
‘He clammed up. Just kept sayin’ he wanted a lawyer.’
‘So what happened next?’
‘We hauled his ass down to the precinct, got the roommate up to identify the body and taped off the cabin and the place where she was found. The usual stuff. Started to search the girl’s room and then suddenly all hell let loose.’
‘What do you mean,’ I asked.
‘I mean the roommate called the girl’s daddy and told him what had happened. He was a powerful feller, got on to State Senators, the Governor, the good Lord knows who else and we was swamped by Feebies and state cops.’
‘F.B.I.?’ I repeated, ‘How’d they get involved?’
He snorted his derision.
‘Seems the girl worked in Huntington, was last seen there. Her body turned up in Ohio so she crossed a state line and they said that makes it a federal case. My ass was hauled off the case straight away and Lloyd was charged with murder that same day.’
‘And what did you think about that?’
He hesitated and then he frowned.
‘I thought mebbe they was jumpin’ the gun a little. I wasn’t sure he done it but then we didn’t have the C.S.I. results at that time.’
‘And are you still not sure he did it?’
He grimaced.
‘Evidence was right against him. He’d been locked up for being violent before. He admitted he knew her. He had sex with her and the lab report proved it, though he never denied it. He said they’d been havin’ it for a while and I could believe that. He had a way with the girls did Lloyd, but nobody ever saw them together. The girl never mentioned him to nobody. Lloyd was trailer park trash who didn’t finish high school and she was a rich kid at college. They was from different worlds and he never could explain the knife and the tarp in his truck.’ He paused then said, ‘The court found him guilty so I guess he did it but I’d have liked to have more time to look at it myself.’
‘What about his clothes?’ I asked, ‘The autopsy report said she must have bled a lot, did you ever find any of her blood on him?’
‘Nope, never did. Defense made a big thing about that at the trial but the prosecutor said he got rid of his stuff and meant to do the same with the tarp and the knife but forgot because he was so drunk. Jury believed him.’
‘And did you believe him?’
Rikalsky looked at me shrewdly.
‘Like I said,’ he told me quietly, ‘the evidence was against him but the question of the clothes and the blood never did sit easy with me.’
‘Did you raise the question?’ Steph asked. The old guy switched his attention to her.
‘I brought it up when the feds were taking over,’ he replied. ‘They were under pressure to get a fast result and I was told it was none of my business. The defense asked about the clothes at the trial but they could only ask did we find ‘em, not what I thought about it. Since then I’ve talked to investigators, Lloyd’s lawyer and more lawyers workin’for the girl’s daddy but nobody ever wants to know anything except what happened. I used to try to tell ‘em it didn’t sit right but they didn’t want to know. I figure they’s smarter than me so I let them work it out.’
‘Okay,’ I said, ‘Just a few last questions. Can you remember the name of the Billy Jo’s roommate?’
‘Sure,’ Rikalsky replied, ‘I ain’t quite senile yet. She was Heather Price. Chubby little girl, came from the projects in Huntington.’
‘And do you know what happened to her?’
He shrugged. ‘No idea. After I was took off the case I didn’t see her till the trial and never since.’
‘You said Billy Jo worked in Huntington but I thought she was at college.’
‘She was at Marshall. A math major but she did some work as a tax preparer; it was her first year at it.’
‘But she was rich, or at least her daddy was. Why’d she have to work?’
‘Can’t help ya,’ he said. ‘I ‘member thinkin’ that myself. She was rich but took a job and her roomy came from the projects but didn’t work. Don’t make no sense nohow.’
It did not make sense and I made a mental note to look into it further.
‘One last thing,’ I said. ‘You’ve had a long time to think about it and consider. Do you think Lloyd did it?’
He looked me in the eye.
‘No I don’t,’ he said without hesitation.



Chapter Six

We were both silent as we walked back through the rain to the car. My mind was turning over what Rikalsky told us. He had been retired for nearly twenty years but his mind was still sharp. He did not believe Lloyd Morden had killed Billy Jo Wendover. I was not so sure but from what he said, I was inclined to agree there was a need to investigate further.
‘What do you think?’ I asked Steph when we got into the car out of the wet.
‘He’s a nice old guy but that tea was awful,’ she replied. I looked at her to see if she was being serious, but could not detect the slightest hint of a smile. I sighed, sometimes she just had to show the blonde hair was real.
‘And Morden?’ I asked. She frowned.
‘I don’t know,’ she replied. ‘Rikalsky was the guy who arrested him, he knew him before the murder and he thinks he was innocent. On the other hand the evidence points to him and if it wasn’t him who was it?’ She shook her head, ‘I’m not sure. If Morden didn’t do it, he was set up and set up good.’
‘I think there’s a chance he was,’ I told her. ‘I don’t know who did it but there are some glaring holes in the evidence. The guy disposes of his clothes so well they’re never found, he scrubs every trace of blood off himself but he dumps the body within spitting distance of where he’s sleeping, leaves her purse with his print on it and a tarp and the knife covered in her blood where anyone can see them? It doesn’t sit right.  I’m not saying I agree with Rikalsky, but I do think there’s more than a chance Lloyd didn’t do it.’
‘So what’s our next move?’
I’d been thinking about that. We still needed to talk to the lawyer and the pastor who saw Morden on his last night but I was fast coming to the conclusion that was a false trail. Even if we could prove who forwarded the letter, I suspected what we would discover was he had done it because he didn’t believe Morden was guilty. That would not progress the case at all. It seemed to me the answer lay twenty years ago, and we needed to talk to the people who were around then.
Before I could say anything more my cell phone rang again. I keep it on the console when I’m in the car and Steph picked it up. She looked at the display and grimaced.
‘Carne Law?’ she said. I pursed my lips. Carne Law was one of the biggest law firms in West Virginia. They had offices in Charleston and in Huntington and I’ve done a little work for them in the past.
‘You get it,’ I told her. ‘It may be the job after this one, so be nice.’
Steph put out her tongue but when she answered, she was the epitome of professionalism.
‘West Teays Investigations, Stephanie speaking. How may I help you?’ She paused for a few seconds to listen to whoever was on the other end of the line.
‘I’m afraid Mr. Witton  is very busy at the moment,’ she said. She listened again, pulled a face and pinched the end of her nose between her thumb and finger.
‘In that case, Mr. Carne, I’ll see if I can interrupt Mr. Witton,’ she said. ‘If you’d care to hold for a moment, sir.’ She looked at the phone and mimed the word ‘mute’ at me. I took it from her and pressed the button so the caller could not hear us. Steph let out her breath in a long whistle.
‘That,’ she said, ‘is Mr. Jefferson Carne who says he’s a partner in Carne Law. He has to talk to you immediately about something very important and he sure don’t use no down-home, country boy accent.’
If I remembered right, Jefferson was the youngest of three Carne boys, two or three years out of law school and already a partner in daddy’s firm. He would be handling all the crap the others didn’t want but he’d still be raking in big bucks. I thought I could put up with anybody’s highfalutin accent for a piece of that. I pressed the mute button again and put the phone to my ear.
‘Hello, Dean Witton speaking,’ I said. 
‘Mr. Witton, Jefferson Carne of Carne Law here. How are you sir?’ Steph was right, wherever he got his accent it wasn’t from West Virginia’s Kanawha Valley. It was more like it came from some fancy finishing school in Connecticut. He sounded pompous and overbearing and, without ever meeting him, I immediately took a dislike to the man.
‘I’m fine Mr. Carne,’ I replied. ‘How are you?’
‘I’m fine, Mr. Witton, just fine.’ Despite the fact he told Steph his business was urgent he didn’t seem inclined to get on with it. I had no intention of prolonging the conversation however, even if he was about to offer me a job. 
‘I’m pleased to hear it,’ I said. ‘And what can I do for you, Mr. Carne?’
There was a momentary pause as if he had several other pleasantries lined up and now I’d cut to the chase he couldn’t find the place in his script.
‘Er…um…I  was hoping you would be available to come into my office, Mr. Witton,’ he said. ‘Say, ten-thirty tomorrow?’
I hate it when lawyers expect me to be able to drop everything and rush off to see them. Some are real good about things but others seem to assume I just sit on my tail waiting for their call. Plainly Mr. Jefferson Carne was one of the latter.
‘I’m sorry, Mr. Carne,’ I replied, ‘I’m afraid I am a little busy at the moment. If you could tell me what you want to discuss perhaps I can try to find a window for you.’
There was a momentary silence at the other end of the phone. I got the distinct impression that friend Jefferson wasn’t used to being knocked back, especially by what he regarded as cheap-ass private eyes.
‘But it’s extremely urgent, Mr. Witton,’ he protested. ‘I want to file tomorrow  otherwise we’ll lose the weekend.’
‘You want to file what, Mr. Carne?’ I asked.
‘Lord, I’m sorry,’ he apologized. He sounded flustered. I guess being new, he wasn’t used to being talked back to and it had thrown him completely. ‘We’re the attorneys for Mrs. Sara Watson. I need to go over your report with you before we file for the divorce.’
Now it was me who was completely thrown. I could not believe what I was hearing. Not only was she keeping a report she hadn’t paid for, her lawyer also wanted me to talk him through it. The sheer nerve of the woman left me fuming. I must have been dumbstruck for several seconds.
‘Mr. Witton?’ Carne said tentatively, ‘are you still there?’ With an effort  I managed to pull myself together.
‘I’m here, Mr. Carne,’ I replied. ‘Its just that what you’re asking has taken me aback a little.’ 
‘Taken aback?’ he repeated. He sounded puzzled and I suddenly realized the bitch had not told him what had happened between us. ‘Why’s that?’ he continued. ‘It is your report isn’t it?’
‘It is my report,’ I agreed. ‘That’s the problem. It’s mine. Your client has not paid for it. She has refused to pay for it and therefore she has no right to keep it and no right to pass it on to you. If you, or she, attempt to use it, you’re both going to be in court faster than you thought because I’m going to sue your ever-loving asses.’
‘But I don’t understand…’ he sounded on the verge of tears. I guess his career so far had been one long session of willing secretaries and lunches at the country club. No one ever threatened to sue him before and he didn’t know what to do.
‘Your client has not paid me for that report,’ I repeated quietly. ‘I suggest you look up the laws on that, starting with copyright, then breach of contract and going on to getting goods and services without paying for them. I don’t know where you guys were brought up but here in the backwoods, we call that stealing.’
‘I’m sorry, Mr. Witton,’ he blustered. ‘I had no idea about this. Mrs. Watson is a client of this firm and she gave us the report. We naturally assumed your fees had been paid…’
‘I’ve just told you twice they haven’t,’ I interrupted, ‘and till they are I’m not going to discuss it further. Talk to your client and if she wants to pay up you can come back to me, if not I’ll see you, and her, in court.’
‘I’ll call her directly,’ he replied. ‘Assuming this is just a mistake can we make an appointment for tomorrow?’
I laughed at him. I couldn’t help it. The guy was just not listening to me.
‘You call her,’ I told him. ‘Then you can call me back. If I’m paid for the report we can discuss when I can fit you in. Until then, I’m not talking to you or anyone else.’ I paused and then I added, ‘And if we do get to discuss it, I don’t want your client there. I think the woman’s crazy, and I’m not going to be in the same room with her.’
‘I’m sorry, I can’t let you talk about Mrs. Watson in that way Mr. Witton. She’s a valued client of this firm…’
He was talking like a pompous asshole, which is just what he was, and my temper finally got the better of me.
‘She’s a nut,’ I interrupted him. ‘And if you’ll listen I’ll give you some free advice, Mr. Carne.’
‘What’s that, Mr. Witton?’ He sounded really pissed at me but I didn’t care, he needed me more than I needed him.
‘Get her to pay you first, Jeff’ I told him. ‘And make sure the check doesn’t bounce because if anything goes wrong and she hits the sauce again she sure as hell won’t pay you anything at all.’ There was silence for some seconds and I thought he might have gone but I added, ‘Bye, Jeff.’ anyway.
‘Bye,’ he replied, sounding thoughtful.
I closed the phone and looked at Steph.
‘Don’t tell me,’ she said, ‘that was about Rotten Ass Sara again.’
‘Rotten Ass is right,’ I replied. ‘She’s given my report to her lawyer and forgot to tell him she hasn’t paid for it.’
‘That sucks. She must know she isn’t going to get away with it, so what’s she doing?’
I shrugged. I had no idea what Sara Watson thought she was doing but I wasn’t about to join her game. I’d had enough of her to last me a lifetime. Again, I wondered what the hell she had on Rick to make him marry her in the first place and stay with her this long.
‘Who knows?’ I growled. ‘What time is it?’
‘A couple of minutes before four.’
‘Too early to go to Buddy’s.’ I thought for a second. ‘After talking with our friend Jeff, I need coffee. We’ll go into Ironton and get some and you can spend some of the grossly inflated wages I’m paying you.’

***

Marie Roberts is at least five years younger than Buddy but neither seem to care. She’s a tall, slim brunette, as tall as he is in fact. He says he always knows when she’s mad at him because she puts heels on and looks down at him. They have two kids, Jake and Zak, who call me Uncle Dean. I was surprised they remembered me and I felt a little guilty for not being around in so long, but they ran to me the moment they saw me. The moment he saw Steph, Buddy’s lips formed a silent whistle that earned him a sharp dig in the ribs from Marie. To my mind it was hardly his fault. She looked stunning.
	Somehow when we went into Ironton it was me who ended up buying clothes I didn’t think I needed. Steph bought nothing but she produced a bag from the back seat of the car and disappeared into a ladies room for what seemed hours while I drank coffee. I was starting to get mad but when she did emerge my anger vanished. She looked an absolute dream. Her dress was simple, no plunging neckline, short skirt or expanse of naked shoulders, but she took my breath away, and that of every other guy in the restaurant. I was proud she was with me and couldn’t help having a small grin on my face as we rang Buddy’s doorbell.
	We were a little early but that meant we got to play with the kids and by the time Marie put them to bed they were calling her Aunt Steph and both of them hugged her goodnight. I guess over the months I’d gotten to know her, I’d come to realize that not only was she witty and funny, she was smart too. She certainly showed it over dinner and by the time we finished dessert she was the best of friends with both of them. Marie whisked her away into the kitchen as soon as we were done and left Buddy and me to talk “guy crap” as she called it.
	As soon as they had gone Buddy flopped in his favorite chair and eyed me quizzically. I stood it for about a minute but it was making me feel uncomfortable.
‘What?’ I said. He shook his head,
‘Just trying to figure out what that blonde dreamboat sees in an old guy like you.’ he said. ‘Come on, what’s the secret? You taking monkey gland pills or something?’
‘What do you mean?’ I demanded.
‘I mean,’ he said, ‘she’s obviously too good for you so how’d you do it? You hiring her by the hour?’
I picked up a cushion and made as if to hurl it at him but secretly I was pleased. Steph was a hit. I grinned.
‘As a matter of fact I am hiring her,’ I said. ‘She’s working this case with me.’
‘Yeah, pull the other one,’ Buddy replied. ‘The girl’s obviously crazy about you. If you ask me she’s just plain crazy but you don’t have to tell me nothing, Marie’ll get all the gruesome details like how long you two been dating and stuff.’
‘There’s no details to get,’ I told him. ‘We’re not dating, this is the first time we’ve been out together and the only reason she’s here tonight is because you asked her.’
‘Then you’re crazy,’ he said. ‘She’s cute and smart and if you don’t grab her some other guy will. Hell if I was free I’d be chasing her myself.’
I shrugged. I knew what he said was true. I’d been around Steph for months and must have been blind not to notice how great she was. I’d already made up my mind to change that but I wasn’t going to discuss it with Buddy, not yet anyway. I decided to change the subject.
‘Thanks for the intro to Rikalsky,’ I said.
‘No, problem. Was he any help?’ I looked at him shrewdly.
‘My guess is you already know the answer to that. I reckon he was on the phone to you before we were back in the car.’
Buddy laughed.
‘He told me not to give Steph any iced tea, said she wasn’t a proper Southerner and it’d be wasted on her.’
‘So you know what he told us. He thinks Morden was innocent, and that leaves me with a lot of work to do.’
Buddy sighed. He reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out a folded sheet of paper. He nodded towards the computer desk in the corner.
‘There’s a pencil and paper over there,’ he said. ‘You can copy this out but I want it back.’
‘What is it?’ I asked curiously. He handed it to me. It was a handwritten list of four names, addresses and phone numbers.
‘I can’t just keep this?’ I asked. He grimaced.
‘It’s my writing,’ he replied. ‘I’d rather it got destroyed. Don’t want anybody fishing it out of your trash.’
‘Who are these people?’ I asked looking at the list.
‘There’s the roommate who reported her missing, Morden’s mother, his pastor and the person the victim was working for when she died. They were all valid addresses about a year ago.’
None of the names were familiar and I said so.
‘The roomy got married, or maybe it was married, divorced and married again. I forget. Morden’s mother never did marry his daddy so they always had different names. The other two you wouldn’t know anyway.’
I eyed him speculatively. He was being helpful. Too helpful. There was something going on here I didn’t know about.
‘Okay,’ I said. ‘Tell me why you’re doing this.’
‘Tom Rikalsky,’ he replied. ‘He had a raw deal and he’s a good guy, he deserved better.’
‘A raw deal?’ I asked.
‘What did he tell you about the case?’
I shrugged. The old man had given me the details but that wasn’t what Buddy was asking. He wanted to me to tell him what I knew about Rikalsky’s involvement.
‘He made the arrest and a few hours later her daddy raised hell and the Feds took over. Rikalsky got took off the case. He brought up some questions about Morden but no one would listen to him and then he retired.’
‘He raised ten kinds of hell about Morden,’ Buddy said quietly. ‘That’s why they took him off the detective division. They put his ass back in uniform and he spent his last five years writing traffic tickets. He was my first partner and a good one. He taught me all I know and looked out for me. He is also stone cold certain Morden did not kill Billy Jo Wendover.’
I nodded, if Buddy was doing this for Rikalsky then that was good enough for me. I’d known the guy long enough to trust his judgment in most things. I picked up a pencil and swiftly copied the names and addresses onto a plain piece of paper. When I was done I handed his list to him and he wadded it before throwing it in the fire.
‘Ok,’ he said after watching it burn, ‘that’s done. Now let’s get back to you and Steph. You did pay her to come with you tonight, didn’t you?’
‘Buddy…’ I began but before I could say any more, the girls came back and I was in serious trouble.
‘Witton,’ Marie said, ‘you’re a doofus.’ She glared at me then turned her attention to Buddy. ‘All guys are doofuses but he’s a prize doofus. You know this guy is only paying Steph six bucks an hour and he expects her to go all over the state, day and freakin’ night?’ She turned her attention back to me. ‘I take that back,’ she ranted. ‘You’re not a doofus, you’re a cheapskate, rotten tail doofus and you don’t deserve this girl.’ Behind her Steph was trying very unsuccessfully to hide her laughter.
‘Hey!’ I protested, ‘Don’t blame me. It’s what she asked for.’
‘I’ll pay you seven,’ Buddy said. Marie gave him one of her withering looks.
‘You will not,’ she said in a voice that brooked no argument. ‘Dean is just about to make amends by doubling her pay and asking her out to dinner tomorrow. Aren’t you Dean?’
‘She stiffed me for breakfast and lunch…’ I began but Marie snorted her derision.
‘Maybe double pay isn’t enough,’ she mused. I knew when I was beat. I held up my hands in surrender.
‘Ok, ok,’ I said. ‘I’ll give her a raise.’ I intended to pay her a percentage of the fee anyway so I wasn’t going to lose anything. Marie glared at me through narrowed eyes.
‘And dinner?’ she said. ‘Tomorrow?’ I sighed.
‘I’m buying all her other meals, one more won’t make a difference,’ I conceded.
‘Dean…’ 
There was clear menace in the way she said my name and I sighed again.
‘Stephanie, would you do me the great honor of accompanying me to dinner tomorrow evening?’ I asked, trying to keep the sarcasm down. Marie raised her eyebrows and looked at Steph who examined her nails for several seconds and then said,
‘I’ll think about it.’
‘See!’ I said, ‘She doesn’t want…’
‘Okay, I thought,’ Steph interrupted. ‘I’ll come but only as long as it isn’t MacDonald’s again.’
I caught myself grinning, somehow between them they had manipulated me to get me exactly what I wanted.
‘Wherever you want, Miss Taylor,’ I said, and I meant it.
***
I’d intended to stay until around ten but we were having such a good time we left shortly after midnight. Normally, it takes an hour to drive home from Buddy’s place but at night, with snow blowing in the air, it took a while longer and it was twenty-five after one when I stopped outside Steph’s place.
She had not spoken for the past half hour and I had to gently shake her to wake her. She yawned and rubbed her eyes.
‘Sorry,’ she said, ‘I fell asleep.’
‘Really?’ I replied, ‘Is that what the snoring was?’
‘Rotten tail,’ she said without any malice. ‘What we doing tomorrow…I mean today?’
I’d been thinking about that. We had four people we needed to talk to, one in Ironton,  two just over the Ohio near Ashland, and one in Huntington. I thought we’d take one each of the Kentuckians and then do the Ironton and Huntington one’s together, but I hadn’t planned on us being up half the night. The first two wouldn’t further the investigation much. They were the pastor and Morden’s mother. Neither would be able to tell us anything about the crime itself. On top of that we were probably going to get a later start than I’d thought, so I decided we’d both do all of them.
‘Get in the office as soon as you can,’ I said. ‘We’re going visiting. We can get dinner on the way back if that’s okay with you.’
‘You don’t have to…’ she began. I laughed.
‘Yes I do,’ I replied. ‘Not only because Marie will kill me if I don’t but also because I want to.’
She stared at me without speaking for a few seconds then leaned forward and kissed my cheek.
‘Thank you,’ she whispered and in an instant she had opened the door and was gone.
‘You’re welcome,’ I replied to the space where she had been.



Chapter Seven

For some reason, despite not getting into bed until after two, I had a restless night and was awake just after seven. I crawled into the shower and just stood there for maybe ten minutes trying to come back to life.
By a quarter to eight I was at my desk, drinking coffee and reading the copy of the police file Buddy had gotten for us. I added a couple of names to our list of people to talk to. They were the guy walking his dog who found Billy Jo and the deputy who found the tarp, if they were still around. Twenty years is a long time. There were also the people at Marshall with her, any boyfriends, maybe sorority members. The list was endless but I hoped to narrow it down when I’d spoken to Heather Price Mortenson, the room mate.
The phone rang. It was Steph.
‘How does a country big breakfast sound?’ she asked.
‘You want to eat again after Marie’s pot roast?’
‘That was twelve hours ago and I’m starving,’
Come to think of it so was I.
‘Ok,’ I said, ‘but only if you get the kind that comes with the extra hash brown.’
‘Get the coffee on boss,’ she replied, ‘I’m on my way.’
There were some days that were just made for hot biscuits and gravy. I don’t think Steph and I said more than half a dozen words to each other while we were eating. I put the last morsel of hash brown into my mouth, chewed and swallowed before wiping my hands on a napkin.
‘That,’ I told her, ‘was good.’
She grinned.
‘I can tell. It’s all over your face,’ she replied.
‘I’ll wash up and we can get going,’ I replied. ‘What’s the weather?’
Before she could reply my cell phone rang. I picked it up and looked at the screen. It was Carne Law again and before eight thirty in the morning. I grimaced, opened the phone and put it to my ear.
‘Witton,’ I said.
‘I have Mr. Jefferson Carne for you Mr. Witton,’ a female voice said. There was a pause then a click.
‘Mr. Witton. Good morning sir, how are you this morning?’ He sounded more pompous and full of false good humor than ever. He’d got me mad yesterday, since then I’d missed several hours sleep and was feeling it. Hearing his fancy accent just made me even madder. 
‘I’m busy,’ I said shortly. ‘What can I do for you Jeff?’ I knew calling him Jeff would irritate him and, petty as it was it made me feel a little better.
‘Er, about our conversation yesterday,’ he said.
‘The one about your crazy client,’ I said helpfully.
‘The one concerning Mrs. Watson.’ he corrected me. ‘I spoke to her yesterday after we talked and again this morning. She now realizes there was a mistake concerning your fee.’
‘She was pretty mad yesterday wasn’t she Jeff?’ I said. ‘In fact my guess is she was so drunk you couldn’t get any sense out of her and you had to call back this morning in the hope of finding her sober.’
‘Mrs. Watson was unable to confirm an error had been made yesterday,’ he said carefully. ‘She has now done so however, and she is sending a check to this office this morning to meet your fee in full.’
‘Okay,’ I said.
‘That being so may I ask you to come in this morning to discuss your report?’ For a second or two he had sounded shaken again but now the fruitiness and confidence was back in his voice. I sighed loudly.
‘Jeff,’ I said, ‘we went through this yesterday. I’ve done the check thing with your crazy client and she cancelled it. The woman is totally loony tunes and there are just three ways you’re going to get me to talk about that report. You can give me her check, I take it to the bank and we all wait till it’s too late for her to stop it. Alternatively, you can give me one of your firm’s checks and you can try to get the money out of her yourself. Or there’s my personal preference. You can have sixty-five, one hundred dollar bills sitting on your desk when I come in and we take it from there.’
‘That’s preposterous,’ he exploded.
‘That’s the way it’s got to be,’ I told him. There was a long pause and then a different voice came on the phone.
‘Mr. Witton?’ it said. This was an older voice, a more experienced one that was still rich in accent but without the fruity pomposity of Jefferson.
‘Yes,’ I replied.
‘Tobias Carne,’ he said. Tobias was the head of Carne Law and Jefferson’s daddy. He was also a much tougher prospect than his son.
‘Good morning, sir,’ I said.
‘Good morning.’ His sort are always polite even when they truly believe you are beneath their contempt. ‘Your cash will be waiting for you when you arrive, Mr. Witton,’ he continued. ‘At what time can we expect you?’
‘I’m afraid I’m out of the state all day today, Mr. Carne,’ I replied. ‘I can fit you in on Monday if that’s okay?’
He wasn’t thrown at all, there was not the slightest hesitation or quaver in his voice.
‘We were rather hoping to file this morning,’ he said. ‘Your report won’t take long and Mrs. Watson is rather an important client of this firm.’ 
I could have fitted them in, I’d made no arrangements to see any of the witnesses on my list but there was that expectation that I could drop everything at their command again.
‘William J. Wendover is an important client of my firm,’ I replied. ‘I’m already committed to carry out some investigations for him in Ohio and Kentucky today. The best I can do is Monday, unless of course young Jeff is free tomorrow.’
I hadn’t meant to tell him I was working a case for Wendover but Sara Watson had already got me pissed and the whole Carne clan seemed intent on fortifying that feeling.
‘The courthouse is not open for filing tomorrow.’ I had to admit Tobias was smooth. He did not sound in the least perturbed by my calling his beloved offspring ‘young Jeff’. ‘Monday will have to suffice. Shall we say eight-thirty?’
‘Fine,’ I agreed.
‘We’ll see you then,’ he replied. ‘My regards to Mr. Wendover. I’ve represented him many times, he and I are very old friends.’
As a parting shot it was subtle and very threatening. He hadn’t actually said he was going to get Wendover to take me off the case but the implication was there. I guessed I’d better come up with something for Wendover before Monday. Once Carne Law had talked to me about my report on Rick Watson my guess was they would be talking to my client about employing me. You don’t cross Tobias Carne with impunity.
I closed the phone and Steph looked at me.
‘Let me guess,’ she said. ‘The Rotten Ass Sara case again?’ I nodded, my mind still on the conversation I’d just had. ‘You know,’ she continued, ‘it might pay you to do what they want. Get it out of the way and we can concentrate on Wendover.’
‘Not till I get paid,’ I told her. ‘I need the dough. I got staff who are demanding a raise and I need to finance that.’
‘Go and wash up, Mr. Witton sir,’ she said sweetly. ‘You got gravy on your cheek.’
***
I decided to start with the deputy. According to the police report his name was Herb Walcott and a quick call not only told me he was still a deputy but he was still working out of Lawrence County. I spoke to him, told him what it was about and got a sigh of exasperation. He did agree to meet us at the police station on 5th Street in Ironton though.
The police station is typical of such places and Herb is a typical cop. A big guy with a large gut and prematurely receding hair, he was in his twenties when Billy Jo died. I’d put him in his mid forties now and coming up for retirement. That didn’t stop him appreciating Steph though, and his scowl of welcome changed to a grin when he saw her.
He took us to the police canteen and insisted on buying the coffee, probably to impress Steph, who caught on quickly and played the helpless dumb blonde to perfection.
‘Ya know,’ Herb said when we sat down, ‘I kinda thought Lloyd Morden would go away now he’s dead but I guess he won’t.’
I grimaced, seemed a lot of people thought the same. I don’t think Herb noticed my expression, he was too busy grinning at Steph.
‘No, I guess he won’t,’ I agreed.
With an effort he brought his attention back to me.
‘So what can I do for ya?’ he asked.
‘We’d just like to hear your story about what happened the day they found Billy Jo’s body, if that’s okay,’ I replied. He gave a half shrug.
‘I guess so. I told enough people over the years,’ he said, ‘two more ain’t gonna make a difference.’
Steph took out her steno pad and a pencil.
‘Do you mind if I make notes, Deputy?’ she asked in a breathy voice that somehow seemed to convey she was in total awe of him already. I could almost see him preening and had to suppress a grin.
‘You go right ahead,’ he said, reaching out to pat her hand. ‘And you can call me Herb, honey.’ He was looking at Steph and I made a kissing motion with my lips but she maintained her wide-eyed look of awe for a moment before extricating her hand from under his and picking up her pad.
‘Okay, deputy,’ I said. He hadn’t invited me to call him Herb and didn’t do so now. ‘We talked to Detective Rikalsky so we know what he saw but we’d certainly appreciate it if you could tell us what happened from your point of view.’
Herb snorted.
‘Old Tom ’Ski was okay but he got this idea that Morden didn’t do it,’ he said. ‘Me?  I think he was getting senile then. They put his ass back to traffic after that case.’
‘You think Lloyd Morden did do it then?’ I asked.
‘Son,’ he said. I was ten years younger than him at most. ‘He done it. We had him dead to rights and if’n I hadn’t spotted that tarp he’d have gotten away with it.’
‘Tell us what happened,’ Steph said breathlessly. I actually saw him suck some of his gut in and stick his chest out. 
‘Well, it was March back in ’eighty-eight,’ he began. ‘I wasn’t more’n a kid myself.’ Oh, yeah? I thought. By my reckoning he must have been well into his twenties. ‘I was the best trainee they ever had,’ he continued, ‘and I was out on patrol on my ownsome. I was cruising out on ninety-three when I heard the call. I knew the state cops’d appreciate some help so I took me up to Hecla. There was a cop’s cruiser up there and this cop was talking to an old guy with a dog on a leash.’
‘Yeah, we need to talk to that guy too,’ I interrupted. Herb laughed.
‘Well I hope you got a direct line to the Good Lord,’ he said. ‘Feller didn’t even make it to the trial. Had him a heart attack on the parking lot at Wal-Mart and was dead before the ambulance got to him.’
‘That’s terrible,’ Steph said. Herb shrugged.
‘He was an old guy, we didn’t need him at the trial anyways,’ he said callously.
For us it meant one witness we couldn’t interview so I would have to take his police statement just as it was. 
‘Go on deputy,’ I said. ‘You got there and there was just one cop.’
‘Yeah,’ he agreed. ‘I asked him what he was doing and he pointed to the side of the road back aways. Told me the feller with the dog found a body, so I took me a look at her.’
‘Did it look as if she was killed where she was or someplace else?’ I asked.
‘They said it was some place else,’ he replied, ‘We never did find where though.’
‘How did the body look?’ I asked.
‘She was a mess. Pity really, musta been a good looker. Tall and skinny with a good body on her, but she was cut up bad. Morden must have took a real hate to her face. It was all slashed and stabbed. There was a lot of blood but it didn’t throw me none.’
‘Do you remember how she was lying?’
‘On her back, one of her arms was kinda raised above her head and the other was tucked under her. Her legs was bent at the knees and her purse was under her. I reckon he wrapped her in the tarp and just rolled her off of it.’
I reckoned Deputy Herb was probably right but I was still not sure which particular ‘he’ it was who did the rolling. 
‘Anyways,’ he continued. ‘Police cars always attract a crowd so I got me some tape from my cruiser and taped off the area to keep folks back. Tom ’Ski got there just after.’
‘And he asked you to go get a picture of a missing girl for him.’ I prompted.
‘Sure did. Said he needed somebody he could trust cos this missing girl could be the victim, so he asked me if I minded going. I got back in my cruiser and started off to call in to tell the dispatcher where I was at. I wasn’t going fast and I saw this truck with a tarp hanging off the back all covered in blood so I stopped and took me a look.’
I came alert immediately.
‘Hang on,’ I interrupted. ‘You said the tarp was hanging off the back, the report says it was in the back. What exactly do you mean by ‘hanging off’ the back?’
He was flustered. He actually had the grace to go a little red in the face. 
‘Er… it was kinda hanging over the tailgate a little.’ Up to now his voice had been strong and confident but when he said this it was hesitant and his eyes narrowed, as if he didn’t want to say it.
‘How much was hanging over?’ I insisted.
‘I dunno,’ he blustered, ‘Mebbe a foot or so.’
‘Tom Rikalsky says the tarp was in the truck, there’s no mention of it hanging over.’
‘Like I said, old ’Ski was getting senile,’ Herb’s words were hurried and angry as he tried to change the subject. ‘Do you wanna hear the rest or not?’
‘We met him, dep...Herb,’ Steph said. ‘We know exactly what Mr. Rikalsky’s like. Please tell us what happened after you were smart enough to see the tarp.’
Her simpering seemed to mollify him and he managed to give her a grin that was half leer.
‘Well, naturally I called it in and ’Ski comes running over. “That there’s Lloyd Morden’s truck and I guess that’s his cabin.” he says to me, “What do you think we should do?” So I told him we had to bust in and arrest his ass. He didn’t look too happy at that, so I said I’d go in through the back and when he heard me inside he was to come through the front.’
‘That was really brave of you,’ Steph told him. ‘Did he put up a fight?’
Herb laughed.
‘Nah,’ he said. ‘He was drunk in bed. His damned dog made more fuss’n he did. I just hauled him off the bed and put the cuffs on him.’
‘What happened then?’ Steph was really playing up to him and I was finding it hard not to laugh.
‘We had a look round but there was more state troopers coming and I got hauled off to do other things. By the time I finished, the Feds was in charge and none of us got to do no more.’
So that was it. Herb had embellished his story a little to impress Steph but it more or less agreed with Tom Rikalsky’s version except for the bit about the tarp hanging out of the back of the truck. I had no idea what sort of cop Herb was but I was wondering if maybe, when he was young and fresh, he had moved a piece of evidence that just might have created enough doubt to save a man from execution.
We took our leave of him at the door and I walked to the car while he had a couple of last words with Steph. When she got in she was suppressing a giggle.
‘Something funny?’ I asked.
‘I,’ she preened, ‘have just been asked for a date.’ Strangely enough I felt a pang of jealousy despite the fact that Steph and I had never been out on a date.
‘He’s probably married with fourteen kids,’ I told her spitefully.
‘He’s divorced and he has two kids he never sees because their mother took them to live in Florida.’
‘No state tax in Florida,’ I said.
‘I’m sure that consideration didn’t enter her mind,’ she replied. ‘So, what do you think of his story?’
I wanted to ask if she was going to go on a date with Herb but told myself it was none of my concern. We were just working together and what she did in her own time was her business.
‘It more or less agreed with Tom Rikalsky’s,’ I replied. ‘Apart from the bull about how brave he was. The only thing that stands out is when he said the tarp was hanging out of the truck.’
‘Yeah, he forgot himself when he mentioned the tarp. Too busy acting Mr. Big to try to impress me,’ Steph said. ‘Do you think it’s important.?’
‘I think it could have been important to Morden,’ I replied. ‘Any discrepancy in the prosecution case creates a doubt and if the defense could prove one of the officers moved a piece of evidence Morden could have walked free. Juries won’t convict if they think a cop rigged the evidence when the punishment is death.’
Steph shivered.
‘I don’t know how Herb can sleep at night if that’s so,’ she said.
‘Maybe you could ask him,’ I replied lightly. She gave me one of those looks women are so good at.
‘I told him I was seeing someone else,’ she said softly. Immediately that little pang of jealousy was back.
‘Who?’ I asked.
‘You,’ she replied.

***
We split up for the next two. I figured neither of them was going to give us anything about the crime itself but we had to talk to them. I drove over the Ohio at Ironton and then off onto the back roads of northern Kentucky. Trevor Lloyd Morden’s mother lived in an old development full of ramshackle houses and trailer parks. I was dubious about dropping Steph there, but she insisted she was more likely to get something out of the bereaved mother than I was. Beside, she said, she could take care of herself and even if she couldn’t she had her cell phone.
I watched her walk to the door and ring the bell, saw a skinny, dark-haired woman open it and watched them talk for a minute or so. Eventually the woman stepped back, Steph turned, waved and disappeared inside. Still uneasy, I started the car and drove off in search of Pastor Caleb Burke.
I found the church ok. It was a big, low building made of dressed white stone standing on a low hill. As I drove up there was no sign of life except for an old guy dressed in jeans, a blue wind breaker and an old Bengal’s cap. He was doing something with the shrubs growing along the drive and looked up as I arrived.
It was cold when I got out of the car and I shivered as I walked over to the old guy. He saw me coming and straightened up with a wince, a hand going involuntarily to the small of his back. When he took his cap off, he revealed a bald head surrounded by a half circle of white hair. Seeing me look at the hand rubbing his back he smiled ruefully.
‘Old age lad,’ he said. ‘It’ll come to you one day too.’
‘There are some mornings I feel it already has,’ I replied.
‘Nah, you’re only a boy yet.’ he said.
‘I wish,’ I told him. I shivered again, ‘This weather doesn’t help any.’
‘You should get inside,’ he agreed. ‘It’s too cold to be out without a coat.’
‘I will,’ I said, ‘just as soon as I find Pastor Caleb Burke.’
‘Then salvation is at hand, lad,’ he said, ‘for I am he...and right glad I am you came. It means I can go in and have a cup of coffee without my conscience pricking me. Come to the office and have one too.’
I’d been thinking about how I was going to approach this on the way over. I liked Pastor Caleb instinctively and had an idea he wouldn’t lie to me. In any case, I was anxious to get back to Steph so I couldn’t afford the time to beat about the bush.
The office was warm and comfortably untidy. It looked like an absent-minded college professor’s room and I liked it. I liked the coffee too. It was hot and strong and Caleb didn’t insult me by offering cream or sugar. He poured two cups, sat in an old leather easy chair by the fire and indicated I should take another.
‘It’s good to get inside on a day like this isn’t it Mr....?’ he said.
‘Dean Witton,’ I told him.
‘Nice to meet you, Mr. Witton,’ he said. ‘What can I do for you?’
‘You can tell me why you broke the law to smuggle a letter out of jail for Trevor Lloyd Morden,’ I said.
His eyes held mine. He didn’t blink or blush, made no sign of guilt or fear. For perhaps half a minute he was silent.
‘Are you a policeman, Mr. Witton?’ he eventually said.
‘No, Pastor, I’m not,’ I replied. ‘I’m a private investigator.’
‘Working for Mr. Wendover?’ he asked. I nodded and he grimaced. ‘That poor man,’ he continued. ‘He wanted so much to believe he had avenged his daughter. I could have told him vengeance is a task for one who is mightier than he.’ He paused and then added, ‘I suppose now he’ll be seeking to avenge himself on me. Will I go to jail do you think?’
‘No,’ I replied. ‘Mr. Wendover doesn’t know it was you who smuggled the letter out and I see no reason to tell him. The prison authorities know the letter exists and they are supposed to be investigating but I doubt they will press any charges. They’d much rather hush it up although, if they know it was you, I think you might have a problem getting in to see any more prisoners.’
‘Let them try to stop me,’ he replied fiercely.
‘So why did you do it?’ I asked again. His answer was a question.
‘If  Mr. Wendover is not seeking revenge against the sender of the letter what is he seeking?’
‘The letter came as a death bed testimony. It lit a spark of doubt in Mr. Wendover’s mind,’ I replied. ‘I guess if he’s looking for anything it’s confirmation that he did not spend twenty years pursuing the wrong man to his death.’
Pastor Burke shook his head.
‘Then I’m afraid he’s going to be disappointed. I have known Lloyd since before that poor girl was killed and I am utterly convinced he did not do it. That’s why I did what I did. I couldn’t save Lloyd, though the good Lord knows I tried hard enough. All I could do for him was to carry out his last wish, to tell the girl’s father her killer was still free.’
‘It didn’t occur to you that the letter might be a last, vindictive act to get back at Mr. Wendover?’ I asked.
Pastor Burke smiled sadly and shook his head.
‘Like I said,’ he replied, ‘I’ve known Lloyd Morden for a long time, probably as much as thirty years. There is no doubt he was not a good man. His mother used to drag him to church every Sunday, and Wednesday too, if she could find him, in the hope of giving him enlightenment. After he went to prison she visited him every month and I drove her up to Youngstown so I got to see him too. I also wrote to him and these last few years he wrote back occasionally. He was guilty of many things. He lied, he cheated, he stole and yes, he has taken a life. He told me about it. It was a bar fight and a man died but Lloyd never hit a woman.’
‘How can you be so sure?’ I asked.
‘He didn’t need to. Lloyd Morden was one of those rare men who could seduce any woman just by entering a room and smiling at her. He has children, did you know that?’
It was my turn to shake my head. I’d seen no mention of Morden having a family of any sort.
‘No, I didn’t,’ I replied. ‘How many does he have.’
‘I know of five and there are probably more, all grown up now of course and all of them with different mothers. He didn’t marry any of them.’
Maybe here was a reason for Lloyd Morden to kill Billy Jo. Maybe she was demanding marriage and maybe he was saying no, but I couldn’t see it. Apart from the fact he was executed for her murder, there was not a shred of evidence to say the two of them had met more than once. I repeated my previous question.
‘How can you be so sure he didn’t kill Billy Jo?’
He stopped speaking and looked thoughtful for a long minute. From his expression it was as if he were casting his mind back over a couple of dozen years, trying to marshal his thoughts.
Finally, he looked me straight in the eye and when he spoke his voice was low, steady and full of conviction.
‘I got to know Lloyd Morden better than most wives ever get to know their husbands. He told me things about himself he would not tell to another living soul. He had no reason to lie about this, I already knew the depths to which he had sunk and it gained him nothing. I would stake my immortal soul on him being innocent of this crime.’
Well, the conviction in his tone could not be denied. He convinced me that he believed what he was saying. The Judge, the courts, the prison officials and good old Herb from this morning all said Morden killed Billy Jo. Pastor Caleb Burke and Detective Tom Rikalsky both said he didn’t. The odds were stacked against the latter two but I liked them both and had a growing suspicion they might be right. I sighed and got to my feet.
‘Well thank you for your help, Pastor,’ I said, holding out my hand. He rose and gripped it in his.
‘What happens now, Mr. Witton? Is your investigation over? Do I expect to be arrested?’
‘No Pastor,’ I replied. ‘My commission is to look into the murder of Billy Jo Wendover. My only interest in tracing the person who forwarded Lloyd Morden’s letter is in case that person was involved in the crime. I don’t think you were so I’ll continue looking elsewhere.’ I paused and then added, ‘You’ll get no awkward questions because of me Pastor. I doubt the prison service will come to you either, they don’t want the publicity, but my advice if they do knock on your door is to deny it. Not that you will, you’re too honest.’
He smiled at that.
‘Go in peace, Mr. Witton,’ he said. ‘And may the good Lord guide your investigations.’



Chapter Eight

I’d seen nothing in the way of evidence to persuade me that Trevor Lloyd Morden had been executed for a crime he didn’t commit. In fact, everything pointed toward justice having been done except for gaps in the evidence and the belief of two old men, both of whom I’d be happy to call friend. The good guys being on your side didn’t prove anything though and I couldn’t see where any proof Morden was innocent was going to come from. I didn’t know who else we should suspect either but hoped the roomy we were going to talk to after lunch could tell us.
My cell phone rang. Thinking it was Steph I flipped it open and put it to my ear.
‘So, you’re still alive then,’ I said.
‘Mr. Witton?’ It was a girl’s voice, one I should recognize but certainly not Steph’s.
‘Yes?’ I replied, trying frantically to remember where I’d heard her before. She immediately enlightened me.
‘I have Mr. Jefferson Carne for you, Mr. Witton,’ she said. ‘Just one moment sir,’
My heart sank. What the hell did they want with me now, I thought. Seconds later pompous Jeff was telling me.
‘Mr. Witton,’ he sounded as though he definitely thought himself  to be all that today. ‘How are you sir?’ The ‘sir’ was an improvement but it put me on my guard straight away.
‘I’m fine Jeff. You caught me in the car between meetings, what can I do for you?’ I suppose I should have returned the greeting and asked how he was but if he was offended by my bad manners and didn’t call again that was fine with me.
‘I’m doing very well, sir,’ he replied. ‘And I have good news for you, Mr. Witton, very good news. 
I smiled to myself. The guy was an ass. He hadn’t realized I hadn’t asked how he was but had told me anyway. 
 ‘You do?’ I said. ‘Tell me about it, I could do with some good news right about now.’
‘I have your money, Mr. Witton,’ he said. That wasn’t news, the only reason I’d agreed to meet with him was because I was going to get paid. But he had more to tell me. ‘Not only do I have your full fee but also a thousand dollar bonus to make up for any inconvenience caused by the misunderstanding concerning payment for your report.’
That made me sit up and listen. Sara Watson was not the kind of person who tipped anyone. I reckon she would query the check at Wendy’s so why was she paying me a bonus I hadn’t asked for?
‘That’s a surprise,’ I said.
‘There’s more,’ he replied. ‘I had a talk with Mrs. Watson. She now appreciates how hard you worked on this and how helpful your report will be to proving her case. She’s very pleased with what you’ve done and wants you to continue to do it.’
That was ridiculous. In my report she had enough to get husband Rick’s cash and everything else he owned. She didn’t need any more. I told Carne this.
‘I know, I know,’ he said. ‘I’ve tried explaining this to Mrs. Watson but I think she feels guilty about the way she treated you. She’s offering you a thousand dollars a day plus expenses to drop everything else you are doing and to concentrate exclusively on watching Rick twenty-four - seven until the hearing.’
He hadn’t filed yet, that meant it could be a couple of months until the hearing. Sara Watson was offering me between fifty and sixty thousand dollars to do something that would gain her nothing and wasn’t necessary. I didn’t trust her one little bit.
‘No one feels that guilty,’ I said, ‘especially not your crazy client. What’s she up to? Is she going to keep me watching Rick and then bounce another check?’
Carne laughed, it was a false, hollow sound.
‘No, Mr. Witton. The money is here, already lodged with this firm. I can assure you it’s a genuine offer. I’ve told Mrs. Watson further surveillance isn’t necessary but she feels her husband has other lady friends and she suspects she may know them. If that is so, she would wish them to be named.’ He paused and then added, ‘I’m afraid that Mrs. Watson feels very slighted and is inclined to be vengeful, a feeling to which she has every right.’
Now that sounded just like the Sara I knew. A nasty, vindictive bitch who thought her husband was sleeping with her friends. She was probably right, and she wanted me to prove it so she could ensure those friends suffered the pain and humiliation of having their misdeeds exposed. That wasn’t in our contract though and I wouldn’t do it anyway, not for her.
‘Sorry, Jeff,’ I said. ‘All my resources are already committed to another client. I can’t accept Mrs. Watson’s offer.’
‘Your other client is Wendover?’ He didn’t sound so cocky and sure of himself now. In fact, he’d lost some of his fancy accent and there was a vicious undertone to his words.
‘I am working for Mr. Wendover,’ I admitted.
‘Don’t count on it.’ There was a definite threat in his voice now. ‘You may find Mr. Wendover no longer has need of your services.’
‘I see,’ I said.
‘Think about it, Witton. You have an hour and then the offer goes to somebody else.’
‘I wish them luck with your crazy client,’ I replied. ‘See you on Monday, Jeff.’ I didn’t wait for a reply but broke the connection.
As we talked I had continued to drive and now turned into the subdivision where I’d dropped Steph. I saw her straight away. She was outside the house and was pressing buttons on her cell phone. When she saw me she flipped it shut and dropped it into her purse. I stopped and she got in.
‘Jeez!’ she said, ‘Am I ever glad to see you.’
‘You okay?’ I asked.
‘Yeah, I’m fine,’ she replied. ‘Feel I need a shower after being in there is all.’
‘Bad, huh?’
She shivered and pulled a face.
‘First of all tell me how old Morden was,’ she replied. I tried to remember. He’d been forty-one at the time of the crime and that was twenty-one years ago.
‘He’d be between sixty-one and sixty-two,’ I told her. ‘Why?’
‘Because that means his mother must be at least seventy-five. There isn’t a gray hair on her head, her makeup is so thick you could peel it off, she stinks of some cheap perfume and she’s dressed like she was in high school.’
‘Sounds attractive.’ I commented. 
‘Oh she is,’ Steph replied. ‘She’s a real piece of work. The whole family is.’
‘The family?’ 
‘Drive while you still got your hubcaps and I’ll tell you about it,’ she said. I did just that, leaving the subdivision and heading back toward the Ohio.
‘When I rang the bell she answered,’ Steph began. ‘I told her who I was and asked her if I could talk to her about her son. The first thing she wanted to know is how much I was willing to pay her to talk to me. I told her I wasn’t paying anything and she told me to go screw myself.’
‘Nice,’ I said. She grinned.
‘Talks tough but when I told her she could sue the ass off the state if we proved Lloyd didn’t do it she changed her mind. Told me to come in, sit myself down, even asked me if I wanted a beer though I reckon she was glad when I said no. Then she wheeled the rest of them in.’
‘Who were they?’ I asked. She shrugged.
‘I missed about half of them. I think there were three of Lloyd’s kids, the good Lord knows how many of his grand kids, his half sister and his brother. Now he’s the one should be locked up. He kept saying, “She’s purty” over and over and trying to touch my hands and my hair.’
‘Why didn’t you call me?’ I asked.
‘Take my cell phone out in there?’ Steph said, ‘Ain’t no way I was going to let them know I’d got one, they’d have taken it.’
‘So what did you do?’
‘I told Morden’s mother that this was her one chance to tell me what she knew and if I had to leave because her family wouldn’t let me be, she might lose any chance she had of getting cash. That changed things fast, she started hollerin’ and in about two seconds they’d all gone again except for the woman who was supposed to be the half sister.’
‘And what did you find out?’ I asked. She laughed and shook her head.
‘Well, Lloyd’s mother swore her boy never did anything wrong. She got out the family pictures and showed me. He was a good-looking guy all right, lots of pics of him having fun with kids, partying in bars, that sort of thing.  She said he never hurt anyone, didn’t steal anything, didn’t do drugs. According to her he was framed.’
I pulled a face. I guess I should have known we’d get nothing from Morden’s family. They were duty bound by blood to say he was innocent but they had no proof.
‘Yeah,’ I said, ‘he was framed and of course they don’t know why, how or who by but they know he didn’t do it.’
‘Oh but they do know why and they know who,’ Steph said with an aren’t-I-so-smart smirk on her face.
‘Okay,’ I said, ‘surprise me.’
‘William J. Wendover,’ she replied. That was more of a shock than a surprise. Given all that had happened since Billy Jo’s death it was also ludicrous. The man had been determined Morden would pay for killing his daughter.
‘How the hell do they expect anyone to buy that?’ I asked.
‘They don’t.’ she replied. ‘They tried saying it once and got so many lawyers on their case telling them if they said it again they’d all go to jail they got scared and didn’t repeat it. I had to promise I wouldn’t say it came from them before I got the story.’
‘And what is the story.’
‘Ok,’ she said, ‘According to the half sister Lloyd told her before the murder that he was seeing what he called a rich-chick. From what she said the girl had fallen out with her daddy big time. He’d cut her off without a cent because he didn’t like her boyfriends and had even sworn to kill her if she didn’t toe the line and do what he told her.’
‘And this wasn’t brought out at the trial?’ I seriously doubted it would have made any difference to the verdict but it might have cast the tiniest hint of doubt that could have changed the sentence. Steph shook her head.
‘The woman claims she was sick when the crime occurred and for a long time after. Looking at her I’d be surprised if she wasn’t a junkie and so far out of it she didn’t know what year it was. She tried telling the lawyers for the third appeal but the defense decided not to use her.’
And rightly so. That sort of hearsay evidence might have influenced a jury at the original trial but brought out several years later and naming the victim’s father as a suspect it had no chance of being believed.
 ‘But if they think Wendover did it why do they think he was so determined to see Morden executed?’
‘Because Lloyd was trailer trash and slept with Wendover’s daughter. They think he was punishing him for getting ideas he shouldn’t have.’
I shook my head. It was ridiculous. 
 ‘Any more?’ I asked. Steph shook her head. 
‘Nope,’ she replied. ‘Apart from them saying Lloyd’s lawyer didn’t believe he did it that’s all I got. I had to promise to let them know if there was any progress but they got nothing else. It’s all just rumor and hearsay. No pictures, no letters, nothing. How’d you do?’
I shrugged, my mind was turning over the possibility that Wendover himself might have committed the crime but nothing seemed to support that. If he had done it, why had he done it? What could possibly make a man like him kill his own daughter? Even if he had, why had he ensured Morden died for the crime? Finally, there was the biggest question of all. If he’d done it and had hounded Morden to his death to cover up, why had he hired me to reinvestigate it? It made no sense and I dismissed the thought.
‘It was the Pastor who smuggled the letter out,’ I said. ‘I guess they didn’t keep a close eye on him. He’s a nice guy, very sincere and convinced that Lloyd didn’t do it but again he has absolutely no proof.’
‘So where does that leave us?’
‘It leaves us with another suspect,’ I replied. I didn’t believe it for a minute but, remote as the possibility was, it was the only alternative we had. ‘Although,’ I added, ‘I hope it isn’t true because if it is we don’t get paid and I just turned down the only other fifty grand contract we’re likely to get.’
Steph stared at me, her eyes wide with disbelief.
‘You did what?’ she said. ‘Why?’
‘Because it was Rotten Ass Sara. She wanted to pay us to keep tailing Rick so she could get her claws into all his girlfriends. There’s no way I’m ever working for that woman again.’
Steph’s eyes were round with disbelief.
‘She wanted what?’ she said.
‘You heard right,’ I replied.
‘Wow,’ she said, ‘she really is crazy. You said no?’
‘I did,’ I confirmed.
‘Good, you can take me to Subway for lunch to celebrate.’
‘Is food all you ever think about?’ I asked her for the third or fourth time. She looked at me gravely.
‘Ask me again after dinner,’ she replied.




Chapter Nine

Heather Price Mortenson was a big woman. At six-two I weighed around two hundred pounds, she’s five-four and my guess is she’s thirty pounds heavier than me. She lived in a big black and white house in a nice neighborhood on the south side of Huntington. There was no sign of Mr. Mortenson when we arrived but she was expecting us because I’d got Steph to call ahead.
She didn’t seem too pleased to see us when we arrived at a quarter till two. She led us into a family room with a couple of couches, a side table and a big, flat screen TV in it. Several pictures stood on the table, mostly of a chubby, spotty-faced teenage boy and a blonde girl of about sixteen. There was also one of her with a bald guy who looked to be as heavy as she was and another of a slim, dark, good-looking young man in a Marshall sweatshirt.
‘I have to go pick up my kids from the school bus in an hour,’ were her first words.
‘That’s fine, Mrs. Mortenson,’ Steph reassured her. ‘We won’t keep you long. As I said when I called we’re investigating Billy Jo Wendover’s murder and we need some background information from you.’
‘Thought when they killed that Morden guy this’d all be over,’ Mrs. Mortenson grumbled. 
‘Maybe it will soon, Mrs. Mortenson,’ I said, ‘It depends what we find out and whether anyone wants to take it further.’
‘Ain’t nothing to find out,’ she replied. ‘He killed her and now he’s dead. That’s it.’
‘You may be right,’ Steph said. ‘Thing is though some people aren’t satisfied so we need to look at it just once more.’
‘Maybe you could start by giving us a little background,’ I added. ‘Tell us how you met her, how you came to move in together, that sort of thing.’ 
She shrugged.
‘We met at college when we were both freshmen. We took a lot of the same classes. I got this thing about languages. I helped Billy Jo with her French; she helped me with my math.’ She held her arms out and looked down at her own bloated stomach. ‘You wouldn’t think it to look at me now but I was a skinny kid back then and I loved to party, so did Billy Jo. We got to be friends.’ She looked at Steph. ‘Twenty years ago I was as good looking as you. I had the guys lining up for blocks but then I had kids. Don’t have kids, girl. They ruin your figure.’
‘So when did you guys move in together?’ I asked.
‘Towards the end of the second semester. She had a big fight with her daddy. Turned up on my doorstep crying and stuff so I let her stay with me a couple of nights but that wasn’t working. My pa had left us and we was in a two-bedroom house with ma and four kids. Billy Jo got to sleep on the couch but that was no good so we got the place in Sybene. Moved in April of ’eighty-seven.’
‘What was the fight with her daddy about, do you know?’
‘Money. He was paying her bills, thought that meant he could tell her what to do, what friends she could have, where she could go, that sort of stuff. He treated her like she was still in elementary school.’
‘If you moved in together in April of ‘eighty-seven you were living together nearly a year then,’ Steph said. ‘You must have known her pretty well. What was she like? Was she popular? Did she belong to a sorority? Have lots of friends? Boyfriends?’
Heather laughed.
‘Honey,’ she said, ‘they wouldn’t have her in a sorority. She was hated by nearly every girl in school and loved by all the boys.’
Steph and I looked at each other.
‘Why was that?’ I asked.
‘You asked if she had boyfriends.’ Heather replied. ‘Sure, she had boyfriends. Anybody’s boyfriend, their fiancés, husbands, brothers, even a couple of fathers and when I say she had them I mean she had them. The girl could have made a fortune as a whore; she’d screw anything male with a pulse.’ 
‘Was there anyone in particular?’
She shook her head, setting her fat jowls shaking.
‘No, she was having too much fun screwing around,’ she said.
‘You say she had a fight with her father. Presumably when she left home he stopped giving her cash. How did you guys live? Was the place in Sybene yours? Did you rent?’
‘It was rented.’ When she was talking about her old roommate’s sexual exploits Heather had been smiling and straightforward, now there was a note of wariness in her voice.
‘How did you guys pay the rent? Did you work?’ I asked. I’d remembered what Tom Rikalsky had said about it being odd the rich girl worked and the poor one didn’t.
‘Billy Jo had some money saved at first. After that she got a couple of jobs waitressing then she took some classes and that last winter she got a job doing taxes for people.’
She was definitely feeling uncomfortable now. She shifted in her seat as if she were anxious to stand and move away and her eyes were everywhere except on mine.
‘And what about you?’ I asked. ‘How did you keep yourself?’
‘I got by,’ she said airily and then abruptly she stood up and changed the subject. ‘I really got to go meet my kids now.’
She was actually walking towards the door. I looked at my watch, it said ten after two. Her kids wouldn’t be on a bus for at least forty-five minutes.
‘No you don’t,’ I said. ‘You need to tell us how you paid your share of the rent for the Sybene house.’
She turned, her face was flushed and her eyes had narrowed in anger.
‘I don’t have to tell you nothing,’ she said. ‘I didn’t kill Billy Jo. I didn’t do anything wrong. The son of a bitch who did it is dead and I don’t have to answer any questions about it any more. Now get out of my house.’
She was right. We had no official standing, no authority to demand answers. If she refused to talk to us there was absolutely nothing we could do about it. But it was plain she had something to hide and I had an idea what it was.
‘Maybe you’d prefer it if we took it to court and subpoenaed you, then you could tell the judge you don’t have to answer. I’m sure a few weeks in jail would persuade you to talk.’
I was talking garbage of course. We had nothing to go to court for but she didn’t know that. She seemed at a loss for words so I decided to try something that had been running through my mind.
‘Do you want me to tell you how you made your money?’ I asked. She just glared at me, her face scarlet with fury.
‘I think you made it spying on your friend,’ I said. ‘I think you got paid to tell her daddy who she was seeing and what she was doing. I’ll bet you opened her mail, went through her purse, listened to her calls and told Wendover every little thing his daughter did.’ It was a guess but it was a reasonable one. Heather had called Billy Jo’s father very early after her body was found, she must have had the number and I couldn’t imagine William J. Wendover just writing off his daughter, he was a control freak, not the sort to give up on anything, especially his only child.
She didn’t reply. Her face was still red but the anger had gone from her expression and something akin to fear had replaced it.
‘How’d you know that?’ she asked, moving back to her chair and almost collapsing into it.
‘You’d be surprised how much we know,’ I said mysteriously. ‘You want to tell us how it happened?’
‘I can’t,’ she almost sobbed. ‘He said I was never to tell anyone.’
‘We work for him too, if you don’t tell us then we’ll ask him about it and he’s going to think you told us anyway.’
She was definitely crying now, tears running down her fat face.
‘I didn’t do anything wrong,’ she protested. ‘He was just worried about Billy Jo is all. She got busted a couple of times for possession. He had to fix it with the cops and her grades were slipping. She got straight As in high school but she was getting Bs and Cs at Marshall. He thought she was mixing with the wrong crowd. She was going to get a lot of money when she was twenty-one and he didn’t want anyone hanging around her just for that. He asked me to tell him who she saw and where she went. He paid my share of the rent and gave me a few bucks on top. It was for her own good and did her no harm.’
‘This didn’t come out at the trial?’
‘No one ever asked about it.’
I nodded. My guess had been right. I was surprised nobody at the time of the murder had wondered why Heather contacted Wendover so quickly, but then Rikalsky was taken off the case before he could investigate anything properly and the FBI was faced with a perpetrator who had virtually been caught in the act.
‘Ok, now we know you worked for Wendover and told him what Billy Jo was doing. Take us through what happened from the last time you saw Billy Jo alive until you called the man to tell him his daughter was dead.’
‘You won’t tell him you know I was telling him what Billy Jo was doing?’
‘We won’t tell him, why should we?’ I reassured her. I looked at Steph for confirmation but she was staring at the pictures on the couch table, a puzzled expression on her face.
‘You promise?’ Heather pleaded.
This was getting ridiculous, it was as if she were terrified of Wendover.
‘I promise,’ I said. Steph said nothing. Heather wiped her eyes with a tissue. She sniffed.
‘What do you want to know?’ she asked.
‘When did you last see Billy Jo alive?’
‘In the morning,’ she replied. ‘On the day she died. We both had a math class. Afterwards I went home and she went to work at the tax office.’
‘When was she due back home?’
‘She was supposed to finish at seven but it was tax season and sometimes she came in two or three hours late.’
‘So, ten o’clock. Did she ever go out straight from work?’
Heather shrugged.
‘Not usually. She needed the money so she dressed very professional when she went to work, she dressed different to go out so she’d come home to change.’
‘But that night she didn’t come home at all?’
The color had faded from her face and I’m sure there was the slightest hesitation before she answered. She definitely couldn’t look me in the eyes.
‘No,’ she said.
‘So when did you start to think something was wrong? I asked.
‘Not until the next day. I was visiting with my family, got home about ten and went to bed as soon as I got in. I didn’t realize she hadn’t come home until the next morning.’
‘And you called the police straight away? Why? Hadn’t she ever stayed out all night before?’
Again there was the shifting in the seat and the hesitation before answering.
‘I called Mr. Wendover first, told him she hadn’t been home and he said to call the police and report her missing.’
‘Why?’ I repeated. ‘With what you say about her screwing around, I’d imagine it wasn’t the first time she’d stayed out all night.’
‘Never if she had class next morning. Billy Jo wanted to get her degree.’
‘So why did Mr. Wendover tell you to report  her missing?’
She looked at the carpet just in front of her feet.
‘He said it was time to teach her a lesson. He wanted her to get in trouble with the police so he could fix it for her.’
That didn’t sound right to me. At best all the police would have done was grumble a little about wasting their time and it was more likely to be Heather they complained about than Billy Jo.
‘When did you first know she was dead?’
‘A deputy came to get a picture of her. He said they’d found a girl’s body. A little later a detective came and took me to the morgue...it was horrible. She was all cut up.’
I looked at my watch. It was two thirty, nearly time for her to go for her kids.
‘What about Morden?’ I asked. ‘Did you know him? Had you seen him around?’ Maybe at the school or a bar or somewhere?’
‘I never saw him before.’ The answer was too fast. She almost spat it out and she was really nervous now. 
‘And Billy Jo never mentioned him? She didn’t say anything about being followed? Or seeing strange guys around?’
She shook her head,
‘No, she didn’t say nothing.’
I looked at Steph, she was staring at Heather now.
‘I’m done for now,’ I said. ‘Unless you want to ask anything Steph?’
‘Are those your children?’ Steph asked. Heather glanced at the pictures.
‘They are,’ she said. ‘Tami’s sixteen and Richie’s fourteen.’
‘Nice kids,’ Steph said, standing up. She looked at me, ‘Ready to go?’ she said. ‘Heather has to meet the school bus.’
We said our goodbyes and I’d swear there was a hint of relief in Heather’s eyes as she showed us to the door. We didn’t speak until we were back in the car and I was driving back into Huntington.
‘Where are we going?’ Steph asked abruptly. I’d been thinking over what Heather had told us, or more specifically how she had told us. She appeared afraid of Wendover but it was more than that. She was either a very nervous witness, she wasn’t telling us everything or she was lying about something. I couldn’t work out which it was.
‘It’s too early for dinner. I thought we might go look up Morden’s lawyer and ask him what he knows.’ She gave me a strange look.
‘Do you think we could go back to Kentucky instead?’ she asked. I looked at her.
‘Okay,’ I said. ‘Any particular reason?’
‘I need to look at something at Morden’s mother’s house. It might be important.’
‘Want to tell me what it is?’
She shook her head.
‘No, not yet. I might be wrong and anyway, I want you to see something and tell me what you think without me prompting you.’
We drove back to I-64, turned west and then took 23 towards Ashland. It was one of those strange mid-western days after a cold spell when the sky turns blue, the clouds vanish and the temperature can climb into the seventies. The roads were quiet, I was with a beautiful blonde and we were passing through the incredible scenery of the tri-state area. It would have been a perfect day for a drive if my mind were not concentrating on trying to solve a twenty-year old mystery.
This time I went to the door with Steph. I knocked and it was opened by a woman who could have been any age from sixty on up. She was thin to the point of emaciation, her gray hair was unkempt  and her pupils were huge. She stared at us for several seconds and then recognition slowly dawned.
‘What do ya’ll want agin?’ she asked.
‘Melani, this is my boss, Dean. We need to see your mother for a minute if that’s all right.’ Steph said. She looked at me and added, ‘This is Melani, Lloyd’s half sister.’
‘Pleased to meet you,’ I said. She didn’t reply, just stepped aside and yelled.
‘Ma! It’s that detective gal agin. She brought a feller with her this time and he looks like a cop.’ She glared at me and we stood there awkwardly for half a minute until Lloyd Morden’s mother appeared.
Steph had not been exaggerating. The hair was obviously dyed and in desperate need of a touch up because the white roots were showing. Her makeup was caked on, the eye shadow a vivid shade of green, her lipstick bright red and lavishly applied. She was dressed in a low cut top revealing a tattoo that was partially lost in a maze of wrinkles and knee length pants that should have been tight but were loose above skinny legs disappearing into Hannah Montana tennis shoes. She looked suspiciously at me then turned to Steph.
‘Thought you weren’t comin’ back till you had some evidence,’ she said. ‘And you brung a cop too.’
‘I’m not a cop,’ I said.
‘He’s my boss,’ Steph explained.
‘Looks like a cop,’ the old lady said. ‘What’s he want anyway?’
‘You showed me some pictures of Lloyd,’ Steph said. ‘I need him to take a look at one of them.’
‘Why? What’s wrong with it?’
Steph sighed.
‘I told you before, we’re here to try to prove Lloyd didn’t do it. If we do then you can sue the ass off the court, the state and the governor. This picture might help us do that but if you don’t let us see it we can’t do anything.’
The old woman’s brow furrowed in thought. After a few seconds she nodded, turned and led us into the house. At one time the walls had been painted but it was a long time ago and the whole place looked dingy. We were taken to a small lounge with mismatched furnishing that all looked as if they could do with a clean. Steph and I sat on the edge of a couch that had seen better days and the old lady sent Melani to get the pictures. They were in a battered old shoebox and there were about three dozen of them. Steph took them out and flicked through them. After a moment she took one and discarded the rest. She looked at it just once and nodded then she handed the picture to me.
I recognized Lloyd straight away. He looked very like he had in his arrest pictures except here he was in some bar, he was grinning and surrounded by people. Across the top of the bar behind him was a banner saying Happy New Year 1988. I looked at the picture closely. Lloyd had a beer bottle in his hand, raised as if toasting the picture taker. His pupils were huge. On either side of him was a girl. The one on the left was a redhead. She was leaning over towards him, a smile on her face and her mouth open as if she were speaking. The other was a blonde, sitting back in her seat, her face tilted up and obviously laughing. Behind these three were perhaps a dozen others, all laughing and smiling. 
I couldn’t see what was so interesting about the picture and, looking at Steph, I raised my eyebrows in question. Lloyd’s mother and sister were looking over us, waiting for someone to speak.
‘You don’t see it?’ Steph queried. I looked at the picture again and shook my head. She took it from me, used her left hand to cover part of it and then showed me again. Only the blonde and one or two people in the background were visible.
‘Who’s that?’ she demanded. I looked and started to shake my head then it hit me.
‘Heather’s daughter?’ I asked incredulously.
‘In ’eighty-eight? Heather didn’t have a daughter then, that’s Heather herself.’
It was. The resemblance to her daughter was uncanny but this had to be Heather and that meant she’d lied to us. I looked at Lloyd’s mother.
‘Do you know who these people are?’ I asked holding out the picture. She took it and squinted at it shortsightedly for a few seconds.
‘That’n could be Tommy Roy,’ she said tapping one of the men in the background with a badly painted nail. ‘But I can’t be sure and its too late to ask him, he done wrecked his car and hisself down to Powell County.’
‘What about the girls?’ I asked. She shook her head and held the picture out to her daughter.
‘Melani,’ she said, ‘do ya’ll know these gals?’ Melani slowly shook her head. It seemed she was having difficulty focusing.
‘No Ma,’ she whined, ‘I can’t hardly recognize Lloyd no more.’
It seemed they didn’t know the girl who had been Heather Price when the picture was taken so I decided to try another tack.
‘Have you ever shown this to any of Lloyd’s lawyers?’ I asked.
‘No,’ the mother replied. ‘Why would we? Its only got Lloyd on it.’
I bought the picture from them for twenty dollars and the promise that it would be returned once I’d finished with it. When we got back into the car I looked at Steph.
‘How’d you do it?’ I asked. ‘I mean it’s obvious now but not from memory.’ She grinned.
‘I own a hair and beauty shop, remember?’ she said. ‘It’s my job to look at women’s faces and hair. The moment I saw the kids’ picture on that table I knew I’d seen her before but I couldn’t recall where. Then it came to me, but I wasn’t sure so I had to come back and look.’ She hesitated and then added, ‘I know it means she lied about knowing Lloyd but what else does it prove?’ 
‘It doesn’t prove anything,’ I told her. ‘Not yet but it doubles our list of suspects. If she lied about this there has to be a reason and maybe that reason is because she killed Billy Jo. When we started out this morning we had no alternate to Lloyd, now we have two and you’ve supplied both of them. Remind me to give you a raise.’
‘I’d rather have dinner,’ she said. I looked at my watch. It was just on four o’clock. We could be back in Teays Valley in an hour.
‘What’s your favorite food,’ I asked.
‘Lobster,’ she said without hesitation and then added, ‘see? I’m not a cheap date.’
‘Red lobster?’ I said, ‘Corridor G?’ That was in Charleston and about two hours away given the time and the traffic. She nodded,
‘We could go to the one in Huntington,’ she said. ‘It’s nearer.’ I shook my head.
‘We’d be there too early,’ I replied. ‘Let’s make this a proper dinner date.’
‘Yes Dean,’ she said quietly.
***
Dinner was perfect. As we were going back past Teays Valley Steph insisted she needed to stop off to shower and change so I dropped her at her place and went back to the office for an hour. It doesn’t take me long to shower and slip into some casual clothes. I did that, put the police report and other notes on the case with my laptop in its case and stowed it in the trunk of the car. I wasn’t sure but I kind of hoped I wouldn’t be coming back here to sleep tonight.
Steph looked stunning when I picked her up. She wore a simple, tight, white, wooly top and dark pants. It wasn’t elaborate but it hinted at her figure and she had done something with her hair and makeup that made me catch my breath.
It was nearly eight when we got to the restaurant. The early dinner rush had gone but we still had to wait in the bar for ten minutes for a table. I’d thought we could talk over the case but this wasn’t the night for that. Instead we talked about anything and everything that came into our heads. I’d eaten with Steph a hundred times before, mostly breakfast in the office or occasionally, if I had no work, a sandwich for lunch in her store. I knew she was smart, witty and funny but this was different and I got to know more about her in the following couple of hours than I’d ever known before.
I didn’t pay the check until around ten thirty and then I held the door open for Steph and followed her out. Somehow on the walk back to the parking lot her hand slipped into mine and it felt good. When we got into the car she leaned over and kissed my cheek.
‘Thank you,’ she whispered. After that we were mostly silent on the forty minute drive back to her place, each of us lost in our own thoughts. I looked at her occasionally and she smiled back. I was happy with the way things were going.
Steph’s folks owned a farm. A few hundred acres comprising a valley in the steeply wooded hills of this part of West Virginia. She’d been brought up there but since becoming independent she had bought one of the several houses that stood on the property from her parents and now lived in it.
It was an old house but she kept it immaculate. I stopped the car on the Old Creek Road outside it and turned to her. She smiled and impulsively I reached out and stroked her cheek. For a moment she closed her eyes and enjoyed the light touch of my fingertips on her smooth skin then she opened them again.
‘Did you bring your jammies?’ she asked huskily.
‘Don’t wear them,’ I replied as I leaned forward and lightly brushed her lips with mine. The kiss deepened, her arms snaked around my neck and I could feel her fingers in my hair. Her lips were wonderfully soft as they parted under mine and she turned slightly in her seat so the side of her breast was pressed against my arm.
And then the cell phone rang.
Steph actually jumped at the first ring and our lips broke contact. I tried to recapture the moment but the sound of the phone was insistent. She twisted her face away from mine.
‘Whoever it is they aren’t going to go away,’ she whispered. ‘Better answer it while I open the door, its warmer in the house.’
I gave her one last peck on the lips and reached for the phone.
‘Durned thing,’ I cussed as I picked it up and flipped it open.
‘Hello?’ I said, none too politely.
‘Dean Witton?’ A woman’s voice asked.
‘Yes,’ I replied, ‘who is this?
‘It’s the fire department,’ she said. ‘I’m sorry to disturb you Mr. Witton but we have a report of a fire in progress at a store you own in Teays Valley. We think you ought to get down there.’
‘A fire?’ I repeated stupidly.
‘Yes sir,’
‘What sort of fire?’ It was a durned silly question but my mind was spinning and I couldn’t think straight.
‘We think you need to get down there as soon as you can sir,’ she said carefully.
‘Er...okay, yeah. I’m on my way,’ I said.
‘Thank you sir,’ she said and then the phone went dead.
I sat there just staring out into the night for perhaps a minute. My store was on fire. No, my home was on fire. Everything I had apart from the clothes I was wearing and my laptop was in that store. Realization came suddenly. Everything I owned. I opened the car door and ran up the path to Steph’s door. Without waiting to knock I opened it and went in.
She was in the room to the right. A comfortable sitting room with a log fire and the lighting turned low. Instead of her top and pants she was wearing a pale, silky robe.
‘Wha..?’ she began to speak but I interrupted.
‘It was the fire department,’ I blurted out. ‘The office’s on fire.’
Her reaction was faster than mine. For a second she looked stunned then she pulled at the belt of the robe and it dropped to the floor. Underneath she was wearing a black, lacy bra and panties. She grabbed the white top from the back of a chair.
‘Quit staring and pass me my pants,’ she snapped. Even though my life was going up in flames it was hard to stop staring. She was perfect in every way. I managed it somehow though and passed the pants over. In seconds she was dressed again and putting on her shoes.
‘Did they say how bad it was?’ she asked.
‘No, just said to get down there was all,’ I replied. She stood up.
‘Okay, what are you waiting for? Let’s go,’ she said and ran to the door.

Chapter Ten

I think I broke every speed limit on the way to the office but long before we got there I knew I’d lost everything. As we breasted the rise just south of  Steph’s place we could see a glow on the skyline that got increasingly brighter as we got nearer.
There was a line of about thirty cars crawling past the scene and a state trooper stood in the median waving them on. It looked impossible to get on the parking lot. There were three fire engines and at least half a dozen police cruisers as well as an ambulance there. I joined the line and crawled forward. Finally I got to the trooper and wound my window down.
‘Keep going! Keep going!’ he yelled. ‘This ain’t no peep show!’
‘I’m Dean Witton,’ I said, ‘that’s my store that’s burning.’
He stared at me then turned and waved to a cop whose cruiser was blocking the entrance to the parking lot.
‘One coming in,’ he yelled. The cop waved back and got into his car to move it while the trooper turned back to me. ‘When he moves aside pull onto the lot and ask for the chief,’ he said.
My store was the last in a line of half a dozen. Its windows and door were gone and flames climbed to the sky where the roof had been. There were fire hoses everywhere but they didn’t seem to be doing anything to my place, it wasn’t worth it. Instead the water was playing on what was left of Western Electrical next door.
We found the chief sitting on the tailgate of a red painted truck. He was a guy of about fifty, his hair was gray and his face ruddy. He was talking on a cell phone as we walked over, Steph’s hand firmly gripped in mine. The chief finished his call and looked at us.
‘Who are you?’ he asked.
‘Dean Witton,’ I replied. ‘I own...I owned that place.’ I nodded towards the fire-blackened remains of my store.
‘And you?’ he asked Steph.
‘Stephanie Taylor. That’s my place down there, Steph’s Hair and Nails.’
The stores were in two rows on either side of the parking lot. Steph’s place was in the row opposite mine and there was no sign of fire or activity over there.
‘Then your place is probably okay,’ the chief told her. He turned his attention back to me. ‘Yours, Mr. Witton is gone.’
‘You couldn’t save anything?’ I asked. He pushed his helmet on to the back of his head.
‘Mr. Witton,’ he said, ‘when were you last here?’
I shrugged and looked at Steph.
‘Maybe seven this evening?’ I said. ‘I got to your place at what? Seven ten?’
She nodded.
‘That’s right,’ she agreed.
‘Then you’re lucky,’ the chief said.
‘Lucky?’ I echoed.
‘Yeah, lucky,’ he confirmed. ‘Somebody doesn’t like you. About an hour ago some dude threw a bottle loaded with maybe sixteen ounces of some accelerant through your window and added a match. If you was in there when it happened you’d be dead.’
‘You mean this was deliberate?’ I asked. He frowned.
‘Where were you an hour ago, Mr. Witton?’ he asked. I knew what he was saying straight away. He was wondering if I had torched my own place for insurance or something.
‘Charleston,’ I replied. ‘We went to dinner at Red Lobster.’
He nodded.
‘Cops are going to want to talk to you anyway,’ he said.
The cop who wanted to talk to me was Blowsavic. He’d been a patrolman when I was and he was a buddy of the guy I smacked. He hadn’t liked me then, he didn’t like me now. The difference was now he was a sergeant and feeling important.
‘Okay Witton, what’s the deal here?’ he asked. What with losing all I owned I was feeling kind of pissed and his attitude rubbed me up the wrong way.
‘The deal, asshole, is you show me some respect or my lawyer is going to be screaming at the police commissioner demanding your badge,’ I snarled back at him.
‘Yeah, yeah, heard it all before,’ he said. ‘Now tell me the story before I throw your sorry ass in jail for obstructing an investigation.’
‘What story?’ I demanded.
‘Why you torched the place, you piece of shit.’ He was asking for me to bust him in the face. Literally asking for it because he wanted to bust me back and then arrest me for assaulting a police officer. I was so mad I was going to oblige him.
‘Excuse me officer,’ Steph said. ‘Can you give me your badge number please?’
‘The fuck I can,’ he replied. ‘Who are you? His whore?’
That did it. I stepped forward and raised my fist but Steph put her arm out and stopped me bopping him one.
‘No,’ she said sweetly. ‘I’m a taxpayer, I’m a business owner, I’m the person who is going to have your badge if he doesn’t...oh, and I’m the niece of the state Attorney-General.’
That got Blowsavic. You could almost see the thoughts chasing each other through his puny mind. He didn’t mind bad mouthing me and my date when there were no witnesses and he’d be only too happy for me to throw a punch at him but he didn’t want to upset authority. He opened his mouth as if to say something then thought better of it and shut it again. I still wanted to hit him but for the moment it was fun watching him open and close his mouth like a fish. He was saved by an old friend.
‘Hey Dean,’ a voice said, ‘sorry about this, buddy.’ I turned, it was Mike Thomas. He had also been a cop when I was. He was a good one though, and was now a lieutenant.
‘Sorry about what, Mike?’ I asked, ‘The fire or this asshole?’
‘Is there a problem here?’ Mike asked.
‘Only Witton’s smart mouth...’ Blowsavic began but Mike was tipping his hat.
‘Evening ma’am,’ he said to Steph. ‘How’s your uncle doing?’
I swear Blowsavic went white and took a couple of steps backwards. Steph laughed.
‘He’s just fine,’ she said.
‘Er...I’ll get on and leave you to it then lieutenant.’ Blowsavic said. He was already walking away.
‘Yeah, you do that,’ Mike said and Blowsavic was gone.
‘I didn’t know the State Attorney General was your uncle,’ I said to Steph.
‘Neither does he, ‘Steph replied. She held her hand out to Mike. ‘Steph Taylor,’ she said. ‘Thank’s Lieutenant...?’
‘This is Mike Thomas,’ I introduced him, looking from one to the other of them in puzzlement. They shook hands and both laughed.
‘I overheard what the lady said to dumbass Blowsavic,’ Mike explained. ‘He’s stupid but he can’t help it, once he gets an idea in his thick skull he has difficulty losing it. He’s one of them who thought you got what you deserved.’
‘He nearly got what he deserved,’ I said.
‘Then it’s lucky your friend here thinks faster than you,’ Mike told me. ‘Assaulting a police officer isn’t considered funny even when the officer wouldn’t make dumb on an IQ test.’
‘Might have been worth it,’ I muttered.
‘Dean!’ Steph said. She was right of course, hitting Blowsavic would have been a dumb thing to do.
‘Okay, okay,’ I conceded. ‘Between you, you saved my ass. I owe you.’
‘Don’t you forget it,’ Steph said. Mike nodded.
‘So, what’s the deal here Dean?’ he asked.
‘That’s what Blowsavic wanted to know,’ I answered.
‘Yeah,’ Mike said, ‘but he wanted to arrest your ass, I’m trying to find out why some SOB tried to fry it. What are you working on that might rile the wrong people?’
I shrugged. 
‘Nothing as far as I know,’ I replied. ‘We just finished a divorce case and now we’re looking into a twenty year old murder but we’ve got nowhere with that so there’s no reason why anyone would want to stop us.’ I thought for a second about what he’d said and then asked, ‘You don’t think it was a professional hit do you?’
Mike shook his head.
‘Shouldn’t think so. A couple of kids saw it. They said they were talking in the guy’s car but they were probably making out. Anyway, they saw the lights of a car as it came onto the parking lot and stopped. A few seconds later they heard breaking glass and then your place exploded and the car took off like a bat out of hell.’
‘Did they get a plate?’ I asked. Again Mike shook his head.
‘No, best they could come up with was it was a big, light colored sedan with one person in it. The girl said it was a Lexus but the guy said it wasn’t.’ That was almost useless. Every second vehicle in West Virginia is a truck and I suppose it eliminated those but out of the rest of the rides in the state a hell of a lot are big and light colored.
‘Were you insured?’ Mike asked. He said it in a friendly way but he’s a good cop and even though he doesn’t believe I torched my own place he was asking the right questions. I nodded.
‘Yeah, insurance came with the mortgage deal,’ I told him.
‘How much?’ he asked. I shrugged. If Blowsavic had asked the question I’d have gotten mad but I knew Mike was just doing his job.
‘No idea,’ I told him honestly. ‘It covered the building and contents but the papers were in there,’ I nodded at the still smoldering wreckage. ‘You’ll have to ask the bank for a figure.’
‘Ok,’ he said. ‘You’re going to have to make a statement. You want to do it in my car now or come by in the morning?
I looked at Steph.
‘You got your keys, honey?’ I asked.
‘Of course,’ she said. ‘And I can make fresh coffee.’
***
It was after three in the morning when we finished. Mike yawned, picked up his notes and stood up.
‘I’ll be in touch,’ he said. ‘Say bye to sleeping beauty for me.’ Steph was asleep in one of the chairs in her salon and had been for the past hour while Mike and I lollygagged about old times. I walked to the door with him. Outside there was just my ride, his, one lone police cruiser and a fire truck left on the parking lot. It was dark, there were no longer any flames although the air was heavy with the scent of smoke. Mike turned and held out his hand. I shook it.
‘What are you going to do, Dean?’ he asked. I shrugged.
‘No idea,’ I said. ‘Like I told you, there’s a fire-proof safe in there somewhere with a couple of grand working money in it and I have my laptop with the case we’re working now on but everything else is gone. I grinned at him. ‘It’s like getting divorced all over again except she’d have taken the damned safe too.’
He nodded towards Steph.
‘What about her?’ he asked. ‘Think she’d let you sleep over?’
‘No chance,’ I said. Mike was an old buddy but that didn’t mean I had to tell him everything. ‘Tonight was our first date, after this there may not be another so asking to move in is probably a little premature.’
‘Okay,’ he said. ‘Call me with an address when you have one and I’ll let you know if we find anything.’
I watched him walk to his car. My mind was churning. The police had no idea who had torched my place and neither had I but I couldn’t get away from the feeling it was something to do with the Morden case. Somehow, somewhere, Steph and I had trodden on a toe and someone was upset. I needed to go through my notes and the reports we’d accumulated but first I needed to get Steph home. I shook her gently, but that only resulted in making her mutter and squirm a little in her sleep. I shook her harder and she protested but her eyelids fluttered. I crouched beside the chair in which she lay.
‘Sorry beautiful,’ I said gently, ‘you need to get home to bed.’ She yawned and stretched her arms above her head. The effect in the tight sweater she was wearing was quite disturbing, but this wasn’t the time or place. I helped her with her coat and we walked to the car in silence. She was asleep again before we’d gone half a mile.
At her place I took her keys from her purse and opened the door before going back to wake her again.
‘Come on,’ I said. ‘Five minutes and you’ll be in bed.’
‘Promises, promises,’ she muttered sleepily. Inside she woke long enough to smile, peck me on the cheek and point to the door next to her bedroom.
‘Sorry Dean,’ she said, ‘I’m really tired. The guest bed is in there.’ Then she was gone and I was alone.
Despite not having slept for about twenty-two hours the adrenalin was flowing and I was wide awake. I explored the kitchen and found a bottle of bourbon to counter the pot of coffee I’d shared with Mike Thomas. Pouring myself two fingers I added ice and moved to the living room where I’d opened the laptop I’d brought from the car. My plan was to write up the notes from what we’d done the previous day and then to read through all the reports again. 
It didn’t work out like that though. My mind kept coming back to the fire, not so much because of what I’d lost but because it had happened. Someone didn’t like me and I kept trying to put faces to the facts and always came up blank. None of them had a reason to want me out of the way, at least not badly enough to want to kill me. I was confused but the caffeine and the booze only served to carry me through till fifteen after four in the morning and then I found myself drifting off and nodding.
I shut the laptop, yawned hugely and walked through to the guest bedroom. I don’t even remember taking off my pants.
***
I woke that morning to a splitting headache, bright daylight streaming through small wooden shutters and the mingled smells of bacon and coffee. I stumbled to the guest bathroom, did my thing, found Advil and a new toothbrush in its wrappings and climbed into the shower to stand and steam for ten minutes. There was no razor but I carry an electric one in the car for emergencies and I’d brought it in with me when we arrived. I’d got no choice but to put on the same clothes I wore the previous evening, they were the only ones I possessed but pretty soon I was as presentable as I was going to be and opened the door.
Steph was in the living room, sitting on the couch with the laptop open on her knees. She was wearing black sweat pants and an olive top. She looked very fresh and very gorgeous.
‘Well, good afternoon boss,’ she said. I looked at my watch, it was ten after eleven.
‘It’s still morning,’ I replied. She grinned.
‘Only just,’ she said. ‘You hungry?’
‘I need coffee,’ I replied but the smell of bacon was working on me. ‘After that I guess I could eat something.’
‘Home made biscuits and gravy with bacon and scrambled eggs?’ she said, putting the laptop aside and standing up.
‘Jeez, don’t go to all that trouble,’ I told her. ‘Toast is fine.’ 
‘Most of it’s done,’ she replied, ‘I just have to cook a few eggs.’
And it was great. Steph can cook. There was even a pot of home made wild cherry jelly from a tree that grew at the back of her yard. It was forty minutes later that I used the last piece of biscuit to wipe the final vestiges of gravy from my plate. Over breakfast we hadn’t talked much but now Steph piled the dishes in the dishwasher and came to sit beside me on the couch. I picked up the laptop.
‘You were looking at the case?’ I asked. She nodded.
‘I was,’ she agreed.
‘I hope you saw something I couldn’t,’ I said. She shook her head.
‘Nothing apart from we need to talk to Heather Mortenson again. She lied to us  but I don’t know why.’
‘Agreed. We can do that but today I want to try to contact Lloyd Morden’s attorney first. Part of the prosecution case was that he just snatched Billy Jo off the street, raped and murdered her. The fact that he knew Heather should have cast doubt on that…’ Steph was shaking her head firmly.
‘No sir,’ she replied. ‘You have a meeting with Carne Law in the morning and you’re not going looking like that.’ I glanced down at myself, my shirt and pants were casual but nice casual. I was wearing good quality brown loafers and had a jacket back in the guest bedroom.
‘I can’t?’ I said.
‘No sir, she replied. ‘And as of last night you have nothing else to wear so you and I need to go to the mall.’ 
My mind was latched on to the case again and I didn’t want to break off.
‘We can go tomorrow after the meeting,’ I said.
‘Do you have clean underwear?’ Steph demanded. I had to concede I didn’t. ‘Then we’re going to the mall,’ she said.




Chapter Eleven

I had two thousand dollars in my safe, which I presumed was still lying in the ruins of my office. The visit to the mall with Steph cost me double that and then she wasn’t satisfied. Suits, shirts and shoes cost money, so does underwear, casual clothes and all the little things you take for granted and don’t think about, such as a razor, toothbrushes and a robe. I protested at this latter and she looked at me sideways.
‘Where are you going to sleep tonight?’ she asked. I hadn’t even thought about it but the answer seemed obvious.
‘There’s plenty of hotels. I can get a room for maybe fifty bucks a night.’
‘And if it takes the insurance three months to pay out you’ll spend between four and five thousand dollars on one sleazy room when you could stay at my place for free. The only condition is I don’t want to look at your naked butt first thing every morning.’
I laughed. I also bought the robe.
We ate at Outback. They have a great wheat bread as an appetizer and an excellent selection of entrees. Somewhere between being up most of the night and shopping all afternoon, I reckoned I’d missed a meal or two. I settled for salad, a big, baked Idaho potato with butter and sour cream and sixteen ounces of medium-rare steak. Steph went with the chicken. When we came out it was dark and raining very heavily.
Steph hadn’t brought a coat with her. She would have been soaked before she got to the car so I told her to wait in the doorway while I went to fetch it. I ran across the first lane of the parking lot, squeezed between a truck and a low-slung sports model and started across the second lane as I fumbled for my keys. Without any warning, there was a screech of tires off to my left and I glanced that way in time to be blinded by headlights that suddenly blazed at me.
For a second I stood frozen to the spot as the scream of an over-revved engine filled my ears and the lights grew huge in front of me. At the last second, I hurled myself back across the hood of the sports car. Something like a ton weight slammed into my calf, spun me round and then I was lying face down in the rain watching a light colored sedan roar out of the parking lot and onto I-60 where it nearly caused a wreck before disappearing west.
There was silence for a few seconds and there someone yelled, ‘Jeez! He killed a guy.’ 
I wasn’t dead. I wasn’t even bleeding but my leg hurt like hell. I tried to flex my toes and that made me shut my eyes and draw in a quick breath. When I opened them again Steph was there and I could see a circle of faces above me as a crowd gathered.
‘You know,’ I winced as Steph knelt beside me, ‘I think somebody out there doesn’t like me.’ I could see the rain on her face as she knelt beside me or maybe it was tears. Anyway, she was getting wet and she kept telling me to lie still but I knew I wasn’t badly hurt. I forced myself to sit up and for some reason the crowd seemed to shuffle backwards as if I was about to explode. 
I was sitting in the rain and my butt was getting wet. Behind me was the front of the big truck I’d passed and that had a nice wide fender. I looked at the crowd , there must have been ten or a dozen of them, at the front were a couple of big guys. 
‘Hey,’ I said to them, ‘help me sit up on this fender.’
‘You shouldn’t move,’ one replied dubiously.
‘The only danger I’m in,’ I replied, ‘is drowning or getting pneumonia from sitting in this puddle.’ They took an arm each and eased me up onto the fender as if I were made of delicate porcelain. Someone said there was an ambulance on its way but I didn’t want that. My leg was throbbing and the calf felt twice its normal size but the initial pain had eased and I knew it wasn’t broken. My pants leg was torn wide open below the knee and my shoe had flown about thirty feet. Someone brought it back and I asked Steph to put it on for me. She was white faced and her eyes were huge.
‘You’d be better leaving it off,’ she said, ‘at least till you’ve been to the emergency room.’
‘I don’t need a hospital,’ I told her. ‘I need a big slug of Jack Daniels and to get out of these wet clothes.’
‘Someone tried to kill you, Dean,’ she said. ‘You need to get checked out.’
‘I’m fine,’ I insisted and to prove it I pushed myself up from the fender and tentatively put my weight on my foot. It hurt like someone had just brushed by it in a big sedan, but I could stand. There were mutters from the crowd and they started to disperse when they discovered there was no blood and no one was going to die.
‘Help me to the car,’ I said to Steph, ‘and let’s get out of here.’
I was too late. The air was filled with sirens and everything was suddenly lit by blue and red pulsating light as Barborsville’s finest arrived.
There were two cops in the car. I didn’t know either of them. One of them got me to sit in the back of their cruiser whilst the other went to canvas witnesses. Because it was still raining hard and because Steph still looked gorgeous even with her hair plastered to her face by the wet the cop let her sit in with me.
He was an older guy, coming up for retirement is my guess, and the first thing he did was check my ID. When he saw the PI and concealed weapons licenses he grimaced.
‘Are you carrying any weapons now Mr. Witton?’ was his first question.
‘No,’ I replied, ‘that’s why the SOB who ran me down is still out there.’
He grimaced.
‘Leave the bad drivers to us, Mr. Witton. Shooting them just makes more work.’
‘You don’t understand,’ I replied. ‘It wasn’t a bad driver, the asshole tried to kill me. He waited till I was in the road and deliberately drove at me as fast as he could. If you catch him, slap him with attempted murder, two counts.’
‘Two counts?’ the cop queried. I sighed.
‘Two counts,’ I confirmed. ‘Someone firebombed my office last night. The state police and the Putnam County Sheriff’s office have the report.’
So then he had to call it in and check what I was saying was correct. While he was doing that an ambulance arrived and I was forced to submit to being examined by a paramedic whose conclusion was that I was lucky.
‘Lucky?’ I snarled. The guy had hurt me while he was manipulating my leg. ‘You call having your leg smacked by a moron using a car as a weapon lucky?’
He looked at me calmly.
‘If he’d come closer he could have taken your leg off or smashed it beyond repair,’ he said. ‘Believe me, I’ve seen it happen. This guy barely touched you, I reckon it was just the outside edge of his mirror that barely kissed you, half an inch further away and he’d have missed altogether.’
‘So I’m going to live?’ I asked sarcastically. Before he could answer Steph interrupted.
‘Does he need to go to the emergency room?’ she asked.
‘Nah, he’ll be fine,’ the paramedic said. ‘The leg’ll be sore and stiff for a couple of days, he’ll have a great bruise and he’ll be acting all pissed with everybody but he’ll live.’
‘The being pissed is nothing to do with the injury, right?’ Steph asked.
‘You’d know that better’n me ma’am,’ the paramedic replied with a wink.
‘Hey!’ I protested, ‘Don’t you got sick people to see Mac?’
The paramedic grinned.
‘Yep, sure do,’ he said. ‘Take care and try to stay off the leg if you can.’
I was still feeling sour but he was a nice guy making the best of a job most people couldn’t do. He hadn’t hurt me that much and I had the feeling if I’d been in real need of his attention he’d have sweated blood to help me. I nodded.
‘Yeah, sure,’ I replied. ‘Thanks, bud. You take it easy.’
With that he picked up his stuff and he was gone but the cop was back on my case.
‘Okay,’ he said. ‘Your story checks out. Any idea who might have done it?’
I shrugged. I had no idea at all. Whoever was responsible was a nut. A persistent nut though, and that worried me. If they tried often enough somebody was going to get really hurt.
‘No,’ I replied. ‘Somebody driving a big, light-colored sedan… and before you say it I already know that doesn’t help much.’
‘You get a plate?’
Again I shrugged. ‘Didn’t see it. I was kind of busy, flying through the air and landing on my butt.’ The cop ignored the sarcasm and just nodded.
‘Well, we’ll file it as a hit and run. We’ll check some of the local places in case they caught something on their CC TV but they usually only cover their own parking lot. After that the state troopers’ll be following up. One of them, a detective named Mike Thomas, wants you to call him. He says you got the number.’
‘I do,’ I confirmed.
‘But he isn’t going to do it tonight,’ Steph interrupted. ‘He’s going home, he’s going to soak in a hot bath and then he’s going to bed.’
I didn’t argue then but I intended to. Someone was trying to kill me. I had a license to carry a concealed weapon and there were two guns in my safe, providing they survived the fire. I rarely carried a weapon but I intended to now. I was going to make sure Steph had one too. If the dirtbag tried a third time he’d find I believed in three strikes and you’re out, care of Smith and Wesson’s Sigma. The Ruger I’d give to Steph. 
I’d also been thinking about where I was going to sleep. So far the attempts had all been made against me and I wanted to keep it that way. I didn’t want whoever it was to target Steph so I was thinking of putting her into a cab and then driving myself to a hotel. 
My leg finished that idea. In the short time we were sitting with the cop it had stiffened up and just walking from the police cruiser to my car was agony. By the time we got there I knew there was no way I could drive, I couldn’t trust my leg to put enough pressure on the brake. Steph helped me, I slid into the passenger seat and handed her the keys.
‘Sorry, beautiful,’ I said. ‘You’re going to have to drive but before you do I need to call Mike Thomas.’
She shook her head resolutely.
‘No way, Witton,’ she said. ‘You’re going home with me and you’re going to bed.’
I sighed. I knew she would put up an argument but it wasn’t safe her way.
‘That’s the best offer I’ve had all year,’ I told her. ‘but you got two choices. You can wait while I call Mike and then we’ll do it your way or you can take me to a hotel and leave me and the car there. There’s a crazy guy out there who wants to kill people and he might come back so we do it my way or I’m cutting you loose. I’m not risking him hitting you when he’s trying to get at me.’
‘But he doesn’t know where I live,’ she protested. I shook my head sadly.
‘Think about it. He found us here, you think that was luck? My guess is that he was watching the fire last night and saw us arrive. He waited and followed us to your place and was watching again today when we went to the mall.’
As she listened Steph’s eyes grew round and she looked around her.
‘You mean he could be watching now?’ she asked. I shrugged, I didn’t know but I was not taking any chances. Anyway, if I was right the guy already knew where Steph lived.
‘Maybe,’ I replied. ‘That’s why I want to call Mike.’ She nodded.
‘Okay,’ her voice was barely more than a whisper.

***
Mike Thomas must have been waiting for my call but his attitude was hardly what I’d call sympathetic. He answered on the first ring. I said, ‘Mike? It’s me, Dean.’
‘Witton, you’re a doofus,’ he replied. ‘Why can’t you move to Ohio or wait till it’s my weekend off before starting your one man crime wave?’
‘I didn’t start this,’ I told him. ‘I’m the victim here.’
‘Victim my fat butt,’ Mike said. ‘You’ve upset some bad dudes and they’re out to get you. What was it, you miss an alimony payment or something?’
Mike had known me when I was married. For some reason he always thought it was funny to press my buttons about the divorce but this time I wasn’t biting.
‘Yeah, hilarious,’ I replied. ‘You know as well as I do that this is strictly amateur.’
‘Okay,’ his voice was suddenly serious. ‘That’s what makes it all the harder to find this nut though. You sure there’s nothing else you’re working on that could have upset somebody?’
‘Nothing.  It’s been a slow year, this is my only case at the moment.’
‘How about that cute piece of tail you had in tow yesterday? She have a husband or boyfriend who might take exception to you laying her?’ 
I’d put the phone on speaker so we could both listen and I saw Steph’s face redden at this suggestion. Her eyes were staring unblinkingly into mine but she didn’t respond.
‘No,’ I said slowly without dropping my gaze, ‘Steph is my partner in the business, as far as I know she doesn’t have a husband, boyfriend, brother or daddy who’d want to try to kill me.’
‘Well some asswipe wants you very dead and stacked the way she is I just thought…’
‘Enough!’ I interrupted him angrily. ‘It’s not any of Steph’s friends or relatives so can we get on with why you wanted me to call.’
‘Okay, okay,’ he replied. ‘Sorry if I singed your tail feathers. We’ve got to explore all the possibilities and I was just blowing in the wind.’
‘Mike,’ I interrupted him again. ‘I appreciate you’re trying to help but I just got ran down by a car. It hurts, I’m tired and my pants are ripped and wet from sitting in the rain. The only reason I called was to ask if you’d got my safe yet. If the answer’s no then I’m going home to bed.’
‘Yeah, we got your goddam safe,’ he said. ‘It was in the back room and wasn’t badly damaged. I got a wrecker from the police yard to haul it up to Hurricane police station this afternoon. I’m there now, you can come by and check it out if you want. I need you to make a statement about this afternoon anyway.’
‘The statement can wait till tomorrow,’ I told him, ‘but we’re on our way to you now to open the safe.’
‘We?’ he repeated suspiciously.
‘Yeah, we,’ I replied. ‘Ain’t speaker phones a great invention?’

I don’t know whose face was redder when we went into Mike’s office, his or Steph’s. I led, limping badly, grabbed a chair and sat while he blustered some inane comment about it being nice to meet Steph again and she said some words in reply. I would have enjoyed watching their embarrassment but I felt like hell and wanted to get out of there.
‘Ok, Mike, you got a loose mouth and you’re sorry. Now can we get on with this so I can go home and get outside of a very large Jack Daniels?’
He gave me a sour look but it was Steph who spoke.
‘You don’t need booze, you need a couple of Advil and a hot bath followed by bed.’
‘Whatever,’ I replied. ‘Mike? Where’s my safe at?’
‘It’s out back,’ he said. ‘First I need you to sign for it and I want the address where you’re staying.’ Steph gave it to him.
‘Your place?’ he asked her but he was looking accusingly at me, as if I had led him astray about my relationship with her.
‘Mine burned down, remember?’ I asked sarcastically. ‘I’m staying in Steph’s guest room until I can get somewhere.’
‘Guest room, yeah,’ he muttered as he wrote it down. ‘Ok,’ he continued. ‘What about what happened today?’
I sighed.
‘Mike,’ I said. ‘Show me my goddam safe and let me go then I’ll come in tomorrow and give you all the info I got. If you don’t I’m going to shove your statement up your ass and go find the safe myself.’
With ill grace he led us to a locked storeroom. The safe sat on the floor. It was green with gold trim when I last saw it, now the paint had blistered and turned almost black and it smelled of burning. The key hole was protected by a hinged brass cover that was tarnished by the fire and maybe it was my imagination but I could almost feel heat radiating from it. It had taken a great effort of will to get myself there, there was no way I could get down on my knees to open the door with my leg in the state it was. I handed Steph the key and told her the combination. She knelt in front of it with me one side of her and Mike the other. Surprisingly the door swung open easily and Steph reached in to retrieve my first gun, the Ruger SR9, in its belt holster. It was untouched by the fire. She followed this with the Smith and Wesson Sigma, shoulder harness and a box of nine millimeter slugs.
‘You got a license for those, Witton?’ Mike asked. I nodded.
‘I do,’ I replied.
‘Mind if I check the serial numbers?’
I shrugged, he was going to anyway so why object.
‘Be my guest but be careful, they’re loaded,’ I told him, handing the guns over. As I said it Steph pulled the pile of cash from the safe. ‘Want to check the numbers on these out too?’ I asked. He scowled.
‘Funny guy,’ he said and disappeared with the guns. I let out a breath. Just standing still made my leg hurt and the sweat pop out on my forehead.
There were several packets of papers in the safe; insurance, divorce and stuff like that. I just wanted to get somewhere where I could take the weight off my leg so I told Steph to take them all.
‘What about the guns?’ she asked.
‘Someone wants to kill me,’ I replied. ‘You bet I’m taking them. You know how to fire one?’
She gave me a scornful look.
‘I grew up on a farm,’ she said. ‘You’d be surprised what I know about lots of things.’
Mike came back with the guns. He’d been very quick and must have had my file on his desk ready.
‘These are clean,’ he said, handing them over. ‘But don’t go using them. If you get any trouble call us and we’ll deal with it.’
‘Yeah right,’ I told him. ‘If some nut wants to burn me alive or run me down with a truck I’ll ask them to wait while I call 911. I’m sure they’ll oblige.’
‘Get out of here Witton,’ he said. ‘And don’t forget I want you back tomorrow to make that statement.’
‘Yeah, sure,’ I said. ‘Thanks for your help.’ I hope he caught the sarcasm.
***
The first thing Steph did when we got into her place was to start filling the bath. I sat on a high backed bar chair because I knew if I chose a low one I’d not be able to get up again. After a couple of minutes she came out of the bathroom.
‘Ok, it’s ready,’ she said. ‘The water’s hot and I want you to stay in as long as you can, it’ll help the bruising.’ 
The thought of lying in a hot bath was enticing and I stood, only to lurch against the bar as my right calf sent a jolt of pure agony from my toes to my groin. Steph leapt forward, arms outstretched but stopped when she saw I was not about to fall.
‘I’m okay,’ I gasped.
‘No you’re not,’ she replied, watching carefully as I took my first couple of hesitant steps, sliding my foot rather than raising it. ‘You’re just a typical guy, too stubborn to ask for help.’
If I got to the bathroom, I’d be able to take my shirt, pants and underwear off but I had serious doubts about my footwear.
‘You’re wrong ,’ I told her. ‘I’m asking for it now. Could you to help take my shoes and socks off please?’
She followed me into the bathroom and helped me to sit on the edge of the tub then she knelt and gently eased the shoe and sock off my injured leg. When she had finished she remained kneeling and looked at me with a mischievous smile. Gently she eased her hand inside the tear in my pants leg  and began to rub the inside of my thigh.
‘Anything else I can help with?’ she asked.
The sensation was wonderful and very arousing and for a moment I closed my eyes to enjoy it. A twinge from my leg took care of that though, and I put my hand over hers to stop its wandering.
‘I could do with that Jack Daniels,’ I told her. She looked at me for several seconds then removed her hand and stood up.
‘I’ll allow you one cup of coffee,’ she said. ‘Any argument and it’ll be warm milk and a cookie.’
I must have lain in that bath for thirty minutes while the water cooled. At first I was turning the case over in my mind, but after a few minutes the warmth, the steam and lack of outside stimuli made me drowsy. I think I might even have dozed before the coolness of the water woke me. Getting out of the tub was interesting. The warm water and lack of movement had eased the pain to a dull ache but I had to take it very easy and use the wall for support as I stood and stepped out. 
Somehow while I was lying in the water Steph had spirited my clothes away and in their place was clean underwear, a new T shirt and the robe she had insisted I buy. I put these on and limped out of the bathroom. It still hurt but was a lot easier than it had been.
Steph was sitting at the bar. The two guns and box of bullets were there along with the papers from the safe. My laptop was open on the worktop and she was looking at it. She glanced up when I came in.
‘How’s the leg feel now?’ she asked.
‘Better,’ I replied.
‘Then take the weight off it,’ she said as she poured me a cup of coffee. I needed a drink and took a grateful sip. It tasted bitter but it was hot and hit the spot. Steph didn’t have any.
‘Tell me something,’ she said when she had sat down again. ‘When you were talking to that slimy cop, you said the attacks were being done by an amateur and he agreed with you. How’d you know that?’
‘Because if either of them had been professional hits I’d probably be dead now. The first time they didn’t even make sure I was there and they were seen. Two mistakes a pro wouldn’t have made. Today, if the guy had waited another second or two and had eased up on me a little slower I wouldn’t have had a chance. Whoever it is, it’s someone who doesn’t know what they’re doing. That makes them harder to find and more dangerous.’ I paused and then added, ‘And although Mike Thomas is a sleazeball he’s not a bad cop. It’s Sunday night and he’s working on trying to find who the perp is.’
‘He gives me the creeps.” She shuddered slightly to accentuate the point and then asked, “Why is it more dangerous to have an amateur after you?’
I yawned.
‘Because they’re unpredictable. You can plan for a pro but who knows what crazy people will do next? That’s why I want you to carry the Ruger and if someone…’ I yawned again, ‘…tries again I want you to use it.’ I paused and shook my head. Suddenly I was very tired and could barely keep my eyes open. ‘Sorry,’ I continued, ‘I think I need to go lie down.’
And that’s the last thing I remember about that night.


Chapter Twelve

The bedside clock said seven-oh-five when I woke. For a couple of minutes I lay there trying to get my bearings. I had a small headache and the merest hint of a dry, chalky taste at the back of my throat. Steph had slipped me a Mickey in my coffee and I’d slept for ten solid hours. I needed to pee and without thinking I threw the covers back and started to swing my legs out.
My right calf stopped me. The paramedic had said it would be sore and stiff for a few days. Boy was he ever right. It felt like it was ten times its normal size and throbbed when I tried to move my foot. I sat on the edge of the bed and looked at it. It was swollen but not much. It also had an almost black line down it with a nice bruise shading from deepest purple to a dark red. Carefully I flexed my foot. At first I could barely move it but it quickly became easier. I was hobbling half way to the bathroom when the door opened and Steph came in.
She was wearing an ivory blouse and olive pants and had obviously been up some time.
‘I was just coming to wake you,’ she said. I glared at her.
‘You drugged me,’ I growled. She grinned.
‘Just a mild sleeping pill. How’s the leg this morning?’
‘Never mind the goddam leg, you drugged me. I ought to fire your ass.’ I wasn’t really mad at her; I was more mad at me for falling for it.
She shrugged.
‘It was for your own good,’ she said. ‘You were running on pure adrenalin and you’re too stubborn to admit it. You’d have been up half the night and you needed to rest that leg so I tried to help. If you want to fire me go ahead, it’s a lousy job anyway, the boss is always grouchy.’
I thought for a moment. I wasn’t always grouchy. I just wasn’t used to living with someone who actually cared about me.
‘So how come you got knockout pills sitting around?’ I asked. ‘Do you give them to all your house guests?’
‘You’re not the only one with history, Witton,’ she replied. ‘I got an ex too. Now its a quarter after seven, you have an hour and a quarter to shower, dress, eat and get to Carne Law.’
‘Okay, ‘ I said. ‘It won’t take me too long to get ready, I can drink coffee in the car and we can eat later, if that’s okay.’ I was in work mode now and trying to think what I would need. My file on Rick Watson had burned with the office but the report and my invoice were on my lap top.
‘Do you have a printer?’ I asked. Steph nodded. 
‘I have a desktop p.c. too if it’s any help,’ she said.
I shook my head.
‘Nope, that’s okay. Just go into the menu on my laptop, there’s a folder called Watson. Can you print all of it out for me?’
‘Sure,’ she said.

The traffic on I-64 was bad and it was nearly twenty to nine when we entered the offices of Carne law. I’d not been to the Charleston office before. The reception area was bigger than my entire store had been. It contained a single desk, couches, a couple of tasteful coffee tables and a selection of reading material for waiting clients. Behind the desk was a tall skinny blonde in her early twenties. She was very efficient, took my name, offered us a seat and asked us whether she could get us coffee. My leg ached and I was grateful for the seat.
The coffee was also welcome. I like at least three cups to get me started in the morning and today I’d only had one. Besides, we sat on those couches for fifteen minutes, cooling our heels. I was sure that was down to Jefferson Carne trying to show me who was boss here.
‘So much for an eight-thirty appointment because they’re in a hurry to file,’ Steph said in a hushed voice. I was getting mad at being kept waiting. We had another, more important, case and it was Carne who had insisted on meeting this early.
‘He’s got five minutes,’ I said, ‘then we’re out of here and he can wait till it suits me to talk to him.’
He used three and a half of them then something buzzed on the receptionist’s desk. She didn’t say anything but came out from behind it and walked over to where we were seated.
‘Mr. Carne is free now, Mr. Witton,’ she said sweetly. ‘He’s on the penthouse level and you’ll find the elevator right behind you, Sir.’
The penthouse level was only three floors up but it was a different world. The elevator door opened straight onto a very plush office. This too had a desk, a secretary, couches and a coffee table but all were that bit better than the public reception. The carpet was thicker, the couches were pure white leather, the coffee table no doubt bore some fancy designer’s name and the secretary was tall, slim and looked like she was a beauty pageant winner.
‘Good morning, Mr. Witton,’ she said in a husky voice. ‘May I take your secretary’s name?’
‘Taylor,’ I replied, ‘Ms. Stephanie Taylor and she’s not my secretary, she’s a senior executive with my company.’
She was not put out in the slightest by the tone of my reply.
‘Thank you,’ she said. ‘Mr. Carne will be with you in a few minutes. Please take a seat, may I get you some coffee? Or tea perhaps?’
I was pissed before we arrived, waiting nearly twenty minutes downstairs had done little to alleviate that and now they expected me to sit and wait again. Carne had called the meeting, he had set the time and although I was ten minutes late that didn’t excuse the way we were being treated.
‘No, Sweetheart,’ I replied. ‘We did the sitting and the coffee thing downstairs. Jeff has as long as it takes me to get in that elevator and close the door to get his fancy ass out here. After that I’m gone and if he wants to meet with me again, he’ll do it where and when I say, and I can promise him he won’t like either.’
‘But…but…’ she stumbled but she was talking to my back. I limped over to the elevator and stabbed the button savagely. Steph hurried to catch up.
‘Nice going boss,’ she hissed. ‘That’s telling ’em.’
The secretary was talking rapidly behind me, presumably into a phone. I just wanted out of there before security came but the elevator must have gone down, the door didn’t open and I hit the button again and held it.
‘Senior executive?’ Steph whispered out of the side of her mouth. ‘Does that mean I get another raise, boss?’
Steph is one of those gifted people who can come to you when you’re pissed as hell at something, say a few innocent words and change your mood instantly. I went from cold anger to trying hard not to laugh in a second. The lights said the elevator was on the way back up but before I could respond and tell Steph she was about to be demoted again we were interrupted.
‘Mr. Witton!’ 
I knew the pompous voice instantly. I turned. Jefferson Carne was everything a young lawyer should be. Tall, slim, athletic and good-looking. He wore a five thousand dollar suit and had the painted smile of a used car salesman. 
‘Mr. Witton,’ he said again as he strode across the fancy carpet with his right hand extended, ‘I’m so sorry to have kept you waiting, my secretary neglected to tell me you’d arrived.’ Behind him I saw the pleasant mask slip from the secretary’s face for a moment and knew he was lying.
‘So fire her ass,’ I told him, ignoring the proffered handshake. He cast a quick glance over his shoulder at the girl whose eyes had widened in shock at my suggestion.
‘No, no,’ he said, ‘not Naomi. It was the girl on the desk downstairs.’
‘So fire her too.’ I said. He wasn’t the world’s fastest thinker. I saw confusion in his eyes before he laughed uncertainly. ‘Or, Jeff , you could stop trying to pull this kind of crap on me. I’m an ex-marine and an ex-cop. I’ve heard it all before.’ 
The elevator pinged behind me and I heard the doors open. Carne’s eyes looked over my shoulder and the false smile reappeared on his face. I glanced back and saw Sara Watson step out of the lift.
‘Mrs. Watson,’ Carne said, ‘I’m so glad you could make it.’
‘So long, Jeff,’ I said. ‘Use my stuff and my lawyer will be talking to your lawyer.’
I stood aside to let Mrs. Watson pass. With my leg it was more of a lurch than a step
She glanced down at it curiously and had the grace to nod to me.
‘Mr. Witton,’ she said. She ignored Steph.
‘Mrs. Watson,’ I acknowledged.
‘Mr. Witton…Dean…please, just one minute.’ Carne sounded desperate. I saw Steph give the tiniest nod. Apparently Carne saw it too. I was ready to go but if Steph said to stay I would do that…for a minute and no more.
‘Naomi,’ he said hurriedly, ‘please show Mrs. Watson into my office. Make sure she has all she requires.’ He turned to Sara. ‘Please give me a moment, Mrs. Watson, I’m sure we can sort this out.’ With a look at me that was almost a sneer Sara Watson followed the secretary through the door from which Carne had emerged. The lawyer watched her go and I noticed his brow was damp with perspiration.
‘You asked for a minute,’ I broke the silence. ‘I reckon you have about twenty seconds left.’
‘I’m sorry…’ Carne began. False apologies always hack me off and I lost it for a moment. I stepped forward until our chests were almost touching and put my face an inch from his. He recoiled.
‘Listen Carne,’ I snarled, ‘You called this meeting, you set a time and then you thought it would be fun to let us sit on our tails in your goddam waiting room until you were ready to see us. That’s strike one. You promised me I’d get the six and a half grand your crazy client owes me but there’s no sign of it. That’s strike two. Finally, I told you I didn’t want Sara Watson at the meeting and here she is. That’s your third strike, you’re out.’
He actually gulped. Under his false tan his face had gone pale.
‘I’m sorry,’ he said again. This time he looked as if he might mean it. ‘I have your money right here, you can have it now. I’m also sorry about Mrs. Watson being here. I tried to persuade her it wasn’t necessary but she’s very fearful her husband will defend the case and she insists on hearing what you are going to say before his lawyers ask you to make a deposition. She feels there may be additional evidence not contained in the report that could counter any action he might take.’
‘So what you’re saying is we were kept waiting because Rotten Ass Sara couldn’t make it on time?’
‘She was probably delayed by traffic…’
‘The bitch comes the same way we do,’ I said. ‘We made it on time, so should she.’
I turned to go. I’d had enough of Sara Watson and her games.
‘Give us a moment, Mr. Carne,’ Steph said then she was beside me, holding my arm.
‘What?’ I snapped. This time I wasn’t going to let her persuade me.
‘Dean, you have to take this meeting,’ she said.
‘Give me one good reason why,’ I replied.
‘Because he’s just offered you six thousand five hundred good reasons; because this isn’t going to go away and we need to concentrate on the Morden case; because I have an idea they can subpoena you to give evidence even if they don’t use your report.’ She paused for a moment and then added, ‘And because I didn’t get breakfast, I’m hungry and I want them to pay for it.’
She had some valid points. I’d done the work. They owed me the cash and it looked as though they were prepared to pay it. She could also have a point about the subpoena but I wasn’t going to tell her that. I sighed.
‘You and your stomach,’ I said. ‘Okay, I’ll do it but only to get you fed.’
‘Good choice, boss,’ she grinned. I turned back to Carne.
‘You owe my colleague your thanks,’ I told him. ‘She’s persuaded me to go ahead with the meeting but there are a couple of conditions. First we get paid up front and the payment includes the extra thousand you offered. I figure you owe us that for what’s happened today. The other condition is that I’ll settle for your client sitting in on the meeting but she doesn’t get to say anything.’
‘That’s not fair,’ Carne protested. I shrugged.
‘Take it or leave it,’ I told him. ‘She can talk to you as much as you want but we have nothing to say to her and we don’t want her screaming at us. The woman’s a nut and if you can’t see that you’re as screwy as she is.’
***
As it happened the meeting wasn’t too bad until the end. It took ten minutes for Carne to come up with the seven and a half grand and I refused to start until we had it. After that we went into a small conference room and it was like any of the previous deposition preps I had done. He took me through the report one item at the time, challenging and expanding as he tried to catch me out. I was able to support everything I’d said though and Carne seemed pleased when we got to the end. He might look and sound like an ass but it seemed the guy was a good divorce lawyer.
‘That seems very thorough, Mr. Witton,’ he said as he closed the file.
‘Are we done?’ I asked, starting to rise. He looked at Sara Watson and colored slightly. I wondered what was coming next.
‘Er…just a couple more questions,’ he replied. I sat down again with a heavy sigh.
‘Shoot,’ I said.
‘Mrs. Watson would like to know if, at any time, you saw Mr. Watson meeting with any women other than the girl he was involved with.’ 
I shook my head.
‘There was nothing you’d be interested in,’ I replied. ‘Of course he did meet women, the guy’s a builder, some of his clients were women and he talked to women in stores and restaurants and stuff but there wasn’t anything unusual.’
Carne gave a small laugh.
‘I don’t think Mrs. Watson is interested in every day life, she’s looking for something on a more social level, taking women to dinner or for a drink, that sort of thing.’
I shook my head again, there had been nothing like that. Rick Watson got on well with women. He usually chatted to the good looking ones and made them laugh but apart from Amber Clarke I’d not seen him with anyone socially except once and I hesitated to mention that because it was clear there had been nothing going on.
‘He had one lunch with a woman but that was all,’ I said.
‘Who was she?’ They were the first words Sara Watson had said and she almost screamed them.
‘It was a business lunch,’ I protested. ‘They had papers they were going through, he paid for it but they shook hands at the end and he didn’t see her again.’
‘Who was she?’ Sara hissed, ‘What did she look like?’
I shrugged, I had several pictures of the meeting on my laptop, which I had been using to prove my report but I didn’t think they mattered, it had clearly just been business.
‘I’ve no idea who she was. They met once, it was clearly work related, they didn’t touch or kiss so I didn’t follow it up.’
‘What did she look like?’ Sara was glaring at me now, her voice vibrated with anger. The agreement had been that she wouldn’t speak but she had clearly forgotten that. I thought about challenging Carne or just getting up and leaving but either course would probably tip the unstable Sara over the edge. The easiest way out was to just show her the woman. I clicked on the pictures folder and scrolled down until I got to the ones I’d labeled “business lunch – unknown woman”. Scanning the dozen or so pictures I’d taken I chose the best one and pulled it up so it filled the screen. She was a good looking brunette in her thirties and I’d watched the entire lunch. There had been nothing between them. I turned the laptop round.
‘That’s her,’ I said.
‘Fucking Leila Cummings,’ her words were barely audible but they were full of venom.
‘Who?’ Carne asked. Sara ignored him, she was still glaring at the screen.
‘How many times did he meet the bitch?’ she demanded without taking her eyes from it.
‘Just once. It was lunch in a public place…’
‘He’s been screwing her too,’ Sara raised her hate-filled eyes to me. ‘Why didn’t you put it in your report? He told you not to, didn’t he? How much did he pay you?’
It was so ridiculous I laughed.
‘It was a one off business meeting, there was nothing to report.’
‘How much did he fucking pay you?’ She was on her feet now, leaning toward me, her face red with anger. I closed the laptop, and stood up.
‘This meeting’s finished Carne,’ I said.
‘No it’s not,’ Sara screamed. ‘He bribed you. He’s screwing her and you covered up for him.’ She burst into tears  and threw herself back into her chair.
Carne was lost. He just looked from one to the other of us with his mouth hanging open.
‘Come on Steph,’ I said, ‘we’re leaving.’ Steph gathered our papers and stood, I was already half way to the door. Carne came back to life.
‘Mr. Witton, please,’ he pleaded.
‘We’re gone, Carne,’ I replied. I had the door open and was holding it for Steph.
‘Just wait for me in reception,’ Carne said. ‘Five minutes, please.’ 
He looked terrified. Behind him Sara was wailing and sobbing. For some reason I suddenly felt sorry for her.
‘Five minutes,’ I said. ‘No more.’
Out in the reception area Steph looked at me.
‘Don’t say it,’ I warned her. She said it anyway.
‘It’s catching, you’re nuts too,’ was her opinion.
‘I feel sorry for her,’ I said.
‘Feel sorry for the poor sap who’s married to her. He probably would bribe you to make sure she divorces him. The woman is a nut.’
I couldn’t argue with that so I opened up the computer and clicked to shut it down. No sense in wasting the battery, I thought. Steph was still standing there looking at me. I took the papers from her and stuffed them into the laptop case. Naomi, the secretary, had been watching us curiously but suddenly something buzzed and she hurried into the conference room. A minute later Carne emerged. His face was pale and he shook his head.
‘Thank you for waiting,’ he said. His voice had lost the plummy accent and he sounded exhausted.
‘Are all your clients like that?’ I asked him. He shook his head.
‘No,’ he replied, ‘Mrs. Watson is one of a kind. She’s a very nervous person…’
‘She’s a nut,’ I interrupted him. ‘A down home, true to life, one hundred per cent, West Virginian nut. She doesn’t need a lawyer, she needs a shrink.’
‘I believe she’s seeing one.’ he replied.
‘So what was that all about?’ Steph asked. Carne grimaced.
‘It seems the woman you saw Mr. Watson with is Leila Cummings. She’s an accountant and Mr. and Mrs. Watson have fought about her before. Mrs. Watson is convinced that her husband has been having an affair with Ms. Cummings for some years.’
‘Not from what I saw,’ I said. ‘It was purely business on the day they met.’ I paused, something was puzzling me. ‘Anyway,’ I continued, ‘what difference does it make? In my report there’s enough stuff to divorce her husband ten times over. She doesn’t need evidence about this woman.’
Carne shrugged.
‘No,’ he conceded, ‘she doesn’t need it but she wants it. It seems that Ms. Cummings is married and Mrs. Watson insists she be named in the divorce…’ he paused and looked embarrassed. ‘That’s why she has instructed me to repeat my offer to you. She wants you to drop everything you’re working on and to concentrate on proving there is a relationship between her husband and Ms. Cummings. She will pay you whatever you ask.’
Steph snorted her derision and I shook my head. I was not even tempted. If I’d had no work and I was starving I’d still not be tempted. The less I had to do with Sara Watson the better.
‘Goodbye, Jeff,’ I said. ‘Let me know when the hearing is and whether Rick Watson is going to defend.’
‘The answer is no then?’ he asked. He already knew the answer, he’d known it before he asked the question.
‘What do you think?’ I said. ‘Your client is unstable.  I want nothing more to do with her.’
He nodded in resignation; he’d been expecting it. He held his hand out and this time I shook it.
‘I’ll tell her,’ he said. It sounded as though he’d prefer to have a limb torn off without anesthetic.
‘Give me time to leave the building first,’ I replied.


Chapter Thirteen

We ate at a Bob Evans off I-64 on the way back west. There were plenty of places to eat in Charleston but somehow both of us wanted to put distance between ourselves and Rotten Ass Sara. Since it was now getting on for eleven we had brunch and neither of us said much till we were finished. I refilled my coffee cup, pushed my plate away and leaned back. The movement gave me a twinge of pain in my bad leg and it must have registered on my face.
‘How is it?’ Steph asked. I grimaced. It ached. If I moved suddenly or used it too much it hurt like hell.
‘It’s ok,’ I replied.
‘You want to go home and rest it?’ she asked. I shook my head, now that we were free to concentrate on the Morden case I wanted to get on with it.
‘Nope,’ I replied. ‘I want to go see Morden’s lawyer and then maybe go on to see the woman she was working for.’
‘What about Heather?’ Steph asked. I shook my head.
‘We’ll leave her till tomorrow, it’ll take nearly an hour to get to her place and she’ll have to go get her kids, I don’t want her to have any excuse to leave.’
‘So, who’s the lawyer and where do we find him?’
I smiled,
‘Would you believe the guy’s name is Lawless? Peter T. Lawless junior. His firm was appointed by the court to represent Morden at the first hearing and they’ve had the case ever since,’ I said.
‘Seems appropriate for a lawyer somehow,’ Steph replied. ‘And since the court appointed him I guess his office is in Ohio?’
I nodded.
‘Yep,’ I confirmed, ‘we’re going back to Ironton.’
***
If the offices of Carne Law were at the top of the tree when it came to lawyers those of Peter T. Lawless were way down among the roots. He had just two rooms in a store that was smaller than the one I used to own. The outer one doubled as a waiting room and reception but instead of leather couches there were just an odd assortment of chairs and a collection of magazines long out of print. 
The receptionist looked like she might be old enough to be Naomi’s mother and she probably weighed twice as much as the rake thin secretary. Her smile of greeting was genuine however and when I asked if Mr. Lawless was free she laughed.
‘Sure,’ she said, ‘was in court this mornin’ but he’s free now and he’ll be glad to gab with ya’ll.’ She waddled over to the door with Lawless’s name stenciled on it, knocked once and pushed it open without waiting for a response. ‘You decent Pete?’ she said, ‘They’s some folks here wantin’ to see ya.’
If the receptionist was old enough to be Naomi’s mother then Peter Lawless was old enough to be her grandfather. The man must have been seventy and looked like an old Jimmy Stewart. He was sitting behind a big, very old-fashioned desk but the computer he was working on was way up to date as was the TV and DVD player sitting on a side table. The half dozen or so thick law books he had open on his desk looked well used. He stood when we entered.
‘Afternoon,’ he said coming round the desk. He held his hand out and I shook it
‘Pete Lawless,’ he said. ‘Glad to see you folks.’
‘Dean Witton,’ I introduced myself.
‘Steph Taylor,’ Steph said. Lawless shook her hand and hurriedly brought forward one of the several chairs arranged against the wall for her.
‘Sit yourselves down,’ he said. I got my own chair and he went back round the desk and began closing the law books.
‘Interesting case,’ he said. ‘Boundary dispute, goes back to eighteen twenty-one but I guess you’re not here to talk about that, you’ll be interested in Lloyd Morden.’
Steph and I looked at each other.
‘How did you know…?’ she said.
‘You’ve spoken to his mother,’ I interrupted. Lawless smiled.
‘I have,’ he confirmed. ‘She called me right after you folks left her. Said you was going to prove Lloyd didn’t do it and she’d be able to sue the governor. Wanted to retain me to represent her. She also said you paid her cash money for a picture of Lloyd. That was a bad move I could have let you have one for free.’
‘Not like this one,’ I replied. ‘You’ve never seen it, or so I’m told.’
‘Can I see it now?’
‘Sure,’ I said, ‘but first can I ask you something?’
‘Fire away.’
The two old men I’d spoken to already both thought Morden was innocent, I was interested in finding out what his lawyer thought before divulging new evidence to him. 
‘Did he do it?’ I asked.
Lawless leaned back in his chair and steepled his fingers. Looking at me from under his eyelids he said.
‘Law said he did. Judge Macklin and the jury said he did. He was my client, I got to say he didn’t.’
I grimaced. It was the sort of answer I expected.
‘Can we forget what the court said?’ I asked. ‘And can you forget he was your client for a minute? This is just between us. You must know the case inside out by now, can you give me your personal opinion? Did he do it or not?’
‘He was my client, I can’t give you any privileged information.’ Lawless said.
‘The man’s dead,’ I replied. ‘Some people say he was guilty, others tell us he wasn’t. You probably knew him best, all I’m asking for is your gut feeling. If you’d been on that jury instead of being his attorney would you have found him guilty?’
‘Yes.’ It came out without hesitation and wasn’t what I was expecting at all. Steph actually gasped aloud.
‘You think he did it?’ I asked. He shook his head.
‘You didn’t ask that. You said if I was on the jury would I have found him guilty. The answer is yes. The prosecution evidence was strong. They had the knife, they had the tarp, they had his own admission he’d had sex with her, DNA showed she’d not been with anyone else. We couldn’t prove any connection between Lloyd and her before the murder, his version didn’t add up and no one was interested in his alleged missing clothes. Sure I’d have found him guilty, so would you if’n you’d been there.’ Lawless was fencing with me. I tried again.
‘In your personal opinion did Lloyd murder Billy Jo?’ I asked.
‘Hell no,’ he replied. ‘That boy was railroaded by somebody. He weren’t no choirboy but he sure as heck didn’t kill that little girl.’
That was the answer I’d been expecting. It seemed individually no one who knew him really thought Lloyd Morden was guilty but collectively society said he was.
‘But you couldn’t prove it,’ Steph said. Lawless sighed and leaned back in his chair.
‘No, never could,’ he said. ‘Trouble was Lloyd was his own worse enemy. He was heavy into smoking stuff in them days. Spent half his time stoned out of his mind and couldn’t remember where he’d been or who with.’
‘We’ve got the police report and we can get a transcript of the trial but can you tell us Lloyd’s side of it? What does he say happened that last night?’
Lawless stood up and walked over to the door, opening it he said, ‘Donnetta, can you get us some iced tea? We’re going to be a while.’
Almost as if she had been waiting for the summons, Donnetta came in with a tray laden with a pitcher and four glasses. Lawless raised his eyebrows,
‘Four glasses?’ he said. ‘You planning on joining us?’
‘Thought I might,’ she replied. ‘Not much else going on out there.’
Lawless shook his head.
‘Sassy,’ he said, ‘just plain sassy.’
I looked at Steph.
‘Ain’t they all,’ I replied. She stuck her tongue out at me.
I’m not a great lover of iced-tea but that stuff was good. Cold and unsweetened, it had a hint of lemon and berries and it wasn’t in the least bitter. We all took a glass and then Lawless told Lloyd Morden’s story.
‘All righty,’ he said. ‘The way Lloyd told it, this is how it happened. He met Billy Jo one day when he was running a stash of  dope up to some guy in Huntington. Lloyd picked it up in Kentucky. He did it regular. Got some cash and a supply for personal use out of it. Anyway, he delivered this stuff to the dealer and according to his story Billy Jo was there buying some stuff. She took one look at him and started giving him the come on. Naturally, being a red blooded southern boy, he obliges and his story is she wants more but doesn’t want anybody to know ’cause she’s scared of her daddy yanking her out of school.’
He paused to take a sip of tea and I took the opportunity to ask a question.
‘I take it you couldn’t substantiate any of this?’ Lawless shook his head.
‘All we got is a name for the dope dealer, feller by the name of Doopy. By the time we got there he was long gone, took off in the night as soon as he got word Lloyd had been picked up for murder. The place he lived in was empty and nobody in the neighborhood’d admit to knowing anything about him. I had people who owed me favors looking for him in half a dozen states but there was never any sign.’
‘And he was the only one who ever saw them together?’ Steph said dubiously.
 Lawless ran a hand through his thinning white hair.
‘Well, that depends on who you believe,’ he said. ‘Lloyd always swore Billy Jo’s roomy knew about them. He said he’d even met her once but he couldn’t remember when or where that was. Then, when we got the case to court, she denies it and he says she doesn’t look like the roomy he knew. I tried to shake her but weren’t no good and I couldn’t prove it.’
‘I can,’ I said. He looked at me.
‘That ain’t funny,’ he said. 
I opened my laptop bag and took out my case folder. Extracting it from among the papers I passed the photograph over to him. He looked at it then raised puzzled eyes to me.
‘So?’ he said. ‘It’s Lloyd, stoned out of his head by the look of him.’ 
I nodded. ‘And?’ 
He shook his head. ‘And what?’ 
‘You don’t recognize anyone else?’ 
He shook his head again.
‘Look at the girls,’ Steph urged. 
He did so and then said slowly, ‘I still don’t see anything.’
‘The girl on the right, the blonde? That’s Heather Price,’ I told him. He peered at the picture again then opened a drawer in the desk and took out a magnifying glass. He must have studied the picture for a full minute.
‘Well I’ll be damned,’ he finally said. He looked up at us. ‘You could be right,’ he said, ‘but she sure as hell didn’t look like that at the trial.’
‘She didn’t?’ I said.
‘Nope,’ he replied. ‘At the trial she had short, dark hair wore glasses and no make up. Looked about ten years older than she was. Lloyd said he remembered a blonde and I asked her about that but she swore under oath she’d never been blonde.’
Steph reached out and took the picture and studied it.
‘What difference do you think it would have made to the verdict if you could have proved Lloyd and Billy Jo knew each other?’ I asked. Lawless gave a small shrug.
‘Nothing about the guilty verdict I shouldn’t think but it would have affected the sentence, especially if the roomy denied knowing Lloyd and we proved she did. Even old Judge Macklin, rest his soul, wouldn’t’ve given a death sentence with a doubt like that.’
‘So this picture could have proved Heather Price lied and Lloyd Morden would still be alive.’
‘She didn’t lie.’ We all stared at Steph. ‘She was telling the truth,’ she said.
‘But it was you who recognized her,’ I protested.
‘Oh, its her all right,’ she said, ‘but she’s not blonde. Or at least I don’t think so. That’s not her hair, it’s a wig.’
‘A wig?’ Lawless repeated. Steph nodded.
‘She’s a damn good hairdresser when she’s not a private eye,’ I told him. ‘If she says it’s a wig, it’s a wig.’ Lawless took the picture back and stared at it for a minute then he stood and started pacing the room.
‘Lloyd’s mother had this picture?’ he asked suddenly. I looked at Steph.
‘No, I think it belonged to his sister,’ she said.
‘Melani?’
‘That’s her.’
Lawless nodded half to himself.
‘Explains a lot. Melani has problems. I’ve defended her a dozen times on various charges. Basically she’s a junky who deals and turns tricks to pay for her habit. She’s been in Marysville four or five times. She was locked up when Lloyd was arrested and disappeared for about five years after she came out.’ 
Marysville is the Ohio State Reformatory for women. Lawless’s brow was creased in thought as he absently tapped his left hand with the edge of the picture. Finally he seemed to reach a decision and returned to his seat.
‘Who you working for Mr. Witton?’ he asked. 
I normally keep information like that confidential unless there’s a need for someone to know. In this case there wasn’t but I was going to tell him anyway.
‘Billy Jo’s father, William J. Wendover,’ I said. He grimaced,
‘Don’t suppose he’d be willing to share your report,’ he said. ‘If it does prove Lloyd didn’t do it he’d be one of those we’d be suing.’ I shrugged. 
‘I’ve got no problem with you knowing what we find out,’ I said. ‘Most of it will be public record. The picture belongs to Melani Morden anyway so its yours as soon as we’ve done with it. I’d have copies now if my office hadn’t burned down on top of my scanner.’
‘Donnetta,’ Lawless said, ‘can you make us some copies of this?’
‘Sure can,’ the fat woman replied. ‘How many ya’ll want?’
I shrugged, apart from Heather I had nobody else to show them to.
‘Four or five?’ I said.
‘And one for us,’ Lawless told her. ‘You can have the original back, son, you’re the one asking the questions.’
‘Yeah, on that point,’ I said, ‘I got no problem sharing information with you but can I ask you to hold off doing anything with it until we’ve finished investigating? Wendover is a powerful guy and I don’t want my license pulled.’
‘No problem,’ he replied. ‘We’ll hold fire till you’re done with him and then I’d like to hire you for our side. Can’t promise to pay you much, all the Morden cases are Pro Bono, but if we win I’ll give you five percent of what I get.’
‘And what do you get?’ 
‘Twenty five percent of what the Morden’s get plus costs.’
A lawsuit like this could run into millions in punitive damages. If we proved Trevor Lloyd Morden was innocent when the state executed him the sky was the limit and five per cent of twenty five percent of ten million was one hundred twenty-five grand. On the other hand they would fight us in the courts for years so we might never see the cash. I shrugged, it was a risk I was willing to take. I offered him my hand.
‘You got a deal,’ I said. We shook.
‘So,’ Lawless said, ‘anything I can do to help?’
‘You’ve told us the background,’ I replied, ‘now can you run us through Lloyd’s version of what happened the night she was killed, please.’
Lawless settled back in his chair.
‘Okay,’ he said. ‘First let me tell you how I got involved. I was in court that day representing a vet  who was getting sued for accidentally killing a bull. The case wasn’t on the list till later so while I waited around I popped my head in to hear Lloyd’s arraignment. It’s what lawyers do when they need to kill time, they watch other lawyers. Anyhow, the previous day I’d been in Judge Macklin’s court and I’d had cause to correct him on a point of law so the Judge decides to get his own back. He asked Lloyd if he had an attorney. Lloyd says “no” and every lawyer in court starts heading for the door. The Judge though, he says, “Seems to me you need one, and a smart ass one at that.” Then he calls me over and tells me I’m it.’
‘And you couldn’t dodge it?’ I asked. Lawless shook his head.
‘Didn’t really want to. Lloyd could have fired me and took up with some firm who wanted to defend him for the publicity but he never did.’
I nodded. If I was charged with something and Lawless was appointed as my attorney I think I’d want to keep him too.
‘So I’m appointed and I get to talk to Lloyd for the first time. He told me what I’m going to tell you and in twenty years he never changed his story at all.’
As he was talking Steph got out her steno pad and pencil ready to take notes.
‘According to Lloyd, Billy Jo was working that day but he had arranged to meet her when she finished. He had some weed for her and fancied a little female company before he went off coon hunting for the weekend. She was supposed to finish at around seven but she was a tax preparer and sometimes worked late so he pulled onto the parking lot behind her apartment at around eight and sat there smoking a joint until around eight fifteen when she arrived.’
‘She had her own car?’ I interrupted. Lawless nodded.
‘Yes,’ he confirmed. ‘Little Toyota. They found it on the lot at Marshall. Not where it was supposed to be and without any prints in it. It’d been wiped clean.’
I nodded and he continued.
‘So he says she got into his truck, they talked a while, then they had sex. After that she got dressed, he gave her the dope, she got out and went inside. He was going up to his cabin and wanted to take a bottle with him so he left his truck there and went to the store. As he passed, he said he saw Billy Jo on her steps talking to some guy.’
‘Did he talk to them?’ I asked, suddenly alert. This was the first mention of another guy being around. Lawless shook his head.
‘No,’ he replied. ‘The parking lot was behind her building, to get to it you drive up the side of the place and that’s the way he walked out. She was on the steps to his left and to look for a store he turned right. He didn’t find one selling the cheap ass liquor he favored and when he came back they were both gone.’
‘Could he describe the man?’ Steph asked.
‘Big guy, young, looked like he worked out. Dark hair, wearing blue jeans and a WVU windbreaker. That’s the best he could do.’
‘And of course you couldn’t trace him,’ I said.
‘We couldn’t find anyone who saw him,’ Lawless said. 
‘So what did Lloyd do then?’ I asked.
‘He got in his truck, drove till he found a seven–eleven, bought a bottle, then went up to his cabin, smoked a joint or two, opened the booze and couldn’t remember anything else till the cops burst in to arrest him next morning. The seven-eleven had a camera and the tape showed Lloyd buying his booze at around nine-thirty, which agrees with his story.’ He paused and walked to an ancient filing cabinet. Rummaging in a drawer he came up with a DVD. 
‘Used to be on tape but we had it transposed onto this,’ He said. Slipping it into the player he switched on the TV. The security system the tape came from was one of those that have multiple cameras, in this case three. It showed the store, then the counter and lastly the parking lot. Each view lasted about fifteen seconds and then it flicked to the next. The date and time was displayed at the bottom corner of the screen 
The first few seconds showed an affidavit swearing it was a true and accurate copy of the original then it showed the inside of the store. The time was nine twenty-nine. At nine-thirty there were two cars on the parking lot, by nine thirty three one of these has gone and an old, beat-up truck was parking. Another truck was entering the lot.
‘Which one’s Lloyd?’ I asked.
‘The one parking up,’ Lawless said.
A minute later the screen showed Lloyd in the store looking at bottles of booze. It seemed to follow him selecting one and then it flicked to the view of the counter as he paid for it. When it got to the parking lot view again he was already in his truck and a minute or so later the lot was empty. The whole thing only lasted five minutes.
‘Pity the camera wasn’t higher,’ I said. ‘You might have been able to see into the bed of the truck.’
‘That’s the sort of luck Lloyd had all through this.’ Lawless said as he ejected the DVD.
‘That confirms where he was just after nine-thirty,’ I said. ‘What it doesn’t do is tell us where he was before. As far as I can see what it boils down to is Lloyd’s word against Heather’s. He says Billy Jo went home and she says she didn’t,’ I said.
‘And we already know Heather is a liar,’ Steph said. 
Lawless sighed.
‘The roomy didn’t say she didn’t go home, she said there was no sign of her going home. Heather Price was visiting with her family and friends across the river until around ten, we checked. Billy Jo could have come in, and gone out again.’
‘Except she was wearing her working clothes.’ I said.
‘Except she was wearing her working clothes,’ Lawless repeated. ‘And that works against Lloyd because it points to her not going home at all.’
After that Donnetta came back with the copies of the picture, I asked a couple of questions and then we shook hands with Lawless and told him we’d be in touch. 
It was ten minutes before three when we got back into the car.
‘What now,’ Steph asked, ‘Heather?’ I shook my head. She would be picking her kids up from the school bus about now and although it would take us nearly an hour to get to her I didn’t want to talk to her with them around. I wanted our interview to be free from interruptions of any sort. Besides, my leg was throbbing and I wanted to rest it.
‘No,’ I said, ‘we’ll save her until tomorrow. We’ll go home now but since we have to go through Huntington, why don’t we try that place Billy Jo worked at and see if her old boss is there while we’re passing?’
‘You know we’ve only had one meal today?’ she replied as she started the car. I sighed, the girl seemed to think of nothing but food.
‘Okay, we’ll stop off in Hurricane or Winfield on the way back and get some take out,’ I told her.
‘Wow,’ she replied. ‘You sure know how to show a girl a good time.’

Chapter Fourteen

The office where Billy Jo Wendover had once worked was just off 3rd Avenue in Huntington. Like all tax offices toward the end of tax season, it was a busy place. The parking lot in front of it was full and there were several cars on the vacant lot beside the church, opposite. We locked the car and walked over to the building with me limping heavily. My leg reminded me at every step that it needed rest and I had a great craving for coffee.
‘Good afternoon,’ I said to the receptionist. ‘Is Gloria Tennant here please?’
The receptionist, a woman in her fifties, shook her head.
‘I’m sorry sir,’ she replied, ‘Ms Tennant only takes special clients these days. We got four other preparers who’d be glad to help ya, but they’re busy right now and the wait is around three hours.’
‘I’m not here to file a return,’ I said. I flashed my ID at her. ‘I need to talk to Ms Tennant about a case I’m investigating.’
‘Oh,’ she said and picked up a clip board. Scanning it she found the name she was looking for. ‘I think she might have someone with her right now,’ she said slowly, ‘but I can try. What d’ya say your name was?’
‘Witton,’ I replied, ‘Dean Witton.’
She picked up the phone on her desk and dialed three or four numbers. I heard the muffled sound of ringing somewhere nearby that was cut off abruptly.
‘Ms Tennant,’ the receptionist said, ‘it’s Lara-Mae. I got a detective Witton and a woman out here. They say they got to talk to you ‘bout somethin’.’ There was a buzz of talk then she said, ‘okay’ and replaced the phone.
‘She’s got an appointment in twenty minutes, but she says if ya’all can keep it short she’ll see ya right now.’
Steph looked at me and raised her eyebrows. I shrugged. I didn’t see this taking very long, it was just background information and confirmation of Billy Jo’s last movements really. Besides, I was tired, in pain and I didn’t want to have to come back tomorrow.
‘We’ll keep it short,’ I said.
‘This way,’ Lara-Mae said and hauled her considerable bulk out of her seat. She waddled off and led us down a short corridor to a door marked with Gloria Tennant’s name followed by a string of letters.
‘Ms Tennant’s office,’ she said and turned to go.
‘Thanks,’ I replied, knocked and turned the handle.
Gloria Tennant looked like a college professor. She was not very tall, had short grey hair, wore glasses and a neat business suit. I’d have put her age at sixty but she could have been five years older. She was sitting behind a desk but stood and smiled warmly when we entered.
‘Detective Witton?’ she asked, holding out a hand.
‘Dean Witton,’ I replied shaking it, ‘and this is my associate, Steph Taylor.’
‘Ms Taylor,’ the older woman acknowledged, ‘Please sit down, both of you.’ We did so and she continued, ‘Let’s get the basics out of the way first. Can I see your badges please?’
I took out my ID and passed it over. Steph wasn’t licensed so she had nothing official she could show. Gloria looked at my license and then up at me.
‘I see,’ she said. ‘You’re not with the police, you’re a private detective Mr. Witton.’
‘I am,’ I agreed.
‘Lara-Mae didn’t make that clear. I  thought you were a police officer. Let me perhaps save us both some time and start by saying I am forbidden by Federal law to discuss any client of this company with you. I can’t even confirm that someone is a client.’
‘That’s okay,’ I replied. ‘It’s not a client we’re interested in, it’s an employee, or rather an ex-employee.’
‘I don’t discuss my employees without their consent either.’
‘This one can’t give her consent,’ Steph said. ‘She’s dead.’
‘Billy Jo Wendover,’ Gloria sighed. ‘I thought all that was finished.’
‘There’s still some doubt about Lloyd Morden’s guilt.’ I replied. ‘We’ve been retained to look into it.’ She gave a short, bitter laugh.
‘A little late for that, isn’t it?’ she said. ‘Surely the time for doubt was before they executed the poor man?’
‘You don’t think he did it?’ Steph asked. Gloria shook her head.
‘I have no idea if he did it or not,’ she replied. ‘It just so happens that I don’t believe in the death penalty for precisely this reason. I don’t think you can ever be absolutely certain someone is guilty. To take a second life under those circumstances is a crime in itself.’
‘You didn’t watch the trial?’ I asked.
‘I was a witness. I wasn’t allowed into the court to see any of it before I was called and I had no interest in it after they were done with me,’ she replied. ‘Billy Jo was dead but I didn’t know Mr. Morden and wanted no part in condemning him.’
‘You didn’t know Lloyd Morden before he was arrested?’ I asked. Again she shook her head.
‘I never met him, never spoke to him, never saw him before the trial as far as I know.’
‘What about Billy Jo, what can you tell us about her?’ Steph asked. Gloria Tennant gave an almost imperceptible shrug.
‘I can tell you what I told the court. She worked at this office from January second until she died. Not every day but three afternoons each week from two till seven and all day on Saturday. It was her first year as a tax preparer but she was a math major and was doing okay.’
‘Did you see her on her last day?’ I asked.
‘I did,’ she confirmed. ‘She came in about a quarter before two and took her last client around five thirty. I talked to her for a little while when she finished and she left here around seven thirty or maybe a few minutes after.’
‘Do you know if she went anywhere after leaving here?’ I asked. ‘I mean did she say she was going to a store or anything?’
‘She crossed the street to the vacant lot by the church, got in her car and drove off toward the bridge. I assumed she was going home.’
My instincts were immediately alert. There was a window in the office looking out over the street and the vacant lot. I could see my own car through it but it was behind Gloria Tennant. To watch Billy Jo walk to her car she would have had to stand and turn around.
‘You seem very sure of that,’ I said. ‘How do you know?’
‘I watched her.’ She sounded impatient, as if the answer was obvious.
‘Why?’ I asked. She colored slightly.
‘We’d just had a discussion, I was thinking about her.’ she said.
‘What did you discuss?’ Steph asked. Gloria shook her head.
‘That was personal, it had nothing to do with her getting murdered.’
‘Billy Jo was a flirt, she slept around and she used drugs. Was it because of any of these?’ Steph persisted. Gloria’s color grew deeper.
‘It had nothing to do with her death,’ she repeated.
‘Everything that happened to her on that day could have had something to do with her death,’ I said. ‘Our enquiries are far from complete but there’s plenty of reason for further investigation. If it comes back to court we can always subpoena you and ask you again. You’ll have to say then.’
Gloria sighed. ‘For a first year preparer Billy Jo was very good at her job but she was too friendly with some of the male clients. There were a couple of complaints from other staff and I had to tell her about it.’
‘You know we’re going to need the names of the staff who complained.’ I said.
‘Why?’ she demanded. ‘What difference does it make?’
‘The difference is, if it’s true that Trevor Lloyd Morden didn’t kill Billy Jo then someone else did. That means anyone who had a grudge or a fight with her may have had a motive.’
Gloria looked down at her desk and slowly shook her head. After a few seconds she raised it and looked me in the eyes.
‘One person who complained was an old preparer who worked here. She’d been with us for years and took her religion very seriously. She didn’t like what she called ‘dirty talk” and blaspheming. She left at the end of the tax season after Billy Jo was killed and died of breast cancer about five years ago.’ She paused and then added, ‘The other person was myself. I overheard her flirting with a client. She was loud and what she was saying was embarrassing for the other preparers, the clients and me. I had to tell her to stop and then called her in here about it afterwards. I had to lay down some rules, but we didn’t fight, she just seemed to think it was all a big joke. Does that make me a suspect?’
Steph and I looked at each other. Gloria was the last person I would have suspected of being a murderer but you never can tell. I nodded slowly.
‘It might get you a place on the list,’ I said.

***
‘You don’t really think she is a suspect, do you?’ Steph asked. We were sitting in the car on the vacant lot. I shrugged,
‘Why not?’ I replied.
‘She’s not a murderer,’ Steph said.
‘Why not?’ I repeated. ‘Because she looks like your old den mother? Murderers don’t have a look, they don’t have a flashing sign saying, “I did it”. They’re people just like you or me and you never know who may be one.’ I paused and then said, ‘But I agree with you, I don’t think she had anything to do with it.’ 
‘So what did you get from talking to her?’ she asked. I thought about that for a minute. Gloria, without knowing it, had provided evidence that tended to confirm Heather’s assessment of Billy Jo’s moral character. Both agreed the girl was a flirt. She liked men. The tax expert had also helped corroborate Lloyd’s testimony. He’d said they met on the parking lot behind her home at eight fifteen and she’d placed Billy Jo leaving her office and heading that way some thirty to forty-five minutes before that. Something didn’t add up though.
‘Confused,’ I answered Steph. 
‘Confused about what?’ she asked.
‘The timing,’ I answered. ‘Gloria says Billy Jo left here at the earliest, seven-thirty or thereabouts. She saw her apparently heading for the bridge just a couple of blocks away. Lloyd said she arrived home around fifteen after eight. That’s a very slow journey. She could have walked in that time so she had to have stopped somewhere on the way. He said they talked, smoked and then made out and the camera at the seven-eleven shows him there at nine thirty. An hour and a quarter including him walking around for ten minutes trying to find a liquor store, is that feasible?’
Steph thought about it.
‘I guess so, depends how good he was at making out, how long they talked, how long he really walked around and whether he actually knew the time when she arrived at her parking lot,’ she replied.
‘Okay,’ I said. ‘We agree it could have happened that way. Now let’s look at it the other way. The medical examiner says Billy Jo was killed between seven and ten. Gloria puts her alive, in her car heading west at seven thirty. In two hours at most Lloyd is supposed to have somehow got her to stop, taken her someplace, raped and murdered her, took her car up to Marshall, got back to his truck and driven to the seven-eleven. He’d also have had to change his clothes between killing her and dumping the car because they’d have been covered in blood. Do you think he could have done that too?’
Steph grimaced.
‘Yes,’ she said. ‘It would have been even easier if he’d grabbed her, drugged her or tied her up, took the car and then took her someplace to kill her.’
‘No evidence of restraints or drugs other than marijuana according to the autopsy.’ I pointed out. She sighed.
‘So either he did it your way or he’s telling the truth and between him last seeing her shortly after nine and the medical examiner’s time of ten o’clock someone else met and murdered her.’
I shook my head. Either of the two scenarios was possible and we had no way of deciding which was true. Then another thought occurred to me. Heather said she got back home at ten. She had an alibi until then, the police file confirmed she was with her family and friends in Huntington. Could it be the medical examiner’s timing was a little off? Suppose Heather had come back, had a fight with Billy Jo…, the thought petered out. It could have happened that way too but, if it had, how had the evidence been planted on Lloyd? He was miles away at the seven-eleven by nine-thirty and probably at his cabin by ten. Heather couldn’t have found him to dump Billy Jo’s body and put the evidence in his truck. 
I couldn’t figure it. My leg throbbed and so did my head. I was hungry and my thirst for coffee still wasn’t satisfied.
‘Okay, Beautiful,’ I said, ‘let’s go home.’
Steph stared at me. I couldn’t figure what I’d done wrong.
‘What?’ I asked.
‘You called me beautiful,’ she said.
I did and she was but it wouldn’t do to let her think I was going soft on her.
‘Couldn’t remember your name,’ I said nonchalantly. She laughed.
‘That’s the Dean Witton I know and love,’ she replied as she started the car.

***
General Tsao and I share a great liking for his chicken so we picked up Chinese take-out on the way back to Steph’s place. She preferred cashew shrimp and we had egg rolls, those crispy little fried noodles and hot and sour soup. It was quite a feast, made all the better by the cold beers she produced.
Afterwards we sat either side of the table, finishing our beers and talking.
‘You know,’ Steph said, ‘today hasn’t been a bad day. You got your money from Sara Watson, you’re finally finished with her unless there’s a hearing, we met Lloyd Morden’s attorney who’s a nice guy and your damn cell phone hasn’t rung once.’
She was right, it hadn’t rung and that was unusual. I pulled it out of my pocket. The screen was blank. I showed it to Steph.
‘That,’ I said, ‘is because the damned battery is dead. I remember noticing it was low yesterday and the damn thing must have been beeping at me all night but somebody drugged me so I didn’t hear it.’
Steph just shrugged. 
‘You couldn’t have charged it in the car while I was driving you round?’ she said. 
I could have done. I should have done but I didn’t. I’d forgotten. 
‘You’re supposed to be a blonde. Stop being logical,’ I said.
‘You got a charger?’ she asked.
‘There’s one in the lap top case,’ I replied. She fetched it and plugged it in. After a couple of minutes I told her to switch the phone on while it was still plugged in. It immediately beeped at me. Steph picked it up and looked at the screen.
‘Ten missed calls,’ she said. 
‘Jeez,’ I replied. ‘Seems somebody wanted to talk to me real bad. Any of them leave messages?’ She pressed a couple of buttons.
‘Eight,’ she said. I sighed and reached for it. Pressing speaker phone I played the first message. It was a man’s voice.
‘Mr. Witton,’ it said, ‘I’m speaking for William J. Wendover. Mr. Wendover needs to speak to you urgently concerning your current assignment. Please call him as soon as you receive this message.’
‘Do you have his number?’ Steph asked. I shrugged. Every contract I make with a new client has a contact address and phone number.
‘Its in the file,’ I said. I played message two. It was from Mike Thomas to say something had come up and he’d pulled the graveyard shift but he still needed to talk to me so could I contact him late in the afternoon.
‘He can wait,’ I said.
Message three was silent but message four made me sit up.
‘Dean?’ a familiar voice said. ‘It’s Jefferson Carne. Things have changed and we will definitely be needing you at the hearing. Rick Watson pre-empted us and has filed for divorce citing Mrs. Watson’s unreasonable behavior. We’ll be filing a counter suit and no doubt they’ll want to take a deposition from you. Can you call me as soon as possible to discuss this please.’
‘Shoot,’ I said, ‘and you said it was all over.’
‘What are you going to do?’ Steph asked.
‘Well,’ I said. ‘Since I promoted you to senior executive this morning I think I’m going to give you your own case files.’
She was silent for a moment.
‘You’re dumping crazy Sara on me aren’t you?’ she finally said. I grinned.
‘Everybody has to start somewhere,’ I told her.
‘But I wasn’t even working for you when you investigated her husband,’ she protested. ‘I can’t do the deposition, I didn’t see anything, I wasn’t there.’
‘No,’ I agreed, ‘I’ll need to do that but you can liaise with Carne and you can field anything from Sara. You can handle the file and set up meetings and things.’
‘While you go shooting off having fun on the Morden case?’ She sounded pissed.
‘No, my leg is still bad. I’ll need you on Morden too.’
‘Oh? So I’m senior executive chauffeur am I?’
‘What’s the matter? Can’t you handle the workload?’ I asked.
‘Witton, I’m thinking of doubling your rent,’ she replied. ‘You want another beer?’
I’d have loved another beer but I was going to take some painkillers to dull the ache in my leg before I went to bed so I shook my head.
‘No thanks,’ I told her. ‘I’m going to listen to the rest of these messages.’
Number five was Mike Thomas again.
‘Witton,’ he said, ‘where the hell are you? Call me.’
Number six was a blank message once more and number seven was again from Mike.
‘Witton, this ain’t funny. Wherever you are, answer the damn phone and call me or I’m gonna come looking for you.’
‘Hmm,’ I said, ‘he sounds pissed.’
‘You have that effect on people,’ Steph retorted. I knew she didn’t mean it and pressed the button for the last message. It was the same voice as the first one.
‘Mr. Witton,’ it said, ‘Mr. Wendover has not received your call and he needs to speak to you about your assignment. Be at his house at three p.m. tomorrow.’ It was an order. There was no “please” this time and something in the tone told me the speaker expected to be obeyed.
‘See,’ Steph said, ‘someone else who’s pissed at you.’ I looked at her. I didn’t really want her mad at me. I liked working with her. She was smart, witty, funny and she had some good ideas. On top of that she was beautiful. I reached out and took her hand in mine.
‘I’m sorry,’ I said softly. I saw her cheeks begin to color.
‘It’s okay,’ her voice was barely above a whisper and her green eyes were locked with my blue ones. I leaned toward her and her eyes closed.
I was about to kiss her when the bell rang and someone began pounding on the screen door. The spell was broken. Steph sat up and snatched her hand back as if mine was red hot.
‘What the hell…?’ I said. She stood and started towards the door as the pounding continued and someone held the bell push in. ‘Wait,’ I told her, reaching across and taking the Ruger from her purse. I handed it to her and pulled the Sigma from the shoulder holster I’d worn all day. Steph nodded, picked up the gun and crossed to the blind. Easing it away from the window an inch she peered through.
‘It’s that slimy cop,’ she said. I sighed, the mood was definitely broken now.
‘Better let him in before he beats down your door,’  I said.
Mike Thomas didn’t wait for the door to open fully. He pushed it hard, forcing Steph to step back in a hurry, and came in. Brushing past her without a word, he came over to me. His face was flushed with anger.
‘Witton, what the fuck’s your game? Where the hell have you been all day? Why don’t you answer the goddam phone?’
‘Hi to you too,’ I replied.
‘Don’t give me that crap,’ he snarled. ‘Get your damned coat and come with me.’
‘First, you owe the lady an apology,’ I told him, ‘and second I ain’t going anywhere at…’ I looked at the wall clock, ‘…eleven at night.’
‘You’ll come if I have to cuff and drag you,’ he said. I raised the hand holding my Smith and Wesson from my lap and placed the barrel so it rested on the table with the muzzle pointed at him.
‘You’ll apologize to the lady for forcing your way in here and for almost knocking her over. Then you’ll sit down and tell me what the hell this is all about or I’m going to shoot your sorry ass and report you as a burglar.’
Mike looked at the gun then looked up at me. He looked mean but he sighed and turned his head toward Steph.
‘Sorry, ma’am,’ he said. She shook her head and closed the door. She looked at me.
‘You’re not half as sorry as I am,’ she said. ‘Like all cops, your timing is lousy.’ She walked to the kitchen. ‘I’ll put coffee on.’ 
I laid the gun on the table and nodded toward a chair.
‘So what’s your problem?’ I said.
Mike sat as if he was bone weary.
‘You’re the goddam problem,’ he said, jabbing his finger toward me. ‘Someone tries to ice you twice and then you vanish. You don’t tell me where you are, you don’t answer the phone, you don’t come in to make a statement like you’re supposed to. You just disappear from the face of the planet. Talk was that the perp got third time lucky and you were lying in a ditch somewhere.’
He was right of course. I should have checked in with him. I should have charged my phone. I should have called to make a statement. I should have done a lot of things but telling him I’d fouled up wasn’t one of them.
‘Were you guys worried about me?’ He pulled a wry face.
‘No way,’ he replied. ‘I got my ass chewed for letting you go yesterday without making a statement. I’ve been told you got to make it today.’
‘What’s the hurry?’ I asked.
‘Some people still remember what happened when you left. The guy you slugged still has friends. There’s some people didn’t believe your story and now word has it that your business wasn’t doing too good. I been told to treat this as a possible case of insurance fraud.’
I laughed but I wasn’t thinking it was funny.
‘So I’m supposed to have torched my own place and then run myself down to make it look good? Ain’t I the smart cookie.’ I said. He shook his head and looked a little embarrassed. Giving Steph a glance as she stood in the kitchen doorway he replied, ‘Nope, they think you had help with the hit and run part of it.’
I laughed again.
‘Well you can tell the guys they’re wrong,’ I said. ‘I’m doing okay. In fact I banked ten thousand dollars last week and I not only got paid another seven and a half grand in cash today, I also got another job and I can prove all of it. My business is doing just fine so tell your wiseass friends they ain’t even in the ballpark with their theories.’
‘I still need statements from both of you,’ he said stubbornly.
‘From me too?’ Steph asked.
‘Yes ma’am,’ Mike replied. She smiled sweetly at him.
‘Well screw you,’ she said. ‘I’m not saying anything.’
‘I need a statement…’ Mike began.
‘What you need is some manners,’ Steph explained. ‘You need to stop goddam swearing, you need to say please and you need to wait till it’s convenient for me and my lawyer.’
‘You don’t need no lawyer, its just a goddam…just a statement.’ Mike said.
‘I told you, don’t blaspheme. You just suggested I ran Dean down and that I’m an accessory to an insurance fraud,’ Steph replied. ‘Now you either arrest my ass and take me downtown or you wait until I come in with my lawyer. Either way, if you or any of your buddies accuse me of doing anything again I’m going to sue your asses off.’ She paused to see if he would react but he just stared at her. ‘Now,’ she continued, ‘it’s fifteen after eleven and I’m going to leave you boys to talk while I go to bed. Goodnight detective.’
She came over to me, kissed me lingeringly on the cheek, whispered, ‘I’ll take a rain check on what was going to happen before we were interrupted.’ Then she walked out of the room.
‘Jeez,’ Mike exploded. ‘She’s as bad as you are. You’re  two of a kind. I think you deserve each other.’
‘Thanks,’ I said softly. I could still feel her kiss and the softness of her breath on my ear sending shivers down  my spine. In a way, I hoped we did deserve each other.

Chapter Fifteen

My headache was back when I woke in the guest bed the next morning. It was twenty after seven and I’d been asleep for maybe five hours. Mike had stayed until I threw him out at about two a.m. While he was there I’d made my formal statement about the hit and run, I’d given him another one detailing my movements at the time of the arson attack and we’d discussed every case I’d been involved in during the past six months. His conclusion was the same as mine; somehow, I had inadvertently trodden on someone’s toes while looking into the Billy Jo murder. He’d asked who I’d talked to and was very suspicious I wasn’t telling him all I’d discovered. He was right. I’d not mentioned the picture showing Heather and Lloyd together. I didn’t want some cop putting his big feet into the investigation before I’d had chance to look at it.
I took my shower, shaved and dressed. My leg was still stiff but it felt a little better this morning. The rest of me felt like it needed another two or three hours in bed. I went downstairs and found Steph was in the living room with the police file spread all over the table. She looked up.
‘Morning sleepyhead,’ she said with a smile. ‘Want some coffee?’
‘Does that come with Advil?’ I asked. She nodded, got up and crossed to get the pills.
‘Your leg bothering you?’
‘Not as much as my head. It was a mistake making a full pot of coffee, Mike decided he couldn’t leave until he’d finished it.’
‘Does he still want a statement from me?’ 
I shook my head as I filled a cup. I raised the pot questioningly to Steph but she shook her head.
‘I don’t know,’ I said in answer to her question. ‘He didn’t say, I think he’s kinda scared of you.’
She pulled a face.
‘So he should be. Sleazy little cop.’
It’s surprising the reviving qualities that coffee has. After only a couple of sips I was feeling better. I nodded at the papers she’d been looking at.
‘You working already?’ I asked.
‘Nothing better to do since the boss spends half the morning sleeping.’
I ignored the sarcasm and looked at what she had been reading. They were witness statements concerning Heather Mortenson or Heather Price as she was at the time.
‘Find anything?’ I asked. She sighed.
‘Not what I wanted,’ she answered. ‘I was lying in bed thinking about the case and I was wondering whether Heather lied about being in Huntington. It struck me if she did she could have killed Billy Jo and dumped the evidence on Lloyd.’
‘Sorry,’ I said, ‘I should have told you. I already checked out her alibi. There were at least six people who put her at her mother’s place in Huntington from late afternoon till nearly ten, one of them a Baptist minister.’
‘I know that now,’ she said. ‘And I know she couldn’t have done it later. The coroner puts the time of death too early and she wouldn’t have been able to implicate Lloyd because he was long gone.’
It was interesting to see that she was thinking along the same lines as I had the previous afternoon.
‘So, unless she managed it some way we haven’t thought of, we can say Heather didn’t do it,’ I said.
‘So why did she lie about knowing him? Steph continued. ‘She had nothing to gain, she had a cast iron alibi so she couldn’t have done it yet her testimony helped to get him executed.’
‘The only way to find out is to ask her,’ I said.
‘You want breakfast first?’ she asked.
‘What do you have?’
‘Oatmeal, eggs, toast, pancakes…’
‘Blueberry pancakes?’
Steph shuddered.
‘No way,’ she said. I shrugged,
‘I suppose I’ll have to put up with them plain,’ I said. ‘As long as you got plenty of syrup.’
***
Of course it was raining and a truck had managed to lose half its load on the highway. I-64 was slow and what should have been a forty-minute journey took well over an hour. It was ten till ten when Steph stopped the car on the road outside Heather Mortenson’s house.
‘How do you want to play this? she asked. I’d been thinking about that. Judging from the last time we’d spoken to her, scaring her was the key to getting her to talk. This time I thought we needed to terrify her. I didn’t like doing it but I suspected it would be the only way.
‘We go in hard,’ I said. ‘She gave us a load of crap last time. We not only need to know the true story, we need to find out why she lied to us the other day and more importantly why she lied at the original trial.’
‘Well you do the talking then,’ Steph said. ‘You’re better at the bad cop than I would be.’ I gave her a dirty look and she nodded. ‘Yeah, that’s it. Just look at her like that and she’ll be begging to talk.’
The rain was coming down heavily. We got out of the car and Steph half ran to the covered porch while I hobbled behind. She rang the bell and within seconds Heather opened the door. I swear she was expecting someone else because when she saw us her face fell. She held the front door open but made no move to open the storm door.
‘What do you two want?’ she said, talking through it.
‘We went to see Billy Jo’s old boss,’ I said. ‘We have just a couple more questions we need to ask you.’
‘I don’t have to answer any of your questions,’ she replied. ‘I talked to an attorney, the case is closed. You got no right to pester me and if you don’t go right now I’ll call the cops.’ 
‘It’s just a couple of questions…’ I began.
‘Go away!’ she screamed at me. ‘I’m calling nine-one-one.’
It was obvious she wasn’t going to play.
‘Okay, call them. And while you’re there call your attorney as well because you’re going to need him.’ I paused and then said, ‘Oh, and you'd better call your husband to watch the kids too because you won’t be coming back to be here with them.’
Her face lost some of its color and she hesitated. I could see her mind racing about whether to slam the door and make the call or try to face us out.
‘What do you mean,’ she managed to force out.
‘U.S. code sixteen twenty-three,’ I said. ‘It’s about perjury in a court of law. The maximum penalty is five years in prison and a two-hundred fifty-thousand dollar fine. Since your lying testimony got Lloyd Morden executed you’ll probably get the max without parole. That’s if they don’t charge you with second degree murder too.’
She just stared at me for several seconds, her face pale and her eyes round with shock.
‘I didn’t murder anyone,’ she whispered.
‘Tell that to Lloyd,’ I answered. ‘He may see it differently.’
‘But I didn’t lie,’ she protested with a strange note of relief in her voice.
The wind had changed as we stood there and rain was now blowing on to us.
‘Can we come in?’ I asked.
‘No,’ she replied instantly. I reached into my coat pocket and brought out one of the copies of the picture of her and Lloyd. I was careful to keep it hidden from her.
‘Did you know Trevor Lloyd Morden before his arrest?’ I asked.
‘No.’ Again the relief was plain in her voice.
‘Liar,’ I said, holding up the picture so she could see it.
‘Oh my God,’ Her hand flew to her mouth and she stepped backwards. I grasped the handle of the screen door, pushed it down and pulled the door open. Stepping into the house I held the picture out towards her.
‘Take it,’ I said. ‘When they get you in court the prosecution will have it blown up poster size.’
She sort of half staggered back a couple of steps to the living room and collapsed in a chair. I followed with Steph close behind me.
‘Is she okay?’ Steph sounded really concerned. Heather was white faced and panting for breath.
‘Shhh,’ I replied. I was reluctant to relax the pressure now.
‘Where…where did you get that picture?’ Heather gasped. I shook my head.
‘It doesn’t matter where I got it,’ I said. ‘Nor how many more I have. It’s enough to prove you lied at Lloyd Morden’s trial. I can give it to the cops and they’ll throw you in jail or you can tell me why you lied and I’ll give the picture to you. Your choice.’
I saw her eyes narrow a little. Seeing the picture had been a shock and it had scared her but she was thinking fast now.
‘You’ll give it to me?’ she asked.
‘When we have the true story and you’ve told us why you lied at the trial,’ I replied. She sat up a little straighter. Her color was returning and I could see the cunning in her eyes as she tried to work out just how little she could get away with telling us. 
‘You’re working for Mr. Wendover?’ she asked. I nodded.
‘We are,’ I said.
‘And you won’t give the picture to the cops?’
I sighed with exasperation.
‘If you tell us the truth you can have the goddam picture,’ I replied. ‘But you better start talking now because in one minute I’m out that door and on my way to Lawrence County Sheriff’s office.’
She grimaced and looked from me to Steph as if seeking support. I’m not sure if it was the glare I gave her or the look of encouragement Steph had on her face but Heather sighed and said, ‘What do you want to know?’
‘How well did you know Lloyd Morden?’ I asked.
‘I met him once…’ she replied.
‘Aw come on!’ I exploded thrusting the picture towards her. ‘That ain’t a first date. Look at it, you’re all over him.’
‘It’s true,’ she protested. ‘I only ever met him once.’
‘Dean…’ Steph said. I looked at her and she held up a hand indicating I should hold back for a moment. She was usually right so I sat down and subsided. Turning to Heather she said, ‘Okay, you say you only met him once. Tell us about it.’
Heather reached for a tissue from a box on the side table. She dabbed the corners of her eyes and sniffed.
‘It…it was New Year’s in ’eighty-seven. Billy Jo and me were going out partying and she wanted to score some pot. She called the guy she usually got it from but he was fresh out. He told her about this bar though where a guy he knew was selling. We went and the guy got a new supply while we was there. The person who delivered it was Lloyd.’
‘Was the wig a disguise or did you always dress like that?’ Steph asked. Heather looked at her with more respect.
‘We always wore them,’ she said. ‘Billy Jo didn’t want her daddy finding out where she was going and what she was doing. She was scared somebody might recognize us.’
‘But you were telling her daddy anyway,’ I said harshly. ‘So what happened when you met Lloyd?’
‘Like I said, we was going partying but we never got there,’ Heather replied. ‘Billy Jo was stuck on him the minute she saw him. She asked him about some stuff and he said okay, so they went out to the parking lot to do the deal. I think they screwed each other then, they was gone nearly an hour. When they came back he bought us some drinks. He was already so high he was flying and we partied till daylight. Billy Jo and him went outside at least another two times and she couldn’t stop talking about him next day.’
‘And you told daddy all this?’
She had the grace to blush and couldn’t meet my eyes.
‘Most of it,’ she replied.
‘And what was her daddy’s reaction?’ Steph asked.
‘He was mad. Said he’d look into it and told me to tell him every time Billy Jo saw Lloyd. I think she knew I was telling him what she was doing though because she never brought him to the house and if I mentioned him she’d just clam up.’
‘So how do you know she was still seeing him?’ I asked.
‘Mr. Wendover told me. He called him ‘Hominy Bob’ and he kept asking me to go through her things to see if there was anything about him. He was really worried by him.’
‘Why?’ Steph asked. ‘From what you’ve said Billy Jo had a lot of men in her life, why was her father so concerned about this one?’
Heather was relaxing now. Her color had returned to normal and her breathing had slowed. She managed a weak smile at Steph’s question and I made a mental note to watch her. I didn’t trust her at all, especially when she thought she was being smart.
‘Billy Jo was into one night stands. She’d meet them, screw them a couple of times then dump them but Lloyd wasn’t like that. Mr. Wendover said she kept going back and that worried him.’
‘Why?’ I asked.
Heather shrugged.
‘He never said but Billy Jo used to tell me she was going to get a lot of money and some stocks and land when she was twenty-one. She hated her daddy, said he wasn’t really concerned about her; he just wanted to make sure she kept her money in the family. She told me she might marry some bum just to spite him.’
She had almost fully regained her confidence now. It was as if she was expecting something worse that hadn’t happened. I thought back over what we’d asked and what she had told us but couldn’t see what it was I’d missed. I thought it was time to shake her up again.
‘So why did you decide to commit perjury?’ I asked. I couldn’t have got a worse reaction if I’d slapped her. She collapsed back in the chair and stared at me wide eyed. I wasn’t sure if it was an act or she was really scared. I didn’t care either; I was fast losing my patience with her. As far as I was concerned, she had sent a man to his death. ‘Come on,’ I said, ‘it must have been in the first couple of days or you wouldn’t have gotten away with it.’
‘It wasn’t my fault,’ she whispered.
‘Then whose fault was it?’ I demanded.
‘Mr. Wendover’s,’ she replied. It was my turn to be surprised. I hadn’t known why Heather had lied but I’d not thought of Wendover. It seemed Steph was equally surprised.
‘Why?’ she asked.
‘More important, how did he persuade you to lie before the police got to you?’ I asked.
Heather shook her head.
‘I called him early in the morning when I realized Billy Jo wasn’t home. He asked who she’d been out with and I told him she’d been to work and as far as I knew hadn’t come home. He just said it was Hominy Bob and told me to report her missing. He was pretty mad; said she needed a good lesson. Anyway, I called and gave them the details but they didn’t seem too interested. They said it wasn’t unusual for twenty-year-old girls to stay out all night. Not long after, the Sheriff’s office called back and asked if I had a recent picture of Billy Jo. I said I did so they told me they was sending somebody to get it.’
‘Didn’t you think that was strange?’ Steph asked. ‘I mean, you’d only just reported her missing, they weren’t interested and then suddenly they wanted a picture straight away.’
Heather nodded.
‘I thought it was really weird so I called her daddy again,’ she said. ‘He’d told me not to give out her picture or talk to reporters if any came around. I called and said the Sheriff wanted a picture and he told me to give it to them along with anything else they wanted. He said he’d pull some strings, find out what was happening and call me back.’
‘Who came for the picture?’ I asked.
Heather shuddered.
‘A deputy. Slimy, fat guy. He actually tried hitting on me while he was telling me that they’d found a girl’s body. He even tried to leave his number.’ 
	That was Herb, I thought and apparently his methods of picking up girls hadn’t changed in twenty years. I half smirked at Steph and she tried so hard to ignore me that it was obvious she knew what I was thinking.
‘What did you do?’ She asked. Heather shook her head and then used the tissue to dab at her eyes again.
‘I was scared and in shock. I gave him the picture, got rid of him, and then I called Mr. Wendover again. I couldn’t get him at first and it was about an hour later he called me back. He said the police had told him a girl’s body had been found, and they thought it was Billy Jo. He also said Lloyd Morden had been arrested.’
‘He knew that before you’d identified the body?’ Steph asked.
‘And why did they ask you to identify her?’ I said. ‘If Wendover was so involved why didn’t he do it?’
‘He knew everything,’ Heather replied. ‘He always does but he couldn’t identify her because he was in Washington. He asked me to do it and told me not to say anything to the police. He said he was going to get the FBI to take over the case and he’d tell me what to say later.’ She paused, sobbed and blew her nose on the sodden tissue then looked at me with reddened eyes. Shaking her head she said, ‘I couldn’t have said anything to them anyway, I was in shock. It was horrible; her face was all cut up. I couldn’t believe anybody could do that to her.’
I wasn’t feeling any sympathy for her. If she had told the truth the chances were that Lloyd Morden would have been out of prison by now. Instead he was dead and it was her fault.
‘So, after you went and identified Billy Jo, what happened then?’ I asked.
Heather sniffed, got herself another tissue and blew her nose again. She seemed to be genuinely upset at remembering the day. The tears would not stop running down her cheeks but I still couldn’t drum up any sympathy for her.
‘A detective came to take me to the morgue. He was really nice. Asked if there was anyone he could call to come sit with me. Told me he’d be back later to take my statement but he never came. It was some people from the FBI instead. They looked all over the house and took a lot of Billy Jo’s stuff away.’
‘When did Wendover tell you to say you didn’t know Lloyd?’ I asked.
‘That night. It was late, he said he’d flown in and seen her body and been briefed by the FBI agent in charge. He said it was definitely Lloyd who had done it. They had the knife he’d used and her blood was all over his truck. He said he thought Lloyd might get away with a plea if it came out they were sleeping together. He said he wanted Lloyd punished, so I was to say they didn’t know each other.’
Steph and I looked at each other. It seemed that William J. Wendover had manipulated the case against Lloyd right from the start. The question was why had he done it? An answer leapt to mind but it was an answer that left me confused and uneasy. It was also an unbelievable answer and one, which, if Heather had told us the truth, could not be possible.
‘You said Wendover was in Washington,’ I said. ‘How do you know that? Did he tell you or did you call a Washington number?’
‘I called his cell phone like always,’ she replied. ‘He said he was at the airport in D.C. He’d just arrived and had a meeting with a senator.’ And that meant the answer that had leapt to mind was possible. Wendover could have killed his own daughter, planted the evidence on Lloyd and then flown to Washington next morning. Or maybe he never was in Washington, who would know twenty years after the event? We had an appointment to talk to Wendover later and I couldn’t wait. As far as I was concerned we’d done with Heather for the moment. Depending on what Wendover told us I might want to talk to her again but for now I was disgusted by her and gave her one parting shot.
‘How much?’ I asked.
She paused in mid sniffle.
‘How much what?’
‘How much did Wendover pay you to lie to the police?’
‘I…I…he didn’t,’ she stammered. Her expression told me she was lying again. I stood up.
‘Come on Steph,’ I said making no attempt to hide my contempt. ‘I need some fresh air.’
I turned and walked to the door.
‘It wasn’t like that.’ Heather’s sob didn’t make me turn. I heard Steph say something but I was already limping to the car. She had the keys and I stood in the rain for a couple of minutes. It was cold and wet but I didn’t mind, I’d felt dirty in Heather’s house and the weather was cleansing. I heard the door shut behind me and Steph hurried to the car. She opened the doors and we both got in. She looked at me.
‘You okay?’ she asked.
‘I will be as soon as I get the stink of Heather out of my nose,’ I replied. ‘That woman would sell her children into slavery if she got the right offer. I hope they lock her away and lose the key.’
‘You’re going to report her to the Justice Department?’ she asked. I paused. I was tempted but I shook my head.
‘No,’ I replied. ‘I’d like to but I told her I wouldn’t and besides, I don’t need to. Pete Lawless has a copy of the picture and he spent twenty years trying to protect Lloyd. I’m very sure he won’t let her get away with it.’
‘Especially when he knows Wendover gave her the house,’ Steph said quietly. I stared at her in disbelief.
‘He gave her the house?’ I repeated. She nodded.
‘She just told me. You scared the hell out of her and she was trying to explain. She says after Billy Jo was killed he let her stay on there rent-free till she graduated. He gave her the deeds as a sort of graduation present but it was all agreed the night Lloyd was arrested.’
I thought about it for a minute. The house we’d seen was probably worth around a hundred and twenty-five thousand. Back in ’eighty-eight it might have been worth half that, say sixty-five grand. Not a whole lot for the price of a man’s life. I was even more eager to see William J. Wendover.


Chapter Sixteen

I looked at my watch. It was barely eleven. We had four hours before we were due to meet Wendover and we were maybe forty minutes away from his house. That suited me fine; I had something I needed to do before we saw him. I looked at Steph.
‘Okay,’ I said, ‘I guess you want feeding yet again.’
‘I thought you’d never offer,’ she replied.
‘It’s only three hours since breakfast,’ I protested.
‘For you, maybe,’ she said. ‘I was up and working hours before you got out of bed.’
‘So where do you want to go?’ I asked. She shrugged.
‘I don’t mind,’ she said. ‘You got any preferences?’
‘Anywhere at the mall that has wi-fi and coffee,’ I replied. She got that far away look on her face that men learn to dread.
‘Mmm, the mall,’ she said dreamily.
‘Forget it; we’re going to be working.’
We ended up at Arby’s. They had the internet connection I wanted, the coffee was good and the curly fries better. Steph drove and we got there about fifteen minutes before midday. After ordering we found a corner table and I set up the laptop.
‘Why do we need to get on line?’ Steph asked.
‘We’ve talked to Heather twice now,’ I replied. ‘Both times she’s told us that Billy Jo was due to inherit money when she was twenty-one. She said it was Wendover who was concerned about it, so I thought maybe we should find out just how much we’re talking about before we see him.’
‘You don’t think he killed her do you?’ she asked. Did I? I’d thought about it and had no idea. There was a problem with the case and although I was more and more convinced Lloyd Morden didn’t do it, there didn’t seem to be anyone else who had both the motive and the opportunity. Billy Jo had been into the drug scene, albeit in a small way. Maybe she had upset some drug dealer. She was also into sex and apparently didn’t care who she had it with. Perhaps her killer was a jealous lover or jilted girlfriend of a lover. I just didn’t know. The only possibility I had dismissed was that the killer was a deranged stranger who just happened to meet her. Someone like that finding and killing her was possible of course but the chances of them then being able to implicate Lloyd seemed a little too remote. I shrugged.
‘It’s a possibility,’ I answered Steph’s question. ‘If it wasn’t Lloyd then it had to be someone else who knew about the two of them. Candidates seem to be rather thin on the ground.’
‘Okay,’ Steph said. ‘Let me finish my popcorn chicken and I’ll get started.’
Thirty minutes later she sat back and sighed with exasperation. We had tried every search engine we could find and had come up with nothing. Or rather, we had come up with a bazillion references to Billy Jo and her murder but none of them detailed her inheritance. She was described as an heiress but no one had thought to say what she was due to inherit.
‘Maybe we’re doing it wrong,’ I said. ‘They all say Billy Jo was going to get money, maybe instead of looking for her we should try to find who she inherited from?’
‘My guess is it was her mother,’ Steph said. ‘It stands to reason. No one has ever mentioned her so she probably wasn’t around. Maybe she had died and left everything to her daughter?’
‘Try it,’ I said. She started typing. Five minutes later we had the answer.
‘Wow!’ Steph said. I agreed. According to the article we were reading Billy Jo’s mother had been the daughter of Max Swanson of Swanson Publishing. She’d died when Billy Jo was fourteen and had left her daughter a total of fifty-three million dollars in trust until she was twenty-one.
‘No wonder Wendover was concerned about Billy Jo marrying somebody like Lloyd.’ I said. ‘With his family and his habits he’d have gone through that in the first six months and then come back looking for more.’
We found more websites and looked at the details. The inheritance wasn’t all in cash; there was a lot of property, stocks and bonds. All of it reverted to her father on Billy Jo’s death.
‘So,’ I said, ‘we finally have someone with a motive, fifty-three million motives in fact. Now we need to see the guy to find out if he had the opportunity.’
‘But she was his daughter,’ Steph protested. ‘He wouldn’t have killed her…would he?’ I looked at her and slowly shook my head.
‘You’ve never met the man, have you?’ I said. ‘Wait until you do. Apart from the fact that he seems to be totally lacking in emotion, he’s very like Heather. He would sell his own mother if he could make a profit.’
William J. Wendover lived on Misty Creek Road off I-64 in Milton. I didn’t know it even though I’ve lived in the area all my life. When we got there, I saw why. We drove under the interstate and wound into the heavily wooded hills on increasingly narrow roads. We were both looking out for it but even so, we nearly missed it. It was a small sign pointing to a narrow road on our left that climbed a long curve through the trees toward the ridge.
The top wasn’t visible at the start but as the road turned towards the left we saw a long mesh fence disappearing into the trees on both sides. Tall iron gates supported on solid brick pillars closed the road itself. It was fifteen till three when I stopped in front of them. Nothing happened for a minute but then Steph pointed to a camera on a tall pole just behind the fence. As I watched it slowly swiveled until it pointed towards the car.
A disembodied voice suddenly said, ‘Can I help you?’ I couldn’t see where it came from but I lowered the window.
‘Dean Witton to see Mr. Wendover,’ I called. There was no reply but the gates swung smoothly open and Steph drove through, up the last few feet to the top of the ridge and stopped.
‘Wow,’ she said for the second time that day. Once again I could see why. In front of us, nature had created a bowl that nestled in the hills on the other side of the ridge. It was about a mile across and it had been cleared of most of the trees except for a few huge old ones. Someone had spent a fortune and had sown the cleared area richly with Kentucky blue grass. In the centre of this bowl was a flat-topped hillock I suspected was man made and on top of this stood a house. Made out of creamy white stone with a gray roof, it was the only building in sight. It was huge and looked like something out of a colonial period drama. ‘That’s a hell of big place for one guy to live in alone.’ Steph said. For some reason her voice was hushed as if in reverence. I just stared at the house until her words registered 
‘Yeah,’ I said. ‘He lives there all alone except maybe for the chauffeur, the butler, the cook, the maids, the gardeners and the rest of the ordinary Joes who keep it looking like that.’
She looked at me.
‘Witton, you got no soul,’ she said. I laughed and she drove on down the white gravel drive that curved for half a mile before climbing the hillock to the courtyard in front of the house.
There was an ornamental pool with a fountain here and Steph stopped the car next to this. She looked at me.
‘You going to play bad cop again?’ she asked. I shook my head.
‘No,’ I replied. ‘That won’t work here. I think this time we’ll both have to be the good guys. Wendover sent for us and I figure it wasn’t so we could have dinner with him.’ 
As I spoke Steph nodded toward the house. There were three wide, white marble steps leading to a porticoed porch and a huge, mahogany front door. This had opened and a man stood on the steps looking at us. He was short and skinny, almost bald on top with just a fringe of dark hair above his ears. He wore a suit and glasses and he was peering hard at us.
‘The reception committee,’ I said. ‘And you thought he lived here alone.’
Steph gave me one of her looks and opened the car door.
‘Come on,’ she said, ‘let’s not keep the great man waiting.’
I followed her and limped through the drizzle to the house. The waiting man frowned at Steph, looked at his watch and then turned his frown on me.
‘Mr. Witton?’ he said. It was the voice that had left the messages on my phone, I recognized it immediately. I nodded.
‘That’s me,’ I confirmed. He looked at Steph.
‘And this is?’ he said. I didn’t like his tone or the expression of disdain he had plastered on his face.
‘This is my partner, Ms Taylor,’ I replied, ‘and who the hell are you?’ I think he was taken aback at my abrupt question, mainly because I felt pissed and I didn’t try to hide it from him.
‘I’m Gary Van Hume,’ he replied quickly. ‘Mr. Wendover’s private secretary.’ 
I remembered his impatient look at his watch.
‘Well then Gary, shall we go?’ I asked. ‘I believe Mr. Wendover is expecting us to be here at three and we surely don’t want to keep him waiting because of your tardiness now do we?’
‘I…er…’ he stammered in confusion. ‘…er…no. No, please follow me.’
He turned and led us into a huge hallway that could probably have held my entire office. It was tastefully painted in pale cream with matching thick carpets scattered here and there over the brilliant shine of the oak floor. The centre of the ceiling was filled by a huge chandelier while the walls held several works of art that looked familiar and were probably worth a fortune. In front of us was a wide, curving stairway sweeping up to the second floor but Van Hume turned to the left and led us down a side corridor. 
‘I’m a Partner now, eh?’ Steph murmured out the side of her mouth. ‘Boy, I’m sure shooting up that corporate ladder. How come you never seem to get promoted?’
‘Oh, hush,’ I answered. Van Hume looked over his shoulder and frowned. He’d stopped in front of a door.
‘Mr. Wendover is in here,’ he said. He paused. I wasn’t sure if he expected us to genuflect, compose ourselves or do something else but I just shrugged. After a moment, he knocked and opened the door.
It was a small room laid out as an office. It was also very hot. The walls were paneled in some light colored wood with matching bookshelves and there was a single desk by the window with one guest chair set in front of it. Wendover sat in a deep leather armchair behind it and I was shocked at the sight of him. He’d looked pale and drawn the first time I’d seen him, now he was thinner and his color had faded even more until his skin was almost translucent. His eyes seemed to have sunk into his head and he was slumped in his chair.
‘Mr. Witton has arrived Mr. Wendover,’ Van Hume announced, ‘and there’s a Miss Taylor here too.’
Wendover made an impatient gesture for us to enter. He had some papers spread on his desk and he looked down as if we had interrupted him working on these. He didn’t ask us to sit but I held the chair in front of the desk out for Steph and when she sat I fetched one from by the wall for myself. As I lifted it I spotted a green cylinder of oxygen half hidden behind the desk at Wendover’s feet. He glanced up.
‘I don’t need you,’ he said to Van Hume. The secretary, who had followed us in and now stood hovering, flushed and nodded once before leaving and closing the door firmly behind him. Wendover looked at me and then transferred his glance to Steph.
‘Who’re you?’ he asked abruptly.
‘Mr. Witton’s partner,’ she answered with a smile. 
‘Why’re you here?’ he demanded. I was ready to tell him but Steph can stand up for herself.
‘I’ve been involved with the investigation from the beginning,’ she said. ‘I’m familiar with the file and we thought I might be of some assistance filling in any details you required.’
Wendover’s lip curled but he didn’t respond, instead he looked at me again.
‘You’re limping Witton,’ he said.
‘I know,’ I replied. 
Again Wendover ignored the comment.
‘I haven’t heard anything from you,’ he said. ‘It’s been over a week since I came to see you. I paid you a considerable sum to do a job for me and yet you haven’t reported back yet.’
I shrugged.
‘I didn’t think it was important to report to you unless I had something you might want to hear.’ I said.
‘You’ve found nothing to indicate Morden might not have done it?’ he asked.
‘We’ve found no actual proof of his innocence,’ I replied. ‘We have found several people who do not believe he did it. In fact it’s difficult to find anyone who knew him who does think he did it.’
‘What his Hominy Bob friends think is of no consequence,’ Wendover snapped impatiently. ‘Your task was to look at the evidence. Have you found any that says he did not murder my daughter?’
‘No,’ I admitted. ‘But there are some big gaps in it that should have left room for doubt and we can prove that at least one of the witnesses was bribed to lie to the court. The jury never heard testimony that could have saved him.’
‘I didn’t want him saved!’ Two spots of color had appeared on Wendover’s pale cheeks and he almost quivered with fury as he spat out the words. ‘He put his foul hands on my daughter, he robbed me of her and he had to pay for that.’
‘With his life?’ I asked.
‘With his worthless life,’ he replied. I shook my head.
‘But if Heather Mortenson had told the truth about him having an affair with Billy Jo everything would have been different.’ I said.
‘And he might have got away with murdering her. I wasn’t going to risk some hick town lawyer getting that animal off. He had to die.’
‘There was no motive for him to murder her. She slept with him willingly. If he killed her then he was the loser.’
‘He was a loser all his life,’ 
‘Perhaps, but he didn’t get a fair trial,’ I replied.
‘He didn’t deserve one.’ he snapped.
‘Everyone deserves justice,’ I said.
‘Billy Jo didn’t get it. She was killed when she was just twenty years old. She had her whole life ahead of her.’ There was a note of bitterness in his voice but that was the only trace of emotion he betrayed. I took a deep breath.
‘I don’t think she has been given justice now,’ I said quietly.
Wendover stared at me in silence for several seconds then he slowly licked his thin, bloodless lips. ‘And what do you mean by that?’ he asked.
‘I mean there were other people with possible motives for killing Billy Jo. At least one of them had a better motive than Lloyd Morden, who it now seems had no real motive at all. I mean  the person who had the motive deliberately interfered with the evidence and actually benefited from her death, which Lloyd did not.’
I held his unblinking gaze in mine. His eyes were red and watering. For the first time I noticed he had no eyelashes. 
‘That is supposition. You can’t find any proof he didn’t do it,’ he said.
I  understood now. He didn’t care about justice for Lloyd Morden, nor did he want it for his daughter. Someone had taken something away from him. He’d had a huge fight with Billy Jo and she’d virtually disowned him. She was all he had after the death of his wife and he’d been looking for someone to punish from the day Billy Jo left. Whether he really thought Lloyd had killed her or whether he’d actually killed her himself, I wasn’t sure, but in his mind someone else had to pay so he’d focused on Lloyd.
‘No,’ I replied. ‘I can’t prove he didn’t do it. Lloyd was in the area, he had the time and the evidence was found in his truck…’ I said.
‘My daughter was found practically on his doorstep.’ It was another outburst of pure anger.
‘I agree,’ I said, ‘but there are gaps in the evidence…’
‘He did it.’ The voice was flat and under control again. ‘That Hominy Bob took her away and I made sure he died for it. You’ve looked into it and you’ve told me yourself you cannot find evidence that he was innocent. I know he was guilty and so I consider our contract fulfilled. You do not need to do any further work on it and are free to take on other clients.’ He paused and then added, ‘From what you have said you have discovered things that would be best not discussed. Because of that I will remind you of the confidentiality clause in our contract and will insist you do not discuss your findings with any third party.’
‘You’re saying we’re fired?’ I said.
‘I’m saying you have completed the work I paid you for and so our association is terminated. Mr. Van Hume has the check for the balance of your fee. Goodbye Mr. Witton.’
He looked down at the papers on his desk again as I stared at him. It was as if we had ceased to exist as far as he was concerned. I don’t know whether he pushed a button that I couldn’t see or whether Van Hume was listening somewhere close by but I heard the door open behind us and knew he was there.
‘Where were you the night Billy Jo was killed, Mr. Wendover?’ Steph broke the silence. Wendover did not move for several seconds then he slowly raised his head and looked at her as if she were something he had stepped in.
‘Who is this woman?’ he asked.
‘She said she was Mr. Witton’s partner,’ Van Hume spoke from behind us.
‘Then she is covered by the same confidentiality clause as he is. Show them out, Van Hume.’ He looked down at the papers again and I felt rather than heard Van Hume step forward.
‘I’m not Dean’s partner,’ Steph said. ‘I have no contract with him, I have never been employed or paid by him. I’m just helping out and as a free citizen who has seen evidence that a crime may have been committed, I think it’s my duty to report it to the police.’
Van Hume stepped forward and put his hand on Steph’s shoulder. I started to rise but Wendover raised his hand.
‘If you are not employed by Mr. Witton you are a trespasser who forced her way into my house under false pretences,’ he replied. ‘I can have Van Hume here throw you out and call the police to arrest you.’
‘If this slimy worm doesn’t get his hand off me he’s going to have to call an ambulance too because he’ll need it.’ Steph gave the secretary a look that made him take a step back and pull his hand away as if she had suddenly grown red hot.
‘Threatening violence won’t help your case,’ Wendover said. He turned his attention to me. ‘Mr. Witton,’ he said, ‘I would advise you to take the young lady and go while you can.’
I hate being threatened, especially when the person doing the threatening is in no position to carry it out.
‘Why did you come to me, Wendover?’ I asked. ‘Lloyd Morden was dead, you’d had your revenge for whatever sin you thought he’d committed so why didn’t you just leave things as they were?’
Wendover coughed long and hard. It was a surprisingly deep, harsh sound from such a frail person. He pulled a tissue from a carved box on the desk and dabbed at his mouth. For an instant I thought I saw the bright red of fresh blood on it before his hand vanished under the desk.
‘Mr. Witton,’ he said, ‘I am tired of you and your girl. I will not answer your questions but I will tell you that I have an automatic pistol in this drawer. If you are still here in one minute I shall shoot you both and I assure you I will never pay for it the way Morden did.’
I believed him. The man was obviously dying and had nothing to lose. If he really was crazy enough try to pull out a gun I had no doubt I could get to the sigma in my shoulder holster first but would I shoot him? If I did no one would believe my version of events but he could fire at us and I didn’t think he would live long enough to be arrested never mind stand trial. He wasn’t going to tell us any more and it wasn’t worth finding out if he was crazy enough to shoot. I stood up.
‘Come on, Steph,’ I said without taking my eyes from Wendover. ‘It’s time we left.’ 
She nodded and I turned to walk to the door that Van Hume was now holding open. Steph followed but on the threshold she stopped and turned.
‘I’m sorry, Mr. Wendover,’ she said. ‘We were just trying to get justice for Lloyd and Billy Jo...’ She paused and then added, ‘…and for you.’ Over her shoulder I saw Wendover’s eyes were closed, he seemed to have shrunk even more and in his left hand was a clear plastic oxygen mask.
‘Come on,’ I said putting my hand on her shoulder, ‘let’s go.’ She nodded and I kept my arm round her shoulders as we followed Van Hume down the corridor and through the hall to the front door. 
When we got there the rain was lashing down in torrents. The car was about fifty yards away.
‘I’ll go bring it to the steps,’ Steph said getting the keys out of her purse.
‘You’ll get soaked,’ I protested. She grinned.
‘Nah,’ she said, ‘I can run but you can’t so don’t try.’ Without waiting for a reply she ran down the steps and sprinted to the car. I looked at Van Hume. He was holding an envelope out to me. I took it and put it in my pocket without opening it.
‘I’m sorry Mr. Witton,’ he said unexpectedly. ‘You have to understand. Mr. Wendover is…’
I looked at him. I actually think there were tears in the guy’s eyes.
‘He’s dying,’ I said. He gulped, swallowed and nodded.
‘That’s why he came to you. He knows he only has a short time left. I think his conscience has been bothering him. He rarely sleeps and I think he’s afraid to go without knowing for sure that Morden killed Billy Jo. Supreme Court Justice Henderson told him that if there was any chance the man was innocent you were the person who would prove it. He believes the fact that you can’t find any such evidence proves that justice was done.’
‘Bullcrap,’ I said. ‘He isn’t interested in justice. If he thinks what I found supports what he did, then he’s wrong. The more I see of this case the more I think Morden was set up.’
He sighed. I looked at him.
‘You do realize there’s a lot of circumstantial evidence pointing to him having done it himself?’ I said. His face registered shock.
‘But she was his only daughter. He has no one else and he’s been lonely since the day she died. He loved her and would never have hurt her.’
‘He had a huge fight with her. He didn’t approve of her, her boyfriends or her lifestyle. He paid people to spy on her and when she died he inherited fifty-three million bucks. That’s plenty of reasons to think he might have done it. And now, when we look into it and find fingers pointing back at him, he sacks us.’ I shook my head, ‘Maybe he did love her but there’s evidence Lloyd Morden did too and there’s nearly as much evidence against Wendover as there was against Lloyd.’
Van Hume shook his head. ‘He had nothing to do with it,’ he said.
‘Where was he the night she died?’ I asked. Again he shook his head.
‘I don’t know,’ he replied. ‘I wasn’t here then.’
I took a business card from my pocket and handed it to him.
‘If you want to help him, find out where he was and call me,’ I said. He took it unwillingly and I turned and limped down the steps to where Steph was waiting impatiently in the car.
***
The rain was lashing down. I got soaked in the few short steps to the car. I opened the door and slid in. Steph was even wetter than I was, her blonde hair darkened and plastered to her face by the rain. It made her look about eighteen years old and I had an overwhelming desire to kiss her. I resisted it though.
‘Phew!’ I said pushing wet hair out of my eyes , ‘Don’t you just love winter weather?’ For a fleeting second I thought I saw disappointment on her face. It was almost as if she had read my mind about the kiss, but it was a fleeting look, there for an instant and then it was gone. She grinned.
‘Trouble is this isn’t winter, it’s supposed to be the beginning of spring,’ she replied. Then she held my cell phone out to me. ‘You got three missed calls while we were inside,’ she continued. ‘You get a major prize for guessing who from.’
My heart sank. It had to be something to do with Sara Watson again. I took a deep breath and sighed.
‘My best buddy Jeff?’ I asked.
‘Give the man a kewpie doll,’ Steph replied.
I snorted.
‘You said a major prize,’ I protested. She formed her lips into a kiss and blew it towards me.
‘Later, big boy,’ she said huskily. I laughed and took the phone from her. All three calls were from Carne Law and there were three messages.
‘Dean,’ Jefferson Carne said at the beginning of the first one. I guess he got the idea we were on first name terms from my calling him Jeff but it bugged me, probably more than it had him. ‘You didn’t return my call,’ he continued. ‘Things are moving fast here and I really need to talk to you. Please call as soon as you can.’
The second message was shorter. ‘Dean, we need to talk, call me,’ was all he said. The last message was just five minutes earlier.
‘Dean, I’m calling from my cell phone, please call it back the moment you are free. It doesn’t matter what time it is. This is really urgent.’ The guy sounded desperate, he’d even forgotten to put on his fake accent. I was in two minds whether to ignore the messages and to let him stew for awhile. Steph made the decision for me.
‘You want me to call him?’ she asked. ‘You did say it was my case.’
‘Okay,’ I replied, ‘but put it on speaker phone, I want to listen to him squirm.’ I reached over and pulled the steno pad from her purse and turned to a blank page while she punched buttons. I’d use it in case I needed to tell her something without Carne knowing I was there. He answered at the first ring.
‘Dean?’ he said.
‘No, Mr. Carne,’ Steph replied. ‘It’s Steph Taylor. Now that we have moved on to the deposition stage Mr. Witton has handed management of your case over to me. How may I help you?’
‘I need to talk to Dean,’ Carne replied.
‘I’m afraid he isn’t available at the moment, Mr. Carne.’ she said smoothly. I grinned. She was good, very good. Calm, patient and sounding so professional.
‘Shit!’ it was totally unexpected coming from the Carne and Steph raised her eyebrows. ‘Okay,’ he continued after a pause, ‘you need to give him a message. You got a pen?’
‘I do,’ she replied. ‘What was it you wanted to tell him?’
‘It’s about the Watson divorce,’ he began. I mouthed the words “Surprise, surprise,” at Steph who put a finger to her lips to tell me to shut up. Carne continued, ‘Mr. Watson has retained Dunne Millar. He’s filed for the divorce and he’s trying to influence the court by making ludicrous claims about Mrs. Watson having drunken rages. I need Dean to prove these claims aren’t true and we need him to follow up on what he was doing. We’re going to need every scrap of evidence we can get.’
‘Mr. Witton has already told you he has a client and he cannot spare any resources for your case. Perhaps you could try another investigator?’ Steph replied.
‘Listen, sweetheart,’ Carne replied, ‘I know Wendover dumped him. He hasn’t got any work. We’ll pay him cash but we need him on this now.’
As he finished I hastily scribbled a note. It said, “How does he know?” I showed it to Steph.
‘May I ask how you know Mr. Witton has completed his assignment for Mr. Wendover?’ she said.
‘Word gets around,’ Carne replied airily. ‘I know he needs a job and we’re willing to pay double. Tell him that and he’ll accept.’
His assessment of my desperate need for cash annoyed me. I shook my head and mouthed, ‘No way,’ at Steph.
‘I’m sorry Mr. Carne,’ she said. ‘I’m afraid we’re already committed to another client, I’m sure you’ll find someone else who’s willing to work for Mrs. Watson.’
‘Who’re you working for?’ Carne demanded.
‘That’s confidential,’ Steph replied.
‘You’re lying,’ Carne said. ‘He hasn’t got another client. Just tell him what I said and tell him to get back to me.’
With that he broke the connection. Steph stuck her tongue out at the phone.
‘And goodbye to you too, Jeff,’ she said. She looked at me. ‘He sounds like a scared little kid,’ she said. ‘He’s tried asking, he’s tried begging and now he’s trying bullying.’
I laughed.
‘He is scared,’ I replied. ‘Rick Watson’s attorney is Dunne Millar.’
‘Who’s he?’ Steph replied.
‘He’s the most successful divorce lawyer on the east coast. He usually represents betrayed wives and always ends up getting everything the husband has, including his underwear. He leaves them with nothing. He’s expensive though. I guess our Rick has decided he’d rather give half his money to Millar than all of it to Rotten Ass Sara.’
‘I don’t blame him,’ Steph said. ‘I would too. How do you think Carne knows Wendover dumped us?’
‘His daddy, Tobias. He said he’d represented Wendover. My guess is he talked to him and Wendover told him what Heather had said. Tobias is smart, he’d see the danger and probably advised him it would be better for him to stop our investigation as soon as possible.’
‘Why would he advise that?’
‘Because we were discovering things that could lead to Wendover being indicted for obstructing justice. Even though the guy can’t have long to live he wouldn’t want that. Who wants to spend their last days in jail?’
‘So what was Wendover’s boy telling you while I fetched the car?’ she asked.
‘Just that Wendover came to us because he knows he’s going to die soon. Van Hume said it was because his conscience was bothering him, but I’m not so sure. He could have been covering up to protect himself and punishing Lloyd for taking his little girl from him. Alternatively, he could just be vindictive. Maybe he enjoys making people suffer and if there’s a chance he can get someone else for the killing he’ll do it.’
‘What about where he was on the night she died? That would prove whether he could have done it.’
I shook my head.
‘Van Hume doesn’t know,’ I said, ‘but I left my card and asked him to find out if he can. I think he will if he can, he genuinely seems to like the old man.’
Steph snorted in disdain.
‘It’s more likely he like’s his money,’ Steph said. She started the car, ‘What now boss?’
‘You can drive us to Wal-mart. If they have the fixings I may cook you my famous pot roast.’
‘You can cook?’ She sounded surprised.
‘Just drive,’ I replied.


Chapter Seventeen

It’s virtually impossible to go wrong with pot roast. I prefer pork and Steph already had the spices. We got a good cut of meat and by seven I’d cooked it, we’d eaten and the dishes were in the dishwasher.
‘That,’ Steph said, ‘was fan-freaking-tastic. Where’d you learn to cook like that?’
I shrugged. It was something I’d always been able to do as far as I could remember. I’d even done most of the cooking while I was married; it was that or starve.
‘Just one of my hidden talents,’ I replied.
‘Do you have any more?’ she asked quietly. For some reason I had to swallow and I had butterflies in my stomach
‘Some,’ I replied. ‘I’ll show you in a little while if you want.’
She stood and stretched, an incredible sight that set my heart pounding.
‘I want,’ she said. ‘I’m going to take a shower now, just don’t be too long.’
I watched her walk across the room. It was poetry in motion.
‘I won’t,’ I murmured. ‘I definitely won’t.’
I just wanted to make one call then I was going to turn the phone off, lock the door and spend the rest of the night with Steph. Swiftly I pressed numbers and then hit the talk button. It rang several times.
‘Lawless,’ a gruff voice finally said.
‘Pete,’ I replied, ‘it’s Dean Witton.’
‘Do you know what time it is?’ Lawless asked grumpily. ‘I was just going to close up and go get me some dinner.’
‘I won’t keep you long,’ I said. ‘I just wanted to tell you we saw William Wendover today. He doesn’t want us to continue with the investigation.’
‘I’ll bet he doesn’t.’ I could hear the interest in Lawless’s tone now.
‘So that means we’re available for hire if you’re interested.’ I told him.
‘I’m interested,’ he replied, ‘but like I said, you got to remember we’re doing this as a pro bono case. If’n Lloyd’s family don’t get to sue and win then we don’t get paid. I’m happy to hire ya’all but it’ll have to be on the same basis.’
If he’d said I had to do it for free I’d have said yes. Lloyd Morden and his case had me interested now and since we’d been fired by Wendover and had no other clients we had nothing else to do.
‘Okay,’ I replied, ‘that sounds fair enough.’
‘I think I said five percent of what I get, didn’t I? That’s one and a quarter percent of whatever the family gets. That sound ok?’ Lawless asked. One and a quarter percent of nothing was what we had now but one and a quarter percent of a million bucks was twelve and a half grand and I had an idea that if we could prove Lloyd was innocent his family could be getting many millions.
‘Sounds okay to me,’ I said.
‘You want to drop by the office tomorrow morning?’ he asked. ‘You can show me what you got already and we can draw up a contract.’
‘Fine,’ I said, ‘we’ll be there then.’
‘Very cool,’ he said, ‘and now I need to eat. What did ya’ll have?’
‘Pot roast.’
‘Good?’
‘Very.’
He sighed.
‘Must be nice having a purty girl fix dinner for you.  I think I’m gonna get me some fried chicken and mashed potatoes.’
I laughed, if only he knew, I thought.
‘Maybe Donetta’d cook something for you if you asked her,’ I said.
‘Two problems with that,’ he replied. ‘Ain’t nobody in this world called Donetta purty since her mammy died, and more important, the girl can’t cook. Guess I could treat her to some chicken though.’
‘Well, whatever you do, enjoy it,’ I said. ‘We’ll see you tomorrow. Goodnight.’
‘Night,’ he said and broke the connection.
‘So,’ Steph’s voice sounded husky, ‘we’re going back to Kentucky tomorrow?’
I looked round. She was standing in the doorway and was wearing a pale, light colored robe with a blue pattern. I suspected that was all she was wearing. My heart was pounding again as I stood up.
‘We are,’ I confirmed. Her eyes held mine.
‘Better get an early night then,’ she said. I walked toward her and at that moment the doorbell rang. I saw disbelief on her face. It must have been mirrored on mine. I could not believe we had been interrupted yet again.
‘Who the…?’ I said. She sighed.
‘I have no freaking idea but it’s got to be for you and I swear I think you’re arranging it. You are the hardest guy in the world to seduce,’ she replied. I shook my head.
‘Not me, ’ I said as the bell rang again. ‘I’m so easy it’s crazy. I’ll get rid of them. Just hold on to that seduction thought.’
She turned and disappeared and I limped to the door as the bell rang again.
‘Okay, okay,’ I called, ‘I’m coming.’ As I passed the table I eased the Smith and Wesson out of the shoulder holster I’d hung over the back of a chair and flipped the safety off.
Steph’s door is solid but there is a glass panel on either side of it. She has sheer curtains covering these but I stood to one side and gently moved the bottom of one curtain maybe half an inch. A uniformed Ohio State Trooper stood on the stoop. He turned slightly and I saw his face. It was Buddy Roberts. I flipped the deadbolt lever and turned the handle. 
‘What the hell do you want?’ I asked when I opened the door. He raised his hand and pushed his hat back on his head.
‘That’s nice,’ he replied, ‘I come all this way to see you and you not only leave me freezing my ass off outside, you greet me like that.’
‘Sorry,’ I said as I stepped back, ‘I just got other things on my mind tonight.’
He came in and I shut the door.
‘I’m not surprised,’ he said. ‘Word on the street has it that somebody tried to ice you twice.’
‘And you were worried about me?’
He laughed.
‘Just worried about that ten you owe me.’
‘What ten…’ I started to ask but then I realized he was kidding. He laughed again.
‘Nah, they was talking about it at the office so I called and told Marie. She said as soon as I got done at work I was to get my ass over here to see if you were okay. I got no idea why she was worried but somehow you seem to affect women that way.’ He looked around, ‘Talking of women,’ he said, ‘Where’s Steph? That girl has the cutest tail. What she sees in you I’ll never know.’
‘She’s right here, Buddy,’ Steph called from the kitchen, ‘and she thinks your tail is cute too...’ Buddy colored and grabbed his hat from his head. He colored more when she continued, ‘…it’s a large tail but still cute.’
‘You could have warned me,’ he muttered to me. I laughed. I hadn’t had a chance to warn him and even if I had,  I wouldn’t have done it, it was too much fun watching him squirm.
Steph came in with a tray that had three mugs of coffee on it. I was glad to see she’d changed into a long, white, wool top and black leggings. If she’d kept her robe on I’m sure Buddy would have died of terminal lust. She put the tray on the table, stood on tiptoe and kissed him on the cheek.
‘Sorry,’ she said, ‘I just couldn’t resist.’
‘I…er…I’m sorry I said what…’ he stammered’
‘Hey!’ Steph said, ‘Never, ever apologize for thinking I’m cute. Just don’t say it too loud, especially in front of Marie unless you want to sleep on a cot in the garage of course.’
‘You’re not gonna tell her?’ Buddy said anxiously.
‘I might,’ I said.
‘You hush,’ Steph said. ‘The guy drove all the way over here to see if you were okay, the least you could do is stop teasing him.’
‘Me tease him? It was you who started it.’ I said in exasperation. She gave me one of her “don’t argue” looks and I subsided. There just isn’t any sense in trying to understand blonde logic. Instead, I took Buddy’s hat and he sat down.
‘I kinda guessed when you opened the door with that in your hand you wasn’t pleased to see me,’ he said, nodding at the Smith and Wesson I was still holding. I clicked the safety on and put the gun on the table.
‘Can’t be too careful,’ I replied. ‘It seems somebody out there doesn’t like me and they don’t like me enough to want to try to kill me.’
‘That’s what I heard,’ he said. ‘A firebomb and a hit and run wasn’t it? Wanna tell me about it?’
I did. I told him about the arson attack and the attempt to run me down. I also told him about Mike Thomas saying some of the guys thought it might be an insurance fraud and he said that was bullshit then apologized all over himself for cursing in front of Steph. She laughed and told him she thought it was bullshit too.
‘Any sign of the perp since the hit and run?’ Buddy asked. I shook my head.
‘I don’t think so,’ I replied, ‘but who can tell? We have no idea what the guy looks like.’
‘What about a motive?’ he asked, ‘You got anybody pissed lately?’
I shrugged, I’d been over all this with Mike Thomas and again in my head a hundred times but it didn’t hurt to tell it to one more person. So I told him all about the case, who we’d spoken to, what they’d said and what I thought about it.
‘You got nothing,’ he said. ‘At least nothing to get anybody scared enough to commit murder.’ He paused and the said slowly, ‘That’s if they was trying to kill you.’
‘You don’t call throwing a bottle of burning gas at my bed or running me down with a car trying to kill me?’ I asked.
‘Course I do,’ he replied, ‘but what about if these were pros trying to scare you off and making it look like amateurs?’
‘And who’d hire pros to get me?’ I asked. When he answered he actually lowered his voice in case anyone was listening.
‘The State.’
‘The State?’
‘Yeah, the State,’ he said defensively. ‘You prove Morden didn’t do it and you’re not only going to make them look stupid, you’re going to cost them a lot of dollars in compensation too.’
‘And for this you think the State of Ohio hired a hit man to get me?’ I couldn’t keep the derision out of my voice.
‘Well, no,’ he replied, ‘but I got no other ideas.’
‘No ideas is better than that lame one. Apart from anything else we’re no nearer proving Morden didn’t do it than we were when we started. The only thing we got is that Heather lied to the court but that doesn’t get Lloyd off. He still had the knife, he still had the tarp, it was his DNA they found inside her and Billy Jo’s body was lying practically on his doorstep. There’s no reason for anyone to do anything to me because, like you said, we got nothing against any of them.’ I said.
He shook his head and we all sat in silence for a minute or so. Finally Steph looked at the clock on the wall.
‘I don’t want to push you off, Buddy,’ she said. ‘It was really good of you to come and check on Dean but it’s fifteen after nine, you’ve done a full shift and it’ll take you an hour to get home. Marie will be wondering where you are.’
‘Yeah, she might think you’re with some blonde with a cute tail,’ I said.
‘Yeah, yeah, very funny,’ Buddy said as he got to his feet. He turned to Steph, ‘Thanks for the coffee,’ he said. ‘As soon as you guys get done with this you’ll have to come visit again.’
‘No, it’s your turn to come to us,’ Steph replied. ‘Bring the kids, we’ll have a cook out. What about Sunday?’
Buddy shrugged. ‘I’ll talk to Marie about it, but I can tell you now she’ll say yes.’
‘It’s a date then.’
As they talked I’d put on the light in the hall and opened the front door. Now I stepped out and Buddy followed me. He held out his hand and I took it.
‘You got a good girl there, Dean,’ he said. ‘Take care of her.’ He paused and then added, ‘And take care of you too, I don’t want to have to carry your coffin, you’re too damned fat and heavy.’
‘And you’re too damned old,’ I replied. ‘Your memory’s starting to go, you’ve left your hat inside.’
I turned to ask Steph to get it and at that instant the first shot was fired. I heard it but didn’t see it. Next moment I was knocked sprawling as Buddy sort of grunted and smacked into me while two further shots split the night.
For a second I lay winded with Buddy lying across my legs. I was aware of a sort of half scream from Steph that was cut off abruptly. Buddy was unmoving and I sat up just as a fourth shot sounded. This one was different, it came from behind me and relief flooded through me as I turned to see Steph was ok. She was standing silhouetted in the doorway though with the smoking Ruger in her hands.
‘Kill the light and get down,’ I yelled.
She did so and there was silence. No more shots came from the garden and there was no sound of anyone out there. Somewhere a car accelerated with a screech of tires then Buddy groaned and coughed. I could feel him moving on my legs.
‘You ok?’ Steph hissed.
‘Yes but Buddy’s been hit,’ I .replied. ‘We got to get him to a doctor.’
Immediately a powerful flashlight threw its beam across the garden. Steph swept it from side to side. There was no one there and no sign that anyone had ever been there. The flashlight flicked off and the hall light came back on. Steph appeared at my side and together we gently rolled Buddy off my legs so I could stand.
It was drizzling softly and the rain diluted the blood on Buddy’s shirt so it formed a pool under him.
‘Should we get him inside?’ Steph asked. I was reluctant to move him. He’d been hit once as far as I could see, high in the back of the left shoulder but there was no exit wound and I didn’t want to cause further damage.
‘No,’ I said. ‘Go inside and call nine-one-one. Tell them firearms have been discharged and we have an officer down. We need an ambulance as fast as we can get one here, then get a couple of blankets and something to keep him dry. We’ll cover him where he is.’
She was gone instantly and I knelt in the wet cradling Buddy’s head in my hands.
‘Dumb ass,’ I told him. ‘You had to get in the way, didn’t you?’ If he hadn’t I think the bullet that hit him would have caught me in the chest. By forgetting his hat he’d probably saved my life. He didn’t answer me. His eyes were shut but his breathing seemed ok and there was no sign of blood on his mouth so I was fairly certain the bullet hadn’t hit a lung.
Steph came back with two blankets and a small tarp. I rolled one blanket, put it under his head and covered him with the other then spread the tarp over him. He was okay but we were getting wet as we waited so she went inside again to fetch our coats and we huddled in the rain with my arm around her shoulders until the first cruiser got there. 
Those cops were not subtle. They came roaring up the road at about sixty with lights flashing and sirens wailing. Slewing to a stop outside both of them got out and hid behind their car with their pistols out and pointed at us.
‘Great show guys,’ I called. ‘Where’s the goddam ambulance?’
‘Both of you lay flat on the ground, legs apart and hands in sight,’ one of them called. I sighed. They were being careful but it was wet and I didn’t relish the idea of lying in the rain. On the other hand we’d called to say an officer was down and they were naturally nervous.
‘We better do it,’ I said to Steph. 
‘Witton, you have the kinkiest idea of foreplay I ever saw,’ she whispered as she lay on her stomach. Despite the situation I couldn’t help but smile. 
One of the cops kept us covered while the other came round behind us and knelt to check Buddy.
‘Ohio State trooper,’ he said. ‘What the hell’s he doing in West Virginia?’
‘Visiting us,’ I replied. ‘Can we get this over with? We’re getting wet down here.’
The cop didn’t answer. He moved beside me, grabbed my left wrist and pulled it down and round behind my back.
‘Aw come on!’ I protested as I felt the cuff click round it. ‘We’re the ones that called you. It was us getting shot at.’ 
‘Ya’ll wanna do this the hard way?’ the cop asked. 
‘No,’ I replied despite the fact I was fuming inside.
‘Then give me the other wrist.’ I did so and he put the cuff on the other wrist.
Next he moved to Steph.  Her face was turned toward me as her wrists were swiftly cuffed behind her too.
‘You sure know how to show a girl a good time,’ she muttered. The cop must have heard her but ignored the comment.
‘Anyone else inside?’ he asked.
‘No,’ I replied. ‘Can we get up before we drown?’
‘Stay there,’ he grunted and I heard him move away toward the house. There were other sirens now and the sound of vehicles stopping and doors slamming. I couldn’t see much from my prone position but I heard a woman ask where the victim was. I presumed she was the paramedic.
‘He’s got a bullet wound in back of his left shoulder,’ I called. ‘I couldn’t see an exit wound.’
‘Thanks,’ I heard her say.
There were several people moving around now and I could hear scraps of conversation then I caught a voice I recognized and my heart sank.
‘Anybody else inside?’ Sergeant Blowsavic asked.
 ‘Nope, found two weapons though, one of them fired recently.’ 
‘Did you search the place?’
‘Should I?’
‘Don’t even think about it Blowsavic,’ I called out. ‘You touch that place without a warrant and without us present and your fat ass is grass.’
I heard his footsteps approaching.
‘Well, well. If it isn’t the smartass private eye,’ he said as he nudged me with his toe. ‘And his hooker girlfriend. What’s up smartass? Found a cop you couldn’t beat up so you decided to shoot him in the back instead?’
‘You know that isn’t the way…’ I began to say but the breath exploded out of me as Blowsavic’s boot slammed into my ribs.
‘Did I tell you to speak?’ he demanded. I curled into a fetal position and retched.
‘Leave him alone,’ Steph yelled. Blowsavic rested his boot on my injured side.
‘Shut up bitch,’ he snarled. ‘I’ll get round to you next. I owe you. I ain’t forgotten that crap you spouted about being the attorney general’s niece.’ He rocked his foot back and forth, every movement sending a wave of pain through my body.
‘Hey, sergeant,’ a female voice said. ‘We need to get this guy to a hospital. Is it okay to move him?’
‘He gonna make it?’ Blowsavic asked.
‘He’s been shot in the back, the bullet’s still in there and he’s going to need surgery. I’d say he’s had better days,’ the paramedic replied.
‘Hear that, smart ass?’ he said putting more weight on his foot. ‘You could have killed a cop. They’re gonna lock you up and throw away the key.’
‘The only cop I’m ever going to kill is you, lard ass,’ I spat through the pain. I felt his boot leave my side and I knew he was going to kick me again.
‘No!’ Steph screamed. ‘He didn’t do anything. It wasn’t him.’
‘Somebody shut that bitch up,’ Blowsavic said. Then apparently a thought occurred to him. ‘Have they been frisked?’ he asked.
‘Dunno,’ someone replied. ‘Morgan cuffed ‘em.’ there was a pause and then the same voice called, ‘Hey Dave! Did ya’ll frisk these two?’
I didn’t hear the response from Officer Morgan but I could sense the pleasure in Blowsavic’s voice when he spoke.
‘Well now,’ he said. ‘Guess I’ll have to do it. Haul their sorry asses up.’
Two pairs of hands grabbed me under the arms and none too gently hauled me to my feet. It hurt but it meant that I was looking into Blowsavic’s fat face and if he came any closer I intended to butt him as hard as I could.
‘The girl too?’ One of the cops asked. Blowsavic nodded but his gloating eyes were on mine.
‘Yeah, her too,’ he said.
‘Keep your fucking hands off me, you pervert,’ Steph snarled. ‘I’ll get up myself.’ I looked toward her and she rolled, got onto her knees and then stood as if she was used to getting up without using her hands.
‘You okay?’ I asked her. Blowsavic grabbed my chin and forced my face round to look at him.
‘You worry about yourself, loser,’ he said. I gathered spittle in my mouth but before I could deliver it another voice cut in.
‘Sergeant,’ Mike Thomas said. ‘What the hell’s going on here?’ I looked round. He’d just arrived and was striding toward us. I’d never been so glad to see anyone in my life.
‘We got a report of an officer down, lieutenant.’ Blowsavic said, ‘Got here and found these two and an Ohio State Trooper who’d been shot in the back. There’s a gun inside that’s been fired. I was just about to frisk them when you came.’
‘He kicked Dean,’ Steph said. ‘The coward kicked him when he was down and couldn’t fight back.’
Thomas sighed. ‘Anybody else see that?’ he asked. There was an embarrassed silence from the patrolmen. They were all cops, they had to rely on each other, none of them were going to say anything, especially about someone like Blowsavic who would not forgive and forget.
‘Just get these damned cuffs off, Mike,’ I said. Thomas grimaced.
‘Who shot the trooper, Dean?’ he asked.
‘The same person who tried to firebomb me then ran me down, I guess,’ I said. ‘We never saw them. Buddy stepped through the door and whoever it was fired three shots. Two of the bullets’ll still be in the side of the house somewhere. Steph fired back once but we never saw who it was.’
‘Take the cuffs off,’ Mike said.
‘But lieutenant…’ Blowsavic protested.
‘Take the goddam cuffs off!’ Mike exploded. ‘You know as well as I do that Witton is the victim here, not the perp.’
One of the cops moved behind me and unlocked the handcuffs while another did the same for Steph. I brought my hands in front of me and massaged my wrists to restore the circulation then I gingerly felt my left side. I was sore but I didn’t think any of the ribs were broken. Steph took a step towards me.
‘Are you okay,’ she asked shakily. I waved her back, drew back my fist and smacked Blowsavic right in the nose. He took a couple of staggering steps backwards and then sat down in the wet grass. Shaking my fist to ease the sting from the blow I said, ‘I guess no one saw that either.’





Chapter Eighteen

The phone woke me. It was sitting on the nightstand beside my bed. For a moment my mind was confused and I couldn’t think where I was. Then it came to me. The clock was next to the phone and said just after twelve. I’d been in bed about four hours. I grabbed it, flipped it open and swung my legs out in one movement, ignoring the pain that went through my injured calf.
‘Dean Witton,’ I said.
‘Thought you was coming in to sign these papers this morning,’ Pete Lawless’s voice said. I let out the breath I had been unconsciously holding. It wasn’t the hospital. It took a few seconds for my befuddled brain to change track and put coherent words together.
‘Sorry Pete,’ I said, stifling a yawn. ‘We had a hell of a night here last night. Somebody shot the place up and a friend of mine was hit. We didn’t get to bed till dawn.’
‘That the cop who was shot?’ Lawless asked.
‘How’d you know?’ I replied.
‘It’s all over the news, didn’t know it was you though. How is he?’
‘They operated last night. Took the bullet out and he survived the surgery. We were there till maybe seven this morning then came home and went to bed.’
‘Well, sorry to have woken you,’ he said. ‘If I’d known…’
‘That’s okay,’ I replied. ‘I wanted to talk to you anyway, there’s some things I forgot to ask.’ It had come to me in the dark hours when Steph, Buddy’s wife Marie, and myself were sitting in a bleak hospital room waiting for him to come out of surgery. The two women were talking quietly together and I was too wired to doze. I’d been turning the case over and over in my mind, trying to figure out what I knew that was enough to make someone want to kill me. After thinking about it for a while I realized that the answer was nothing. Somebody obviously thought I knew more than I did so there had to be something we’d missed. That actually helped. I knew the facts of the case off by heart, I also knew what we had done and it seemed to me there were only a couple of things more we could have followed up. I intended to ask Pete about these now. 
‘Ok, shoot,’ he said.
‘In his testimony Lloyd said he saw Billy Jo talking to a guy after she’d left him. Did you ever find the guy?’
‘Nope,’ Lawless answered. ‘We turned the whole area upside down. Nobody else saw him, nobody recognized the description and nobody wanted to know. Couldn’t find nobody who saw Billy Jo neither but it was dark and the only place lighted was the steps up to her place and the light there was poor.’ 
‘How about the fact that she took at least thirty minutes to get from work to the parking lot in Sybene?’
Lawless sighed,
‘You’re doing good son, but you’re covering ground I’ve trod a hundred times,’ he replied. ‘I drove the route she should’ve took at least a dozen times. I did it in daylight and I did it at the time she was supposed to have done it. It’s under five miles and if she stuck to thirty miles an hour she should have done it at most in ten minutes. My best time was seven. The girl had to have stopped somewhere for something but I couldn’t for the life of me figure out what or where.’
‘Maybe she didn’t stop, maybe somebody’s time was off.’
I could almost see Lawless’s shrug.
‘Lloyd was in La-la land most of the time because of that stuff he was smoking but the time he gave worked out about right for him to appear at the seven-eleven at nine-thirty,’ he said. ‘The boss at the place she worked said she was gone long before a quarter of eight. I guess she could’ve stopped off for gas, a bottle of pop, to pee or just to look at the crud floating down the Ohio but again, nobody saw her.’
Lawless was relentlessly shooting down all the thoughts that had seemed so promising in the early hours of the morning. Now he’d left me with two things; no ideas on how to move forward with the case and the feeling I’d missed something obvious.
‘Thanks Pete,’ I said. ‘Looks like you’ve already done everything I thought of doing.’
He chuckled.
‘Like I said, son,’ he replied. ‘You’re traveling the right route but it’s a way that’s been well traveled before. Believe me, you ain’t going to get the answer to this one looking at the easy things, its going to take something nobody else thought of, a lot of luck or one big break. Best thing you can do is get yourself some more sleep and come in to see me tomorrow. We’ll go through the file and see how it matches up with what you’ve found.’
I yawned again.
‘You know Pete,’ I said. ‘I think that’s exactly what I will do.’
‘One other thing,’ he said.
‘What’s that?’
‘News said they ain’t caught the guy shot that cop,’
‘That’s right,’ I confirmed.
‘Then you take care and watch your back,’ he said. ‘And I’ll see you tomorrow.’
‘Bye,’ I replied and shut the phone.
I didn’t get back into bed. I needed to pee and then I realized there was a smell of fresh coffee in the air. I went downstairs and found Steph cleaning out cupboards in the kitchen. I walked in and she looked at me without smiling.
‘Couldn’t sleep?’ I asked. She shook her head.
‘I was worried about Marie and Buddy and I’m still hyped about that asshole cop.’ She replied.
It had been crazy for several minutes after I slugged Blowsavic. They had to hold us apart and he was yelling he wanted me arrested for assaulting a cop. I was mad. I yelled back for them to let me go so I could finish him. That was when Steph intervened. Somehow she managed to silence everyone by demanding to know why she was arrested, why we hadn’t been given a Miranda warning and why I was assaulted while in custody.
Mike Thomas asked the cop that cuffed us why he’d done so and it turned out Blowsavic had heard the call, recognized the address and had instructed the first car on the scene to arrest us. He also confirmed he’d seen Blowsavic kick me. That’s when Steph got really mad and said she was going to make a formal complaint about the fat sergeant.
Mike had calmed things a little by sending Blowsavic to the emergency room to get treatment for his broken nose. He’d then given us a Miranda and interviewed Steph and me separately. By the time he’d done there were cops and CSI all over the place. They bagged and took away both my guns, dug around in the siding until they recovered a couple of spent bullets, taped off half the house and garden and found three shell casings. It seemed whoever fired the shots had approached the house from the side but there were no tracks and the road there was asphalt so there were no tire tracks either.
It was well after midnight when they finished with us. Without discussing it we got into the car and drove to the hospital in time to meet a white faced Marie on the parking lot. We stayed with her till Buddy was out of surgery and sleeping. The hospital had a room with a bed where Marie could sleep so we’d left her there and come home. 
‘I’ll call the hospital,’ I said. 
‘I already did,’ Steph replied. ‘Told them I was Buddy’s sister but all they’d tell me was he was doing okay. I wanted to talk to Marie but they said she was sleeping so I guess he isn’t too bad.’
I let out a long breath. Buddy was a good friend, I hated that he’d gotten hurt because of me. I also intended to make sure no one else was going to be in danger.
‘We’ll go see them in a while,’ I said. ‘I want to go to a gun shop anyway, we aren’t staying here with nothing to protect us while some nut is after our blood.’
Steph didn’t say anything, she just walked over to the bar and picked up a big cardboard box that was yellowed with age and had a couple of oil spots on the outside. She handed it to me and I pulled off the lid. Inside was an M1911 Colt forty-five automatic pistol. 
‘It was my Papaw’s in world war two,’ she said. I took it out of the box. For a gun that had to be at least seventy years old it was in excellent condition. ‘It’s loaded and there’s more ammo if you need it.’
‘What about you?’ I asked.
She gave a half-hearted smile.
‘It’s not me they seem to be after,’ she replied. ‘Besides, I got my own case to deal with.’ She lifted a large brown envelope and showed it to me.
‘What’s that?’ I asked. Steph opened the flap, took some papers out and began to read the top one. 
‘In the family court of Cabell County, West Virginia,’ she said. ‘In reference to the marriage of Richard D’Angelo Watson and Sara Price Watson.’
I smiled. The Watsons and their divorce seemed positively tame compared to what else was happening.
‘D’Angelo?’ I questioned. She shrugged,
‘Obviously descended from the Italian Watsons,’ she replied. ‘It’s a copy of the divorce papers, a subpoena for you and a letter from our friend Jeff giving us Rick’s address in case we reconsider working the case for him.’
‘And no doubt he’ll bill Rotten Ass Sara a thousand bucks for sending it out to us when all he needed to do is to pick up the phone and give us a date and time.’
‘Even lawyers gotta live,’
‘Why?’
She couldn’t think of a single reason so she turned back to her cleaning while I poured coffee and set the lap top up on the bar. I started to read through all my notes for the kerzillionth time but I found I couldn’t concentrate. Something was niggling at the back of my mind, something that had been triggered in the past few minutes, but what?
Steph and I had probably exchanged a couple of hundred words and among them was one that was eating away in my mind. The more I tried to tease it out, the more it wouldn’t come. I stood up and walked to the window, cradling my coffee cup. It was raining again and the police tape looked bedraggled. The yard was covered in muddy footprints and there was a black and white cruiser sitting outside the house.
‘I see we got company,’ I said.
Steph snorted her disgust.
‘Too little, too late,’ she replied.
‘At least Mike Thomas is taking it seriously now,’ I said.
‘I suppose,’ she said. ‘Guess police surveillance is the price you pay for fame.’
I stared blindly out the window. The answer was so stunningly obvious it was crazy. Not thinking, I put the coffee cup down on the window sill and almost ran back to the bar.
‘What?’ Steph said, turning to look out of the window I’d just vacated. I ignored her. I moved the mouse and frantically clicked on a few pages on the lap top till I found the one I wanted. I then ruffled through my file. Finally, I had pictures of two people. One was hard copy and the other was on the screen. I held them side by side. For a second I couldn’t see it but then there it was.
‘Oh…my…God,’ I whispered slowly.
‘What? What is it?’ Steph demanded.
‘I’ve been stupid,’ I said, ‘so stupid.’ Picking up the phone I dialed.
‘Thomas,’ a tired voice answered.
‘Mike, you in the office?’ I said.
‘Of course I’m here,’ he growled. ‘Where else would I be? Since you started your one man war I’ve lived here.’
‘You haven’t slept?’
‘I got me a cot here in the office. Nice of you to enquire but you didn’t call to ask about me, tell me what you want and let me get on with my goddamed job.’
‘Did you have any luck with the car?’ I asked.
‘Jeez!’ he exploded. ‘I got an Ohio cop in the hospital, I got his boss yelling in one ear, I got my boss yelling in another. I got a sergeant screaming for your ass to be arrested on assault charges, I got your girlfriend wanting him arrested on the same charge. I got her threatening to sue me, him, the department and probably the goddam governor as well. On top of that I got the press hounding me, and you want to know if I’ve had time to trace a car? Do you know how many light-colored sedans there are in West Virginia, Kentucky and Ohio?’ 
I let him rant. I knew he was overworked and doing his best, but if my idea was right his job would be virtually over.
‘You got your computer on?’ I asked. I tried to keep my voice calm but my heart was pounding. Mike sighed,
‘What is this, twenty stupid questions?’ he asked. ‘Of course I got my friggin’ computer on, the screen’s covered in crap about you.’
‘Can you get the DMV?’ I was determined I wasn’t going to let him rile me. There was silence for several seconds. When he spoke his voice was different. He’d obviously seen the implications of what I was saying and he  wasn’t impatient now but I could still detect a note of tension in his voice.
‘Got it,’
‘Okay,’ I said. I took a deep breath. ‘Try this name. Richard D’Angelo Watson.’
I could hear keys tapping. From what I remembered Mike was a one finger typist and he wasn’t too good with that. I glanced at Steph while I waited. She looked shocked and mouthed the word, ‘Rick?’ at me. I nodded. Mike’s voice came back on.
‘How do you spell D’Angelo?’ he asked. I told him and there was the sound of more painstaking tapping. Finally a sigh sounded over the phone.
‘Got him,’ he said. ‘He’s got three vehicles registered in his name. All with Ohio plates and a PO box address. Scumball’s avoiding tax.’ It was a well known way of screwing the taxman. Ohio has no personal property tax but West Virginia does. People living in West Virginia were supposed to register vehicles there within thirty days but some, like Rick, didn’t. Mike was talking again.
 ‘The first one’s a  Chevy Silverado fifteen hundred hybrid, color black so that ain’t it.’ It wasn’t. I’d seen Rick driving that one a lot, especially with his girlfriend Amber. It was a big-assed truck with an extended cab. He seemed to like getting her in the back seat of the cab. ‘Next one’s a two thousand nine Corvette, color black again. Nice car but once again, not it.’ I’d seen that one too. He’d driven it a couple of times at weekends and again when he met Leila Cummings. Mike paused and when he spoke again his voice was lower and slower. ‘And three. We have a two thousand eight Lexus, color… breakwater blue metallic.’ He paused again and then asked, ‘Who is this guy? And how did you know?’
‘He’s the husband in a divorce I was working on,’ I replied. ‘I was retained by his wife to catch him with his girlfriend.’
‘And because he’s gonna get divorced you think he tried to kill you three times and shot a cop?’ His voice was disbelieving. 
‘No,’ I said slowly. ‘He shot Buddy by accident. He was after me.’
‘I understand that. You’re a scumball but why was this particular guy after you?
‘Because his wife is Sara Price Watson,’ I replied. Steph’s forehead was creased in puzzlement.
‘I don’t give a camel’s backside who his freaking wife is,’ Mike sounded pissed but I was enjoying my moment. ‘Why the hell do you think the guy was after you?’
‘The roomy of the victim in the murder we’re investigating is Heather Price Mortenson.’ I deliberately emphasized the middle name.
‘So what…?’ he said. Then he paused. ‘Did you say they’re both called Price?’
‘Yes,’ I confirmed. ‘Sara Watson and Heather Mortenson are sisters.’
He thought about this and while he did so Steph scurried around the bar and looked at the pictures. After a few seconds Mike spoke again.
‘Like I said, so what?’ he repeated. ‘The guy’s sister-in-law was the roomy of a kid who got murdered. How does he fit in?’
‘You need to see the file,’ I told him. ‘And I need to make another call. If it works out right I’ll bring it in to you. When you see it  and hear what I got to say I think you’ll agree you’re not only going to have the guy who shot Buddy, you’ll solve the arson and the hit ‘n run and you’ll have the perp for a twenty year old murder that the FBI fouled up.’
Again there was the silence as he thought through this.
‘Okay Dean,’ he replied finally. ‘You got one hour then I’m picking up this dude. If you ain’t got it right I need to know so I can keep looking.’
I put the phone down and Steph looked up from the pictures. Her expression was one of shock. 
‘You’re right,’ she said softly. ‘I had a feeling I’d seen Heather before but I couldn’t place her. Maybe that’s why I picked up on the picture of her and Lloyd, I was subconsciously trying to match her with Sara. It’s something about their eyes I think and maybe the shape of the head.’
‘And the bad attitude,’ I added.
‘So what do you figure happened?’ Steph asked. ‘You reckon the guy Lloyd saw on the steps talking to Billy Jo was Rick?’
‘I do,’ I confirmed. ‘But I got an idea they’d met earlier too. I’m just going to check that out.’
‘Met earlier?’ Steph repeated. ‘How are you going to prove that?
I winked at her. I didn’t think it was too far fetched that Heather would have introduced Billy Jo to Sara and Rick. That had given me an idea. The guy Billy Jo had spoken to on her steps had bothered me from the start but the other thing that concerned me was the missing fifteen to thirty minutes after Billy Jo left work. I hoped the call I was about to make would answer that.
I picked up the phone and pressed the digits. It was answered on the second ring.
‘Can I speak to Gloria Tennant, please.’ I said.
‘Ah’m sorry,’ the receptionist said. ‘Ms Tennant’s busy right now. Ah kin make a ’pointment if ya’ll wanna come in sometime.’
 ‘You need to interrupt whatever she’s doing and get her on the phone right now,’ I said.
‘Ah kin’t do thet!’ The woman sounded shocked, almost as if I’d proposed something obscene but I wasn’t in the mood for shenanigans.
‘You’ll get up, you’ll go knock on her door and you’ll get her to talk to me on the phone right now or in about fifteen minutes I’m going to have a couple of cops come in there and haul you and her down to the station where she will talk to me.’ I said. 
There was silence for about ten seconds then in a meek voice she said, ‘Yes sir.’
‘You can’t do that,’ Steph whispered.
‘Bet your sweet life I can, Gorgeous,’ I said. ‘In fact I think I just said I would.’
‘But you can’t send cops there.’
‘No, but Mike Thomas can and if it means clearing up three crimes and solving an old Ohio one, believe me, he will.’
I waited nearly five minutes. Steph got us both more coffee and I idly flicked the safety on the forty-five on and off. Finally, Gloria Tennant came on the phone and she was fuming.
‘Who is this?’ she demanded.
‘Dean Witton,’ I replied.
‘The private detective?’ she sounded incredulous. ‘Just who do you think you are Mr. Witton? How dare you threaten me and my staff with the police? I’m putting this phone down right now and I’m going to get your license revoked. I’ll make sure…’
‘You put that phone down,’ I interrupted her, ‘and I guarantee you’ll be arrested and taken to jail within the hour for obstruction of justice.’
‘That’s crazy,’ she replied. ‘I haven’t obstructed…’
‘You’re about to,’ I interrupted again. ‘I have one question for you. Answer it and you can go back to your taxes. Refuse and you’ll be arrested. Then you’ll have to answer it anyway, but it could cost someone else their life.’
‘What question,’ she demanded. She was still really pissed at me but she was smart and if she could stop trouble just by answering a question she would do it. She’d probably cause a lot of hassle afterwards but she would answer if she could.
‘Who was the client Billy Jo was flirting with on the afternoon before she died?’
‘You know I can’t tell you that, Mr. Witton,’ she answered. She sounded triumphant. ‘I told you when you came in. Neither you nor the police can make me tell. It’s against Federal law…’
‘It was Rick Watson wasn’t it?’ I said. Her silence told me the answer I needed so I pressed the point. ‘Mrs. Tennant,’ I said. ‘There’s an Ohio State trooper lying in hospital here with a bullet in his back. He’s got a wife and he’s got two small children. The person who fired that bullet almost certainly is the person who killed Billy Jo Wendover and also the one who indirectly killed Lloyd Morden.’ I paused, ‘We believe that person was Rick Watson and if you can confirm he saw Billy Jo that day we can go pick him up now. If you won’t tell us then we’ll have to get a Federal Judge to order you to and while we’re doing that he will be gone and maybe some other small children will be wondering why their daddy didn’t come home.’
I gave her a few seconds to think about what I’d said.
‘All you need to say is yes or no, Mrs. Tennant,’ I said. ‘Was Rick Watson the client flirting with Billy Jo?’
There was silence and I thought she wasn’t going to answer but then it came.
‘Yes,’ she said.
Relief surged through me.
‘Thank you, Mrs. Tennant,’ I said. ‘When he’s been arrested, the police are going to want a statement from you but for now I’m sorry we disturbed you.’
‘Goodbye Mr. Witton,’ she said and the phone went dead.
I must have been smiling because Steph nodded slowly.
‘It was him, wasn’t it?’ she said.
‘It was,’ I agreed. ‘There are still some bits that need clearing up, but the way I see it is this; Rick was already Sara’s boyfriend. I know that because when she retained me she said they’d been together since high school. I’m assuming he’d met Billy Jo through Heather and he went to her to do his taxes. Being Billy Jo, she flirted with him and Gloria had to tell her to stop.’
‘Okay,’ Steph agreed.
‘We don’t know exactly what happened next but what I think is when Gloria stopped them they agreed to meet when she’d finished work. He probably waited down the street for her, he would know her reputation and maybe he expected to have sex with her. My guess is she said no. The DNA said she’d only been with Lloyd that night. Anyway, I reckon Rick didn’t like being turned down and he followed her home. He saw her with Lloyd and waited for her to finish. He’s a good looking guy and may have got mad because she preferred Lloyd or maybe he tried again and she turned him down again. Whichever it was he got mad and stabbed her.’
‘But why wouldn’t he just dump her in Lloyd’s truck with the tarp and the knife?’ Steph asked. I shrugged.
‘I’m not sure,’ I said. ‘What I think is he wrapped her in the tarp and put her in the trunk of his car. He was probably going to drive her out into the hills and dump her but then he saw Lloyd come back for the truck and decided to put the blame on him. He must have followed him to his cabin, dumped the body then put the evidence in the back of the truck and left.’
‘Yeah, okay, great theory,’ Steph said. ‘Now prove it.’
She was right of course, we had no proof.
‘Okay,’ I said. ‘We can prove he knew Billy Jo. Whether she likes it or not Gloria will have to testify they were flirting so blatantly a few hours before her death that she had to tell them to stop. We should also be able to show Rick’s picture matches the description Lloyd gave of the guy he saw Billy Jo talking to.’
Steph was shaking her head.
‘The description was vague,’ She said, ‘Even if Gloria remembers what Rick was wearing we’ll still not have a positive ID and we can’t put them together at any time after she left work.’
She was right of course. All the theories in the world wouldn’t prove anything unless we had incontrovertible proof that Rick and Billy Jo were together at some time after she left work. After twenty years it was no use looking for witnesses, there were none. They were dead, gone or simply did not remember. Hell, Pete Lawless couldn’t find anyone who remembered seeing Billy Jo and he was asking just days after her death. We needed something we could not possibly get.
We sat in silence for a few minutes. I could see Steph biting her lip as she thought. I just hoped she was having more luck than I was because my mind was blank. Suddenly she frowned. Then she sat up straighter and her eyes narrowed.
‘What is it?’ I asked.
‘Maybe we don’t have to prove Billy Jo and Rick were together,’ she said slowly.
‘We don’t?’ I asked. I had no idea what she was thinking.
‘How many seven elevens are there in Ohio?’ she asked. I shook my head, I had no idea. As far as I was concerned she was talking blonde again. ‘And what are the chances of Rick and Lloyd both being at the same one at the same time on the night Billy Jo was killed?’ she finished.
Light dawned.
‘The chances are minute,’ I replied. ‘But if we’re right and Rick followed Lloyd up to his cabin he’d have to have stopped when Lloyd stopped for his booze.’
‘And Pete Lawless has a video of the parking lot at the seven eleven Lloyd stopped at.’ Steph said triumphantly.
I shook my head. ‘It can’t be that easy,’ I said, ‘Surely Pete’d have picked it up long before now?’
‘Why?’ Steph demanded. ‘Neither he nor Lloyd had any reason to know Rick even existed. They wouldn’t be looking for him and besides, the video was prosecution evidence, Pete couldn’t even challenge it.’
I looked at my watch. I had just thirty-five minutes of the hour Mike Thomas had given me left. I didn’t want him grabbing Rick until we had our case ready so I needed to go see him.
‘You know what this means don’t you?’ I said. Steph grinned.
‘I get to go sample some of Donetta’s ice tea  while I watch a DVD and you go drink coffee with your slimy cop friend?’
‘You’re just too damn smart,’ I told her. ‘Take the Watson file with you, there’s plenty of pictures of Rick in there. If there is any sign of anyone who could be him on the video call my cell. I’ll talk to Mike and try to get him to wait before picking him up.’
‘Yes boss,’ she said, throwing me a mock salute. I closed the laptop and gathered the file together.
‘While you’re with Pete you can sign the contract to say we’re working for him,’ I said. ‘Then if the family does manage to sue anyone we might get paid.’
‘Does that mean I’m officially working for you?’ she asked. I cupped her chin in my hand.
‘I’m beginning to think I’m working for you,’ I said then I kissed her mouth and left.


Chapter Nineteen

When I got to the Hurricane police station a little after one-thirty, I found Mike wasn’t there. The guy on the desk told me he’d been called to the county court house in Winfield to talk to the press. I offered to drive up there but Mike had left a message telling me to stay where I was until he got back. I didn’t mind, the delay meant he wouldn’t be moving against Rick yet and it also gave Steph time to get to Ironton to see Pete Lawless. I filled in the time by calling Marie Roberts. She answered on the first ring.
‘Hi Beautiful,’ I said, ‘how is he?’
The exhaustion showed in her voice when she replied.
‘Grouchy,’ she said, ‘but at least that shows he’s alive.’
‘What’s the surgeon say?’ I asked.
‘He was lucky. It touched the shoulder blade and fractured it but stopped under the collar bone. His arm is going to be useless for a while and he isn’t going to work for the next two or three months but they say he’ll be all right.’
‘I’m sorry, Marie,’ I said. The guilt over Buddy getting shot when he had gone out of his way to see how I was doing was overwhelming.
‘Wasn’t your fault,’ Marie replied. ‘I’m always telling him if shooting starts he’s to get his dumb head down, guess he was too stubborn to listen like always.’
‘He didn’t get a chance to duck,’ I said. ‘The guy hit him with the first shot. We didn’t even know he was out there.’
‘Have they got him yet?’
‘We got a possible name. We should know for sure in a couple of hours.’
‘Get him for me, Dean,’ she said. I’d never heard Marie’s voice sounding so full of venom and hate before. ‘Get him, put him away and lose the key.’
‘Don’t worry, we will,’ I reassured her. ‘Steph is in Ohio checking some stuff now. As soon as she calls we should know for sure.’
‘And don’t have the wedding until Buddy’s out of the hospital,’ she said.
‘Wedding? What wedding?’ I asked, knowing full well what she was suggesting.
‘You and Steph,’ Marie replied. ‘Even you can’t be dumb enough to let an angel like that slip through your fingers.’
‘If I marry Steph, Marie,’ I said laughing a little, ‘Buddy can be best man, Jake and Zak can be ring bearers and you can be bridesmaid. That’s a promise.’
‘I’m going to hold you to that, Dean,’ she answered, ‘but I got to go now. My Mom’s trying to call on the other line and she’s got the kids.’
‘Ok,’ I said. ‘Give Buddy my best, tell him we’ll be in to see him tomorrow and you take care.’
‘You too,’ she replied, ‘Talk soon, love you.’ And then she was gone.
I spent the next fifteen minutes going over my notes and trying to fit Rick into what I knew about the case. Everything gelled perfectly and there was only one thing I couldn’t understand. Why had Rick tried to kill me? How had he known I was even on the case? I’d never spoken to him and as far as I knew he’d never seen me. Then the answer hit me. It had to be Heather. Maybe she was another of his conquests or perhaps they were just friends, whichever was true she must have told him Billy Jo’s murder was being investigated again.
Mike came back at two thirty and he was not happy.
‘Witton,’ he greeted me, ‘if I give you my pension will you promise to leave this state and never come back?’ He paused and then added, ‘And can you take your girlfriend with you? I’ve heard enough from the two of you to drive anyone crazy.’
‘Bad day?’ I asked.
‘You bet your ass it’s a bad freakin’ day,’ he said. ‘I just been answering questions from the press. I think one of Blowsavic’s buddies tipped them off. They wanna know if its true a suspect was arrested at the scene of the shooting, tried to escape by attacking a cop and was then released without being charged.’
‘What did you tell them?’ 
‘I told them no comment but I had to say I’d have something for them later so come on, Mr. Smart Ass private eye, prove to me this guy murdered someone and that’s why he wants to kill you.’
So I did. I went through the file. I explained everything we’d done and how things had unfolded. It only took fifteen minutes or so and at the end of it Mike sat back, tapping his lips with his pen. 
‘Okay,’ he said finally, ‘I agree you got a basic case against this guy but it’s all circumstantial. You got no DNA; you got no witnesses. If you don’t come up with a positive ID linking him to either the victim or her boyfriend, you got nothing. A smart lawyer’ll have the guy on the street in about five minutes.’ 
It was true. It was also more or less what Steph had said. I looked at my watch. It showed a quarter to three. I was tempted to call her but I didn’t have to. Almost in answer to the thought my cell rang.
‘Witton,’ I said.
‘Dean,’ Steph sounded excited and before she told me I knew we had him.
‘Tell me,’ I said.
‘We just looked at the video. You can’t see anything clearly when Lloyd was parking. There’s another truck coming on to the lot, a big, black one but you can’t see the driver and it doesn’t have a plate in front.’
I could tell she was enjoying this but I didn’t say anything, I didn’t want to spoil her moment.
‘You can’t see anything when Lloyd’s back in his truck and about to leave either. The black truck is parked up at the back of the lot and you don’t see it go.’
I felt my heart sink. Maybe I was wrong. Maybe she wasn’t excited and maybe there was no proof. Then Steph giggled and I knew.
‘You’re a rotten ass, Stephanie Taylor,’ I said. ‘Quit stalling and tell me what you got.’
She laughed. 
‘You remember when Lloyd was in the store getting his bottle? The camera went to the counter, then the parking lot and back to him?’
‘I do,’ I replied.
‘Well on the parking lot view there are only the two trucks. The driver of the black one has rolled down his window and is looking at the store. His face is directly toward the camera for the whole fifteen seconds. It’s Rick, there’s absolutely no doubt.’
I let out the breath I’d been holding.
‘Got him,’ I said. Mike sat forward and actually smiled. Steph was still talking.
‘Pete says he’s watched this video dozens of times and when it was on tape he used to fast forward over that section. He thought the guy in the truck was just waiting for someone who’d gone in the store. He’s never seen Rick, didn’t even know he existed till now, so he didn’t associate him with the case.’
‘Steph, I love you,’ I said. She laughed again.
‘So I’m not a rotten ass any more?’
‘I’ll check on that personally later.”
 She sighed. ‘More promises.’
‘Quit,’ I said, ‘I got things to do. Make sure you sign that paper for Pete.’
‘I’ve done it,’ she replied. ‘I’m back in the car.’
‘Okay,’ I said trying frantically to think on my feet. ‘Can you call at Heather’s on the way back? Talk to her and see if you can get her to admit Rick knew Billy Jo. She’ll probably deny it but tell her she’ll get booked as an accessory if she doesn’t talk. That should scare her into confessing. You might want to get her to confirm she’s the one who told Rick we were on the case too.’
‘Yes boss. That all?’ she said.
‘All I can think of for now,’ I replied.
‘You’re going with the cops to get Rick?’ she asked.
Of course I was. The guy had tried to kill me three times, he’d shot Buddy and he’d burned my office down. I wanted to be there to look into his eyes when they put the cuffs on him.
‘I am,’ I agreed. Her voice changed, when she spoke she’d lost the bantering tone.
‘Be careful,’ she said.
‘I will,’ I told her, ‘I’ll see you later and we’ll go out to celebrate.’
‘Okay,’ her voice was small.
‘Bye,’ I said.
‘Dean?’
‘Yes?’
‘I love you too.’ Then she was gone.
I thought about that for a minute. She’d meant it and when I came to think about it, so had I. I couldn’t imagine a life without her.
‘Well?’ Mike’s demand broke into my fantasy.
‘He’s on the video,’ I said. ‘He followed Lloyd to the seven-eleven and sat on the parking lot, but didn’t go near the store. When Lloyd left, so did he.’
‘Okay,’ Mike said, ‘that’s good enough. We need to find this guy and pick him up.’
I looked out of the window;  it was raining hard again. There’d be no outside building work going on today. When I was following Rick he’d spend wet days like this either at home or doing inside work. I told Mike this.
‘So where’s home for this dude?’ he asked.
I looked in the file and pulled out the letter Jefferson Carne had sent. Rick Watson was living in the same hotel he’d taken Amber Clarke to. I told Mike and he stood up. Pulling his jacket on he looked at me.
‘I don’t suppose its any use telling you not to come?’ he said. I shook my head. I owed Rick Watson. I was going to be there when they took him.
‘You carrying?’ Mike asked. I opened the left side of my jacket and showed him Steph’s Papaw’s big forty-five. ‘Jeez!’ he said. ‘You leave that cannon where it is. Any shooting needs to be done and I’ll do it.’
We picked up a couple of uniform guys and were at the hotel in fifteen minutes. Rick Watson’s truck and his shiny black corvette were both on the parking lot. He wasn’t trying to hide from anyone and had registered in his own name. Mike flashed his badge, asked for him and the clerk handed over a passkey.
‘Right,’ Mike said as we stood outside the door of Rick’s room. He nodded to the uniformed cops. ‘You two guys stand either side of the door. When he opens it, grab him but be careful, he’s already shot a cop so he’s got nothing to lose.’ He looked at me, ‘You,’ he said, ‘stand over there.’ He pointed to a spot a few feet down the corridor. ‘Don’t move and don’t interfere. You’re a civilian and we don’t need help.’
I shrugged and stood where he indicated. He knocked on the door loudly and I took my gun out and moved back up beside one of the cops. Mike glared at me but before he could speak a muffled voice came from inside the room.’
‘Who is it?’ it said. Mike shook his head at me.
‘Desk clerk, sir,’ he called, ‘I got a package here you need to sign for.’
‘Can’t you leave it?’ the voice said.
‘No sir,’ Mike replied. ‘The delivery guy’s waiting for his papers back.’
There was the sound of muffled grumbling, the creak of a bed and the sound of movement. The lock clicked and the door started to open. Mike kicked hard and the door flew back to crash against a wall. The two cops rushed in, a girl screamed and a man yelled, then it was all over.
I stepped into the room. Rick Watson lay face down on the floor with his hands cuffed behind him and a cop kneeling on him. He had been wearing just a towel wrapped round his middle but that had come loose and just covered his butt. He was cursing. The other cop had his gun out. He was covering someone who was lying on the bed. I took a couple of steps and saw it was Leila Cummings. She lay with the covers pulled up to her chin, her eyes were wide with shock and her mouth was open but she wasn’t making a sound.
‘Good afternoon Mrs. Cummings,’ I said. She was so surprised she actually nodded back to me.
‘Who the hell are you guys?’ Rick yelled, ‘What’s this crap about?’
‘Are you Richard D’Angelo Watson?’ Mike said.
‘Bet your sweet life I am,’ Rick snarled. ‘Who the hell are you?’
‘Detective Thomas, State Police,’ Mike said. ‘Who’s the babe?’
'Mrs. Leila Cummings,’ I spoke for her. ‘She’s Mr. Watson’s accountant.’
‘Leave her alone,’ Rick said. ‘She’s got nothing to do with this.’
‘With what?’ Mike asked.
‘With whatever you guys want,’ Rick replied. He’d twisted round and was now looking at me. ‘Who’re you?’ he demanded.
I looked at Mike. For some reason Rick had sounded as if he truly did not know who I was.
‘Dean Witton,’ I said. I looked for a reaction but there wasn’t one.
‘So what’s the big idea busting in here?’ he demanded. ‘What am I supposed to have done?’
‘Well,’ Mike said, ‘let’s start with arson, felony hit and run and attempted murder of a state trooper.’
‘What!’ Rick screeched, ‘You guys are fucking crazy. I wanna talk to my lawyer.’ He twisted round and called, ‘Leila? Get Dunne Millar here now. Tell him the cops have gone crazy and I want to sue their asses.’
‘I can’t, Rick,’ Leila said in a small voice, ‘I’ve got no clothes on.’
Mike was looking at me questioningly, his eyebrows raised. I could understand his feelings, this was not going the way I expected. Rick was either a great actor or he really was full of righteous indignation. He appeared not to know me or my name and if my theory was right that could not be. I took a breath.
‘Let’s get the lady out of here before we go any further,’ I said. There was a blue dress lying crumpled on the floor together with a bed throw. I picked up the throw and walked to the bed. Putting it round Leila’s naked shoulders I held the dress out. She loosed the bed covers and grabbed the throw round herself. I nodded to the bathroom, ‘Go get dressed,’ I said. She scrambled out of bed.
‘My husband doesn’t need to know about this does he?’ she asked, her eyes round with fear.
‘Go get dressed,’ I said again.
Ten minutes later Leila was dressed and sitting in the back of a cruiser on the parking lot with one of the officers. The other officer stood guard outside the bedroom while inside Rick, now dressed in shirt and pants, sat on the couch. Mike was in the chair and I perched on the edge of the bed. Mike read Rick his rights and we were now ready to question him.
‘Okay,’ he said. ‘Where were you Saturday night between ten and midnight?’
‘Here,’ Rick replied sullenly.
‘Anybody with you?’
‘No.’
Mike looked at me, some of the tension had gone from his face.
‘What about Sunday around five thirty?’ he asked
Rick shook his head again.
‘I don’t have to talk to you,’ he replied. ‘I wanna see my lawyer.’
Mike smiled.
‘Sure Rick,’ he said. ‘If  we can’t clear this up now then we’ll be taking you and Mrs. Cummings down to the station and charging you. That’ll mean Mr. Cummings having to be told, of course. We can’t arrest his wife without him knowing.’
Rick gave him a look like there was a bad smell under his nose.
‘You’re enjoying this aren’t you, you slimy rat-bastard?’ Rick said. Mike’s smile didn’t waver.
‘Where were you Sunday?’ he asked again. Rick sighed.
‘Here, alone,’ he replied.
‘No girlfriend?’ I asked.
Rick sneered at me.
‘Her husband’s home on weekends,’ he said.
‘Amber not around?’ I couldn’t resist asking. His sneer changed to a look of puzzlement.
‘Her daddy sent her to Tallahassee,’ he replied. ‘Just who are you? How do you know about Amber?’ I didn’t answer.
‘Now we come to last night,’ Mike said. ‘Let’s say around nine-twenty.’
Rick’s sneer came back.
‘I wanna say I was here alone,’ he said, ‘just so your sorry ass can make the biggest mistake of your life.’ He paused, took a deep breath and then continued, ‘But I got Leila to think of so I’ll tell you. I was in Charleston having dinner at the Inn on the River. And before you ask, yes, I can prove it. I was with my attorney and two of his paralegals. There must have been at least a hundred people there and I know the staff will back me up.’
Mike looked at me again and jerked his head in the door’s direction. I got up and  followed him out. He sent the cop in to watch Rick and then looked at me with a frown.
‘Well, Mr. Smart Ass?’ he said. ‘Don’t know about you, but I’m willing to bet his alibi for last night stands up. He didn’t shoot your buddy and that probably means he didn’t do the other things either so where do we go from here?’
I didn’t know. None of this added up. Rick had to have killed Billy Jo, the video tape couldn’t lie. That being so, he had to have been the person trying to kill me, yet he couldn’t have fired the shot that hit Buddy. I shook my head.
‘I don’t know…’ I began. My cell phone rang. ‘Look,’ I said, ‘stall him for a minute. I’ll take this call and think of something.’
‘You better,’ he snapped and then he went back into the bedroom. I opened the phone and put it to my ear.
‘Witton,’ I said.
‘Dean? It’s Pete Lawless here. That little girl of yours talked to you yet?’ He sounded really happy and I couldn’t blame him.
‘She has, Pete,’ I replied. ‘She says Rick Watson is definitely in that video.’
‘Oh yes,’ he said. ‘Sure is. There’s no doubt about it. He ain’t changed much, looks purty near how he does in the pictures she had of him.’
‘That’s good, Pete,’ I said. ‘I’m sorry we didn’t find it in time to save Lloyd but I’m pleased for you and the family. We’re interviewing the guy now about the attempts on me but he’s thrown us a curve ball, he has a cast iron alibi for last night when my buddy was shot.’
‘Well mebbe I can answer that,’ he said. ‘I was hoping to talk to your girl but I don’t have her number. I wanted to tell her me and Donnetta have watched that video mebbe a dozen times since she left and it was Donnetta as spotted it.’
My heart quickened.
‘Spotted what?’ I interrupted.
‘It’s only there for a second. Just a quick movement of the shadows and the glow from a cigarette. Probably see more when we get a lab on it but we’re certain now. There was two of them. Somebody else was in that truck with Rick Watson.’
My mind was reeling when I went back into the room. Who could the other person be? Billy Jo herself maybe? She could have still been alive at that time but that didn’t seem very likely. Why would she want to follow Lloyd up to his cabin? If it was not her then who could it be? Not Heather, she had an alibi and witnesses. Then I remembered something. Heather had witnesses that she was at her mother’s house but someone who should have been there wasn’t among them. I nodded to myself as it began to fall into place.
Mike was finishing a question as I entered.
‘…eight Lexus, colored breakwater blue metallic?’ he said. Rick shook his head. He had a cocky little smile on his face as he spoke.
‘No,’ he said. Then he hesitated and added, ‘Well, legally I suppose I do own it but I don’t have it. I bought it for Sara last year, she drives it.’
And that’s when the answer hit me.
Mike looked at me and shrugged. It was obvious he was bewildered and out of questions but it all seemed so very clear to my now.
‘Okay, Rick,’ I said, ‘You’ve had your Miranda so lets leave the bullshit and cut to the chase.’ I paused and then said, ‘I have another “where were you” question for you.’
His smile got broader, he was confident we’d got nothing now.
‘Shoot,’ he said.
‘Where were you on Wednesday, March thirtieth nineteen eighty-eight?’
His face paled and the grin vanished instantly. 
‘How the hell should I know?’ he demanded. “I’m not sure where I was last week never mind twenty something years ago.’
I walked up to the bed and leaned forward until my face was scarce inches from his.
‘Well before Lieutenant Thomas arrests you for murder let me tell you. You got your taxes done. You had them done by Billy Jo Wendover and you were flirting with her so much her boss had to come and tell you to stop. You waited for her to finish work and you spent twenty minutes necking with her, then you went to meet your fiancee, Sara, who was waiting at the apartment her sister shared with Billy Jo. Billy Jo met Lloyd Morden and you waited on the steps to her apartment so you could go in with her but you argued and you killed her.’
As I spoke, Rick was looking at the floor and slowly shaking his head. He was mumbling, ‘No.’ over and over. When I said he killed Billy Jo he looked up and his eyes flashed fire.
‘That’s not true!’ he said. ‘I didn’t kill anyone.’
‘Then how do you explain what you were doing at precisely nine thirty-four that night?’ I demanded. He shook his head again. ‘Don’t bother to answer,’ I snarled. ‘We don’t need your lies because we can tell you. At that precise moment, you were sitting in your black truck on the parking lot of a seven – eleven waiting for Lloyd Morden to come out. Billy Jo’s body was wrapped in a tarp in the back of the truck and Sara was up front with you, though why she’d want you after what you did to Billy Jo I have no idea.’
His face was white now and he was shaking his head.
‘You got it wrong,’ he said, ‘It wasn’t me. I wasn’t there.’
‘Deny it all you want,’ I snapped. ‘The place had a camera and we’ve got the tape. You rolled down your window and looked at the store for half a minute while Sara smoked. You got away with it for twenty years but you’re on tape and you can’t deny it, you murdering bastard.’
‘It wasn’t me!’ Rick exploded as he struggled to his feet. Mike leapt forward to help me restrain him. ‘I didn’t kill her! I didn’t,’ he screamed. ‘It wasn’t me, it was her. It was Sara.’


Chapter Twenty

 ‘Bullshit,’ I snarled. ‘Billy Jo wouldn’t give you what you wanted so you killed her.’
‘Nooo,’ Rick wailed. There were tears on his face now and he shook his head vehemently. ‘No, I didn’t do it, it wasn’t me.’
‘Okay,’ Mike said surprisingly gently. ‘Okay. Take your time and tell us what happened.’
Rick shook his head again and sniffed loudly. He looked appealingly from one to the other of us.
‘You have to believe me,’ he said, ‘you have to know I didn’t hurt her.’
‘So tell us the truth,’ I said. When we started, I hadn’t imagined I’d be the bad cop and Mike would be the good one, but it seemed it was working out that way. As long as we got the story, I didn’t care. 
Rick took a deep breath; I could see he was biting his lip hard enough to draw blood as he thought frantically. I didn’t want him to wriggle out of it so I decided to put on some pressure.
‘Enough of this,’ I said to Mike. ‘He’s just wasting our time. We’ve got enough on him, let’s just charge him with murder and get it over with.’
‘No,’ Rick said. His voice was quieter, calmer now. ‘I’ll talk. What do you want to know?’ I looked at him, he seemed resigned to telling us but I didn’t trust him.
‘You were coming on to Billy Jo when she was doing your taxes, but her boss stopped you,’ I said. ‘Take it from there, but if you just once try to give us any bullcrap we know isn’t true, that’ll be it. You’ll be in jail and charged with murder one.’
He looked up at me.
‘If I tell you do you think they’ll cut me a deal?’
He disgusted me. I hoped they gave him what they’d given Lloyd Morden but I wasn’t going to tell him that.
‘That’s up to the DA,’ I said, ‘but look at it like this; at the moment you’re going to be charged with Billy Jo Wendover’s murder, one count of arson and a count of hit and run. We might find a way to charge you with manslaughter too because of what happened to Lloyd so anything you say isn’t going to hurt your case and it may well help it.’
He swallowed and nodded.
‘Okay,’ he said, ‘but you got it wrong. I wasn’t coming on to Billy Jo at the tax office, she was coming on to me. She got me so hot when I left, I parked up the street and waited for her. I thought she wanted it too.’
‘So you didn’t arrange to meet her when she finished?’ Mike asked. Rick shook his head.
‘No,’ he said, ‘I just waited till I saw her come out then I got out of the truck and she stopped her car when she got to me.’
‘Did she get out?’ I asked.
‘No, I stood by the driver’s window. She said she had to score some stuff from a guy she knew so she didn’t have time. I asked her if she was going to be around later and she said she was going to get changed and then she’d hit some of the bars, so I asked if I could come along. She said yes as long as I dumped Scary Sara first.’
‘Scary Sara?’ I queried. He nodded.
‘Billy Jo always called her that; Heather told me. She used to say Sara was nuts and she wasn’t wrong.’
‘So she wanted you to dump her. Did you?’ He shook his head miserably.
‘I couldn’t,’ he said. ‘She was pregnant.’
‘Bet you didn’t tell Billy Jo that,’ I said. He didn’t answer.
‘How long did you talk to her in the street?’ Mike asked.
‘’Bout fifteen – twenty minutes then she said she had to go.’ Mike and I looked at each other. So far, his story tied in exactly with what we knew.
‘Ok,’ I said, ‘Billy Jo drives off, what did you do?’
‘I was supposed to be meeting Sara at her mom’s place but I knew if I went there I wouldn’t get away, so I went to a bar and had a couple of beers.’
‘Then what?’
‘Then I figured Billy Jo would be finished with her dealer and would be back home. Heather was supposed to be going for dinner at her mom’s, same as Sara, so I figured no one would be there with Billy Jo. I parked in the street and started up the steps. She came out of the parking lot behind me and we talked on the steps.’
‘What did she say?’ I asked.
‘She wanted to know if I’d dumped Sara, so I told her I had and then I asked her if we could go to her place instead of going out.’
‘She said yes?’
He nodded.
‘She said she was tired anyway, asked me to go get a couple of bottles of wine while she went in and had a shower.’
‘And you went?’ I said doubtfully. He sniffed.
‘I kissed her a little first,’ he said, ‘then I went to my truck to get my wallet.’
‘And ?’
‘And I heard her scream. It was horrible. It was cut off like she was drowning or something, sort of like a gurgle.’
‘And what did you do?’ He swallowed, and I could see from his face he didn’t like the vision the memories were conjuring.
‘I ran back to the steps and saw Billy Jo down on the ground.  Sara was on top of her and she kept hitting Billy Jo over and over with a knife.’ He stopped and shivered. His face was white and suddenly he said, ‘I’m going to throw up.’ Both Mike and I moved back from him and he struggled to his feet and staggered to the bathroom. He didn’t quite make it and threw up all over the tiled floor.
We used a towel to clean him up, gave him a drink of water and got him back to the couch. When he’d recovered a little Mike said, ‘Ok, you’re doing great, just a little more and it’ll be over. You ready to tell us the rest?’
Rick nodded miserably.
‘Ok,’ I said, ‘you say Sara was hitting Billy Jo. Where did Sara come from? She wasn’t with you.’
‘No,’ he replied. ‘When Heather got to her mom’s house she told Sara I was having my taxes done by Billy Jo. Sara and me had already had a couple of fights about Billy Jo and when I didn’t turn up, she put two and two together. She took Heather’s keys from her purse and came over. She must have let herself into the apartment just before I got there. She was looking out the window when I kissed Billy Jo on the steps. She said she grabbed the nearest thing and ran down the stairs. Billy Jo was just coming in and she started hitting her. Billy Jo tried to run but Sara got her and killed her.’
I suddenly had an uneasy feeling. Heather was a witness at Lloyd’s trial, she must have seen the knife, and she must have known it was one of hers. I had a suspicion she also knew who had killed Billy Jo and that explained why she was so ready to lie for Wendover. It made her an accessory and Steph had gone to see her without knowing it.
‘So why did you blame Lloyd and how did you hide the blood?’ I asked.
‘Blaming him was Sara’s idea. I wanted to call an ambulance but she was screaming and crying. She said they’d lock her up and she didn’t want our baby born in prison.’ He hung his head, ‘She also said she’d tell the police I did it. That’s why I stayed married to the bitch. I’d got Billy Jo’s blood on me and I’d taken the knife off Sara so my prints were on it. I didn’t want to go to jail for something I hadn’t done so I said I’d help her.’
‘But why blame this other guy?’ Mike asked.
‘He was a drug dealer, a dirt bag. We thought we were doing everyone a favor taking him out of circulation. We didn’t know they’d kill him.’
‘And how did you hide the blood?’
‘Billy Jo fell on the edge of the parking lot where the shrubs were. Somebody had been spreading mulch there and I just tipped a couple more bags over where she had lain.’
‘And then you followed Lloyd, dumped Billy Jo and planted the tarp and the knife?’ I said. Rick nodded.
‘Can you finish up here?’ I said to Mike. ‘I’m going to pick Steph up, she went to Heather’s house and I’m beginning to think Heather could be as dangerous as her sister.’
Rick looked up.
‘Heather?’ he said. I nodded. ‘She was part of it,’ he said bitterly. ‘Sara used some of her clothes and Heather got rid of the bloody ones. They’ll be together now, Ryan lives with Heather because he couldn’t stand his mother’s boozing and temper but Sara goes to have dinner with him the first Wednesday of every month.’
I was on my feet in an instant and halfway to the door.
‘What?’ Mike called. ‘Where you going?’
‘To get Steph,’ I yelled back. ‘She’s there with those two crazy bitches.’
‘Does she have a gun?’ Mike asked.
‘No, you idiots took them away from us.’
‘I can have units there in five minutes.’ Mike said.
‘And the first sound of a siren or sight of a black and white and God knows what they’ll do to her. Give me fifteen minutes to get there then call the cavalry.’
Mike looked at me for a moment and then nodded.
‘You got fifteen minutes,’ he said. ‘Keep your freakin’ head down, you’re needed as a witness.’
As I ran to the car, I hauled my phone out of my pocket. I’d put it on silent after Pete Lawless’s call. There was one missed call and one message. I pressed buttons as I opened the car door.
‘Mr. Witton?’ a hesitant man’s voice said. ‘This is Gary Van Hume, Mr. Wendover’s secretary. That information you asked me to get, I have it. Mr. Wendover spent the evening his daughter died having dinner with several other businessmen and a state senator. I can let you have the names if you think it’s necessary.’ The voice hesitated and then said, ‘Mr. Wendover won’t be able to help you though, he was taken into a private hospital yesterday and is not expected to last today.’ The message ended with a kind of sob but I wasn’t interested. I killed it and pressed numbers. Steph’s cell went straight to her answering service. Cursing, I started the car.
It's nearly twenty miles from Rick’s hotel to Heather’s house and I made it in the fifteen minutes Mike had given me. Hitting ninety-five on the interstate, I’m surprised I didn’t pick up a couple of cops on the way but I didn’t. I slowed to maybe twenty as I turned into Heather’s sub-division. About a hundred yards in front of me going in the same direction was a metallic pale blue Lexus.
The house was on the side of a hill, fifty yards from the nearest neighbor, and two vehicles were on the drive: Steph’s car and Heather’s van. I stopped well down the road as the Lexus pulled up outside Heather’s and Sara Watson got out. She didn’t look round but holding her purse up to shield her head from the rain, she walked quickly to the front door.
Slipping down the side of the neighbor’s house, I found the back lots were fenced but below them the hillside was covered with scrub forest. I climbed over the three-foot  fence, getting soaked and wincing with the pain from my injured leg, then moved through the trees parallel to the houses until I was opposite the back of Heather’s. 
It was a nice yard. A split-level deck, part of which was screened in, small pool, covered for the winter, and a big old trampoline for the kids. The grass was immaculate and there was a shed in the corner for tools and such. I used the shed for cover as I climbed into the yard and moved up until I stood beside the upper deck. 
My eyes were just above the level of the decking and I could see nothing but the back of the house. There was no sign of life. I took out the big colt, flicked the safety off and cocked it.
Moving along the deck brought me to the lower level and a door. The roof of the house was lower here too so I reckoned I was at the back of the garage. There was no sound at all while I crept up the three steps.  Once at the top, I listened at the door. All was silent. Carefully, I tried the handle. It turned easily and the door swung inwards. I had been wrong. The room wasn’t the garage, it was a workshop with another door leading into the house at the side. I eased this open and found I was in a laundry room with a third door in front of me. This one was not quite closed, there was a gap of about an inch. I could hear voices from the other side and stepped forward until I was close enough to listen and put an eye to the crack. A couch was set against the far wall. Steph sat at one end and Heather, the other. A low coffee table was in front of them and both were looking at something to my left. Sara Watson was speaking and there was a note of hysterical anger in her tone.
‘What’s she doing here?’ she demanded of Heather, but she didn’t give her sister time to reply before turning her attention to Steph, ‘What the hell do you want?’ she said.
‘Hello Mrs. Watson, nice to see you again,’ Steph smiled real big as if she were pleased to see Sara. When she spoke her voice sounded cool and calm.
‘Don’t give me that crap, you prying bitch’ Sara’s voice was raised. ‘Why are you here? Why are you checking up on me?’
‘We’re not checking on you,’ Steph said. ‘This is nothing to do with you, it’s a different investigation.’
‘That’s right, Sara. It’s not about you.’ Heather sound scared.
‘What is it about then?’
‘Billy Jo Wendover.’ I winced silently as Steph said the name.
‘I had nothing to do with it,’ Sara screeched. ‘It wasn’t me.’ She switched her questions back to Heather. ‘What have you been saying to her about me?’ The hysteria in her voice was obvious now.
‘Nothing…’ Heather began.
‘Liar!’ Sara screamed the word. ‘You’re all trying to blame me. I knew you would. Rick told you to, didn’t he?’ There was a momentary pause and then she screamed the words again, ‘Didn’t he?’
‘Mrs. Watson, I have no idea what you’re talking about…’ Steph said but she didn’t get a chance to finish.
‘You’re a fucking liar too, you and that bastard Witton. You talked to Rick, I know you did. He told you lies and you believed him. Why are you picking on me? It was me who paid you, you’re supposed to be on my side, not trying to get me.’ She sounded on the edge of cracking up and she finished with a sob.
‘Sara,’ Heather said. ‘It’s nothing to do with you, you weren’t there, remember?’
‘That’s what they say now,’ Sara replied, ‘they tell you its nothing to do with me but they can’t fool me. They’re trying to put the blame on me so Rick can keep his money and his whores, but I’m going to fix them, all of them. Henry has a gun doesn’t he?’
‘Yes, but…’
‘Get it.’
I saw Steph frown and Heather flinched, easing back an inch or two. It seemed Sara had done something neither of them liked. In the momentary silence I heard the soft click of a gun being cocked.
‘You don’t need that, Mrs. Watson,’ Steph said. ‘I’m sure we can talk this through and besides, I’m not armed.’ 
‘Get your gun, Heather,’ Sara said.
‘Why do you need mine as well? You don’t need guns, put it away Sara. Sit down and talk to us,’ Heather replied. She looked scared rigid. 
‘No,’ Sara sounded like she had recovered some control. ‘You’re with them, aren’t you? I’ve always wondered about you. You’re another one of Rick’s hookers, aren’t you?’
‘I’m not,’ Heather denied fearfully. ‘I’m your sister. How can you think that?’ She hesitated then, with a quick sideways glance at Steph she added, ‘And I’m not with them either, I can’t be. I helped you so I’m an accessory too. If they get you then they get me and I don’t want to go to prison.’
‘So do what I tell you and fetch the goddam gun.’
There was a pause then Heather reluctantly got to her feet and moved out of sight. I heard the sound of heels on a wooden floor. Heather had left the room. I had no idea exactly where Sara was and I knew if I went in and she did have a gun she was likely to start indiscriminate shooting.
‘You don’t need another gun,’ Steph suddenly said. ‘You don’t even need that one. All we’re looking for is confirmation that Rick knew Billy Jo and then we can arrest him.’
Sara laughed.
‘Do you think I’m stupid?’ she asked. ‘Do you think I don’t know what’s going on? Rick’s going to blame me. He’s going to say I did it and you’re going to arrest me. I can’t let you do that. That little whore Billy Jo got what she deserved and so will you. Nobody’s going to put me away.’
There was the sound of footsteps again.
‘I got it,’ Heather said, moving back into sight. She moved to stand by the couch with a small automatic in her hand.
‘Shoot the bitch,’ Sara told her. I reached out and grabbed the doorknob, ready to burst in if Heather looked as if she were going to try to comply.
‘No, Sara,’ Heather said, her voice shaking. She stepped forward out of my sight. ‘I can’t do that. She’s done nothing. It’s not her fault, isn’t one killing enough?’
‘Mrs. Watson…Sara…’ Steph said.
‘Shut up!’ Sara screamed. ‘Heather, kill her. If you don’t, I will and you’ll be just as guilty.’
I pushed the door open a little further until there was a crack about three inches wide. Through it I could see Heather again. Tears were streaming down her face as she held the automatic in both hands and pointed it away to the left, presumably at Sara. The weapon was shaking.
‘Please Sara,’ she said, ‘Please. Put the gun down. Don’t make me do this.’
Sara laughed again.
‘You won’t use that,’ she said. ‘But you’ve given me an idea. You and this bitch argued and shot each other, that way I’m not involved at all.’
‘Sara, I’m your sister…’ Heather said. Her words were cut off as a shot cracked out. Heather flinched and for a moment, I thought she’d been shot but it was Steph who was flung backwards. I stood looking disbelievingly at the scene and unable to move for a second.
‘So now you’re an accessory again,’ Sara said.
I kicked the door and at that instant the door behind me opened. As I dived through I was vaguely aware of someone coming into the laundry room but I was concentrating on Sara. I landed on my knees and pointed the forty-five away to the left. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Heather turn and kneel beside Steph’s fallen body but I concentrated on Sara who stood by the wall with her right hand extended. She was holding a smoking pistol. Her mouth dropped open and her eyes grew round with surprise. I don’t like shooting at people without giving them a chance, even if they’re murdering bitches like Sara. I held her in the sights of the forty-five.
‘You,’ she said, her eyes narrowing in anger.
‘Put it down Sara,’ I started to reply but the guy who had come into the laundry room had more courage than brains. He yelled, ‘what the hell…’ then launched himself at me just as Sara screamed in rage and fired. She hadn’t seen him and the bullet took him in the back as he crashed into me, knocking me off balance and sending my gun spinning from my hand.
‘Ryan!’ Sara screamed again. Then she fired another shot.  I have no idea where the bullet went. The guy she’d hit was an unmoving dead weight on top of me. Frantically, I kicked him off and rolled across the floor. Coming to my knees, I saw Sara was gone and I looked round for my gun. I couldn’t find it but Heather had put hers on the coffee table. Grabbing it up, I knelt beside Steph. The bullet had hit under the ribs on the right side and her blouse was soaked in bright red blood. Her face was white and her eyes were closed but her breathing seemed okay. I grabbed a cloth doily off the coffee table, wadded it and pressed it to the wound. 
‘Keep that pressed there,’ I snarled at Heather. ‘If she dies then I’ll make sure you rot in prison for the rest of your worthless life.’ Leaning forward I kissed Steph’s forehead and whispered, ‘I love you,’ then I scrambled to my feet and looked down at the guy Sara had shot. He was the young man we’d seen in the picture the first time we’d visited Heather. He was lying on his side and breathing noisily, blood bubbling at his nostrils.
‘You take care of them,’ I snapped then I ran to the doorway through which Sara had vanished. Taking a quick peek I saw it led to the hallway. The family room we were in on our last visit was off through an archway to the right. Ahead was the front door and to the left the stairs climbed to the next floor. There was no sign of Sara. 
I ran to the front door, throwing a fast look at the family room as I passed. It was empty. There were windows either side of the door and a quick glance showed me two black and white police cruisers outside with a third just arriving. I knew Sara hadn’t gone that way.
In front of me was the door to a closet standing slightly open. All it contained were coats and shoes. On my left were the stairs climbing up to the dimness of the second floor. It was the only place she could have gone. I listened; there was no sound from up there.
I was tempted to wait for the police. They’re the ones who got paid to protect and serve, but I have a stubborn streak. I’d promised Marie I’d get the person who shot Buddy and I wanted to get the bitch who’d shot Steph.
I would swear every tread on those stairs creaked. There was no way Sara could not have known I was coming up. At the top, all I could see was the blank wall of the landing. Every second I expected to see her appear from one side or the other to fire down at me. In the confines of the stairwell she could hardly miss so I held the automatic cocked and ready to fire. It felt light and I just hoped it had the power to stop her.
When I arrived at the top, I took a deep breath, pressed myself against the right hand wall and just for a second poked my head out to take a look. There were two rooms in that direction. The door of the first was partially open and I caught a glimpse of a white tiled floor, so I assumed it was a bathroom. The other door was at the end of the landing and was closed. I did the same thing on the left side and saw three rooms. The door to the end one was open and it was obviously a girl’s bedroom. The other two were shut.
It’s hard to work out what a crazy person will do, but I reckoned Sara would be trying to hide. That being so, I didn’t think she would leave doors open so my guess was she was in one of the three closed bedrooms. I stepped onto the landing and turned left where there were two of them.
Flattening myself against the wall, I flipped the door handle of the first and pushed it open. Nothing happened and I stepped into the doorway with the automatic raised ready to fire. It was the boy’s room and that boy was a slob. The bed was a mess, the closet was open and there was stuff all over the floor but there was no one there.
I could hear my heart pounding in my ears. Two rooms to go. I crossed the landing and stood beside the door of the other room. Again, I reached out and turned the handle then gave it a little push. Almost instantly a shot cracked and a bullet punched through the wall beside my head. She couldn’t have seen me, so it had to have been a wild shot. She was panicking and now was the time to go for her. I dived through the doorway and rolled over twice on a thickly carpeted floor. Coming up onto one knee, I just saw a bed in front of me so I twisted round. There was a closed door, presumably the closet, and a doorway leading to the bathroom. Standing in this one, Sara was pointing a shaking gun toward me.
I raised Heather’s automatic and pulled the trigger a moment before Sara did. Her bullet hit the end of the bed, my gun didn’t fire. I pulled the trigger again and still just got the click of the hammer falling on an empty chamber. Heather had not loaded it.
Sara and I stared at each other for several seconds and then she smiled. Her face twisted in rage, it was as if pure evil was taking the last couple of steps toward me. Extending her arm, she took careful aim. My heart was pounding. I was still kneeling with the empty gun pointed at her. Moving, carefully I put it down and raised my hands. I didn’t think for one minute it would stop her from doing what she wanted but I hoped she might take the time to gloat and the police were surely in the house by now?
She laughed, and I knew I was going to die.
The two shots sounded almost as one. Sara’s bullet whizzed by my head and shattered a mirror on the wall. The one from Steph’s forty-five that Heather was holding threw the bitch back into the bathroom.
‘Enough Sara,’ Heather said with a sob in her voice. ‘That’s enough.’



Epilogue

Pete Lawless leaned back in his chair and sipped the iced tea Donetta had  brought in for us. 
‘I hear congratulations are in order for you two young folks,’ he said.
Steph and I looked at each other and grinned like teenagers.
‘Thank you,’ Steph said, blushing.
‘Where did ya’ll get married?’ Donetta asked.
‘Cabell County Courthouse, last week,’ I replied.
‘Aw, bet ya’ll looked so sweet. Ya’ll got pictures?’ Donetta said.
‘Not with us, I’ll bring them in next time,’ Steph replied.
‘I’m surprised you was up to it after what happened,’ Pete said. ‘I heard tell you got shot.’
Steph’s smile vanished as the memory came back. When I was kneeling on the floor holding her while we waited for the ambulance I’d thought she was dying. The wound had bled a lot and she was unconscious. As it turned out the bullet hit nothing vital and she was out of hospital in less than a week. She’d still been weak and had sat through most of the ceremony but she hadn’t wanted to wait. She looked at me.
‘I did get shot,’ she said, ‘but it would have taken more than that to stop me marrying Dean.’
‘Aw,’ Donetta said.
‘And how’s the other guy who was shot?’ Lawless asked.
I frowned and shook my head.
‘Buddy, the cop, is okay. He still has his arm in a sling but he was best man at our wedding,’ I replied, ‘Ryan Watson, Sara’s son, is still in hospital. He’s going to be there a while and when he gets out he’ll be in a wheelchair.’
‘Jeez, that’s bad,’ Pete said.
‘And he won’t get much help,’ Steph said. ‘His mother is dead and his daddy and his aunt are in jail.’
‘Yeah, I hear they charged him with first degree murder even though it was his wife as did it.’
I shrugged, I’d had this conversation with Mike Thomas and he’d explained it to me.
‘Apparently they can do that because he was there when Sara killed Billy Jo. It won’t stick, they’ll let him bargain to second degree or even manslaughter for a guilty plea and giving evidence against Heather. It doesn’t matter though, after what happened to Lloyd they’re both going away for a lot of years.’
‘And poor old Wendover never did find out who it was killed his daughter.’ Pete said
‘Nope,’ I agreed. ‘Not unless they met on the other side. He went to meet his maker about an hour before Heather shot Sara. From what I’ve been told he was in a coma for the last few hours so we couldn’t have told him anyway.’
‘All that money,’ Pete said, ‘and it couldn’t buy him a single extra hour of life.’
I nodded.
‘Yeah, around three hundred forty-seven million dollars I hear and the sad thing is I think his secretary was the only one who was really sorry to see him go.’
‘Funeral musta been a hell of a circus, saw it on the news. Ya’ll go?’ Pete asked. I shook my head.
‘He’d fired us,’ I replied. ‘Why’d we want to go? There were enough there anyway. Way I hear it he was sent on his way by a supreme court justice, a couple of senators, some congressmen, businessmen and a couple of hundred hangers-on, as well as the press and TV.’ I smiled. ‘A cop I know tells me there were half a dozen Sicilian guys from New York too so maybe Wendover wasn’t as white as he made out.’
‘What happens to the cash?’ Pete asked. 
‘Most went to charity apart from a couple of bits to people he knew. He didn’t have no family left. Strange thing is in the last few days before his death Wendover added a codicil to his will and the executors paid us a fifty thousand dollars bonus for establishing the identity of Billy Jo’s killer beyond reasonable doubt.’
‘You already had it?’ Pete frowned. I nodded.
‘Sure, got a check just last week.’ I said. I looked sideways at Steph, ‘Somebody’s already spent most of it.’ I said. She pulled a face at me.
‘You’re lucky,’ Pete replied, ‘the charities are going to have to wait. I was in the courthouse just the other day. Lloyd’s mother and kids are suing the ass off the State of Ohio, the governor, the penal service, Wendover’s estate, Heather Mortenson and Rick Watson. It’ll take years to get through court unless some smart ass judge throws it out. The executors ain’t going to be able to release big money till it’s settled.’
I grinned.
‘Lucky we haven’t spent the money we might get from you then,’ I said. Pete put his glass down.
‘Son,’ he said, ‘I reckon its going to be a good ten years before we see anything. Watson and Mortenson won’t pay, any cash they’ve got will be spent on their defense long before then.’
 ‘What about the state? And Wendover’s estate?’ I asked. Pete grimaced.
‘Doubt we’ll get anything from Wendover, weren’t him as found Lloyd guilty. All he did was pay fancy lawyers to make sure he was executed but Lloyd’s ma wanted to sue him anyways. We might get the right judge but even if we get a verdict his estate’ll appeal. No, to my mind the best bet is the state and I reckon they’ll fight it till they see we’re serious and then make an offer to settle. If it’s anything over a couple of hundred grand the family’ll take it.’
I shrugged. It would have been nice to get a few hundred thousand dollars but I wasn’t counting on it. We’d only been under contract to Pete for a couple of hours before the case was closed and we’d been well paid by Wendover.
‘So what’s next for you folks?’ Pete asked.
‘Back to work,’ Steph replied.
‘Taking it easy,’ I said at the same time. We looked at each other and grinned.
‘Seems you still got to make up your minds,’ Pete said. Steph shook her head.
‘No,’ she replied. ‘Dean wants me to take it easy but I’m fine.’ I snorted my disbelief. She was improving and putting weight back on but she still got tired quickly and I wanted her to rest until she was really well again. She ignored me.
‘The insurance paid out for the fire so we’re having the place rebuilt, this time as a proper office and we need to equip that,’ she said. ‘On top of that Buddy Roberts, the cop who was shot, is retiring from the State Police so we’re opening an Ohio branch of the company here in Ironton and he’s going to run it.’
‘Sounds like you’re going to be busy,’ Pete said. ‘You taking any cases? Only I got this client could use a good investigator.’
‘Sure we’re taking cases,’ I replied. ‘We need the money, we still got to eat.’
‘Which is what we’re going to do right now,’ Steph said. ‘I’m hungry.’ I thought about asking if food was all she thought about but we’d been down that route several times and anyway, I’d already found out there was something she liked better than eating.




POSTCRIPT

I hope you enjoyed this book. If you’d like to know more about my writing I can be found on line at: 

https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=derek+coleman

dcswriting.blogspot.com

http://www.herald-dispatch.com/news/putnam_news


tallderek@hotmail.com 



FINALLY

If you’d like more fiction at this price I’d really love a review on Amazon. Reviews have an impact on how a book sells and how much it’s advertised, so just leaving a review, no matter how short, helps me to keep writing, and hopefully, entertaining you.

If you’d like to leave a review for this book you can find it at:


https://www.amazon.com/Guilty-Dean-Steph-Derek-Coleman/dp/1500423076/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1496598718&sr=8-1&keywords=derek+coleman
Other books by Derek Coleman:

Dean and Steph detective series

Guilty?
Beneficiary
Traitor
Innocent?
Cheating 
Missing 
Framed
The Lake House
        
History 

Weoley  - the 900 year saga of a castle and its peopl
Liberty  -  A Revolutionary War romance
Hessians – A Revolutionay War action novel
The Prince’s Puzzle  -  A 17th century detective story  

Thrillers

The Lichfield Conspiracy  - A plot to kill the President and the Prime Minister.
DA – A sequel to the Lichfield Conspiracy. This time there is a serial killer loose.
Hunted – A chase across two continents in an effort to survive
For Queen and Country – A kidnapping brings together spies in an adventure set in the Greek Islands

Coming of Age

Tapestry – three lives intertwined against the background of     
   World War Two.

  Crime 

  Who took Sophie Summers? – British police procedural
