Hero Unit

By JC Bybee

Copyright 2014 JC Bybee

Smashwords Edition

Cover art by James E. Curwen

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Sample Chapter
Exceptionals Registration Act
About the Author
Chapter 1

The heavy personnel carrier's tires hissed on the new pavement as it rolled down Seventh Avenue.  Even at three o'clock in the morning the air was hot and humid.  No surprise considering it was mid-August in the Midwest.  Hellfire, and most the rest of the Global Class Exceptionals, did their best to make sure all four seasons acted like they should.  
The streets were empty, almost devoid of life, which was to be expected in the early, early morning.  Nightshifts were a thing of the past.  In the aftermath of the Exceptionals War, when over half the world's population had been wiped out, demands and priorities had changed.  More businesses were focused on their worker's health, even thirty years later.  
There were places that still ran until late, bars, the occasional convenience store, and of course emergency services, but at three in the morning most everything was closed.
Ace leaned back in her chair, glad for the silence in the carrier.  Even after a year she still felt like a newcomer to the Exceptional's Enforcement Division, or Hero Units.  This was only her second assignment with her new unit.  Anti activity had been on a down swing ever since the Dark Houston incident.  
Thinking about Dark Houston brought memories flashing through her mind.  
Easy, Ace, don't dwell on them.  
I'm trying, not to.
She hitched her shoulders gently.  The heavy combat armor all heroes wore had, at one time, seemed excessive to her.  That had changed after Dark Houston.  A lot of things had changed for her on that day.
Again memories flashed through her mind.  Fellow EED recruits dead or dying.  The Anti that had hit the training facility laughing as he killed normals and tormented heroes.  
Not right now, Ace.  Let it go.
"Easy Ace," Jacks said in his pleasant Midwest accent, "The nerves'll pass."
She shook her head.  Jacks meant well, but he didn't understand what it was like for her.  The other four members of her unit were Fourth Generation Exceptionals.  The Fourth Generation was considered, by most, to be the last, and most advanced, generation of Exceptionals.  
That's what they thought.
The powers of the weakest of the Fourths were leaps and bounds beyond those of previous Generations.  Jacks, for example, was an Energy Class who could manipulate heat.  He could increase it, decrease it, move it, transfer it, shape it, ignore it; if there was heat present Jacks could do something to it, and that was just his primary power.  He had others, like all Third and Fourth Generation Exceptionals.
Jacks was considered the least member of their squad, at the bottom end of the upper tier of the Fourth Generation.  Torment, their leader, was a strong, upper tier Mental Class.  She could read minds, manipulate emotions, cause hallucinations, induce manias and a whole host of other mental problems.
Why Torment?  It's not like she ever uses her power to torment people.
She's one of the nicest Mental Class I've ever met.
Deuce, Jacks' partner, was also a Mental Class.  His powers were telekinetic and they were damn powerful.  Ace had watched him lift an aircraft carrier, just for practice.   The effort had been a massive strain on his powers, wearing them out completely, but he'd done it.  
Then there was Ace's partner, Maniac.  She was an Energy Class, a technomancer (that's what they called themselves), and she was in the upper end of the upper tier of the Fourths.  Anything that ran off of electricity, or had electricity in it, she could manipulate.  Raw electricity, like lighting, was beyond her, but once it was contained Maniac could control it.
Ace rounded out their team and she still struggled with feeling like she belonged.  Everyone knew her as the only Fifth Generation Exceptional.  The entire scientific community had been in an uproar with her birth.  Previously when the first Exceptional of a new generation was born the previous generation ended, but all over the earth the Fourth Generation continued.  
And not even the greatest minds, both normal and Exceptional, know why.
Like every other infant, Ace had been tested to see if she was an Exceptional.  The testing equipment had broken.  They'd brought in an upper tier Fourth whose power allowed her to rate the power of other Exceptionals.  Testing Ace had landed her in a mental institution.
I still remember her screams, despite being an infant.
After that she'd been classified as a Fifth Generation.  Every scientist in the world who found out about her birth had anticipated the coming of the Fifth Generation.  It had never come.  Ace was an outlier, an exception.  And no one knew why.
Just another question for us to answer, eventually.
If ever.
"Jacks, you know full well why she is nervous," Torment said.  Her voice always had a faint echo to it, like she was talking from inside a cave.  That was her Quirk.  All Exceptionals had one.  Some were more obvious than others.
And some are just damned annoying.
Tell me about it.
Despite her name Torment was kind to everyone, even those they apprehended.  It was nice to have a leader that actually cared about her people.  One of Ace's COs from her days in the army hadn't given a damn about the Exceptionals under his command.  He hadn't lasted long in a command position.
"Just trying to help," Jacks replied with a shrug.
"It's okay guys, I'll be fine," Ace said.  She tried her best to sound confident.  She wasn't sure if it worked.  After what had happened in Detroit she was unsure of almost everything she did.
"Eyes open everyone," Maniac's voice came over the intercom.  She was their driver.  "We're at the scene."
Their transport rolled to a stop and they piled out the back, Ace first, just in case the situation was worse than anticipated.  She was technically classified as a Fortress Class, since most of her powers were considered "physical" powers, and as far as anyone had been able to discover she was invulnerable.
Not even Tomahawk could say that.  
Ace blocked out that particular memory.  Now was not the time to think about Tomahawk, or Detroit.
Sorry, bad timing.
No kidding.
"Forgot this," Jacks said and handed over her assault rifle.  He had to carry it with both hands.  Ace took it, with one hand, and forcing a smile said, "Thanks."
Jacks smiled back, genuinely; it was hard to bring the man down.  Ace shouldered her rifle.  It was mandatory for all heroes to carry the assault weapons, for the same reason all heroes had to wear body armor.  
Don't think about it.  
Unfortunately, this time the memories of Dark Houston came back.

Blood Host laughed, a high pitched, grating sound.  Another blast of viral energy bloomed to Ace's right, killing a group of reporters.  At her feet Deek writhed on the ground, his skin covered in festering sores.  

She stumbled, nearly falling to her knees.  Images flashed through her mind.  Ace tried to block them out, but they kept coming.  Death, destruction and Blood Host's mad laugh all cascaded through her mind.
"Ace," Torment's soothing voice broke through the haze.  "Ace, concentrate on my words.  Breathe, slowly.  It's done.  That's the past.  Focus on the present."
The words gave Ace something real to focus on.  They pulled her out of the past and allowed her to regain her hold on the present.
"I'm good," Ace said after a few deep breaths.
"Are you sure?" Torment asked.  Every Hero Unit had a Mental Class like Torment, just in case.  Having power was a heavy burden.  A good number of heroes ended up with some form of PTSD, especially those who had served in the military, like Ace.  The Mental Class were the ones that helped them deal with it.  Torment had been with the EED long enough that she understood what Ace was going through.
Well, she kind of understands.
Better than most.
"I'm sure," Ace replied.
"Dark Houston again?"  Torment knew the answer to that question.  What had gone down at the EED training facility in Dark Houston had marked Ace.  It affected her more than any other event in her life.  
That's not entirely true and you know it.
"I'll tell you later," Ace said.  She was going to have to freely submit to a psych evaluation anyway.  Every officer on scene had witnessed what had just happened.  The last thing they needed were rumors that she was losing it.
Torment nodded and Ace again shouldered her rifle.  She wondered just how long this particular version was going to last.  The Army had given up trying to find an alloy that could withstand her strength.  It wasn't that Ace couldn't regulate her strength, quite the opposite, but in stressful situations that control could slip.  After she'd crushed three standard issue assault rifles her gun use had been limited to training only.
The head of R&D for the EED, a Mental Class Fourth named Einstein, had taken it as a personal challenge to create an alloy that would stand up to Ace's strength.  Luckily, or unluckily, for Ace Einstein was stationed in her precinct.  It led to a lot of her free time spent testing new metals for him.  This last one had at least made it out of the test fire stage.  
Ace turned her attention back to the situation at hand.  They all took a moment to study the scene.  There were patrol cars parked along both sides of the street.  According to the limited information her unit had been given, the police had cordoned off a large section of the block to protect any civilians.  There were no curfews so people were bound to be out even in the early morning.  Joggers, dog walkers, the kind of people that liked getting up early.
There were also a group of SWAT officers present, though they seemed more than willing to let the heroes take over.  Apparently the situation was worse than they had been led to believe.  That was going to annoy Torment.  She hated coming into a situation under-informed.  It showed a lack of respect on the part of the normal police.  The normal police, as an organization, understood the need for the Hero Units, but that didn't mean individual officers did.
In the middle of the cordoned off area was a large office building.  It was just one of hundreds in the city that housed a multitude of law firms, ad companies, a testing center and the like.  It was a monument to corporate America.  Places like it attracted Anti activity.  
It's a power trip for them.  Take down the very things the EED protects.
Morons.
Her squad reported to the officer in charge, a detective named Rick Allen.  He was a normal and a nice enough guy.  Ace had talked with him once or twice.  Detective Allen was more than willing to admit when a situation necessitated hero intervention.  He made it a point to keep Hero Units he called in appraised of the situation.  That didn't mean dispatch had to pass on all the information he gave them.  
"Torment, I'm glad you're here.  Is your team briefed on the situation?" Detective Allen asked without waiting on pleasantries and confirming Ace's suspicion that it was dispatch that was the problem.  
Torment shook her head.  "I'm afraid not, detective.  All we were told was that there was a situation that needed hero intervention.  No details were passed on to us."
"Right, I'll deal with problems from dispatch later.  Right now we've got an Anti in there," he indicated the faceless corporate edifice.  "He is supposedly holding a group of Regs and normals hostage."  Despite his calm exterior Ace knew Detective Allen was going to let the dispatcher have it once the situation was taken care of.  He didn't tolerate disrespect from the normals to the heroes and vice versa. 
"What's his plan?  What's he after?" Torment asked looking the building up and down.  She would already be searching for the thoughts and emotions of those held inside.  The range of her power was pretty astounding.
"Says he's got a device that will destabilize the atomic structure of the building and everyone in it but him," Detective Allen replied.
"Seriously?" Torment asked, still scanning the building.  Torment had been in the EED for ten years.  This was nothing new to her.  Usually when an Exceptional went bad they did so in a big way.
"That's the claim.  He wants an armed escort out of the city and let's see," the detective checked his notes.  Like all normals he still used pencil and paper.  It was a hold-over from after the war when technology had been less than reliable.  "Forty billion dollars."
"Oh, is that all?" Torment said with a shake of her head.  "Well now I know why they sent us.  I can't get a good sense of him and his hostages at this distance.  What do you think, Maniac?"
Ace's partner stepped forward, being careful to stay behind the anti-Exceptional barricades, to get a closer look.  Like Torment, Maniac's sensory powers had a long range on them.  She wouldn't be able to effect the device unless she was touching it, but she would be able to get more details on it.  Ace kept her eyes on the building, scanning the different floors and looking for threats.  She didn't have x-ray vision, like some Exceptionals, but she could "zoom in" magnifying even the smallest of details. 
It was eerily quiet for a crime scene.  There was no radio chatter, no talking between the different officers.  The situation was tense.  No one liked the thought of facing an Anti, especially one with a super weapon.
"I've got it Torment.  Top floor, device is letting off one heck of a signal.  At this range I can't tell for sure if it can do what he says, but whatever it is, it's dangerous," Maniac reported.  Her eyes looked like they had a small lightning storm in them.  The more she used her powers the more electricity there would be.  It definitely wasn't the strangest Quirk out there.
"Ace can you get to the top of the building?  The rest of us will come in from below," Torment asked.
Ace nodded.  Flying to the top of the building unseen wouldn't be difficult.  Neither would be getting in.  "You want me to sit this one out?" Jacks asked.  It was the sort of thing he usually got a pass on.  His powers were less helpful in a hostage situation.
Torment nodded.  "For now.  I'll let you know if there's something we need you for."
Jacks nodded and took up a defensive position behind one of the heavy, anti-Exceptional barricades.  Those were another of Einstein's creations.  They could stop even the most powerful of upper tier Fourths.  It was a well-kept secret that they were no match for Ace.  
So far nothing is a match for you.
"While Ace gets into position, I want Maniac to work on that device of his, see if you can get any more details on it.  Deuce, stay here and keep your eyes opened.  You and Jacks are our backup if things go south," Torment said.  Deuce nodded and also took up a position at the barricades.  Between him and Jacks a good portion of the cordoned off area would be covered.  Heroes were all required to be sharp-shooters.
"We want him alive if at all possible," Detective Allen said.  "New Davenport PD has been getting a lot of flak from?people, because of how harshly we deal with Antis."
By people Detective Allen meant politicians.  Damned fools only think about their poll numbers.  Ace liked the fact that the detective included the EED as part of the NDPD.  There were some normal police that saw the EED as a separate and distinct entity.  "We will do what we can, Detective.  I can't make any promises.  Antis are notorious for making situations where there are no easy calls," Torment replied.  The echo in her voice made the statement ominous.
"Don't I know it," he said with a sigh.  He ran his fingers through his dark hair and made a call on his radio.
"Alright Ace, go to it," Torment said.  
Ace took to the air.  At first she flew up and away from the scene.  If the Anti was watching she didn't want to give him too much warning she was coming.  He might hurt the hostages.  As she left solid ground behind she could feel gravity loosen its hold and the laws of physics begin to rearrange around her.  
That was the hallmark of the Exceptional Phenomenon.  When an Exceptional, from any generation, used their powers natural laws changed, adapted, or just stopped working entirely.  Normals never felt a thing, but other Exceptionals always knew when powers were in use near them.  
Focus on the task at hand, not metaphysical ramblings.
She circled back around as soon as she felt best.  Ace tried not to fly at supersonic speeds while within city limits, or anywhere near population centers if at all possible, so she approached her target at a much more sedate pace by comparison, close to sixty miles an hour.  She had an instinctive understanding of how fast she was flying; it came with the ability to fly. 
Her landing on top of the building was as quiet as she could manage under the circumstances.  From her crouch she took a good look around.  There was a roof access door, a variety of different vents, ducts and grate covered openings.  It could have been the top of any of the multitude of buildings in the city.
Ace knew better than to take the door.  If the Anti was a technomancer, which was her personal bet, then he would have rigged most of the entrances.  And while it was unlikely she would be hurt by anything she ran into, it would create a terrible amount of noise.  Since noise was the opposite of quiet, she needed to find a better way in.  She started scanning the other panels and openings the top of the roof presented to her.  None of them looked promising, until she spotted the HV/AC system.
As Exceptionals went Ace didn't really fit her type.  Normally Fortress Class Exceptionals were big, towering masses of muscle.  It was the most recognizable Quirk out there.  They actually looked like they could leap buildings, stop bullets and bend steel.  Ace didn't.  She was five and a half feet tall with an athletic build.  No one expected her to be able to do what she did.  Everyone assumed, herself included, that she didn't fit her type because it was her Quirk.
Like I said some of them are just damned annoying.
As Ace lifted the grate off the air handling system she was grateful for her more average stature.  Even with her body armor, she fit with ease.  At least she would if she dropped her gun, which she did.  She made a mental note to come back for it.  Einstein would be pissed if she forgot it.  Ace then entered the heating and cooling ducts and made her way down.

As soon as she could she dropped out of the HV/AC system.  Moving through it quietly was almost impossible.  Once clear she realized that she was in the men's restroom.  It was quiet and empty, unsurprising considering the situation.  That's when questions started to surface.  
How had the Anti managed to get a group of hostages trapped at this time of night?  Ace had learned to be paranoid in her time serving in the Exceptionals branch of the military.  Something about this whole situation stank.  
Well you are in the restroom.
Shut up.
She exited the restroom and continued moving through the floor trying to figure out where their target was.  It would take time for Torment and Maniac to come in through the lower levels, they would have to be constantly on the lookout for traps.  It was Ace's responsibility to secure the scene to the best of her abilities. 
As silently as she could she began a methodical search of the floor.  Room by room she went, checking and clearing each one.  There was a general hum in the air that her sharper than normal hearing picked up on.  Having heightened senses went well beyond the basic "five senses".  She could feel even the slightest of changes in air currents, sense things went well beyond a normal's capability to sense, but there was very little for her to pick up on.  It was worrying.  Her progress was unhindered by any traps, which also made her suspicious.  Anti technomancers were always looking for ways to show off their power. 
Just like that time in New Madrid with Tesla.  She was so horrified when that shock trap didn't stop you.
No but it burned the crap out of my clothes.
These thoughts were all going through Ace's mind when she opened a door to what could have been a meeting room.  The door swung open, easier than she had expected.  There was a click and something slammed into her chest.  The impact was followed by an ear splitting boom.
Chapter 2

Ace was momentarily disoriented by the sound that assaulted her.  Had she been a normal, being that close to a sonic boom would have killed her.  She hoped the hostages were still alive.  
They're fine, concentrate.
With a shake of her head cleared her thoughts and took stock.  Sitting in the middle of the room was? well the closest thing it resembled was an assault rifle.  The tripod it was resting on looked built to stabilize construction equipment.  The bore had to have been at least the size of a .50 caliber and it was still pointed at her. 
"That's impossible!"  The person that shouted was a man.  He was tall and thin, his face haggard and his clothes were baggy.  The anger on his face at her not being dead was clear.  
Ace saw what looked like a remote triggering device in his hand and she lunged at him.  A guy like him didn't stand a chance of reacting before she closed the gap.  She was the fastest Exceptional on record.  In the blink of an eye she was face to face with the Anti.  He still seemed shocked that the gun hadn't stopped her.  "You, you're that damned Fifth that killed Blood Host."
"You are under arrest," Ace replied.  She had a gentle hold on the arm that was holding the remote trigger.  He tried to pull free, but Ace's grip didn't budge.  "Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law," Ace continued, pulling a set of suppressor cuffs from her belt.  "Human laws have no authority over me!" he exclaimed, "I am Technosis!  Machinery bows to my very will!"
The gun turned and Ace heard it powering up again, the same hum from before.  She didn't bother to dodge.  Instead she finished cuffing Technosis and threw him, gently, aside as the gun fired.  Another shot slammed into her, another sonic boom destroyed the rest of the windows in the room.  This time she was prepared for the noise and she turned her hearing momentarily off.  
"It's not possible!  This weapon killed Tomahawk!"  Technosis's high pitched denial grated across Ace's ears once she allowed them to work again.  Memories flashed at the mention of Tomahawk, but she squashed them back down.
Good, stay focused.  Now that he's taken care of, check the hostages.
She made sure her prisoner was completely secure and cut off from his powers and continued reading him his rights.  Now that he couldn't use his powers Technosis was much more subdued.  That was usually how it worked.  Antis acted high and mighty, but cut them off from their power and they were helpless.
Once Ace finished with her prisoner she went and checked up on the hostages.  They were all bound and gagged, but seemed unharmed otherwise.
One of the Regs is an energy class.  He put up a shield.  
Damn good thing he did.
She would have to make sure whoever it was got a medal.  He'd saved the lives of all the hostages.  
Ace radioed out to Torment, "Subject apprehended.  Far as I can tell none of the hostages are injured."
"Nice work Ace.  We'll be up in a minute.  Maniac is still handling some devices down here," Torment sent back.  As always her voice sounded extra strange over the radio.
While she waited Ace started untying the hostages and doing her best to keep them calm.  In general they were all okay, just shaken.  Being that close to a super weapon had that effect on people, even Exceptionals.
Her main question now was how had Technosis gotten ahold of such a weapon?  Thirds weren't known for their ability to create sophisticated machinery.  
There's something else going on here.  Be careful.
"It was Homo Superior," one of the women whispered as Ace undid her bindings.
Ace's blood ran cold.  Homo Superior was a terrorist organization.  Supposedly they wanted to "cleanse" the earth of the "human taint".  Every government in the world, including those run by Exceptionals, denied their existence.  Ace had to wonder just a little.  People like Technosis didn't just come out of nowhere with massive weaponry and start killing.
"How do you know that?" Ace asked the woman as she continued untying ropes.
"I can't tell you here," the woman replied in an almost inaudible whisper.  Ace nodded.  If the woman didn't want to talk, then that was her business.  Torment would be able to help.  People relaxed around Torment, despite the impression her Hero Name gave.  

It didn't take much time for them to finish wrapping up the scene.  Maniac had finally been able to disabled all of Technosis' traps.  Torment called in an ARAT, Anti Restraint and Transport (more commonly called a Rat) to transport the suspect.  The police were working with the hostages to get their statements.  Meanwhile Maniac was studying the gun that Technosis (still a stupid name) claimed had been the weapon responsible for the death of Tomahawk.
"You knew Tomahawk, right Ace?" Jacks asked as Maniac did her thing.
"Yeah I knew him," Ace replied, not really wanting to talk about it.  She had to push memories aside every time someone mentioned her former mentor.  
Your next psych eval is going to suck.
Tell me about it.
"How did he rank compared to you?  I mean I remember when he joined the EED.  Everyone said he was the strongest Fortress Class ever born.  I believed 'em to.  The guy was hardcore.  Do you think this could take him down?" Jacks continued.  
Ace wanted to get mad at him, she really did, but she just couldn't.  It was his Quirk.  People, normals and Exceptionals, just liked Jacks.  That meant he got to ask questions other people couldn't, because people were less likely to punch him in the face for it.
"Yes.  If someone fired that thing at any Exceptional I've ever met it would drop them.  That's what it was made to do," Ace replied.  Jacks knew that Tomahawk had been her mentor, her friend.  Everyone in the EED knew.  Most had the good sense not to talk to her about it.
"What is it?  That's my question," Jacks said looking weapon over from a safe distance.
"It's a hybrid between a railgun and a Gauss rifle," Maniac said in answer to Jacks' question.  She was clearly fascinated by what she was finding on the weapon.  Her eyes were a veritable storm of electricity.  The answer had come more as a reflex than a response to Jacks.
Jacks just looked more confused at the answer.  Ace's head started hurting at the thought.  She was well versed in the hyper levels of weaponry that had been developed in order to deal with Exceptionals.  Why anyone would ever even consider meshing a railgun and a Gauss rifle was beyond her.  "Shouldn't that be impossible?" she asked.
"Most definitely.  Whoever put this monster together was a genius, probably smarter than Einstein," Maniac replied.
Jacks started swearing quietly under his breath while Ace just shook her head.  "What's it made out of?  I can't think of anything capable of withstanding that kind of force."
Maniac shook her head.  "We'll have to take it to Einstein for that."  She straightened up and looked at Ace.  "You're going to have to carry it partner."
With a resigned sigh Ace picked the weapon up off of its mount and shouldered it.  "No matter how many times I see you do that?" Jacks said with a shake of his head.
"Deuce could have done it without touching it," Ace replied as she carried the gun from the room.  She had it over one shoulder and the mount under the other arm.
"Yeah, but that's different.  Powers like ours don't have the kind of effect that physical powers do.  It's hard to explain," Jacks said with another shake of his head.  Lots of Exceptionals of the various classes were like that.  They were constantly impressed by those with physical powers, despite what their own powers could do.
Ace remained quiet as she carried the impossible weapon out to their transport.  Out on the street she stopped, remembering something important.  "Damn.  Be right back."  She sat the rifle and its tripod down and jumped, yet again, to the top of the building.  Her rifle was right where she'd left it.  
"Almost forgot this," she said back at street level.  She put her rifle back on her shoulder and then picked the much larger one up off the ground.
"Good thing you remembered.  Einstein's going to be mad enough you didn't get a chance to fire it.  Imagine if you left it behind," Jacks said.
Ace tried not to picture it as they loaded themselves into the transport.  She had enough problems.  She didn't want to add the wrath of a mad scientist on top of it.
Chapter 3

"Hey rookie."  Ace looked up from her report.  She hated paperwork, but she did it because she understood how important it was to the system.  That didn't mean she wouldn't take any excuse to look up from her screen, even if it meant she had to deal with Left Hook.
Left Hook had come to the EED just before Ace, which meant he had slightly more seniority than her.  He was also a jerk.  Because of the difference in their seniority, small as it was, he liked to try and pick on her.  He was a Fourth and a Speed Class.  Ace was convinced that part of his problem was he was only a mid-range, not an upper tier Exceptional.  
"What's up?" Ace asked.  She didn't bother hiding her annoyance.
"Captain wants you down in interrogation.  Says one of the witnesses wants to talk to you," Left Hook replied.
That was unusual.  Normally witnesses opened up to Torment or Angel.  Angel was the one in charge of Ace's EED precinct.  He was an upper tier Mental Class on par with Torment.  Supposedly they shared almost exactly the same powers.  There were rumors the two were dating, but Ace doubted that very much.  Torment and Angel were both sticklers when it came to rules and a relationship with a coworker was a big time violation of department policy.
Ace saved her report and said, "Alright."  She paused looked him in the eye and continued, "Touch my stuff and we'll have a repeat of what happened last time."
He put his hands up in mock submission.  "Sure, I read you."  Left Hook had messed with her desk right after her assignment to Torment's Unit.  She'd hung him upside down from a flagpole, on the top of a building.  They'd both been subject to disciplinary action.  A good hero Left Hook might be, but he was a terrible person.
He's an asshole.
That is an understatement.
The interrogation rooms were in the basement of the precinct.  Ace took the elevator and had to suffer through a number of awkward moments when members of the regular police saw her standing in the elevator.  Most normals were adjusted to the Exceptionals all the way up the Fourths.  The first of the Fourth Generation had been born over fifty years ago.  
Things were different with her.  She knew about the rumors that people spread about her powers.  Some were right, others were wildly speculative.  Yes she could, and had, survived being shot by a tank, but no she couldn't kill a person just by looking at them.
Well you can't.
When she finally got to the basement her annoyance had risen, almost to anger.  She did her best to keep it under control as she showed her ID and was buzzed in.  The entire floor was heavily secured.  Antis had been known to try and break out known associates or witnesses against them.  Not a one of the precautions could have stopped Ace, but she didn't want to break in.  
Heck, she didn't want to be there at all.  She very much disliked taking part in interrogations.  She didn't even like taking witness statements at crime scenes.  It always felt like she was intimidating people into talking, which was a clear violation of their rights.
Captain Angel met her on the other side of the mag-locked, dura-steel blast door.  The Captain was tall and thin.  His dark skin and eyes could have made him intimidating, but his face was perpetually smiling and his short, wiry hair was completely white and had been his entire life.
Sure, he gets an easy Quirk.
Stop complaining.
His tie was loose and the top three buttons of his shirt were undone.  He looked stressed, despite the smile.  "Thanks for coming down here Ace," he said extending his hand.  She shook it and said, "No problem Captain.  What can I do to help?"
They started down the corridor.  "Well, most of the hostages you rescued didn't know much.  The normals for the most part were grateful to make it out alive.  The Regs were the same.  A couple had a few bits of intel for us, but not much more than you'd already told Torment.  And you were right; one of them had put up a force field to protect them from that? weapon.  However, there was one that was of particular interest.  She's an Unreg and a Used.  Said she spoke to you after you secured the scene."
Ace nodded.  She remembered the woman, there was only one witness who'd said anything to her.  She hadn't shown any of the usual signs of being a Used.  "She seemed like a normal when I spoke to her, though she did say that Technosis was being used by the HSO," Ace said.
Angel sighed and ran a hand through his short hair.  "That's what we were afraid of.  Anyway we need you to go talk to her.  Right now she's scared and nervous.  Apparently she's an upper tier Mental Class.  She's strong enough to block out me and Torment, and since she's a Used she can't drop her guard and let us in to help."
Ace nodded.  She didn't like the fact that Angel had seemed to agree that the HSO was behind this incident.  That meant the organization was probably real.  And if that was true that meant they were likely responsible for Tomahawk's death.  
"I know what you're thinking Ace.  Just keep it under wraps for now, okay?" Angel said.
He doesn't know, not for certain at least.
Not exactly a comforting thought.
Again she nodded.  Ace didn't want to think about a secret organization of Antis bent on world domination.  Stuff like that wasn't supposed to happen in real life.  Not after the Exceptionals War.  
Not everyone was satisfied with the outcome of the war.
They arrived at the interrogation room and Angel opened the door.  Torment was sitting across the table from the woman that Ace remembered from the crime scene.  Her unit commander was out of her body armor.  Instead she had on a black tank top and fatigue pants.  Ace had to suppress a small pang of jealousy.  Torment was a knockout, with model quality features and the kind of curves that drew the eye.  Ace tried not to make comparisons between herself and her commanding officer.
In the bright light of the room Ace could see that the woman had been crying.  Her green eyes were red-rimmed.  Her blouse was rumpled and the exhaustion was plain on her face.  
She's had a rough night.
That's an understatement.
"Ms. Carpenter, this is Ace," Torment said as way of an introduction.
"I know who she is," Ms. Carpenter replied.  "I can't help but know who she is."  There was resignation in her voice when she spoke.  She put her face in her hands, her long, wavy, red hair cascaded forward.
"You said you'd be willing to talk to her, correct?" Torment continued.
The woman nodded.  She looked up and pushed her hair back. "Just me and her.  You two can watch from behind the glass where Deuce and Jacks are placing bets."
Ace blinked.  Interrogation rooms were supposed to be proof against mind powers.  If she could read Jacks and Deuce through the glass that meant Ms. Carpenter was one of the most powerful Mental Class they'd ever encountered, easily as powerful as Torment and Angel.  The other two officers traded looks and Ace just shrugged.  It's not like the woman would be able to harm her.
But why you?  No other Used has reacted like this.
Maybe we'll find out.
"Alright, Ace please do what you can," Angel said.  Torment stood and the two of them left the room.  
Once the door was closed Ace took the chair formerly occupied by Torment and said, "I don't suppose you'd be willing to tell me your first name?"
"Emily," came the reply.
"Why did you want to talk to me Emily?" Ace asked.  She wasn't very good at interrogations, or even talking to people for that matter.  It was hard to develop conversational skills when seemingly everyone you ever met was intimidated by you.
"Because my powers are under my control when you're around.  The first time in my life I've been able to turn off the flow of information was when you walked into that room and confronted Technosis," Emily replied.  She was crying, relief clear on her features.
That can't be true.  We would know if that was true.
Ace sat there stunned.  She'd never had anyone tell her that.  She'd had to put down Used before.  She usually saw it as a mercy.  Used were Exceptionals who had little to no control on their powers.  If they had physical powers it wasn't usually a problem.  Mental powers were the worst.  It was considered by most to be the most dangerous Quirk there was.
By some miracle Emily had been living with uncontrollable mental powers her whole life.  She was lucky she was still sane.  "Are you willing to tell me what your powers are?" Ace asked.  She didn't know what else to say.
"It can do what Angel and Torment can, just more so, so much more.  It makes me hear the thoughts of everyone around me.  And not just their thoughts, their intentions, their motivations, their wants, their needs, the good and the bad, all of it in a flood of maddening information that my power seems to seek out.  It's constantly looking for more, until you showed up.  Your presence quelled my power, sent it running," Emily replied.  There was such hope in her eyes that it was difficult not to believe her.
She's telling the truth.  How can she be telling the truth?
This is not possible.
She wasn't sure what to believe.  None of the other Used had ever said anything like that to her.  Not that most of them had been able to say much of anything.  "Can you give us more information about Technosis?" Angel's voice came over the intercom, filling in for Ace.
Emily nodded.  She looked much better now that she had apparent control over her powers.  "Now that Ace is here I can actually think and sort things out.  Technosis is an upper tier Third, a technomancer, born at the very end of that generation.  He was just a Reg until the HSO found him and started screwing with his powers.  They did generational gap tests on him, trying to see if it was possible to take a Third up to a Fourth.  It really screwed his mind over.  When they realized what they'd done to him they stuck him in a lab and let him loose."
"Is he really the one responsible for Tomahawk's death?" Ace asked.
"Not any more than a gun is responsible for the death of someone who gets shot.  The HSO used him to take down Tomahawk, just like they used him to try and kill you.  From what I could tell the HSO is terrified of you," Emily replied.  She gave Ace a look of sympathy.  
"Did you see any of their other plans?" Angel asked via intercom.
"No, just what Technosis knew, which wasn't much," Emily replied.
"Thank you, Ms. Carpenter.  You are free to go.  If we need anything else we will be in touch," Angel said after a brief pause.
Emily nodded and stood.  As she was preparing to leave she looked at Ace.  There was uncertainty painted across her features, but instead of voicing her concerns she thanked them and left.  
If what she says is true she doesn't want to leave and lose control over her powers again.
"Good job, Ace," Torment said over the intercom.  Ace didn't really have a reply.  She didn't feel like she'd done much more than serve as a power dampener so Emily could talk.  She'd served her purpose, now she had to go back to writing her report.  There were other things on her mind though, personal things.  
It'll be okay.  We deal with it later.  Focus on what's at hand.
Ace left the interrogation room and met the others in the gray hallway.  "We'll put her under observation-" Angel cut off as the blast door opened and uniformed officer came running down the hall.  "Captain Angel sir, Technosis just died in the holding cell!" 
Chapter 4

"Damn it!" Angel swore.  "How'd it happen?"
"We don't know for certain.  Riggs and I were watching him and suddenly he just keeled over.  Riggs called up Einstein and I came to get you," the officer replied.  He looked worried and a little out of breath.  The holding cells were on the opposite side of the precinct buildings.
"Ace, I think you had better go and get Ms. Carpenter.  Something tells me she is in danger," Torment said.  The echo in her voice intensified with her worry.  Ace nodded and started jogging down the hall.  The security checkpoints let her through, but not fast enough.  Instead of waiting for the elevator Ace hit the stairs and leapt up to the first floor landing.
Just as she popped out the door to the main lobby she felt a surge of panic that was not her own.  Something told her it was Emily trying to get her attention.  Her heightened hearing picked up the sound of a car door slamming.  Ace ran for the front doors, having to dodge surprised normals and Exceptionals.  She finally, carefully, went through the main doors and out into the hot August afternoon.  
The streets were crowded, as was expected.  New Davenport was one of the largest cities in the United States of North America.  After the Exceptionals War population centers had shifted.  Some major cities had been left almost desolate while places like New Davenport had grown dramatically.
Ace scanned the traffic, both pedestrian and motorized, but there was no sign of Emily.  Another wave of panic hit her, again not her own.  It brought her attention to a white, four door sedan that was just turning up Main Street.  They were moving with the pace of traffic to avoid attracting attention.  Ace took to the air, natural laws giving way to her as she took off in pursuit.
Careful.  Heaven knows what these people are capable of.
When has that every stopped me?
I'm just saying, hoping that maybe I'll get through to you one of these days.
She caught up to the sedan as it started picking up speed in the one-way traffic.  Main Street was one of the fastest ways through downtown because of how wide it was.  Five full lanes of traffic flowed by in the lunch hour rush.  Ace didn't dare risk an accident by trying to stop the car, so instead she landed on the roof and put her fist through it.  "Pull over!" she yelled into the hole.
Her order was met by gunfire.  The gunman was using an automatic, and the bullets hammered into Ace's face.  They didn't ricochet off her like they would with some Exceptionals.  Instead the bullets hit her, deformed and then fell back down, robbed of all of their force.  
Each impact distorted the laws of physics.  The kinetic energy didn't change, or dissipate, it simply vanished as if never existed.  There was cursing from inside the vehicle as flattened bullets fell back into the whole.  Ace heard Emily scream and she lost her temper.  No one deserved this kind of treatment.
Ace punched through the driver's side window and slipped in.  Not even another Exceptional would have been able to stop her.  Once she was sitting on the driver's lap she slammed on the brakes, carefully, and killed the ignition.  She then tore the steering column off and gently slammed the back of her head into the driver's nose.  The amount of force she used probably wouldn't have killed him.  A gun went off and a bullet slammed into the side of her head.  She grabbed the gun, crushing it, and the hand that held it.  
While the passenger clutched his ruined hand Ace got out and tore the back passenger door off.  By now traffic had stopped; the presence of a hero could do that.  Sirens were wailing in the distance, but she was more focused on securing the scene.  
She pulled the first kidnapper out of the car and pinned him to the street with her foot.  He didn't struggle much.  Apparently he was the smart one.
"Move and I'll shoot!" the last one yelled.  The muzzle of his gun was pressed against Emily's temple.  Ace moved, faster than the nerve impulse could travel from the gunman's brain to his finger, and took the gun.  
Suddenly disarmed, the last kidnapper tried to escape through his door just as Left Hook showed up and slammed it back in his face.  The sudden closing of the door on the man's head knocked him back into the seat.  Ace could tell he wasn't getting up any time soon.
"You got everyone else rookie?" Left Hook asked as he reopened the door and began cuffing the guy who he'd just prevented from fleeing the scene.
Ace looked around and nodded.  "Good.  Captain said to get the witness back to HQ ASAP.  Me and the uniforms will take care of things from here."  Three squad cars emerged from traffic and surrounded the disabled vehicle.
Ace helped Emily from the car.  "Hold on," she said and lifted Emily into her arms.  She then took to the air, wanting to get back to the relative safety of HQ before someone else showed up.  "Thank you, Ace," Emily sobbed.  Her arms were wrapped tightly around Ace's neck; her face buried against her shoulder
That was nicely done.  Hopefully they don't try and press charges for the crushed hand.
They can try.
Ace felt a little awkward as she flew and not just because of Emily's almost possessive hug.  She hadn't realized how much taller than her the other woman was.  She had to have been close to six feet tall.  Exceptional strength or not, it was awkward to carry someone who was so much taller than her.  Ace was just glad it was a short flight back.

Back at Third Street Precinct Angel and Torment met her in the main lobby.  "Good work, Ace.  Ms. Carpenter, I think for the time being you should be under witness protection.  Whoever was pulling Technosis's strings apparently had monitoring devices on him.  When they found out he'd been arrested they hit the kill switch.  We think they found out about you through that device," Angel said as they walked back into the building.
Emily nodded.  She was still shaking as the adrenaline left her system from her attempted abduction.  The four of them stayed quiet as they rode the elevators back up to the EED floor of the precinct.  Once the elevator doors were closed Torment let out a sigh of relief and Angel said, "Now we can talk freely."
"What?" Emily asked.
"We can never be sure who will overhear what is being said in the main precinct.  While I trust most of the men and women in this building, I'm not stupid enough to think that they are incorruptible.  Up here I know what's going on.  It is EED regulations that all heroes keep their minds open.  We know what's going through the head of every single member of the Hero Units under our command," Angel explained.
"So what you said downstairs," Emily said.
"Was a diversion.  We want people to be watching for you at our witness protection safe houses.  I have it on good authority that most of those sites have been leaked to various dubious organizations.  Besides most of them aren't Exceptional proof.  Instead we are going to have you stay in the safest place in all of New Davenport, if not in all of the US," Torment said.
Saw that coming.
Hell.
"Where's that?" Emily asked.
Ace sighed, "They mean with me."
Chapter 5

Ace unlocked her front door and deactivated her security system.  "Come on in and make yourself comfortable," she said allowing Emily to walk past her.  
Emily entered with some trepidation.  For her luggage she only had a single duffle bag.  Depending on how the investigation went her stay might be much longer, but they would cross that bridge later.  
"The guest bedrooms are in the basement, take your pick.  Each one has fresh sheets and blankets.  There's also a full bathroom down there with clean towels.  I only have one kitchen, but I keep it fairly well stocked and clean," Ace continued after shutting and securing the front door.  She also reactivated the external security.
Emily looked around and said, "How the hell did an EED officer afford a place like this?"  Ace could see the wonder in her eyes.  Everyone reacted like that when they saw her house for the first time.  It was a big place, just the way Ace preferred it.  She liked having plenty of room to move around and entertain if necessary.  The rest of her Unit had recently started coming to her place to hang out on their days off.  She'd made the offer on Torment's recommendation.
"Since you probably will find out anyway," Ace began.  Emily's face fell a little.  "Don't worry, I don't mind.  I mean I work with Torment and Angel, they pretty much know everything there is to know about me.  Well not quite everything.  Besides I don't blame you for what your power does.  That would be stupid.  But to answer your question, I rescued the crown prince of the Eastern European League.  His parents were most grateful.  They provided me with a small fortune as a reward.  I've done my best managing it since then.  Well that, and EED officers earn more than people think."
Realization bloomed across Emily's face.  "That was you?  But that was five years ago.  Wait, how old are you?"
Ace blushed a little.  She hated that question.  Because of her too cute features people had a hard time telling her age.  Most thought she was sixteen, eighteen if she was lucky.  "I'm twenty-five.  I enrolled in the Exceptionals branch of the military right out of high school.  I received an honorable discharge a little over a year and a half ago.  I went from there to the EED.  My parents weren't thrilled about either choice, but they didn't stop me."
"Oh," Emily's expression changed yet again at the mention of Ace's parents. "You're the daughter of Abraham and Alison Smith!  That makes you a direct descendant of the First!"
Can't keep a lot from her.  Don't think she'll find out about me though, she'd have to get past my defenses.
She'd better not find out.  That would be dangerous for her.
Ace nodded in grudging acknowledgement.  She loved her family dearly, but as the only Fifth she got enough attention from the media.  The last thing she needed was people finding out about her connection to Abraham Smith the First, the first Exceptional.  "I try to keep that under wraps.  If people knew that I was a direct descendant it would cause me all kinds of headaches.  I don't need the paparazzi stalking me more than they already do," Ace said.
"But every other first member of the generations was a direct descendant.  How do people not figure it out?" Emily asked.
"That I really can't go in to details about, because I don't really know how," Ace replied.  It was only partially a lie.
She's better off not knowing.
Everyone's better off not knowing.
"You hungry?" Ace asked, changing the subject.  She didn't want to talk about her family, or the past.  That was dangerous ground for her.
She could help you.  Later that is, not now.
Maybe.
Emily nodded.  "I haven't eaten since yesterday."
"Well I hope you like steak," Ace said already digging through her freezer.
"I've never been much of a meat eater."
Ace turned and raised an eyebrow at her guest.  Vegetarianism had never gained much of a foothold in the Exceptionals community.  Most of them had to eat at lot because of the extra strain their powers put on their bodies.  They couldn't be real picky about what they ate, or how much.
"A class field trip, when I was a freshman in high school, to a slaughterhouse, sort of ruined it for me.  My power wanted to know what was going through the animals' heads as they were being killed," Emily explained, she looked like she wanted to vomit.
Ace shuddered at the thought.  "Well this is farm raised beef, from my dad's farm.  He keeps me well supplied.  He does all the butchering himself.  I very much doubt it's like what happens in a slaughter house."
Emily regained some of her color, but she still looked unsure.  "Is there anything I can do?" she asked.
"Nope.  You're currently my guest.  If this arrangement lasts for very long, then yeah I'll have you help," Ace replied.  "Just go ahead and stow? sorry, unpack.  Pick any of the rooms you want downstairs."
Emily picked up her bag and went to the basement stairs.  "Thank you, Ace," she said before descending.
Ace continued getting their dinner ready.  Because the Hero Units worked odd hours and were constantly on call she had an equally odd eating cycle.  There was never really a breakfast, lunch, dinner rotation to it.  It was more whatever she felt like cooking when she had a chance to eat.  She was glad she never had to actually exercise.  She still did, but it wasn't necessary for her, or for any Exceptional really.  Doctors and scientists figured it had something to do with their powers.
Of course it's because of our powers.  Even Mental Class Exceptionals are like that.
More metaphysical ramblings?
Shut up.
Emily returned after about twenty minutes.  "Do you have a job you have to report to?"  Ace asked.
"Captain Angel told me that arrangements would be made with my employer.  I actually worked for the firm where Technosis attacked," Emily replied.
"I've been meaning to ask about that.  How is it that he got you all there during non-business hours?" Ace asked.
Emily blushed and replied, "We were working on a project for our company."
"You do realize that's a felony, right?" Ace asked.  Unless their business had a license to operate late, which was unlikely.  Not that any of them would be charged, seeing as they were taken hostage by an Anti.
"Sorry, I misspoke.  We weren't working on the project.  We were having a party to celebrate the project's completion.  That's how he knew to find us there.  Technosis I mean.  Like I told you at the precinct he was once just a Reg like any other.  I knew him as Jim Parker, at least until a year ago.  He went on vacation last summer and I never saw him again, until last night," she trailed off.
"That was probably when the HSO grabbed him.  I don't know much about them, hell, until you mentioned them I didn't even think they existed, but I can tell you they aren't working for the good of anyone if they are willing to experiment on Exceptionals," Ace said.
She'd seen other people who were willing to perform experiments on Exceptionals- they were not nice people.  The US military had done so, supposedly with express consent of the Exceptionals involved.  She would have signed up, but none of the testing equipment really worked on her.  It was hard to get a blood sample if you couldn't puncture the skin.
Not that their tests led to anything.
None of the tests throughout our history have, not even that lunatic Nazi who experimented on Firsts.
"Do they really think we are superior just because we have powers?" Emily asked.
Ace shrugged, placing the food she'd prepared on her dining room table.  The kitchen and dining room were part of one long room.  It made serving food easier.  "What I think is they are deluded, and dangerous.  Just because we are born with greater power does not make us better.  Just like being a hero doesn't put me above the law.  It means I should exemplify the law.  Besides if we were superior then why is it that Exceptionals don't always have Exceptional children?  I have a brother that's as normal as they come.  Well, normal by comparison, he's actually pretty smart, and a good athlete, but still a normal.  Anyway that's just their way of trying to draw others to their cause."
"Have they ever tried to recruit you?" Emily asked.
"Not that I'm aware of.  I think I've made my position on Antis pretty clear.  I was Tomahawk's trainee after all," Ace replied.
"Tomahawk.  He was very vocal about his views on how Exceptionals should act," Emily said with a frown.  
It was true.  Tomahawk had been very vocal about the responsibility that Exceptionals had to protect those that had no powers, or even those among the powerful protecting the ones with less power.  That had always been an odd part of her relationship with him.  She was so much more powerful than Tomahawk had ever been and yet he was her mentor, her teacher.  And according to his beliefs it was her responsibility to protect him.
Don't go down that road right now, Ace.  We'll deal with that later.
How?  I failed him.
"I imagine what he said offended a lot of Exceptionals," Ace said quietly.  
Emily shook her head.  "I imagine it did, but not me.  I knew that he didn't know what I was going through.  Hell, he didn't even know who I was.  And I'm sure he would have understood my decisions, but there were others that hated him for what he said, for what he advocated."
"Was Tech- Jim one of those?"
"Yes, yes he was.  There were times he would be so angry about something Tomahawk had said.  He just couldn't let it go," Emily replied.  Ace could hear how sad she was about Jim.  
He was the right kind of person for an organization like the HSO to recruit; someone angry at other Exceptionals, someone with just enough power to be dangerous.  An upper-tier Third might not be even as powerful as a low-range Fourth, but they were still dangerous.  She finished eating and got out her mobile device.  
The old smartphones had gone by the wayside once a group of technomancers had started their own mobile phone company.  The new devices were hyper-advanced computers capable of ultra-high definition video calls, full net access and so much more.  Ace barely used all the features on hers, a Motorola Sentinel.  There were seemingly dozens of companies that made mobile devices and they gave them all strange names.  The ICE, or the Wave, or the Firefly, or dozens of others.  Despite all the various brand names most everyone just referred to them as devices.  Ace picked the Sentinel because it was bullet proof? ish.
By now Angel would have ordered a background check on Technosis, and the additional information Ace had just got from Emily would make the process quicker.  She jotted down the highlights on her device and messaged it to Torment.
"They probably knew him, it might have even been someone in the company or even his family," Ace mused quietly to herself.
"Who could've done that?  Our company did background checks," Emily said.  Ace had forgotten the other woman was there.  "Sorry.  Also just so you know your thoughts are kind of loud and hard to ignore unless I'm actively blocking you."
She's right.  Angel and Torment both have to actively block you out at times.
Wish they'd've told me that.
Trying to soothe Emily's embarrassment Ace said, "It really isn't that difficult.  We see people that have built multiple identities.  It's the way most heroes operate.  If the HSO has even a couple of technomancers, like Technosis, it's even easier.  It's likely there was someone among the people in your office building that was an HSO plant.  We need to figure out who that was.  In fact, I bet you have that information stored somewhere in your mind.  You said your power constantly looks for information, then it would have found them out.  You might just not know it yet."
"What if they used blockers?" Emily asked.
"We have some of the most sophisticated blocking tech in the interrogation rooms down at the precinct and your power got through that, right?" Ace said.
Emily gave an uncomfortable shrug.  "That was an accident."
You are terrible at dealing with people.
"Well let's hope you 'accidentally' blew through any blockers and got the information we need.  How easy is it for you to remember specific details?" Ace continued.  
She was starting to get enthusiastic about this case.  Having Emily's powers would make things easier.  They would have to be careful what information they used, laws were pretty strict about power use in investigations, unless Article Two was in effect.  There were times Ace wished it was different, but normals had to be protected.
"With enough effort I can remember anything my powers have learned, but there were hundreds of people in and out of that building every day.  It could take weeks to sort through it all," Emily replied, looking less than thrilled about the prospect.
Ace gave her a reassuring smile.  At least she hoped it was reassuring.  "Angel and Torment will be able to help.  I'm going to let them know, that is if you're still willing to help."
Emily hesitated before finally nodding her assent.  "Thank you," Ace said and then sent another message to Torment's device.  Hopefully they would have word soon about how the investigation would proceed.  
With the message sent Ace stood and said, "Well I'm exhausted.  It has been a long day, and I feel like sleeping."
Emily nodded, but stayed at the table.  "Remember, don't leave.  It is unlikely anyone can get in here and if they do they'll have to deal with me.  But as soon as you walk out that door you're free game, so-to-speak."  
Subtle.
Ace wasn't leveling a threat, or even trying to scare Emily, but trying to help the other woman understand how dangerous her situation was.  If the HSO actually existed they would know what kind of danger Emily's potential knowledge would pose to their plans.  She was safer staying inside with Ace than anywhere else.  Hopefully she remembered that.
Chapter 6

"What do you think Ace?" Tomahawk asked.
Oh please, not this one.
Ace shrugged.  "Hard to say 'Hawk.  I lost their scent."  
Please let me wake up!
They stood overlooking one of Detroit's industrial districts.  They had been dispatched from New Davenport to help the Detroit office of the EED deal with a serious Anti problem.  Already three heroes and a score of normals had been killed.  Their injuries had suggested a large caliber rifle.  That's when Tomahawk and Ace, the two most indestructible heroes alive, had been called in.
They had been able to track the Antis to this particular industrial park, but Ace had lost the trail.  Tomahawk's senses weren't on par with hers and they had relied on them too heavily.  Their suspects had been in and out enough that there were too many trails for her to follow.
"Right, you take to the air.  I'll stick to the ground," Tomahawk said, his deep, gravelly voice full of anger. "We'll see if between the two of us we can flush the bastards out."
Ace nodded and took the air.  They had to be cautious with their investigation.  Detroit's mayor had been reluctant to put Article Two into effect.  He outright refused Exceptionals Lockdown.  His indecision was hamstringing the Hero Units.  Already some of the more sympathetic members of the Detroit PD were starting to put pressure for the mayor to act.  Heroes weren't the only ones being killed.
Don't turn around, don't look back.
Ace turned to say something to Tomahawk.  She saw her mentor standing tall, the largest, most powerful Fortress Class of the Fourth generation.  His dark eyes were scanning the buildings.  His shaved head made him come across as a hard-ass.
That moment in time froze for just an instant before the projectile hit.  Whatever it was tore through Tomahawk's armor and out his back in a spray of blood and bone.  
"NO!" Ace screamed.  
Again and again the scene played.  Over and over she watched her friend and mentor die, helpless to stop it.

Ace woke to the sound of her device going off.  With a shake of her head she cleared away the remnants of her nightmare.  She never slept without nightmares.  Tomahawk's death was one that cropped up frequently.  
Once her head was clear she carefully picked up her device, suppressing the urge to smash it.  The ID was Captain Angel.  "Yeah?" she asked.  She only barely remembered to keep the device camera pointed at her face.  No need for the captain to know what she did, or didn't, sleep in.
No need to embarrass him either.
"Hey kid we need you downtown ASAP," Angel looked and sounded tired.  She didn't recognize where he was from the details in the background.
"Where?"
"I'll send you the location on your device," he replied.  A map appeared on her screen, over top of her call with the Captain.  The LiveMap in her device had already planned out her route.
"Be there as soon as I can," Ace replied and hung up.  She pulled herself from her soft, warm bed and went to the bathroom.  A quick, cold shower later and she was more awake.  She dressed and went out to the kitchen.  The clock showed it was ten thirty pm.  She checked the whole house bio-monitor and saw that Emily was already in bed.  Ace left her a reminder note not to leave the house, grabbed a pre-made protein shake and left.

Ten minutes later found her standing outside of the corporate headquarters for Tenth Avenue National Bank.  To save time, she'd flown in.  The rest of her unit was already there and geared up.  Ace had her armor already on and she went to the back of the personnel carrier, but instead of finding Einstein's assault weapon she saw the railgun-Gauss rifle.  
I was afraid that was going to happen.
You could have warned me.
"Einstein insisted that you use it.  He says he's got everything he needs from it and it would be a shame for it to be dismantled."  Ace didn't jump at the sound of Torment's voice, but it was a near thing.  
"Really?" she asked.
"He already ran it past the higher ups before even consulting me.  They said better in your hands than in an evidence locker where it might get stolen," Torment continued.  The echo in her voice was sharp.
You'd think she was annoyed or something.
Ya, think?  Talk about use of excessive force.
Ace wanted to rebel against the decision, but her time in the military had conditioned her to follow orders, no matter how unpleasant they were.  Only on a handful of occasions had she ever defied a direct order.  Both times it had saved lives.  She turned her thoughts back to the present.  Right now she had to concentrate, not dwell on the past.  
You of all people should never dwell on the past.
She lifted the huge weapon from its rack in the carrier.  "This thing is so damned big though," she said as she put the barrel over her shoulder.
Crybaby.
Shut up.
"Einstein's working on something to make it less awkward for you to carry.  At least that's what he told the Captain," Torment said.  Ace knew she was trying to be supportive, or consoling, or something.  It only sort of worked.  It didn't help that Ace was already in a bad mood.  Seeing the hybrid weapon on her weapon rack in the carrier had not helped in the slightest, especially after her nightmare.
"Right," Ace said.  "What's the situation?  Cap just told me to get here ASAP."
"Bank heist gone wrong we think," Torment continued.  
Ace was only confused for a moment.  It made sense for an Anti to target the corporate headquarters, rather than a bank branch.  A competent technomancer could extract way more information from corporate servers than a simple vault.  Because of Ace, their unit was only called in for the most extreme cases of Anti activity.  That meant whoever was in there was considered highly dangerous.
Tenth Avenue is a fortress.  I don't think Maniac could overcome the protection on their servers.  
"I'm guessing Tenth Avenue's security was better than they anticipated," Ace said looking the scene over.  This time there were plenty of regular cops, SWAT and gawkers.  She didn't like the civilians being so close to a scene where there were potential Antis, heck she didn't even like them at regular crime scenes, but it was their right.  As long as they didn't cross the police line.
"Do we know who's inside?" Ace asked.
Torment shook her head.  "Not for certain.  Maniac has confirmed a technomancer, but it's not one she recognizes.  They have a blocker in place for certain, but it's a single-tasker.  Its only purpose is to block me, but Maniac can't find it so it might be one of the Antis that's causing the problem.  Jacks traced their heat signatures to the offices on the first floor.  He's making things uncomfortable, while Deuce is keeping them distracted.  They must be really intent on getting away with this, or they would have given up by now."
"Alright, what do you want me to do?" Ace asked still studying the building.  There weren't many good points of entry other than the main doors.  Once inside it was going to be on her to get the situation cleared.  It's what Fortress Class Heroes excelled at.
"I need you to get in there and do what you do best.  Thing is, we need to take everyone in there alive if at all possible.  It can't be coincidence that we've had two Anti attacks in as many days.  Not after the lull we've had.  Something about this situation stinks," Torment said.  She looked positively annoyed and that was saying something.  Torment was really good at keeping her feelings off her face.
She's right.  This is not a coincidence.  Someone is up to something.
That is not a comforting thought.
"If you want them alive then I'd best leave this behind," Ace said.  She put the rifle back in the transport and turned to face the building.  "I'm guessing that's bulletproof glass on the main doors?"
"That's what the CEO said.  He's given us leave to do what's necessary to protect his clients' files," Torment replied.
Ace nodded.  She knew what that meant.  They were free to use their powers, but they were supposed try and keep damage to a minimum.  Usually that was easier said than done.  All it took was a couple of Fortress Class, or worse Energy Class, to start leveling buildings.
Nothing like a few explosions to destabilize a structure.
She took a calming breath and started towards the main doors.  After a couple of steps she broke into a slow run and hammered her way through the main door.  The thick, bulletproof glass flexed around her and tore free of its casing like a piece of plastic wrap.   
To her right she heard people shouting.  She looked into a scene that would have been comical under different circumstances.  There were desks and chairs flying around the room causing three of the four people in the room to have to duck and dodge.  On top of flying furniture, the air temperature was fluctuating wildly between summer heat and winter chill.  
One of the Antis stood out from the rest and seeing him made Ace want to sigh in frustration.  He was big, probably close to eight feet tall.  Ace was pretty sure his muscles had muscles, but he moved with as much grace as a dancer.  He simply let the flying furniture smash off of him.  
Careful with him.
At the sound of the breaking door he turned and saw her.  "It's the Fifth bitch!  Time for me to show her what a real Fortress can do!"  He charged.  Of course he's charging.  Every last guy like him is dumb as a box of rocks.  Ace stood her ground and let him run right into her.  
He was big, so he was probably used to being stronger than even other Fortress Class.  And since Ace wasn't, he probably didn't believe a word about her, despite all evidence to the contrary.  As he crashed into her, like a linebacker, Ace reversed her kinetic dampening field.  She didn't turn all of his momentum against him, that would have torn him in half, but she let just enough bleed back to incapacitate him.
The Anti screamed in pain as the bones and muscles of his shoulder were crushed by a small measure of the force he had generated.  She watched the downed Fortress Class for a moment, waiting for his regeneration to stop the bleeding.  Once it looked like he was healed enough Ace put suppressor cuffs on him.  
Satisfied he was taken care of, Ace turned her attention elsewhere.  "You are all under arrest," she shouted.  Her voice was much louder than the noise being created by crashing furniture.  Exceptional strength was not limited to skeletal muscles.
Everything stopped once she spoke.  The office rearranged itself back to almost perfect order and the uncomfortable temperature shifts stopped.  The remaining three Antis looked at her and down at their Fortress and then back to her.  They were wearing identical looks of worry.  It was clear that they had overestimated the abilities of their companion.  She left him on the floor moaning in pain and walked into the room.
"Put down any weapons you may have and put your hands behind your heads.  Any further use of powers will be treated as resistance and I will respond in kind," Ace continued walking towards the nearest Anti.
He quickly put his hands behind his head and fell to his knees.  Ace put suppressors on him.  The other two were still looking at her, but they looked pissed.  They were both women and it was hard to tell what they could do.  Only Fortress Class Exceptionals had Quirks that identified them easily.
Which is just not fair.  Everyone knows not to piss of hulking brutes.
Or cute little girls.
"Do you really think you're going to get out of this?" she asked.
"You have to take us alive," one woman said.  That marked her as a Mental Class, probably a mind reader if she knew about Torment's orders.
She's the blocker.
"You're right, but you'll live with broken legs," Ace replied.
That seemed to give them pause.  And that was all Ace needed.  She closed on the one she thought was a telepath and had her cuffed in suppressors and on the ground before either realized she'd moved.  The other drew a gun and fired, clearly more on instinct than rational thought.  Those bullets that actually hit Ace fell to the floor.  She'd turned her kinetic dampening field back to negation.
"Really?" Ace said and closed the distance between her and the final Anti.  "You have the right to remain silent."
The woman made a noise somewhere between a scream and a whine.  Ace also cuffed her.  Once she'd finished reading them their rights she asked, "Are there any others here?"  It was possible that they missed someone.
There was no answer.  Ace sighed and radioed out to Torment.  "Four suspects apprehended.  They have a Fortress Class that is going to require medical attention.  The other three are unharmed.  All four are in suppressor cuffs."
"Maniac says the technomancer is-" Torment's reply cut off.  
"Still loose," Ace finished and started looking around.  It was going to be difficult to find the last Anti.  The building was huge and if she was cut off from the outside she would have to go floor by floor until she found something, or she could ask some questions.  Since they had sent her in first, protocol dictated that the others had to wait for her to clear the scene before coming in.  
She went to the one Anti that had surrendered the quickest.  "Where is the technomancer?" she asked.  Her voice came out hard.  The Anti started shaking and said, "I don't know.  He was supposed to go after their servers.  I haven't seen him since we broke in."  He sounded terrified.  That was the way she preferred her Antis; scared to death of her, made life easier.
You're lucky he didn't piss himself.
Now she just had to find where the servers were.  
You have another option.
You're right, but I don't like doing it.
Ace put some distance between herself and the cuffed Antis.  No need for them to know what she was about to do.  She took a deep breath and closed her eyes.  Again there was the sense of natural laws rearranging and changing to suit her.  It wasn't often that she used her other powers.  She preferred to keep up the faade that she was just a Fortress Class.  It made everyone's life easier.
Just breathe and focus.  It'll come back quick.
That's easy for you to say.
That she had mind powers was one secret that only a very select few knew, and she planned on keeping it that way.  People were already scared enough by her.  If word got out that she was more than just a Fortress Class, people would start panicking whenever she was around.  She had enough to deal with without adding that in.  
Focusing her thoughts, she started searching for the presence of other Exceptionals.  It took some work.  Her under-used power reacted like a muscle that hadn't been used enough.  It took a while for it to start up.  Eventually she found what she was looking for.  In the basement there was an upper tier Fourth.  Now she just had to find the stairs down.  
A quick search of the lobby turned up what she was looking for.  Before she went down she cuffed the three uninjured Antis to their still moaning Fortress.  Satisfied that they weren't going anywhere she went down the stairs.
The basement was actually two stories down and it got progressively cooler as Ace descended.  She didn't bother with trying to hide her entrance.  The technomancer would be expecting her since they had already disrupted her radio.  That was quite the feat considering EED equipment was designed to be tamper proof.
The door at the bottom of the stairs opened to a massive room.  There was only dim illumination, but there were plenty of small blinking LEDs in reds, yellows, greens and blues.  It was disconcerting as she looked for her target, like she was being watched by glowing eyes.  
You've played DOOM way too much.
Eventually she spotted the technomancer sitting in a distant corner.  He had a laptop across his knees and his eyes were so focused on it that he never heard her approach.  "Close the computer and put your hands behind your head," Ace said, loud enough to be heard throughout the huge room.
The Anti looked at her and she flinched at the madness in his eyes.  It was worse than Technosis.  "You dare oppose me?" he shouted.  "Do you know who I am?!" 
"You're under arrest," Ace replied.
You've been waiting for a chance to say that one haven't you?
"Human laws have no-" he began, but Ace cut him off, having heard this particular tirade already.  He sounded just like Technosis.  "Have no hold over you, right.  I'm here as an officer of the law.  And I can tell you that you are wrong, so unless you have a way of dealing with me," he trembled a little, "you are still under arrest."
The Anti stared at her, confusion and anger warring across his face.  Ace approached him, taking out her last pair of suppressor cuffs.  That's when he tried to fight her.  He thrashed and kicked, sending his laptop skittering across the floor and the rest of the equipment he'd been using was thrown into disarray.  Ace calmly continued reciting his rites as she carried him upstairs to where the others were waiting. 
Chapter 7

"Maniac disabled their fail-safes successfully.  We have the five of them in lockup waiting for interrogation," Torment said as she sat down at Ace's desk.
"That's some good news I suppose.  I just hope we can get some useful information out of them," Ace replied still working on her report.  It had taken a better part of the night to get the crime scene wrapped up.  She was starting to get irritable.
You're always irritable when you have to do paperwork.
I'm just not a fan of sitting and staring at a computer screen.
Unless it's a video game.
Shut up.
"The captain thinks the technomancer is going to be our best bet.  He's going to get an insanity plea easy.  He's as bad off as Technosis, if not worse.  Do you think Emily would be willing to help?" Torment said.
That was surprising.  Emily was still an Unreg as far as Ace knew.  She had no obligation, or even any right to use her powers to aid the EED.  "I couldn't tell you for sure, Torment," Ace replied.  Then she remembered that Emily had said she was willing to do something.  "She said she is willing to go over what she learned about the people in her building with us.  Like I said I think there was an HSO operative in her building."
"What makes you say that?  I read your message, but I want to hear it directly.  I might be able to pick more out that way," Torment asked.
Ace knew what that meant, Torment wanted to relive the conversation as it had happened between her and Emily.  "He, Technosis that is, was her coworker up until about a year ago.  It's possible the HSO nabbed him while he was on vacation," Ace replied.  As she spoke she did her best to recall the conversation in its entirety.  "She and I both think that someone in that building was a plant to find disgruntled Exceptionals."
"Was Technosis disgruntled?" Torment asked.  Ace could feel her looking through her memories.  It was a fairly common process that Torment was using.  It was one of the reasons all EED precincts had a Mental Class in charge.  They could extract more information from the heroes this way than through simple questioning.  
"He didn't like Tomahawk and his vocal position that all Exceptionals had a responsibility to serve mankind," Ace replied.
Torment sighed; she and Tomahawk had been good friends.  It was how Ace and Torment had first met.  "Tomahawk angered a lot of Exceptionals with his opinions.  I'm glad to see they didn't rub off on you."
Ace smiled.  "They did, I'm just not as vocal about it.  People are nervous enough around me; I don't need to give them more reason to be."
"How are you handling that?  People's reaction to you I mean," Torment asked.  Along with being their team lead she was also the team psychiatrist.  She knew that the way people perceived Ace had a lot of influence on her.
You're handling it the best you can.
Ace shrugged.  "I don't really know.  Most people around here are so used to the Exceptionals that I was just another one on the list to them.  Regular people aren't the problem, hell even Exceptionals aren't the problem.  Most of them don't believe half of what they've been told about me.  I'm the one that's the issue right now.  Every time I use my powers I'm afraid I'm going to hurt someone unintentionally.  I even felt bad when that stupid Anti ran into me earlier.  He knew who I was, but he didn't believe, or didn't want to believe it.  How is he, by the way?"
"Turbo?  He'll live.  Moses took care of the damage that was left once we had him secured by Blitz and Bulldog," Torment replied.
"I'm glad to hear it," she said and then shook her head.  "You see what I mean?  He would have killed me given half the chance, but I feel sorry that he hurt himself because of my powers.  That has got to be the stupidest thing I've ever said."  She was very carefully not gesturing while she spoke.  As worked up as she was even a stray movement could be dangerous.
Torment smiled.  "I would call that compassion Ace, not stupidity.  You understand, better than most, just what you are capable of.  And, no, I don't think it's fair that you are the only Fifth; that you are the only one that has to deal with that much power.  At the same time I'm glad that it is you.  Because you are so concerned about others there is less risk of you abusing your powers."
"Never again," Ace said.  She'd only done it once; the day Tomahawk had been killed.  Torment knew about that.  Most Exceptionals in the EED knew about that.  It was the one time she had let the full force of her power out in a fit of rage.  She'd leveled an entire industrial park before the Mental Class on scene had been able to reach her.
I was a big part of that.
Thanks again.
"Never say never, Ace.  All of us are vulnerable to temptation.  Especially if we think we are doing something for everyone's good.  If I wanted to I could drive everyone in this room mad, bend them to my will and make them do just as I pleased.  Even if I thought I was doing it for their own good, even if I had the best of intentions it matters not.  It would be an abuse of my power and my responsibility as one with power.  The temptation is there for all of us.  That's why the Hero Units exist.  We are the line, the ones who guard even the greatest of them, from the weakest of us," Torment said.
Ace nodded.  It wasn't the first time she and Torment had had this conversation, nor would it be the last.  It was important for her to be reminded of the reasons she had joined the EED.  Torment was good at that.  And Ace respected her.  
Of course she's good at it.  She's had to deal with you for almost a year now.
"Once your report's done you can head home.  Angel and I will handle the interrogations.  On your next scheduled shift if you would bring Emily back so we can try and filter through her memories that would be appreciated," Torment said.  With Ace's nod she stood and walked back to her desk.
Ace turned her full attention back to her report.  The sooner she got it done the better.

When Ace walked in her front door, well after dawn, her stomach rumbled, loudly.  The air was filled with the smell of breakfast being cooked.  She could smell sausage, eggs, bacon and bread all at once.  She dropped her work bag when she saw Emily busy in the kitchen.  
Wow, she's good.
The other woman saw her and said, "Welcome back.  I figured you would be hungry when you got in."  
Ace nodded, still a little awestruck, and said, "Is there anything I can do?"
"No.  I'm pretty much done.  I looked through your home's computer and tracked what you typically ate for breakfast.  I hope I didn't make too much," Emily replied.  She looked much better than she had the day before.  A good night's rest had done wonders for her, along with having her powers under control.  She moved around the kitchen with relaxed ease.  
"I'm going to go shower," Ace said, unsure of what to make of her new roommate

Once she was cleaned up and had changed into street clothes she came out to find a heavily laden table waiting for her.  She noticed that Emily had recruited some of her bath towels to act as hotpads and potholders.  "I couldn't find any potholders," Emily said with a shrug.
"I don't have any.  Not something I have to worry about, what with the whole being impervious to everything," Ace explained.  She sat and took a little bit of everything.  "I wasn't exactly sure how you preferred your eggs," Emily admitted.  She had cooked them in three different styles.
"I prefer them scrambled," Ace said.  "But don't worry I'll eat anything I didn't have to cook.  If you were a man I'd ask you to marry me right now."
Emily laughed.  It was a good sound.  "Sorry, just a woman who has lived alone long enough to pick up a few tricks."
Ace quirked an eyebrow and said, "You can't be much older than me."
Emily replied, "I'm not.  We were born on the same day, within an hour of each other, from what you've told me.  But instead of Registering and joining the military, like you, I went to college and studied.  It wasn't really fair for me with my power and all, but I thought it might be a good place for me to try and get control over it."
"That's something I've been wondering for a while now," Ace said after swallowing another mouthful of bacon and eggs.  "How did you keep yourself sane?  I don't mean to be rude, but I've met only a handful of Used that weren't unhinged by the lack of control on their powers.  And they all had purely physical powers."
"I got lucky, I guess.  I kept expecting my power to drive me mad.  That's what I'd been told ever since I was told what a Used was.  Everyone just assumed that one day I would break under the strain of uncontrollable mental powers.  As you can see it never happened.  I have no good reason why," Emily replied.  
She is very lucky.  She could have ended up like that poor slob in Toronto.
That guy was a lost cause.
Ace made a noncommittal noise and continued eating.  "If you don't eat I will eat it all," she said when she saw Emily's plate still empty.
"I ate already," Emily replied.
She is not a very good liar.
Almost as bad as I am.
"Liar," Ace said.  It came out blunt and she meant it to.  "Emily, it is my job to keep you safe and alive.  If you don't eat I can't do that, besides the cook should always take the chance to enjoy the fruits of their labors."
"I just want to make sure there's enough," Emily replied.
"There's plenty.  The thing about my powers is I can eat as much or as little as I want.  There was a time when I was stationed in New Egypt when I went a week without even drinking water.  I eat because I enjoy eating, not because I have to.  Now eat up."
The other woman finally started in and Ace nodded in satisfaction.  They passed the rest of the meal in relatively trivial conversations.  "How bad was your case this morning?" Emily asked as they were cleaning up.
"It was more annoying than bad.  Torment wanted me to ask you if you would be willing to come in and help with interrogations," Ace replied.
The other woman hesitated.  "I would have to Register to do that, wouldn't I?" 
"Probably.  You wouldn't have to join the EED; we hire consultants all the time.  Regs that work as PIs, scientists, doctors that kind of thing," Ace replied.
"I don't know if I can bring myself to Register," Emily said quietly.
Now for the big secret.
"Why not?" Ace asked.  That was a question she'd wanted the chance to ask an Unreg for a long time.  Why not Register?  There were enough members of the EED that it was rare for a Reg to be called into action.
"I didn't think I should.  I had no control over my power.  I was afraid of doing more harm than good as a Reg," Emily replied.
That made sense.  A Used as powerful as Emily could potentially pose a threat to any investigation.  "But now you have your power under control," Ace pointed out.
Emily nodded.  "I know, I'm just scared.  I don't know what the future will hold for me.  Am I going to have to rely on you for the rest of my life?"
"I've got no problem with that.  You're a good person Emily.  I like helping out good people, Exceptional or normal.  Just think about it," Ace said.
Give her time.  She'll come around.
I hope so.  We could really use her help.
They were silent through the rest of the cleanup.  Ace wanted to give Emily her space and time to think over her options.
Once they were finished Ace retired to her living room, with Emily close behind.  The next shift Ace was scheduled to work wasn't until the next day, or she would have gone back to sleep.  Instead she turned on her TV and kicked on her PlayStation 5.  She played video games to help pass the time.  Sony Computer Entertainment was more than happy to keep her supplied with nearly unbreakable game controllers.  They owed her their entire corporation for what she'd done for them a few years back.
Nothing like a massive security breach to bring a company to its knees.
"I'm going to Register," Emily finally said.  Her sudden statement almost made Ace jump.
Like I said, one of the good ones.
"You can do it online.  Go ahead and use my computer," Ace said.  "Do you know the site?"
"I remember," Emily said as she went to the computer desk in the corner of the living room.  Ace had a nice computer, Maniac had helped her with the setup.  Its sole purpose was gaming.  She was one of those people who like to game across all platforms, PC and console.  She even had multiple copies of the same game, the PC version and the console version, just so she could see the differences.  
You just like having plenty to do.
What can I say, I hate being bored.
She watched Emily out of the corner of her eye and smiled a little.  She was one of the good ones.
Chapter 8

Emily and Ace entered the EED floor of the precinct together.  Emily was in a black suit and she'd done herself up just enough to look professional.  Ace was in her uniform, no makeup.  She hated makeup.  It would be sometime before she was a plain clothes hero.  And she was glad for it.  That would involve way too much responsibility for her liking.
Coward.
No, I'm just practical.
Torment met them just outside the elevator doors.  "Ms. Carpenter, it is good to see you again.  I trust Ace is keeping you safe."
Emily smiled.  She flashed her newly printed Registered Exceptional License.  "Ace is doing her job well.  She tells me that you are looking for consultants on the Technosis HSO case."
"We are.  Come with me.  I'll take you to Captain Angel.  He and I are working together on this one," Torment replied and motioned Emily forward.  Ace went to her desk to look over her inbox.  She was interrupted by Left Hook.
"Damn, you brought in a nice one today Ace."  He was watching as Emily and Torment entered the captain's office.
"You do understand that she, Torment and the captain can hear everything you're thinking right?" Ace asked.  She gave Left Hook a flat look before returning to her work.
"Good, let her get a good idea of what I can do for her," Left Hook continued.  He stood watching Emily with a leer that would have gotten him slapped if she saw it.
There was a crack as the handle of Ace's chair broke off.  She absolutely hated when men treated women like that.  Left Hook looked down at the broken chair handle in Ace's hand, then up to her face.  She didn't know what he saw there, but it was enough to shut him up.  He left with his head bowed, not daring to make eye contact.
He's lucky that wasn't him.
Next time it might be.
"He's an ass," Maniac said as she stepped up to watch Left Hook walk away.
"I've found that most men like him are," Ace replied.  She stood and flipped her chair over.
"You going to report him?" Maniac asked.  She watched as Ace took the broken arm and reattached it.  "How did you do that?"
"I can vibrate the molecules fast enough on the two ends that they reattach.  Learned it in basic from a Speed Class after I broke a table," Ace said as she righted her chair and went back to work.
You forgot to mention you broke the table over someone's head.
She doesn't need to know that.
"You didn't answer my first question," Maniac said.  There was only a little electricity in her eyes.
Ace shrugged.  "He was leering at a friend of mine and a potential consultant for the Technosis HSO case.  She was with Torment.  They both probably know and the captain will be there to chew his ass."
"That's not what I'm talking about, Ace.  Left Hook did that to you.  He's pushing your buttons again," Maniac said.  She sat on Ace's desk, preventing her from working.  Ace looked up.  The lightning in her partner's eyes had intensified.  "What do you want me to do?  The guy is so scared of me that he tries to cover it by picking on me.  I've put up with it my whole life.   Bullies are everywhere.  The more they use their mouths the less they use their fists."
"Not denying that, but the rest of bullies in the world aren't stirring up someone like you.  I lose my temper and some gadgets get fried.  Torment loses hers and people have nightmares while wide awake.  I've seen what happens when you lose your temper Ace.  I'd rather you didn't have to deal with the aftermath of another Detroit," Maniac said.
Ace closed her mouth around her reply.  Maniac was right.  No one needed another incident like that.
"I'll talk to Torment about it.  See what she thinks," Ace agreed.  
Good idea.
Maniac stood with a nod.  "Good.  You're a good hero, Ace, and I'd hate you lose you as my partner."
"Thanks Maniac," Ace said.  And she meant it.  With her feeling like she'd never fit in it was nice to hear that more than just Torment wanted her in their unit.
It was over half an hour before Torment and Emily left the Captain's office.  Captain Angel did not look pleased as he started down the aisle towards Left Hook's desk.  Ace already had an incident report written up and was waiting to talk to Torment before sending it.  "Send it," Torment said once she was sitting next to Ace's desk.
She hit the send button and then breathed a sigh of relief.  "Left Hook crossed a line with those comments.  As of today he's on administrative leave," Torment explained.
 They heard Left Hook starting to shout.  The first words out of his mouth were not the smartest things he could have said, given the situation.  "I'll kill that bitch!"
Ace knew he didn't really mean it, but even idle threats against heroes were taken seriously.   There were more shouts, some incoherent.  It was a mess and she almost regretted her part in it.  "You did the right thing," Torment said.
Left Hook was escorted out by two Fortress Class and Captain Angel.  Ace didn't bother watching.  She already knew Left Hook was going to blame it all on her.  That was the way bullies were.  They blamed the victims when they got caught.  He would retaliate the only way he knew how, once he had the chance.  
"If he does then we will fire him.  That just makes him a Reg and not a very marketable one.  No one wants to take someone who was fired from the EED," Torment stated.
"No one but the HSO," Ace corrected her.  They all had to remember that now.  The HSO was a threat.  It was time for the EED to face the fact that there was a rival organization that wanted the exact opposite of everything the EED stood for.  
"There is that.  We will have Left Hook under surveillance.  Now would be the best time to try and recruit him," Torment agreed.
"I don't think you need to worry about him.  Left Hook is very much a bully, but his loyalty to the EED is stronger than you think.  He sees this as a just punishment for what he's done, at least deep down he does" Emily said.  They had both forgot she was sitting at Ace's desk.  She blushed at their looks of surprise and said, "I couldn't help it.  It was like he was shouting his thoughts into my head.  Being around Ace gives me a lot of control, but when someone is in that strong of a mental state there's nothing I can do."
"Well hopefully that will help with the questioning of the suspects.  We should probably be getting to that.  Do you need Ace there?" Torment asked.
Emily shook her head.  "My control is getting better.  The longer I'm around Ace the better it gets and the farther away I can be and still maintain that control.  I'll let you know if I need her there at any time."
"Very good.  Ace, keep your line open," Torment said.  She and Emily both stood and left.  Captain Angel came over not long after their departure.  "I thought we'd settled this after the last incident between you two.  Did you do anything to provoke him?"
He's really not happy.
Well after last time I'm not surprised.
"No sir," Ace replied.
"What made you report him this time?" he asked.
"Maniac made a good point," Ace said.
"What was that?"
"That having another incident like Detroit would be bad for the EED and my career," Ace replied.  
That's an understatement.
He grunted.  "I think it would be best if all of our people were reminded of that, just in case some of Left Hook's buddies decide to get a little payback."
"Whatever you think is best sir," Ace replied.  She didn't think Left Hook had any "buddies", but she wasn't going to argue with the captain.
He turned to leave and then paused.  "How'd the military handle it when people there tried to bully you?" he asked.
Ace really didn't want to answer that question, but then again she didn't want to have to put up with petty bullies either.  
Just tell him.
"My sergeant had each and every squad face off against me in a drill.  I was supposed to act as the 'enemy'.  Their job was to subdue me via any means possible.  They were armed for actual combat and we were put into a training facility.  My job was to not kill them.  It was simple, all they had to do was shoot me once."
"How many squads failed?" Captain Angel asked.  If what Emily said about her was true, he was probably able to see what had happened from Ace's memories.
"Enough," Ace replied.
Every last one of them.
"Until they got the point."
Ace nodded.  Not a one of them had been able to complete the mission.  It had stopped the bullying, but it had isolated her from the rest of the troops.  None of them felt comfortable around her after that.  And news of it spread down into the regular army, and up to the top brass.  Her sergeant had meant well.  He had been trying to prove a point and he'd done so, but it had only caused her more grief.
"I don't think I will be trying that," Angel said and walked away.  
That's probably for the best.
Ace went back to her paperwork.  She found herself hoping that she would get a chance to go on patrol with one of the normal officers.  It happened on occasion.  Heroes and patrol cops would team up for a day, especially if things had been slow for either department.  It was unlikely with two Anti cases in as many days, but she still found herself hoping.  She needed to get out of the office.
"Ace," she flinched at the sound of the voice that called her name.  It was Einstein.  "Have you had a chance to fire the prototype?"  Einstein was a very average fellow, a shade under six feet and somewhere around a hundred and eighty pounds.  The better than average looks of an Exceptional seemed odd on him, but she couldn't say why.
"Not yet.  None of the cases we've had recently have necessitated my use of firearms," Ace replied.
"I thought as much," he didn't sit when he got to her desk.  Einstein rarely sat down.  He was constantly in motion.  "That's why I've been upgrading the shielding around the firing range.  I've been working on incorporating a kinetic nullifying effect, like your own powers generate.  It hasn't exactly been easy.  I would like your help with some tests if you have the time."
You knew that was coming.
Ace looked at her now empty inbox and sighed.  "Sure," she agreed.
Chapter 9

"Okay so I've got the new shields up and activated.  First we'll try out the assault rifle prototype," Einstein's voice came over the intercom.  Ace nodded and lifted the rifle, put her sights down range and fired off a single shot.  The report was louder than it should have been and the bullet smashed into the kinetic barrier at a much higher velocity than Ace had ever seen from a standard .9mm round.
"You up the power on these rounds?" she asked.  Standard issue EED rounds did not have that kind of velocity.
"Sorry.  I forgot to mention I'm also having you test out some new rounds.  They aren't for the police.  One of my military friends asked for them.  I thought this would be a good chance to see what they could do.  Do you think the recoil will prove problematic?" Einstein replied.
Thanks for the warning!  I swear he does that on purpose.
You know he doesn't.  He's just got too much stuff bouncing around in his head.
"I can't really give good feedback on recoil Einstein, you know that," Ace replied.  Recoil had never been a factor for her.  Her ability to nullify kinetic energy combined with her strength made a good recoil test impossible.  Even if she turned them down, she couldn't turn off her reflex response and as a result as soon as she fired the rifle they would spring back up to full power.
"Right, right, sorry.  Could you give me a burst next?" 
Ace flipped the selector switch and fired off a burst.  Again the bullets slammed into the kinetic shielding with little effect on it.  "Good, now if you could go to full auto.  If you see any fluctuations in the field cease fire, otherwise empty the clip," Einstein said over the com.  
That was standard procedure, but he had to say it because all conversations in the range were recorded and if something were to go wrong the recordings would be consulted to make sure proper procedure was followed.  Ace flipped the selector one last time and pulled the trigger.  It didn't take long for the clip to empty.  To her surprise neither the shield nor the gun failed.
That's pretty impressive.
He's really put a lot of effort into that shield.
I meant the gun.  It held up.
"I think you might have it with this one," Ace said looking the weapon over for any minute stress fractures or damage.  She didn't see any and gave a thumbs up to the observation booth.
"Good.  Now I want to see if I have the shielding strong enough to stop that monster of a gun we took from Technosis," Einstein said.
This was what Ace was dreading.  "Are you sure this is a good idea?" she asked.  She remembered all too well what had happened the last time the hybrid weapon had been fired.
He can't be sure, you're the only person that would know.
"I've got all the blast shields in place behind the shielding.  In order to help protect people from that thing I need to see it in action," Einstein replied.
Suppressing a sigh Ace picked up the hybrid.  She rested the butt against her shoulder and after sighting at a slight downward angle said, "Fire in the hole!"  She pulled the trigger. 
The gun went off and Einstein swore.  Ace watched a spider web of energy crackle up the kinetic barrier from the impact point.  
Damn, I hate that thing.
You are not the only one.
She put the hybrid back down on its stand and made her way down range to see the damage.  "The shield stopped it, but?" Einstein trailed off.
Ace flipped on her device's camera and recorded what she saw.  The kinetic shield looked like a cracked windshield, but the round had stopped.  It was on the floor.  Ace recorded it all and then picked up the flattened round.  She didn't know what it was made of, but she imagined Einstein would want it.  She sent the video to Einstein and walked back to the shooter's end of the range.  
"Ace, if I thought you could truly appreciate these readings I'd ask you to come up and take a look.  I don't know who, or what, built that thing but I'm damn glad you are the one using it," Einstein said.
Ace wasn't insulted by Einstein's assumption that she wouldn't appreciate the readings.  It was true, she probably wouldn't.  Understanding weapons was one thing, grasping all the science behind something like the hybrid was another.  All that mattered to her was making sure that they had a way of defending against such a weapon.  "Einstein, you might want to look into a self-replicating shield.  I think one of the Regs we rescued from Technosis might be able to help," Ace said remembering the night they'd found the hybrid weapon.
I didn't think you'd noticed that.
I couldn't help but notice it, all my senses went into overdrive after being hit.
"That is an excellent idea," Einstein said.  There was a pause and then he said, "That's all for today.  Both of these will be under your name for now on.  Now that I have a working alloy for you I'll also be putting together a sidearm for you.  You'd prefer a nine, right?" 
Ace responded affirmatively.  The .9 mm was a family tradition.  "I'll have it ready in a couple of days.  This alloy is a little tricky to work with."
Never heard him call something tricky.  Kind of makes you wonder.
No it doesn't.  Not at all.
Ace waved a hand in thanks and then left the firing range.  The tests hadn't taken nearly as much time as she'd been hoping, or maybe dreading, but at least a good part of her shift was done.  

Back at her desk she did mindless tasks, just trying to keep from going crazy from boredom.  They were in a holding pattern, just waiting for another incident.  Word had spread quickly through the heroes about the HSO.  It was like they were all holding their breath.  Everyone was on edge, tense for that call that would send them out against another group of crazed Antis.  
That was what made the waiting worse than normal; two Antis in a row driven over the edge by the HSO.  And that was just in their jurisdiction.  Among the fifty police precincts there were five EED offices.  All of them had reported Anti activity over the last few days.  
To make matters more complicated the second had been given followers to use.  Before, when the HSO had just been a rumor some of the heroes had sympathized with their ideals on some level.  That illusion had been shattered after finding out what had been done to Technosis and the other technomancer she'd brought in.  If the HSO was willing to experiment on Exceptionals then they were no better than every other terrorist organization out there.
"Hey rookie, you willing to go a few rounds?" Ace looked up to see Bulldog leaning over her desk.
Bulldog was the senior most Fortress Class in their precinct.  He was a good natured guy, never letting the younger officers get under his skin.  He also never let it bother him that a woman a third of his size was more than his equal.  Ace nodded.  She knew that Bulldog was tough enough to spar with her without undue risk of injury.  She would just have to be careful.
They went to the training room and after a quick warm up went at it.  Bulldog was a dirty fighter, but Ace was prepared for that.  Her years in the military had taught her to be just as dirty.  Even with his tricks Bulldog wouldn't have been much of a challenge for her.  He wasn't nearly as strong as Tomahawk, but he was unrelenting.  
Ace wasn't sure how long they'd been working out when the captain showed up and said, "Bulldog, we need you upstairs.  Your unit just got a call."
The huge Exceptional nodded and left.  Still feeling too pent up to sit at her desk, Ace went to her heavy bag.  Again it was a special piece that Einstein had come up with.  She had no idea what it was made out of, but it absorbed a good portion of her force when she hit it, so it lasted fairly well, even when she was worked up; this was only her second one that month.
As she worked she realized the captain was still there.  "You need me for something captain?" she asked, not letting up on her workout.
"We might have some answers, but it's going to take time to figure things out.  I'm going to need you to escort Ms. Carpenter as she goes and questions people," replied.
She didn't like the sound of that at all.  "She was put in my house so I could keep an eye on her in the safest place in the city.  Wouldn't it be better to bring the people here?"
"We can't afford to.  There is a high level of paranoia in the Exceptionals community.  The Regs are all nervous, tense.  Some jackass over at the Times got wind of the HSO angle and printed a BS story.  If we start bringing them in word will spread and so will the paranoia.  We have to go to them.  I don't like it any more than you do.  It puts you and her in a dangerous position, but we have to get this information," he said.  Ace could see the frustration on his face.
"When do we start?" she asked.
"On your way home.  There are a few that live close to you.  Ms. Carpenter has picked who she will speak with first," the captain said.  
Ace nodded and kept at the bag.  It baffled people that she worked out as often and as hard as she did.  "You have powers, why do you need to work out?" they always asked.  For her the answer was simple; what if?  What if there came a day when she didn't have access to her powers?  What if someone eventually found her weakness, something all Exceptionals had, and used it against her?  She wouldn't be able to rely on her powers then.  She would only have her training to fall back on.
After another hour of training Ace showered and went back to her desk.  Emily was waiting for her.  "Feel better?" she asked as Ace sat down.
"Not really, but I don't think there's much that will help right now," Ace replied as she glanced at her still empty inbox.  
Nothing short of the end of the HSO.
Pretty much.
"If you're feeling up to it Captain Angel has given us leave to start early with our questioning," Emily said.  "There are quite a few names.  We've divided them up between myself, Torment and the captain."
Ace agreed to leave, just to get out of the tension in the office.  She wasn't sure how some of the others were able to handle it so calmly.  She and Emily went to the parking garage where Ace's truck was parked.  It gave her a perverse sense of pleasure to drive a huge vehicle like her truck.  It was heavily modified and given as much security as her house, again thanks to the Eastern European League.  
"Here's the first address," Emily said.  She plugged her device into the truck's computer, pulling up a LiveMap.  Ace saw that it wasn't too far from her place.
In the early afternoon traffic the drive took about twenty minutes.  It was at the end of a col-de-sac, an almost idyllic neighborhood that Ace had a hard time believing actually existed.  
They went to the door side-by-side.  Ace was in her uniform and Emily was sporting a badge that identified her as a NDPD consultant.  They only waited a few moments after ringing the bell before a woman answered the door.
"Yes?" she asked.  Her voice was the type that made you feel warm inside.  She had the kind of build that spoke of years of comfort.  In one arm was an infant that she was gently rocking.  The motion seemed completely unconscious on her part.
"Mrs. Holander?" Emily asked.
"Yes, what I can I do for you?" the woman replied.
"We are from the EED.  We were wondering if we could talk to your husband for a few minutes," Emily continued.  She was wearing a polite smile and her voice was calm and reassuring.
She's a PR rep, what would you expect?
"Of course," Mrs. Holander allowed them in and said, "Wait here I'll go and tell him you're here."
"Thank you," Emily said, still smiling.  They were left in a well-lit foyer.  The dcor was simple and clean.  
"Do you know this guy?" Ace asked quietly.  She kept her eyes moving.
Emily shook her head.  "He works in the law firm on the floor below my company."
Ace didn't like the idea of dealing with a lawyer, especially a Reg lawyer, but she was just here as backup.  Emily would be doing all the talking.  A few minutes of waiting and Mr. Holander joined them in the entryway.  "Can I help you?" he asked.
Right out the gate Mr. Holander put Ace at ease.  She just wanted to trust him.  That should have put her on her guard.  She had no idea what his power profile was, having never consulted the Reg database, but she liked to think that Emily would have warned her if this guy was a potential problem.  "Yes Mr. Holander.  We are here to ask you a few questions about the recent incident at the building where your firm is located," Emily said.
"Of course, please come in.  Charlene could you get us something to drink?"  Mr. Holander seemed genuinely interested in helping, which also upped Ace's estimation of him as a person.
Not all Regs are morons.
It's nice to be reminded of that every once in a while.
In the living room Ace and Emily took the couch while Mr. Holander took one of the overstuffed recliners.  They were joined my Mrs. Holander who was carrying a tray with glasses full of water.  Ace was amused by the ice in her glass.  She could feel the difference between hot days, and cold, but it didn't affect her. 
"I don't know if there's much I can tell you.  I only heard about what happened," Mr. Holander began.
"That's alright, we are actually looking into anyone who knew the Anti involved.  But before we begin, by law, I must tell you that I am a consultant working for the EED and I am an upper-tier, Mental Class," Emily said.  She handed her newly printed credentials to Mr. Holander who looked them over carefully before handing them back.
"Very well, I have nothing to hide so you have my permission to use your powers as you feel necessary during our interview," Mr. Holander said.  He was still totally relaxed, though his wife looked tense.  She was clearly a normal and not comfortable with the casual talk of using powers in her home.
Most normals would be uncomfortable.
She's married to an Exceptional, surely this isn't the first time they've had others in their house.
That doesn't mean she's used to it.
"Thank you for your cooperation," Emily said.  "Now the Anti involved called himself Technosis, but before he was known as Jim Parker, a Registered, Third Generation technomancer."
"No way, that was Jim?" Mr. Holander looked dumbfounded.
"So you knew him?"
"Yeah, Jim and I were golfing buddies.  Most weekends and whenever we could both get time off we'd try to get a round in," he explained.  "I haven't seen him in, man, over a year.  Do you know what happened to him?"
"How familiar are you with the Homo Superior Organization, Mr. Holander?" Emily asked.
He sat back in his chair, a look of horror on his face.  "Are you telling me what the Times printed was true?"
Hell.
Whoever wrote that story needs his ass kicked.
"At this time we have only found two people directly involved with the HSO here in New Davenport.  We have absolutely nothing that points to them having a large presence here, nor do we feel that the Exceptionals community as a whole is in danger," Ace replied.  That was the NDPD and the EED's official statement on the issue.  Torment had let her know just before they'd left the precinct.  
Mr. Holander looked at her, recognition blooming across his face.  "The Fifth?  The Fifth is in my home?"
Mrs. Holander turned a little paler at her husband's question.  Ace gave a reluctant nod of agreement.  "That is correct.  I am Ace, the only member of the Fifth Generation."
With a smile Mr. Holander stood and offered his hand.  "It is a pleasure to meet you, Ace."
That's a refreshing change.
More than a little taken aback Ace shook the offered hand and said, "It's nice to meet you."
Smooth.
Shut up.
Mr. Holander looked like he wanted to ask her dozens of questions, but Emily cleared her throat and he said, "I'm sorry.  Please, continue."  
"Was Mr. Parker acting strange at all in the months prior to his vacation?" Emily asked.
"Not any more than usual.  He'd always get a little upset after seeing Tomahawk speak, or if he read an article by that idiot Vince Jones, but other than that things seemed fine," Mr. Holander replied.  His expression was again serious and focused.
Vince and Tomahawk, that guy was asking for trouble.
It was like he was looking for ways to piss himself off.
Vince Jones was a well-known and very vocal opponent of Exceptionals.  He was Tomahawk's opposite in so many ways.
"Did he have any other known Exceptional friends?" 
"I couldn't really tell you.  He never really talked about his other friends out on the course.  I think he mentioned a girlfriend once, but that's about it," he replied.
Emily nodded and looked over her notebook.  "Well I think that's everything.  Thank you for your time Mr. and Mrs. Holander."
Ace and Emily began to rise, but Mr. Holander held up a hand and said, "Wait, do I need to worry about Homo Superior trying to come after me?"
Emily looked at Ace.  She shook her head.  "I don't think so.  You seem pretty satisfied with your job and life.  From what we've been able to gather the HSO likes to target people who are disgruntled, people who want to bring about changes.  But if you have suspicions about someone, please let the EED know."
At least he'll be smart enough to know the difference between a telemarketer and potential contact with the HSO.
I sure as hell hope so.
Mr. Holander nodded.  "Thank you."
Again Ace and Emily stood and Mr. Holander escorted them to the door.  They said goodbye and left.  Back in Ace's truck Emily said, "That was easier than I expected."
Ace pulled out of the Holander's driveway.  "I'm glad for that.  Did you get anything else from him?"
"He's clean.  The worst secret he has is occasionally going to a strip club with his work buddies," Emily replied.  
"Hardly illegal," Ace said as she drove away.  "You want to try a couple more?"
"Sure," Emily replied.

Three hours and four visits later they went back to Ace's.  "I didn't think questioning people would be quite this tiring," Emily said as she kicked off her shoes.  Oddly enough even after a few days it felt like she belonged there.
Ace laughed.  "There's a reason I'm still just a uniform.  Detective work is hard, even for someone like me.  Just be glad it was only for a few hours and not all damn day."
"You mind if I use the gym?" Emily asked.
"Knock yourself out.  I got a good workout in at work so it's all yours," Ace replied.  "I'll get dinner ready."
"Thanks, I kind of missed lunch," Emily replied.  Ace just shook her head and waved Emily away.  "Go workout, just don't pass out."
Emily smiled and went down stairs.  Ace turned to the kitchen and began getting dinner made.  She had to admit it was kind of nice having a roommate.  It was also nice that their friendship seemed so natural.  Ace didn't have many friends and Emily was fast becoming her closest.
About damn time.

The next few days were eerily quiet for the officers of the EED.  Other than the one case that Bulldog's unit had been called in on, there were no other calls for hero intervention.  It was like the entire city was holding its breath, waiting for something to happen.  It put most of the police on edge, even the normals.  
Ace and Emily spent most of their time questioning Regs trying to find out more information on Technosis.  They'd encountered mixed results.  Most of the subjects were willing enough; they just didn't have any useful information.  Some had become belligerent, forcing Ace to arrest a few.  They were on their way to yet another name on their list when an explosion hit the truck.  
Chapter 10

The force of the blast rolled the heavy vehicle twice.  Ace was disoriented by the sudden impact.  One of the major problems with having heightened senses, sometimes they could get overwhelmed.  She had to wait until the truck stopped rolling before she could get a handle on the situation.  Her truck had ended up on its passenger side.  She killed the engine and checked on Emily.  Her friend was unconscious, but breathing.  The truck's safety systems had done their job.  Ace made sure there were no serious injuries other than the gash in Emily's head, before climbing up and taking a look out of the smashed driver's side window.
Guns started firing as soon as her head came in view.  That annoyed her.  She always hated getting shot.  She didn't dare leave the truck to track down the shooter, judging by the number of rounds it was probably shooters.  Whoever had thrown the bomb would be expecting that.  Instead she ducked back inside and made sure Emily was protected.  She dialed 911 on her device.
"911 emergency, what is the nature of your call?" asked the woman who answered.
"This is Hero Ace from Hero Unit twelve ninety.  I'm currently under fire at the intersection of Fortieth and Telegraph.  There are an unknown number of gunmen and I have a wounded Reg with me," Ace said.  She had to shout over the sound of bullets pounding into the undercarriage of her truck.
"I have your GPS signal, Hero Units will be dispatched immediately," the dispatcher said.  Ace could hear the sudden urgency in the woman's voice.  Apparently Detective Allen had had a talk with the dispatchers.
"Thank you.  I advise extreme caution.  My truck was hit by an explosive of an unknown type," Ace added.  "There is a high possibility that there is a powerful Energy Class leading this attack."
"Affirmative, we will dispatch Duck and Cover's unit," the woman said.  
That was the best Ace could do.  Now she had to settle in and wait for her fellow heroes to show up.  For the first time she wished that Einstein had been able to finish her sidearm.  Maybe the sight of her with a gun would have scared at least a few of them off.  
Her thoughts were interrupted as yet another blast slammed into the truck.  This one wasn't nearly as powerful as the first.  Instead of lifting the truck it spun it around.  Ace was glad she had picked Emily up as sparks flew from the metal grinding across the pavement.  
This was a bad situation.  As long as she had Emily she couldn't run effectively, their difference in height made it too awkward, it would leave her friend too exposed.  In the brief look she'd taken she'd been unable to spot any of the shooters.
Another blast rocked the truck.  This one nearly turned it on its roof.  Whoever was throwing around explosions either didn't have a lot of control on their power, or they were just trying to rattle her.  Ace did her best to brace the truck against further blasts while still keeping Emily as protected as she could.
At last she heard sirens over the gunfire.  It was a relief, but she didn't relax.  Instead she braced herself against a last ditch attempt by her attackers.  Sure enough it came in the form of an explosion that was more powerful than the first.  It sent her truck tumbling through the air; Ace lost track of which way was up as she was thrown around the cabin.  In the chaos she did her best to shield Emily.
Remarkably the truck landed back on its wheels.  Once Ace was again reoriented she realized the only sound she could hear were the approaching sirens.  She checked Emily for any further injuries.  The other woman didn't look like she was any worse shape, but there could be internal bleeding that Ace couldn't see or feel.  She just hoped whoever had been attacking them was long gone when the ambulance arrived.

Ace always hated hospitals.  They reminded her too much of the labs where she'd spent a good deal of her childhood.  White walls, brilliant white lights, people in scrubs and lab coats and the almost nauseating smell of disinfectant.
At least no one here wants to try and take samples of you.
Anyone tries that again and they'll lose an arm.
Not that anyone else knew about the attempted experiments on her.  All of it had been erased, including who she really was.  Only a few people were supposed to know.  She preferred it that way.  Antis couldn't use her family against her if they didn't know who her family was.  This situation served as a reminder of that.  She'd been hard pressed to keep Emily safe, let alone trying to stop the attack.
You need her just as much as she needs you.  You can't throw this one away.
I might not have a choice in the matter.
She thought all this over while she waited in the hallway outside of Emily's room.  Torment and Moses were in the room conversing.  Ace could almost hear, but she didn't care to.  She just wanted to be sure that her friend was going to be okay.
It wasn't long before Torment and Moses stepped back into the hallway.  "Emily will survive.  She suffered a concussion, but other than that she just has bruises," Torment said, much to Ace's relief.
Moses nodded to Ace and then walked down the hall.  He wasn't a member of the EED, but ran the Exceptionals Wing of Genesis West Medical Facility and had permission to use his powers while on the hospital campus.  It and its sister facility, Genesis East, were just two of the many hospitals that served the Greater New Davenport Area. "Moses took care of the worst of it.  The rest will heal on its own.  She'll be able to leave in a little while."
Ace nodded her thanks.  
"What happened?" Torment asked.
"We were going to the next name on our list.  An explosion hit the driver's side of my truck.  Once I figured out which way was up I checked Emily and then tried to get a good view of the situation.  I wasn't able to spot any of the shooters from my position so I called it in and hunkered down to wait," Ace replied.  She was tired.  It wasn't a physical tired; her body had hardly done anything.  It was an emotional tired; the stress of the situation leaving her exhausted and irritable.
"From the sounds of it you were hit by an Anti squad.  Likely they were going after Emily, but they might have been trying to kill you both," Torment said.  Ace nodded.  She was used to this kind of thing.  Antis were always trying to figure out her weakness, the one thing that could hurt or kill her.
Torment sat down.  She looked tired.  "Captain Angel and I think we have tracked down the HSO mole that recruited Jim Parker.  We are having trouble tracking her though.  For now I want you and Emily to go home and rest.  You are going home under heavy escort.  We can't afford to lose either of you at this point in the investigation.  The captain and I are going to need her help to track down that mole."
Ace didn't bother arguing.  She wanted to, but what Torment was saying made sense.  Right now she needed rest more than anything.  "You can go in and talk to your friend now," Torment said once Ace agreed.
Emily's room was just like every other hospital room Ace had ever seen.  A flat-screen TV bolted to the wall, a window with gauzy curtains and a bed surrounded by machines.  It also smelled like disinfectant.  Emily was sitting up in her bed.  None of the machines were hooked up to her.  There was a bandage wrapped around her head.  "That's three times now I owe you my life, Ace," she said.
"I'm just glad you're okay," Ace tried to hold back the tears, but they came anyway.  She sat in the chair next to the bed and leaned against her one real friend.  She tried her best to fight back the flashbacks that were running through her head.
She's fine.  Now just worry about keeping her that way.
Emily stroked her hair and said, "I'm fine, Ace.  Moses has given me a relatively clean bill of health.  All that's left are some bruises."
Ace did her best to get herself under control so she could explain.  "Ace I understand.  I know you pretty well by now.  It makes me happy to know I have a friend like you.  And no I don't blame you and you shouldn't blame yourself.  You are amazing, but even you, with all your power, have limitations."
Ace nodded, grateful that Emily could read her thoughts.  Emily was like the family she couldn't allow herself to have.  That made her pause, why was she allowing herself to get close to someone when she had spent her entire career avoiding friendships and any kind of family ties?  
"Ace everyone needs to have someone in their life, even you.  I should say especially you.  And don't forget I made the decision to involve myself.  I'm not going to allow you to take that from me.  This was something I chose for myself.  I was well aware of the risks that would come from being your friend, so no trying to drive me off or scare me away.  I know what's going on in your head almost as well as you do."
What did I tell you?
Ace nodded and wiped her eyes.  "Thank you Emily," she said.  
"Again, I'm the one that should be thanking you.  Three times you've saved my life," Emily said.
Just then Moses walked in.  He was short and skinny.  His round face was set in a perpetual look of surprise.  The glasses he wore were to help keep his powers in check.  He wasn't technically classified as a Used, but he needed a little extra assistance.  "Oh, Ace good to see you.  Did you want me to do a check on you just in case?"
Moses was always looking for a chance to examine her.  He was set on finding what made her a Fifth.  She always let him and he never found anything, but Moses was nothing if not determined.  "If you want," she said.  She refrained from sighing, or shaking her head.  Moses meant well.
He just wants the same answers that we all want.
I just wish he didn't want to examine me every time I see him.
"Thank you.  Now just stand up and I'll take a look," Moses said.  
Ace stood; arms at her side, relaxed.  Moses moved his glasses down and his eyes glowed green.  Ace didn't feel anything as he studied her.  It only took a minute for him to finish.  His eyes stopped glowing and he replaced his glasses with a rueful smile.  "You are in perfect health, as usual.  No sign at all that you were hit by an incendiary device, bullets and if I heard correctly an experimental weapon that made Einstein swear."
Ace shrugged.  "Did you expect anything less?"
Moses laughed.  "No, not at all.  I remember doing your scan after you had a building fall on you.  I was hoping to maybe catch a glimpse as to why you are what you are, which I think in turn would help us all understand the Exceptionals, but as usual you appear like a normal everyday human."
Ace couldn't help but laugh.  That was the typical reaction from all Life Class Exceptionals that studied her and the rest of the Exceptional Phenomenon.  DNA tests, blood work, hormone tests all came up negative for any irregularities.  Not even the oldest of the Exceptionals, Firsts who had survived even the Exceptionals War, showed any internal signs of aging.  They aged to a certain point and then stopped somewhere between forty and fifty.  It still wasn't certain if Exceptionals could die of old age.
"Anyway you are both free to go.  Ms. Carpenter, I would advise you take it easy for the next day or two.  Both of you go home and get some rest," Moses said.  He gave Ace a look.
It's like he's dealt with you before.
Yeah, yeah.
"I'm already under orders to take it easy," Ace replied raising her hands.
"Good," he said.  He nodded to them both and then left.
"I'll wait out in the hall," Ace said.
"I'll just be a minute," Emily replied.
Torment was still waiting outside the door.   She'd been joined by the rest of Ace's team.  There was an awkward silence before Maniac said, "Einstein and I'll get your truck back up and running soon."
"I appreciate it.  I can forward you its schematics if you want," Ace said.  She didn't think Maniac needed them, but she felt it necessary to offer them.
"Sure," Maniac agreed with a smile.
"Are you sure you're okay Ace?" Deuce asked.  He looked genuinely concerned for her.
"I'll be okay.  I've been in worse situations," Ace replied.
"We all know that kid, doesn't mean we don't worry about you.  We take care of our own," Jacks said.  Ace couldn't help it; she reached out and pulled Jacks into a quick hug.  "Thank you, all of you."
I hope this eliminates your fears about them accepting you.
It definitely helps, that's for sure.
Emily came out as Ace was releasing Jacks.  She smiled, but kept her thoughts to herself.  "Ms. Carpenter, I'm glad to see you are well," Torment said.
Emily shrugged.  "So am I."
"On behalf of the EED, I and my team apologize for putting you in harm's way.  Such a situation, while impossible to predict, was an unacceptable level of risk for someone who is not a trained EED officer," Torment said.  It was an official statement.  Ace knew that Torment actually meant it.
"Thank you, Torment.  You can inform the EED that I appreciate their concern and that I am still more than willing to work with them as a consultant," Emily replied.  Ace gave her credit for bravery.  Not many people, Exceptional or not, could handle a situation like what they'd just gone through.
Tougher than she looks.
No kidding.
"Are you sure?" Torment asked.
Emily nodded.  "Absolutely.  My life has been in danger ever since the Technosis incident.  I have spent too much of my life feeling powerless.  I want to help."
"Very well, I will let my superiors know.  And thank you Emily for all you have done.  Your assistance has been invaluable."
Maniac checked her device and said, "Their ride should be here."
Torment nodded.  "We have a security detachment to escort you home.  We think the Anti that hit you was Mayhem, so we brought Duck and Cover to keep you shielded until you arrive."
"We also have an armed escort.  Whoever took a shot at you is going to have a hell of a time with it if they try again," Jacks added.  He was pissed.  They all were.  Someone had attacked one of their own that made it personal.  That really made it sink in for Ace that her team actually accepted her
Again, I told you so.
"Alright everyone, let's move," Torment said after checking her own device.  
Once they reached the lobby weapons were drawn by Ace's teammates and she could see a heavy personnel carrier waiting for them.  It was the type used by the military when they were sending soldiers into hot-zones where they expected Exceptionals to be involved.  In the driver's seat was Bulldog and next to him was Duck and Cover.  She smiled and waved at Ace.  It was hard to get Duck and Cover down.
There were two smaller, heavily armed personnel carriers waiting as well, both carrying armed members of the EED.  It was a little embarrassing for Ace, but she knew it was more for the sake of Emily than for her.  If she'd been by herself she would have just flown home and called it good.  It also made her angry.  She wanted to hunt down Mayhem and the one who hired him and beat the hell out of them.
Right idea, wrong time.
He's not getting away from me this time.
"Easy Ace, you'll get your chance soon enough," Torment said.  She placed a hand on Ace's shoulder as a calming gesture.  
They loaded into the carrier and Ace buckled herself in.  With a police escort it was still a half-hour drive to her house from Genesis West.  She settled down to wait, doing what she could to keep her temper in check.  A few days rest and she would be back in action.
Chapter 11

After two days of recuperation Moses declared Emily and Ace both fit to return to action.  Ace was pretty certain his visit was just another excuse to scan her, just in case something had changed.  
That same morning Maniac had delivered Ace's completely repaired, and upgraded, truck.  There was now a weapons rack in the main console, wherein was stored an assault rifle, two sidearms and two extra clips for each.  Einstein had also installed the newest version of his kinetic shield with a sincere wish that it would never be tested.  Ace shared that sentiment.  Getting her truck hit by explosions once was more than enough.
Ace had reasons for wanting to get out of the house, other than the drive to find Mayhem.  Having to stay at home seemed to aggravate her PTSD.  Her nightmares had been much worse during her two days of forced rest.
Their drive that morning was quiet.  They both spent their time looking out the windows, worried about another attack.  Fortunately, they arrived at Third Street Precinct without incident.  
Inside they were greeted with well wishes from the normal police.  "We've got our eyes open.  Those bastards are going to pay for what they did," one of the older officers said just as Ace and Emily were entering the elevator.
"Thank you," Ace said feeling a little surprised.  Apparently Mayhem's attack on her and Emily had eased some of the tension between the officers of the EED and the normal police.  
"You just let us know what we can do," the officer continued and nodded, allowing the elevator doors to close.
"Well at least something good came from this," Emily said as the elevator ascended.  
Amen.
"I just hope we can find a way to make it last.  There is only so much crossover we can do.  Bringing normals in against Antis on a regular basis is a good way to get a lot of people hurt or killed," Ace said.  
Emily shrugged.  "They want to help.  Like me they, well most of them, understand the risks.  You saw the video."
Ace grunted in response.  Apparently someone had recorded the entire attack on her truck with their device and posted it online.  While it had been a tough thing to go through inside the truck, actually watching it happen had been worse.  Bullets had hammered her truck and the surrounding pavement in an almost relentless stream occasionally punctuated by the blasts from Mayhem.  
The video had been conclusive proof that the mercenary Anti was the one responsible.  His energy blasts always had distinct red-black color to them.  Now they just had to find him and whoever hired him.
Up in the EED offices they were greeted by more well-wishers. They congratulated Ace on her bravery and asked after Emily's health.  It was a little embarrassing, at least for Ace.  She never handled praise and well-wishes very well
You don't handle most social situations well.  And it's partly your own fault.
Don't start, not right now.
Once they had worked their way through the crowd of officers, Ace and Emily reported to Captain Angel's office.  He had them both sit and after asking about their health he said, "I have two jobs for you.  The first is for you, Ms. Carpenter.  We have brought in some of the people that you, myself and Torment spoke with.  I want you to go over some other questions and show them the picture of Mayhem.  His face isn't well known outside of the EED.  I want to see if it triggers a reaction from anyone.
"Ace I want you on air patrol.  Check anywhere the HSO, or Mayhem might be holing up.  If you find them you are use whatever means necessary to neutralize them and bring them in.  You are to protect civilian life and property whenever possible, but any Exceptional not in this building is a suspect until they have conclusively proven otherwise.  The mayor and Bones are going to be announcing Exceptional Lock Down and the implementation of Article Two this morning."
"Yes sir," Ace said in response.  This wasn't Ace's first time being assigned to flight patrol.  With Lock Down and Article Two in effect the EED was going to have an easier time dealing with potential HSO threats, but it was going to make the rest of the populace nervous.  Lock Down prevented Regs from using their powers unless they were assisting the EED directly.  Article Two allowed the heroes more leeway in using their powers to stop Antis.
"You want me in full armor?" she asked.
"No.  I want you in plain clothes and your badge, no weapons, no armor.  We need to try and draw them out and making you look vulnerable might do it.  Ms. Carpenter, I know it's going to be uncomfortable for you but we are going to have to isolate you in the interrogation rooms until Ace finishes her patrol.  The upper floors of this building are secure, but not enough to stop someone like Mayhem.  We still don't know which one of you was the actual target.  What we do know is that it wasn't the HSO.  Mayhem hates them just as much as he hates the EED"
"What's his reason?" Emily asked.  Inside the EED Mayhem's motivations were well known, but Emily was new and this was the first time the mercenary had shown up in a while.
"He says we failed to protect someone.  He'll never say who, but he says the laws we enforce are corrupt.  He's a survivor of the Exceptionals War and, like some of the other survivors, he didn't like what came out of that conflict.  Over time he's vilified the EED.  We've just never been able to catch him," the captain replied.
Emily's expression changed.  "Is Ace going to be okay?  I only vaguely remember the explosion that hit the truck and I'm assuming that was Mayhem."
Ace shrugged.  "I've squared off against Mayhem before.  He didn't beat me then, there's not a chance he can now."
"Pride before the fall Ace," Angel said only partially joking.
She nodded.  Every Exceptional had limits, they all had vulnerabilities, weaknesses.  Just because Ace hadn't found hers yet didn't mean it didn't exist.  The captain had every right to remind her of that.  "Okay, Ace keep your device on you just in case your team needs you.  Then if you would please escort Ms. Carpenter to the interrogation rooms before you leave.  Torment is waiting for her."  Recognizing the dismissal, they left Angel's office.
They made a quick stop at Ace's desk where she shrugged out of her armor and hung it from the back of her chair.  She grabbed her badge and clipped it to her belt.  She unholstered her sidearm and put it in her top desk drawer.  "Alright, shall we?"  She asked turning to Emily.
Together they went back to the elevator and headed into the basement.  They were both quiet on the ride down.  The doors opened and Torment was waiting with her arms crossed.  She was dressed in business casual, as usual on interrogation days.  She smiled when she saw them.  "It is good to see you both up and about."
"It's good to be up and about.  If I had to be confined to my house for another day I was going to lose it," Ace replied.
"At least you had company," Torment said.
"That only works if the company won't go crazy right along with you, and I was about to.  I've never been forced to stay inside, at least not since I was a child.  Can't say I'm a fan," Emily said.  
It's amazing how unbearable something can be when you are forced into it.
Sorry.
It's fine.  We'll figure it out.
Torment laughed and said, "I'm glad you are here.  Ace, I'll take it from here.  You don't have a particular beat to fly.  The captain just wants you out and about, as visible to the public eye as possible as an enforcer of order and an officer of the law.  Especially with Lock Down and Article Two coming into effect."
Ace nodded.  She punched (not literally) the button for the ground floor.  Once she was outside she took a deep breath and physics started to bend a bit.  Her breath brought her the smells of the city.  Of all her heightened senses smell was the strongest.  She could pick out individual scents from miles away.  Gas from cars, garbage from the alleys, the faintest whiff of the sewer, the powerful smell of the Mississippi, cologne, perfume, body odor, food of various types, all wrapped together into the smell of home.  
In that mix of smells she caught only the faintest hint of what she was after.  She'd made a call that morning and she'd just received her answer.
That happened faster than I'd expected.  I think he misses you.
He's got an odd way of showing it.
She took to the air and headed in the general direction of what she had smelled.  Ace took her time.  She started into her patrol, wanting to take time to gather herself before acting on what her senses had told her.
As she moved through the morning air she heard crimes being committed.  She called them in.  Her job wasn't to stop the crimes; it was to report them to those who could.  Unless of course there were Exceptionals involved.
Muggings, domestic disputes, drug deals; they all passed by her eyes and ears and she passed locations and descriptions back to dispatch.  It was going to eventually mean many hours spent in a courtroom waiting to testify of what she'd saw and heard, but that too was part of the job.  
After two solid hours of flying Ace finally made her way to the scent she had picked up when she'd first left the precinct.  It was a bakery on First Street with a perfect view of Monument Park and the river.  Ace had read about what this area had been like before the Exceptionals War.  The river was polluted and flooded almost regularly.  Davenport had been just a part of a group of towns that shared this patch of river, the one place where the mighty Mississippi had flowed east to west for any significant distance.
The Exceptionals War had devastated it all.  There had been an active military installation, an arsenal, right on the river and the Anti-Registration Army had leveled most of the area, killing thousands.  After the war the EED had moved in and New Davenport was founded.  
Now it was a thriving city, constantly growing and advancing.  Thanks to Exceptionals like Hellfire and Boon the river was clean and safely contained.  Downtown was a historic site, filled with monuments and memorials to those who had fallen in the war.
For a long time there had been a great deal of understandable tension between Exceptionals and normals.  Exceptionals like Hellfire and Einstein had put a great deal of effort towards easing that tension.  Einstein had done a huge service to the city by creating Monument Park.  He'd personally designed and oversaw the construction of the different memorials there, including the Monument to the Fallen, a huge white obelisk with the names of all the normals who had been killed during the war.
At first, Monument Park had been dedicated completely to the normals.  When the normals had built the Wall of Heroes, honoring the Exceptionals that had fought the ARA the true healing had begun.  Now New Davenport was one of the few cities in North America where it could be said that normals and Exceptionals co-existed in relative peace.
After taking a moment to look at the monuments Ace entered the bakery.  It was still early enough in the day for much of the bread and pastries to be considered fresh.  Almost all the seats were empty.  
She spotted who she was looking for sitting in his usual spot.  He was an unassuming gentleman with gray hair and a weathered face.  Anyone looking at him would have assumed that he was just another retiree spending his days reminiscing.  Ace knew better.
"Long time since you've come here kid," he said as Ace joined him. 
"Been a long time since I've needed help," Ace replied.
The old man snorted.  "I sure as hell hope you don't mean Mayhem.  The only reason he got away from you in Egypt was because he blew the whole damned building up with you still inside."
Of course he knows about that.
Is there anything he doesn't know?
Probably not.
Ace shook her head.  "I'm not worried about Mayhem, I'm worried about why he's decided to show up now.  We've got too much evidence pointing to heavy HSO activity in town and all the sudden Mayhem shows up?  No, something else is going on here, and I need to find out what."
"You ain't a detective kid.  Get that boss of yours off her pretty ass and in gear," he replied.
Watch your mouth old man.
"Right, because she's just been sitting and doing nothing for the past week," Ace said with a roll of her eyes.  "Torment and Angel are both busy, plus we've got another on the case with us."
"Yeah I heard about her.  Being around you nearly got her killed."
"You know that I don't control people's actions," Ace retorted.  
"Like hell you don't.  Just being in the same room as you changes the way people would normally act.  It doesn't matter if you intend it or not.  That is the consequence of your existence," he snapped right back.
Ace only just kept her temper.  "And I will never tell anyone they can't use their powers for the betterment of others."
"That's Tomahawk talking.  Look at where all his noble intentions got him."
You made him old man.
"And who trained him?" she growled.  That made the old man flinch, he had treated Tomahawk like a son.  Tomahawk's murder had been hard on him.  That was one of the reasons Ace hadn't been punished for what she'd done.  
"You probably already know, but the EED now has possession of the weapon responsible for killing Tomahawk.  It's one of my service weapons, now," Ace said.
"The hell they doing keepin' it for?  I say burn the damned thing.  You sure as hell don't need it," he said with a look of utmost disgust.  Ace would have responded but one of the girls from the counter came and poured them both a cup of coffee.  "You want anything kid?" the old man asked.
"Sure, just my usual," Ace replied.  This was hardly the first time they'd met like this.
It certainly won't be the last.
Not if he has anything to say about it.
"If you would be so kind Betty?" he said to the girl.
"Sure thing," she said and went back to the counter to get Ace's usual.
"So what about that gun, at least I'm assuming it's a gun," he continued turning back to Ace.
"Einstein wants to keep it around so he can learn more from it.  Maniac drools over it every time I mention it.  Sorry, but it'll be around for a while, but don't worry I'm not going to let it get out of our hands," Ace replied.
I pity anyone who tries to take it.
He made a noncommittal noise and waited for Betty to come back and put two large, chocolate, chocolate-chip muffins in front of Ace and a pot of coffee for the table.  She left the bill and then went back behind the counter.  The bakery was still empty but that didn't seem to bother anyone who was working there.  People walked by the door, seemingly oblivious to the smell of fresh baked bread and pastries.  
"What do you need a gun for anyway, kid?" 
"That is your fault.  You wrote the rules for the EED, not me.  If I wasn't on flight patrol I'd still be in my body armor and we both know how pointless that is," Ace replied.  "Besides they come in handy on occasion.  If I'd had one when Mayhem hit me last time I'd've been able to fire back instead of just keeping my friend safe."
"That idiot Einstein still hasn't worked out something reliable for you?" 
"He has but it's hard for him to manufacture.  A lot of what he's been able to come up with is because of the gun that killed Tomahawk," Ace explained.  The bakery was the only place she could talk about Tomahawk without having flashbacks.  "He has my service weapons put together, but the captain has me out as bait, see if we can get Mayhem to come at me."  She held up a hand, "Stupid idea I know, but we can't use anyone else right now.  Anti activity is on an upswing right now."
"Yeah I know.  It's those damned HSO idiots.  We know it's them, but I'll be damned if we can find them," he replied.
"Well that's what Emily is working on right now along with Torment.  They'll have answers."
"Is she really that powerful?" he asked.
Ace nodded.  "She read right through the interrogation room walls.  She explained to me later that the shielding did dampen her ability somewhat so we know she's not a Fifth; the power gap isn't big enough.  Even Torment and Angel occasionally experience power bleed through in the interrogation rooms."
She still doesn't know about me either.  She's not powerful enough.
Nobody is that powerful.
"So we might actually be getting a break in the investigation?" he asked.
"Maybe, they still have a lot of people to question and some of them are not being very cooperative," Ace said.
He nodded.  "Alright kid, I'll keep my ear to the ground and see if I can figure out who brought Mayhem in.  Just don't discount the idea that this is just him taking advantage of a bad situation.  You are the only one who's ever come close to capturing him.  He prides himself on being untouchable."
"Don't I know it," Ace said.  She still had flashbacks of the different times she'd faced off against Mayhem.  Each and every time the mercenary Anti had gotten away.  
He's scared of you and he hates himself for it.
He'd better be scared of me.
She finished off her muffins and the coffee.  She didn't really like coffee, but she'd learned not to turn it down when she was meeting in the bakery.  "Thanks for your help old man."
They both stood and Ace gave him a hug.  "Just be careful out there kid."
Ace left the small bakery and it faded from view.  She could never tell if it was real or just a powerful illusion.  With the old man it was always hard to tell.  
Not even I know that.
And that scares me just a little.
She took to the air with a renewed sense of purpose.  With the old man directly on the case they stood a much better chance of getting results.  
Chapter 12

"So you're going to be on air patrol for the foreseeable future."  Emily hadn't phrased it like a question.
She doesn't sound happy about it.
I'm not happy about it.
Ace nodded.  "Unless Torment needs, me the captain wants me out and doing things.  I called in a lot of cases today.  The normal cops had a busy day.  On the other hand, there was nothing for the EED to do beyond what you and Torment were dealing with.  How did that go?"
Emily shrugged.  She finished setting plates out on the dining room table.  It was a big, black, heavy thing with square corners and room for at least six.  Everything in Ace's kitchen was black and steel gray.  Most people found it oppressive, she found it soothing.  Go figure.
"No real results then?" Ace prodded.
"Not yet.  A lot of the people we spoke with were the ones that were less cooperative when we visited them in their homes.  Sometimes Regs can be such babies," Emily replied.
Ace had to laugh at that.  "What?" Emily asked confused for only a moment before realizing that she was still just a Reg.  "Right, I'm still just a Reg.  I wish there was a different name for those of us who actually want to use our powers to help.  I really don't want to be associated even a little with some of the petty whiners I had to listen to today.  Seriously how can people be so damned closed minded?"
"It's pretty easy when you think about it.  Just because we have powers doesn't mean we're any better or any worse than the rest of humanity, no matter what the HSO or Tomahawk say.  This is going to sound horribly cynical coming from a twenty-five-year-old, but I've learned that as a rule people are selfish.  Quite often they are content looking after number one.  If they have a family they might include them, they might not.  That's one of the reasons the EED rarely calls on Regs who aren't already closely linked with the us.  We hate having to deal with their whining."  Ace had seen that very attitude on her very first assignment with her squad here in New Davenport.
That guy was a complete ass.
That had been the assignment that had ended with her buried under a building all because a Reg had been too slow to listen to a direct order.  The property damage sustained was substantial and the ensuing lawsuit from the company was still in court.  The Reg in question had had his license suspended pending a trial.  
Incidents like that almost turned Ace against all Regs.  Then she would meet one like John Holander, who was more than willing and able to use his powers when called upon.  Regs like him restored her faith in her fellow Exceptionals.
"That's pretty much a lot of what we encountered today.  There were even a few that hadn't even really read the contract they signed to get their Registered status.  They thought they were just letting the government know.  There was one lady that had wanted to have her Registered status revoked.  We had to bring in a lawyer to explain to her that if she did she wouldn't be able to use her powers again without a supervising hero of the EED present.  I almost wish she'd done it.  We don't need people like that out there making a bad name for those Regs who are willing to help."
Ace brought their dinner to the table.  "You got any plans for the evening?" Emily asked as they ate.
"Do I ever?  If you haven't noticed from the video games and movies I don't exactly have a thriving social life," Ace replied.
You gave up on that after your last date.  I really feel bad for that guy.
At least he was honest with me.
"Why is that?  I might not be seeing anyone now, but I've never lacked for dates in the past.  The whole uncontrolled power thing prevented most relationships from getting very far, but still I was out there," Emily said.
That was a sensitive subject and Emily picked up on Ace's mood change quickly.  "If you don't want to answer?"
Ace shrugged.  "It's hard being the only Fifth.  Most Fourths are either intimidated or terrified of me.  Some only want to prove they're better than me and I'm not just talking the Fortress Class.  There was a telekinetic in Basic that was unrelenting.  I nearly had to break that jackass's neck before he would let up.  I won't even mention the Thirds and below.  And you know most men; they can't handle the idea of a woman being stronger than them.  Can you imagine even one of your exes putting up with my powers for more than an hour?"
Emily let out a deep breath.  "I am sorry.  You are right.  I'll not bring it up again."
"I appreciate that.  My social life will figure itself out eventually.  For now I'm happier to be here with my friend than out trying to fish for Mr. Right."
They spent the rest of the evening watching TV.  Football season was just starting and the Exceptional's League had just gained another expansion team.  The Professional Sports Act of the year two-thousand had brought an end to the long standing rivalry between the various professional sports and those Exceptionals that had wanted to play.  Now if an Exceptional wanted in on a sport they had that option.  The competition to get on to the limited number of teams was pretty fierce.  
Ace liked watching both normals and Exceptionals and since the various cable networks and satellite companies wanted to reach the widest audience they could, they played both.  It was probably a scheduling nightmare; especially when dealing with teams from outside of North America.  All Ace cared about was getting to watch the New Davenport Bandits beat the Chicago Bears.  

The next few days passed uneventfully.  Ace kept up her air patrols still hoping to draw a response from anyone.  New Davenport was a city of over five million people, the highest population in all of post war America.  It covered more land than any other large city in the United States of North America.  
At the rate Ace was taking it, it would take longer than a week to truly cover the entire city.  She made certain to vary her search pattern.  The most and least likely areas got covered first; areas like the warehouse and shipping districts and the suburbs and residential blocks.
One positive was crime rate dropped considerably while Ace was on patrol.  The other heroes that did air patrol welcomed her added assistance.  Not all of them had the heightened senses that she did.  There were eight others who joined her on various rotations.  They would occasionally meet and discuss any patterns that they felt were emerging.  Rarely did they intervene in any of the crimes they saw, only if there was a danger to life, the rest went to the normals.
At the end of the fourth day of air patrol Ace was called into Captain Angel's office.  She entered and was surprised to see Bones, who ran the EED in New Davenport and Police Commissioner Albert Miller inside.  "Ace, come in and have a seat," the captain said as she closed the door.
You knew this was coming.
No I didn't.
She carefully took one of the remaining chairs and said, "You asked to see me?"
"That's right, I was just talking with these gentlemen about our recent air patrol efforts, and they had some questions to ask you."
Ace nodded and waited.  Bones was the first to speak.  "We've been looking over the results you and the rest of the heroes on air patrol have been bringing in.  You all have been doing good work.  Whose idea was it to start collaborating between the EED and the normals?"
Bones was one of the older Fourths out there, born not long after the generation had started, she didn't know much more about him than that.  His brown hair was just starting to show grey.  He was clean shaven his green eyes were sharp.  
There is something familiar about him.
He looks kind of like dad.
Ace thought back over her times out patrolling.  "I couldn't say for certain, sir.  I have to admit my mind has been on other things."
"That is unsurprising.  Torment has been unable to determine if you or Ms. Carpenter was the target of the recent attack.  For all we know it could have been both of you," Commissioner Miller said.  He shook his head and continued, "We are quite pleased with what has come out of this more concerted effort on the part of the EED heroes.  And Bones and I have decided that it was time to make some pretty drastic changes.
"The Mayor has okayed the introduction of sky lanes, for flight enable Exceptionals to use.  They will follow our existing road network with similar speed limits.  This is a process that will take time.  And in order to facilitate this effort we are going to add heroes and normals to the existing aerial patrols."
That seemed like a pretty ambitious plan, but one that could be incredibly convenient for those Regs who were flight-enabled.  "Where do I come in?"
"We want you to head up the aerial patrol here in New Davenport.  All officers that are currently assigned to aerial patrol and those that will be assigned, both normals and heroes will report to you.  This would necessitate you being promoted to lieutenant.  You would still be under Torment's command for those cases where her unit is called in, but for the rest of the time you would report to Captain Angel.  What do you think?" Bones asked.  
"But I've only been doing this for four days."
"And in those four days we've had more success than in the past month.  You have inspired your fellow officers.  That is why we wanted to give you this assignment," Commissioner Miller said.
"What about my seniority?  Most of the other heroes have five years or more on me."
I think you are trying too hard to get out of this.
Quiet.  I don't want this.
Yes, you do.  And you know you can't lie to me.
The Commissioner waved his hand.  "Your time in the military serves as your seniority.  We interviewed the other EED offers on patrol.  They all agreed that you were the driving force behind the increased reporting and the cohesiveness that we've seen over the past few days.  The other heroes look up to you Ace."
"But why?" she asked.  
We've really got to work on your self-confidence.
"They've seen what you can do.  The power you have and the control you exert over that power is inspiring to all the men and women that work for us, Exceptionals and normals.  You are a hero in the truest sense of the word.  We need that right now," Bones replied.
Again she was stunned to silence.  Was she so unobservant to have missed the supposed respect her fellow officers had for her?  She thought it over, but couldn't come up with a satisfactory conclusion one way or another.  
Of course they respect you.  When you aren't trying too hard you are very encouraging.
The three men looked at her.  In their faces she could see confidence.  Whether that confidence was misplaced or not was yet to be seen.  She agreed, trying not to let her reluctance show.  "I'll do it."
"Good.  Captain Angel has your new insignia and the details of your new rank and the members of the aerial squads.  It is up to you to make sure you know your men and to keep them working together," Bones said.  He and the Commissioner stood.  Ace and Angel followed suit.
"We expect results Lieutenant Ace," the Commissioner said and extended his hand.  Ace took it, gently.  He blinked and shook his head.  "It is hard to believe that so much strength comes from someone so small.  After getting used to Fortress Classes like Tomahawk and Bulldog it is very strange."
Ace reigned in her annoyance and shrugged instead.  People were going to forever underestimate her because of her stature.  That was just part of her life.  There was no use getting annoyed or angry about it.  Bones also shook her hand.  "Keep up the good work."
Definitely something very familiar about him.
Eerily familiar.
"Thank you, sir," Ace said.
Captain Angel escorted the two higher ups out of his office.  Ace went to her normal desk, but all of her stuff was gone.  "We had to give you an office Ace," Angel said.  He'd come back from the elevators.  "You'll be coordinating a lot of officers and you are going to need the extra room.  Here's your key, it's the one just down from mine."
She took the small silver key from the captain.  It had 5E stamped on it.  Even with the advent of almost fool proof electronic locks, and bio-monitoring security, the police and the EED still liked to use regular old hardware locks for their doors.
Ace followed the Captain's directions and unlocked the door.  Inside was a desk that was bigger than her old one, a new computer with two ClearScreen monitors, and two filing cabinets.  She opened one and saw it was full of personnel files, presumably for the officers who were going to be under her command.  The other was filled with case files.  She would have digital versions of all of them on her computer, but again the police were still old-fashioned about some things.
She looked over the case files first.  A lot of the cases were those that she and the others on aerial patrol had reported over the last few days.  There was also the case file on the open investigation of the HSO presence in New Davenport.  There was a newer one centering on the search for Mayhem.  Most of the information in that one had been provided by Ace.
There was a knock at her door and she looked up to see Emily standing there with a look of appreciation on her face.  "Nice office," she said when she saw Ace look up.
"I don't know that I deserve it, but it will help me get my work done," Ace replied.
Again with that lack of confidence.
"I'd heard there were some NDPD higher ups in the building.  They were here for you I take it."
Ace relayed what had happened in her meeting with the Commissioner and Bones.  It still felt strange to say it.  Emily took a seat and said, "I think you do deserve it.  I know the minds of your fellow officers better than you.  Part of the respect comes from your time spent training with Tomahawk, but the rest comes from you.  You are tough, and I don't mean your powers.  They are looking beyond your powers to the actions behind them.  Hell, you came back to work after having a building fall on you.  There have been other heroes who broke after far less.  Even Tomahawk had to take a month's leave after he got hit by a fifty cal.  They know you had to be ordered to take a break after the Mayhem incident."
Yet again, you really need her.  She hasn't told you they talked with her.
Why?
She's still considered an outsider.  She has a non-EED view on the situation.  That and they wanted to make sure she was still okay, you know after the whole almost getting blown up.
Ace felt herself blushing profusely.  She didn't think of herself as tough, at least not like Emily was describing.  She did her job, focusing on the tasks that she had, making sure they got done.  Nothing she'd ever done had made her want to quit being an officer of the EED.  She remembered talking to Tomahawk about the fifty cal incident.  The bullets hadn't penetrated his skin, but they'd bruised him.  It had shaken him, badly.  Not even having a building collapse on her had done that to Ace.
"Now that you have more responsibilities how are you going to handle them?" Emily asked.
"I'm honestly not sure yet.  I think the first thing I'm going to do is call a meeting of all those now under my command.  I'm sure some of them aren't happy to have a rookie in charge of them, despite the assurances of Bones and the Commissioner," Ace replied.
"That's probably a good idea.  Do you want me there?"
Ace hesitated.  She wasn't sure if she had that kind of authority.  Yes, Emily was now an official consultant, but she'd been brought in for a specific case.  "You want me to ask Captain Angel to come in?" Emily asked.
Ace shook her head.  "I'll go ask him."
She went to the captain's door and knocked.  "Come in, Ace."  The captain almost sounded amused.  Ace entered and before she could ask he said, "You have that level of authority.  Besides I think we, as in Bones and I, might be bringing Ms. Carpenter on as a permanent EED officer, if she is willing.  She'd have to go through some training first, but she has been invaluable in our recent investigations.  Her abilities are much stronger than even Bones'.  There aren't many Exceptionals that would be able to resist her.  I think you are the only one that can."
Ace nodded.  "Thank you, sir."
"Now get back to work.  I think your idea of meeting with all of those officers under your command is a good one.  Because you're right, some of them are going to hate working for a younger officer, let alone a hero."
Again with the I told you so.
Feeling a little foolish, but encouraged all the same Ace went back to her office and started looking over the NDPD calendar.  She would have to wait a day or two for the orders to filter down properly, but once it was officially in place she had a date set for the first meeting with the newly formed Aerial Squad joint task force.  
"I would very much like for you to be there when I meet with these officers.  I need to know where their true loyalties are and what they really think of my orders, rather than what they think of me.  I don't give a damn what they think of me," Ace said to Emily after she had set the date for the meeting.
Emily laughed.  "I'm glad you aren't going to let them intimidate you."
Ace snorted.  "I got over being intimidated when the biggest, baddest Fortress Class in the military tried to assert his dominance.  After I beat the hell out of him he realized that I wasn't just talk.  The worst I'll have here is the occasional insubordination.  Some of them will think they know better than me.  The worst will be the ones who try and act like my friends.  Those are the ones I really want you to keep an eye out for.  They are the ones that like to try and abuse relationships.  I'm not going to let that happen."
Emily nodded again.  She checked her watch.  "Damn.  I've got to get back to the interrogation rooms.  There's a new batch of Regs coming in.  Walk me?"
It was a subtle reminder that Ace was supposed to be escorting Emily at all times.  
That and she wants to spend some time with her friend.
Still not used to have someone who I really consider a friend.
"Sure."  She stood and they left her new office.  Ace closed the door, but didn't bother locking it.  Not with the captain right next door.
In the elevator a thought came to her and she asked, "Are people getting the wrong idea about us?"
Of course they are.
Emily laughed.  "I think at first they were.  Rumors were starting to circulate, but Torment and Angel dealt with them.  I think it relieved the men.  There are quite few who are infatuated with you."
Ace blushed again.  "What about you?  I've seen the way some of the officers look at you and besides you aren't officially EED, just a consultant.  It would be much easier for them to date you."
Emily colored slightly.  "Only if they are willing to accept double dates with you, otherwise my power makes things?awkward."
"You don't want to know when a man is thinking of-" Ace began, but Emily cut her off, "I most certainly do not!"
Ace smiled a little.  It was nice to get a little bit back on her friend.  Emily smiled reading quite clearly what Ace was thinking.  "It's nice to have a friend again," she said.
"It's nice to have one at all," Ace replied.  
She left Emily with Torment down in the interrogation rooms.  She declined Torment's invitation to join them.  There was too much for her to do before she would feel comfortable rejoining the investigation.  Back in her own office (that was going to take some getting used to) she sat down and started reviewing personnel reports.  It was going to be a long few days.
Chapter 13

"Well you were right; some of them hate you, the Commissioner, and Bones.  Things could have gotten ugly in there, but they all are way more afraid of you than anything," Emily reported as she and Ace drove back to Third Street Precinct.  They'd held the meeting with the new members of the Aerial Squad at the main NDPD offices at City Hall.  Ace had felt that a more neutral space than her own precinct was the best place to meet with officers and heroes from multiple precincts.
"Well they accepted my orders readily enough.  We'll see how they actually follow them," Ace said.
"There are some that are planning on pulling crap, but they are paired with people who either don't care about your relative seniority or they support you fully.  There is going to be a difficult adjustment period," Emily said as she reviewed the notes she had jotted down during the meeting.
That is an understatement.
"It's a good thing I recorded the whole thing then," Ace said tapping her device.
"Is that legal?" Emily asked.
"I ran it past Bones and Commissioner Miller.  They both gave it the green light.  They want this task force to succeed as much as I do, probably more.  You've seen the numbers."
"I haven't actually seen them first hand, but I've heard.  The Aerial Squad does good work.  I think it will give the normals a feeling of security, at least some of them.  There are always going to be people screaming about invasion of privacy," Emily said.
"You heard about that did you?" Ace asked.  
Everybody's heard about that.
Damn reporters.
Emily meant one of the cases from her first day on air patrol.  The perpetrator of a domestic disturbance case was claiming his privacy was violated by Ace.  It was one giant mess.  The department lawyers were currently working on building a solid case.  Ace had already had to testify twice.  It made her very glad that she always filled out incident reports and kept detailed records of her actions.  
"You think he'll get it to stick?" Emily asked concerned.
Ace shook her head.  "The judge overseeing the case is a hardass and damn good at his job.  He used to be a cop before turning lawyer then judge, the guy doesn't stand a chance, but people will always fight the system.  And Article Two was in effect."
"And the department has your legal fees covered?" 
"That's right.  There is an account setup specifically for the purpose of paying legal fees for officers brought to court for doing their jobs."
One of the old man's best ideas.
Emily relaxed.  "Good."
They pulled into the station and up to the newly installed security scanner.  After a massive car bomb had gone off in another precinct's parking garage, Einstein along with all the technomancers from the EED and any Regs that he considered trustworthy started working on the scanners.  
Sometimes having another level of security checkpoints to pass through was tedious, but well worth it to keep people safe.  Already Einstein had installed a much upgraded version of the kinetic shield around all government facilities.  Ace had come to find that that had also included her house.
Once through the scanner and under the protective field of the kinetic barrier they both relaxed a little more.  There hadn't been any further attempts on either of them, but there was a definite tension in the air.
"You in or out today?" Emily asked.
"I'm in.  I've got reports to fill out, lots and lots of reports," Ace replied with mock enthusiasm.
Yay, paperwork.  Man I'm glad I'm not you.
Thanks for the sympathy.
"I do not envy you that job.  Torment always handles things for us.  I keep a detailed record, but she does all the official stuff.  I honestly think she enjoys paperwork," Emily said as they entered the elevator.
"She probably finds it cathartic," Ace said.  They rode the elevator in silence.  Oddly the elevator went all the way to the EED floor without stopping.  
There is something very wrong.
"What the hell?" Emily said.
The elevator stopped at the top floor and Ace reacted as the doors were opening.  She pulled Emily to one side and braced herself as bullets pounded the back of the elevator. 
"You hit?" Ace asked.  Once the hail of bullets ended.
"Just in the vest," Emily replied.  She had taken to wearing the kinetic vest whenever they left the precinct.
This is bad.  You need to be very careful.
How bad?
Mayhem is here.
"Stay down," Ace said and stepped out of the elevator and into chaos.
Chapter 14

There was gunfire throughout the floor.  Ace saw the three gunmen who had opened fire on the elevator and she rushed them.  They were wearing, of all things, ski masks and were carrying high-end automatic rifles.  Not that that saved them.  She hit them hard and fast, breaking arms, legs and weapons in quick succession, leaving screaming men behind.  
"Ace, get down!" Torment's voice came from her left and she dropped as a blast of familiar kinetic energy flashed where she had been standing.  
That bastard needs to die.
Rage swelled and Ace stood scanning the room.  That was the problem with Mayhem, he didn't have to have line of sight to set off his blasts.  He could just let fly wherever he wanted. 
She saw Torment not far away holding a bleeding wound on her right arm.  Maniac was on the floor next to her, unconscious, but alive.  There were other officers down.  Ace grabbed a radio, but there was no response from the lower levels.  That meant there were other Antis around.  Realizing that she'd been stupid to leave Emily behind in the elevator she turned and was relieved to see her friend joined by Bulldog and Angel.  The captain was wounded and Bulldog's clothes were in tatters. 
Satisfied that Emily was taken care of Ace started walking through the floor looking for Mayhem.  Occasional explosions hammered her, but they were of little consequence, other than leaving her clothing in ruins.  
Eventually she got tired of looking for her target, and getting shot, and having to subdue normals and Antis.  "MAYHEM YOU COWARD!"  Her voice rattled to the windows.  She wanted to make certain that Mayhem heard her.
That got his attention.  A massive explosion bloomed around Ace and something wrapped around her, lifting her off the ground.  She tried to break the bands holding her, but instead of breaking they flexed and flexed and flexed.  Anytime she stopped exerting all of her strength they snapped back into place.  For the first time in her life Ace panicked.  
She continued to struggle, trying every trick she knew to break psychic bands, but none of them worked.  She was pulled through a nearby window and up to the roof.  
On the roof she was suspended upside down in front of Mayhem.  "I finally caught you Ace."
He was actually quite handsome.  He had a square jaw and long black hair he kept in a tail.  His military issue clothing managed to compliment his olive complexion and dark eyes.  Ace wanted to slap the smug smile off his face.  How he had been able to pinpoint her location was something she was going to find out.  
"You didn't catch me you coward.  You have one of your pet Antis holding me.  You never were man enough to come after me alone," Ace snapped.  Mayhem had a narcissistic streak and insults usually caused him to act rashly.
Rage flashed across his features, but only for a moment.  "Ah Ace how I've missed you.  But as you can see I've learned to control my temper and I must say it has become very helpful at times such as this.  Now I will warn you once, if you do not come peacefully I will destroy this entire building, just like last time."
That shut her up.  Last time the building had been empty, but there were hundreds of people inside Third Street Precinct.  "I see that you are still wise for one so young.  And I am happy to see you are keeping yourself in shape.  I will certainly enjoy the view while my employer speaks with you."
Ace blushed.  During the attack the state of her clothing had been less relevant.  Now, out in the open and helpless for the first time in her life, it was just another stab to her confidence.  
Damn it, Ace, focus!  Screw modesty!
Easy for you to say, you're not the one who's mostly naked!
She closed her eyes and tried to concentrate.  Her underused powers began to respond.  There were so many powers in use at that moment that there was no way they would be able to tell what she was doing.  She felt the presence of two other Exceptionals on the roof with her and Mayhem.  Ace figured one was responsible for keeping her bound.  The other was probably hiding them from her senses.  She really hated dealing with Stealth Class.
"Now come along Ace," Mayhem said and took to the air.  The other Antis followed, still invisible to her sight.  
Now that she had her targets Ace began to relax.  The Anti wouldn't be able to hold her for long; even Fourths had limits to how long they could sustain powers.  And she knew the more she fought the hold the quicker the Anti would wear out.  Not wanting to give herself away too quickly she began exerting subtle pressure on her bonds.  
That's better.  Now just keep at it.  She won't last long.
I hope you're right.
Mayhem didn't fly far.  Unlike Ace and the Sky Class of Exceptionals, Mayhem's flight was an extension of his energy powers.  That meant the distances he could travel, especially while carrying other people, were limited.
They made a series of short hops before finally stopping on a building with a helipad on its roof.  That's when Ace decided to wait to free herself.  There was a chance she would get a better idea of who Mayhem was working with if she saw what came to pick up him and his allies.  It would be a while before the EED would be able to mount a response to the attack on the precinct, so Ace was on her own anyway.
They had a short wait until a large, unmarked helicopter came to rest on the landing pad.  Mayhem smiled and waved.  The door opened and two men dressed in black suits stepped out.  They looked like secret service copies.  They were just missing the dark sunglasses to complete the clich.  And still Ace waited to make her move.  The next man that stepped out of the helicopter only served to confuse things.  
Mickey "Pretty Boy" Valentine was a powerful mob boss.  Having him show up didn't make a lot of sense.  Mickey was never one to act against the EED.  He didn't want the heroes interfering with his "business".  He was well protected by an army of lawyers and bribed officials, so he could handle the regular police, but the EED had more resources and different courts.  
The Valentine family was the only real mob family in New Davenport.  They'd moved in early, establishing themselves as the kings.  Anyone who tried to get a foothold was wiped out, not even the major gangs from out west tried to operate in New Davenport, because of the Valentines.
So why's he risking his operation now?
That's why I'm waiting.
"I trust there were no problems?" Mickey said as he approached Mayhem.  The storm of the helicopters rotors was starting to fade.  Apparently Mr. Valentine was planning on staying for a while.
He owns this building, it's where he conducts all his business, legal and otherwise.
"His methods were unacceptable.  He brought in gunmen and attacked the NDPD precinct where she works.  This is going to bring even more EED scrutiny."  The disembodied voice sounded female and she was standing not far from Ace.  With a little concentration Ace spotted the small disturbances in the roof dust that marked one of her captors.
"I thought I was very clear on this matter Mayhem.  The EED was not to be involved any more than necessary," Mickey said.  He didn't sound angry, or even annoyed which was damn creepy.
"I did my job," was all Mayhem said.  He stood there facing the crime boss with his typical arrogant smile.  
He's planning something.
And there's not a thing I can do to stop him, yet.
"Yes, and in so doing you have endangered my entire operation.  If the EED were to take notice of my operations it would prove to be inconvenient for myself and those with whom I do business," Mickey said.  He still sounded like he was discussing the weather.  "I'm afraid our relationship is going to have to end prematurely."
Mickey then exploded in a ball of red and black fire.
Damn, that was extreme.
Mayhem smirked.  "Damn right our 'relationship' is over."  Suddenly Ace was free and she barely caught herself from crashing to the roof.  She lost track of what happened next.  It looked like someone tried to restrain Mayhem, but he started firing off kinetic blasts and the helicopter took one of them.  It tore the vehicle in two, likely killing everyone in or near it.  
In the confusion Ace was able to actually get a hand on Mayhem and he panicked, taking to the air.  He didn't get very high before she was able to use her own flight powers to take control and bring him back down.  She put suppressor cuffs on him, silently thanking Einstein for making them nearly impossible to destroy.
"Hero Ace, I believe this man is a wanted criminal and should be brought to justice for the murder of Mickey Valentine and for the attack on yourself and the EED."  Again it was a disembodied female voice that spoke.  
"You know you both are responsible for what happened at the precinct, just for being there and not trying to stop him," Ace said.  She knew damn well that two Exceptionals like this pair could have stopped Mayhem well before now. 
She studied the rooftop carefully and was pretty sure she knew where both of them were with the help of her powers.  She had a responsibility to bring them in for questioning.  Exceptionals who worked in organized crime were dangerous.  The last thing she wanted was these two trying to take over the Valentine family.
"Recompense will be paid to the EED and the families of all those injured in the attack.  We regret that you were unable to meet with our employer before his untimely demise," the voice said.
"Why didn't he just talk to me in person?  What the hell was he thinking involving Mayhem?" Ace yelled.  She was probably too upset.  She rarely yelled.  As worked up as she was her control wasn't what it could have been.  Her shout echoed across the rooftops.
"Mr. Valentine was hoping that it would lead to a direct confrontation between you and Mayhem, resulting in Mayhem's death.  We were told to aid Mayhem in whatever way he asked.  We only isolated the EED floor from the rest of the precinct.  We were unaware of Mayhem's ability to teleport people behind solid walls and kinetic barriers.  Had we known we would never have allowed such a course to be pursued.  Our intent was to simply capture you and bring you to Mr. Valentine.  We were deceived in a number of ways by Mayhem.  We are turning him over to you to deal with him as you see fit.  We will no longer be a bother to you or the EED."
Why didn't Valentine just have the deadly duo here kill him?
Just one of a hundred questions I have.
"Why the hell did Valentine want to meet with me anyway?" Ace asked.  
"Mr. Valentine was hoping to ask a favor of you.  He was going to go on a very suspect business deal and he wanted to hire the best of the best," came the reply.
Wait, what?  He wanted to hire you?  
Why would he think I could be hired?  I'm a hero and it's no secret I'm not hurting for money.
"Do you have any idea how stupid that is?  I'm a hero of the EED.  I won't be bought!  I would have turned your boss in and if I ever catch either of you I'll put you behind bars.  This whole damned mess could have been avoided had your idiot boss come to me in the first place.  I could have rejected him to his face!  It makes no damn sense!"
"We do not question our employer's-" the voice cut off as Ace moved and took a hold of the nearest invisible Anti.  She slapped suppressor cuffs on them faster than their companion could react.  The woman that appeared was tall and blond.  Her outfit was white and tight enough that Ace had to wonder how she was able to move.  
Before the first Anti could recover from her surprise Ace moved again and tackled her fleeing compatriot.  She slapped another pair of suppressors on her.  And just like that the last woman was visible. 
"Identical twins and Exceptionals, now that is a rarity," Ace said as she got off her prisoner.  She hauled the other woman to her feet.  "I'm guessing you're the quiet one."
The woman glared at her.  She was dressed in an identical outfit as her sister, just in black.  "Wow did Valentine have a list of stereo types and clichs he was trying to follow?" Ace said.  The woman tried to striker her with her bound hands, but Ace swatted the attempt away with contempt.  The force of even such a casual gesture spun the woman around and nearly knocked her over.
"Someone was feeding Valentine bad information about me and about Mayhem.  I want to know who and why.  My guess was it was the HSO, but for all I know it was you two trying to start problems.  So now we're going to go back to the precinct and we are going to sort this whole mess out," Ace said lifting the black clad twin up and carrying her over to her sister.  She then hoisted both women up by their belts.  "I wouldn't struggle too much if I were you, I really don't want to drop you," she said as she took to the air after grabbing Mayhem's belt.  The mercenary Anti was surprisingly calm, which was usually a bad sign.  Ace just hoped he didn't try anything stupid.
When she saw the one in black trying to wriggle free of the cuffs she said, "Not even Tomahawk could break those suppressor cuffs so don't expect to be free of them before you hit the pavement if you do fall."  Both women went very still, their faces identical masks of calm.  With a suppressed sigh Ace flew back to the precinct.  Hopefully they would be able to get some answers there.
Chapter 15

"But that doesn't make any sense!" Emily stated.
"Tell me about it," Ace replied as she pulled on a spare shirt.  She would have to wait until she got home to get another bra.  She put that on her list of things to keep spares of in her locker.
Why that hadn't occurred to you before now I will never understand.
Be quiet.
"I think someone is trying to cause chaos in New Davenport," Ace continued.  "And if it's not the HSO we have to figure out who.  If the twins don't know we are going to have to start bringing in Valentine's people.  The normal cops are going to have a hell of a time keeping the peace when everyone rushes to fill the power vacuum caused by Valentine's death."
"Mayhem killed him, just like that?" Emily asked.
Ace nodded.  "Mayhem is a psycho.  If I had my way he'd be put down for the betterment of us all.  How many casualties were there?"
"Two, Deuce and Blip.  A good number of the gunmen and subdued Antis survived," Emily replied, she didn't look happy about the last bit.
"Two good officers lost and we still don't have any more details to go on," Ace growled.  She refrained from punching the wall.  The building had sustained enough damage for the day.
"Torment is questioning them.  Since Article Two was already in effect it should go quick.  Torment is pretty upset.  I'm just glad you didn't have to kill any of the attackers," Emily said.  They were walking back up the stairs from the gym.  Most of the elevators were still malfunctioning after what Mayhem had done.
Ace was glad that Article Two existed.  It allowed for almost complete use of powers while pursuing or interrogating Antis and their known associates.  It didn't come into play very often, but this was one of those situations it was specifically written to facilitate.
"Killing them wouldn't have solved our problem.  Killing Mayhem might have, but by the time I had a chance I had to arrest him instead," Ace said.
Of course not.  Mayhem might be crazy, but he's not stupid.
There are times I wish I was a little less law abiding.
Then you wouldn't be you, and the world would be worse off for the loss.
"I'm pretty sure that was the point Ace," Emily said.  They remained silent after that.  Ace was still trying to get her head around the idea that Deuce was dead.  She hadn't known him all that well.  He was very private, just like she was.  It would be strange to not have him around.
"You going to be okay?" Emily asked once they were back in Ace's relatively untouched office.
Talk to her, Ace.
I know, I know.
"Hell, I don't know," Ace replied.  "Despite the fact I knew next to nothing about him, Deuce was a teammate and a sort of a friend.  Hell, he is one of the few people who've come to my house.  I'm never going to forgive Mayhem for his death.  If I'd have known Deuce was down I would have killed the gunmen instead.  I've had people I know die before, I was in the military, I was Tomahawk's apprentice, but this is different.  This happened because someone is deliberately trying to cause chaos.  If I find out who it is I'm going to make sure they suffer for it."
"I'm taking that to mean you're not okay.  You know Torment and Angel aren't going to let you within fifty miles of this case if they sense that about you, right?" Emily asked.  Ace could see the worry in her friend's eyes.
"I imagine they know already.  You've told me that my thoughts are hard not to pick up on," Ace replied.
Emily nodded.  "That's right.  Unless you are actively suppressing them, every Mental Class that can read minds will hear them.  So fine, Captain Angel and Torment already know.  Protocol dictates that they take you off the case if you can't get things under control.  My question is what will you do?"
"I don't know," Ace said out of habit, but the more she thought on it the more she realized she didn't think she could handle continuing the search for the HSO operatives in New Davenport.  She was tired of dealing with a suspect that was so elusive that even some of the greatest heroes the EED had couldn't find them.  She wasn't that kind of officer.  She was an enforcer, not a finder.  "Unless I get orders otherwise I'm done with this case," she said.
"I'll let Torment and Angel know, but not today.  Since you brought Mayhem and the twins in there is no reason for you to stay," Emily said.
"If you're here, I'm here.  Just because Mayhem isn't out there doesn't mean the HSO isn't still going to try and make a grab at you.  This would be the perfect time to try it.  Now that we have Mayhem in custody a lot of people are going to feel like the worst is over.  They are going to forget that the HSO is the real threat and we still have no idea where they are."
Emily nodded.  "You're right.  I was just hoping you could get some rest.  I can see what being restrained like that did to you.  As a friend I recommend you speak to someone like Torment or Angel about it."
"Why not you?" Ace asked.  Emily's powers exceeded Torment and Angel's.
"I'm the wrong kind of person to deal with that particular issue.  I've felt vulnerable and helpless most of my life.  Security is a new thing for me.  You need someone who has gone through something like you went through," Emily replied.
She's got a point.  Torment would probably be the better one to talk to.
Now I just have to find the time.
"I'll think about it," Ace said.  
"That's all I can ask.  Now I've got to get back down to interrogation.  They want me to be the one that goes after Mayhem."  Emily stood and Ace joined her.  She wasn't about to leave her friend unguarded.
"You came all the way back up just to make sure I was okay," Ace said as they started back down the stairs.  Emily smiled but said nothing.  "Thank you," Ace said
"That's what friends are for," Emily replied still smiling.
Chapter 16

The funerals for Blip and Deuce were held three days after the attack on the precinct.  All off duty heroes from the EED were in attendance.  The rest were on guard duty so their friends and allies could pay their respects to the fallen.  In contrast to the somber occasion the day was bright and cheerful.
Captain Angel directed the proceedings.  Ace and the other members of her unit stood behind him in full dress uniform.  They stood at rigid attention, not letting the emotions show on their faces.  
Eulogies were given, memories of the two heroes shared by those who knew them the best.  Silent tears fell from most everyone.  Ace hoped that she never became so used to death that she stopped crying at funerals.
As the caskets were lowered the only thing that could be heard was crying.  The heroes saluted as guns fired to honor the fallen.  Deep inside Ace wanted nothing more than to tear the city apart looking for the ones who had brought so much pain to her friends.  It had been the same at Tomahawk's funeral, and Hard-Head before him, and Deek, and Duke, and Blaze, and all those that had come before.  
Don't dwell on it.  Let it go, Ace.
How?  How can I let it go?  I'm the damned Fifth!  I'm the most powerful person in the world and I can't even save the people around me!
You are not perfect and no one expects you to be, remember that.  You have to live within the limits that have been set.  Never forget that.
Nothing could ever prepare you for the death of a friend.  Nothing helped ease the pain.  It dulled over time, but never truly went away.  And every time it happened the pain of all the rest came back, just as intense as if they had all happened over again.
You cannot blame yourself Ace.  You have to let it go.
I'll let it go when I find out who is responsible and end them.
When at last Einstein had covered the caskets in tamper proof concrete, Ace turned away from the graves.  She paid her respects to the families then walked away.  Emily wasn't far behind.  Ace knew the others were going to go to Front Street to have a drink for the departed, but she didn't dare.  Her body metabolized alcohol too fast for her to get drunk, but being around the others as they traded stories about Deuce and Blip would only make her anger worse.  The last thing anyone needed was her getting even more upset.
She and Emily drove home in silence.  There was an unfamiliar car parked in her driveway when they pulled in.  It looked like a rental.  "I made a few phone calls," Emily explained.
Mom and dad are excited to see you.
What?  How?
Like Emily said, she made a few calls.  Don't worry I've got things covered.
Ace all but ran inside.  Sitting in her living room was her family.  
"Welcome home sweetie," her mother said.  Ace favored her mother heavily in the looks department, even down to the too cute face.  Her father was tall and broad shouldered.  His usual smiling face was filled with concern for her.  Without thinking she picked them both up in a hug.  
"Easy, Ace, we're glad to see you too," her dad said with a laugh.
She set them both down gently and then hugged her waiting brother and sister.  "It's good to see you too sis," her brother, Aaron, said returning the hug enthusiastically.  He was the only normal in a family of famous Exceptionals.  Ace's little sister, Amy, was an upper-tier Speed Class.  For a few years there had been a rift between them, but time and distance had served to heal it.
"Your friend, Emily, told us about what has been going on.  She said that it would be good for us to come and visit you," Ace's mom said as she sat her siblings down.
"Have a seat," Ace said and joined her family in her living room.  "She's right.  Things have been difficult recently.  The HSO is stirring up trouble, trying to drive a rift between normals and Exceptionals.  People have died because of it, one of them was a member of my unit.  The funeral was today."
"We know, that's why we're here," her mother said.  She placed a hand on Ace's shoulder.  "We are the ones that separated you from us.  But sometimes it is best for you to have family around."
Truer words were never spoken.
Ace couldn't bring herself to speak.  She was just too overwhelmed to see her family again.  It had been years since she'd actually been in the same room with them.  Occasional emails and packages didn't satisfy the need she had to be with them.  The tears started to fall and her mother wrapped her in a gentle hug.

Once Ace had a chance to recover and gather herself she caught up with the lives of her family.  Her brother was doing well in college.  He was the starting quarterback for the University of Oregon.  Her sister had just graduated from high school.  She'd gotten scholarship offers from a number of universities with Exceptional Athletic programs.  She'd finally settled on the University of Oregon as well.   
"Haven't classes started already?" Ace asked.  She didn't want her siblings to miss out on any school because of her.
"Yeah, but the school gives us leave whenever we need it.  Sometimes it pays to be part of a famous family," Aaron said.
"How's the team this year?  It's still hard to get Oregon games out here," Ace asked.  She wished she had more chances to see her brother play.  They talked football and whether he was going to pursue an NFL career.  
"It still sucks that I have to go through Exceptionals testing every season.  No one believes that a normal can come from a family full of Exceptionals, especially our family," Aaron complained.
"That shouldn't be fair.  Everyone knows that powers never manifest after birth.  You either have them or you don't," Ace said.  Her brother handled the injustice much better than she would have.
"It's fine.  It does them all good to see that he's just that much better than they are.  It won him the Heisman last year," Amy piped in.
"Congrats, little brother!" Ace said.  She'd been busy during the Heisman selections the year before and had never really caught up with college football.  She was immensely proud of her younger brother.  He'd found his own way of excelling.
"She didn't tell you that she nearly broke the Exceptional World Record for the two hundred kilometer, did she?" Aaron said with a smile at his little sister.
Ace shook her head.  She missed out on a lot because of what she was.  People held her on a pedestal and expected great things from her.  It was nice to see her brother and sister being able to just enjoy their lives.  
Even if you can't be a part of it.
That's the way it has to be.  We all know that.
The whole time Ace could hear her parents talking with Emily in the kitchen under the guise of making lunch.  They spoke it low tones, her parents were well aware of her above normal hearing capabilities, but she wasn't trying to eaves-drop.  They would talk with her when they were ready.  Her parents struggled to understand her, much like she imagined her grandfather had struggled to understand her father.  
Her family had always marked the changing generations in the Exceptionals.  Her great-great grandfather Abraham Smith the First had been the first Exceptional born.  All Exceptionals born around the same time would later be called the First Generation.  Their powers were simple, one dimensional abilities, like being able to hear another person's thoughts, or low-level ballistic shields.
Twenty years later, when Abraham's wife, Abigail, had their first child she had been an Exceptional, but her powers far exceeded those of all the other Exceptionals of the time.  At first the theory had been that it was because she was the child of two Exceptionals, but when other Exceptional children were born with greater powers than the Firsts it became apparent that the phenomenon was changing.  It wasn't until the Third Generation started that the generation names were given.
Each generation had started twenty years after the start of the previous.  The only time that pattern had been broken was with Ace.  When the Exceptionals War broke out nearly every Exceptional had been dragged into the conflict.  It had delayed her parents having children until they were thirty.  
Those few researchers who knew the truth about Ace speculated that the delay was the reason she was the only Fifth, but there was no way to support or refute the claim.  Just like there was no clear scientific evidence to show what made a person an Exceptional.  There simply was no explaining it.  And none of it served to help her parents to understand what it was like for her.  Though her dad might've had an inkling of what it was like to be in her shoes and a great deal more sympathy for his father.
No kidding.  Grandpa was probably overwhelmed by dad's power, and dad is only a mid-range Fourth.
"Lunch is ready!" her mom said, loud enough to be heard over their boisterous conversations.  They all gathered around the table where Emily joined them, albeit with some very direct prodding from Ace's mother.  "Young lady you are a part of this family.  You have been the friend to our daughter that she has needed for a very long time.  You have earned your place with us."
There is no arguing with mom.
Nope, not even for a Fifth.
Emily blushed and Ace smiled.  Emily didn't have a family as such.  Her parents had had to give her up to the Exceptionals Research Institute.  It had afforded them a better life, but they refused to contact her out of shame.  Emily was of two minds on the whole matter, but she respected her parent's wishes.  
"So how bad is the HSO situation here?" Ace's father asked as they ate.  Even if he was just a Reg, her father was a survivor of the Exceptionals War.  He knew what kind of threat the HSO posed. 
"That's the whole problem, dad, we don't really know.  There are a lot of individual threads that point to them, but we haven't been able to confirm anything beyond the huge upswing in Anti activity.  Every EED precinct has had multiple cases over the last few weeks," Ace said.
"Any word from the old man?" her father asked.
"He contacted me once, but didn't have much.  Said he'd keep his ear to the ground, but that was more about Mayhem than the HSO.  I expected him to contact me now that we've got Mayhem in custody, but he hasn't," Ace replied.  She could see Emily's confused look.  That was one secret her friend wasn't going to get quite yet.  
The old man would not be happy if she did.  It's definitely safer for her that way.
"So what's the plan then?" her mother asked, she'd also fought in the Exceptionals War.
"I'm off the case for one," Ace replied.  "I was too close to it.  They can't afford another Detroit, so I took myself off.  I've been put in charge of all aerial patrols in New Davenport.  It was a big promotion and it keeps me distracted while Emily and my unit do the questioning."
"Aerial patrol is a big deal, even when you're dealing with just the heroes," Ace's dad said with an appreciative nod.
"It's not just the heroes, sir, Ace is in charge of all police on aerial patrol.  It's a joint task force between the EED and the normal police.  It is a preemptive move by the Commissioner and head of the EED to try and stem the potential rift between hero, Reg and normal," Emily explained.
"So you have normals under your command as well?  Well done Ace, well done," her father said.  She could hear his approval and it made her swell with pride.  Her father wasn't strict, but he wasn't effusive with praise either.
"I didn't think the normals would work with the EED," Amy said.  She had made short work of her lunch.  She wasn't quite as lucky as Ace when it came to the balance between her powers, the bending of natural laws and her metabolism.  She had to eat a lot more than anyone else at the table, even more than their mother, who was also a Speed Class.
"In most places it is a difficult partnership, but the EED was founded in New Davenport.  The two organizations have had a longer time to coexist.  Our joint task force is going to force other agencies to rethink how they deal with the normal police in their jurisdictions.  I think it will bring about a positive change," Ace explained.
"Do you think you could come to nationals next year?" Amy asked out of the blue.  
The request took Ace by surprise.  "If I know far enough in advance, sure.  I have enough vacation time to make the trip, no matter where it is," she said.  It almost made her cry to have her sister reach out to her like that.
"Are you sure that's safe?  I mean you've started to make a name for yourself and the point of you living so far away is to keep us safe," Ace's mother said.
"Don't worry Mrs. Smith I can handle that.  Most people are used to Ace just as you see her.  With a little makeup and a change of wardrobe no one but her family will be able to recognize her.  Then she'll just be Alison, not Ace the Fifth," Emily interjected.
Wow, she figured out your real name.  Not many people know that.
Ace smiled her thanks to her friend.  The rest of the meal was spent on more pleasant topics.  A lot of it was Ace catching up with her parents.  It was nice to be able to speak with them without the feeling they didn't approve of her decisions.  They had come to terms with her choice to join the EED, just as she had come to terms with their choice to stay as Regs.  
Their reasons were easy for her to understand.  They were survivors of the Exceptionals War.  Both of them had been teenagers when the war had started, but it wasn't long before nearly every Exceptional was involved.  Most people liked to think it was a simple, two sided conflict, but it was far more complicated than that.  People across the world took advantage of the escalating war to forward their own ideals.  Some had been successful, like the Exceptional Kingdom of Siberia, but others had failed.
There are times I really wish they had been able to call it World War Three.
You are not the only one.
Both her parents still suffered PTSD because of what they'd had to do in defense of the normals.  Unlike other wars, all sides of the conflict had been explained to Ace in stark, unflinching detail.  Everyone in the EED had to study the Exceptionals War, from the first Registration Act that had started it, to its final stages, and the tragic, but necessary conclusion.  That had opened her eyes to what her parents had gone through at very young ages.  It helped her empathize with them.

They spent the rest of the day touring the city.  Emily stayed home.  She knew that Ace needed some alone time with her family.  Ace's parents hadn't been back to New Davenport since helping in its reconstruction after the war.  Ace was nervous about exposing her parents to HSO agents, but her dad had prevailed.  "They can't be any more dangerous than the likes of Black Lake or Blight," was his argument.  And he was right.  So far the HSO hadn't committed nearly the atrocities that had been perpetuated by the leaders of the Anti-Registration Army.
Don't worry, they're close enough that I can handle things.
Are you sure?
Yup.  Have fun.
The last place they went was Monument Park.  As veterans of the war Ace's parents approached with reverence and regret in their eyes.  Her father read the names on the Memorial of the Fallen.  "Man, I remember serving with some of these people, good men and women, all of them," he whispered, tears in his eyes as he read the names.
"From what I heard Einstein was in tears the whole time he put it up.  He wouldn't let a single Exceptional near it until the normals had had their chance to pay their respects.  The whole park is under constant surveillance," Ace said.  
The hardest part was when they came to the Exceptional Monument.  "John Smith, the General.  I had hoped?" her father's voice trailed off.  He fell to his knees and leaned against the monument, his head resting on his crossed arms, crying silently.  Ace had already confirmed that the name listed was linked to her grandfather.
John Smith was the First of the Third Generation.  He had led the forces that fought the ARA during the Exceptionals War.  People had called them the Heroes.  John Smith "the General" had fallen in the last engagement of the war.  He'd died to eliminate the remaining leaders of the ARA.  Their deaths had spelled the end for the Anti-Registration Army.  It had taken a few years to actually find his body and confirm his passing.
"Moses confirmed it dad, it was grandpa's body they found," Ace said quietly.
Her dad nodded quietly.  Her mother put her hand on his shoulder, but said nothing.  She cried silent tears while her husband mourned for the first time the death of his father.  Ace took her siblings a short distance away.  "That's why you do what you do, isn't it?" Aaron asked as he watched their parents.
Ace nodded.  "If I can prevent that ever happening again I want to.  Children shouldn't have to mourn their parents, nor should parents have to mourn their children, not like that."
"Do you think mom and dad would be upset if I joined the EED?" Amy asked quietly.
"I couldn't tell you.  They still struggle with my joining.  I don't know what they would do if you joined.  I would just ask you to wait until after college," Ace said.
"You regret not waiting?" Amy asked.  This was a conversation Ace had wanted to have with her sister for a long time.  
She needs to know the truth.  She'll join the EED, but mom and dad will be able to accept her decision better thanks to you.
"I had nothing at home, sis.  I know there aren't many Exceptionals to begin with, but you share the Fourth Generation.  The other Exceptionals understand you, and the normals maybe even accept you.  That wasn't the case for me.  I was even forbidden from joining the Exceptional Athletics program because I was so much more powerful than the greatest of the Fourth Generation.  The people that should have been my peers, the Fourths who were my age, couldn't deal with the power gap.  Not even the upper-tier Fourths with almost limitless seeming power could compare.
"There was a Mental Class, one of the detectors, who nearly committed suicide after she tried to determine my limits.  I remember feeling her power touch me and then recoil and she started screaming.  This was a girl that had people like Tomahawk, Bane and Hellfire as points of reference.  She'd tested them all as part of her qualification process and my power was enough to make her want to kill herself.  That was not an easy thing for me to deal with, so I ran.  The military seemed like the best choice."
"Did she ever recover?" Amy asked.  
We should probably find that out.
I don't know if I want to know.
"Don't know.  I haven't bothered to find out.  I'd done enough to her already.  I can't imagine what seeing me again would do to her.  My point is you have time before you make the decision.  Go to school, break world records, fall in love, get your heart broken, live as normal a life as an Exceptional can, then once you've done that see if you still want to join the EED.  And if you do that, when the time comes and you still want to join I'll speak with mom and dad for you."
Amy nodded.  Ace knew her sister well enough to know that her words had had an effect.  She just hoped it was for the better.  Later she would talk to her parents about the conversation.  Ace hoped very much that it would placate them a little.  
After a few more minutes of silence while her parents mourned the fallen they were joined by Bones.  "Are those your parents?" he asked watching Ace's mom and dad as they read the list of names.
Ace nodded.  Bones was one of the few who knew that her past was a lie.  He didn't know all the details, yet.  "These are my siblings Aaron and Amy," she indicated her brother and sister and said, "Aaron, Amy this is Bones, head of the EED in New Davenport."
Bones shook their hands and said, "It is a pleasure to meet you.  Your sister is one of my best officers.  I hope you know that she is a Hero in every sense of the word."  Ace blushed at such high praise.  
Her parents came over and her father said, "Bones?  Is that really you?"
Ace blinked.  Then saw something that made her look harder at her commanding officer.  It was unmistakable now that the two men were standing together; there was a resemblance between Bones and her father.  "It's good to see you again Abraham," Bones replied and both men embraced.
I thought he looked familiar!
Dad never talks about his family, so it makes sense we didn't notice.
Is that why you didn't deter him from coming and talking to us?
Pretty much.  Once dad showed up I was pretty certain we were related.
Seeing the confused looks on her children's faces Ace's mom explained, "Bones is your father's younger brother, your uncle."
"I had thought Ace looked familiar the first time I laid eyes on her, but her records were sealed tighter than any other Exceptional.  The old man sort of told me bits and pieces, but it's just not something you ask about," Bones explained stepping away from his brother.  Standing side-by-side the family resemblance was unmistakable.  The same slightly crooked smile, the same almost too strong jaw line, the intense green eyes.  Ace wondered how she'd missed it before.
You didn't miss it, you just never put the pieces together.  
"We had to.  It was just too dangerous to be known as the First of the Fourth Generation and as the father of the only Fifth.  It took a lot of work, but the old man helped," Ace's father explained.
"Figures he'd have his hand in things, what about Grandma Smith, is she aware?" Bones asked.
"Aware?  She was there when Ace was born.  Once she confirmed what our daughter was, she set out to make sure we were as protected as she could possibly make us.  She and the old man almost got into an argument over how it would be handled," Ace's mother replied.
Ace sat down on one of the many benches in Monument Park and did her best to put everything she'd just learned into perspective.  Her parents had always been closemouthed about their families.  Ace had figured it had something to do with their choice to be Regs instead of joining the EED, but apparently there was more to it than that.  Her parents had stayed separate from the rest of their family to protect them, just like she had.
"Do you know what they're talking about, Ace?" Aaron asked.  She nodded, but didn't dare explain.  That was her parents' responsibility.  She wasn't going to overstep her boundaries.  If they hadn't told her siblings yet, then she wasn't going to.  She was still trying to grasp the idea that she had been working in the same city as her uncle and she hadn't even known it. 
"Did you ever end up marrying Spark?" Ace's mom said.
"Yeah, she said yes not long after Ace was born.  I wish you could have been there, but the old man told me what you were going through.  If you want I can bring her and the kids over.  I'm guessing you're staying at Ace's castle," Bones replied and again Ace blushed.  Her house wasn't that big.  She should know, she'd been in a couple of actual castles during her missions in Eastern Europe.  
"That would be great," Ace's dad said.
"We'll be over around five, will that work?" Bones asked.  He was looking at Ace for confirmation.  She gave herself a shake and said, "I think so.  I'll have to call and let Emily know we are expecting more for dinner.  You have three? no four kids."
Bones smiled.  "They will be happy to finally get a chance to meet their famous cousin."

That evening was an emotional time for Ace.  For the first time in her life she had a chance to meet some of her extended family.  She'd always wondered if she had aunts, uncles or cousins.  In the back of her mind she couldn't help but wonder if it was okay.  She was a target for a lot of people.  She might be nearly invincible, but she couldn't protect everyone.  The more people got close to her the more danger they were in.  
And as always it is their choice.  Bones knows just how dangerous it is to be part of a famous family.
Sometime after dinner Ace was taking a break from everything on her back porch.  It had a spectacular view over the city, stationed as her house was on one of the bluffs.  Bones joined her and said, "Feeling a little overwhelmed?"
Ace shrugged.  "It's a lot to take in.  I've spent most of my life wondering if I had more of a family and the last few years doing everything in my power to protect what little family I have by staying the hell away from them."
"Just so you know I'm the reason you were transferred here.  After seeing you the first time in the Academy I was almost certain you were Abraham's daughter.  The old man was tight lipped about it.  I had to pull a few strings to do it.  With Tomahawk on my roster it was a lot harder than it should have been.  I didn't know if I would ever get the chance to confirm my suspicions, but I still wanted a chance to get to know you.  I haven't seen my younger sister in years? yes, you have an aunt.  It drives the old man crazy, but he does everything he can to make sure we are safe.  The family of the First Exceptional is a target and he knows it.  He's got enough influence to keep us all safe and happy.  Your dad is the only one who isn't in the EED and I think the old man is happy for him.  I don't know what he's going to make of this whole thing."
Ace snorted.  "He can damn well live with it.  If things start going south I'll move you and your whole family here along with anyone else that's in danger.  You know how secure this place is.  And it's only gotten better.  Once Mayhem showed up, Einstein and Maniac did some upgrades."
And here I thought you were worried.
Quiet.
"Mayhem!  I can't tell you how glad I am to have him in custody.  He will pay for what he's done, that's for damn sure."
Ace nodded.  She would be more than happy to testify at that trial.  Anything to get Mayhem removed as a threat.  
"Your dad said they're leaving tomorrow?" Bones asked.
"Yeah, Amy and Aaron have to get back to school," Ace replied.  It was too short a visit, but she understood and would be much relieved once they were back home and away from her current fight with the HSO.
"Go ahead and take tomorrow off then.  I know it's been a long time since you've seen them."  He turned to go but paused and said, "And I've already approved your time off request for nationals.  I hope you have a good time and take Emily with you.  She needs a family as badly as the rest of us."
He's not kidding.
Ace smiled and gave her uncle a quick, gentle, hug.  "Thank you."
"That's what family does for each other," he said returning the hug.   They went back in together, Ace feeling much relieved.
Chapter 17

"So word got around the precinct that you and Bones are related," Emily said on their drive to work.  It was the day after Ace's family had left and she was still feeling pretty good.  But Emily's news killed that.
"How bad is the response?" she asked.
"Well those officers that have half a brain have taken the time to look at the facts before jumping to conclusions, you know like good police officers.  And those that haven't are being dealt with.  I have to say it took even Torment by surprise, but she got over it quick.  The rest of your team didn't seem to care.  Jacks was pretty happy for you, but then again he's a pretty good guy," Emily replied.
You might have some problems with Maniac.  She is your partner after all.
Yeah, I was afraid of that.
"Anyone I need to worry about?" Ace asked.  The morning commute was quieter than usual.  That made her wary.  The last time the roads had been this quiet had been right before Mayhem had hit the truck.  It made them both a little jumpy.
"Not really.  There might be some good natured hazing, but those that resent you for it are the ones that resent you for being the only Fifth.  I'd be more worried about the guys in Aerial than I would about those in your own precinct," Emily said.  She looked worried.  That was significant.  Too much had happened for Ace to have a good hold on the officers in Aerial Patrol.  She was going to have to make some calls.
They made it to the office without any problems.  Emily went right to the interrogation rooms.  With Article Two still in affect the captain made sure to use her abilities to their full extent.  Up on the EED floor there were construction workers going in and out.  They were doing only minor repairs.  The major ones had been handled by Einstein.  Ace went to her, surprisingly undamaged, office and checked her inbox.  There were a few emails from members of the Aerial Patrol.  With a sigh she began working.
She'd completely lost track of time when Captain Angel knocked on her door.  She looked up in surprise.  "So I hear you had quite the last couple of days," he said and entered.
"Something like that, sir," she replied.  She pushed back from her desk and rubbed her eyes.
"And on top of that you get to deal with rumors here and among your own men.  I can't say I envy you," the captain said with a shake of his head.
"If I wanted an easy job I'd have stayed at home and played video games," Ace said.
Captain Angel laughed.  "Well I was just coming to check in on you.  With everything that happened you are the last hero I haven't scanned.  You know protocol."
EED rules stated that when a hero was killed in the line of duty all of their unit members, and any other heroes considered close to them, had to be scanned by the precinct captain.  It was why all EED precincts had Mental Class in charge of them.  Of course the captains had to submit themselves to weekly scans by other Mental Class.
"How are you feeling about the whole situation?" Angel asked.
That's a loaded question.
Ace shook her head.  "It's hard to say.  Part of me wishes I would have done more.  Part of me wishes I'd just killed Mayhem when I had the chance.  I won't lie to you, I'm having to resist the urge to hunt down every single suspected member of the HSO and drag their sorry asses in.  So to put it bluntly I'm upset."
"That's understandable.  When you were assigned to this precinct I made some calls to friends of mine in the Exceptionals Branch of the military.  They told me to be careful with you.  They said you followed orders readily enough, but you took the deaths of others personally.  I'll admit that worried me.  Heroes can't let our emotions get the better of us.
"When I actually met you though my opinion changed.  I know this is going to sound melodramatic, but I saw something in you that gave me hope.  I can't explain it better than that.  I have every faith in your ability to overcome.  Even after Detroit."
"Thanks cap."  His words gave her a small bit of peace and that was all she could hope for at the moment. 
You are the hope of the world, Ace.
Chapter 18

"I don't have time for this, sir.  I've got to get back to my patrol."  The older hero's voice held nothing but contempt for Ace.  From the outset she had known he was going to be her biggest problem.
It was a week after the attack on the precinct.  Things were progressing slowly with the investigation into Mayhem and those he'd brought with him.  Ace had turned her full attention to the Aerial Patrol, determined to make it a success, despite her own insecurities.  That had necessitated her taking care of some serious discipline issues.
Skyline was one of the longest standing members of the EED in New Davenport, with almost as much seniority as Bulldog.  He'd always played things by the book and was notoriously antagonistic towards people he saw as ladder climbers.  Emily had informed her that he considered Ace part of that group, using unfair means to get ahead.  That antagonism had spilled over into his regular duties and he'd made some pretty serious errors in judgment.  Now Ace had to call him to task for it.  
Something about this doesn't make any sense.  I just can't tell what, yet.
Keep me posted, because I think you're right.
They were in her office accompanied by Vague, the EED's official Mental Class in charge of determining motivation before discipline was assigned.  She was the last line before Internal Affairs got involved.  It was a lot of responsibility, but Vague handled it well.  
"Skyline, need I remind you that you have been charged with intentional negligence in your duties as a hero of the EED?  It is very much in your best interests to cooperate," Ace remind him.  She hated doing this, but she couldn't let behavior like Skyline's continue.
"Screw you.  The worst you can do is administrative leave, even with this pencil-neck here," Skyline replied.  That was not the smartest of things to say.  Despite Vague's name she was anything but.  She took a very harsh view on heroes who tried to bend or break the rules. 
"Since the city is on Exceptionals Lockdown, the charges against you and your current behavior could be grounds for immediate termination, without appeal," Vague said.  Her voice was soft, but her eyes were angry.
"She's right, Skyline.  If she, not I, determines that your behavior was in direct defiance of orders then you can and will be terminated.  There is nothing I can do about it," Ace added to Skyline's look of surprise.  
"You wouldn't?" he said.  He trailed off when he met Ace's eyes.  "I wouldn't, but I follow the rules, Skyline, no matter how distasteful I find them.  Those rules are what keep the EED running and safe from suspicion.  Your recent actions have seriously violated that trust and placed your entire precinct in jeopardy to the point that even your partner was forced to report you.  Now tell me in your own words what you were thinking by passing that drug deal over."
Skyline started to shake, first with rage and then with frustration.  It didn't take mind powers to see what was going through his head.  He had no friends here.  "You," he said.
"Me?" she asked.
Oh hell.
Just what I was afraid of.
"It's your damn fault!  I had to see you fall somehow.  I thought if I just let a few things slide then it would come back to bite you.  I can't stand you damn ladder climbers, always looking for ways to get to the top, no matter who you have to step on to get there!" he yelled.
Ace controlled her own frustration.  It wasn't like he understood that she hadn't even wanted the position.  And telling him wouldn't make any difference, not since people found out she was related to Bones.  There were still people that thought that she'd been promoted to lieutenant as a result.
"Lieutenant, I'm afraid there is more he is trying to hide," Vague spoke up and she did not sound happy.
"What?" Ace asked.
She's good.  Whatever it is, it's subtle.
What it is?
I can't tell, there's too much interference.  Vague will figure it out though.  Like I said, she's good.
"That's just it sir, he is deliberately putting up a wall to keep me from the memory," Vague replied.
Damn it!  Something is off.  He would never do that deliberately.
Are you sure?
Absolutely.
"Hero Skyline, you will allow Hero Vague in or I will put you in suppressors," Ace ordered.  She fully expected Skyline to ignore her.  She did not expect him to lunge at Vague.  In the air Skyline was fast, but unluckily for him Ace was much faster.  It took a great deal of control not to cause a sonic boom as she moved, but she managed. 
Ace slapped suppressors on Skyline and gently threw him back into his chair.  As Vague regained her composure Ace called for backup.  The situation was bad enough.  The last thing she wanted was to have to injure a fellow officer.  Let that fall to one of the Fourths.  
It didn't take long for Bulldog and Blitz to show up.  Ace nodded towards the still struggling Skyline, who she had pinned to the chair with one hand.  The two massive Fortress Class picked him up and kept him still while Vague read his mind.  It didn't take long for her to finish.  She sat down in her chair, hard.  "This is very bad.  We are going to want Ms. Carpenter to confirm the details, but Skyline is working with the HSO.  I don't know if he's aware of it," Vague said.
"Damn it!" 
Resisting the urge to hit something, Ace called up Torment, Captain Angel and Emily on her device.  Their three faces appeared on the screen.  "I need all three of you up here ASAP.  We've got a problem."
"Be right there," Emily replied.
"Same here," the captain and Torment said simultaneously.  Ace then stuck her head out the door and shouted, "Maniac, come here!"  She forgot to regulate her strength so the shout rattled the windows in their casings.  
Her partner came down the hall at a run.  "I need you check Skyline for a kill switch," Ace said, as Maniac gave her a raised eyebrow.
Maniac didn't bother with any questions.  She came in and placed a hand on Skyline's forehead.  "He's clean of a kill switch, but there's something else in there.  Hell.  They jacked into his basic motor and memory control centers.  Just give me a minute."
"Can you actually get to it?"
"Yeah, it's hard to explain, but yes."
That's why Vague was having such a hard time with him.
While Maniac was working, the three Mental Class came in.  Ace locked her door behind them and then filled them in on the situation.  "This is bad.  Skyline is a senior officer, he's got a lot of influence with his fellow heroes," Captain Angel said.
"I've got him in seniority, sir.  Makes me wonder if they got to me too," Bulldog said.  There was a look of deep concern on his normally jovial face.
"Emily, look through Bulldog's mind, see if you can find anything.  Vague, help her out," the captain said and Ace felt Emily and Vague using their powers.  The feeling of the natural laws bending and changing to fit the needs of the Exceptionals was one of the most difficult things to explain to normals.  It also served as one of the biggest points of antagonism from anti-Exceptional groups.
"There's nothing unusual that I can find," Emily said after about five minutes.  
"I think he is in the clear," Vague confirmed.  
"Blitz, your turn," Captain Angel ordered.  The Fortress Class shrugged.  Blitz wasn't one to use words when a shrug would suffice.
Vague checked him as well and let out a sigh of relief after about five minutes.  "I've got it!" Maniac exclaimed and stepped away from Skyline.  The older officer had a vacant expression on his face.  His body spasmed and then went limp.  They waited for a heartbeat then he opened his eyes and said, "What have I done?'
Chapter 19

"Vague, put in a call to Bones.  We need to order an immediate scan of all EED personnel.  There's no telling who else the HSO has got to," Captain Angel ordered.  Vague started towards the door, but paused and said, "I haven't been checked."
"Emily," the captain said.  There was a snap to his voice, but Emily complied.  She understood the situation.  They were all tense.  It was clear that Skyline's memory had been tampered with, either by the device that Maniac had disabled, or an HSO Mental Class.  There was a possibility that any one of them could have the same device.
Except you.
Yeah, except me.
It only took a moment for Emily to check Vague.  "I'm pretty sure she's clean, along with the rest of us.  I did a comparison to what I saw in Skyline to what I see in each of us.  There is a?disharmony? in Skyline's thought patterns.  None of us share that same disharmony.  I know," she held up a hand to quiet the potential arguments, "It's not perfect, but we have to start trusting some time.  I think this is where it starts."
"I agree.  Vague, call Bones.  Emily see if you can find something in Skyline's memories.  Ace, call in any one else from the Aerial Patrol that you've had to discipline.  Torment, you and I are going to double check everyone here," the captain ordered.  They all moved to comply with their orders.  Bulldog and Blitz sat Skyline down in one of the few chairs in Ace's office.  The older officer sat with his face in his hands.
Ace went through her recent reports and started sorting them out.  There weren't very many reports on disciplinary action.  There was the possibility that some people hadn't been reported, so she had to check all of them to look for any inconsistencies in the behavior of any of her officers.
"What do you want me to do, sir?"  It was Hawk, Skyline's partner.  He looked depressed.  Ace had nearly forgotten he was there while dealing with Skyline.  She did not envy the position he was in.  On the one hand, he'd reported his partner, something that was considered a violation of trust among heroes.  On the other, because he'd had the guts to make the report they'd been able to find a massive security breach that might well extend to all levels of the EED  
He's really conflicted.  You need to be gentle with him.
Any suggestions?
Just remember how Angel handled you the other day.
"You just wait here.  I might need you to check on some of the other officers," Ace said.  
He nodded and sat off to one side, his face showing his mood clearly.  Ace could figure what he was thinking.  He was going to be labeled a nark as soon as word got out that he ratted out his partner.  Even though it led to them finding the HSO implant, the other heroes might not look at it that way.
"Me, sir, why would I be worried?" he replied.  Sarcasm.  At least he was keeping his frustration and anger in check.
"Look I can't promise you that there won't be fallout for this.  It is going to be hell for a while for you.  But once we get this HSO disaster dealt with people will know that you were the one with the balls to do something about it," Ace said.  
Hawk shook his head.  "Is there a hero out there who'd want to be my partner after this?"
"Sure.  I can name a handful off the top of my head, but you won't have to change partners.  Once Moses takes that thing out of Skyline's head he'll be back on active duty.  Well, unless he did it willingly.  And if that's the case I know a couple of rookies that will need a good trainer.  We need people like you who are willing to follow the rules regardless of personal cost.  Yes, we want to encourage loyalty to the department, but not at the expense of the law.  An entire war was fought by Exceptionals because some of them wanted to be above the law.  To me, this is no different.   You've chosen your side, Hawk, and I hope you are willing to stick with it.  Like I said we need good, solid heroes right now," Ace said.  She watched Hawk's reaction out of the corner of her eye.  He seemed to relax somewhat at her words.  She hoped it was enough.
He's loyal alright.  Loyal to you.  

The next few hours were tense around the office.  Emily did find the memory of when Skyline had been implanted and they were relieved to see that it had not been willingly.  It had also happened over a month prior to the Technosis incident.  "They've been planning this for a long time, just waiting for the right moment," Emily said as she wrote her report.  She'd borrowed a laptop and was sitting in Ace's office.  Skyline had been sent to Moses for removal of the HSO implant.  Hawk was out rounding up another suspicious hero with Bulldog as backup.
"It makes me wonder what they are after.  It all just seems so random," Ace said as she looked over the last of her reports.  So far Torment and Angel hadn't found anything suspicious in any of the on duty EED personnel.  They were currently speaking with the normal captain to see if he wanted them to scan the non-Hero personnel.  
"I think I'm starting to get a vague idea of what they are after," Emily said.
"Really?" Ace asked.  "You think you could give me a clue?"
Emily came and placed her laptop on Ace's desk and said, "Read this."
Ace looked it over.  It was Emily's report on what little she'd been able to get from Technosis.  "Okay, I've read this before.  The prevailing opinion is Technosis was just let loose as a distraction," Ace said.
"Right, now read this," Emily continued, flipping to another document.  This one Ace was also familiar with.  It was the report on the group they had apprehended at the corporate headquarters of Tenth Avenue National.  She took her time reading it over.  There was something that Emily was seeing in these reports and Ace was determined to figure it out.  Once she was finished Emily flipped to another report.  It was Skyline's.
Oh crap.  
"They're stirring the pot," Ace said as she finished reading.
"Just like you thought.  Someone is trying to cause chaos in New Davenport.  My only question is why?  I mean the EED would be the perfect way for them to start exerting control over the normals.  If they could get their influence in far enough," Emily said.
That would never happen, not with the old man around.
"That's just it, they'll never be able to.  I know the higher ups in the EED and every last one of them is safeguarded against any kind of tampering.  There's a system of checks and balances to prevent it.  They would have to hit every last member of the EED Advisory Council at the same time in order to corrupt our very core, so instead they're trying to undermine us," Ace said.  The old man had done a good job with that particular system.
"Instead they are trying to drive a rift between the Exceptionals and normals, like before the war.  New Davenport would be the best place for it.  If they can manage it here, the City of Unity, then they can manage it anywhere," Emily said.
That's got to be it.
"We need to let Captain Angel know so he can get word up the line," Ace said and stood.  Just then Torment burst into the office and said, "They've taken Einstein!"
Chapter 20

"Hell!"  Ace growled.  "How did they manage that?"
"We're still working on that.  We need you out there now," Torment ordered.
Ace started towards the door.  "Emily tell her what you told me.  She might have figured some things out, Torment."
Every EED facility was equipped with fast access roof ports for use by Sky Class Heroes.  Ace hit theirs going as fast as she dared.  One accident where she had gone through too fast and torn the doors off had taught her just how fast she could enter or exit.  
Once she was clear of the building she went up, fairly high, and looked up Einstein's address on her device.  Once she had it she flew there at just under the speed of sound.  All around her the natural laws bent out of her way.  
There was someone waiting for her when she arrived.  They introduced themselves by hammering at her with kinetic blasts.  Just like with bullets the energy dissipated when it hit her.  She landed next to her attacker and gave them a "gentle" push.  They went flying and crashed to the ground.  They rolled another ten feet, but Ace was on them before they could recover. 
"Don't you dare move!" she growled.  The Anti looked at her in terror.  "They didn't tell me the Fifth was coming!  Please don't kill me!"
"Shut it!  You're under arrest.  Under the Exceptionals Lockdown order and Article Two your rights are suspended, so you had damn well better start talking or we're going to rip the information out of you!" Ace was letting her temper get the better of her, but so far she hadn't lied to him, just stretched the truth a bit.
I think he pissed himself.
"I don't know, man, I don't know!  They didn't tell me what was going on, just paid me to keep watch and take out any EED agents that got close!" the Anti said, tears starting to form in his wide eyes.
"Damn.  Don't move!" Ace ordered and then called Torment on her device.  "What's the situation?" she asked.
"Bad.  I've got a suspect.  We need a team over here ASAP to see if they left trace behind.  I've got the scene - damn!  Scene not secure!" she barely dodged out of the way, dragging the now sobbing Energy Class Anti with her, as a massive Fortress Class plowed through where she'd been standing.
She slapped suppressor cuffs on the Energy Class and put him behind a car.  "Stay put!" she ordered and then charged the other Anti.  She was big, at least Tomahawk's equal and that would make her just as strong.  Ace hit her hard, harder than she'd ever hit anyone, and this new Exceptional flew backwards, crashing into a tree.  
She recovered quickly, charging Ace.  They met midway and the force of the impact broke bones in the Anti's shoulder and arm.  Unfortunately, Ace could feel the damage knit back together almost instantly.  
I've always wondered of Esperanza was stronger than Tomahawk.  Now I can say for certain that yes, yes she is.  Espaa is going to be pissed to find her here.
Not really my concern at the moment.
Since her opponent could heal quickly, Ace took her power up another notch.  Moving faster than the Anti could react she threw her to the ground and followed that up by grabbing her opponent's hair and slamming her head into the concrete until she stopped moving.  Ace waited just long enough for some of the damage to heal before she slapped suppressor cuffs on her wrists.  She called Torment back.  "Scene secure," she said through deep breaths.
"What the hell happened?" Torment asked.
"Damned Anti, stronger than Tomahawk.  It looks like Esperanza Escobar from Espaa," Ace reported.  "I don't recognize the other guy, but he didn't seem to know much."
"I'll send a team over.  Keep an eye on things," Torment said and hung up.  Ace picked up the still unconscious Anti and carried her over to Einstein's yard.  She then went and ordered the Energy Class to go and stand by her.  While they waited Ace asked him basic questions.  She got a little out of him, like his name.  James Wilson.  He was just a Reg that the HSO had bought out.  It happened.  People were greedy, Exceptionals or not.
Once backup arrived, in the form of Peace's team, Ace went back to the precinct and reported in person to Captain Angel.  "Good work Ace.  Fortunately, Peace's technomancer took care of the kill switch in Esperanza.  Espaa is going to be glad to get her back.  Turns out she's been missing for a while."
"Any news on Einstein?" she asked.
"Not yet, but we both know they didn't take him for ransom.  We can't let the HSO get the secrets in his head.  They already came up with that damned hybrid.  With Einstein I don't even want to picture what they'll do.  They might even be able to get to you.  That can't happen," the captain said.  He sounded exhausted.  Ace understood that feeling all too well.  The HSO getting a hold of Einstein was probably the worst thing she could think of happening.
He needs to get some sleep.
They all do.  Not even Fourths can push themselves for this long.
No only Fifths can.
"I might be able to locate him, sir, but I can't guarantee anything," Ace said.
"How?"  Hope and suspicion warred across his features.  Ace wanted to tell him, she really did, but there were some things that he was better off not knowing for the moment.
Are you sure about this Ace?
When am I ever sure about anything?  This needed to happen sooner or later anyway.
"It's? classified," she replied.
Captain Angel raised an eyebrow.  "Classified?"  He stared at her, but Ace didn't budge.  "How much can you tell me?"  He sounded skeptical.  That was understandable.  Ace had done some pretty world changing things in her time in the military and not a one of them were classified.  A good portion of them had been broadcast on international TV.  This was different.  She would have to talk to the old man.
The old man is not going to like this.  I'm not disagreeing with you though.
"Nothing at all, sir.  I can't even stress to you how important it is that you tell no one we even had this conversation," she replied.
"And what should I say when people ask what you're up to?"
"Tell them I'm working an angle that might help us locate Einstein."  She didn't like keeping secrets, hated to in fact, but there was very little she could do.  The old man was going to be hard enough to deal with already.  If she told people before checking with him there would be hell to pay.  
"I could order you to tell me," Captain Angel said.
"You could, but then you would have every last member of the EED Advisory Council in your office and you would likely lose your job.  There's a good possibility they would even revoke your Registration.  That's how sensitive this information is," Ace replied.
Yeah the last guy that found out "died by natural causes".
I still say that was an overreaction.
He let out a sigh and said, "Do what you've got to do."
"Thank you, sir.  And for what it's worth, I'm sorry," Ace said and left the room.  
She avoided her own office so she wouldn't have to run into Emily.  She wasn't certain if her friend would be able to see the information that Ace had brought out of her memories, but she didn't dare risk it happening even by accident.  She left the precinct via the flight hatch and went up as high as she felt necessary.  The air was thin and it was damned cold, not that any of that fazed her.  This was where she went to think.
Was she really going to make this call?  She thought over what could happen if they let Einstein remain in the hands of the HSO for long.  They wouldn't break him, he was too valuable, but they would tear information from him.  Information that would give them access to the same technology that allowed the EED to do its job.  
Einstein was the reason the EED maintained their edge against Antis.  With that information in the hands of an extremist group like the HSO things would get bad fast.  It would probably mean another war.  That thought chilled Ace to her core.  Above all else that could not be allowed to happen.
Your powers aren't strong enough to find him, you know that.  Make the call
I hope we are making the right decision.
Having made up her mind, Ace descended back to an altitude where it was safe to use her device.  She punched in what to most would have seemed a random series of numbers then turned it off.  After a short wait her device switched on and the screen read, "Warehouse 2."
She sighed in relief and flew to her destination.  She'd been worried the old man wouldn't get her call.  Now she just had to convince him.
Chapter 21

Warehouse 2 was actually an abandoned club in downtown.  The owners had met with financial difficulties and the bank had foreclosed on them.  Now it sat vacant, its doors and windows boarded and city security installed.  Ace landed silently on the building's roof.  The old man was there.  He didn't look happy.
"The HSO has Einstein," she said.
"Inside," he said.  He sounded genuinely angry.  That was a surprise.
He's conflicted.  That's a first.
He's never wanted things to be like this.  
True, but he also understands the necessity.
They went in through a supposedly locked roof access door.  Once the door closed behind them lights came on.  Warehouse 2 was one of a handful of locations that the EED maintained behind the scenes in order to uphold the law.  Ace had never liked the idea of hiding anything from the public, but she wasn't stupid.  She knew there were things that people were better off not knowing.
They walked in silence to the old man's office.  It was only the second time Ace had been there.  The door closed and Ace waited.  The old man sat with a sigh and said, "I am aware of the Einstein situation.  We are currently doing everything we can to track him down, but like I've told you the HSO is damned difficult to track."
"You're not doing everything, sir," Ace said.
He frowned and shook his head.  "Are you sure you want to?"  She was letting him see what she was thinking.
She nodded.  "Let me see my sister."
The old man sighed and stood up.  "There is no guarantee that this is going to work.  One person suppressed is not enough evidence."
"Just do it, let me see her," Ace said.  It was a demand and those usually didn't go over well with the old man.  At that very moment Ace didn't really care.  She'd waited too long to test her theory already.
With another sigh he led her out of the room and down three floors.  As they went down Ace could feel the presence of suppression technology.  It strained against her, almost like a living thing.  At each floor it got stronger, more persistent.  Still it wasn't enough to hamper her powers.  The level of sophistication on the suppression technology was beyond anything else in the world.  It went beyond Fourth Generation levels of understanding.
In the very center of the floor they came to a single door.  "I can't go in there, Ace," the old man said.  "She's too much for me, too much for anyone."
Ace nodded and opened the door just wide enough to slip through.  She closed it quickly behind her and she turned to face a room that looked pulled from a fairy tale.  Each wall was lined with shelves filled with books.  The only gap in the shelves was to make room for a large desk.  There was a large, neatly made bed in the middle.  
Everything on the desk was neatly organized and the ClearScreen monitor was blank.  The chair at the desk turned and Ace could feel the tears starting.  It was like looking into a mirror.  Every feature, quirk, and movement was echoed by her sister.
"Is it working?" she asked.
Angela nodded, the tears already forming.  "Finally.  I can finally control them, all of them."
Ace wrapped her sister in a gentle embrace.  She hadn't seen Angela since their birth.  It had been immediately apparent that Angela was a Used.  As an infant the flood of information would have been too much so they took her and hid her away.  Layer after layer of the most advanced shielding the EED could come up with was used to separate her from the world, for everyone's protection.
Angela was Ace's opposite, her complement.  What no one else knew was that between the two of them they had every power ever found among the Exceptionals.  Some were stronger than others, but they were all there, with a few shared between them.  The main difference was where Ace had precise control over her powers, Angela had none.  It had always been a source of deep frustration for Ace, but ever since meeting and helping Emily, Ace had hoped she might finally have found a solution to her sister's imprisonment.
"Truly, you have complete control?" Ace asked.  
Her sister nodded, unable to put to words what she was feeling at that very moment.  Ace knew.  Now that there was no shielding between them their minds reached out and reconnected.  What Ace knew, Angela knew, and vice versa.  Just as they were meant to be.  
"Let's get you out of here," Ace said.  She went and knocked on the door.  There was no handle on the inside.
The old man opened it a small crack.  "She's fine," Ace said gently.
"It works?  Your power really brought hers under control?" he asked.
"See for yourself," Ace replied and pushed the door open.  
For a moment the old man and Angela stood facing each other in silence.  Through her tears Angela finally spoke, "I'm free."
The old man stared to tear up and turned away.  "Good.  Ace, take your sister out of here.  I'll see to it that everything is moved to your place.  You two go find Einstein and stop the HSO."
"Our pleasure," they both said.

Back at the precinct everyone that saw them stopped and stared.   It was truly impossible to tell them apart as they walked into the building.  They passed through the bio-scanners separately and they didn't even flicker when Angela walked through.
On the EED floor they were met at the elevator doors by Emily.  Ace's friend stood and stared for almost a minute before Angela said, "You must be Emily.  I'm Ace's twin sister.  Thank you for everything you've done for her.  I cannot tell you how much I appreciate it."
Emily nodded with a dumbstruck look on her face.  "Any news on Einstein?" Ace asked as she and Angela started walking towards Angel's office.  
Emily recovered from her surprise quickly and followed saying, "Not yet.  The captain is about ready to go crazy.  The entire EED is in on this one."
"Damn," Ace said.  She knocked on the captain's door and waited for his permission before entering.  Unsurprisingly Torment was there, but so was Bones.  All three of them stared with the same dumbfounded expression that Emily had upon seeing the twins.
"This is my twin sister Angela," Ace said.  Her sister didn't need a hero identity.  She officially didn't exist outside of the EED's most secure database.  "She's a registered hero of the EED and she's here to help us."
There was silence in the room for at least a minute.  "My powers are the opposites of my sister's.  I'll be able to locate Einstein, but first I need access to his personnel file," Angela said.  She held up her badge for all present.
"How do we know what you're saying is true?" Torment asked.  To say that she looked skeptical was an understatement.
"Check the EED database," Ace suggested.  Both the captain and Torment turned to their devices, but Bones stood and without hesitation gave Angela a hug.  "I always wondered?I've been waiting a long time to meet you," he said.
"Me too," Angela said, returning the hug.
"So there are her records and her EED profile.  I don't suppose we are ever going to get an explanation as to why she has been hidden from us for the past twenty-five years," Captain Angel said.  Ace shrugged in apology.
"Right, so you say you can find Einstein, well here's his profile."
He turned his monitor for all to see.  Angela took a chair and started looking over the information.  "She's your opposite, right?" Emily asked quietly.
"She is," Ace replied.  She wasn't going to go into much more detail than that.  Let everyone think that Angela was just a Mental Class, like they thought Ace was just a Fortress Class.  Emily got a faraway look in her eye for a moment and then shook her head like she was trying to clear her thoughts.
"You okay?" Ace asked.
"Your sister is just very persuasive, and persistent.  Just like you," Emily replied.  There was a small smile on her face.  "At least I finally understand why you occasionally get that 'I'm having another conversation' look in your eye.  She was talking to you."
"Yeah.  She and I have been able to do that our whole lives, as long as we are within a few hundred miles of each other."  Ace kept her voice down, not wanting to bring too much attention to herself and the fact that she'd been lying about being the only Fifth.
"I think I have what I need," Angela announced and stood up.  "This might take a little while, so be patient."
Power filled the room as Ace's twin used her abilities and started looking.  "What is she doing?" Emily asked quietly.
"She can trace down Exceptionals by following their power signature, that's why she had to read his file first.  Being familiar with Einstein's suite of powers gave her a starting point, now all she has to do is follow the trail.  At least that's how she explained it to me.  I get the feeling it is much more complex," Ace replied.
"There aren't many Exceptionals who can do that; it's a pretty rare power," Bones added.
They waited in silence after that.  After half an hour Angela finally sat down slowly and opened her eyes.  "I've found him.  They've got him pretty heavily guarded.  Even my sister is going to have a hard time getting to him without any collateral damage.  Here's the address," she wrote down the address on a piece of paper on Angel's desk.
"Can you describe the building?" Bones asked.
"Give me a moment at your computer, captain, and I'll pull up its schematics," Angela replied.  
Angel moved out of the way and Angela made her way carefully around to his chair.  Ace could feel how tired she was.  This was the first time she was consciously using her powers, not just being used by them.  The effort was bound to take its toll on her sooner rather than later.  
"Here it is," Angela said after only a few minutes at the computer.
"They're keeping him at the Marriot?" Captain Angel said as he looked at the screen.
The look on Angela's face dared him to challenge her.  "Send Ghost in to confirm if you want."
"I'd rather not risk her, if there is as much security as you say even Ghost might have problems.  How are we going to do this people?" Captain Angel asked.
Chapter 22

"They are going to expect a frontal assault.  I mean we have Ace, they are going to expect and probably want us to use her," Torment said.
"We don't dare, not in such a public area.  There are always going to be people in that building.  And even if we were to evacuate that would give them way too much warning.  They could have Einstein moved out before a single member of the EED could get to them," Bones added.
"No matter what we can't let them put normals in more danger.  That's been the whole point of this offensive.  They want to damage the public perception of the EED and cause a wider rift between normals and Exceptionals.  They will be able to incite worse incidents if there is an air of distrust," Torment said.  Emily had told her all about the suspicions that she and Ace had about the HSO's motives.
"Captain, can you bring your technomancers to my sister's office?  There are some security measures that were present in that building that I would like to discuss with them," Angela asked.  
"What?  Why?"  Captain Angel asked.  The question clearly was unexpected.  He fixed Angela with a look, expecting an answer.  He was under a lot of stress at the moment, so his brisk attitude was understandable.
"I have access to powers that my sister does not, but I'm?out of practice with some of them.  I need people like Ace's partner Maniac to help me," Angela replied.  She kept her tone even.  
"Do it.  The technomancers might be able to find a hole that we can exploit," Bones said.
"Right sorry, I'm just not thinking clearly," Angel reached for his device and he collapsed.  Ace caught him before he could hit the floor and she laid him down gently.  Torment was already dialing Moses while Angela put her hand on Angel's head.  Her eyes were closed and then she shook her head.  "He's overworked his powers.  He's been in direct mental contact with all of his officers since Einstein was taken.  He's worn out, exhausted, and only rest will take care of that."
Ace sighed in relief.  Losing Captain Angel permanently would be nothing but bad for the EED.  "Torment, you're in charge of this office while Angel is recovering then," Bones said glancing in her direction.
"Yes sir," she replied with a nod.  She then made the call that Angel had been about to make.
With Blip's murder there were only three technomancers in their office.  Maniac was one, the other two Ace knew, but not well.  The first was Glitch, a female officer with a bit of a hard-ass reputation.  The other was Pong.  He was quiet and sort of flew beneath the social radar.
All three came to Captain Angel's office where Torment briefed them on the situation.  All three stared at Angela when they were told who she was.  Maniac looked at Ace and then back to Angela and then back to Ace.  Ace smiled and nodded.  Maniac's eyes narrowed and Ace knew she was going to hear about it from her partner.  They were partners she should have been one of the first to know about Angela, screw the situation.
-I warned you about that, Angela said.
-What can I do?  Things have been crazy, Ace replied.
Once Angela had led the technomancers to Ace's office the rest of them tried to figure out the best option for rescuing Einstein.  "Here's another problem, and I know what the law says, but we can't let Einstein get killed.  The HSO would be able to use that against us just as easily as normal casualties," Emily added.
Ace shook her head in frustration.  She was getting to the point where she wanted to hit something, and that was bad.  "I need to be excused," she said and got up to leave.  
"Are you alright?" Torment asked, half rising from her chair.
"Yeah, just need to blow off a little steam is all," Ace replied.  Torment nodded, she understood all too well that if Ace said she needed to blow off some steam it was best to let her.  Ace went to the elevator and punched in the floor for the gym.
Chapter 23

Ace wasn't sure how long it was before her sister came and found her.  "You know it scared the hell out of me when you left like that."
"Sorry about that," Ace replied.  She'd already gone through one heavy bag and her current target wasn't looking much better.
"Well now we know the limit of my control," Angela continued.  She sat and watched her sister as she worked.  "That will change.  Emily can handle being on the other side of town from me, for a little while at least."
"You know I know everything that's going on in your head, right?" Angela asked as Ace continued to hit the heavy bag.  She didn't bother with gloves or wraps.  She just pounded it bare knuckled.
"Just like I know what's going on in your head," Ace replied.
"So this is kind of like talking to myself?" Angela said with a smile.  Ace laughed.  "Yeah I guess it is.  Maniac still pissed at me?"
"Yup, but she'll get over it.  She's good people.  She's just worried Emily or I is going to take her place as your partner," Angela replied.  "She likes you and wants to be kept in your circle of friends."
Ace hadn't thought of that.  She hadn't thought of much beyond the HSO case recently.  
"Everyone is worried that I'm going to start replacing people just because I have new friends, or a sister.  It would be nice if people talked to me about such things before jumping to ridiculous conclusions."
Angela smiled.  
"So do you agree with their plan?" Ace asked.
"You know I don't," Angela replied.
"But we're still going to do it," Ace said.
"They see it as the only option.  The technomancers have agreed as well, though they weren't happy about it either," Angela said.  She was frowning.  It was a bad situation with no good options, but the plan might work.  
"Someone's not making it out of this one," Ace said at last.  She vented the last of her anger in one last punch to the bag.  The material buckled and collapsed.  Time for a new one.
"You can't be certain of that, not even I'm certain of that," Angela said.
Ace shook her head.  "I learned one thing serving as a soldier, when the enemy is the one calling the shots someone on our side always dies."

Back in Ace's office she thought over the details of the plan, and of the whole situation.  There were parts of both that bothered her.  It was like she was only seeing part of the puzzle.  The HSO wanted the Exceptionals to rule, maybe to even wipe out all the normals, which didn't make any kind of sense because there was no guarantee that an Exceptional would be born from Exceptional parents.  
In any case that was supposedly their whole goal.  Taking Einstein made sense within the parameters of that one goal.  The knowledge and expertise that he had, combined with his powers made Einstein a powerful tool.  That was why the HSO had kidnapped him.
What didn't make sense within that goal was what they had done to Exceptionals like Technosis and the nameless technomancer at the Tenth Avenue Bank.  She had to wonder how far the HSO was willing to go to achieve their goal.  Even when they rescued Einstein there were still other Exceptionals out there who they could experiment on. 
She stood and left her office.  Thinking was getting her nowhere.  What she needed to do was act.  It was about time the HSO really understood what it meant to pick a fight with her.  She'd had enough of their plans, of doing things their way.  She was going to make them respond to her.  No more playing things safe.  She was going to give the HSO exactly what they wanted; her.
"Kill the power in the Marriot.  I'm going in and I'll get Einstein out," she said as she walked into Angel's office.  Bones was manning the captain's desk.  Angel had been taken to Genesis West by Moses.  Bones had stayed on to help organize the offensive against the Marriott.  
"We decided that might provoke them-" her uncle began but Ace cut him off, "I am tired of playing their games.  If they want to take one of ours they are going to find out that I do not fear them.  It is about damn time they realize what it means to piss off a Fifth."
Bones gave her a hard look.  "I could order you detained."
Ace raised an eyebrow.  "With all due respect, sir, I dare you to find someone stupid enough to try that."
"What about your sister?" Bones countered.
"She's the only one that could, but she agrees with me.  She'll be there as my backup.  This has to stop and I'm going to stop it.  I won't lose any more good people to the HSO's plans when there's something I can do to prevent it. Our enemies, all of our enemies, are going to learn that at least in this town they had better walk small or they're going to have a whole lot of me and my sister to deal with.  Now you do what you've got to do, sir, but I'm taking at least Maniac with me and we are going to end this right now," Ace said.  Her voice was flat.  There was no anger, just determination.  She was going to end this, no matter what it took.
Bones leaned back in his borrowed chair.  He gave her a long look and then said, "Do it."
-Sneaky bastard.
-What do you mean?
She could feel Angela's amusement.  That was new and was going to take some getting used to.  -This is what he wanted from the very beginning.  He wanted you to take command of the operation.
Ace nodded and left the office.  She dialed Maniac on her device.  "What's up?" Maniac asked as her face appeared on the screen.  There was definite relief written on her features.
"Get the rest of the squad and your technomancer buddies and meet me at the carrier.  We're going in after Einstein my way," Ace replied.
Maniac grinned.  "You got it partner."
They hung up and Ace was about to call Emily when her caller ID popped up on Ace's device.  "Read my mind?"
Emily laughed.  "Not me.  Angela said to give you a call.  We're still working on getting her an EED registered device.  She told me the basics of your plan.  Are you sure about this?"
"You know I am," Ace replied.  She was at her desk picking up her new service piece and dropping off her body armor.  She really truly didn't need it.  Even if the HSO did somehow find her weakness body armor was unlikely to help her.
"I just needed to hear it directly from you.  Despite how connected you and your sister are there can still be differences of opinion between you, and yes even different levels of conviction," Emily said.  "We'll meet you at the carrier."
"See you there," Ace said and they hung up.
"So you're finally going to act?"  It was Torment that spoke.
"You've been expecting this?" Ace asked as she straightened from her desk and looked up at her commanding officer.
Torment was armed, armored and there was a look of almost excitement in her eyes.  "Something like that.  I've just a touch of prophecy and every time it comes it's because of you.  From you joining the EED, to coming to New Davenport, all the way down to you being on my team.  Every time I saw you right before you showed up.  Minimal amounts of prophecy can be maddening for people like me, but with you around it has been less of an annoyance.  Has Bones signed off on this?"
"I think it's what he wanted from the beginning.  He didn't do a lot to persuade me otherwise," Ace replied.  She didn't know if she completely agreed with Angela, but Bones' agreeing as easily as he had was suspicious.  
"So what's the plan?" Torment asked.
"Simple.  The technomancers will kill the power, but just for the Marriott.  Anyone that comes out gets scanned by you and Emily.  Angela will spend her time guiding me to where they've got Einstein.  Anyone who gets in my way is collateral damage," Ace explained.  She made her way to the elevators with Torment following.  
"I just figured out your pseudonym," Ace said as the elevator doors closed.  "Your limited prophecy torments you."
Torment smiled.  "You're the first to put two and two together.  Course not many people know about the prophecy part of my powers.  How about you, why Ace?"
Ace shrugged.  "That's what my grandparents, the ones who raised me, called me.  I have a given name, but they just always called me Ace.  Never could get a straight answer from them about why either.  I don't think they really know where it actually came from."  Torment did not know the truth behind her identity.
Torment laughed.  "That's just so damned cute!"  She looked at Ace out of the corner of her eye.  "I suppose that fits you though.  You look nothing like a Fortress Class, but I've seen you take Fourths apart like they were children.  So I suppose the origin of your pseudonym should be something unexpected."
They tried to figure out the origin of other heroes' names as they rode the elevator to the parking level; anything to preserve that little moment of levity.  They arrived to find the others waiting for them.  Ace knew that her sister had already told the others the plan so all she said was, "Any objections or suggestions?"
"We know where and how to hit the hotel, so we're ready whenever you are," Maniac replied.  
"Alright, let's do this," Ace stated and they loaded up.
Chapter 24

The New Davenport Marriott was big.  One of the largest hotels in the city.  It was located not far from Memorial Park.  Together with its attached convention center the whole facility occupied a large part of one city block.  Thankfully there were no major events happening at the moment, making the operation a little less difficult.
They dropped Maniac, Glitch and Pong off at the different sub-stations around the Marriott block.  Between the three of them they would be able to cut power to just the hotel and convention center.  
Ace parked their transport in a public lot and she and the rest of her team made their way to the hotel.  The others were wearing standard issue EED equipment.  That meant people got the hell out of their way as they moved down the sidewalk.  
As they arrived at the front doors of the hotel Maniac and the other technomancers radioed that they were ready.  Ace looked at Angela, who nodded.  "Do it," Ace radioed.
Not even a minute later every light that Ace could see in the building went out.  There was immediate panic among those going in and out.  The hotel staff didn't manage much better.  With rumors stilling circulating about the HSO people were bound to panic at the smallest things. 
"You know what to do, sis, tell me where to go," Ace said and started wading through the flood of people now flowing out the hotel doors.  
The light from the mid-afternoon sun only reached so far into the lobby.  It was a good thing Ace was an Exceptional or the press of evacuating people would have carried her out like a leaf trapped by a current.  Instead people rebounded off of her and kept going.  She was surprised the response was so immediate until she heard the fire alarms going off.  Smart move, she thought.  The technomancers were doing their jobs, now Ace just had to do hers.
-He's somewhere in the middle of the building, Angela said as Ace made her way towards the stairs.  
-Be careful in the stairwells.  There are some nasty surprises waiting for any Exceptional that comes near them, her sister warned her.  Ace acknowledged that she'd heard, but she pushed on.
The stairs were clear until the fourth floor.  At the fourth floor landing Angela said, -Careful, there's a surprise up the next flight of stairs.
Ace considered her options.  It was doubtful that whatever it was could hurt her, but at the same time she wanted to keep property damage to a minimum.  Instead of risking it she exited the stairwell.  With no windows the halls of the motel were pitch black.  Even Ace's enhanced vision only gave her a dim, black and white view of her surroundings.
-You need to go up five or six more floors.  I'll know better once you're a little closer.
Ace headed to a different set of stairs.  The door was rigged, which she discovered as she opened it.  Electricity arched across the metal frame and through her.  Her radio was fried, but she kept going.  As long as she still had contact with Angela she was fine.  
-I'll keep everyone updated on our progress, her sister assured her as she continued moving upwards.
She hit two more anti-Exceptional traps on her way up, but they weren't any more dangerous to her than the first.  It was when she reached the landing for the tenth floor that Angela said, -You're on the right floor, now you just have to get to him.  There aren't any other Exceptionals but him on the floor, so you'll have to be extra careful.
Ace paused as she was about to go through the door.  No other Exceptionals.  That didn't make any sense.  She didn't doubt her sister, but what was going on?  How could the HSO not be using Exceptionals?  That was their whole identity, Homo Superior, they were better than normals.  
-We are missing something important, I just don't know what it is, she said to her sister as she entered the floor and started making her way through the darkness.
-That's been bothering me as well.  I'm starting to wonder if this is the HSO at all.
It was slow going.  She had to move carefully to avoid attracting attention.  Like most fancy hotels the halls of the Marriot were cluttered with useless decorations.
Even as careful as she was being and even with her sister's help she still got shot at a few times.  Each time she intercepted and cuffed the gunman.  She was just glad they were professionals.  They fired off controlled bursts instead of opting for the "spray and pray" method.  Each time she spotted muzzle flare she was able to zero in on her target.  
She did eventually find the room that her sister marked as the place Einstein was being held.  She waited for Angela's okay before carefully trying the door handle.  The door was actually slightly ajar and she nearly closed it in her caution.  With as much care as she could manage she opened the door and stepped into the room.  "Einstein?" she whispered.
"Don't move Ace it's a-"  She didn't hear what he said because she stepped down and there was a click, a flash and everything went black.
Chapter 25

Ace could feel rocks under her skin.  That wasn't good.  She checked and sure enough found that she wasn't wearing a single piece of clothing and she most certainly was not in the New Davenport Marriott.  There was slightly more light here than there had been at the hotel.  Ace could make out the vague shape of a small stone room that looked just a little too regular to have been a natural formation.
"Hello?" her voice sounded muted.
"Welcome, Ace.  We've been looking forward to this day for a long time."  The voice came through a small speaker mounted high up on the wall where Ace could just barely make it out.  It looked like something salvaged from an abandoned elementary school.  
"Cut the crap, where am I?"  Ace replied.
"You are in our testing facility," the voice replied.  It was hard to tell if it was a man or a woman over the speaker.  The sound quality was terrible.  "You see, we of the HSO have been looking for a chance to study your unique abilities for so very long."
"Screw you," Ace said.
"Now, now we let all of your friends leave peacefully.  If you are cooperative, they will remain unharmed.  If your hostilities continue we will start killing them."
Ace hesitated.  Angela would be fine, like Ace she was indestructible, but the others weren't and the HSO had already proven they were willing to kill Exceptionals who they deemed a threat.  "What's the plan then?" she asked.
"See if you can escape.  It's that simple. There are no-" the voice cut off as Ace broke through one of the nearby walls.  She found herself in a long, well lit corridor.  It ran as far as she could see in either direction.  She turned and ran to her left.  After a short distance she leapt up and through the ceiling.  Whatever it was made out of was considerably harder than anything Ace had ever encountered before.  
Natural laws flexed more than normal as she tore through whatever the strange material was.  She guessed she'd gone about ten feet before finally breaking in to open air.  She took in her surroundings and nearly went back down the hole she'd just created.  The room was full of people and she was still very naked.  
Everyone around her froze.  They were all dressed in black t-shirts and black cargo pants.  Most of them were carrying guns on their hips.  There was no one distinct nationality and it seemed as if every last one of them was looking right at her.  Judging by the long tables and trays full of food Ace figured she'd ended up in the facility's cafeteria.  
She took all of this in, along with her extreme embarrassment, before an alarm sounded.  "Warning, the prisoner has escaped.  All personnel are to respond with lethal force."  This time the voice was crystal clear and female.  Apparently this place warranted a better sound system than the dungeon she'd just escaped.
Not wanting to find out what kind of lethal force the people around her were equipped with, beyond standard firearms, Ace ran towards the nearest exit to the cafeteria.  A few shots rang out, but she ignored them and hit the exit at a very slow controlled run.  Once through the doors she turned and pounded the hinges until the metal was fused.  Not wanting to be caught standing still, Ace went down the hallway she found herself in.
The feeling she got from the place was that it was a training facility.  She pulled on her detection power and was surprised to find that there wasn't a single Exceptional in her range.  She was truly starting to wonder if the HSO was really what they claimed to be.  If they thought Exceptionals were superior, where were all their Exceptionals?
As she moved along the hall she checked doors.  What she found was relatively little.  Most were just bedrooms.  Each one had space to accommodate two people.  There were computers in each of the rooms, but she didn't bother with them.  Instead she looked for clothes.
She did eventually find some clothing that fit her well enough.  Feeling a little more confident now that she wasn't running around in her birthday suit, Ace kept looking for some direction.  She wanted very much to find who was in charge, but the place seemed huge and if they were all normals she had to be exceedingly careful.  The last thing she wanted was a trail of bodies to haunt her.
"Attention all personnel, be on the lookout for subject Ace, the Fifth Generation.  She has been sighted in residential block D4.  All personnel form assault teams.  Upgrade to heavy armaments and engage.  Lethal force is to be applied."  Again the voice was loud and clear.  
She didn't like the sound of heavy armaments.  These were potentially the same people that came up with the hybrid.  Who knew what kind of equipment they'd have in a facility like this?  She decided she didn't want to find out and kept moving.
Eventually Ace found a door that led outside.  Instead of just bursting through she took time to look through the small window.  As she suspected there were heavily armed guards pointing their guns at the door, just waiting to open fire.  There were other buildings visible and behind them shrub covered hills.  It reminded her of parts of eastern Oregon.  Wherever it was she was a long way away from New Davenport.  
"Don't move!" someone shouted.  Ace froze.
"Turn around!" It was a man shouting at her.  She turned slowly and saw a group of five or six heavily armored men pointing all manner of firearms at her as they slowly came closer.  "On the ground!"  She couldn't see the men's faces through their shielded helmets, but there was a nervous tremor in the voice of the one that was giving her orders.
"I wouldn't come any closer guys," she said, trying to sound friendly.  
They all froze.  Either she didn't sound as friendly as she hoped or they really were that terrified of her.  "Look, there's a whole group of your buddies just waiting for me to come charging out that door.  And that's exactly what I'm going to do, but if you all are too close there's a chance that one of you is going to get killed when they open fire.  I don't want that on my conscience and I pretty sure you don't want it on theirs."
"We've been given orders to detain you."  It was the same guy who'd spoken before.  His voice was shaky, so were his knees.  
"Right, see I'm going out that door," Ace cocked her head towards the door out, "You can either run back the way you came and hope I wait until you're a safe distance away, or you can try and detain me before I do and your buddies outside start firing.  Before you make that decision though, let me remind you that I am the fastest Exceptional alive.  In the time it takes the nerve impulse to get from your brain to your legs I can be through this door.  Choice is yours."
They hesitated for a second longer before turning as a group and running back down the hall.  Once Ace was fairly certain they were far enough away, there was no way to be sure, she hit the door as hard and as fast as she could muster.
The world around her seemed to explode into bullets and noise.  Visibility was limited through the curtain of lead that was pounding into her.  She kept her forward momentum and took to the air.  Once airborne she got a clear picture of the numbers waiting below.  With a deep breath she descended into the fray.  
She left a semi-circle of incapacitated guards and broken weapons in her wake.  One of the guards was still conscious.  She picked him up and said, "Where's your boss?"
He responded in a panicked stream of what sounded like Spanish.  "Slow down.  Do you speak English?"  For some reason Ace had never had the knack for languages.
"Yes," his voice was heavily accented, but she understood him.
"Where's your boss?" she asked again.
"There, the top floor," he replied.  She looked where he was pointing.  There was a group of buildings that looked pretty much identical.
"Which one?" she asked.
"Th- the farthest away," he replied.  His accent was getting thicker along with the fear in his voice.  There were two that could fit those directions, but Ace dropped him.  "Thanks."  
She took to the air and was again met by a hail of bullets, there were quite a few more.  Made sense, everyone on the ground with line of sight to her would be able to open fire once there was no danger of crossfire.  She flew to one of her two targets, not bothering to dodge the bullets.  What would be the point?  Her borrowed clothing was already in tatters and it wasn't like any of them were hurting her.
Once she was at her target some of the bullets trailed off.  They apparently didn't want to hit the buildings.  There were no windows.  That was annoying.  She didn't want to just bust through a wall.  If it was the actual command center then there were probably lots of people, increasing the chance that she could kill someone if she just broke in.  
Her thoughts were interrupted by a familiar sound and she dodge out of the way just as an RPG went flying past her.  With a sigh of annoyance, she followed the warhead and destroyed it before it could do any harm.  She then turned and followed the weapon's flight path back to its origin.  She landed next to the guard who fired the weapon.  He was getting ready to load another.  With a growl she took the launcher and bent it in an arc.  "These things are dangerous," she said.  
She smelt the all too familiar smell of urine as the guard dropped in a faint.  "Idiot," she muttered and went back to what she assumed, was the top floor of the building.  She was annoyed enough now that she just broke through a wall and hoped.  
Chapter 26

Ace came through the wall just a few feet away from a very startled woman.  She was holding a stack of file folders of all things.  Apparently the HSO, like the EED, liked to operate old school.  The woman was dressed in a blouse and skirt.  Her, her clothes and everything she was carrying were lightly coated in dust.  Ace looked at the woman then at the hole and the back and said, "Sorry about the mess.  You might want to run away now."
The woman dropped the folders and ran back the way she'd come, screaming.  Ace decided to try the other direction.  She encountered more people and they all looked like generic office workers.  Some ran away from her, some of them fainted at the sight of her.  There were people cowering in conference rooms and under desks as Ace searched.  She didn't bother trying to get information from them.  Those few that weren't crying uncontrollably had passed out.
She finally rounded a corner and saw a woman standing in front of a double doorway.  Her arms were folded and one eyebrow quirked.  She was strikingly beautiful with her red hair pulled up in a bun showing her model worthy features.  She was dressed like a high class CEO and when she spotted Ace she spoke.  "I've been wondering how long it would take you to find me."
"Well your employees haven't been very helpful.  Most have either been injured in the line of duty, fainted, pissed themselves or are so hysterical that I'm worried they might need to be put in an institution.  What the hell have you been telling them about me?" Ace replied.
The woman laughed.  "You are not the first Exceptional to run loose through our facility Hero Ace, just the most law abiding.  You will have to forgive my people.  The last time a Fortress Class broke free they left quite the mess behind them."
"Well I'm here to tell you that you are under arrest.  I can't even begin to think about the laws you've broken and that's just within the US," Ace said.  This woman was the first Exceptional Ace had encountered.  She had no idea what the woman's powers were, other than she was not a Fortress Class.  
"So you're here to arrest me, on my own property, well outside of your jurisdiction?  I hardly think that will sit well with anyone.  Besides you haven't given me the chance to elaborate on my plans.  Isn't that the way these scenes are supposed to play out?" the woman replied.  She looked confident enough, but when she asked that last question something in her voice changed.  
"Look lady I am under orders by not only the EED but every police agency in the United States of North America to bring into our custody the leader of the HSO.  Now if that's you then you're coming with me.  If you say you're not, then I'm here to bring you in for questioning.  And you can still be charged with kidnapping a hero.  So what's it going to be?" 
Her answer seemed to take the woman by surprise.  "Don't you want to know why I brought you here?"  She sounded confused, and almost heartbroken.  
"Not in the least.  I've seen the aftermath of your damned experiments.  You are sick lady and I don't want anything to do with you," Ace replied.
That just plain pissed her off.  "No.  NO!  NO!  This isn't the way it's supposed to be!  You're supposed to be defiant, but curious.  You have to give me time to divulge my plans before declaring you are going to stop me!  You aren't doing it right!  Heroes and villains have to do things right!"
"You've got to be kidding me.  You actually believe that crap?" Ace asked.  Apparently this woman had either watched too many movies or read too many comics.  She thought the world was supposed follow those rules.  "I'm just a normal hero lady.  I'm not one of those damned superheroes."
"NO!" the woman shouted.  "You are going to do it right!  I'm going to make you!"  She then jabbed a needle into her leg.  The motion took Ace by surprise, not giving her a chance to respond.  "Now what?"
"Now I have power.  Power that will rival yours!" the woman screamed and the laws of nature screamed with her.
The force of the scream hit Ace and caused her to stumble.  That was a first.  Ace was so put off by being staggered that she was totally unprepared when the woman slammed her fist into the side of her head.  It made a sound like a clap of thunder, rocking Ace's head back.
Before she could recover from the surprise of feeling pain the woman hit her again.  Again a sound like thunder accompanied the blow.  It was followed by another, and another.  Ace was confused and disoriented by the flurry of strikes and the thunderous noise they created.  It was like when two Fourth Generation Fortress Class clashed, just magnified by a power of a thousand.
At that rate of attack it didn't take long for Ace to be pounded through the floor.  She hit the carpeted floor below with a grunt.  Her attacker was slow in following, giving Ace a minute to recover.  Damn it.  She's strong, probably as strong as I am.  What the hell am I going to do?  She'd never in her entire life fought a fair fight.  It had never even been a possibility!
As Ace's mind started to panic, her training finally kicked in.  In the military and with the EED her trainers had never let her pass with the excuse that nothing could hurt her.  "You never know what can happen, kid."  That had been the motto of her drill sergeant.  Well, now she was grateful for that advice.  As her attacker jumped through the hole Ace caught her feet and slammed her into the floor.  
The woman cried out in pain, but Ace wasn't finished.  She squeezed both feet until she felt bones cracking.  Now the woman was screaming.  She thrashed violently and caught Ace a glancing blow to the chin.  With the woman's new-found strength, the hit was enough to snap Ace's head back and dislodge her grip.  As she stumbled back the woman started to crawl away.  
To Ace's immense frustration, the damage she'd caused was already starting to heal.  She followed the woman down the hall and as she stood slammed her fist into the back of her head.  This made the loudest crack of all, like an explosion.  The impact slammed the woman down again, leaving a dent in the floor where her forehead struck.
"I don't know how you did this to yourself, but I'll be damned if I let you get that knowledge out to people worse than you," Ace said as she pinned both arms behind the woman's back.  
She planted one knee in the small of her opponent's back and held on.  Her prisoner tried to struggle, but Ace had her held fast.  "Let me go!  I have to find the real heroes!" she screamed.  "I have to find someone who knows how it works!"
"Give up already!  There are no heroes!  There are just people.  Some are born with power, others without, that's all.  And those with power have to protect those without, especially from people like you.  Now you are under arrest!" Ace shouted over her prisoner's screams.
Suddenly the struggling stopped and the woman beneath her went limp.  Ace let her go on reflex and once she was free the woman curled into a ball and started crying.  "I'm still not good enough," she repeated over and over. 
Still confused Ace picked up who she assumed was the leader of the HSO and took her back to the top floor.  She figured the double doors where the woman had been standing would lead to an office.  She was right.  Inside she found the intercom system.  
"Attention all personnel, this is Hero Ace of the EED.  You are all technically under arrest, but whoever comes and helps me radio in back will be let go.  And don't think you can run, I am the Fifth."  She hoped that would be enough.

Later, after the sun was down, an EED heavy chopper landed in the center of the complex.  Ace met them outside, carrying the still distraught, leader of the HSO.  Rather this branch of the HSO.  Her name was Janice Rodriguez.  Ace also had a number of sworn testimonies from the HSO personnel about the organization's true goals.  There were also five hard drives, all with copies of the tests that had been done on Exceptionals.  She also had names, lists and lists of names of those that had contributed money, or were members of the HSO.  It was a lot of information.
The EED officer that stepped out of the chopper was not someone Ace was familiar with.  "Hero Ace?" she asked over the noise of the rotors.
"Yes," Ace replied.
The woman motioned her into the cabin of the aircraft.  Ace was still carrying Ms. Rodriguez.  She buckled the poor confused woman into one of the seats.  When she saw suppressor cuffs hanging from the wall she grabbed a pair and slapped them on her prisoner.  She then strapped herself in and closed her eyes.  She didn't want to answer the questions behind the other hero's eyes.  Just as they were lifting off the noise of more choppers arriving made Ace open her eyes and look.  Five more landed and disgorged EED heroes all over the grounds of the HSO complex.  They would find everyone secured in the cafeteria.  Ace relaxed and closed her eyes again, her job was done, for now.
Chapter 27

Back in New Davenport Ace wanted to report to Bones immediately.  It was mid-morning when they arrived.  The HSO facility where she'd been taken was in the middle of Nevada, so there had been a necessary change from chopper to plane and that had taken time.  Ace had a feeling that her uncle was still on the job.  
She first went to her precinct.  The EED heroes that had picked her up had given her new clothes, EED standard issue, but it was better than being naked.  She went to the Exceptionals holding and handed Janice over to them.  There had been an attempt by the other EED personnel in Nevada to take her, but Ace had insisted that she be brought back to New Davenport.  The argument hadn't lasted very long once she pointed out that she was the Fifth and she was tired and already very upset.  
She filed the paperwork with the officer in charge.  She thought his name was Chip, but she wasn't certain.  It had been a long day and she was tired.  "Search her thoroughly and put her in a class four containment unit, her kill switch has been taken care of," she said as she passed custody.  Chip nodded and Ace left.
Up in the EED floor of the precinct Ace found Torment waiting for her.  "Bones is waiting for you in the captain's office."
"How's Angel?" Ace asked.
"He'll survive.  He got in trouble for pushing himself too hard.  Bones is making him take leave for a while.  It's about time someone did," Torment replied.
"What about Einstein?" 
"He's fine.  Once you vanished Angela alerted us and we moved in.  We took the gunmen you bagged into custody and found Einstein cuffed to a chair with suppressors.  He told us that the whole thing was a trap, but the device that had teleported you was a one shot.  Not even the technomancers could figure out where it had sent you.  Emily and your sister weren't happy about that, hell none of us were.  They then went to your place with Maniac.  I heard them say something about putting on suppressor cuffs.  The rest of us have just been waiting.  Things have been pretty quiet."
Ace nodded.  "I'd better go report.  I'm so tired right now that I might fall asleep while doing it if it doesn't happen quick."
"Sure thing, Ace," Torment said and let her pass.  Ace knew she was concerned, knew she wanted to ask more questions, but they both knew it was better if they handled that later.
Ace knocked on Angel's office door and went in.  Bones would know it was her.  Her uncle was sitting at the captain's desk typing something on the computer.  Ace closed the door and Bones came to her and gave her a hug.  "I'm glad you made it back."
"I'm glad I wasn't teleported halfway across the world," Ace replied gently returning the embrace.  
"You're here to report?" he asked.  He walked back to the desk and sat down.  
Ace nodded.  She sat in one of the chairs and laid out the events of the past day and a bit.  It didn't take her long, surprisingly little had actually happened.
"Good work Ace," Bones said after she finished.
"All the information on the HSO is on these," she held up the drives and then put them on the desk.  "I imagine the old man is going to want them."
"Probably.  I'll make sure he gets them.  As for you; go home.  I'm sure Emily and Angela are getting tired of wearing suppressor cuffs.  We retrieved your equipment from the scene.  It's all at your place.  Go ahead and take a couple of days off.  I think all three of you are going to need it," Bones said.
"Thanks uncle, I appreciate it," Ace said.  He smiled and she left.

She flew home, slowly.  It took a little concentration.  Her mind kept wandering.  She was amazed at how drained she was after a relatively short fight with someone of her own power.  
As she walked through the front door she was met by her sister who wrapped her in what could have been a rib cracking hug.  Could have been, except for the whole being indestructible.  She laughed.  "It's good to see you too."
"We are just so glad you're back," Angela said through her tears.  She stepped back and let Ace come in, closing the door behind her.
"I'm glad to see you both handled my absence well," Ace said.  
"I made sure they behaved themselves."  Maniac's voice came from the kitchen and Ace smiled to see her partner there.  Ace went and gave her a quick hug.  "What are you doing here?" she asked with a smile.
"Well Bones wanted someone here to keep an eye on these two and I felt I owed you one after getting pissed over something stupid, so here I am.  Besides I've heard that Emily is a great cook and I'm hoping that now she's not wearing cuffs she can whip us something up," Maniac replied.
Emily came up stairs, it was obvious she'd been crying, but there was a genuine smile on her face when she saw Ace.  "I'd been more than happy to," she said, having heard Maniac's request.
Ace fell asleep before the food was ready and barely made it through eating before excusing herself and going to her room.  Not for the first time she was grateful for the total blackout shades she'd installed.  She undressed and collapsed into her bed.

The next few days passed quietly.  Ace recovered quickly, feeling pretty much normal by the next day.  She and Emily enjoyed taking Angela on a tour of the city. Together the twin Fifths drew eyes.  Everyone was familiar with her, but the secret of her twin had not spread far.  
They had visits from the other members of Ace's team while they rested.  Ace held a barbecue for all of them the second day after she got back.  Captain Angel was there along with Bones and his family.  Even the old man made an appearance.  Ace told everyone who didn't know him that he was an old friend from the army.  He called himself Tim Hicks.  
Again Ace found herself alone on her balcony, only this time it was because she was manning the grill.  "Your sister is running interference, so I've got some questions for you, kid."  It was the old man.
"You're wondering about my fight with Janice," Ace said as she relaxed in the pleasant twilight.  It was getting to the time when Hellfire let the season shift to fall.
"That'd be it.  We have no idea how the hell she did that.  No that's not right, thanks to those hard drives we know, but it just doesn't make a lick of sense," he said.
That was a surprise.  "Can't you just take it from her head?  She shouldn't be protected like some people are.  Not with how much of a problem the HSO has been throughout the world."
The old man leaned against the railing and looked out over the city.  "It's just not there kid.  She had a device in her head that killed the information.  So I was hoping there was something else you could remember."
Ace thought it over as she checked the meat.  She closed the lid of the grill and said, "Honestly it's all in the report.  I put in everything I can remember.  She jabbed the needle into her leg, said she had power to rival mine and then set about proving it.  I've never been hit that hard in my entire life."
The old man snorted.  "Do you some good I imagine.  Never been challenged before, have you?"
"I'd rather not have it happen again.  I don't think the world can handle too many more like me and Angela," Ace replied.
"I have to say I agree with only part of that.  The world doesn't need more powers like you and your sister, but it could sure as hell use more people like you two.  You are good people Ace, you and your sister.  You do good work here; you've changed a lot of lives for the better.  Don't you forget that," the old man said.
"Thanks old man, I appreciate that," Ace said.  She smiled, it was rare to get praise from him.
"Good, now get back to that meat.  I'm hungry."
"Yes sir," Ace said still smiling.  

When Ace returned to work it was strange.  In her absence both her sister and Emily had been assigned to a new squad, Ace's.  She'd been given charge of a Hero Unit comprised of herself, Maniac, Emily, Angela, Duck and Cover and rookie named Jolt.  He was a Speed Class right out of the Academy.
She found all this out when she was called in to speak with Bones the very first thing.  "You'll be happy to know that the duties of the Aerial Patrol have been passed on to a different officer," Ace heaved a sigh of relief.  Bones chuckled and continued, "You did good work getting it organized.  Anyone should be able to run it thanks to the ground work you laid.  I know it might not seem like much but we appreciate your efforts."
"Thank you, sir," Ace said.  She tried not to let her relief show too much.
"However we aren't about to let your leadership qualities go to waste, so we are putting you in charge of a newly formed unit.  It will be made up of these officers," he put a data chip on the desk.  "Good luck."
Ace took the chip and now was fighting frustration.  She didn't want to be in charge of a unit, but she wasn't about to argue, not after forcing them to do things her way in order to find Einstein.
-It could be worse, her sister said.
-How? Ace replied.
-They could've given you Angel's job, she replied and Ace suppressed a shudder at the thought.  Her, in charge of a whole EED office?  That didn't even bear thinking about.  
Back in her own office she put the data chip in her computer and pulled up the files.  She was happy to see that the first one was Maniac.  She was only mildly surprised to see the next two were her sister and Emily.  Apparently, the old man had pulled some strings and made Emily a full EED officer without having to go through the Academy.  
The last file is the one that drew her attention.  Hero name:  Jolt.  A rookie fresh out of the academy, and a Speed Class.  What impressed her was his completely normal file.  As a general rule Speed Class had a tendency towards extremes.  Some had OCD problems, others had discipline problems, like Left Hook.
Everyone knew that Left Hook was going to mouth off and get in trouble, everyone knew that he was going to pick fights he couldn't hope to win, that was his Quirk.  On the other hand there were some Speed Class that organized everything in their lives to the last detail.  Jolt didn't seem to have either of those particular Quirks and that made him unique.
-He'll be interesting to work with.  He's nervous as hell about being assigned to our unit.
Angela was right about the unit being theirs.  She was going to be the one responsible for the mental health of the heroes under Ace's command.  
-I don't know if I'm ready for this, sis, Ace said.
She could feel the smile in her sister's response, -Of course you are.  Besides I'm here to help.
Just then Ace got a call on her device.  It was an unfamiliar number and when she answered the screen was black.  "Hello?" she said.
The voice that replied was distorted, and not even her heightened hearing could work past it.  "Thank you for taking care of Ms. Rodriguez.  She was a taint on our organization."
"I didn't do it for you," Ace growled.
The caller laughed.  "No most certainly not.  But you did it nonetheless.  You will be hearing from us again."
The call cut off.  She checked her device's tracker.  It came up negative.  She shook her head.  The mysterious caller would have to wait until later.  Right now, Ace had a new unit to break in.  She called them all up and ordered them to the shooting range.  That was as good a place as any to begin.  With a smile, she left her office.  Maybe being in charge of a Hero Unit wouldn't be all bad.  At least she had friends with her and for now that was enough.

The End

Thank you for reading.

Continue reading for a sample chapter from Hero Unit 2: Power, coming in 2017

Chapter 1

Ace woke to her device going off.  There was a moment of confusion before she remembered that her unit was on call that week.  
The device's clock read 4 am.  She answered the call "Ace."  She couldn't help that her voice sounded like she wanted to strangle someone.  Just because she didn't need to sleep didn't mean she didn't enjoy it.  It also didn't mean she liked being woken up.
The officer who showed up on the screen was a normal cop.  "Officer Ace, we need you and your unit on scene."
"Right, send me the info," Ace replied, coming fully awake.  
"Already on it.  No need to come in hot," the other officer said, and ended the call.
Good.  We don't have to swing by the precinct first, Ace thought as she quickly got dressed.  If it had been a hot scene, that would mean there was an Anti.  And if there was an Anti, EED protocol said that the whole unit would have to go to the precinct and take their heavy transport.  That took time.  Time wasn't always a luxury when dealing with Antis.  Sure Ace could have dealt with it on her own, but a violation of protocol would mean the Anti would walk at a trial.
An annoying beep from her device let her know she had a message.  She opened it.  It was the directions to the scene, so she forwarded it the other members of her unit.  She only took a little pleasure at the thought of the others being woken by their devices.

Ace was dressed and at her truck in under five minutes.  Her sister Angela and their roommate Emily weren't far behind.  Like Ace they both had their hair in braids.  Both were in what they called "business casual", slacks and a blouse.  Ace sported khakis and a t-shirt.  Neither of them looked completely awake yet either.
-No one should look fully awake at this hour.  I don't care if we need sleep or not, Angela grumbled.
"I agree," Emily mumbled in agreement.
Angela and Emily were both Mental Classes, Angela able to project her voice into the head of anyone she wanted, Emily's powers trending more towards mind reading, empathy, and mind control.  Mental powers were harder to categorize, even for their wielders, as the spectrum of powers didn't yield themselves to as precise study as energy projection or exceptional strength.  Ace's Unit was the only one to have two Mental Class, primarily because of Ace's powers.  Emily and Angela were Used by their powers, having little or no conscious control over their abilities, and Ace's presence negated that particular Quirk, but only if they stayed near.
The other main reason was Ace herself.  Members of the Hero Units usually ended up having post-traumatic stress from having to put down Antis, Exceptionals who violated the Exceptionals Registration Act.  Ace had a lot of such issues, and not just from her time in the EED.  She'd served in the Exceptionals Branch of the military right out of high school.  She needed constant monitoring and her sister, as the only other Fifth Generation, was the only one capable of the job.  Emily was responsible for the rest of the unit, including Angela.
Without further complaints about the early hour, they got in the truck and Ace plugged her device into the onboard computer.  Devices had replaced the old cell phones of the early twenty-first century.  They had more capabilities than Ace could ever use and they went by all kinds of idiotic names like the ICE, or the Wave.  Ace's device, approved and encrypted by the EED, was called the Sentinel.  According to Maniac it was currently the best on the market.  Since nearly everyone owned a device, other software developers found ways to integrate them into their systems.  Hence LiveMap was equipped as standard in most vehicles.  
As she pulled out of the garage a LiveMap came up on the lower corner of the windshield showing her the fastest route to the crime scene.  In pure square miles New Davenport was the largest city in the United States of North America, especially after the devastation of the Exceptionals War.  Since there were only five EED branches to cover the entire city, suburbs and all, and Ace's covered the largest, she still needed the LiveMap to get around.

They arrived at the scene not long after the other heroes from their unit.  It looked like the normal police had everything pretty much in hand.  
Ace spotted her partner, Maniac, talking with a plain-clothes officer.  She sent Emily and Angela to catch up with Duck and Cover and Jolt while she met with the officer in charge.  
"Detective Ace, glad you made it," the normal greeted her.  
"Are you always on call, Rick?" Ace replied taking the proffered hand gently.  Unlike a Used, Ace had precise control on her powers.  She could, for all intents and purposes, shut them off.  No other Exceptional could do that.
"Just whenever your unit is, it seems," Rick replied.  Detective Rick Allen was a senior officer from the Third Street Precinct where Ace's unit worked out of.  It never failed that if they got an early morning call Detective Allen was the one dealing with the scene.
"So what do we have?" Ace asked surveying the area.  She could see an Exceptionals' Division Ambulance parked on the street with a Fortress Class being looked over by the paramedics.  
Fortress Class were easy to spot, nearly every one born since the start of the Third Generation had the Massive Quirk.  In layman's terms that meant most were anywhere from seven to nine feet tall and pushing four hundred pounds, and the bigger they were the more powerful they tended to be.  To top it all off every Fortress Class Ace knew had better than average looks.  Generally, Exceptionals had above average looks, but Fortress Class exceeded even that standard.
"From what we've been able to gather our victim, Mr. Robert Oaken, an Unregistered Fourth Generation Fortress Class Exceptional, was assaulted by a Mr. Joseph Trujillo, a professional mixed martial artist and, from the look of things, a normal," Detective Allen replied as he looked over his notes.  He, like many officers, still used pen and paper while at a crime scene.  It was a holdover from the days just after the Exceptionals War when technology had been unreliable.  Even now, over thirty years later, the effects of the war lingered.
"So we have another user?" Ace asked.
"That's what we think," Rick said.  In the past months a new drug had hit the streets across the United States of North America.  Everyone called it Power.  Users temporarily gained Fourth Generation-like powers.  Thus far it seemed as if the effects were unpredictable at best.  One use would give the person the power to fly and another might give super speed.  The random nature, and the fact that they were single powers, not synergistic combinations, was what made it dangerous.
Ever since the Third Generation, all Exceptionals, regardless of their primary classification, had multiple powers.  Speed Class, for example, all had some kind of invulnerability, combined with hyper levels of regeneration.  If they didn't, their bodies would be torn apart when they moved at high speeds.  Power gave a single power only.  Thus far, at least to Ace's knowledge, none of the known users had been seriously injured or killed, but it was only a matter of time.
"Where's the suspect?" Maniac asked.
"We have him in the Rat," Rick replied.  The ARAT, or Rat, was an Anti Restraint and Transportation vehicle.  The Rats were built with a suppression field generator to nullify the powers of anyone in the holding cell.
"Okay, I'm guessing you want us to handle it?" Ace asked.
The detective shrugged.  "Knowing the Captain he'll shove it off on you anyway.  The way I see it right now is two Exceptionals had a fight.  We currently have no proof that Trujillo is a Power user.  It's all yours."
"Thanks," Ace said.  There was only a little sarcasm in her voice.  The new Captain of the Third Street Precinct was notorious for not wanting to even touch cases involving Exceptionals, even if they were actually under his jurisdiction.  It led to a lot of back and forth between the normals and the EED.  
"No problem," Rick replied with grin.  Of all the normals that Ace had contact with on a regular basis Detective Allen was one of the few she actually considered a friend.
"Okay, you and your guys can finish the clean-up.  Maniac and I are going to talk to the victim," Ace continued.  
-Angela, I want you, Jolt, Duck and Cover and Emily to get Trujillo back to the precinct.  Make sure Blitz or Bulldog is waiting to escort him once you get there.  Blitz and Bulldog, Third Street's most powerful Fortress Class, were always on call for escorting dangerous Exceptionals.  -Also make a call to see if Moses or Dove can come over and check him out.
-No problem.  You two be careful, Angela replied.
"I'll make sure you get anything we find," Rick said before heading over to where the CSUs were working.
"Shall we?" Ace asked nodding towards their victim.
Maniac shrugged.  "It's all you.  Unregs don't like the rest of us.  He'll talk to you though.  They always do."
Unregistered Exceptionals, or Unregs, were those Exceptionals who refused to register their powers under the Exceptionals Registration Act.  What that meant was they were not allowed to use their powers unless under the direct supervision of an officer of the EED, or in self-defense.  Registered Exceptionals, Regs, had slightly more freedom to use their powers.  The trade-off was the EED could call on Regs to provide assistance when dealing with Antis.
Their victim was averaged sized for a Fortress Class, somewhere between seven and eight feet tall.  The paramedics were just finishing up as Ace and Maniac approached.  From the looks of him the regenerative powers that came with being a Fortress Class had worked, though from the bruising on his face it was clear that his powers weren't as efficient as an upper-tier Fourth.
"Mr. Oaken?" Ace asked.
He looked up and nodded.  There wasn't the usual surprise on his face that Ace had grown used to being one of the two Fifths.  It was an odd, if welcome, change.  "I'm Detective Ace, from the EED.  This is my partner Detective Maniac.  We'd like to ask you a few questions."
"Sure," he replied.  He looked tired.
"Can you tell us what exactly happened?" Maniac asked.  She had her device out ready to record.  As a technomancer she relied more on technology than most.  Since technology never failed her, ever, it was understandable.
"I was just walking home from visiting my girlfriend.  She lives over on Telegraph.  I passed that alley over there," he motioned to an alley just up the street, "and some guy jumps me.  I figure it's another Fortress Class 'cause the dude hit me hard.  I turn around and there's this guy standing there that looks like a normal.  Since I didn't see who hit me I hesitated.  Then he says 'fight back, bitch' and takes another swing.  It came fast, like Exceptional fast, so I hit him first.  We traded punches for a bit before the cops showed up.  Someone must've called 'em while we was poundin' on each other.  Once the cops rolled up dude tried to bail, but I tackled him.  Didn't want him getting away."
"Had you ever met the person who attacked you before?" Ace asked.  The fact that their victim was walking home at three or four in the morning didn't strike her as odd in the least.  Exceptionals didn't have to sleep, so they tended to keep odd hours.  And there were very few people dumb enough to attack a Fortress Class.  Not even other Exceptionals would risk it.  More and more Fortress Class were completely invulnerable, except to their weakness.  All Exceptionals had one, but not everyone knew what their weakness was.
-Pay attention sis, Angela chided.
He shook his head.  "Maybe.  I might have saw him at the gym, but I couldn't say for sure."
"What gym do you go to?" Ace asked.  There were only a few gyms in this particular part of the city that allowed Exceptionals, even Unregs, to train in them.
"Over at the Dungeon," Mr. Oaken replied.  He still looked a little shaken.  Ace got the feeling he wasn't a fighter by nature.  Which was probably why he wasn't a Reg.  Just because a Fortress Class looked like a good fighter didn't mean they actually were.  And Fortress Class Regs were called on to deal with Antis more than any other class of Exceptional.
Fortunately, Ace was familiar with the Dungeon and its owner.  She'd tried training there after moving to New Davenport, but hadn't liked the gym's atmosphere.  "We are going to need to speak with your girlfriend as well.  Can we get her address, and your contact information?" Ace continued.
Maniac took it all down while Ace took another look at the scene.  The area was quiet.  Not surprising considering the early hour.  It was relatively cool for late August.  Whoever had called in the fight must have just driven by.  There weren't even any bystanders.  
"Am I going to be in trouble?  I mean I just used my powers and it was on a normal," Mr. Oaken said.  He looked and sounded worried.
Ace gave him what reassurance she could.  "I can't say for certain, but there shouldn't be any problems.  The Exceptionals Registration Act makes a provision for self-defense, even for Unregistered Exceptionals.  You are going to need to stick around the city until we get everything sorted out though."
That seemed to ease his mind.  "Okay, sure.  No problem.  I got no plans anyway."
"I think that's all, unless the paramedics think you need to get checked out at the hospital," Ace said glancing over to the EMTs.  
"You're good to go.  If, for any reason, you feel like you need further medical attention your report will be at Genesis West," the lead EMT replied.  She looked familiar, but Ace couldn't recall her name.
-Becky Mortenson.  She's a low-range Life Class, and a Third, Angela supplied.  Of course Angela remembered.  Her powers didn't let her forget anything.
-It's not all it's cracked up to be, she said.
-I'll bet, Ace replied.  There were plenty of things she wished she could forget.
The memories hit her like a truck.  Gun fire came from everywhere.  Bullets tore through her squad.  Blood sprayed, people screamed, death was all around her.
-ACE! Angela's shout brought her back.
Ace took a deep breath and focused on the here and now.  -Thanks, sis, Ace said, giving herself a mental shake and pointedly not thinking about what she'd just seen.
-Do you need me there?  Proximity to Angela helped her to keep the memories in check.
-Not this time.  It was only a little flash.  Fragmented.  I'll be okay, Ace replied.  If her sister was asking that meant she was pretty sure Ace was okay.  Despite their bond Angela usually let Ace make the call as to whether she needed more help.
-Okay.  We're almost at the precinct.  Bulldog is waiting.  We'll wait until you're here to question him, Angela continued, letting the matter of Ace's lapse drop for the moment.
-We'll be done here in a little bit.  Maniac and I are going to check out the vic's girlfriend, Ace said.
-Alright.  See you later.
"Hey partner, you okay?" Maniac asked quietly.  She would have noticed that something was wrong.  Whenever flashbacks hit Ace unexpectedly people noticed, especially members of her unit.
"Yeah, I'll be okay.  Angela helped me get it back together," Ace replied.  Maniac was familiar with Ace's flashbacks.  She seemed to understand, despite not having PTSD herself.
"Good.  I've got some uniforms canvassing the area.  We aren't expecting much success.  Most of the buildings around here are warehouses.  At best they'll find some homeless people looking to earn a food voucher," Maniac continued.  "Turns out the fight was called in by a passing car.  The driver was also on her way home."
"At four in the morning?" Ace asked.  There were very few jobs that were allowed to have night shifts.  Mostly EMS, police and fire.  
"She works over at the Rusty Nail," Maniac explained.
Ace nodded in understanding.  The Rusty Nail was a bar in west New Davenport.  She was probably getting off her shift.
"She have anything to add?" Ace asked.  She wasn't expecting much of anything from that angle.  
"Not really.  Said she drives this way every night she works, supposedly this wasn't the first time she'd seen our vic walking home.  Not much else," Maniac replied.
Ace looked around and nodded.  There wasn't a lot more for them to do here.  "We'll talk to the CSUs and then see if Oaken's girlfriend has anything to add before heading back for the interrogation."
Maniac nodded.  They walked to the CSU mobile lab.  The tech that met them was shorter than Ace's five foot six.  "Detectives.  I've sent a preliminary report to your unit's network drive.  I don't think we're going to get much more than what we've already sent you though."
"Thanks.  Was there anything unusual?" Ace asked.  A year ago she never would have been able to talk to the normal CSUs at a crime scene.  It wasn't forbidden, they just wouldn't have talked with her, or any Exceptional for that matter.  Ace's involvement in the Homo Superior incident last year had gone a long way to change that.  The Homo Superior Organization was a group of Exceptionals that felt they should be ruling the world, with normals either enslaved or wiped out.  To deal with the threat both the normal police and the EED had had to work together.
The CSU tech nodded.  "There was a foreign substance in his blood.  The preliminary tests suggest that it's Power.  Once we have the full report I'll forward it to you."  Field tests were usually pretty accurate, but they always waited for the main lab to run things before confirming anything.
"I appreciate it," Ace said.  The tech nodded and went back into the mobile lab.  
"So, on to the girlfriend's?" Maniac said.
"Yup."

The address that Oaken had given them for his girlfriend was a few blocks from the crime scene.  It was an old warehouse that had been converted in to apartments a few years back.  The apartment was on the fourth floor.
Ace knocked.  They didn't expect an immediate answer.  It was getting close to five in the morning.  According to Oaken he'd left the apartment around 3:30.
Finally a muffled and annoyed voice from the other side of the door asked, "Who is it?"
Ace held up her badge to the small camera on the wall.  "We're from the EED.  We would like to speak with Annabelle Gray please."
"Just a minute," came the reply.
There was another brief wait before locks clicked and the door opened.  The woman standing on the other side was probably eight feet tall and even under the heavy robe she was wearing it was clear she was well muscled.
-Annabelle Gray, Registered, mid-range, Fourth Generation Fortress Class, Angela supplied for Ace.
"Ms. Gray?" Maniac asked.  
"Yes."
"We have some questions for you about your boyfriend Robert Oaken, may we come in?" Ace continued.
"Is Robert alright?"  There was no missing the concern in her voice.  As Annabelle stepped back to let them in, Ace saw the worry on her face.
"He's fine, but earlier this evening he was assaulted.  We were wondering if you might be able to give us more information," Ace said.  She knew she wasn't the most reassuring person in the world.
-That's an understatement, Angela said.
-Shut up.
Still she tried to appear open and honest.  It seemed to help.  Sometimes.
"I don't know if I can be of any help," Annabelle replied.  She led them to a nicely furnished, if small, living room.  Ace had to admit the room only seemed small because Annabelle was in it.  Apartments specifically designed for Fortress Class Exceptionals were rare, and usually expensive.
"Do you by any chance go to the same gym with Mr. Oaken?" Ace asked after they were all seated.  
Annabelle nodded.  "It's how we met.  The Dungeon doesn't discriminate against Exceptionals."
"Robert said he thought the man who attacked him trained at the Dungeon.  His name is Joseph Trujillo.  Does that name sound familiar?" Maniac asked.
"It does, but Joseph Trujillo is a normal.  He was a decent fighter, but still no match for an Exceptional," Annabelle replied.  She looked genuinely confused.  That was understandable.  Power had not, as of yet, made it into the public eye.  That was due in no small part to an aggressive campaign by the EED to keep its existence under wraps.  Unfortunately that campaign was starting to fail.
"Have you ever heard of a drug called Power?" Ace asked.
Annabelle shook her head.  "Greer, Donald Greer, the owner?  He has a pretty harsh substance abuse policy.  The Dungeon's registered with the IMMAF and he doesn't want to lose his certification."  The International Mixed Martial Arts Federation; understandable Greer would want to keep everything on the up and up to attract that clientele.  "Besides, other than going to the gym Robert and I don't go out much."
Ace hated telling people, even good people, about Power.  To her it was like an admission of guilt.  Power existed because she'd made a mistake.
-All you can do is move on.  There is no point in dwelling on it.
She knew Angela was right.  It still wasn't easy.  "Power is the name of a new drug that can give normals temporary powers." Annabelle's eyes widened.  Ace continued, "Right now it's presence on the street is small, but we are getting more and more reports from across the US.  From what little we know of it the powers are Fourth Generation equivalent, but they are unpredictable and the effects are short lived."
"Where, I mean how does something like that even get made?" Annabelle asked.  
"We don't know.  Right now the EED, the DEA and all state and local police agencies are working on figuring out where Power is coming from.  Anything you could tell us about Mr. Trujillo would be helpful," Ace replied.  It comes from a lunatic with no morals experimenting on Exceptionals.
-Let it go, Ace.  You can't keep dwelling on this.
Annabelle shrugged.  "I didn't really know him.  He was just one of the fighters at the gym.  Kept to himself mostly.  He had a couple of training buddies that he spent most of his time with."
"Do you remember their names?" Maniac asked.  
"Frank Daniels and William Jacobs.  Though I don't think they are on such good terms now," Annabelle answered.  
"Did something happen between them?" Ace asked.  From her experience professional, or even semi-professional athletes were touchy about some strange things.
"Two weeks before Joe's last fight he dropped the Dungeon as his sponsor.  From what I gathered Frank and Will were pretty upset."
Ace had to wonder if there was more to the story.  "Fighters change sponsors, coaches and training partners.  Was there more to it?"
"I don't really know.  I think there was mention about a professional contract in the offer or something.  I try not to show too much interest in what goes on with the fighters," Annabelle explained.
"Have you had issues with them?" Ace asked.  Problems between normals and Exceptionals were more common than anyone wanted to admit.  They ranged from simple dislike to extremist groups like the Homo Superior Organization, or the anti-Exceptional group the Children of God.
"Not really.  I just try to avoid that whole scene.  I was a fighter in the Exceptionals League for a few years during college.  I didn't like the person it turned me in to," Annabelle explained.  "Everything was about the next fight.  Outside of class, training consumed my life.  I lost two boyfriends because fighting and training was all I wanted to do."
Ace understood that.  She'd seen what obsessing over a sport could do to a person.  She'd helped her little brother rein in his own passion when it came to football.
"Is there anything else you can add?" Maniac asked bringing Ace back to the conversation.
"That's all I can think of.  I haven't seen Joe since he dropped the gym.  I never heard where he went to after that," Annabelle replied.
"What about Robert?  Did he ever express any interest in fighting?" Ace asked.
Annabelle shook her head.  "Robert isn't much of a fighter.  He and I are only mid-range Fourths.  Anymore you have to be upper tier to compete.  And Robert has a bit of a temper.  When he gets upset he loses control over his powers.  Being a professional fighter wouldn't be a good idea."
That explained why Robert hadn't just let Trujillo go when the police showed up.  "That's all for now Ms. Gray.  If we have any further questions we'll be in contact."
They stood and Annabelle asked, "Is Robert really okay?"
Ace nodded.  "He'll be okay.  By the time we had left the scene his regenerative powers had nearly taken care of all of his injuries."
"And he's not in any trouble?"  
"That we can't say.  Right now it's a case of self-defense, but because his attacker is a normal we can't say for certain what kind of repercussions there might be.  I don't think Mr. Trujillo will be in any position to press charges," Ace replied.  Annabelle looked unconvinced.
-You're just bad at putting people at ease.
Ace ignored her sister and she and Maniac left the apartment.  The drive to the precinct was quick and quiet.  Something Ace remedied by turning on her truck's stereo.  She wasn't a fan of silence.

The Exceptionals Registration Act

The Exceptionals Registration Act is a multi-part document dedicated the elucidation of the Exceptionals Phenomenon and to the designation of Exceptional activities henceforth determined to be within or without the confines of legality by the Department of Homeland Security of the United States of North America in order to preserve the freedom and safety of the United States of North America, its government, and its citizens.   

To aid the reader all new terms used are defined as follows:

Exceptional:  any individual who exhibits unusual abilities, or capabilities that exceed universally accepted human limitations.

Power:  any unusual ability, or capability possessed by an individual, that exceeds universally accepted human limitations, making the individual by default an Exceptional.

Register:  the act of registering an Exceptional's physical appearance, name, address and power, or powers, in the official Registered Exceptionals database.  

Registered Exceptionals database:  a publicly accessible database listing the names and powers of all Registered Exceptionals.

Generation:  the Generations of Exceptionals are labeled as follows:  First (1914 - 1934), Second (1934 - 1954), Third (1954 - 1974), Fourth (1974 - present), (amended to recognize the Fifth Generation).

Exceptionals Enforcement Division (EED):  Federal enforcement agency responsible for policing Exceptionals.  The EED has both local and national jurisdiction for all matters dealing with Exceptionals.

Registered Classification:  The primary suite of powers that identifies an Exceptional.  Generally, this term applies to Exceptionals of the Second Generation and beyond, as First Generation Exceptionals only have a single power, and are therefore not under the classification system.

Contagion Class:  Powers relating to the cause, spread, and cure of disease.

Energy Class:  Powers relating to the manipulation of energy in its various forms.

Fortress Class:  Powers relating to the enhancement of the human body and/or physical abilities.

Global Class:  Powers relating to the manipulation of worldwide weather events.

Life Class:  Powers relating to healing injuries, restoring health and the identification of weaknesses of Exceptionals.

Mental Class:  Powers relating to non-physical, mental abilities.

Nature Class:  Powers relating to the manipulation of natural forces, including, but not limited to animals, plants and localized weather patterns.

Sky Class:  Powers relating to the ability to fly.

Speed Class:  Powers relating to the ability to travel at extreme velocity.

Stealth Class:  Powers relating to deception and infiltration. 

Article 1

Section 1.1

All Exceptionals are to be considered and treated as normal human beings in all their affairs, except where expressly set out in this document.  Just as no race may discriminate against another, neither will discrimination be allowed against Exceptionals or their families.  Any individual, organization, group, company or like entities found promoting discrimination against Exceptionals as a whole, or as individuals will be subject to criminal prosecution.

Section 1.2

All children are to be tested for powers at birth.  At the age of five years all Exceptional children are to be enrolled in mandatory classes in order to cultivate the mastery of their powers in a safe and regulated environment.  Power use by underage Exceptionals is to be limited to school hours during their regularly scheduled training classes.  At the age of 18 Exceptionals are free to Register themselves as Exceptionals in the Registered Exceptional database.  Those who do not will have their adolescent records deleted, but they are no longer free to use their powers except in the presence of Exceptionals Enforcement Division personnel, or in the case of self-defense against another Exceptional.

Registered Exceptionals are permitted to use their powers as outlined during the Registration process.  This may include, but is not limited to, job related responsibilities, family duties or religious practices.  Any Exceptional, Registered or Unregistered, found using their powers to violate the law will be subdued by the Exceptionals Enforcement Division and tried accordingly.

Violation of the terms of Registration may result in the revocation of an Exceptional's Registered status.

Article 2

In recognition of the fact that Exceptionals, especially those of the Fourth Generation (amended in recognition of the Fifth), can be extremely dangerous, as evidenced by the Exceptionals War, Article 2 exists in order to assist the Exceptionals Enforcement Division in the apprehension of Exceptionals who are in gross violation of the Exceptionals Registration Act.

Article 2 may only be put into effect by a mayor, governor, the President of the United States, or those acting in their stead.  Agents of the Exceptionals Enforcement Division may advise, but cannot implement Article 2 on their own.  Any agent, agents, or branches who attempt to circumvent this clause will be tried for treason.

When in effect Article 2 allows agents of the Exceptionals Enforcement Division full access to their powers in the pursuit, apprehension, and detention of Exceptionals found in violation of this Act.  Agents are still expected to make every effort to protect life, liberty, and property.

In the event that a threat proves to be greater than the capabilities of the Exceptionals Enforcement Division, the special provision, herby known as Exceptionals Lockdown, may be implemented by that governing body that called for the implementation of Article 2.  This special provision, when activated, suspends the use of all powers by all Exceptionals who are not active duty agents of the EED.  Upon neutralization of said threat, both Article 2 and Exceptionals Lockdown provisions are to be inactivated immediately.

Article 3

It is acknowledged that one single document cannot adequately cover all aspects of the Exceptionals Phenomenon.  Due to the circumstances that led to the Exceptionals War this document has been kept as direct as possible.  Further additions, amendments, edits, or revisions may be added in the event that new developments in the Phenomenon occur.  For more information on the amendment process, additional documentation pertaining to the Exceptionals Registration Act, information on the Registration process, or any questions you may have, visit www.era.gov/eed

Date:  May 1, 2000 AD

Amended on July 4, 2005 AD



About JC Bybee

JC was born and raised in Oregon.  His vivid imagination kept him entertained through his teen years.  After serving a two-year mission in Toronto Canada for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints he attended BYU.  There he met his wife, who promptly graduated and moved them to the Midwest.  He now lives in Idaho, where he enjoys gardening, playing video games, and raising his children.  He is also a practitioner of Historical European Martial Arts and power lifting.

Connect with the author at:

www.facebook.com/authorjc.bybee

Follow him on Twitter:  @authorjcbybee

Find him on Instagram:  jc.bybee

Sign up for the New Davenport Times at www.jcbybee.com

