


About the Book

As Janika Jones settles into her new career as a private investigator – fully trained, of course – she is asked to take the part of a New York art collector’s assistant to investigate a picture in a London art gallery, where she has to obtain vital photographic evidence without being caught. The theft of a collection of wartime medals leads to a gruesome discovery. And being accused of poisoning an unwelcome visitor is just another event in Janika’s hectic life at the Button Up Detective Agency.

Hugs Bugs and Danger

A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #2

by

Lizzie Lewis ©2021

This eBook ISBN: 978-1-913950-00-2

Also available as a paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-913950-01-9

Published by
White Tree Publishing
Bristol
UNITED KINGDOM

wtpbristol@gmail.com

Full list of books and updates on

https://whitetreepublishing.com/


Hugs Bugs and Danger is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.


All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this abridged edition.

Table of Contents

Cover

About the Book

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Chapter 24

Epilogue

The Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance Series

About White Tree Publishing





Chapter 1

Of course it’s raining hard, and the wind is driving sheets of it across the road in enormous gusts. It’s 2 o’clock in the morning, and I don’t really want to get out of the car. I’ve parked behind Button Up coffee shop, and the area is completely deserted. At least, I hope it is. Even at the best of times I worry about walking from my parking space, round to the door to my office and living accommodation
I’ve just come back from a surveillance job, keeping an eye on a warehouse for the first night of what was planned to be the first of seven.
It’s where things have mysteriously gone missing. The aircon on my old Nissan Micra isn’t very effective, and of course it only works when the engine is running. A car with a running engine in the early hours of the morning isn’t exactly invisible.
So there I was, with the window wound down sufficiently to be able to keep an eye on things, which meant it was sufficiently far down for the rain to blow in. But I really hit the jackpot. The warehouse owner had told me there was no point in staying after 4 o’clock, because he had good reasons to believe the thefts occurred in the very early hours of the morning.
He was right. Just after midnight a tall van with a high roof-rack came past slowly, which certainly looked suspicious.
It came round twice more before finally stopping outside the warehouse. Two men jumped out, climbed onto the top of the van below an upstairs window. One man helped the other to climb up, simply pull open the window, and disappear out of sight.
The manager had made it absolutely clear that I wasn’t to get personally involved, but phone the police. And that suited me just fine. I made the phone call and knew I would have to wait to give a statement, assuming the police turned up before the men left. And they did. Turn up, that is. Caught in the act, as the saying goes.
I have good reason to be worried about walking around here in the middle of the night, even though it’s only a short walk, or run, to my entrance door. As far as I know the gang that murdered my husband Sam have no further interest in me, but of course there’s always the chance I’m wrong.
When Abi Button, or Abi Wells as she is now, advertised the office and living accommodation above the coffee shop, it sounded ideal. And of course it is, apart from the fact that all the other shops in the road use the upstairs floors for offices and storage.
So there’s absolutely no one around to hear me if I have to scream for help. And scream I certainly will if anyone tries to attack me, even though it will be a total waste of my breath.
I’m not going to bother with my umbrella. The sooner I’m safely indoors in the dry the better. I open the car door, duck my head against the wind and rain, and run round to the front of the building.
I always carry a small flashlight, and I start fumbling with the door keys. Why on earth did I have two locks fitted? I know they make me feel safer when I’m indoors, but they don’t help out here in the dark. One of them is rather fiddly to get the key into in the dark.
I can hear footsteps approaching, and I’m still fumbling with the second lock. I quickly grab my pepper spray from my bag, clutching it ready for use in my left hand, while my right hand continues to fiddle with the key. Come on, come on!
I pause. There’s no point in presenting an attacker with an open door to shove me inside, although the alarm would go off. But who’s around to hear it? Apart from the owner of the footsteps, of course. It’s clearly a man.
I shrink into the doorway which is set back a little from the pavement, standing absolutely still. Someone passes with a brief, “Good night,” and keeps going. What a chicken I am to be scared of footsteps! Anyway, I haven’t needed to use my pepper spray, so it lives to fight another day. And that’s one blessing.
Within a few seconds I’ve opened the door, locked it behind me and disabled the alarm. Just one more locked door at the top of the stairs, but I can take my time now. I’m shaking. It’s probably the effect of all the adrenaline that kicked in during the arrest of the two men at the warehouse.
I’m inside at last. I slide the metal bar across the door to seal it from any intruders coming up the staircase. It’s already saved my life once. There are three bullet holes in the door to prove it. Splintered around the edges, but clearly identifiable as bullet holes. They came from my first and only unwelcome visitor so far in my new career.
Melanie Donovan’s stepson Liam is nine years old. Melanie is Abi’s business partner, and half owner of Button Up. Liam could hardly believe his eyes when I showed them to him, and he insisted his school friends Sophie and William came to see them the next day after school.
I’m not sure their mother was exactly thrilled to think that her twins were mixing with gangsters, but they were allowed to see them all the same. I also showed them the three marks where the bullets had struck my beautiful antique mahogany desk, but they thought the holes in the door were much more impressive.
I’ve still not got round to getting a new panel fitted, but perhaps the holes will strike fear into any potential troublemaker who comes to see me in my office.
Detective Inspector Dickinson has assured me that they are onto the drugs gang that killed Sam, and they have no reason to believe I’m holding onto any information that would incriminate them. The list of names that Sam, a Detective Constable, had written inside the cover of a book is now with the CID in Brevelstone, the sprawling town where Sam and I lived. So what’s still to worry about? Nothing, absolutely nothing. Pull yourself together, Janika.
I feel too wound up to sleep. I’m certainly not going to have a coffee. Anyway, the coffee I make is rubbish compared to the coffee Abi and Melanie make in the café down below. I wonder what’s happening with the men the police arrested, thanks to my expert surveillance ‒ and no thanks to a misted up Nissan Micra.
Now I’m safely in, I feel secure. The office at the front of the apartment is large, and the living accommodation at the back is no more than a bedsit. I hang my rainproof jacket up to dry, and flop down on the bed. I chose the mattress, and it’s perfect for a good night’s sleep.
Whether I’m going to get to sleep is a different matter. All I can see is those two men pleading innocence, saying it was all a mistake. Quite what the mistake was they didn’t say, but no doubt their solicitor will think of a good one.
Abi’s husband Danny is a solicitor ‒ aka lawyer. I hope he’s going to find work for me. He says that’s something he’s working on. So far, business hasn’t been exactly brilliant. I’ve done a few pro bono jobs, which is getting my name known. I’m the only private investigator in town, so surely there are jobs around that need my expert attention.
Expert? Well, I am fully trained ‒ and there’s a framed certificate in the office to prove it. And after tonight’s success, who knows what the future holds? Actually, I’m starting to feel sleepy. Probably exhaustion after the excitement of the arrests, but sleepy all the same.

Chapter 2

It must be 7 o’clock already. I can hear the chairs and tables being moved around down below. That means young Pete Wilders is in. He’s a student doing an evening course at the local college, and a keen and reliable worker in the coffee shop. Abi and Melanie own the business, and take it in turns to be in early, but rarely are they here at this time.
Normally I’m awake before seven, and I find the noise rather comforting. There’s a shriek from the high-pressure coffee machine. I must have had less than four hours sleep, but I’ll not be able to get back to sleep now. As soon as I’ve made myself moderately presentable, I’ll be going down for an excellent coffee and croissant. A great way to start the day, even though I feel ‒ and probably look – half dead.
The thought of a successfully completed job gives me a satisfied feeling. I opened up here just over two months ago, renting the office and living accommodation from Abi and Melanie. I was going to name my new business the Janika Jones Detective Bureau, after my name, but it seemed that Abi has always had a talent for being nosy ‒ aka being interested in what’s going on around her, to use her words.
Abi had decided that when the previous tenant left, it would be good if a detective business rented the upstairs, so she could keep an eye on how things were going, and help out from time to time. Her dream name for the business was the Button Up Detective Agency, and she gently twisted my arm into adopting it.
I now have smart black and gold business cards and flyers which Abi and some other businesses in town leave on their counters for potential clients. It seems to be paying off. Not that I’m short of funds yet, because the compensation from the police and the life insurance for Sam’s murder will last me for many years, even if most of the work I do is free in order to get my name known in the town.
I’ve just finished my shower, and I’m applying a small amount of make up. Should I dress in my black business outfit with a crisp white blouse, or is it a morning for jeans and a clean sweatshirt? Decisions, decisions.
I’m just zipping up my jeans when my phone goes. It’s too early to be clients, surely. “Janika Jones.”
“Janika, Courtney Jacobs. I hope I haven’t woken you.”
“Detective Constable Jacobs, what can I do for you?” I decide to pretend to be very formal with her, although we are becoming friends now. It was Courtney who saw me through the early days of Sam’s murder back in Brevelstone.
Courtney laughs. “It’s like this, Private Investigator Jones. I happen to be coming your way today, and thought I’d drop in for a chat. How are you fixed?”
I have to laugh. “What you mean to tell me, Courtney, is that you have something important to share with me, and you’re coming here specially. Yes?”
Courtney returns my laugh. “You’re a sharp one for a civilian detective, Janika,” she teases. “You’ve got me there. How are you fixed for 10 o’clock at yours?”
“Mine or Button Up?” Courtney’s answer will give me a clue as to how confidential and serious the matter is.
“Definitely yours, Janika. But I wouldn’t mind a cup of coffee first in Button Up, if that’s okay with you. But we don’t discuss business there.”
That’s intriguing. It’s also rather scary. “Do I need to watch my back in the meantime?” I try to say it flippantly, but somehow it comes out much more seriously than I intended. Or perhaps just as seriously as I intended.
“Just a bit of an update, Janika. That’s all I’m authorised to say over the phone.”
Courtney sounds so serious that it makes me feel uncomfortable. Oh well, at least the two intruders last night are safely behind bars. I just wish the leaders of the drugs gang were equally out of action. It’s obviously something in connection with the gang that murdered Sam.
I look at the large clock on the office wall. It’s really a spy camera with a tiny lens hidden in the bottom of the 1 of the number 10. It’s triggered by movement, and records everything that happens in the office. So now it’s just caught me yawning and stretching back in the chair. Not that anyone is going to see it. The memory card is only in there for evidence of anything serious that happens. Like me getting shot at again.
Fully dressed in casual clothes, and ready to face the day, I’m just about to go down below to Button Up when my phone rings for the second time. It’s the warehouse manager gushing out thanks again. I say again, because he turned up not long after the police, and he kept thanking me again and again.
For some reason he’d not been able to work out the method of entry used in the past break-ins by the two baddies using that window. I didn’t like to ask why he didn’t keep it locked. After all, I’d earned my fee, and that was all I needed to know.
He says he wants to explain about the window. He always kept it locked, because he realised it was a possible point of entry. The two men have been identified as past employees, and another man still employed by the company merely had to slip the catch before going home on the night the raids were planned. And of course lock it again as soon as he got to work, before the break-ins were discovered. No wonder the police were confused.
“You’ve done me a great favour, Ms Jones,” the man gushes. “Wonderful work. Well done.”
I’m hoping he’s going to be equally full of praise when my name comes up with his business contacts. I must remember to pop round and leave some of my cards and flyers at the reception when I present my bill.
It’s now nearly 8 o’clock, and I’m on my way down to get my caffeine fix to see me through the first part of the morning. I may not know exactly what Courtney is coming for, but I’m almost certainly going to need another coffee when she arrives.
Abi is already here. Her perpetually cheerful face makes me feel better as she welcomes me and points to the small table in the far corner that is reserved for staff and friends. I envy her long blonde hair that comes almost to her shoulders. My hair is always a bit of a mess, slightly curly and dark brown. I get that colour from my English mother rather than from the Polish side of my family. All my father’s family have hair that’s almost black. 
While Pete prepares my cappuccino and crisps up my croissant in the oven, Abi comes and sits by me. “What’s new?”
I explain about my success last night. After all, there’s nothing secret about it. It’s going to be in the local paper, and perhaps even on the local television news when the case comes to court. I hope so, and I also hope my name and detective agency get a plug.
“I hope you’re not too busy to take on a job for Danny,” Abi says, reaching over and picking a flake from my croissant, then running it through the raspberry jam before popping it into her mouth.
“Danny?” Could this really be the start of work for Branks, Davis & Waters, the large legal firm that Abi’s husband works for?
“He’ll be here at nine,” Abi says, having another pick at my croissant. If she’s heralding work for Branks, Davis & Waters, she’s welcome to the whole lot.
Nine o’clock is good. It looks like I’ll be staying around for the morning, with Courtney Jacobs coming at ten to discuss police business. Or maybe warning me to go into hiding. Six months training, and so much has happened since I put my sign in the upstairs window advertising the Button Up Detective Agency.
“You look shattered, girl,” Abi says.
There’s nothing like being direct. I suppose I should take it as a compliment, because you only say something like that to friends. After all, this table is permanently reserved for family and friends, and I don’t count as family.
I nod. “In that case,” I say, laughing, “I must look like I feel. I’ve got an appointment at ten, so it’s going to be a busy morning. The police want me to pop into the station to make a full statement, but they’ll have to wait. Business comes first.”
I can’t sit here until Danny turns up at nine, and I have half a mind to go upstairs and change into my business suit. After all, when Danny is working at the office he has the smartest of smart suits, an Italian slate grey piece of kit. And here’s me, in jeans and a sweatshirt. But I know Danny well enough without needing to put on a show.
“Don’t go yet,” Abi says as I push my chair back ready to stand up. “You can start on the crossword.”
There’s no doubt that Abi is the Cryptic Crossword Queen, but I certainly don’t mind having a crack at it. At the easy clues, that is.
Abi drops the folded newspaper onto the table. I’ve been cheated. It looks like she’s already done the easy bits, because nearly half the crossword is filled in. I wonder when she’s been doing it. If I’d come down earlier, I might have caught her in the corner while Pete did all the work serving the to-go customers.
Melanie Donovan, Abi’s business partner, bustles her way in through the door, looking flustered. From what I’ve seen, her weight isn’t linked to Button Up food, for as far as I can tell she hardly eats anything here. Of course, what she eats at home could be a different matter. But I think her width is exaggerated by her short height. Anyway, she’s the life and soul of Button Up.
“Bit of a problem with Liam this morning,” she announces to no one in particular. “Something’s happened at school, but he won’t say what.”
I really, really hope the kid’s not being bullied. I was a bit of a mouse at school. Although not exactly bullied, I was on the wrong end of quite a few nasty comments.
When I first came here to see the apartment, Abi remembered me as Janika Bartol, my Polish surname. She reminded me ‒ and I had to be reminded ‒ that she and a group of her friends had laughed at the little red Citroen 2CV my mother took me to school in. Okay, it was a bit of a tin can, but I thought it was wonderful ‒ until the girls laughed.
Anyway, Abi didn’t need to apologise, although she did. Come to think of it, she didn’t need to remind me either. It was long forgotten, although it must have been lurking deep in my memory somewhere.
If Liam comes in later, maybe I’ll be able to get something out of him. After all, I’m quite a hero in his eyes knowing I’ve actually been shot at. I think his only disappointment is that I didn’t have a gun myself and shoot the man dead!
While I’m smiling to myself about this, Danny comes in and makes his way straight to the table where I’m sitting. He points to the folded newspaper. “Giving Abi a hand? Just make sure she doesn’t look up the answers on the internet!” And he laughs, because he obviously has his wife sussed out. I think he’s being a bit unfair. Abi has assured me she never pretends she’s found the answers unaided.
“Abi says you have a possible job for me,” I say, brushing the crumbs away from where Danny is about to put his elbows. That suit is far too expensive to get messed up here. I’m wondering what sort of investigation he has in mind. Something for a wealthy client, I hope.

Chapter 3

“I think you’ve heard us talking about a man called Piers Pillinger,” Danny says, lowering his voice so that no one else in the coffee shop can listen in.
Piers Pillinger? I don’t say it aloud, but Abi has mentioned him a couple of times. Something about an old man appearing at his front door in a long raincoat when she and Danny had been invited for a meal. I’ve got the impression that Piers Pillinger may not be totally above board with his dealings in the world of fine art.
“Yes, Abi has mentioned him. Is this directly for Piers Pillinger, or for Branks, Davis & Waters?” I get the feeling that it will be safer if it’s through the solicitors where I gather Piers is a client.
Danny looks a bit embarrassed, but it soon passes. He’s obviously learning how to cope with difficult questions in court, but he’s not quite perfected the art yet. “It will be directly for Piers. He’ll be paying you. Are you interested?”
Surely an up and coming junior lawyer working for such a prestigious legal firm wouldn’t be putting something dodgy my way. “Yes, of course. What is it?”
Again Danny looks a bit embarrassed. He really will have to learn a bit harder to hide his feelings and practise a poker face. “Piers will explain it to you. I’m not sure of the details. Are you able to see him this evening?”
I nod, hoping my reservations don’t show. It takes two to play poker, and I’m sure I’m making the better job of it. This evening sounds good, because I have quite a busy day ahead. I’m not sure when the local police want me to make my statement. So with this, that and the other, I want to keep some time free to catch up on my sleep. “Where? Here at my office?”
Danny shakes his head and smiles. “You’ll like Piers. He has a lovely wife and kids. I’ve told them quite a bit about you, and they’re looking forward to seeing you.”
Abi has come across, unseen by either of us. “What’s this about a lovely wife?” she asks.
Danny just passes it off with a laugh, and I can see that Abi is only joking. “Piers Pillinger’s wife,” he explains. “Piers has a possible job for Janika, and he’s invited her around for a meal this evening to discuss it.”
“A meal?” I wasn’t expecting that. “I gather he’s posh, and lives in a big house. I don’t think I’ve got anything special to wear for dinner.”
Both Danny and Abi laugh, but certainly not unkindly. “The Pillingers live in a large house, certainly,” Abi says, still laughing, “but they are very informal. You’ll love them. The kids are really cute.” She thinks for a moment. “But don’t go inviting them to inspect any bullet holes.”
So it’s all fixed up. I’ve phoned Mr Pillinger, and it’s seven thirty for eight, and please don’t dress up specially.
Since the Pillingers live in what is nearly a mansion, I’m going to ask Abi exactly what that means. I know she and Danny have been there a few times. I think the Pillingers’ house was built for the owner of the town cotton mill back in the late 1700s. I know where it is, but I never thought I’d ever be going inside.
This could be the job I’ve always been hoping for. A job that’s easy to solve, and a wealthy client eager to portray his thanks generously. Really? I must be crazy.
The time has gone on, and Courtney Jacobs will be here in a few minutes. Somehow Abi has managed to slip a second cappuccino onto the table while Danny and I have been talking, and somehow I’ve managed to nearly drain it. Well, I can have decaf while Courtney has her caffeine. I don’t want to get too hyped up. I don’t know what she’s coming to say. It could be bad news.
Craidlea comes under the jurisdiction of Brevelstone CID, so it might not be a special visit. Perhaps Courtney is feeling a bit lonely, or just wants a morning out from the office. I can’t blame her. She and DI Dickinson, amongst others, have been extremely busy, trying to bring the gang that killed Sam to justice. The police never, ever give up when one of their own is murdered.
Courtney turns up fifteen minutes after ten. We give each other a hug, and I can tell she’s obviously keen to share something. “I’m running a bit late,” she says. “Anyway, we need to talk in your office.” And she nods towards the customers who are seated at their tables.
“Coffee to go?” Abi asks. I think she sounds disappointed to be out of the conversation.
“A latte, if you can do one,” Courtney says. “I’m afraid I don’t have a cup with me.”
Abi calls the order out to Pete and motions to us to sit down at the small table. “How’s things?”
Being a detective, Courtney is wearing jeans and a blue zip top, so she’s not attracting the attention that a uniformed officer would.
Well, Abi is going to be disappointed, because obviously there’s no way Courtney is going to share the reason for her visit until we’re both upstairs in my office. Even so, Abi tries to delay things as long as possible, offering both me and Courtney some of the Button Up delicious pastries, presumably in the belief that we would not be able to take those upstairs.
So we chat about the weather and town life in general until Abi says, “Are you here for any special reason, Courtney, or is this just a social visit?”
Detective Constable Courtney Jacobs obviously has the measure of Abi, and she says, “Just a few loose ends to tie up.” Then she stands up, brushes the crumbs from her jeans and grabs the large disposable cup of coffee. “Please excuse us, Abi, but, as I say, Janika and I need to tie up a few loose ends.” And she smiles.
I wink at Abi. I know perfectly well that later today, when I come down for lunch, the co-owner of Button Up is going to get the reason for the visit out of me. Unless, of course, it really is totally confidential. Surely it won’t be anything that bad.
It’s not the first time Courtney has been into my office upstairs, and I think she’s impressed by the security system I’ve installed. Detective Inspector Roger Dickinson has obviously told her about the shooting, but she pauses to examine the splintered bullet holes in the upstairs door. “Dramatic,” is all she says.
I motion Courtney towards the small dark brown leather armchairs by the right hand window. The window on the left has my board with the name of Button Up Detective Agency blotting out most of the view. There’s a blind in the window where we’re sitting. I can’t imagine we’re in any danger from snipers, so I leave it up. I smile to myself at the thought of snipers, but is it really so far-fetched? Of course it is. Calm down, Janika.
I’m glad I didn’t say anything aloud. From the serious look that’s now on Courtney’s face it seems that there is danger for someone.
Courtney Jacobs places her half full disposable cup on the low table. “I’m afraid I’m not bringing you good news,” she says, then takes a slow, deep breath.
“Which is?”
Courtney releases the breath she’s been holding. “You remember Gerry the Taff, of course.”
“He put the tracker on my car and followed me, but that’s all I know. I think you said you’d arrested him on some drugs charge and he was keen to cooperate with your enquiry into the gang that killed Sam. Has something happened to him?”
“He wanted police protection, but we couldn’t hold him indefinitely. We moved him to what we believed was a safe house fifty miles away.”
“And?”
“He’s disappeared.”
“You mean done a runner? Perhaps he didn’t think the house was safe enough.”
Courtney takes another deep breath. Then she releases it slowly. “There’s blood on the carpet, but no sign of a body. So there’s hope that he’s managed to escape.”
“I feel sorry for the man. I know he got mixed up in something, but he didn’t deserve to die. Assuming he’s dead. But why have you come from Brevelstone to share this news? He’s not been in touch with me.”
“Janika, this gang isn’t going to give up punishing anyone involved who they think is a traitor. And as you and Roger Dickinson discovered a few weeks ago, they will stop at nothing to destroy evidence that could track them down.” She points to the door at the top of the stairs. “See what I mean?”
Three bullet holes, fired with the clear intention of killing me and DI Dickinson, even though we were in my living quarters at the time.
“But I don’t have any evidence about anybody connected with the gang,” I protest. “All I have is a dead husband to mourn. What do you suggest I do?”
“They may think you’re still holding onto something unawares, like the list of names inside that book in invisible ink. You’ve made this apartment into a stronghold. The only way they are going to get in is with your keys and the alarm code. But they don’t need to get inside in order to extract information from you.”
“Are you thinking torture?”
“DI Dickinson thinks it would be a good idea if you moved away. We could offer you a safe house.”
I give a hollow laugh. “It didn’t do Gerry the Taff much good. Is there anywhere I’d be really safe?”
“How about Poland? Do you think your parents would welcome you back?”
She’s serious. I’ve never even considered that. “They might, but I don’t want to give up this business. I’m really enjoying playing detectives.” I say that with a laugh, knowing that there’s a bit of conflict between the police detectives and private investigators, although I’ve not had any problem with the Brevelstone CID detectives. But I have been shown a bit of superiority by the crime scene investigators.
“I wouldn’t want to meet Bruno again.”
Courtney nods. “Yes, I can understand that.”
I’ve already told Courtney what a bully Bruno Kamiński turned out to be, constantly hitting me. He was responsible for the miscarriage I suffered in Poland. I blame my father for introducing me to Bruno. And my mother for not believing me about the abuse. Bruno’s father and mine run a large business as partners: Kamiński and Bartol Construction. My father was keen to cement the relationship between the two families. Cement. I almost laugh out loud, but the situation is too serious for humour.
For a moment I look around the office, at the lovely antique mahogany desk and nearly matching filing cabinet, and the almost matching swivel chair. And at the pair of small brown leather armchairs by the window. I love it here. I already feel at home. This is where I belong now.
“Sorry, Courtney, but please tell Roger Dickinson I’m staying put. I did a self defence course as part of my private investigator training. I can look after myself.”
“They have guns,” Courtney says quietly.
A shiver runs up my back and along my shoulders. “Sam is dead,” I tell her. “I live for my work now. It keeps my mind off the past.”
I’m thinking of the job this evening that Piers Pillinger wants to discuss with me. And I recall the arrest of the burglars last night at the warehouse. I’m thinking of the family with a small child that I helped with a spy clock identical to the one I’m looking at on my office wall.
And I’m thinking of Wilfred Chadwick, the elderly man I met while Gerry the Taff was trailing me. I really must pay a visit to Wilfred. His tea might be very milky, but he was interesting company.
“No, I’m definitely staying put,” I tell Courtney, trying to sound braver than I feel. “If the local police want to keep an eye on me from time to time, that’s fine. I mean, what sort of danger am I really in here? I’m more afraid of being in Poland with Bruno than of anyone living here.”


Chapter 4

Piers Pillinger and his family live in an amazing house. Abi has already filled me in with a bit of local history. The cotton mill was expanded massively in the early 1800s with the advent of steam power, and the wealth it created enabled the owner to build this mansion.
To be fair, the houses where Abi lives are built to a good standard, but are of course much smaller. I think Abi’s house was built for a mill foreman, and her friend Rupert and Alice’s house at the other end of the road for a mill manager.
And that reminds me. I need to get my Micra to the Mill Lane Garage where Rupert works. He’s already found a replacement door for the badly damaged one. I feel a bit ashamed to be driving to see Piers Pillinger in a car with a dent and a long, rusty scrape on the passenger side. Note to self: get the car booked in with Rupert.
The gravel on the drive crunches under the wheels as I stop in what seems to be a suitable place to park close to the front door. There’s no point in looking around before unlocking my door, because if anyone is after me – as if – they will be hiding in the shrubbery.
Mr Pillinger has obviously heard the crunching gravel, and he has the large front door open to greet me, flooding the area with light. I think I should call him Mr Pillinger, and not Piers at this stage. This is after all a business meeting, and not just a meal.
“Welcome, Janika, Danny has told me so much about you. Come in.”
Danny has what? I don’t say this aloud, but I’m wondering exactly what Danny has been telling Mr Pillinger. I hope he’s been singing my praises. I look into the elegant hallway. Well, I’m sure he has been, because this is far too grand a place to enter if you haven’t come with a good reputation!
I can see a young girl and boy peering down at me through the banisters at the top of the impressive staircase. From what I can gather, the original owner was a caring man with his employees, so perhaps they didn’t envy him spending so much money on his own house.
The children come down and are introduced as Gwendolyn and Oliver. They hang back a bit and nod shyly. Perhaps they also heard about the incident with the gun, and are wondering if I’m carrying a weapon. After all, Liam was surprised when we first met that I wasn’t fully armed.
“We’ll be eating in about half an hour,” Piers says, and before I can decide whether to call him Piers or Mr Pillinger, he says, “Janika, please call me Piers.” So, problem solved.
Mrs Pillinger comes out of the kitchen looking rather harassed. She’s called Charlotte. “I hope you’re not too hungry, Janika,” she says when we’ve been introduced. “Things aren’t quite going to plan. Piers, why don’t you go to your study and tell Janika why she’s here.”
I suppose that’s a good idea. At least I’ll know whether to enjoy my dinner or not before I sit down to it. The suspense is hanging thickly in the air – to quote something I read recently in a Victorian novel. I love those old stories, especially the romantic ones. That must have been a lovely age to live in. No, not really. Not with all the diseases floating around, and a total lack of technology. Very inconvenient.
Piers has said something while all those thoughts have been going round in my mind, but I think he’s just showing me the way to his study. He opens the door. The walls are lined with books, many of them in leather bindings, although I can see the spines of quite a few bright paperbacks.
Piers points to two high-back wing chairs each side of the huge marble fireplace. The fire isn’t lit, but there are logs in the grate and it has a cosy feel about it.
“Tell me, Janika,” Piers says as he waits for me to sit down first, “what do you know about fine art?”
“What’s Danny been telling you? I hope he hasn’t made me out to be an art critic.”
Piers laughs, a loud confident laugh. The sort of laugh you get when you’ve been to a posh school. “Nothing. All he said is that you’re a discreet private investigator.”
“This job is something to do with art? I’m sorry, I can’t paint or draw for toffee.” That’s an expression from my less-posh school days in England, before I left for Poland at the age of fifteen. I don’t know why it slipped out here.
Piers laughs his easy, confident laugh again. “I need sharp eyes, not an artist’s touch. Have a look at this, Janika.”
He opens a large folder, leather of course, and pulls out a colour photograph showing a painting of two birds perched on the end of a small branch. I look at him expectantly.
“This picture interests me very much,” Piers says. “Very much indeed. Well, it does ‒ if it’s what I think it is.”
I resist the obvious retort that it’s a picture of two birds on the end of a branch, and wait for Piers to explain.
“This came from Humphrey Broxburn’s art gallery in London. He’s offered it for private and confidential sale. But not to me. The thing is, I don’t think it’s his to sell. But he would be suspicious if I asked to see it, because no one is supposed to know he’s selling it. That is, apart from James B Chesterfield in New York, to whom it has been offered.”
Perhaps the job involves going to London. I’m certainly not driving there. Even by train it’s quite a journey, but Piers seems able-bodied enough to make the journey himself. So again I wait to hear more. Somehow I can’t imagine Abi being as patient as this, but I’m putting on the air of a professional detective, quietly taking in all the evidence, like Sherlock Holmes would have done. Except my two plus two will probably make five.
Piers hands me the photograph. “What can you tell me about the picture?”
Oh no, I’m about to fail the test. Well, I’ve already told him I know nothing about fine art. “I can see two birds, but that’s pretty obvious. Is there something hidden?”
Piers claps his hands. “Brilliant, Janika. I’ve done the right thing in getting you to come here.”
With anyone else saying that, it would be sarcasm, but Piers sounds genuine with his praise. Why, I don’t know, and I’m certainly not going to ask.
“You probably think I’m Piers Pillinger, but Humphrey Broxburn has contacted James B Chesterfield, a private art collector living in New York. Just for the record, that’s me. And now you’re going to ask me why the deception.”
I pause for a moment, and then say, “Putting my detective hat on, it’s clear there’s something dodgy about the picture, and the dealer knows you and has good reason not to want to show it to you. But I’m not nosy enough to ask what it is.”
Piers laughs again. “You’re absolutely right, Janika. The dealer knows me, yes. And the reason he wouldn’t sell to me is that he suspects I would know how he has obtained it.”
I don’t understand how things work in the world of fine art, but the answer seems pretty obvious. “If it’s stolen, why don’t you let the police know?”
Piers shakes his head. “I have my reasons, Janika. You have to trust me.”
“And you want me to buy it on your behalf?”
“Certainly not. I want you to go and examine it. You can keep your detective hat on, but also wear the hat of our imaginary James B Chesterfield’s assistant.”
I’m about to protest that I’ve already told him I know nothing about fine art, but I’m not going to turn down the offer of work. So I’m waiting for Piers to go on.
“If you look at the photograph closely, you’ll see the picture is surrounded by a card frame. And I suspect there’s a good reason for that.”
I nod, although I can’t see what the problem is. None of the actual image seems to be masked. The birds and the branch are all there for everyone to see.
“This painting has been offered exclusively and confidentially to James B Chesterfield.”
“The imaginary James B Chesterfield?”
“Indeed. Several years ago I set up his invented name and details on a website. It comes in handy from time to time when I want to conceal my identity. I’ve emailed Humphrey Broxburn expressing great interest, using an American VPN. He has no reason to believe I’m not in New York.”
It’s no wonder Piers Pillinger has a slightly dodgy reputation, even if he doesn’t deserve it. Fancy setting up a fake account. “And where do I come in?” I’m feeling hungry. The smell of food is wafting in through the half open door.
“I need to see what’s behind the card mount. If I went up myself, Humphrey Broxburn knows me and would refuse to show me the painting. I want you to pose as Chesterfield’s assistant and remove the mount. I take it you have some sort of secret camera you can take with you.”
“A couple of different types. Probably the best one is in a pair of spectacles, but I also have one in the top of a pen. What am I looking for?”
Piers reaches for a pencil on the side table and draws an X on the right-hand side of the photograph, over the mount. “I want you to look closely here. You’re looking for two small holes. Photograph the area in close-up, but don’t get involved. And whatever you do, don’t let Humphrey know what you’re doing. You could be in all sorts of trouble. Can I trust you?”
“Of course,” I say, trying to sound more confident than I feel. “Where do I go, and when?”
“If you’re free the day after tomorrow, I’ll arrange the viewing. Humphrey believes you’re already in England from New York, visiting several galleries for James B Chesterfield. He won’t want to miss the chance of seeing you. He’s extremely anxious to sell a particular picture. I’ll pay all your expenses as well as your usual fee.”
“Can I make the return trip in a day?”
“You’ll need to stay in London tomorrow night. I’m sorry if this is all a bit rushed. I’ll book you into a modest little hotel in Mayfair. The hotel will be paid for, and I’ll drop off a first class train ticket to London return. All you will need to pay for are taxi fares and meals. Don’t spare the expenses. Just keep the receipts. I’ll arrange the appointment for 10 o’clock the next morning, so you’ll be able to come back the same day. I can’t imagine you’ll find London much fun after living here.”
I can see problems immediately. “Supposing Mr Broxburn asks for my identity? I can’t very well show him one of my own private investigator cards!”
“No problem,” Piers says casually. “Tell me who you want to be. Something easy for you to remember. What was your family name?”
“Bartol. I was Janika Bartol. How will that help?”
“Leave it with me, Janika. I have a template already set up for my New York business cards. This isn’t the first time I’ve done this, and all I need do is to add your name. So Janika Bartol it is.” And he laughs. “I’ll drop a few cards off at your office with your train ticket in plenty of time. Now, I think dinner is ready. Let’s go and eat.”

Chapter 5

I’m backing into my parking space behind Button Up. At least it’s not raining, but it’s dark. It’s a long time since I ate so much food in one go. Strangely, I find I prefer the modest light meals that Abi and Melanie serve, to the rich food of the Pillingers. But they were good company, and the children didn’t get round to discussing firearms.
I now have to make my way to the front of the building. I didn’t see anyone around as I drove down the road, which is probably a good thing. There’s not going to be anyone to hear my screams for help. Come on, Janika, just get indoors and lock the door safely behind you.
It’s probably because of what Courtney Jacobs suggested, about moving away from the town, but I feel especially nervous tonight. Well, got to get on with it. I shut the door of my Micra as quietly as I can, so as not to attract too much attention, but it does need a bit of a slam. The flashers light up the area as I press the lock button on the key fob, and I cautiously make my way round to the front of the building.
The door to the stairs up to my office and apartment is set well back from the pavement, which gives some shelter when it’s raining, which is just as well because I always have to fiddle with the keys. The key that is hard to locate in the lock needs more of a point on it to guide it in. I must ask the locksmith if that’s possible.
Once again I can hear someone coming slowly. Very slowly. I freeze in the doorway. I’m just about to turn the second key which is now inserted in the lock. Suddenly strong arms grab me from behind in a powerful bear hug, squeezing the breath out of me. And I haven’t even got my pepper spray handy.
“Zgadnij kto, Yanika!”
I don’t need to guess who. Bruno’s breath is hot in my left ear. I try to wriggle free but his arms are holding me too tightly. I can hardly breathe.
“Cieszysz się, że mnie widzisz?”
“No, of course I’m not pleased to see you,” I gasp. “Let me go. The police are on their way. And speak in English. Hearing you speak in Polish again makes me feel sick.”
“Police not coming,” Bruno says confidently in broken English. His hands are groping my body. It’s horrible. “Yanika, I not well. I need you. Please, I need you. Not well.”
Bruno pronounces my name as it’s pronounced in Poland, with a Y. I look down and notice his feet are wide apart as he balances himself against my struggles. My self-defence training kicks in. This move was considered to be a last resort against a man, but it’s going to be my first resort.
I lift my right leg back hard, really hard, between Bruno’s legs, and my heel strikes something soft. With a scream of pain he lets go and falls to the ground.
I turn the second key and the door opens. Bruno is still on the ground. His hand reaches for my ankles, but I kick it away. I have no qualms about causing the man pain, especially after all the pain he caused me over several years. But my main object now is to get through the door and be safe.
I slam the door and there’s another scream. Bruno probably thinks I’m going to open it again in case his fingers are trapped, but I’m not falling for that one. The latch locks automatically both from the outside and the inside as the door shuts, but I turn the key in the mortise lock that engages three strong bolts. There, that should do it.
Even so, I scamper up the stairs as fast as my shaking legs will let me, unlock the door at the top, get into my office and slide the steel bar in place. I am now impregnable.
I can hear Bruno outside in the road, shouting out that I’m going to regret not asking him in. As if! He even screams out that he’s going to kill me if I won’t take him back.
Time to phone the police. With a trembling hand I pull the phone from my bag and dial 999. There, that should fix you, Bruno, you big bully. I hope that kick was hard enough so the intimate side of your life never feels the same again.
The police come surprisingly quickly. I hurry to the window as soon as I see the flashing blue light of the police car. So maybe I’m safe after all.
“Yes?” I say into the intercom speaker on my desk.
“We’re following up a call to the Emergency Services concerning these premises,” a man’s voice says reassuringly.
“Are you on your own or is there someone with you?” Hopefully, Bruno has done a runner, or as much of a runner as he’s been able to do in his present painful condition.
“Just the two of us. Both police officers. Are you all right?”
“Not really,” I say. The rather grainy picture on the intercom screen shows a man in police uniform, and he’s speaking good English. So it isn’t a trick. “Hold on, I’ll come down and let you in.”
I still have my keys in my hand. I make my way carefully down the steep stairs. I certainly don’t want to fall. That would be a great end to an evening out.
There are two men outside, both of them obviously police officers judging by their uniforms and the patrol car. I look left and right but there’s no sign of Bruno.
“Didn’t we see you last night at the warehouse?” the younger of the two men asks. “You certainly get around.”
I recognise them both, but I don’t want to get into a discussion about last night. I’m tired, and I want them to catch Bruno.
“You’re right, you did see me there, but I rang you now because a man assaulted me in this doorway a few minutes ago. I managed to get indoors safely. I live here. It’s my office as well. Upstairs.” It seems worth letting them know that this is my place. “He also threatened to kill me, and I don’t think it’s an idle threat.”
“An assault? Here in this doorway? Can you describe the man to us?”
I turn to the older of the two who is asking the questions. “I can do better than that. I can tell you his name. It’s Bruno Kamiński. He’s Polish and he’s aged thirty-seven. He’s quite tall, heavily built, and he has long black hair. I don’t know what he’s wearing. I couldn’t turn round to see. He grabbed me from behind. Oh yes, I saw the bottom of his legs and his feet. Some sort of black trousers and black trainers.”
“So this man is known to you,” the older officer says. “Is he a special friend? A relative?”
“Would you recognise him if you saw him again?” the younger officer chips in.
“Of course, but I don’t want to see him again. Ever.”
“Excuse me for putting this bluntly,” the older officer says, “but was this some misunderstanding at the end of a night out? I’m sorry, but I have to ask.”
He doesn’t look especially sorry, but I can understand where he’s coming from. “I didn’t even know he’s here in England. The last time I saw him was three years ago in Poland. That’s when he beat me up and I walked out on him. I’ve just come back from seeing Mr Piers Pillinger about business, and Bruno Kamiński attacked me here in the doorway. Quite out of the blue.”
The mention of Piers Pillinger obviously means something to the older officer. I think he’s on my side now. “Do you feel up to taking a drive around town in our car, Ms....”
“Mrs Janika Jones,” I say. “Yes, I’m happy to take a ride with you, even though I feel pretty shaken up. Yes, let’s do it.”
“Don’t we need a statement?” the younger officer asks.
“That will keep, John, that will keep,” the older man tells him. “Let’s go catch this man first. The paperwork can wait.”
“He won’t have gone far,” I say, with a large amount of satisfaction. “He’s going to find walking difficult for a bit.”

Chapter 6

“We must have driven around for half an hour, but we didn’t see him.”
“That means he’s staying somewhere locally,” Abi says.
It’s just after eight. I couldn’t face coming down for my coffee and croissant any earlier. My chest is sore where Bruno gripped me tightly in the bear hug.
“Staying locally? Oh, I really hope not. He might have rented a car, and be miles away by now.”
Abi almost looks relieved. Perhaps she’s afraid Bruno will turn up in the coffee shop and make a scene with me, scaring the customers. Scaring me too. I shake my head. “You don’t know Bruno. Once he’s got me in his sights, he’s not going to give up. He really wants me back. I can tell.”
“And he said he’s not well? Do you believe him?”
I shrug and push the plate with my croissant towards Abi. She’s been picking bits off it, and she might as well finish it. I’m not in the mood to eat anything.
“I suppose it’s possible, but no way am I going back to him. Perhaps he really is ill and wants someone to nurse him. Well, it’s not going to be me, Abi. That’s for sure.”
Abi has picked up my croissant and spread it with the remains of the strawberry jam. “Your parents would know if he really is ill, and what’s wrong with him. Are you still in touch with them? It might be something terminal. Are you sure you don’t want to make peace with him?”
Abi knows all about my parents, and how difficult my life became with them while they pressed me to stay with Bruno. “We exchange texts and the occasional phone call. I’m not sure they’d tell me the truth. It might be a trick from all of them to get me back with him. I wouldn’t put it past my parents to be behind it.”
“But if Bruno really is seriously ill....”
I sigh. This is getting very deep. “Quite honestly, Abi, I’ve had enough of him. I should never have got involved in the first place, although it took a couple of years before he turned on me.”
“Perhaps he wants to apologise before he dies.”
I don’t know if Abi is serious or not. I know she thinks it’s wrong to hate, and we should be prepared to forgive. But she doesn’t know Bruno. “Well, if that’s what he wants, he didn’t exactly go about it the right way, grabbing me from behind and groping me in the doorway. And then threatening to kill me if I didn’t go back with him. Abi, does that sound like the act of a reformed man?”
I have to think for a moment, to clear my mind of some of the memories. “I suppose if that’s all he wants, and he’s going to apologise and leave me alone, then, yes, I’ll see him. But on neutral ground. You and Danny need to be there. That’s enough for now, Abi. Let’s change the subject.”
“Okay, so how did you get on with Piers Pillinger?”
“The food was good.”
I can see Abi isn’t wanting that answer. “And the job?”
I don’t know how much to share. I wonder if even Danny knows what the job entails. And if he does, maybe client confidentiality kicks in. “I have to go to London. I’ll be away tomorrow night, so don’t panic if you don’t see me around. I don’t know how confidential the job is, so it’s best if you ask Danny.”
Abi is grinning. “Okay, I get the hint. Maybe I can persuade Danny to tell me about it in bed tonight.” And she laughs.
At that moment my phone rings. I look at the screen and it says Wilfred C. Just seeing the name takes me to the little village and the thatched cottage where Wilfred Chadwick lives.
“Hello, Wilfred, this is Janika. Good morning.” I look up at Abi and she takes the hint and goes to give Pete and Melanie a hand.
“Janika,” Wilfred says in a rather shaky voice, “how are you?”
We’ve exchanged phone calls a couple of times since he let me hide in his cottage from Gerry the Taff, but he certainly sounds upset today. “I’m well. How about you?”
“Can you pop in? Today? Sorry, I know you’re busy, but it might be important. Or I might be just a silly old man worrying about nothing.”
Wilfred Chadwick is a sweet, elderly gentleman, although he probably wouldn’t want to be described in that way. He and his father and grandfather all have a history of military service, although Wilfred escaped the Second World War, as he was a small child at the time. His father served in it and survived, but his grandfather lost his life in the Somme in the First.
I’m thinking quickly. I’m planning to get a new white blouse to go with my black business suit ready for meeting Humphrey Broxburn at the gallery. Maybe even a new black skirt, slightly shorter than my present one. I want to see if I can divert Humphrey’s attention from my sneaky actions. Not that I’ve got legs to make men turn to jelly, although I have been told they’re my best feature – which is probably not saying much.
I’m fairly short, with plain looks, and rather untidy hair. Note to self: see if the hairstylist can fit you in this afternoon. Or is Wilfred Chadwick’s problem more important than my hair?
“What’s happened, Wilfred? Can you tell me over the phone?”
“I think it’s my grandson, Ben.” Wilfred still sounds shaky. “I think he’s taken the medals.”
I know Wilfred is proud of the medal collection belonging to his grandfather, father and himself. He showed them to me when I was sheltering in his cottage. “What about the police?”
“No, no, no. I want you to deal with this, Janika, if you can spare the time. I don’t want to bring shame on the family.”
Well, I need to find a few more details before making a decision. “What makes you think your grandson has taken them?”
“I don’t want to discuss it over the phone, if you don’t mind. Could you possibly come today?”
I look up at the large clock above the counter that is shaped like a coffee cup. It’s not long past 9 o’clock. The shops are fairly close so it won’t take me long to update my clothing, but I really do need to get my hair done.
“Yes, I can come today, Wilfred. I’ll phone you back in twenty minutes and let you know when I’m coming. I’ve got a couple of things to sort out first.”
Abi is clearing a nearby table. She’s inquisitive ‒ a polite name from nosy – but everyone loves her. “Trouble?” she asks, coming over to my table.
“It’s the elderly man in Cravenwell village I told you about. The one who sheltered me when I was being tailed. He thinks.... Well, I can’t say too much, but he thinks someone in the family has committed a criminal offence.”
“Surely that’s a job for the police. Why are you involved?”
“Abi, Abi, you ask too many questions.” I reach out and tap her on the nose as she bends down to remove my empty cup and plate.
Abi turns a bit red but she takes the reprimand well. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to be nosy. It’s just that you’re almost family now, and I like to know what’s going on.”
Pete has just been serving the table next to us with a ham and cheese panini. He winks at me and says, “There always has to be a first time!”
I get quickly to my feet. I know the staff get on really well together, and Abi will take the joke in the way it’s intended, but I need to make a private call to see if I can get an appointment with the hairstylist this morning. And I either enhance my outfit first or after, depending on the time of the appointment ‒ and put the afternoon aside to sort out Wilfred Chadwick’s problem.
I say goodbye, and make my way out of the coffee shop, pausing in the doorway and looking left and right. Surely Bruno has taken the hint and gone, but there’s always the chance he’s hanging around.
There’s no sign of him, and I only locked the door to my office with a single key when I came out, the one with the key that’s easy to slide into the lock. Even so, I hurry inside before I can be grabbed from behind.

Chapter 7

My hair is fixed. I used to work as a hairstylist in Brevelstone when I was with Sam, so I’m a bit particular about styles. It’s not the effect I was expecting, but I fancy it suits me. I’ll have to see if I can sort it out to look like this myself every morning. Actually, being pampered by the hairstylist was a really pleasant experience, and very relaxing after the stress of last night.
I decide to splash out on a new business suit. Black, with the skirt just above the knee, and also a more modest skirt that goes below the knees. A couple of white blouses and I’m fixed. I can’t put these on Piers Pillinger’s account as necessary expenses for my London assignment, but I know he’s going to pay me well. Assuming of course I manage to peep behind the card mount and take the photographs.
I’m going to need the pair of spectacles with a camera built into the front of one of the side arms, but it’s not exactly subtle. Also, the plain lenses are a bit of a giveaway when standing or sitting facing someone. However, if I go close to the picture, assuming I’m allowed to, I can get the spectacles out of my bag and pretend I need them to carry out a close examination. My pen might turn out to be a better choice, depending on what actually happens at the time. I must make sure they are both fully charged tonight, and the memory cards are empty.
I’ll also be taking a tiny digital camera. It has a much higher resolution, and I’ll keep it handy in my bag. It’s just possible that Humphrey Broxburn will leave me alone while he goes to chat to a client. Unlikely, but as a professional detective I want to be prepared to take advantage of every opportunity I get.
What’s behind Piers’ suspicions? I can’t think he’s planning to carry out a heist on the gallery. It’s not like he’s sending me out as a guinea pig to test their security. No, that’s ridiculous. I don’t see how I can be involved in any criminal activity, no matter what Piers’ motives are. Anyway, I’m sure Danny will defend me in court. He’d better, he got me the job!
Wilfred Chadwick is expecting me at three o’clock. Apparently he likes to have a little nap after lunch, but will have a cup of tea waiting for me. Milky tea in antique bone china cups. The sort of drink old people seem to specialise in. Well, as long as there’s no sign of curds from sour milk floating on the top, I’m brave enough to drink it.
Anyway, from what I’ve seen of his cottage, Wilfred is fastidious about cleanliness, so I doubt Piers’ job in London will be cancelled because I’m suffering from a severe stomach upset. Stop thinking like this, Janika. Everything is going to go well. I’ll be sorting out Wilfred’s family problem, and have his undying gratitude for recovering the medals. Unless, of course, his grandson has managed to sell them. In that case, things could be a little tricky, but not beyond my ability to resolve.
It’s good to have family, unless of course one of them is a thief. I’m glad to be back in the town where I grew up. Of course, bad memories as well as good came back as soon as I got here.
I was still grieving for Sam when I returned to my childhood area. Still am. But meeting Abi and the gang, and getting such a warm welcome has healed so many scars of feeling an outsider at school. I think I felt that way mainly because my father is Polish and my surname was Bartol.
Maybe it was just me. Someone weak tends to get picked on. Would I be different if I could go back to my schooldays now? I hope so. At least I’ve learnt some self assertiveness from Sam and also from my six months on the private investigator course. After all, I dealt with Bruno pretty effectively last night.
And that makes me wonder if he really is ill. He always had a tough, assertive way about him, and that’s what attracted me in the first place. I was aware of my mouse-like qualities, and felt jealous of the way Bruno bullied his way through life – until he started to bully me.
I usually have my lunch at Button Up, but today I want to keep away from there, in case Bruno is watching, waiting for me to return. I wonder if he even knows my car. What if he sees me drive off from the back of the coffee shop and follows me?
Well, I managed to lose Gerry the Taff, so I can probably do it again. After all, Bruno’s not going to know where I’m going, and there are plenty of small turnings on the way to Wilfred’s village that I can dive down.
The main thing is to make sure there’s no tracker on my car, as there was before. That means I need to get my kit from the office. I normally take it with me in the car everywhere I go, in case it’s needed. But with the possibility of Bruno hanging around, the less I use my entrance door the better.
I need to take a firm grip of myself. I’m going to need the kit. It might come in handy if I have to help Wilfred Chadwick get his medals back. I’m also feeling hungry, and I’m not going to hide away any longer.
Come on, Janika, pull yourself together. It’s daylight, and there are plenty of people around. I reach in my bag and remove my pepper spray and make my way back to Button Up where I’m now determined to have my lunch. I am not, definitely not, letting Bruno spoil my life again.

Chapter 8

It’s nearly 3 o’clock, and I’m approaching Cravenwell, Wilfred’s village. I’ve not seen any car following me closely, although I have taken a couple of small diversions just to see if I’m being tailed.
I had my lunch at Button Up, and a snooze on my bed in my apartment before packing my kit and checking my car for a tracker. As I suspected, there was nothing. The way to Wilfred Chadwick’s village of Cravenwell is just off the main Brevelstone road.
Brevelstone has some good as well as bad memories for me. It’s where I first met Sam when I returned to England ‒ fled back to England. It’s where we married, trying to scrape together the rent to pay for the house we lived in.
My father wouldn’t help us out with so much as fifty pence, not even when we faced eviction. My parents and Bruno’s had set their heart on a union with the Bartol and the Kamiński family ‒ just for the sake of the future of the construction business. Yes, there was a definite offer of financial help, but it came with the price tag of marriage.
Brevelstone is a huge, sprawling town where Courtney and DI Roger Dickinson called late at night to tell me Sam had been found dead below a bridge. It’s where the coroner was going to give a verdict of suicide until I put my fledging detective skills to work and changed the verdict to one of murder by person or persons unknown.
It’s one of the person or persons unknown who tried to kill me and Roger Dickinson a few weeks ago. But he is now in custody having been unsuccessful in his mission – obviously – and hopefully singing like a bird, to use an old-fashioned expression from the black and white movies I sometimes watch on television.
Here’s the turning to Cravenwell village now. No one in the rear-view mirror, and so it’s surely safe to turn left. I’ve not been back since I made a diversion here, trying to evade Gerry the Taff on my way to Brevelstone where I was fortunate to meet the lovely Wilfred Chadwick who lives in a thatched cottage with a genuine old-fashioned well in the front garden.
There are several quaint thatched cottages, one of which is spoilt by having a Chinese takeaway next to it. I have recently learnt that it was originally a bakery. I love Chinese, but the bright frontage seems out of place in this chocolate box village!
I’m probably being paranoid, but I decide to park round the back of the village pub, rather than directly outside Wilfred’s beautiful cottage. I can’t think Bruno has any idea that I drive a Nissan Micra. But if he does come driving to the village, he’s not going to spot my car, and that makes me feel happier.
I can see Wilfred looking out of his small front window of diamond-shaped panes of leaded glass. Everything is absolutely genuine, even the thatch, and the roses trained around what must be the original front door. I wonder how many generations of Chadwicks have come and gone through that door, and what sort of memories the cottage could tell if it could only speak.
I smile to myself. I’m probably going a bit crazy, but this afternoon out is doing me a power of good. Just getting away from the office is a tonic. I can’t really think I’m going to be able to help Wilfred, but it will be good for him to talk to someone. And it will be good for me too.
Wilfred comes out to welcome me. Although this is only the second time we’ve met face-to-face, I feel like giving him a hug, so to his surprise that’s exactly what I do. He obviously likes it, because he clings onto me and makes the hug last a little longer than I was expecting.
“I’m so glad you’ve come, Janika. I’ve nearly been going out of my mind, worrying about what to do. Anyway, come in and make yourself comfortable. I’ve got the kettle on. Tea?”
I nod. “Maybe black today, if that’s all right.” I hope I haven’t sounded rude. Last time I came here I think there was more milk in the cup than tea.
I can hear Wilfred whistling to himself as he goes into the kitchen. A few minutes go past, then he emerges carrying a tray which he tries to set down on the low table with shaking hands, making the cups rattle in their saucers. I jump up quickly to help him, but he’s managed to land the tray without mishap.
“We’ll give it five minutes to brew,” he says, and he starts to sound agitated as he goes on. “I can’t stop thinking about Ben. How could he do such a thing? It’s not like him at all.”
I lean forward and point to the teapot which is hidden in a rather stained knitted red tea cosy. “I’d rather it didn’t get too strong. Remember, I’m having it black.”
Wilfred blinks as though he’s coming back into the real world. “Oh yes, of course. I’ll pour it for you now.”
I can see his hands shaking, but I’ve no idea if it’s due to the trauma he’s been through with the loss of the medals, or his natural condition. I reach forward and with a smile I take hold of the teapot handle.
He nods and sits back in his very upright armchair. It’s the sort of chair you see in old people’s care homes. Actually, it’s identical to the chair I’m sitting in, and I have to say it feels quite comfortable. Not that I’m ready for an old folk’s home yet, but at least I know that the chairs are going to be comfortable when I eventually get there.
I pour my own tea, then shake the pot a bit and offer to pour Wilfred’s. I suggest he adds his own milk, which he manages to do without spilling anything.
“Sugar?”
I shake my head. “Now, Wilfred, if you feel up to it, can you tell me what’s happened, and why you think your grandson Ben is responsible.”
“It’s absolutely out of character,” Wilfred says, “but I’ve been racking my brains, and he’s the only one who could have gained access while I was at the clinic yesterday afternoon. It’s a mobile clinic that visits a couple of times a week, and I couldn’t have been there for more than half an hour waiting my turn. It’s my big toe.”
Fortunately he doesn’t offer me a look, and I wait for him to continue.
“Ben calls in sometimes in the afternoon on his way back from school on his bike. He has a key. My daughter has the key as well, but I know she was in Brevelstone yesterday afternoon. Anyway, we see very little of each other.”
“Was there any sign of a break-in?”
Wilfred shakes his head. “That’s it, Janika. No, nothing.”
I’m not giving up. “And did you check the doors were locked when you left and when you came back?”
“Absolutely, Janika. Believe me, I’m almost fanatical about that. And the windows were all latched. The windows are very old, and I’ve always suspected they could be opened with a knife from outside, but it wouldn’t be possible to latch them again when leaving. Whoever got in, came in with a key.”
It does rather look as though Ben is to blame, but things aren’t always that obvious. “And when did you last see the box of medals?”
“You have me there, Janika. I love that precious collection, but I don’t look at the box that often. Are you thinking the collection might have been stolen earlier?”
That’s exactly what I’m thinking.
Wilfred raises a finger. “Wait, it was definitely there after lunch. My medical card was behind it, and I had to move it. I needed the card for the mobile clinic.”
I’m not thinking that Wilfred is totally confused, but evidence like this is hardly going to stand up in court if Ben is to be charged by the police. “How old is Ben?”
Wilfred has to think for a minute. “Fifteen? No, sixteen. It was his birthday last month. How they grow up.”
That certainly sounds like the sort of age for teenagers to get into trouble, but surely not to steal a grandfather’s precious medals. “Have you asked him?” That’s the obvious question. “Perhaps he’s borrowed them for something at school.”
Wilfred becomes flustered. “I didn’t want to ask him, but of course I did. The boy denied it flat out. Said he’d never touched my medals. But I’m a good reader of faces, and the lad looked guilty to me.”
Not enough to hang a man, but certainly enough to be suspicious. “I’d like to help if I can, Wilfred. What do you suggest?”
“Could you have a word with him, please? If he knows you’re a detective, he might realise the game is up and tell you what he’s done with them. He might not have meant any harm by it. Perhaps it’s just a prank.”
That’s not my idea of a prank. “I’m not sure putting a private detective onto him is a good idea, Wilfred. If he knows that, he’s going to hide the medals somewhere, and you’ll never see them again. Of course, if he’s trying to sell them‒‒‒‒”
I don’t manage to stop myself in time. I wish I’d never opened my mouth. I can see from Wilfred’s horrified expression that he hasn’t really faced up to that possibility yet.
I don’t want to panic the old gentleman. “Perhaps I’ll have a quiet word with Ben. I’m going up to London tomorrow for a couple of days. When will it be possible to see him?”
Wilfred adds a generous quantity of milk to his tea, and holds up the jug to me with an expectant look. I shake my head.
He offers me a sugary slice of shortcake. Shop bought, but very tasty. “Ben’s calling in this afternoon.”
That brightens me up. Surely that’s a good sign. If he’s guilty, he will try and stay away. “What time?”
Wilfred looks at a large clock ticking away on the mantelpiece. “Not long now. Can you stay a bit longer, please?”
I’m sure I can fill in the next twenty minutes or so. “Tell me a bit about yourself, Wilfred. You told me last time you were in the army. So you have a grandson and a daughter. I think you said they live close. Here in Cravenwell?”
Wilfred nods, but he doesn’t smile. “Ben is still living at home. Jenny, that’s my daughter, lives in one of the new houses just outside the village. Jenny works in an office in Brevelstone. Not exactly sure what she does, but she’s the only breadwinner in the house. Her husband walked out five years ago in a row over another woman. But you don’t want to hear all that.”
“It’s good to have family around.”
“Good, yes,” Wilfred says, and his eyes look wet. “But it hurts me to think that Ben has taken my medals.”
I need to cheer the man up. “Perhaps it isn’t Ben. Anyway, I’ll do my best to find them for you.”
“Oh please do,” Wilfred says. “They’re my only link with my father and granddad.”
“And your daughter,” I say in surprise. “You must have lots of memories to share with her.”
“Perhaps I do,” Wilfred says firmly, wiping his eyes with a spotless white handkerchief. “She married the wrong man, that I do know.”
“Brothers or sisters?” I ask. Not that they’re likely to be still alive, unless Wilfred’s by far the oldest. I hope I’m not bringing back more unhappy memories.
“Just me. Just me ... and the baby I think.” Wilfred raises the teapot, but I’ve not got far into my first cup. It’s far too strong, but adding milk isn’t going to help.
I shake my head and gently put my hand over the top. “I’m guessing he didn’t survive,” I say. I must be going back eighty years or so, so I’m hardly touching a raw nerve.
Wilfred frowns and rubs the sides of his head. “I wish I could remember. I wonder where he’s buried. If they told me, I could have gone and put flowers there.”
“Were you churchgoers? Chapel? It might be worth asking to see the records if you know the year. I’m sure it hurt your parents a lot to lose the baby.” I smile. “But at least they had you to follow on the family tradition in the army.”
That seems to cheer Wilfred up. “Yes, my father made sure of that. Straight into the army at sixteen. Apprentice school. I wasn’t officer material, but I made sergeant major, same as my father.” He laughs. “So I know how to order people around. I’m going to have a go at Ben. Perhaps if I put the frighteners on him like I used to with some of the men, he might confess.”
I raise a hand. “Hold on a moment, Wilfred. Or should I say Sergeant Major Chadwick? Leave it with me to have a quiet word with Ben if he turns up this afternoon. Just the two of us. I don’t think being the sergeant major is going to help.”
Wilfred takes a long gulp of his milky tea, and replaces the cup in the saucer, making the teaspoon rattle. “Perhaps you’re right, Janika. Give it a try anyway, before I wield the big stick.”
He sees my horrified expression, and laughs. “Speaking metaphorically. No way would I lay a hand on any of my kin, however angry I felt. Not that my father felt like that. He could be brutal at times. I blame the war.”
I hear a noise from the front door. It sounds like a key going into the lock. If it’s Ben, then there’s no need to ask him if he still has a key of his own.
“In here, Benny,” Wilfred calls out. “Got a visitor who wants to see you.”
I’d have put it more subtly than that, but Ben doesn’t seem fazed. A tall youth stands awkwardly in the doorway staring down at me. “Who are you?” he asks rudely. “What the hell are you doing here? I hope you’re not bothering my Gramps.”
“Sit down a minute, Benny,” Wilfred says in a measured tone. He’s obviously trying to maintain his cool. “This lady is a private detective, and she’s going to help me find my medals.”
One look at Ben’s face, and I can see guilt written all over it. “Tell her to mind her own business,” he shouts. “I told you, it’s nothing to do with me.”
“Ben,” I say as softly as I can manage in the circumstances, “I’m sure you love your grandpa. He’s upset about his medals. I’m here to help him find them, and I’m sure I can rely on your full cooperation.” I nod to Wilfred. “How about making some fresh tea for all of us.”
Wilfred takes the hint immediately, leaving his sergeant major persona behind. “Of course,” he says, picking up the small silver tray, making the contents clatter. “A new pot and clean cups coming up. Give me ten minutes.”
Ten minutes to make Ben confess his guilt, or persuade me of his innocence. Almost certainly it’s going to be the former.

Chapter 9

“What’s Gramps been telling you?” Ben demands. “That I’m a thief? Why would I want his crummy old medals? I don’t agree with war, anyway. So good riddance to them, I say.”
I want to stand up and grab the boy and shake him, but even with my self-defence training I’m likely to come off second best. I guess Ben plays rugby for his local school. Instead, I shake my head, and wait for him to say something else. That’s something I’ve learnt. In a period of silence, a guilty person is likely to feel the need to fill it in, and sometimes they say things they later regret.
Ben just stares at me, saying nothing. Well, let’s see who’s going to be the first to blink.
After a minute or so of silence, Ben sighs and sinks down in the chair, his head in his hands. Then he looks up at me, his face pale. “Supposing I did take them? Just supposing, mind. Would I be in trouble with the police?”
I’m not going to let him off the hook. “It all depends on where they are now. If you’ve sold them, I think the police would need to be involved to try and recover them. If you’ve still got them.... That is, assuming you had them in the first place, then I think your grandfather might be prepared to get an apology from you if you return them today, undamaged.”
“Is that what he said?”
I detect a note of hope in that question. “Not exactly, Ben, but I know he’ll listen to me. I can’t see him wanting to get involved with the police over a family matter. And that’s what it is at the moment. Do you still have them?”
Suddenly Ben starts to cry. It shocks me to see a youth of sixteen sitting in an armchair blubbing his eyes out. I feel like joining in.
“It’s the war,” Ben sobs. “Always the bloody war!”
“Ben!” Wilfred calls out sharply from the kitchen. There’s nothing wrong with his hearing. “Language, boy. There’s a lady present.”
“It’s okay,” I call out, shaking my head. Bearing in mind how strongly Ben obviously feels, he’s showing remarkable restraint.
“Sorry,” Ben says quietly, as though I’ve never heard anyone swear before. He closes the door to the kitchen. “Gramps wants me to go into the army. It’s like a family ritual. Almost every week he shows me those stupid medals and tells me how he got them, and how the army is a family tradition. If he’d had a son instead of a daughter, the same thing would have happened. He doesn’t agree with women in the army. My dad, he ran off with another woman, but I don’t think Gramps liked him marrying my mum, because he didn’t want anything to do with the army. It’s all a mess. A complete bloody mess!”
I feel sorry for the kid. I also feel sorry for Wilfred. I hadn’t realised how obsessed he is with the military. That’s the trouble with family traditions, especially with medal winners.
“Ben,” I say softly, a lump in my throat making it difficult to talk, “your Gramps and I seem to get on okay together. We understand each other. Go get the medals and give them back to him. I’ll stay here to make sure things don’t get too heated. And while you’re gone I’ll try and get through to your grandfather about the impossible situation he’s put you in. I guess he can’t think outside the military, because that was his life for so long.”
Ben shakes his head. “He even goes to military reunions in Brevelstone every year. I don’t understand what he sees in it all.”
“Well,” I say, still fighting the lump that’s making it difficult to talk, “we still need the army today, and we’ve needed it in the past. After the Second World War, as soon as you were eighteen, you’d have been called up to serve in the armed forces for eighteen months. It soon became two years. All able bodied young men had to do it unless they were in some special occupation. It was called National Service. I think it ended in 1963.”
I can see Ben smiling through his tears. “At least I escaped that.”
I can hear Wilfred making his way out of the kitchen, with the cups and saucers rattling together on the tray. “Go get the medals,” I say quietly, “and I’ll make peace with your Gramps. Okay?”
Ben stays put. “I don’t have them.”
Great, so now the police are going to be involved. I shake my head. “Have you sold them?”
Wilfred is now in the room. “You’ve sold them?” he shouts, and throws the tray angrily to the floor. The cups and the teapot smash, but the boiling water in the teapot splashes clear of all of us. I can see the man shaking angrily. I hope he’s not about to have a heart attack.
“If my father was here now,” Wilfred shouts, “he’d thrash you with his stick so hard you wouldn’t be able to sit down for a week. That’s the trouble with young people today. No discipline!”
I’ve half risen from my chair, and stay frozen in horror. I look to see what Ben is doing, and he’s standing up very slowly, making his way across the soaking carpet to where his grandfather is standing. “I’d like to get them for you, Gramps, but it’s not going to be easy. I didn’t mean to upset you this much. I wanted to teach you a lesson.”
No longer rooted to the spot, I catch hold of Wilfred and lead him to his chair. “I think Ben doesn’t want to go into the army” I say gently. I don’t want to interfere, but things are critical right now. I need to be a counsellor, not a detective, and those are not skills I’ve learnt in life. If I had counselling skills, I would probably be able to help Bruno. Or more likely wouldn’t have got involved with him in the first place.
It’s strange how similar our two family situations are. Wilfred wants his grandson to go into the army to hold up a family tradition, and my father wants me to marry Bruno to strengthen the relationship with his friend’s family. They both intend to get their own way. Perhaps I can help here. 
“Wilfred,” I say softly, “I know you have a family tradition to uphold, but there comes a time when you need to let go. Please don’t keep putting pressure on Ben to go into the army. Let him make up his own mind what he wants to do in the future. Perhaps he’ll decide to enlist later on, but it has to be his own decision.”
Wilfred is calming down. I don’t think he’s about to have a heart attack, but it would be good if Ben could produce the medals. Perhaps they’re here in his schoolbag.
Ben has come across and is kneeling on the wet carpet by his grandfather’s side. At least the spilt tea has cooled down now. The lad turns to me. “You can leave us. You’re not needed any more.”
I don’t think he means it as rudely as it sounds, but it’s for Wilfred to dismiss me, not Ben. So I sit firmly in my chair to await developments.
I think Ben is annoyed that I’ve stayed. He lowers his voice and says something I can’t hear. His grandfather jumps up in surprise. He’s certainly agile for an oldie, and probably exercises or takes a good walk – or perhaps a route march – every day.
“The well?” he shouts. “What the hell made you throw them down there, boy? That well is bad luck for the Chadwicks.”
“We’ll get them out, Gramps,” Ben says softly. He’s obviously feeling some remorse now. He’ll show even more remorse if he gives his grandfather a heart attack, so I decide to intervene.
I remember Wilfred telling me when I first came here that his parents told him the well was never to be used. It was connected to death. At the time I assumed he meant typhoid, which was rampant in the water in Victorian times. And that’s probably what he did mean.
“The well is sealed,” Wilfred said, looking stunned.
“One of the planks is loose,” Ben says, going across to his grandfather and putting an arm around his shoulder, probably as he’d done as a small boy, long before the falling out.
“You’d no right to touch it,” Wilfred says, making no attempt to remove his grandson’s arm. “No one is to use that well.”
“Sorry, Gramps. I know that. That’s why I thought the medals would never be found. I’ll get them out for you.”
Wilfred is shaking his head. “Leave them there, Ben. Perhaps I’ve been a silly old man living in the past. Anyway, how are you going to get them out? The well is too deep for any sort of ladder I know of.”
I have an idea how to do it, but I’m staying out of this. Perhaps I should be on my way, so I stand up as though to take my leave.
Neither Wilfred nor Ben notice me, and I can’t just walk out of the room and go. So I sit down again to await further developments.
“We could take the whole cover off,” Ben says. “We might be able to borrow a ladder. I don’t think it’s all that deep. It’s my fault anyway, so I’ll be the one to go down.”
“No, lad, no. I’m not having you risking your life. You’re too ... too ... precious to me to risk losing you over a few medals.” The words come out broken, and I’m sitting here feeling like an intruder. It’s definitely time to slip away.
“We could borrow a big magnet and tie it on the end of some string,” Ben suggests.
Wilfred is shaking his head. “The box is brass and the medals aren’t magnetic. But it was a good idea, Ben. Let’s see what we can come up with together.” Wilfred turns to me. “And that includes you, young lady.”
Actually, I’ve come up with a great plan, but I’ve been waiting to see if the two Chadwicks can sort it out between themselves. As a sort of bonding. Or re-bonding. But they seem to be out of ideas. Maybe it’s time to share.
“I live above the Button Up coffee shop,” I explain. “It’s part owned by Abi Button – or Abi Wells as she is now. There’s a house at the end of her road that was a creepy old place before her friends Alice and Rupert Forrester did it up.”
I notice the two looking at me as though I’m losing my sanity. But at least it’s taken their minds off the conflict. “They discovered an old well in the back garden that hadn’t been used for years and years.”
I pause, and I think Wilfred can see where this is going, although Ben is frowning as though he wonders if I’m a crazy woman invading his grandfather’s house.
“Go on,” Wilfred says almost breathlessly. I really do hope his heart is okay.
“Alice and Rupert wanted to see if anything interesting had been thrown down the well in the distant past, because it had been covered over long ago. So with the help of a builder friend they got hold of a long roll-up ladder used by cavers, and began to clear it. The well was dry. I gather they found all sorts of bits and pieces from Georgian and Victorian times, including a child’s shoe that the local museum said is from the early 1800s. Nothing valuable, but things that add to the history of the house.”
“Do you think they’d lend it?” Ben asks. “I don’t mind going down, Gramps.”
Wilfred shakes his head. “I promised my parents the well would remain sealed for ever. Anyway, the box will be under the water now and the ribbons will be ruined. Perhaps I never want to see them again, now they’ve caused all this upset.”
“Gramps, it’s your medals we’re talking about. Yours and your dad’s and your grandad’s. I really do want to get them back for you.”
“Why don’t we go and look,” I say, trying to sound positive. “I’ve got a couple of bright LED flashlights in my car. I’m parked round the back of The Three Horseshoes pub. I’ll go and get it. The box might be sitting on some rubbish, and be completely dry.”
“It won’t be,” Ben says quietly. “I’m sorry, f
Gramps, I heard it splash in the water.”
“Let me run and get the flashlights. While I’m gone, Ben, get the plank off the well,” I say, ever the helpful one. “I’ll be back in a couple of minutes.”
I pause as I leave the small front garden of Wilfred’s cottage, just to make sure Bruno isn’t anywhere near. Seeing Wilfred has completely taken my mind off the possible danger I could be in, all because of that past relationship in Poland.
The coast looks clear. My car is still safely in the parking area at the back of the pub. Surely Bruno has given up looking for me. I’ll take the car and stop outside Wilfred’s cottage. It will save time. And be safer.
Wilfred and Ben are waiting for me as I park. I flip open the boot of the Micra and open my bag of kit. My spare phone is there, plus a bug detector and other useful items. The phone is a quality used model I got from phone shop guy.
It’s not registered to anyone, which is perfectly legal. I think it’s what’s called a burner phone. Always handy to have a spare for emergencies. It’s also on a different network, so if I can’t get a signal on my main phone, there’s a chance I’ll get one on this.
The LED flashlight I select has a powerful, narrow beam. Just the thing for spotting a box of medals – as long as it’s not too deep underwater.
Ben has already removed the loose plank from the circular wooden cover. He wants to take the flashlight from me, but I need to look for myself.
“All in good time,” I say, as calmly as I can. Actually, I’m excited, even though the loss of the family medals is nothing short of a disaster, in spite of the brave face Wilfred is putting on things.
I can see that the well shaft has been cut through the local limestone, and lined in places with bricks which are covered in black and green slime, or some sort of mould. The beam from the flashlight shines back at me from the water at the bottom. There’s no rubble for anyone to stand on while fishing around for the box.
I hand the flashlight to Wilfred. He ought to be the next to assess the situation. After all, it’s his well and his medals. He looks in for a moment then passes the flashlight to Ben. “There’s no way you’re going down there, boy,” he says. “Let’s forget all about those damned medals.”
But even if Wilfred can forget about them, I can’t. I remember how proudly he showed them to me the first time we met. And I’m sure when I tell Alice and Rupert, they’ll be as keen as I am to see what’s lurking down there.

Chapter 10

“So do you think Rupert and his builder friend will be able to help the old gentleman?”
I’m in Button Up, with Abi, Melanie and Pete, gathered round our small table as I repeat the afternoon’s drama in detail. I’ve just finished an excellent apple Danish, and I’m now sipping a large cappuccino.
My laptop is on the table. I really must replace it with something less ancient, but it’s going to be a nuisance sorting out any new apps it’s likely to need. Plus, probably, a new printer and scanner.
One good thing about a new laptop is that I could make it more secure. The login pin to access the computer is just my birthday, which I know is not a clever thing to do. I’m not altogether clueless when it comes to that sort of thing, but I’ve been worried that I might set something that makes it impossible for me to log in, and then I’d have no access to my files, which are all encrypted.
Phone shop guy might help, but last time I went to check if he needed any more of my flyers for the counter I got the impression he was hitting on me, although it might be vanity on my part. He’s a lot younger than me. Perhaps one of Abi’s friends could help.
“So this is Wilfred’s small front garden,” I say, pointing to the screen. I took several photographs which I’ve downloaded onto my laptop so everyone can see the screen. The first one shows Wilfred and Ben standing a little distance apart. I don’t know why I took it, but at the time I felt it was some sort of record that needed taking. “And that’s the loose plank Wilfred’s grandson removed to drop the medals down.”
“Perhaps he didn’t really drop them,” Pete points out. “He might really have sold them because he needs the money, and he knows there’s no way anyone is going to fish around down at the bottom of that well to prove him wrong.”
I should have thought of that myself. I flip over the final picture. It’s the best I could do, pointing the camera down the well and firing the flash. Everything close to the camera has burnt out whatever is at the bottom.
“You certainly had an afternoon of it,” Abi says. “Rupert’s builder friend is called Harry. I’m sure the two of them are up for the adventure, although their wives might think differently. How safe is the well shaft? You know, are there any crumbling bricks that could cause it to cave in? Your photograph really only showed the top part, and that was almost white from the flash.”
I shrug. “It looked okay to me, but then I’m not an expert. I’ll give you Wilfred’s phone number, and either Rupert or Harry can get in touch. Cravenwell isn’t far away, so it wouldn’t hurt for one of them just to have a look-see.”
My state of mind is surprisingly good after such a to-do at Wilfred’s cottage. I left the two not exactly the best of friends, but with some sort of understanding to live and let live. I suppose there’s always a chance that Ben will enlist, but somehow I doubt it.
Melanie and Pete go to serve a couple of customers who are now waiting to order at the counter, but Abi stays with me.
“Danny told me a bit about the job Piers Pillinger has lined up for you,” she says. “Sounds fun.”
I’ve no idea how much Danny has told her, and I guess she’s fishing. “I have to get the ten thirty train from here. It’s the only one that stops that will get me to where I can catch a convenient train to London. There will be a lot of hanging around for the connection, but Piers has booked me into a great hotel in Mayfair. I’ve looked it up on the internet and seen their prices. He calls it modest, but I’ve never stayed in anything that expensive before.”
Abi eyes me up and down. I’m wearing black jeans and a clean white sweat top, and I know what she’s thinking. “It’s okay, Abi, I bought a smart suit in town today, especially for the event. Two lengths of black skirts, a really smart black jacket and a couple more white blouses.”
“And your luggage? You can’t book into a West End hotel with your old backpack.”
I’d not thought of that. “It’s okay, the shops will still be open. I’ve got enough time to buy something good. I can’t put it on my expenses for Piers, but I’m sure it will come in handy in the future. Do you know of an upmarket luggage shop in town?”
Abi smiles as she stands up. She glances at the large clock above the service counter. It’s just after five, and rather surprisingly just about every table is occupied. She turns to Melanie and Pete who are working frantically. “Hold the fort, guys. Janika and I are going shopping!”
“Pete,” I call, “lock my laptop away in the stockroom. I can’t take it with me to the shops.”
He’s busy, but I’m sure he heard.

<><><><>

I’m standing on the platform now, waiting for the train. Although the town is on the main line, not many trains stop here. I think the station was built to accommodate the cotton mill which is long gone.
I glance down at my small overnight case which I’m guarding by my feet. It’s a designer label, and apart from my detective kit it’s the most valuable thing I’m ever likely to own.
By the time Abi and I got to what she assured me was the best luggage shop in town, they were getting ready to close and I had to buy in a rush. Well, it certainly looks the part for stopping off in Mayfair. Perhaps I should have left the price label on!
I’ve brought a book with me. It’s going to be a long journey, because I have to wait over ninety minutes for the London connection. I keep wanting to open the case to make sure I’ve packed all my spy kit.
It’s like going on holiday, and everybody has to keep checking they have their passport the night before going, in the morning when waking up, just before leaving for the airport, checking it on the way to the airport, and then in a panic not being able to find it at check-in because it’s been put back in a different pocket.
There must be at least twenty of us waiting for the train, and I can hear it coming on time. Everybody shuffles forward as though they’re unlikely to get a seat, but I’m sure it will be fairly empty. Anyway, my seat is reserved, thanks to Piers Pillinger.
This is the first time I’ve ever travelled first class. I’m sure I’m not going to be challenged by anyone, because my new business suit with the longer skirt I’m wearing for the journey up to London certainly looks the part for a first class seat. Whether I should change to the shorter skirt when I go to see Humphrey Broxburn, I’m not yet sure.
I don’t want to look cheap, and I want to present a professional appearance. After all, I’m Janika Bartol, James B Chesterfield’s assistant from New York. I’m glad I’m using Bartol, my maiden name, because I might not think to answer to another surname, although I have to remember to pronounce Janika with a J.
I have several pairs of 15 denier barely black tights packed, just to be sure nothing can possibly go wrong with my appearance at the art gallery, even though I’m not the most elegant young female around.
Last night I waxed my legs, ready for the short skirt. I’d forgotten how painful it was. It was Sam who was turned on by smooth legs, and I’ve not bothered since. My legs aren’t especially hairy. Fortunately, I get that from my mother. My father has black hair and a very hairy chest, back and legs! I mostly wear trousers and jeans, but even slightly hairy legs don’t go with 15 denier barely black tights.
The first class carriage is nearly empty, so I decide to keep my designer case with me, rather than putting it into the rack at the entrance. Just as the train moves off, and I’m ready to settle down with my book, I notice someone running onto the platform.
It’s Bruno Kamiński. Definitely Bruno.
I think he’s seen me, but he’s too late to get on the train. Well, at least I’m safe for now, although it does mean he’s staying around Craidlea in the hope of seeing me again. Well, Bruno, you’re out of luck today. There won’t be another train until after lunch, and you’ve no idea where I’m going anyway.

<><><><>

I think hotel staff are trained to spot guests who don’t quite fit in. Well, that’s the impression I get from the receptionist who eyes me up and down. When I explain who I am and that I have a booking, she eyes me up and down again, as though I could be after the family silver.
But when she finds the booking, and sees it’s all paid for, she sighs with relief. She’s probably realised I’m not one of the guests who can’t afford the room and will do a runner before breakfast.
The room is good. Not amazing, but more than good enough for me. There’s a posh marble bathroom and a large television. Unfortunately, the wi-fi has to be paid for at a ridiculously high rate, but my receipt shows that it’s free for me. Well, good for Piers.
My laptop should be safely locked in the stockroom at Button Up, but I check my emails on my phone. Nothing. Well at least I’m not missing a valuable, urgent surveillance commission for tonight. Abi asked me to let her know when I’m safely here, and I do that by text rather than using an email. It’s easier to do smiley faces that way.
I get out one of the business cards Piers printed for me. It has James B Chesterfield’s name in a distinctive font, but no actual address, apart from New York. So, no unexpected visitors. But there is a phone number. I wonder if it’s genuine.
If I ring it, will Piers answer? Maybe he’ll put on an American accent! The temptation to try it is strong. It has the international dialling code, and a quick call won’t cost much. Yes, I’m going to give it a go.
I tap the number out on my mobile. If Piers answers, my number will come up and he’ll know it’s me. Surely this is what is known as due diligence. I need to be fully acquainted with as much as I can find out about James B Chesterfield’s so-called fine art dealings.
To my surprise an American voice answers. A rather seductive sounding female. “Mr Chesterfield is unavailable to speak just now. To leave a message, press 1 for business, and 2 for personal calls.”
What to do, what to do? Not that I’m intending to leave a message, but pressing 2 for personal calls is something I’m finding irresistible. I press 2.
“Hi there, this is James. Sorry to have missed your call. Please give your details and I’ll get back to you.”
I put my phone off. That certainly wasn’t Piers. That was an authentic sounding American using just the sort of voice I would imagine a wealthy collector of fine art possesses. So how does it work? I’m guessing Piers has a friend in America who takes the part of James B Chesterfield, and takes the calls on his behalf.
Is that legal? I suppose so. And even if Piers is using Chesterfield’s name for some illegal purpose I guess I’m safe, and won’t be involved in any criminal charges. After all, Danny is sure to support me. And I’m sure Abi will help convince him that I need his help if it all goes wrong in the morning.
I don’t know if an evening meal is on the house, and I’m too embarrassed to go to reception to ask. I’m not even sure about breakfast, but as far as I can tell from my receipt it’s included. I’ll have a lie down, watch a bit of telly, and carry on reading my book. Wow, this is the life!

<><><><>

It’s 6 o’clock now, and time to wander around the West End and find something inexpensive to eat, if possible. If my booking at the hotel includes the evening meal, Piers is going to wonder why I’m giving him a receipt. I also want to track down the art gallery. I have to be there tomorrow morning at ten, and I’d rather be slightly early than late, and certainly not get lost on the way.
Outside the hotel the world is going wild. Pedestrians hurrying everywhere, traffic stationary, and a general air of rushing about makes me glad I live in a small town. Even Brevelstone at rush hour is like Cravenwell village compared to London.
The map on my phone shows me that Humphrey Broxburn’s gallery is only a few hundred yards away. So I might as well make my way there now and check it’s where the map says it is. Then I can enjoy a McDonald’s or something similar.
It would be a shame if a five-star menu was included in my overnight stay at the hotel, but if I had to pay for it myself, I know I couldn’t enjoy it at all. Living with Sam, desperately short of money, taught me to enjoy the simple things in life where even a McDonald’s basic burger and fries was a major treat we could barely afford.
At first I can’t see Humphrey Broxburn’s art gallery. I’m expecting to see at least a double fronted glass showroom with several paintings on easels on display, but I know this is the right street. At least, it is if Piers Pillinger got the address right. Ah, that’s it.
The frontage is narrow. Too narrow to have a display window, but a rather simple sign above the entrance door in the brick faced building says this is the right place. To look inside I will have to go to the door and press my face against the glass. I hesitate. I don’t want to look suspicious, but I do need to get an idea of the layout inside.
Well, I’m dressed respectably. My black skirt is the longer one, so I probably look decent enough to be standing outside an art gallery. The interior lights are on, but a sign on the door says closed, so I imagine the place is deserted. I hope so.
I won’t be able to take in the whole layout with a quick, guilty glance. I have a reasonable memory, but certainly not a photographic one. In my shoulder bag I have two digital cameras. Both have high resolution chips, but in the morning I intend to use my camera spectacles, and certainly not either of the two digital cameras. They would be far too conspicuous.
I need to squint through the window with the smaller camera pressed against the glass to steady it and avoid reflections from the street. I can then fire off a few shots. Back at my hotel I’ll study them all at length.
I don’t look left and right before stepping forward. That would certainly make me look as though I’m up to no good – which I am. I’m more concerned about taking a photograph than taking everything in by eye. I’m holding the tiny camera at waist level so as not to make my actions obvious.
I press the take button. That’s the first one. Better get another.
“Can I help you?”

Chapter 11

A man has come up behind me. I press the small black camera to my stomach and turn around to see who’s talking to me. At least it’s not Bruno.
Doing my best not to sound flustered, in the calmest voice I can manage, I say, “I represent an American client. I have an appointment here in the morning. I’ve just arrived in London and I want to make sure I have the correct location.” I manage a smile, although I’m sure it doesn’t look all that genuine.
The man standing there is probably in his sixties. He’s wearing expensive, tight red chinos and a black roll neck top. Very arty. “I think you’ve come to see me. You must be....”
“Janika Bartol,” I say, remembering to use my old surname. “Are you Mr Humphrey Broxburn?” It’s a reasonable guess, because it doesn’t look as though he’s dressed to have come far.
He nods. “Do you have some identification?”
Fortunately, I know exactly where the business cards are that Piers printed for me. Even so, I glance as I take one out of my bag. It will be a serious blunder to hand him one of my Button Up Detective Agency cards!
Humphrey Broxburn holds it to the light coming through the glass door to the art gallery. “Glad to meet you, Janika. Have you come straight from New York?”
For some reason I’m now feeling surprisingly confident. The man doesn’t seem to have noticed my camera which I’ve managed to return successfully to my bag. I smile. “I’m in England for some time. Not just London. I have several assignments.” Several assignments, yes, but only one for Piers Pillinger.
Humphrey Broxburn is holding a ring with two keys in his hand, and there’s a file of papers trapped under his arm. “Well, since you’re here, Janika, how about you come in and we sort this little matter out now? I gather from James B Chesterfield you only want to carry out a quick appraisal.”
This is not what I was expecting. My spectacles and pen, each with a built-in camera, are back in the hotel. I only came out to have a snack and look for the gallery. But at least I have my small digital camera, and the shutter sound is disabled. What excuse can I come up with to delay the viewing until the morning?
Humphrey already has the door open and is disabling an elaborate alarm control box. “Come in, Janika. It’s quieter inside, and more private.” He points to several paintings on the wall, lit with subtle lighting. There are even some bronze figures and busts on pedestals.
He points to a couple of portrait paintings of old men on the wall, done in gaudy colours. “What do you think about these?”
I feel sick. I know I’m not going to pass the test, if that’s what it is. “Mr Broxburn,” I say with as much confidence as I can muster, “I do have another appointment this evening.” McDonalds. “So maybe we ought to delay this until the morning as arranged.”
Not that I’m going to have a clue who the painter is by then. Maybe I should make my way straight back home and call it a day.
“Janika,” Humphrey Broxburn says, coming rather too close to me, his breathing heavy, “let’s do it now.”
I have my pepper spray handy in my bag in case it’s needed, but I hope this isn’t going in the direction where it will be needed. “Fine with me,” I manage to say.
“Have a browse around in case you see anything else Mr Chesterfield would be interested in,” Humphrey says, moving away to a satisfactory distance. “I’ll get the picture from the safe. Won’t be long.”
As he speaks, the paperwork he’s holding scatters to the ground, along with the ring with the two keys he used to get us in. I don’t know why, but my gut instinct – and my guts are certainly in a turmoil – tells me not to point out that the keys are still on the floor when he picks up the papers.
Although my heels are quite low, I manage to stand over the keys and conceal them in the gap between the heel and sole. As Humphrey walks away, I slide them gently and quietly towards a bronze bust mounted on a low pedestal.
Leaving them where they are, I quickly make my way to the paintings of the old men. At least I should be able to learn the name of the painter, and if I have to come back in the morning I can research the name on the internet tonight, as long as I don’t get asked too many questions. Hopefully I won’t need to return. I’ll either be back at the hotel with the photographs I’ve come to take for Piers, or be under arrest.
I have to remember that James B Chesterfield is an imaginary person, although it would take anyone some time to work their way through Piers Pillinger’s Chesterfield website to see through it. By then I might be out on bail. Problems, problems, all in a day’s work for the private investigator.
“Here it is.”
I jump. Humphrey wears very soft soled shoes and I didn’t hear him coming. “Sorry,” I say, “I was admiring these two paintings by Jan Glotz.” At least, I think that’s the artist’s name. I hardly got a chance to read the cards underneath properly. “Do you handle all his work?”
Humphrey frowns. Oh dear, I’ve got something wrong. But then he smiles, and says, “In confidence, I’m hoping to be his exclusive agent. What do you think? Do you think the man has promise?”
Okay, Jan is a man. That’s one potential blunder out of the way. “Can you tell me the price?”
“What would you say, Janika?”
I smile. “I don’t do valuations, I leave that to Mr Chesterfield. If you give me the details, I can certainly pass everything onto him. He might be interested if the price is right. Do you have many of Jan Glotz’ portraits?”
“Leave it with me, Janika. I’ll email your Mr Chesterfield full details.”
I imagine the emails will get redirected straight to Piers rather than to some imaginary fine art collector in New York. I must remember to tell Piers that I’m responsible, because the paintings look horrible and amateurish. I hope Piers has enough taste to share my feelings. But then what do I know about art!
Oh yes, that’s supposed to be the reason I’m here.
Humphrey Broxburn leads me towards the back of the gallery, with his hand gently pressing in the small of my back. I guess this is the price I have to pay for the commission Piers has given me. Just as long as this is as far as it goes.
I recognise the picture immediately. Humphrey has placed it on a small easel with two spotlights shining on it. I say, “Ah yes,” and go forward closely to look. If I’d been able to come tomorrow morning, I would be wearing the spectacles with the built-in camera, so I could lean forward to examine it closely and try to remove the card mount concealing the edges of the picture.
I see now that it’s not a painting at all, but a work in pastels, which is presumably why it’s done on board and not canvas.
I peer forward as though examining some small detail and make suitable noises to give the impression I know what I’m looking at. I produce my larger camera from my bag. “May I?”
Humphrey shakes his head firmly. “The only photography permitted in my gallery is carried out under my close supervision. Is there some special detail that Mr Chesterfield wishes to see?”
Oh yes there is, but I’m certainly not going to say what. I hope the man hasn’t become suspicious. “Just a few small details,” I say, pointing to one of the leaves on the branch where the two birds are perching.
“Ah yes, the leaves. Quite exquisitely executed, don’t you think, Janika?”
“Certainly well executed,” I say. I’m feeling completely out of my depth, and soon my knees will start to tremble. I’d much rather be sitting in a car in the rain at midnight, with the window half down doing surveillance.
The card frame is a fawn colour with a bevel rectangle cut out of it at an angle, showing white. It doesn’t seem to be masking any of the actual picture, and could well be there just to hide tatty edges to the board on which it’s been done. Or exquisitely executed, to use Humphrey’s terminology.
If the frame is glued on permanently, I don’t stand a chance. The smaller camera is in the bottom of my bag, but it should be easy to grab if the opportunity arises.
I point to the picture on the easel. It’s at eye level. “May I hold it for a moment?”
A thought has occurred to me. If there are two holes in the front, then they must come through to the back. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be holes, just impressions.
Clearly Humphrey isn’t suspicious. Not yet, because he gives his permission with a gracious wave of a hand.
“I need to see the back,” is all I say, as I carefully remove the picture of the two birds and with great care replace it backwards on the easel. Then I make a show of examining what’s on the back. Just my luck. A sheet of paper from an exhibition in 1922 covers most of it, and certainly covers any small holes that Piers is anxious to see.
I have to pretend that all I want to examine is the exhibition notice, so I read it closely, nodding from time to time, then turn the picture the right way round. Oh look, the front mount only seems to be held in place with a small piece of masking tape on each side. If I could only divert....
The floor is highly polished black and white marble. Perhaps the neutral colour helps emphasise the purity of the colours in the paintings. I’ve no idea, but I do have a plan. It will either be successful or get me thrown out ‒ or maybe arrested.
Behind me is the pedestal containing the bronze bust, executed almost as atrociously as the two portraits by Jan Glotz. I’m certainly not going to knock the pedestal over and create a diversion that way, but on the floor at the side of the pedestal are Humphrey’s two keys on a ring where I slid them just now.
I used to play soccer at school in Poland, and I can probably summon up a bit of skill from my past. With care, I might be able to kick the keys across the floor into what looks like a cluttered stockroom with an open door. Here’s hoping.
With my body between Humphrey Broxburn and the picture, using a fingernail I peel back the masking tape on the side where the two small holes will be, if they’re here. I turn to Humphrey with a smile, and point to the spotlights. “Is it all right if I move the easel forward?”
He nods, so I pick up the easel, which is only light, and move it nearer the pedestal, as though I want to get a different light glancing across it for some reason that I couldn’t possibly explain if asked. I step back towards the bust as though I’m appraising the picture.
I pretend to stumble, and land on my butt more heavily than intended. As I fall, I manage to kick the keys flying across the polished marble and through the door into the unlit stockroom.
“Oh, ever so sorry,” I say, rubbing my behind.
No sooner have the keys disappeared from sight, than Humphrey is hurrying after them. I hope they’ve disappeared under some item being stored there and are difficult to retrieve.
Am I really up to this? If I can get a photograph, or perhaps two, Piers is going to be singing my praises and Danny is sure to find me more work. Or maybe I’ll be giving Danny the work, as he tries to get me off a charge of entering premises under false pretences to obtain information by deception.
I’m not going to turn round to see where Humphrey is. My miniature camera is ready. The remaining piece of masking tape acts a hinge as I open the card frame away from the picture, and before anyone can say, “Bob’s your uncle,” or Humphrey can shout, “What do you think you’re doing?” the job is done, and the small piece of masking tape is securely back in place.
I decide not to turn round to see if Humphrey is watching, because that would definitely make me look guilty. My tiny camera is still in my hand, but it’s small enough to conceal. I step back as though taking one last look, and say, “I think I have all I need now, Humphrey,” just in case he’s within listening range.
He is.
I’m sort of half expecting a blow on the back of the head, or the sound of alarm bells and sirens ringing throughout the gallery, but nothing happens. Perhaps he’s too stunned after witnessing what I’ve just done. I force myself to turn slowly, with a fixed smile.
“I’m so glad we made contact this evening,” Humphrey says. “Are you all right? You had a bit of a nasty tumble there.”
I’m going to feel bruised for the next few days, but I smile and say, “No problem. I landed safely.”
“If you’re sure.”
I certainly don’t want him providing any medical help or massage. “Absolutely sure,” and give him another smile, as warm as I can make it bearing in mind the pain I’m in.
Humphrey sounds genuine. Have I really got away with it? “I’ll email Mr Chesterfield this evening,” I say. “I’m sure my report will be satisfactory.”
Will it? I didn’t even notice if there were two small holes. I just hope the camera managed to autofocus in time. I only held it there for about a second before pressing the take button. Well, I’ll know when I get back to my luxury hotel ‒ as long as Humphrey doesn’t send out his hired thugs to dispose of me on the way back.
I know I’m half joking with myself, but I’m not going to rest until I’m safely inside my luxury room in my Mayfair hotel. Never mind about McDonald’s. I don’t mind going without food this evening, as long as the door to my room is firmly locked on the inside.
“Don’t forget to let Mr Chesterfield know about the Jan Glotz portraits,” I remind him as we part. I walk away from Humphrey Broxburn’s West End art gallery, fast enough to get clear but slowly enough not to arouse suspicion if he’s watching.
I can tell I’ve given myself a nasty bruise on my backside. I’ll have to lie on the bed when I get back to the hotel, instead of sitting in the chair. Let’s hope it was worth it.

Chapter 12

 I’m back in the hotel, lying flat out on the bed, shaking all over. I’m almost too scared to download the single image from my camera onto my phone and examine the picture I’ve just taken. The camera has a tiny screen on the back, but it’s too small to spot the two holes – assuming I managed to get them. If they are there, that is.
On my phone I can enlarge the photograph and move it around, and even enhance it for brightness and contrast if necessary
What on earth made me become a private detective? Please, Lord, don’t let me get caught up in an assignment as scary as this again. Was that really a prayer? I know Sam prayed, but not until after we were married. Some friends of ours in Brevelstone invited us to church, and somehow Sam clicked. All I could do was go with him every other Sunday and wonder how long the service was going to last.
Perhaps it was a prayer, because I feel more at peace now. I plug in the USB lead between the camera and phone and switch on the camera, and wait while the camera boots up.
I could have collected my laptop from Button Up this morning before setting out, but I didn’t want to get delayed. At the time I could see no point in bringing it with me, and it will be safe enough in their stockroom.. But now, of course, the large screen would be a great help. I press the gallery button, and an image of the edge of the pastel picture comes up on my phone. 
It’s at a crazy angle, but that’s not important. I need to enlarge the image. It seems to be in focus, but where are those holes? I can’t see them, but that doesn’t mean they’re not there. Of course, it’s possible I photographed the wrong area. The camera does seem to have been a bit too close to show much.
Using the cursor I scan up the picture. Nothing. Then down, and down a bit further. Bingo! Two small holes, slightly blurred by camera shake, but definitely two small holes. Given more time to take photographs I could have made them completely sharp, but I’m sure Piers will be satisfied.
I now need to email the picture to Piers as an attachment before Humphrey Broxburn or one of his cronies manages to smash their way in and grab the camera – and deal with me as a potential witness.
Yes, my imagination is completely OTT. I think it’s some sort of euphoria from a job completed successfully. Well done, Janika!
The photograph has now been sent to Piers. It took a long time to upload from my phone, and for the price the hotel is charging Piers for the wi-fi, I’d have expected something a lot faster. What I have to do now is type out an email to Piers explaining what I’ve done and how I did it.
I find it a real pain to tap out anything more than a single sentence using the screen on my phone. Yes, I really should have brought my laptop, but Button Up was closed by the time I got back from the shopping trip, and Abi went straight home from the shops, and I don’t have a key to the coffee shop. Not that it matters, because I didn’t intend to bring it in my small designer suitcase.
It should be perfectly safe in the stockroom. No wonder knows my birthday, even if they were so minded to see what’s on there. One good thing is that anyone managing to get into the operating system will hit a brick wall at my encrypted files. They are also on the Cloud, so if ever have the misfortune to lose the laptop, I can reinstall everything on a new machine. 
I’m feeling hungry now the adrenaline has settled. Dare I risk going out again? No, for all I know Humphrey Broxburn has tracked me back to the hotel and is waiting in the reception area hoping I’ll come down.
I have an idea. I pick up the house phone and ask if anyone has been looking for me. No one has. Perhaps I will risk going out for something to eat. Come to think of it, I feel starving. I’ve not eaten since waiting for the London connection.
The hotel has two restaurants, both of them expensive. I know I’ve achieved the job that Piers commissioned me to do, and I’m sure he’ll pay for an upmarket meal if I keep the receipt. I don’t fancy waiting a long time for table service, even if the meal is going to be free. And certainly not if I have to pay for it myself. What I need is an instant calorie fix.
McDonald’s? My backside feel too painful to walk far. I’ll hail a cab and ask to be dropped at the nearest branch. Instant food, instant happiness.

<><><><>

I didn’t venture far last night, but this morning my bruises were easing, and I took a look around some of the shops in the West End, after taking advantage of the hotel breakfast that definitely was part of my booking. My first class ticket is for a reservation on a particular train, and I couldn’t change it without paying extra.
I’m approaching Button Up now on foot. I could have taken a taxi, but it’s only a short walk from Craidlea station, and I’m rather proud of my designer suitcase. Not that people seem to take much notice as I pull it behind me on almost silent wheels – but that’s life.
I could do with a coffee. I had lunch while waiting for ages for the local connection. I’m rather proud of what I did yesterday, as well as being proud of my luggage. Time to see Abi and order one of my favourite Button Up cappuccinos. It’s unlikely Danny will still be here, but if he is I’ll be able to tell him I carried out Piers Pillinger’s assignment with great success.
Abi comes across to greet me as I enter. No sign of Danny. I look at the clock above the service counter. It’s getting on for 4 o’clock. Of course Danny won’t still be here. Liam will soon be here after school. I can’t see Melanie, so she’s probably gone to collect him.
Abi gives me a friendly greeting. She’s obviously bursting to know what happened in London. “He’s upstairs,” she says.
This isn’t what I’m expecting. “Who’s upstairs?”
“Bruno,” she says, sounding surprised. “Who did you think it would be?”
I shake my head. This isn’t making sense. “What do you mean, Bruno’s upstairs? Upstairs where?”
“In your apartment, of course. Where did you expect me to take him?”
We don’t seem to be on the same page. “Let’s start again, Abi. We’re talking about Bruno Kamiński, right?”
Abi nods, but I see some doubts creeping across her face. “It was in your email.”
Never mind about my coffee, I want to understand what on earth Abi is talking about. I drag her to the corner table and push her down into one of the two chairs. “Start again,” I say, feeling annoyed. Abi seems to be talking nonsense. “What has Bruno got to do with this?”
My hands are on the table and Abi reaches over and puts her hands on top of mine. “You sent me an email today. Right?”
“Wrong. I sent you a text yesterday evening to say that the job was done okay.”
“And an email this morning?”
“I didn’t have my laptop with me, and I usually send text messages from my phone. It’s easier.”
“Hold on a moment,” Abi darts behind the counter and comes back and puts her phone on the table. She’s already opened the screen and shows me her emails. I quickly read the top one.
Abi, excuse email phone not good. Me very sorry for Bruno not well. Please let him into my apartment to wait for me so he can rest. No big problem. Back soon. Janika xxxx
I shake my head, “This certainly didn’t come from me,” I say firmly. “Does it even read like something I would say to you?”
“I thought perhaps you were on the train, and it was jolting you around. I don’t know, but I guess I’ve done something wrong.”
“What do you mean, wrong? Exactly how wrong?”
I call out to Pete. “Have you got my laptop safely stored away?”
He comes across, looking puzzled. “No, should I?”
“When I left with Abi left yesterday, it was all a bit of a rush and the place was busy. I called out and asked you to put my laptop away in the stockroom.”
Pete shakes his head, and my stomach sinks. “Sorry, I didn’t hear. So where is it now?”
I’m guessing Bruno has it, but I don’t want to alarm everyone yet.
Abi’s frowning. “When Bruno turned up this morning he explained he was a friend of yours. He sort of seemed familiar. I think he was probably in Button Up yesterday when you were here. It was all rather busy, but I’d have thought you’d have spotted him.”
I shrug. “I was more interested in showing you the pictures of Wilfred Chadwick’s well, and telling you the sad story of his medals. No, I certainly didn’t see him.”
“I’m surprised he didn’t call out to you,” Pete says.
“I guess he was keeping an eye on me. He probably didn’t want to be noticed. But he obviously spotted my laptop still on the table when we left to go shopping.”
Abi is biting her bottom lip. “You definitely didn’t send me this email, Janika?”
“Definitely not. Is my laptop in the stockroom?”
“Janika,” Abi says slowly, “I have a horrible feeling about this.”
So do I.
Abi bites her bottom lip again, and glances up at the clock. “I really thought I was helping. I’ve never met Bruno before, but this man who sounds Eastern European came in and said he’s Bruno, and had I received an email from you?”
“It certainly sounds like him. So where is he now?”
“I let him into your apartment just over two hours ago. Perhaps he’s let himself out and gone by now.”
“Perhaps he hasn’t.”
“Let’s go and see,” Abi says quietly. “Pete, we’re going up to Janika’s apartment. We need you to come with us.”

Chapter 13

Abi keeps a set of keys for emergencies, but I use my own. The outside door to the stairs to my apartment has two locks, a self locking latch and an expensive high security deadlock which has three circular bolts in a single unit.
“I didn’t lock it,” Abi says, sounding awkward. “He could have let himself out again.”
I insert the key in the automatic latch. “You need a key to get out from the other side. It’s sort of high security. Anyone breaking in will find the door locking behind them and the alarm going off loud enough to deafen them. So an intruder will be trapped until they get rescued.”
Abi nods. “Then I guess he must still be here. How about ringing the bell?”
Pete has joined us now, and while I’ve been unlocking the door Abi has explained the problem. Pete gives out a low whistle. “Could be interesting.”
“Maybe we should phone the police,” Abi says. “After all, Bruno has got in under false pretences. I feel so stupid, not realising that email couldn’t have been from you. It was so badly worded. Bruno turned up fifteen minutes later and said you’d asked me to let him in. So I did.”
“Let’s not worry about that at the moment,” I say. I swing the door open slowly. Nobody on the staircase, ready to jump out on us.
Abi gives Pete a push. “Go on, up the stairs.”
There are three keys on my ring, which is separate from the Sherlock Holmes key ring, a lovely present young Liam kindly gave me for my Nissan Micra. He knows I’m a fan of Sherlock Holmes and I’m going to treasure it for ever. “If the door at the top is locked, you’ll need this one. But don’t go up there yet.”
Pete is only of average size and weight, and I’m concerned about him confronting Bruno. I turn to Abi. “You’re right, I think we should phone the police.”
Abi already has her phone in her hand. “Let’s see what Danny has to say. After all, I let Bruno in there. He didn’t break his way in.”
“But he sent a fake message,” I protest. “Anyway, Bruno is my problem, and I’m phoning the police.”
“What about your emergency escape through the back window?” Pete asks.
Of course, the back window. “Stay here, both of you, but don’t get involved if Bruno does come down. Just let him go. I don’t want any trouble.”
“He might have trashed your apartment,” Pete says helpfully.
“If he has, he has. I’ll report it to the police, but I don’t want you tangling with him. I’ll be back in a moment.”
My so-called emergency exit is a rolled up wire ladder of the sort used by cavers. The sort of ladder I hope Harry or Rupert can get hold of to recover the medals from Wilfred Chadwick’s old well. I keep mine rolled up neatly below the back window, so I can escape in the event of a fire, down to the area where Melanie and I park our cars.
It only takes me a moment to run round to the back of the coffee shop building. In daylight it’s easy. It’s in the wet and the dark that I have issues.
The back window to my apartment is tight shut, which means it’s impossible for Bruno to have left this way. He wouldn’t have been able to roll the ladder back up, or close the window if he’d jumped. So he’s either escaping through the downstairs door now it’s open ‒ or he’s still up there.
I haven’t heard any shouts from the front, so I guess there’s been no action there. When I get back round, I see Pete has fetched a large pan from Button Up. He gives me a grin. “To hit Bruno over the head with if he comes running out,” he explains.
“Pete,” I shout, “we don’t want to kill him. I just don’t want him in my apartment, that’s all. Back off.”
Pete looks disappointed, but I guess he can see the sense in what I’m saying. “I guess he’s still in there,” he says, judging by my defeated expression.
“If we had a ladder we could look into the front and back windows and see,” Abi suggests.
“Good, but not brilliant,” Pete says. He’s still holding the handle of the large pan. I hope for Bruno’s sake he doesn’t try to make a break for it. “Like, we have a ladder handy?”
A few cars are driving past at the moment and that gives me an idea. “My Micra is old,” I say, trying to suppress my excitement, “and I don’t mind someone standing on the roof. It’s round the back, so let’s start there. Pete, there’s a job for you.”
Pete actually looks excited at the prospect of being involved, even though my plan doesn’t involve the heavy pan. Not yet, anyway.
“Great. Lead on, Janika.” He’s still holding the pan.
I tell Abi to leave the entrance door open. “If Bruno wants to disappear, then that’s what I want, too.”
The man can be violent. I’ve had injuries to prove it. The most sensible thing is to let him go, and then see what the police have to say. Perhaps I can phone Courtney for advice, but not until we’ve checked out the apartment.
Abi has been half listening to us and half listening to Danny on the phone. She clicks it off. “Danny says we should phone the police, and not try to tackle Bruno ourselves. But he says fine, if all we’re doing is checking through the window to see if he’s still inside. Unfortunately, since Bruno was let in voluntarily, we might need a court order to get him out, and that takes time.”
“He deceived you with a fake email,” I point out. “You didn’t exactly let him in voluntarily. Anyway, let’s see if he’s in there. That’s the first thing we need to do.”
We’ve already made our way round to the back where my car is parked. Melanie’s old Fiat is missing, so it’s just mine and the rubbish skips. Looking at the two, I guess my Micra is slightly taller, and certainly it’s not going to start rolling away with Pete standing on it. Yes, Pete is going to be the brave one. I think he more or less volunteered anyway.
I need to move my car sideways so it’s as close to the back wall of the coffee shop as possible, directly below the window of my bedsit. Meanwhile, Pete is thoughtfully taking his shoes off. I know the car isn’t up to much, but as soon as Rupert Forrester has fitted the replacement door, it will be a good reliable runabout that will attract minimum attention on stakeouts.
Pete steps gingerly onto the bonnet, then scrambles onto the roof which dents alarmingly. He looks to me for guidance.
“Can you see in the window?” Abi asks, ignoring the dent. Well, it’s not her car.
Pete reaches up and manages to catch hold of the windowsill. There’s not much to hold onto, but he can lift himself just using his arm muscles. I’m impressed, even though the movement is not much more than a bob up and back down. He shakes his head. “Couldn’t see anything. Let me see if I can stay up for longer.”
I don’t know how he manages it. I certainly couldn’t pull my own weight up like that, but he only stays for a few seconds before coming back heavily to the ground, or rather the roof of my car.
“No one on the bed or sitting in the chair,” he says. He adds, “Or on the floor.”
I pull the larger of my two cameras from my bag and pass it to Pete. “Hold this at arm’s length and fire off two or three shots at different angles. I’ve already turned the flash off so you don’t get reflections on the window. Try to hold it steady.”
Pete holds the camera high above his head. I can hear the electronic noise of the shutter clicking as he fires off a few shots, then he hands me the camera from the roof of the car. I flick through the pictures he’s taken. From all angles, my bedsit is empty.
“So there are two possibilities,” Abi points out. “You’d better come down, Pete, before you damage the roof of Janika’s car.”
As Pete slides down the windscreen and across the bonnet, the roof pops back up, so perhaps no permanent damage is done.
“First possibility,” Abi says, “he’s gone.”
“Unlikely,” I say. “He couldn’t have got through the bottom door without a key. Remember, it locks itself as soon as it closes.”
“Then he must be in the office,” Abi says. “Let’s assume that’s where he is. We’ll go round to the front and Pete can have another go.”
“Three possibilities,” Pete says, brushing himself down where he left the beautifully clean mark through the dirt that was on my windscreen and bonnet.
We both look at him.
“Which is?” Abi says.
Pete laughs. “He’s in the bathroom having a shower. Or more likely stuck on the toilet if he really is ill!”
“Janika, you’d better drive round to the front and park on the pavement. I’ll have to apologise to everyone for blocking it. Not many people are passing at this time of the day, and those that are will have to put up with it. Pete, be ready to flex your muscles again.”
Actually, I think Pete’s suggestion that Bruno might be in the bathroom has some merit, but perhaps we ought to dismiss the idea of Bruno being in the office before breaking in.
Abi has already placed four coffee shop chairs blocking the pavement each side of the spot where I need to park below the window with the blind. As I back onto the pavement, I’m worried about breaking the large plate glass window of the coffee shop if I go in at too sharp an angle, but Pete is confidently waving me back ... and back. I wish I shared his confidence.
Stupidly, I’ve approached in the wrong direction. I’m facing the oncoming traffic, and of course I’m so close to the window that I can’t open my door. It’s awkward and painful with my bruised butt, climbing over the centre console with the gearstick and handbrake, but I manage it by kneeling on the seats.
As soon as I’m out, Pete repeats his trick of climbing onto the bonnet, then onto the roof where it dents again. What I didn’t realise is that the upstairs window only has a narrow sill which is impossible for Pete to grip onto. Although Abi is right in saying that not many people use the pavement at this time of the afternoon, those that do use it have stopped to stare.
“Pass me the camera,” Pete calls down. “It’s the only way.”
Several more people stop. Any moment now the press will arrive. This is so embarrassing. Pete seems to have taken a few pictures, and he slides back down, carefully keeping to the clean area marking where he’d come down before.
“You’d better move the car,” Abi says. “You’re attracting a lot of attention.”
“I’m attracting a lot of attention? You mean Pete is. Let me just look to make sure the pictures have come out before I move on.”
Pete laughs. “It looks like people are going in for drinks,” he says. “I’m going to be busy. We ought to do this more often. Oh good, here come Melanie and Liam.”
While Abi explains what’s going on, I flick through the photographs. Oh no, surely not!
I go to the next picture. Bruno hasn’t left. He’s lying flat out on the floor, with a plate of something by his side.

Chapter 14

Abi has phoned for the police and an ambulance. After all, the building is her property. I’m only the tenant. Danny has also been told and he’s here in case he’s needed. Perhaps he’s afraid one of us is going to be part of a police investigation that could turn nasty.
Should I phone Courtney at Brevelstone CID? Probably not yet. Bruno won’t be connected with the drugs gang that killed Sam, unless of course he’s been shot in mistake for me. But in that case there’d be a broken window, or fourth bullet hole through the top door, and I didn’t see one.
A patrol car arrives, followed closely by an ambulance. It looks like they’re both going to be needed. I have to admit that although I hate Bruno, something inside me feels sorry for the man. I certainly don’t wish him dead. I just wish he’d stayed in Poland.
I go to the first police officer, a young man. I explain what’s happened, and point out that the ambulance is tall enough for someone to get a good look through the office window from the roof, if they park close enough.
The two paramedics who have come out to get their instructions, nod. Looks like I’ve come up with a good idea.
The ambulance is backing up now, and the police have set up a one-way system in the road because it’s rather narrow, and pedestrians have to walk in the road to get past. Not that many of them are walking past. We are certainly attracting a crowd. I blame that on the sirens. There are always plenty of rubberneckers when they hear emergency vehicles stopping. Me as well, I have to admit.
The young police officer is already on the ambulance roof, and calls down to the paramedics, rather too loudly for my liking. “Definitely someone lying on the floor. He doesn’t seem to be moving.”
Abi seems to have taken charge, and she’s explaining to the older officer, a sergeant, that that the door at the top of the stairs is locked. Then she says, “I know you. You’re Police Sergeant Stanley Masters.”
She says it as though there’s some history between them. No doubt I’ll find out later. Abi hands the police sergeant the key. The young male officer is with him, and he passes the key on to him. “Bang on the door and shout that the police are here. If there’s no response, open the door with the key.”
I think the young officer is quite macho. He bounds up the staircase and hammers on the door. “Police! Open up! Open up now!”
I’d expected him to be a bit more restrained than that in the circumstances. Bruno was last seen lying on the floor, but perhaps the young officer knows his business.
We wait. Then we wait a bit more. “Police! Stand back! We’re coming in!”
He’s wrong. He puts the key in the lock and turns it, but the door stays firmly shut. He seems to lose his macho image as he stands there helplessly and calls down the stairs to the police sergeant. “It won’t open, Sarge.”
No, of course it won’t. I know why. I turn to Sergeant Masters. “There’s a steel security bar on the inside. He must have put it in place. You’re not going to get in now.”
The younger officer seems to have regained his macho image. “Stand back!” he shouts again. “I’m coming in!”
He won’t be. I know that perfectly well. If the gang member who tried to shoot me and DI Roger Dickinson couldn’t break the door down, this slightly built young police officer doesn’t stand a chance.
We watch while he makes several abortive attempts, then he comes back down, rubbing his shoulder. “No good, Sarge,” he says.
Sergeant Stanley Masters has his phone out. He’s calling for a backup team with a door ram. He turns to me. “Going to have to break your door down,” he explains.
Technically, it’s Abi’s door, but Abi is listening and she agrees there’s no alternative. While we wait, the young police officer has climbed back onto the ambulance roof and reports that there’s been no change in the patient.
“Do you think he’s been shot dead?”
I look round. It’s young Liam. Melanie is standing with him, and Abi quickly explains the situation. “I told you that email message was strange,” Melanie tells Abi. “What a to-do. Come on, Pete, we’d better go back inside and top up the urns. Hayley will be here soon to help. As soon as this little drama is over, everyone is bound to be thirsty.”
“And hungry,” Liam pipes up. “Make sure you keep a jam doughnut back for me.”
Danny, wearing his smart Italian business suit, suggests we all go inside and keep out of the way, but that’s not the way I do things. So Abi, Pete and I completely ignore his suggestion.
At that moment young Hayley turns up on her way back from college. She often helps out in the afternoon, probably more as an excuse to see Pete than to serve coffee. Young love is wonderful. I hope it works out for them. They get on so well together.
I can hear another emergency vehicle in the distance, and a police Land Rover arrives with two men in combat gear. Perhaps they think they’re on a drugs raid!
Sergeant Masters explains what’s happening, and the man with a large blue door ram runs up the stairs two at a time, shouting a warning for the person inside to stand clear ... and bang!
Nothing happens. I could have told them that, too. Two more loud bangs the door crashes open. Oh well, maybe the security bar isn’t quite as strong as I’d hoped, but surely no intruder is going to come armed with equipment like this.
The officer enters the room, and a couple of moments later calls that all is clear and the paramedics can come up. I can hear a lot of coughing and gasping going on, on the other side of the smashed door. I’m not sure if I should join them, but it is my apartment. Abi must feel the same way, because she’s clearly seeing it as her apartment, and together we make our way up behind the paramedics.
Bruno is lying on his back between the desk and the window, and one of the paramedics is checking his vitals. Bruno’s eyes are staring at the ceiling. Abi gives me a hug, and continues to hold on.
“Is he dead?” she says, loudly enough for the paramedics to hear.
They ignore her as they pull open Bruno’s jacket and shirt. I guess they’re about to try to restart his heart, assuming it’s stopped. Abi releases me from the hug, and nods towards the door to my bedsit. “Let’s go in there and wait. There’s nothing we can do. We’ll just be in the way.”
I guess she’s feeling squeamish, and I have to say it hurts me to see Bruno lying possibly dead on my floor. Why, oh why, did he come over from Poland to see me? Did he really believe we were going to get back together?
I think back to all the blows he gave me in his drunken anger, and the unborn baby I lost. But seeing the man lying there so helpless, I can’t wish him dead. Maybe Abi could pray for him. Would it be so embarrassing to ask?
It seems that the unsaid prayer has been answered in advance. Suddenly Bruno sits up, pushing the paramedics aside. He coughs loudly several times, then wheezes, “Gdzie ja jestem? Kim jesteś? Co się stało?”
Abi looks at me and frowns.
“He’s saying, ‘Where am I? Who are you? What’s happened?’ He’s Polish,” I say to no one in particular.
I crouch down by the side of Bruno who is now sitting up, supported by one of the paramedics. The second one is taking his pulse.
“Mówić po angielsku,” I say, asking him to speak in English. I don’t want to keep translating. It’s the paramedics and the police who need to know what’s happened, not me. Right now, I just don’t want Bruno dying.
“Angielsku?” Bruno asks me.
“English,” I say. “You need to speak in English.”
Bruno shakes his head and closes his eyes. Then again, in perfect Polish, he asks again where he is and who he is.
I have to translate for the paramedics, and explain that normally he can speak English well enough to tell them what’s happened. One of the paramedics asks the other if he thinks the patient has lost his memory. There’s no sign of an injury to the head, but what do I know about loss of memory!
At that moment there’s a disturbance on the stairs and Liam enters, followed closely by Melanie. “Is he dead?” the boy asks.
Melanie catches hold of his shoulder and pulls the boy back. “Liam, just wait till your father hears about this, running up here like that.”
Steve, his birth father, is likely to take a more lenient view than Melanie. At times I think the man has something of a small boy in him.
To the background sound of a protesting Liam being pulled forcibly back down the stairs, the paramedics are discussing what to do with Bruno.
Abi and I are filling in the situation about Bruno, and I make it clear that although Bruno has invaded my premises without permission, we do know each other. How well do we know each other? I’m not sure how much to share.
I hear a disturbance and turn to see Bruno struggling to his feet. He’s looking at me. “Yanika,” he calls. “Moja Yanika, moja Yanika.”
He’s calling out, “My Yanika.” He’s clearly not lost his memory completely.

Chapter 15

While the paramedics are attending to Bruno, Police Sergeant Stanley Masters is having a nose around the office. He looks at me, then points to a half eaten Danish pastry on a small plate on the floor, and a nearly empty disposable cup on my desk.
“Is this yours?”
I shake my head and Abi steps forward. “Bruno Kamiński came into the coffee shop earlier. He said he was hungry. He insisted on having a pastry and a coffee to-go. Absolutely insisted. So I gave him the pastry and the coffee. Looks like he wasn’t so hungry after all.”
The sergeant nods and calls the young officer forward. “Bag those.”
“Hey,” Abi protests, “there’s nothing wrong with my food. I served him myself straight from the counter before I let him up.” She turns to Danny who’s hovering in the background. “Tell her, Danny.”
Danny, in his office suit looks quite formidable. “Let them do their job, Abi,” is all he says.
Okay, so as long as Abi hasn’t tried to poison Bruno for me, by putting something deadly on the pastry or in the coffee, I can’t see she has anything to worry about. I keep quiet.
One of the paramedics stands up, and using his radio says they are bringing the casualty in for examination.
Casualty? What do they think has happened? Bruno told me he’s not well, and now he’s collapsed. Perhaps I should have taken more notice of what he said at the time, but the man still gives me the creeps ‒ even though he’s sitting up now and still wondering who and where he is.
Bruno seems well enough to stand, and he takes a few unsteady steps, with the paramedics holding each arm. And all the time he’s asking in Polish where and who he is, and I have to do the translation into English. I guess the paramedics and the police are thinking he might be saying what’s happened to him, so they need to know.
They sit Bruno in one of the two upright office chairs, and one of the paramedics says he’s going down to get the wheelchair. He says that the patient – and he’s calling Bruno a patient now and not a casualty – will be better sitting up.
While all this is happening, Sergeant Masters says he needs to take a statement from me and Abi. Abi points out that her husband is a qualified solicitor, but it makes no difference.
Abi is explaining about the fake email and why she let Bruno into my apartment, and she explains that the Danish pastry came from one of the standard trays. And no one else has been reported being ill. And the coffee came from the container of freshly ground coffee they’ve been using all day.
“Sesame,” Bruno suddenly calls out, surprising us all.
“Do you have sesame seeds in your pastries?” I whisper to Abi. “I know Bruno is allergic to sesame seeds. He can go into anaphylactic‒‒‒‒”
“Hold on there,” Sergeant Masters calls to the officer holding the evidence bags. He’s obviously heard my whispers. “Let me sniff what’s left of that Danish pastry.”
“Sergeant Masters,” Abi says, “we never use sesame seeds or peanuts in any of our products.”
The sergeant turns to me. “But you seem to know all about sesame seeds,” he says accusingly. He takes a deep sniff into the evidence bag. “Smells like sesame to me. When the results come back from the lab, you’re going to be in big trouble. Perhaps the two of you are in this together.”
While I’m protesting my innocence, the paramedics make a note of the possible cause of Bruno’s collapse, and strap him into the wheelchair.
While Danny insists that neither Abi nor I would even dream of poisoning anybody, I can hear the wheelchair with Bruno in it bumping step by step down the steep stairs. It reminds me of once seeing a mother risking her small child in a buggy in a similar way, and accidentally tripping and letting go ‒ fortunately without any serious injuries to either of them. It still gives me the creeps.
Sergeant Masters demands to be told how I know all about Bruno. So I tell him he turned up out of the blue saying he was ill, and said I’d regret not taking him in. I even say he threatened to kill me if I didn’t go back to him. Did I think he’d come into the apartment so that I could accept him? No, I insist, there’s no way I was taking him back.
“The man is a bully,” I say. “He used to beat me up, but I certainly wouldn’t wish him harm. Anyway, I’ve only just got back from London where I spent the night. I was still on the train when he turned up here. He got hold of my laptop. It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have left it on the table in the coffee shop.”
Abi turns to Sergeant Masters. “I think Bruno Kamiński was one of the customers in Button Up yesterday. I hadn’t seen him before, so I didn’t realise who it was. He was there all the time, while Janika was showing us the pictures on her laptop.”
Both the police officers are taking a great interest in this conversation, but I shake my head. “I’m surprised I didn’t notice him, but I was rather excited about a job I’d just been on.”
“Do you think he’s been following you?” Sergeant Masters asks.
I have to think hard. “Not when I went to see Wilfred Chadwick in Cravenwell. That’s the job I was on. No car followed me there. I was careful to keep a close eye on the rear-view mirror. I guess he could have been hanging around here and followed me around town. I went with Abi to buy some luggage and I never thought to check.”
There’s a long pause. I have to think for a moment. “I’ve just remembered. Bruno ran onto the platform to try to jump on my train yesterday morning. Fortunately he didn’t make it.”
Danny turns to the police sergeant. “I think we’re done here. If you need any more information, I’m sure these two ladies will be willing to make a statement at the station.”
“Girls,” Abi mumbles, but I think I’m the only one who notices. 
“I need to report my stolen laptop,” I say to the police sergeant. “I’m pretty sure Bruno Kamiński took it from the coffee shop. I left it on the table, but thought one of the staff was going to lock it away.”
The sergeant nods, but not very enthusiastically. “Call in at the station when convenient. We’ll need the make and model number. And the serial number if you have it.”
I shrug. “If I can find where Mr Kamiński is staying, I guess I’ll find it there.”
Sergeant Masters is showing a distinct lack of interest. “We still need a report. Just don’t go trying to recover it yourself. We don’t want you breaking into someone’s premises.”
“Bruno will be staying in a hotel,” I explain. “He won’t know anyone in town.”
“That doesn’t make any difference. Just don’t go breaking in anywhere to get it back. It’s a job for the police.”
I guess he’s right. The ambulance has already driven away. I know where the local hospital is, but do I really want to visit Bruno? The answer is a definite no. Sure, I’m sorry he’s ill, whatever the reason, but it’s absolutely nothing to do with me. I’ll ring my parents in Poland and see if they can tell me how genuine Bruno’s illness really is.
“My stuff!” I hurry into my living accommodation. Nobody has thought to check in there. Sergeant Masters comes with me of course. My bed looks like someone has been sleeping on it, but there’s no sign that anyone has been going through my things. And certainly no sign of my laptop.
“I need my laptop back. All my files will be okay, but Bruno obviously remembered that my login is my birthday. He won’t be able to open my files on the encrypted partition, but he could have been sending malicious messages out to my clients. Names and addresses are on Outlook. I’ve been stupid, stupid, stupid. And there’s me, a private detective, and I haven’t taken any serious precautions.”
Police Sergeant Masters looks surprised. “You’re a private detective?”
I feel like telling him that the large sign in the window and the plate on the downstairs door should be some sort of clue, but I’m certainly not going to upset him. I know he suspects Abi and I could be in collusion, trying to get rid of Bruno.
“I hope you’re not going to take this matter into your own hands,” the sergeant says. “The police will be making a full investigation as soon as the test results and diagnosis is available from the hospital.”
Danny, lovely Danny, steps forward to take charge. He hands the sergeant one of his cards for Branks, Davis & Waters. “In future, please contact my wife and Mrs Jones through me.”
“Hang on a moment, Danny,” Abi protests. “You’re making it sound as though we’re guilty of something. That pastry and that coffee were exactly the same as our customers have been getting all day. I’m sure I’d know if one of them collapsed.”
Danny puts an arm around Abi’s shoulder. “We need to be formal about this. A man has been in your coffee shop. A man who you know has been violent to Janika in the past, and‒‒‒‒”
“Allegedly violent,” Sergeant Stanley Masters says. “I imagine the police in Poland have a full report of this violence that they can pass on to me.”
I don’t like the way this is going. I’ve been in London, and Abi serves the safest food and drinks in town. How could Bruno possibly have been poisoned?
“It’s a trick,” I say loudly. “Bruno is only pretending to be ill. He wants my sympathy.”
Police Sergeant Masters shakes his head. He obviously doesn’t believe me. “We’ll wait for the report from the hospital,” he says. “And in the meantime, I want you and Mrs Wells to stay in town.”
Mrs Wells? Oh yes, that’s Abi Button, as was. I’m still having to adjust to her new name. I think she’s referred to me as Janika Bartol a couple of times. Perhaps we’re both losing our memories!
My phone goes. I don’t even look at Police Sergeant Masters for permission to answer it. If it’s Piers Pillinger. I hope he’s phoning to congratulate me on a job well done, and not to say I’m wanted by the police in London.
However, it’s someone wanting to know if I’m looking for a better internet deal. I’m not. I press the off button smartly.

Chapter 16

Button Up is still open, and seems to have collected quite a few of the people who were hanging around to see what was happening. The reporter from the local paper is asking Abi for an interview. I hope she cooperates. If she upsets the man with the camera and notebook I can just imagine the headlines: MAN GIVEN DEADLY POISON AT BUTTON UP COFFEE SHOP.
They both seem to be smiling and laughing together, so perhaps all is well. Then Abi calls me across. I just hope I don’t mess things up.
“This is Janika Jones,” she says. Then she points to the sign in the upstairs window. “That’s her. She’s a private investigator, and she’s well on the trail of what’s happened.”
I can see that information being quoted, and I say hastily, “I’m not involved at all. I’ve been in London, and the matter is in the hands of the local police. Anyway, there’s no indication that there was any crime involved. A man was ill. That’s all there is to it.”
Amazingly, I can see the reporter is losing interest fast. “I’ll be on my way then. Let me know if there are any developments.”
As he walks away, Abi gives me a hug. “Well done, Janika. I think we’ve seen the last of Bruno.”
“Unless he was poisoned,” I say.
“Not by me, he wasn’t,” Abi says quickly.
I laugh. “Of course not. Probably something he ate for lunch at some dodgy restaurant in town. Assuming he has been poisoned. I’m going to phone my parents to see if they can throw any light on it. He might have a brain tumour or something. That would account for his loss of memory.”
“I can understand why you’re so upset,” Abi says. “Do you want to come in for something to eat and drink ‒ on the house?”
“Thanks, Abi, but it’s a bit crowded in there. I don’t want to keep answering questions. I’m more interested in trying to find my laptop. I’ve got to give the police full details, but I guess there’s nothing they can do until they find where Bruno has been staying.”
“So it’s up to us, girl,” Abi says, grinning. The smile suddenly disappears. “I’m sorry, Janika, this isn’t a game. But I’m serious about tracking him down ourselves.”
I give Abi a brief hug. “Exactly what I have in mind. Do you think the email he sent you could contain any clues?”
Abi shrugs. “I’ve no idea, but would the internet server or the wi-fi modem he used show the information?”
“I’ve no idea either, and I certainly don’t have the capabilities of tracking it down. I guess the police could do it, but I can’t see they’d bother. Unless, of course, Bruno dies. Then we’ll both be accused of murder!”
Abi shudders. I’m sure she doesn’t believe me, and I wish I hadn’t said it. I can quite see that in the event of death the police might suspect both of us. I wonder if they’ll phone Poland. I did make a complaint to the police there.
The Polish police certainly take reports of domestic incidents seriously, but my mother insisted on coming with me and she kept playing things down. So I don’t know what they actually wrote about it.
My parents were never going to be any help. My mother was in denial at the time, and my father didn’t want to upset his work partner. It’s all a bit of a mess. I just hope Bruno recovers his memory quickly, and remembers where he’s been staying.
“Do you have a photograph of him?” Abi asks.
“Of course not! Why would I?”
“It will be handy if you did, Janika. We could take it round a few of the hotels and ask if he’s staying there.”
“I definitely don’t have one. But I guess there aren’t many Polish men of Bruno’s age staying in any of the hotels in town. Medium height and slightly heavy build, black greasy hair, and a face that looks like a rat.”
Abi sniggers. “I’m glad you said it, Janika, not me. You’re right. It’s his narrow face and pointed nose.”
I start to giggle. “And his beady little eyes and pointed ears.”
It’s clearly a reaction to what’s happened, but we collapse against each other and laugh, and laugh.
Then I grow serious.
“There’s nothing to laugh about, Abi. I have a horrible feeling Stanley Masters suspects us of harming Bruno. Maybe even trying to kill him. Let’s hope your Danny is on the ball.”
Abi rolls her eyes. “Sergeant Masters is the officer who arrested Danny on a charge of handling stolen goods. He also grilled me as an accomplice. I’ll tell you more about it later, but it wasn’t pleasant. Oh, and of course, we were innocent of any crime!”
We go back up the steep stairs to my apartment. The door at the top is propped up against the wall. The lock and the hinges have broken away. I don’t know if the insurance will cover a new door, but in a way I’d like to keep it if possible. Those bullet holes are a great trophy. Most of the damage seems to be to the frame and the bent steel security bar. The police door ram certainly packed some force.
While Abi pops down to get us both a coffee, I phone my parents. My mother answers, and asks me if there’s a problem. I understand why she immediately thinks there might be. We rarely speak now. She’s never forgiven me for dumping Bruno and returning to England.
Abi returns with two china mugs of coffee, and I beckon her over to the little table by the small leather armchairs where I’m already sitting. I’m still explaining to my mother about Bruno. I’d rather be making this phone call in private, but Abi is already a close friend. Nosy, but trustworthy.
“No, Matka,” I say. “I wasn’t even there at the time.” I look up at Abi. “My mother,” I whisper, and roll my eyes. “Is Bruno ill? He grabbed hold of me a couple of days ago and told me he’s ill. Is he?”
“Poor Bruno,” my mother says. She’s actually speaking in English for a change. Although my mother is English, my father is Polish and when they got married they decided to speak Polish. I had to learn the language too. Although she isn’t Polish by birth, my mother wants to be accepted over there as a Pole.
“Yes, he is ill. Pining for you has made him ill, Yanika. The two of you were so happy together. So, so happy.”
“He beat me up, Matka. You know he did. He always hit me below the waist, but you saw the bruises. And he was responsible for the miscarriage. The baby was five months old, a proper baby by that time.”
“Oh, Yanika, you and Bruno have plenty of time to have another one.” She always pronounces my name with a Y now. It was J before we moved to Poland.
This is ridiculous! That’s all I seem to hear from my mother on the rare occasions we speak. I’m just about to end the call, when my mother says, “Your father and I will be with you as soon as we can get a flight. Bruno is going to need all our support.”
I’ve heard enough. I click my phone off. It’s Bruno, Bruno, Bruno. What about me needing some support from my parents!
Abi reaches across to me. I don’t think she’s been able to listen in to the call, but she can obviously see I’m upset.
“They’re coming over,” I say. “My parents are actually coming over. All they want to do is see Bruno, not me. I suppose I’ll have to find somewhere for them to stay.”
Abi stands up and pulls me to my feet. “Come on, girl. Forget the coffee.” Then she grins. “It’s probably poisoned, anyway. We’ll see if we can track down where Bruno has been staying. Then perhaps we can recover your laptop.”

Chapter 17

“We’re looking for a Polish friend, and wonder if he’s staying here,” I say to the receptionist at the nearest hotel to Button Up. It’s very small, so she will be bound to know about the guests.
Friend? It’s a lie, but it’s the only way we’re going to get an honest answer. It’s no good asking if the most despicable person in the whole world is staying there.
The woman doesn’t even bother to check the register, and shakes her head. “Just three English couples. It’s quiet at the moment.”
We draw a blank at the next two hotels, although the receptionists at least look through the register for the name of Kamiński. I’m assuming Bruno has registered under his own name, because he would have been asked to leave his credit card details, so he would get charged even if he didn’t pay before leaving. Hotels usually keep the cards on register until the room has been checked out, in case of any damage.
“Is he wealthy?” Abi asks, as we walk away. “If not, he might be staying in a B&B.”
“Loaded,” I say. “His father and mine run a large construction business. According to my father it’s doing really well. Bruno is one of the directors, so he’s not exactly short of a bob or two.”
“Would he want to be tracked down?” Abi asks. “I take your point about the credit cards. I’m trying to think where we haven’t tried. There are no hotels out my way. I don’t think there’s anything where the old cotton mill was. They’re just small industrial and commercial units on the site. There’s the Railway Hotel. It’s pretty run down. No one with any money would stay there, but didn’t you say Bruno ran onto the platform as you were leaving?”
“Abi,” I say, “you may have cracked it. It all makes sense. Bruno probably saw me from a window. Let’s go, but leave it to me this time. I want to take a more direct approach.”
Abi frowns, but she’s going to have to wait and see the new me. I’ve really come out of my shell. The residential private investigator training helped a lot – although there are still times when I have to force myself to put on a bold front.
The Railway Hotel was probably quite upmarket at one time, but it looks shabby now. Would Bruno really be staying in a place like this? Perhaps he’s not as well off as I thought.
There’s a young man on reception. More of a boy really. I’m not going to ask if Bruno is here. I’m going to make it sound as though I know he is. Then there will be no fuss about confidentiality and so on. 
“We’re here on business to see Mr Bruno Kamiński,” I say confidently. “Please let him know we’re here.”
Was that really me speaking?”
The young man studies the register, then turns to look at the keys hanging on a board behind the desk. “I’m afraid he’s out.”
Even from this distance I can see that the keys have the name of the hotel on the tag. If Bruno has the key with him, it will help the police track down my laptop. Unless, of course, I can recover it myself first.
I pull one of my black and gold cards from my bag and flash it. The young man doesn’t even bother to look at it closely. I’m still dressed in the clothes I wore to London, and hopefully look the part of someone who means serious business. 
“I’m a detective. Mr Kamiński is wanted in connection with the crime of theft,” I say.
Abi is now standing well back. I guess she doesn’t want to get involved in what’s coming next.
“We need to search the hotel,” I say, loudly enough for two women to hear as they come from the lift. I get out my phone. “Perhaps it would be easier if I call the local police to carry out the search themselves. Who knows what else they’ll find here?”
Abi has turned away and is looking out of the window. She’s probably trying to hide a big smile.
“I’m only temping here,” the young man says. “Can you wait until Mrs Evans gets back?”
“This is urgent,” I say firmly, pulling my card back before he can read it too closely and realise I’m not actually connected to the police.
“We’re looking to recover a stolen laptop computer,” I say. “If we can just get access to Mr Kamiński’s room, we can check.” I wave a hand in the direction of Abi who is still facing the other way. “We’re not here to remove any property. All we need to discover at this moment is whether the stolen laptop is on these premises.”
“If you’re sure,” the young man says uncertainly.
“I’m absolutely sure,” I say loudly. “I can’t imagine you want the police to search every room in the hotel.”
He looks as though he doesn’t, and I’m sure Mrs Evans would agree. We need to get a move on. She could be back at any moment. “Now, please.”
The young man, whose name tag says Gavin Grady, with the title of Deputy Manager, which is surely an exaggeration, grabs a key from behind the desk and invites us to follow him.
“It’s just one floor,” he says. “Can you both manage the stairs?”
Cheeky kid. I’m afraid Abi is going to say something rude, but she winks at me and says, “I’m sure we can.”
The stairs are wide, and would have been impressive back in the age of steam, but the worn and faded mid blue carpet doesn’t do the place any favours. But at least there are no holes to catch our feet in, and we reach the top without breaking a sweat.
Gavin Grady stops outside Room 8 and knocks loudly. “Mr Kamiński?”
Since Mr Kamiński is in the local hospital, he doesn’t answer. Gavin Grady knocks again, then puts his key in the lock and opens the door cautiously. 
“Please stand back, ladies,” he says.
I don’t know if he’s expecting we will witness Bruno standing naked from his shower, and that’s certainly not a sight I want to see again. Anyway, we don’t stand back. I want my laptop.
As soon as Gavin Grady has given us the all clear we go in. I spot my laptop immediately. It’s on the unit below the old-fashioned television set.
I make my way straight to it, and Gavin Grady holds out an arm. “You are a detective, right?”
“Certainly,” I say confidently. Well, that’s the truth, I am. “You’ve seen my card. This is a serious investigation, and we need your cooperation.”
“It’s not up to me,” the lad whines pitifully. “You’ll have to wait for Mrs Evans.”
“We’re short of time right now. The police will have to file a report, because it’s stolen property recovered from inside a licensed hotel. This hotel. I’m sure you appreciate the seriousness of this discovery.”
I almost feel sorry for Gavin Grady, but I’m not giving up. “What we need you to do now is to lock the laptop in the hotel safe, pending the arrival of the local police. I’ll tell them they don’t need to search every room in the hotel. I’m sure that will come as a relief to Mrs Evans.”
I glance at Abi and she’s raising her eyebrows and nodding in approval. She’s certainly seeing and hearing the new me. I’m no longer the fifteen-year-old girl being picked on at school and not able to defend myself.
“Just a moment,” I say. “I need to check something.” I open the top and wait for the screen to light up. Then I tap in my pin. It works. Great, I was afraid Bruno might have changed it.
“I think....” The so-called Deputy Manager reaches across to block the screen. “I’m not sure....”
I close the lid. “That’s fine. The police will want to know that it’s still operating correctly.”
The lad looks really miserable. “I don’t think I can let you take it off the premises,” he says, sounding anxious.
“Of course not. Lock it away, and we’ll be off. I doubt Mr Kamiński will be returning soon, but if he does, on no account is he to be given the stolen property. That would be committing an offence. So please tell Mrs Evans. Do you understand?”
The lad nods.
We make our way down to the reception area, negotiating the worn stair carpet without incident, and leave. Fortunately, Mrs Evans still isn’t back. She’d almost certainly read my business card more carefully.
“What do we do now?” Abi asks as soon as we’re outside.
“Phone the police, of course.” I already have my phone out.
“But they think we’re up to something,” Abi points out.
She’s right. But that doesn’t stop them coming here to collect the laptop and keep it away from Bruno if he’s let out of hospital tonight. Perhaps I should be concerned about his condition, and in a way I am. Abi would tell me that Jesus says we have to love our enemies, but I’m not sure that includes Bruno.
“What about your friends in Brevelstone CID?” Abi says.
“Of course, Courtney Jacobs! She’ll know what to do. And if DI Roger Dickinson phones the local police, he can put in a good word for me and assure them that I’m as honest as the day is long. And talking about long days, I’m exhausted. As soon as we get back I’m going to change into something casual. This new black skirt is killing me. It’s too tight around the waist.”
Abi looks me up and down. “It looks smart, though, but I know the feeling.”
“It’s all those delicious pastries you keep giving me in Button Up. I’ll  probably have to have to upgrade at least a couple of sizes. Come back with me, Abi. Can you stay for the evening? I’d love some company right now. I just hope I’m going to be safe with that broken door at the top of the stairs.”
“Don’t forget your parents are on their way,” Abi says, in a teasing sort of way. “I think your troubles have hardly begun.”

Chapter 18

Not everything is bad. I’m back with Abi at Button Up, wearing comfortable jeans and a loose sweatshirt. The coffee shop was locked up for the night, but Abi has raided the fridge and kindly done us both a cheese and ham panini with side salad. And two mugs of coffee. She knows I need cheering up, and the panini is becoming one of my favourites here.
We’ve brought it up to my place to eat, in case customers start banging on the door thinking the coffee shop is open, when my phone rings. It’s Piers Pillinger, and he sounds cheerful.
“The photograph you took is spot on. Well done, Janika. I knew you could do it. I had every confidence in you, after hearing what Danny Wells had to say about your work.”
I don’t know what Danny said, but at least I seem to have lived up to the hype. “Happy to help.” Rather a silly response, but Piers has taken the wind from my sails. In a good way.
“Can I call at your office sometime?” Piers asks. “I’d like to see you in your den.”
In my den with the splintered bullet holes in the smashed door. That is really going to go down well. “Yes, that’s fine.”
“I can fill you in with a few more details when we meet.” Piers certainly sounds happy.
“Is there anything you can share now?”
“I can tell you that there’s been a satisfactory outcome to your visit to Humphrey Broxburn’s art gallery.”
“Is that all you can tell me after my daring deed?”
Piers laughs. “Let me just say that someone is a very happy collector who now has his picture back. I told Humphrey that Ms Bartol provided evidence that the picture was not his to sell.”
“In that case, I’m glad you put Janika Bartol on the cards, not Janika Jones. I don’t want him storming in here any day now.”
Piers laughs again. He’s obviously pleased with the outcome of my ordeal. “Your name is on James B Chesterfield’s website in New York, because I was sure Humphrey Broxburn would check it out. I have listed you as Chesterfield’s assistant.”
“I like it, Piers. Makes me feel really important. Does that mean I get a generous retainer?” I laugh, just so he knows I’m joking. On the other hand....
“That’s a possibility,” Piers says. “Next time you’re in New York, phone the number on your Janika Bartol card and arrange an appointment with James B Chesterfield.” Then he laughs again, his easy, confident laugh. “In the meantime, I’ll see if I can find more work for you in England. I have to say I’m impressed with your professional approach. Humphrey Broxburn didn’t suspect a thing, poor man.”
Poor man? It sounds as though he was handling stolen property, but I don’t think Piers is going to give me any more details, so I thank him and end the call.
Naturally, Abi has been standing close enough to overhear the conversation. “I’m glad Danny could help,” she says, without shame.
I put an arm around her. “You’re a great friend, Abi. I was certainly fortunate to make contact with you when I was looking for premises to start my detective agency.”
“It’s a pleasure, Janika. It really is. Just as long as you don’t get too many smashed doors every year.”
“I’m about to phone Courtney Jacobs at Brevelstone CID and tell her about the laptop at the Railway Hotel,” I say. “I don’t fancy phoning the local police.”
I have Courtney’s number on speed dial, and it’s ringing before Abi can even share her opinion on what I should do. It’s Courtney’s own phone, so I’m likely to get her whether she’s still at work or gone home for the day.
“Courtney, Janika here. I’ve got a problem.”
As I give a rough summary of what’s happened with Bruno Kamiński, Abi sits in the other small leather armchair by the window and pretends to be interested in her own phone. I don’t care at all. We need to be in this together.
“I’m not sure we can override the local police,” Courtney says, “but I’ll have a word with Roger Dickinson. He’s here at the moment. I’ll come back to you. Give me five.”
I have to wait, but my coffee has gone cold by this time. I could pop it in the microwave, but I feel exhausted. I jump when my phone rings.
“Roger Dickinson here,” the DI says brightly. “I hear you’ve got involved in a bit of bother. Is it the Railway Hotel we’re talking about?”
“Yes. I spoke to the deputy manager, Gavin Grady. I’ve seen my laptop, and now it’s safely locked away in the hotel safe. But he didn’t want me to take it away.”
“Don’t worry about that, Janika.”
I can picture Roger Dickinson now. The overhead lights will be bouncing off his head where the hair is thin, and his straggly moustache will be just as straggly as ever. But I like the guy. He’s genuine, although it took us a little time to accept each other’s foibles.
“I’ll tell Sergeant Masters what we’re doing. I’m not going to interfere with the enquiry, but I’ll let him know we’re collecting the laptop, because it’s of interest. Well, what I mean, Janika, it’s of interest to you to get it back.”
“That’s wonderful, Roger. I logged in and everything seems to be on there. All my files. I’ll do a full virus check of course before I start work.”
“Sensible. It’s Courtney who will be calling in with it. Will you be home?”
I look around my office and notice the empty space where a secure door once stood. But at least the downstairs is fully secure. “I’ll be here. I’m not going anywhere else today.”
As I finish the call the door bell rings, and I turn to Abi. “That was quick! Seriously, Abi, I wonder who it is. I’m glad you’re here with me. My nerves are in a terrible state.”
On the desk is an old-fashioned black-and-white monitor connected to a camera in the doorway. Mr Jennings, the previous tenant ran an accountancy business here, and it was good enough for him. The black-and-white picture is not at all clear and I really need to replace the whole system.
“It looks like the police,” Abi says, staring at the grainy picture on the screen. “If that’s who I think it is, I hope he doesn’t want to come up. He’s probably found an excuse to lock me away.”
I remember Abi saying something about stolen property and the local cat’s charity, but I hope she’s not too serious. I reach for the button that will activate the microphone.
“Can I help you?”
“Police. Open the door.”
“Open the door, please,” I say.
Abi is shaking her head. “That’s Police Sergeant Masters again. Don’t antagonise the man. He’s bad enough when he’s calm.”
“Hold on,” I say into the intercom. “I’m coming.”
The door at the bottom of the stairs has an automatic lock that needs a key from either side to open it. I have my own key handy, and go down. To my surprise it’s not only the police sergeant, but three young male officers with him.
“Are you alone?” Sergeant Masters asks. It’s actually more of a demand.
“Abi Wells is with me. Come up. But why so many of you?”
“Please tell Mrs Wells to come down and open the coffee shop. Then I want to speak to both of you up in your office.”
Abi is standing at the top of the stairs, and without an argument she comes down with the Button Up keys. I’m surprised how meek she looks, until she says, “It’s too late for hot food, but I can do you drinks and pastries.”
“This isn’t funny, Mrs Wells,” Stanley Masters snaps. “I have a warrant here to search the coffee shop and Mrs Jones’ apartment.”
That takes the smile off Abi’s face. “Whatever you want, Sergeant. Button Up has a five-star health rating, so you’ll not find any rats or mould, but you’re welcome to look.”
While Abi lets the three young officers into the coffee shop, Police Sergeant Masters pushes past me and tells me to follow him up the stairs and wait at the door at the top. Since there is no door, thanks to his team with the heavy blue door ram, all I can do is wait in the empty doorway while he has a quick look round. Presumably he’s gone on ahead before I can hide any evidence of whatever crime he suspects us of.
This visit can’t be connected to the Brevelstone CID, because I’ve only just spoken to Roger Dickinson. “Call Mrs Wells back up here,” he says, as he emerges from my living quarters. “Please,” he adds.
“How’s Mr Kamiński?” I ask. I’m not going to call him Bruno, because that would imply that we’re friends. I hadn’t seen the man for over five years until he turned up here, grabbing me from behind. Late at night. In the dark. In the rain.
Abi now joins us, and she and I sit in the small leather armchairs while the police sergeant sits in one of the two upright clients’ chairs, looking very formal in his uniform.
He places his flat hat on the desk and clears his throat. “No thanks to one of you, or perhaps both of you, but he’s making a good recovery. His memory has returned, and he says he clearly remembers the coffee tasting odd.”
“No one ever complains about Button Up coffee,” Abi says swiftly. “The cheek of the man!”
“Mrs Wells,” Sergeant Masters says, “I’m carrying out this interview under caution. It is clear that the poison that affected Mr Kamiński originated from within this building. My men are now carrying out a search down below. You will remain in those two seats while they carry out a search up here as well.”
Abi pulls her phone from the pocket of her jeans. “You can all hold on while my husband comes.” And she presses the speed dial.
I remember Abi telling me that Danny actually got locked up by this horrible man, so it will be interesting to see the confrontation now there’s a search warrant in action. Well, it would be, under better circumstances. I really can’t believe Bruno was intentionally poisoned here, or even that Abi keeps anything deadly on the premises. I’m pretty sure I don’t.
Abi quickly explains the situation and passes the phone to Police Sergeant Masters, without saying a word.
I wouldn’t say the sergeant is actually deflated, but he seems to lose some of his arrogance when he speaks to Danny. He agrees to wait until Danny arrives. So the score now is one all.
Sergeant Masters uses his radio to call the search team down below to a halt, although he does ask them if they’ve found anything of interest. As far as I can gather they haven’t. Of course they haven’t, there’s nothing there to find.
“I hope they’re not helping themselves to food,” Abi says, probably more to pass the time than anything else.
The police sergeant gives a rather unpleasant sneer. “I don’t think they’d risk poisoning themselves.”
I signal to Abi to let it pass. There’s no point in looking for trouble.
Ten minutes later we hear Danny’s little Kia runabout stopping outside in the front. I have to let Danny in, which Sergeant Masters allows me to do, and Danny storms up the stairs. He looks furious.

Chapter 19

I want to keep out of things. I hate rows. The outcome is that Danny agrees that the police can carry out the search in accordance with the warrant they have, as long as he is present downstairs, and again when they come up.
So the score now is Sergeant Masters two, Mr and Mrs Wells one. I’m wondering, no, hoping, that the score will end up two all, and not three one. Of course it will. Why would Abi keep any sort of poison on the premises? All I’ve got are some tablets in the small wardrobe to keep the moths away.
I feel the blood draining from my face. Did Bruno really hunt around the place to find something with which to poison himself? Well, at least Danny is here. “What sort of poison are you looking for?” I ask the sergeant, trying to sound ever so casual.
“We’ll know it when we find it,” Masters snaps, just as his radio goes. It seems the men have finished their search below, and have found some baking powder, salt, and a few spices. They’ve bagged them all and are coming up here to continue the search. Great. Probably the first place they’ll go to is my bedsit.
And that’s exactly what they do. While Danny stands watching, they start in the bedroom, opening the chest of drawers and rummaging through my personal kit. Then they pull everything out of the wardrobe, including two packs of moth killer hanging on the rail.
Sergeant Masters looks as though he’s just won first prize in a million pound quiz, and he opens an evidence bag and shows it to Danny as though seeking confirmation that it came from my apartment. “These are yours, Mrs Jones?” the sergeant asks.
“Of course they are. I keep them hanging in my wardrobe to preserve my clothes.” Then, using all my observational private investigator skills, I say, “And if you look, you’ll see that the packs are sealed. There are small holes to let the vapour out, but there’s no way anyone can get the contents out without destroying the casing.”
The police sergeant looks a little bit taken aback, but he says, “That will be for forensics to decide.”
I turn to Danny for support, and he looks totally calm. The man must have great trust in me not to take the matter up with Sergeant Masters. Anyway, it should be obvious to anyone that the packs haven’t been broken open, even to Sergeant Stanley Masters.
There’s dirty laughter from the team searching my office. I turn, but the men by my desk are hiding whatever it is that’s caused it. I shrug. There aren’t any naughty pictures or books in the drawers. No doubt the men have some sort of private joke going.
The search is finally over, and the police depart with two evidence bags, one containing two moth killer packs from my bedsit, and the others an assortment of cooking condiments from Button Up.
“Don’t worry about it, Janika,” Abi says. “The man is an idiot. As if I’d be poisoning any of my customers!”
“And as if I could have slipped the contents of the moth killer into his coffee while I was on the train coming back from London,” I add.
Danny assures us that we have nothing to worry about. But then he would say that. I just hope the police aren’t going to stitch one of us up. I really need Courtney here now to give me support. She shouldn’t be long, assuming she can get my laptop from the Railway Hotel.
“Danny,” I say, coming up the stairs after seeing the back of the police, “Courtney Jacobs is on her way here. She’s recovering my laptop that Bruno stole. I’d like you to see her in case there’s any sort of legal problem.”
“Which there will be,” Abi says with a grin. At least she’s smiling, but it’s not her two packs of moth killer that the police have taken away in an evidence bag. I decide to keep quiet about the evidence bag containing the spices and various condiments from Button Up.
I give Abi the key to the downstairs door so she can get some drinks. I tell her not to get me coffee. I’ve got plenty of milk in my fridge. Milk is relaxing. Coffee is the last thing I need after all the drama.
We sit and chat for a bit about Bruno. I want to make both Abi and Danny fully aware of the situation with Bruno. I think the fact that our relationship lasted several years is new to Danny. Full marks to Abi for not passing on everything I’ve told her.
Abi raises a finger as though to get my attention, which she does. “Before I forget, Rupert has had a word with Harry, and they are both up for trying to recover the old man’s medals from the well. They want to know when would be a convenient time.”
“The sooner the better,” I say. “The medals aren’t going to come to any harm in the water, but it’s going to wreck the ribbons. I suppose Wilfred Chadwick can buy replacement ribbons, but it won’t be the same as having the originals that were on them when they were presented.”
“Sounds pretty urgent to me,” Danny says. “Abi has filled me in on that adventure of yours. If the young man’s grandfather wants to press charges, I can’t say I’d be keen to defend him. It was a despicable act. And it’s a loss of great family history, too.”
“I’m sorry for Ben in a way,” I say. “Wilfred comes over as a pleasant, elderly man, but there’s something that the military did that’s made him obsessed with the army. I’m just hoping the pressure will now be off Ben to enlist. It’s sad when family traditions cause a division like that.”
“It won’t happen with any of our children,” Abi says thoughtfully.
I look at her quickly. “Are you saying‒‒‒‒?”
Abi turns red, which is something I’ve not seen her do before. Not that red, anyway. “It’s something we’re discussing at the moment.”
My phone rings. It’s Courtney. She’s collected the laptop and she’s on her way. I’ll go down and wait for her outside. I’m wondering exactly what Abi and Danny are discussing, and if their discussions are actually being put into action.
It makes me sad when I think of the baby I lost in Poland, and Sam and I never got round to feeling we could afford an extra mouth to feed. But to have a miniature reminder of Sam about the place would be wonderful, but not very practical in the sort of work I’m doing. Anyway, enough of that.
It’s with a great sense of relief that I see Courtney Jacobs park a plain black Ford Focus outside Button Up and emerge holding a shoulder bag that looks large enough and heavy enough to contain my precious laptop.
“You’d better come up,” I say, as we give each other a hug. I’m not sure if this is proper behaviour towards a police detective on duty, but I can’t resist. It’s such a relief to find a member of the police force who is actually on my side.
Upstairs, Courtney is surprised to see Abi and Danny, and I explain how the premises have been searched. I also say that Sergeant Stanley Masters has actually taken away two sealed packs of moth killer, which gets a laugh from Courtney.
“So what did Sergeant Masters have to say about Bruno?” she asks.
“Apparently he’s got his memory back, and he’s accusing one of us of poisoning him. That’s all we know.”
“He’s talking nonsense, of course,” Abi says quickly. “No one’s ever been poisoned at Button Up. Okay, not as far as we’ve ever heard.”
Courtney is sitting in one of the two small armchairs by the window with me for company, and Danny and Abi are in the two upright chairs. Courtney glances up at the clock on the wall.
“Did Sergeant Masters take the memory chip from that?”
Danny looks surprised, and Abi jumps as I leap to my feet with a shout. “What an idiot I’ve been!”
Courtney raises her eyebrows. “You don’t mean to say‒‒‒‒”
“Oh stupid, stupid, me. Quick, fire up the laptop while I remove the chip.”
Abi realises what we’re doing, but Danny looks completely confused.
“There’s a camera and microphone bug in the clock,” Abi explains to him. “Everything we’ve been doing and saying up here has been recorded for posterity.”
“For posterity and for Sergeant Stanley Masters,” I say. “If the clock has done its duty, we’ll be able to watch Bruno arrive with Abi, and see what he gets up to when he thinks he’s not being‒‒‒‒”
“Spied on,” Abi finishes. “Come on, let’s see what we’ve got.”
I switch off the power supply and remove the clock from the wall. Clocks with cameras don’t record for very long unless they’re connected to the mains electricity. The micro memory chip in there will give over twelve hours of recording time, before it starts to overwrite the earlier images. So, nothing to worry about – just as long as nothing has gone wrong. I’ve not checked the memory card for ages.
Fortunately, I’ve not needed any video evidence since the gunman followed Detective Inspector Roger Dickinson and me up the stairs. And that only recorded the sound of the man trying to break through the door, followed by the three shots. I have to admit that it showed me looking in a bit of a panic. That image is saved on my laptop for posterity – assuming Bruno hasn’t managed to wipe some of the files.
The laptop is up and running. Now to see what the bug in the clock has recorded in the last twelve hours. I slip the tiny memory card into the reader and plug it into the USB port.
The laptop pings. That’s good, the card has been detected, so hopefully everything is working. Now all I have to do is open the file.
The four of us gather round the desk to watch the Bruno Kamiński show.

Chapter 20

The clock with the camera is on the wall facing the door at the top of the stairs. The movement sensor starts the video the moment the door opens, which is what I was expecting. Abi comes in first and motions to Bruno to follow.
“Wind it on, wind it on,” Abi squeals. “Nothing happens while I’m with him.”
I’m sure Danny can trust Abi absolutely, but I can guess what the problem is. “You look fine, Abi. Don’t worry.”
Abi is running her fingers through her long blonde hair, and Danny says dryly, “It’s a bit late for that now, sweetie.”
Courtney laughs, and Abi gives Danny a playful punch on the arm. I know she hates being called sweetie, but at times she does seem rather too self-conscious about her appearance.
Anyway, Abi soon leaves, and Bruno is looking at the door at the top of the stairs. After a few tentative movements with the steel bar, he slides it across to seal himself inside. We watch with anticipation to see what he does next.
Not a lot, so it turns out. For a long time he sits in one of the armchairs in the window. Although the camera needs to sense movement to switch on to begin with, it will keep running by itself for about thirty minutes if there is no further movement. If there is any further movement during that time, and it will continue running.
I fast forward the video until Bruno stands up. The camera bug in the clock has a wide angle of view, but it doesn’t cover the whole office, although it does include the door into my living quarters with its built-in kitchen and a separate bathroom.
“He’s not touched his drink or his Danish pastry,” Courtney Jacobs observes. “That’s strange.”
Bruno put them on my desk as soon as he arrived, fortunately using a sheet of paper underneath the coffee cup. I notice he’s also put a small packet of something by the side, but the resolution isn’t good enough to see much detail. It looks like a small paper bag.
Then he goes back to the armchair by the window and fiddles with his phone. I hope the police have recovered it, and can see who he’s been contacting.
The drink and pastry are still untouched. Bruno hasn’t forgotten about them, because he glances at them frequently. This is getting weirder and weirder. Then he disappears through the door to my living quarters. We can hear the flush go, but Bruno doesn’t reappear.
I fast forward half an hour, and the camera stops. There’s still no sign of Bruno. No wonder my bed looked as though it had been slept on when we arrived. It’s a mess now, because the police pulled the bedding around in their search.
The recording starts again, and the timer at the bottom of the screen shows that forty-seven minutes had passed. The door into my office has opened, triggering the camera again, and Bruno appears holding an item of my underwear. I feel myself blushing. What will Danny make of my choice of bright pink undies?
I glance at Danny and he seems unmoved. Perhaps Abi has a similar taste in underwear. Perhaps Courtney does as well, or maybe being in CID she’s seen plenty of embarrassing sights, because she’s totally unmoved. I squirm as Bruno presses them into his face for several seconds, then returns to the small armchair, his coffee and pastries still untouched, my bright pink undies in his hands.
I notice Bruno has left the door to my bedsit slightly ajar, and decide to fast forward again until we see some action. And suddenly there is plenty. I can hear a noise on the stairs up from the street. Instantly Bruno jumps to his feet and goes to the desk where he deposits my underwear in one of the drawers.
I guess my panties are still there, but I’m not bothering to look for them. In fact, I never want to see or touch them again. But it explains the sniggers from the search team. I don’t think I’ll ever live this down.
We can hear me and Abi banging on the door, and Bruno is standing watching. I get the feeling he’s confident that the steel bar will hold. He creeps to the door and listens. He’s probably heard me telling Abi that we’ll go round to the back and look through my bedroom window.
“Freeze it,” Courtney says, making me jump. “Go back a few seconds.”
Bruno has picked up what looks like the small paper bag, and has put his fingers inside. I wind back a few frames, and then advance frame by frame.
“It’s some sort of powder,” Abi says. “Probably sesame seed powder he brought with him especially.”
The microphone which is part of the camera bug is very sensitive, and as soon as I run the video at normal speed I can hear voices. It must be me and Abi round the back looking through the window. I know we weren’t exactly quiet about it.
And now something really bizarre happens. Bruno picks up the disposable cup which is still full of coffee that must be completely cold by now, and drinks most of it quickly, before eating half of the Danish pastry.
Then he takes some powder from the bag – it has to be powder the way he’s picking it out between his fingers – and sprinkles it in the coffee cup and on the remainder of the Danish pastry. Finally, he puts a pinch of it in his mouth, but doesn’t attempt to wash it down with the coffee.
“Where’s the bag now?” I ask. “The police should have found it when they searched.”
Bruno creeps to the partly open door to my living quarters. Convinced that all is quiet, he hurries in, taking the small paper bag with him. Then we hear the flush go. So that explains why the police didn’t find whatever is in the bag.
“It’s the poison,” Abi says rather unnecessarily. “What a horrible man.” Yes, that second bit definitely needs to be said ‒ as many times as Abi can manage.
I nod. “It looks like he’s taken such a small amount it won’t have done him much harm. He waited until he’d eaten  half the pastry before sprinkling the powder on it.”
Bruno must have guessed that we were planning to look through the front window, and he lies down on the floor by the desk with the Danish pastry by his side, as though he’s suddenly collapsed.
I wind on a bit further because the man is lying totally still. Then he twitches a bit and I guess it’s time to play the video at normal speed.
This is incredible. There’s loud crashing, but Bruno manages to stay unmoving. The door bursts open and the police come in. He opens his eyes and looks completely dazed. What a fraud!
Then he sits up and starts coughing and choking, clutching his throat. To me, at least, it’s play acting, especially as he keeps his eyes on the police as though checking that they’re watching.
Next comes his questioning in Polish. “Gdzie ja jestem? Kim jesteś? Co się stało?”
 “He wants to know where he is,” I tell Courtney. “And who he is.” 
“Keep it running,” she says, but she’s not paying full attention. She has her phone out. Hopefully our nightmare is about to be over.
On my laptop we see the medics arrive, and Bruno goes through his act of being confused. It clearly is an act, and I should have seen through it at the time. Abi watches in fascination, and seems completely unaware that her hair is now rather untidy.
Courtney Jacobs has made three phone calls altogether while we’re watching, the third one being the longest. I’ve only partly been paying attention to her, because the video has taken most of my attention.
“I need to take the memory chip,” Courtney says. “I suggest you copy it first onto your laptop as a backup, Janika. Just in case.”
“Definitely,” Abi says. “Although Danny is here. I’m sure his evidence would be as good as actually having the video.”
Danny seems to have been in a dream. “Janika,” he says slowly, “that’s one of the most despicable scenes I’ve ever witnessed. I have to make sure you’re protected from that man.”
“And protect me, too,” Abi says quickly. “It’s Button Up food that he pretends he’s been poisoned with. Janika, I thought we might both be going down together.” She gives a sort of smile. “I was hoping we could share adjoining cells.”
That’s typical Abi Button humour, but I’m in no mood for laughing. How could Bruno do that to us? I give Abi a hug and burst into tears.

Chapter 21

While Courtney goes off to change the direction of the investigation, Abi invites me back to her house. Quite honestly, I’m feeling absolutely zapped. I don’t want to go anywhere.
“Thanks for the offer, but I’m safe here now,” I say. “Bruno is in hospital, and Courtney has got things moving to make sure he stays there before going into custody. I’m just so glad I thought to get that clock installed.”
I slip into my bathroom and on the way I notice the disturbed bed again. It’s horrible to think of Bruno lying there for so long, probably hugging my pillow and fantasising with disgusting thoughts.
When I get back into my office, Abi has just finished making a phone call. “It’s Saturday tomorrow,” she says. “It’s my day off, so how about we have a day out? I’ve just been talking to Rupert. He and Harry are ready to explore the old well and try to recover the old man’s medals. Let’s all go. We’ll share cars, and I want you to come with me and Danny. Melanie, Pete and Hayley can manage Button Up. Saturdays are never all that busy.”
“If you’re sure. Yes, it would be good to get away with you guys. You seem so normal somehow.”
Abi looks surprised, and then she shrugs.
I phone Wilfred Chadwick, and he sounds excited at the prospect. I don’t like to ask about the situation with his grandson, and explain that my friends will be coming with suitable equipment to get to the bottom of the well. As long as the water isn’t too deep, they should be able to recover his box of medals.
Wilfred sounds a bit uncertain, and wonders how safe it will be. I explain that the two guys who will be going down have already explored an old well with great success, and lived to tell the tale. That seems to reassure him.
I turn to Abi. “He says tomorrow is fine. What time?”
“Great. I’ll phone Rupert and he can contact Harry. We’ll have to confirm it, but ask Wilfred if 10 o’clock is good.”
It is, and Abi makes her phone calls. When she’s finished, she says, “Rupert and Alice will take their Citroen 2CV. You’ve not seen it yet, have you?”
I smile. Suddenly the world is returning to normal. “Not yet, but it’s certainly going to bring back memories.”
“There won’t be room for Harry, because Bethany and little Freddie and their new baby Archie are coming as well. They’ve got their own car now. It’s old, but Rupert said he’s checked it over and reckons it should stand the return journey to Wilfred’s village without breaking down too many times.”
That is clearly a joke, judging by the way Abi laughs. A day out with friends. It sounds amazing. I’ve not met Harry and Bethany. From what I’ve heard, little Freddie is quite a bundle of fun, and he has recently had a little brother called Archie join him. I just hope Freddie doesn’t fall down the well. Ding dong bell, Freddie’s in the well!
I’m just about to share that jingle with the others, when my phone rings. It’s Courtney. “Hi, Courtney.”
“Are you on your own, Janika?”
“Abi and Danny are still here. They’ve invited me back to theirs for the night. It’s certainly a tempting offer after all we’ve been through.”
“You need to go, Janika.” There’s something odd in Courtney’s voice. She sounds worried.
“Any particular reason?”
“I’m at the hospital now. I got here too late. Bruno released himself an hour ago.”
“How could he do that? Weren’t the police supposed to be watching him?”
“Bruno was in as the victim, not as a wanted person, Janika. That’s Sergeant Masters for you. Jumping to conclusions too quickly. Bruno insisted he was well enough to leave, and they had no reason to keep him. He signed the papers saying he was responsible for his decision to discharge himself, and left. He gave his address as the Railway Hotel.”
“And is he there now?”
“I immediately phoned the Railway Hotel. He checked out half an hour ago.”
“That’s suspicious for a start. Did he give any forwarding address?”
Courtney pauses for a long time. “I’m sorry, Janika, we have no idea of Bruno Kamiński’s current whereabouts. I strongly recommend you take up your friends’ offer. If you can stay with them until we’ve tracked Bruno down, that would be great. That man is irrational, and probably dangerous. After all, he did threaten your life, although I don’t think Sergeant Masters took the threat seriously. However, if you decide to stay, Sergeant Masters will arrange for a patrol car to pass from time to time, just in case.”
Just in case what, Courtney doesn’t need to elaborate. She promises to keep me updated, and I explain to Abi and Danny what’s happened. Abi says that of course I can stay with them for as long as necessary.
I now have to think like a detective. If I was Bruno, what would I do next? Assuming he wanted to make contact with me again, unpleasant though the thought is, his first port of call would be here. For all I know, he might be watching at this moment. That’s going to make it difficult to leave.
“Where’s your car, Abi?” I ask.
“At the back, next to yours,” Danny says. “I’ll bring it round to the front if you don’t want to walk round there in the dark. But you’ll be safe enough with us.”
“I’m definitely coming with you. I’m working out the best way to do this. It’s possible Bruno is hanging around. I need to let him think I’m stopping here tonight. If he sees me leaving with a heavy backpack with enough stuff in it for the weekend, he’s likely to follow. Assuming he has a car.”
The best plan I can come up with is that I pack my bag while Danny goes round to the back to collect the Kia, and I’ll lower the bag safely out of the back window. My laptop will be in there, so I don’t want to just throw it out. But I’m not going to risk using my very expensive designer luggage.
On his way round to the back, Danny will keep a good look out for Bruno. In fact, he’s going to keep a good lookout for any man on his own, because he’s only seen Bruno on the video. It’s dark now, and he might not recognise him under the streetlights.
So I pack my bag with enough kit for several days, and watch from the back window for Danny to arrive. He’s on his own, and it looks clear down there.
Danny’s standing looking up at the window. Using the straps, I can lean out far enough so my backpack only drops a couple of feet. Danny catches it safely and puts it in the boot of the little Kia. Now for the next part of my plan.
I close the window and the curtains, and go into the office where I lower the blind. Abi is on the phone to Danny, who reports that he is now standing by the front of Button Up, and the road is clear. As far as he can see, anyway.
Danny has left his car round the back, and he’s standing by the downstairs door, looking left and right. He signals to us to come out. I’m leaving a couple of my lights on. I lock the door, give it a hard shove, and walk round to the back with my friends, putting on a pretence of chatting away casually, as though we don’t have a care in the world.
Danny opens the back door of the Kia and tells me to lie down on the floor. There’s not much room between the front and back seats, but needs must. And now comes the clever bit. Just before Danny and Abi get into the front seats, Danny calls out loudly, “Bye, Janika.” And Abi adds, loudly enough for just about everyone in the area to hear, “See you tomorrow. Bye.”
And then we drive off, hoping for the best.

Chapter 22

Saturday dawns bright and fair. For a moment I wonder where I am, and then the memories come flooding back. How have I managed to sleep so soundly? I would have expected a disturbed night of weird dreams after what I went through yesterday.
I can smell cooked breakfast. So how long have I been asleep? I sit up and look around. It’s a small room. Abi told me it was her room as a child. I can see a porcelain model of Bambi on the chest of drawers. It’s probably some prized memory of her childhood.
Good for her! No point in discarding all the past ‒ if the past is good. Me, I just want to get rid of my past, apart from the time I was married to Sam. Those short years are the most precious of my life.
There’s a gentle knock at the door, and Abi calls out, “Come on, sleepyhead, breakfast is served. The gang will be here soon.”
Fortunately I had a bath last night. A long one, in an attempt to relax. Showers are okay, but you can’t beat a long soak in a hot bath. Just the thought of Bruno poking around with my underwear makes me feel sick to my stomach. And the thought that the man is now at large, after releasing himself from hospital, terrifies me. He actually threatened to kill me. Of course, he might not have been serious, but knowing Bruno better than the police do, I guess it has to be a grim possibility.
I check my phone messages, and there’s one from Courtney sent just over ten minutes ago. I had my phone on silent all night, and I listen to the message. It’s bad news. Bruno has not been located, although the local police are calling at every hotel with a photograph and description. She’ll let me know when they find him.
I think she really means if they find him. But can Bruno really disappear in England? He hardly knows the country. I’m not sure he’s even been to England before, and I doubt he has friends here who will shelter him.
Almost together, two cars pulled up outside Abi and Danny’s house. It’s a substantial building made from the dark red bricks of the type used on just about every building in town.
The sight of Rupert and Alice’s cream Citroen 2CV with red seats certainly brings back memories. Not just the car itself, but the distinctive whine from the engine before Rupert switches it off. There’s a lot of shouting and welcoming and hugging, and I’m introduced to a rather shy girl, holding a struggling baby who looks about three or four months old. Rupert is carrying a small boy who is guess is Freddie.
Apparently the rather shy girl is Bethany, the runaway girl whom Abi helped rescue from a dreaded aunt who tried to get Freddie adopted. I’m not sure of the details, but no doubt Abi will tell me them at some stage – at least, what she feels able to share.
Alice comes forward and rather formally shakes my hand. In a way, she looks a bit of a mess, with her dark frizzy hair growing wild on her head, but it suits her. If she put a few flowers in there, she would look really cute. Not that I’m going to suggest it.
They all know where the village of Cravenwell is, but only Abi and Danny have been there. So the agreement is that I will go first with Abi and Danny, and the others will follow. I suggest we park round the back of the pub so as not to attract too much attention. Rupert laughs, and says that as soon as they start lowering the caving ladder down the well, we won’t be able to avoid attracting attention.
He explains he’s borrowed a steel beam from the Mill Lane Garage where he works. From my description of the well he’s sure it’s more than long enough to bridge the gap. He wants to tie the caving ladder to the centre of it.
When he and Harry explored the well in his own back garden, Rupert says they discovered that if the rungs of the ladder rested against the smooth side of the well shaft, it was impossible to get their toes onto the rungs far enough to be secure. Also, it was much safer to grip round the back of the ladder and hug it while descending and ascending.
I’ve never done any cave exploration, but that sort of makes sense to me. I guess it also means that any small stones being dislodged from the side of the well will miss them. Harry has brought safety helmets, which clearly wouldn’t protect against any of the large stones falling from the low wall. It’s good to note the precautions they are taking.
I feel rather embarrassed that I haven’t booked my car in yet at Rupert’s garage. He’s had the replacement door for over a week. Anyway, the door doesn’t get mentioned, and like a lot of excited teenagers going off on holiday together alone, we jump in our cars and leave town on the Brevelstone road.
Even before we leave town I start turning round to check who’s following behind. Alice and Rupert are first, and Harry with Bethany, with Freddie and Archie take up the rear in a rather battered grey Skoda estate. There’s no sign of anyone else following.
My forensic kit is back at the office, but surely it would have been pointless to check for a tracker on the little Kia. Gerry the Taff had one, but then he’d been instructed to follow me and would have been given the kit to do it. There’s no way Bruno could have acquired a tracker and receiver. Well, I have to hope he couldn’t.
Thinking about Gerry the Taff makes me wonder if he’s been located yet. I must remember to ask Courtney. I don’t bear the man any ill will. He didn’t attack me. All he did was follow me and report on my location to someone in the drugs gang who was interested in my movements. Gerry was harmless enough. I almost feel sorry for him having to go into police security until the gang leaders are caught.
I hope they’re caught very soon. Then all I will have to worry about is Bruno finding me.
“Do you think Wilfred Chadwick will try to enlist Danny?” Abi asks, half turning round to me and smiling.
“Sure to. He’ll even try and put little Freddie into the Army apprentices. I’m sure there’s a place in the army for you too, Abi. I’ll ask.”
Danny mutters something that I’m not privileged to hear, and then he asks me, “Is it okay to call him Wilfred?”
“I think he prefers Sergeant Major Chadwick,” I say, but I can’t keep a straight face, and laugh out loud. “Of course you can. I’m sure we’ll get along fine. He wants his medals back, and that’s all there is to it. I think he’s even come to a sort of understanding with his grandson Ben about not joining the army.”
I turn around again, and a black car that looks like a large Ford is now behind the three of us. We’re having to go quite slowly out of respect for Harry’s old Skoda. It looks like a woman driving the car. I turn back to face the front.
“I think Wilfred’s biggest regret was that he only had a daughter,” I say. “I got the impression he doesn’t agree with women in the army, but when his daughter married I gather he put pressure on his son-in-law to enlist.”
“Did he have any brothers or sisters?” Danny asks, without turning round. I appreciate that in a driver.
“He said something about having a baby brother. I didn’t go into details, and I don’t think he knew much about it anyway. He was only three or four at the time, and the baby must have died. So as far as I know, he was the only son to carry on the family tradition.”
Abi turns to look at me. That’s okay if the person is a passenger and not driving. “The man obviously has an obsession with the military,” she says, “but I certainly don’t want him to lose his family medals. Goodness knows what state the ribbons will be in, but at least the medals themselves should dry off okay.”
“I couldn’t agree more.” I look out of the back window again, and the woman in the black car has disappeared somewhere along the way. So far then, so good.
“Slow down, Danny” Abi says, “we turn left soon.”
“If we slow down much more we’ll be stopping right where we are,” Danny observes dryly. “Okay, got it.”
I can’t help associating Cravenwell with Gerry the Taff on my tail, and I direct Danny to the car park at the back of the village pub. It seems to be a parking area belonging to the whole village, and the other two cars follow us.
“Leave the kit in the cars,” Abi tells everyone as we disembark. “Let’s just check that Wilfred is expecting us. You never know, at his age he might have forgotten.”
“Abi,” I protest, “that’s so ageist. Wilfred is as smart as a button. And I don’t mean you, Abi Button as was. I mean a shiny army button. He won’t have forgotten.”
He hasn’t, either. He’s in his front garden as we walk towards the cottage. He jumps to attention when he sees us as though he’s about to give a military salute, but he smiles instead.
“Would you like a cup of tea before you start work? Anyway, come in and we can talk about your plans.”
I was half expecting him to refer to our reason for being here as maneuvers, which I know would have brought giggles from Abi. It seems he’s ready for us, and says he’s not bothered at all about any of the villagers coming to look. All he wants is his medals back.
There’s no sign of his grandson, and I guess Ben is keeping out of the way. Or perhaps he’s been banned from his grandfather’s presence. I hope not. There seemed to be some sort of understanding between the two of them when I left.
Rupert and Harry decide to bring their cars round and park in the front, since Wilfred doesn’t seem bothered about spectators.
I watch as they unload the rolled up caving ladder, similar to the much shorter model I keep as a fire escape inside my back window. There are overalls for Harry and Rupert, and two helmets. Danny is dressed informally, but rather too smartly to make the descent.
Harry has also brought some sort of grabber that looks rather home-made, but might be useful if the box with the medals is deep underwater. Nobody knows yet how deep the actual well is. Anyway, they haven’t brought diving equipment, so here’s hoping the water is quite shallow.
Danny stays outside with the two heroes, or potential heroes, while we girls go in with the children and Wilfred to watch through the leaded glass of the small downstairs window. There’s no point in attracting too much attention.
The first thing they do is to lever off the cover, which is surprisingly difficult. It was just one of those planks that Ben managed to lift. It seems that Wilfred’s father was determined that no one would use the well again when he issued Wilfred with the stern warning that it was dangerous and absolutely out of bounds.
With the cover completely removed, Harry fetches the steel beam from the back of his Skoda and ties the top of the rolled up ladder to it securely. The beam is more than long enough to bridge the low walls that surround the well.
It looks safe enough to me, but I’m leaving it to Harry and Rupert to decide if they want to descend. It looks like it’s got the okay from both of them, because Harry lets the ladder unroll itself as it drops into the void.
With Harry holding a bright hand lamp, they peer into the well. I don’t need my detecting skills to deduce from the high-fives they give each other that the ladder has reached the water.

Chapter 23

We agreed before setting out that Harry would be first down. With his building experience he’d be better able to judge the state of the shaft which is a mix of natural limestone rock and bricks. I can’t say Bethany was happy about that, and hopefully the shaft is okay, and that’s not the reason that Wilfred’s father sealed the well up. Surely it had to be pollution in the water.
Now I come to think of it, it wouldn’t matter what state the walls were in if you’re only using a bucket. Perhaps he thought the whole garden might cave in. I think that’s unlikely, and almost certainly Harry would have spotted the danger first, because he’s now climbing over the wall and is about to disappear out of sight, clinging with his arms around the back of the ladder.
Alice is holding little baby Archie, and Bethany passes Freddie to me as she hurries out of the door. The toddler immediately starts kicking and fussing to go with her, and I’m afraid of injuring him if I squeeze too tightly. Just for a moment I see myself holding my own child. He’d be nearly five years old now.
I give Freddie a gentle kiss on the head and tell him mummy will be back soon.
Harry’s head disappears below the low wall surrounding the well, and I can see Bethany has a conflict about whether to watch her husband descend, or pacify little Freddie who is now wriggling violently, and screaming loudly enough to be heard through the leaded glass of the window.
Little Freddie wins. My kiss obviously wasn’t motherly enough.
Danny and Rupert are leaning over, with Rupert shining the bright hand lamp. If they had caving helmets fitted with lights, they wouldn’t need that lamp. But this was a rush job, and Rupert and Harry have done okay to get all this kit together, with ordinary builders safety helmets, overalls, and a pole with a grabber on the end, operated by hand..
“I’m going out to see what’s happening,” I say. “I can’t stand the suspense.”
Alice and Bethany seem happy to stay back with Freddie and baby Archie, but Abi comes out to join Danny. I lean over the well cautiously. I can see Harry hanging on below. He seems to be half submerged in the water, so the ladder obviously goes down some way. I’m just glad he won’t be coming back in the little Kia with me and Mr and Mrs Wells!
Harry now has his arm reaching under the water for something, and he calls up for the grabber. Rupert quickly lowers it on a thin rope Harry brought. As far as I can tell, Harry has found something much larger than Wilfred’s brass box of medals.
“It’s an old leather bag,” Harry shouts up as we lean over the low wall, his voice echoing in the well shaft. “I think it’s called a Gladstone bag. Whatever it is, it’s really heavy. Hold on while I get my Stanley knife out of my pocket.”
“Don’t cut it open down there,” Abi shouts down. “It might be full of treasure and it will all spill out.”
I hear a groan from Danny, and feel like adding one of my own. That’s one thing that might happen in stories, but not in real life.
“I’m only cutting a couple of slits at the bottom to let the water out, so don’t panic,” Harry calls up. “There, done it. It’s still heavy. There are two leather straps round it and the handle seems to have brass rings. I’ll pass the rope through them and round the bottom. It should be okay to lift.”
“I hope it doesn’t fall on his head,” is Abi’s helpful comment to me.
It seems Harry has already thought of that. His voice echoes up the well shaft. “It’s going to be heavy. I’ll come up first, in case something breaks. I don’t want it dropping on me.”
Harry quickly emerges, water dripping from the waist of his overalls downwards, and he and Rupert start hauling the bag up, with some assistance from Danny. I can hear Abi muttering that Danny should have worn something a bit older in the way of clothes. The rope is dirty where it’s been rubbing against the shaft. Okay, boys will always be boys.
Harry reaches over and pulls the leather bag up the final bit of the shaft and dumps it on the ancient flag stones in the front garden. It lands with a soft, squelchy sound. I think Harry was right when he called it a Gladstone bag. It’s old and leather and very black on the outside.
“That can’t be the medals,” I say, rather obviously.
Bethany and Alice have now come out into the garden, and Bethany is holding tightly onto Freddie who clearly wants to see what’s down the well.
Wilfred walks forward, his face white.
“I knew it,” he says quietly. “I think I always knew it. It’s all come back to me. I was watching from the bedroom window when my father threw it down. The next morning he boarded up the well and said it was never to be used because the water was dangerous.”
Wilfred looks as though he’s about to collapse, and there’s an old rustic bench under the window that looks just about strong enough to support his weight. Abi and Danny take him there and make sure he sits down securely.
Harry has undone the leather straps, but the central latch seems to be locked. He gets out the Stanley knife and is about to cut through the leather when I turn to look at Wilfred. He’s just staring ahead with sightless eyes. Or if he can see, his brain seems to have switched off, for there’s no reaction as Harry looks ready to slice a slit the full length of the leather top.
I know what’s in there. Or at least I think I do. “Stop!” I shout. “We can’t open it here.”
Two elderly ladies have stopped to see what’s going on, but it’s not them I’m worried about. I’m thinking of the shock Wilfred will get when he sees the remains of his baby brother being tipped out on the old flagstones in the front garden.
What a nightmare. What an absolute tragedy. What a guilty secret his parents must have held all those years. And did Wilfred really have any idea what was happening that night when his father threw the leather bag down the well?
Little Freddie is too young to understand what we’re talking about, and Wilfred nods when I ask if it’s okay for me to tell them what I suspect is in the bag. From the look on his face, he knows anyway.
I tell everyone to come indoors, including Wilfred, where I share my suspicions. Well, they’re not suspicions. I believe my deduction is a dead cert. I say we need to come up with a plan of what we do next.
 “We need to know for sure,” Danny says, putting on his junior solicitor’s hat. “It might just be some old tools or something.”
I think we all know it won’t be, but what Danny says makes sense. I’m not sure if we still come under the jurisdiction of Police Sergeant Masters in this village. If so, he’s not going to be thrilled to get an urgent callout to come to see a bag of old tools.
There’s no way to the back garden apart from going through the cottage, and the bag is still dripping water. At least, after all this time submerged in the well it can only be water.
Wilfred really comes to life, and produces an old plastic mac which we wrap around the lower part of the Gladstone bag. We hurry it through the house, Harry leaving a trail of water as he goes.
I’ve not been into the little back garden properly before. It’s the quaintest of quaint cottage gardens. Some rose bushes, two small apple trees, lavender and all sorts of old-fashioned flowers. It seems terrible to desecrate it with the contents of this old leather bag.
Once outside, Harry produces his Stanley knife again, and looks up at us for approval as he kneels down, the blade poised for action.
Everybody apart from Bethany stays. I thought perhaps some of the more fainthearted might go in with her, as she obviously feels obliged to shield her little boy from what we’re about to see. Actually, from what we’re hoping not to see.
Harry’s uses the Stanley knife to slit the whole length of the top of the bag, and then he pulls the sides apart. There, curled up in a rotten cotton shawl we see a bundle of little bones that are obviously the remains of a tiny infant.
For a moment I’m thinking, hoping, this could be some pet, but the skull is obviously human. It’s the size of a doll’s head. There’s no skin left, but loose strands of black hair are draped around the skull. The bones and hair have survived, but not the skin and flesh.
I look at Abi and I can see tears in her eyes. That sets me off, and she comes across and gives me a hug. For Wilfred’s sake I know we have to put on an act of bravery.
The old military man has lost all his military bearing. He looks broken, and we follow him back inside.
“One day my father came back on leave from the war. I must have been nearly five. I’d not seen him for so long that I was scared of him. I just wanted my mother, and that made my father angry.”
I nod. That makes sense.
Wilfred is staring at a photograph of a woman on the mantelpiece. I guess it’s his mother. There are several photographs of men in military uniform, presumably his grandfather, father, and himself. I notice there’s no picture of his parents together.
Eventually Wilfred says, “My father and mother were upstairs in the bedroom, and I heard my father shouting loudly. I hid downstairs. I could hear my mother screaming and screaming. I knew my father was hitting her. Punching her even.”
There’s another long pause. I don’t know whether to let Wilfred recall more the trauma, or distract him. I decide it might be wiser to let him get something out of his system.
“Things went quiet for a few minutes,” Wilfred says slowly. “And my mother screamed again. I was terrified. She called out something about a baby boy. I heard my father yelling at her to shut up. That wasn’t their only fight. Looking back, I can see that the war was to blame. My father must have seen some terrible things.”
“They call it PTSD now,” Danny says quietly. “Don’t be too hard on your father, Wilfred. People back then were told to man up and get on with life.”
Wilfred nods. “I can see that now, but at the time I knew my mother was really scared of him. Later that day, when my father was out at the pub, I crept up to the bedroom where my mother was lying on the bed weeping.”
Abi is about to say something, but Danny puts his hand on her shoulder and shakes his head.
“The bedding had been changed,” Wilfred says, almost in a whisper. “But I could see traces of blood on the end of the bedstead and on the floor. I said I would run to fetch the doctor, but she looked really frightened and said no, there must be no doctor. She’d be all right. The Gladstone bag was on the floor by the side of the bed, but I didn’t ask about it. Somehow, even though I was just a small boy, I knew it contained something dreadful, but I didn’t know what.”
Wilfred is breathing heavily. “I asked her what she meant about a baby boy. Did I have a baby brother? She said it was all a mistake, and I had to forget about it and never mention it again. So I didn’t mention it. Not until now.”
I think all of us are too stunned to say anything. And that includes Abi.
“What happens now?” Wilfred says, obviously trying to choke back his tears.
The legal side of Danny has taken over. “Wilfred,” he says gently, “this will have no reflection on you. You were only a small child at the time. What we have to do now is inform the police and the coroner. There will have to be an inquest into the cause of the baby’s death. It will only be a formality.”
Wilfred shakes his head. “Unless it’s murder.”
Danny is trying to be as comforting as possible. “There’s very little left of the baby after all that time in the water. I don’t think anyone will be able to tell how it died.”
“He,” Wilfred says shakily. “That’s my little baby brother who never went into the army. I’m going to make sure he gets a proper burial.”

Chapter 24

Fortunately, Wilfred’s village comes under the jurisdiction of the Brevelstone police. Wilfred asked us to stay with him until the forensic team came to take away the remains of the tiny body, and he seemed to be a broken man. So we sat with him and had some of his milky tea in an assortment of ancient bone china cups. In the circumstances, I hardly noticed what I was drinking.
We left Wilfred yesterday in shock. His daughter was with him. She said she’d stay the night. It was Abi’s idea to phone her. His daughter told us she was sure her father was going to be all right, and she would help him get over the distress.
I think we all need help for that. I’m glad Melanie, Steve and young Liam hadn’t come with us. They were busy at Button Up anyway. The sight of that poor little infant would have marked Liam for life. I think it’s marked me for life, as well.
Before leaving, Harry took another trip down the well. He said his legs and overalls were already soaking, so another dip wasn’t going to hurt them. He doubted he would need to reach down far under the water for the medals, because he’d been standing on something that felt like loose stones or bricks which must mark the bottom of the well.
With a bit of rummaging around he found the brass box, and all the medals were inside. Wet, but all safe. That helped to settle the old man down. Just as we were leaving, Ben turned up. He seemed to be getting a welcome at the door as we drove away.
Piers Pillinger phoned me when we got back and said Humphrey Broxburn wants to meet me sometime. Great, yet another reason to be wary in my doorway late at night.
But Piers said there’s nothing to worry about. Humphrey quite understands he was tricked by a genius and he might even have work for me. He’s sorted out the ownership of the picture, and wants to congratulate me on my ingenuity.
I have to say I was more than a little bit disbelieving, but Piers told me I should take it as a genuine compliment. Both he and Humphrey occasionally need someone with my great abilities. His words, not mine.
When I told Danny and Abi, Danny congratulated me on a job well done and said I should certainly meet up with Humphrey Broxburn, but as Janika Jones Private Detective, not as Janika Bartol representing the mythical James B Chesterfield.
Abi took a different view. She told me not to trust the man, and watch my back. Thanks, Abi, for that comforting thought.
So now it’s Sunday morning, and I know Abi and Danny will be going to the small church that meets in what was once a chapel for the mill workers. I’ve been a couple of times, once at Abi’s request, and once at Liam’s. He wanted me to meet the twins, Sophie and William.
Alice and Rupert also go, and I feel awkward about saying no. But the possibility of church didn’t get mentioned last night, and if anything is said at breakfast I’ll probably plead exhaustion.
I can’t smell anything cooking, but I know Abi and Danny have a roast lunch, so it’s probably just cereal and toast. Come to think of it, I can smell toast. If I could just get the sight of that open Gladstone bag out of my mind, I might actually feel hungry.
“We didn’t want to disturb you,” Abi says, as I eventually make my way down the stairs. “You certainly got us all involved in an adventure at Wilfred Chadwick’s cottage.”
“I’m sorry about that,” I say, as Danny jumps up and pulls back a chair like a true gentleman so I can sit at the table. “What a terrible tragedy, whether it was a natural or assisted death. Are you going to the inquest, Danny?”
“If I can. I’d like to sit by him and give support.”
“I just hope no elderly person in the village stands up and gives some dramatic account of how the baby was killed, or even thrown down the well still alive,” Abi says “You’ll have to challenge them, Danny, if they do. Make out that they’re senile.”
Danny shook his head. “I think you’re getting rather carried away, Abi, but I take your point. I’ll be ready for any eventuality, don’t worry. I’ll have a word with Mr Waters. Branks, Davis & Waters don’t get much work from Brevelstone which is where the inquest will be held. He’ll probably want some publicity ‒ as long as I promise to speak to the local newspaper. And of course say who I represent.”
My laptop has been charging in the kitchen overnight. I need to check my emails. Although I can get them on my phone, by the time I was awake and dressed for breakfast I forgot. Anyway, I’m not likely to get assignments on a Sunday morning, but it’s worth checking.
Breakfast in the Wells household is very informal, at the kitchen table. Abi is reading a magazine, and Danny is catching up with something on his phone. I point to my laptop which is still plugged in on the side. “Do you mind if I use it now?”
Abi looks up from her magazine. “Go on,” she says almost absentmindedly.
There’s marmalade on my fingers from the thick piece of wholemeal toast I’m eating. I can see a box of tissues on the table, and I wipe them before retrieving my computer.
I’ve not had a thorough check of everything, so I open the encrypted folder that contains all my work files, and everything is there. I really need to make sure my antivirus is absolutely up-to-date, and run a full scan before doing anything more, and that will take over an hour.
“Is it okay?” Abi asks, putting the magazine to one side. “You mentioned you were going to get a new one.”
I know how to use this computer and all the apps that I need, but setting them up from scratch is a different matter.
“I guess so. This has been a friend for four years, and it’s got good memories of Sam and me using it together. Technology moves on. It’s just that I’m reluctant to learn new tricks at my age.”
Abi laughs. “We’re almost teenagers compared to Wilfred Chadwick, and he still seems to have all his marbles. So there’s hope for us yet. Are you coming to church with us this morning?”
This sudden change of direction throws me for a moment. “I think I’ll stay here, if that’s okay.”
“Only I was thinking,” Abi says slowly, “that if you’re getting a new laptop, Toby Walton would be able to help you there. He runs all the church computer stuff.”
I feel myself going red. “Do I know him?” I don’t think that question sounds convincing at all.
“Well, he certainly knows you. Every Sunday he asks where you are.”
Oh yes, I know who Abi means. We’ve chatted a couple of times. He’s quite tall, has fair hair, and a ready smile. “You can tell him I’m widowed and not looking for another relationship. My work is everything I need in life.”
Danny is looking up from his phone. “Toby Walton? What about him?”
“Janika is going to get a new laptop and ask him to set it up for her.”
Danny just nods, and goes back to his phone.
“Is this a trick to get me to church, Abi?” I notice Abi’s attempt at an innocent face, and have to laugh as I say it.
Abi stands up and gives me a hug. “Could be. So are you coming or not?”
“It might be worth asking him, purely in the interests of having a reliable laptop with the latest apps that will help with my work.”
Abi rolls her eyes, and says, “Of course.”

Epilogue

The verdict from the inquest was an open one. Danny and I attended, Danny representing Branks, Davis & Waters. I was there just to give Wilfred the support of seeing a friendly face.
Wilfred stood up to say he’d asked his father what he’d thrown down the well, and his father told him it was just some old army kit he didn’t need any longer. But Wilfred said as a child he was suspicious and even a bit scared of the sealed well. It had something to do with the baby boy his mother had mentioned, and father’s behaviour really scared him.
The coroner was the same man who declared Sam’s death to be murder by person or persons unknown. He seems genuinely thoughtful, and assured Wilfred that he wasn’t involved in whatever happened. 
Several theories were put forward by the police who had requested a post-mortem, including infanticide by the mother while the balance of her mind was disturbed after giving birth. But the coroner dismissed them when the pathologist said he had examined the lower mandible, the jawbone, and it showed in-utero tooth development of less than thirty weeks.
In the pathologist’s opinion the infant had been a premature birth, and at less than thirty weeks was unlikely to have survived, even with the best neonatal care available at that time. So a natural death would be the correct verdict for the coroner to reach.
The pathologist added that so many years after the event, it would not be possible to ascertain the reason for the foetus being discarded. There was no one still living in the village who would have known Wilfred’s mother, and been old enough at the time to throw light on the situation.
He said that although The Births and Deaths Registration Act of 1926 was aimed mainly to provide stronger safeguards against the concealment of crime in relation to the disposal of the dead, in the time of war many parents wrongly felt they were under no obligation to report premature stillbirths.
I was glad to see Danny nodding. I expect he already knew that, anyway. Outside, as everyone dispersed, I was glad to see the inquest hadn’t attracted the press. And why would it? It was history. However, Wilfred shook our hands firmly and said he was adjusting to what had happened and couldn’t thank us enough. We must call in whenever we’re passing Cravenwell.
I asked him how the medal ribbons had dried out. With a twinkle in his eye he said that he was leaving them as they were. Some of them had survived world wars, and it was fitting that his own medals had now been in the wars, so to speak, and survived! 
On the way back from the inquest, Danny dropped a bomb. “I’m glad the matter of dates didn’t come up,” he said, almost to himself.
I was sitting in the back, and left it to Abi to ask the obvious question. “What dates?”
Danny was shaking his head. “I don’t think there’s anyone around now who could say anything, but I didn’t want it to come out at the inquest. I did a bit of checking before going to Brevelstone today. Wilfred was born two years before the start of the war, so there’s no reason to doubt his paternity.”
Abi realised what Danny was saying as quickly as I did. “So where was Wilfred’s father when the baby would have been conceived?” she asked.
“North Africa,” Danny said quietly. “I checked the military records. There can be no mistake.”
Wilfred’s mother had to live with the shame. It wouldn’t have been hard to hide the bump at five months if she was determined to keep the pregnancy secret from the neighbours. She might even have had a close friend in the village who did the shopping for her. But Wilfred’s father would have spotted it straight away.
The tragedy makes sense now. It’s horrible to think it, but from Wilfred’s description of the fight in the bedroom, and the traces of blood, I imagine Wilfred’s father gave his mother the same treatment Bruno gave me.
No wonder the baby was premature. A miscarriage is nothing to be ashamed of, but a baby conceived by a stranger would explain why its little body was hidden down the well, no matter how it died.
Clearly Wilfred hasn’t worked out about the dates, and I hope he never does. The man has been through enough in his life, without coming up with such a disturbing conclusion. I’m also hoping Ben doesn’t try working things out. That’s what happens when there are so many records available on the internet. People investigating their family history are often in for shocks, especially with DNA testing.
The police carried out their own search in the well in case it contained other bodies. It didn’t, but they did find bits of broken pots that must have been dropped in there while collecting water in the past, and two toy lead soldiers missing most of their paint. Wilfred says he’s keeping them. Apart from that, they found nothing of interest, and certainly no evidence of any crime.
My parents came over for a few days, and stayed at one of the more upmarket hotels. They’ve got money, and wouldn’t have been seen dead in the Railway Hotel. By the time they left they realised that any new relationship with Bruno would be an absolute nonstarter.
I’m relieved to say that Bruno was quickly tracked down by the police, and he returned to Poland with my parents, after being given a warning for trying to incriminate members of the public ‒ that’s me and Abi ‒ by falsely pretending to be in anaphylactic shock.
It seems Bruno is genuinely ill, quite seriously, with liver failure. I’m putting it down to years of consumption of alcohol. My mother puts the blame for Bruno’s drinking and behaviour on me, for running back to England and leaving him devastated. I told her that Bruno’s excessive drinking and violence were the reason I left!
Anyway, as far as I can gather, Bruno’s responding well to treatment. But his performance on the floor in my apartment was just an act ‒ albeit a convincing one. He had brought the sesame seed powder with him from Poland, so his attempt to get me accused of attempted murder was premeditated Hardly the act of a loving, caring man who wanted to renew the relationship.
He’s promised not to return to England. Even so, Danny is going through the process of getting a restraining order, in case he changes his mind and grabs me again in a bear hug in the doorway one dark, wet and windy night.
It was my mother who gave Bruno my English address in the first place, because, in her words, “It would do you good, Yanika, to get back together again with such a lovely man.” As if! She said she didn’t let me know Bruno was coming, because she wanted it to be a surprise. Well, she certainly got her wish there.
Out of interest, I looked up Humphrey Broxburn’s London art gallery on the internet yesterday, and he’s still trading. It seems that Piers Pillinger has been telling me the truth, which means the police didn’t get involved in whatever had been happening with that picture of the two birds and the exquisite leaf. No doubt lots of deals like that are done discreetly.
For all I know, the owner who claimed it was his, had acquired it illegally, anyway. I gather that a lot of shady deals and secret agreements go on behind closed doors in the world of fine art. I still have some doubts about Piers Pillinger, but as long as Danny says he’s okay, that has to be good enough for me.
And now the bad news. Courtney Jacobs came with Detective Inspector Roger Dickinson this afternoon. They insisted on seeing me in my apartment, rather than in Button Up. So I knew they were here about something serious.
Roger Dickinson has just informed me that Gerry the Taff has been found dead in suspicious circumstances, so I have to consider myself still at risk from the gang that killed Sam. How cheerful is that!
Detective Inspector Dickinson sent his family to the far north of Scotland as soon as Sam was murdered, in case they were threatened with harm unless he backed off on the investigation. He says he’s taking early retirement and moving up north to be with them, as they are too precious to him to put their lives at risk.
There is some good news. I now have a brand new laptop with an updated operating system and antivirus protection. Toby Walton set everything up for me. I insisted it must be purely on a business basis, of course. He set a much more secure login password that I can hopefully remember, and stepped up the encryption on all my files. He also managed to download drivers for my printer and scanner without me needing to buy new stuff.
There’s something rather special about Toby, although he’s not the reason I’ve decided to go to Abi’s church again next Sunday.

THE END
Return to Table of Contents

The Abi Button Book Series

Tall Men and Strangers is the first Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abigail (Abi) Button is thirty-one, and in spite of kissing a few frogs she has yet to find her prince. On the lookout for a tall, dark stranger (but not too strange) she realises he has been living locally all the time. It’s just that she has not really noticed Jack Thornley until she meets him in her road late one evening, standing by an emergency ambulance.
Abi’s elderly neighbour is Ivy Smith, and she’s ninety-one. She gives Abi a small silver key, telling her to keep it secret from her nephew Jack who is helping to care for her. What the key opens, Abi has no idea.
Ivy worries that she hears someone moving around her house at night, when she should be alone. Abi tries to reassure her by saying it’s only the old house settling at night, or noisy neighbours, but Ivy Smith is unconvinced. Soon Abi is unconvinced, too.
As Abi’s friendship with Jack develops, he invites her to his local church where she meets Danny Wells. Much to her embarrassment she remembers kissing Danny at school. Old memories start to surface, threatening to put the relationship with Jack in jeopardy.
A cozy mystery romance taking place in a small English town, told by Abi Button.

Poetry and Mayhem is the second Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi Button gets involved with the lazy nephews and nieces of their elderly uncle who lived in the creepy house at the far end of her road. Isaac Whittard Magritte Newton, to give him his full name, has set a cryptic clue in his will for the siblings to solve. The will says the first nephew or niece who can solve the clue is going to be extremely wealthy, but the puzzle seems unbreakable. The old man once set crossword puzzles for two of the national newspapers, and other puzzles for various magazines. Abi, with her modest skills in cryptic crosswords, has to admit defeat.
Also on Abi’s mind, perhaps as a matter of greater importance than solving the clue that will help four squabbling siblings, is her developing friendship with junior solicitor Danny Wells. She wonders if she has at last found the right man. Melanie Upton ‒ Abi’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ assures Abi that this one is definitely a keeper. But as Abi points out, Melanie says the same thing about every man Abi gets to know.

Cake and Calamity, the third Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
“Organising a wedding is a piece of cake,” to quote Abigail (Abi) Button. She could be right, because a local wedding shop provides the whole service: bridal gowns, venue, cake, food, cars ... everything that makes the perfect wedding. Apart from husbands!
Meanwhile, Melanie Upton ‒ Abi Button’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ confides in Abi that romance is in the air with an Italian property investor called Romero Rocco. Can it be true?
Abi’s new friend and neighbour is also getting married. She now owns the house Abi calls Creepy Mansion. She says getting a builder to restore the old house should also be a simple matter. So with a joint wedding planned for Abi and her new friend, Abi asks, “What can possibly go wrong?”
A cozy mystery romance taking place in the small English town of Craidlea, told by Abi Button.

Ghouls and Jewels, the fourth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi returns from her honeymoon to find a threatening letter on the doormat. Her new friend Alice says her sister and brothers are claiming she’s secretly in possession of a priceless Russian tiara and associated jewels, and they insist on having their share ‒ and they are already arranging to take her to court.
This is news to Alice, so Abi and Alice, with their new husbands set out to search the creepy old house that Alice has recently purchased.
A neighbour says she has heard wailing coming from the house, and Abi’s childhood fear that the house is haunted seems to be confirmed when she sees a woman’s face staring out between the bars of a basement window at night.
The search for the Russian treasure leads to an unpleasant encounter with a dominating father and aunt. More problems for Abi to solve, in between running Button Up coffee shop with her co-owner Melanie Upton, who has romantic news to share. This time it sounds as though it could be promising ‒ with just one small drawback.

Doughnuts and Disaster, the fifth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
It’s late February and the area is experiencing an unexpected cold snap with snow. Liam, Steve Donovan’s eight-year-old son, is staying with Abi while Steve and Melanie are on their honeymoon.
Abi is concerned when single mum Bethany reports a man wearing a long raincoat, hanging around the local play area taking photographs. Bethany is afraid that her father and disagreeable Aunt Erica have sent him to spy on her, with a view to snatching baby Freddie. Abi thinks there are two men watching. Why two?
Young Liam is clearly upset by all the changes in his life, and Abi tries to win his confidence with jam donuts. Abi warns Liam and his friends to keep away from the deep pond in the woods, because the ice is too thin to walk on. But Liam is on the hunt for Bigfoot, convinced he lives somewhere amongst the trees.
Bethany’s friendship with Harry the builder seems to be turning into a romance, maybe even a wedding ‒ if Bethany’s father and Aunt Erica can be kept away. Pete and Hayley also wonder if this is a good opportunity to discuss marriage!
A cozy mystery romance taking place in the small English town of Craidlea, told by Abi Button.

Apple Pie and Follies, the sixth and final Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance. 
Alice and Rupert Forrester have just moved into the house Abi used to call Creepy Castle. The basement apartment will soon be ready for newlywed Bethany and Harry with baby Freddie. Alice finds an old map of the area in the college library, which leads to some exciting discoveries.
Some items donated to the local cat charity cause serious problems for Abi and Danny, with Danny locked in a police cell and suspended from work at lawyers Branks, Davis & Waters, and Abi taken in for questioning. Meanwhile, life at Button Up coffee shop proceeds in the usual way ‒ a way that is often far from normal.

Button Up Detective Agency
The Button Up spin-off Series

Clocks Locks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #1
When Janika Jones’ husband is found dead, his death is initially assumed to be suicide. Sam Jones was a detective with the local CID, and Janika is determined to prove he was murdered. Realising she has detective skills of her own, she trains to be a private investigator, and sets up an office above the Button Up coffee shop owned by Abi Wells, a girl she knew at school as Abi Button.
Calling her business the Button Up Detective Agency, Janika sets out to find her own cases to investigate, having been warned by the police not to investigate her husband’s murder. But that’s something she can’t resist when the opportunity arises. When things turn nasty, who can she trust?
Told by Janika Jones, this is a slightly darker cozy mystery spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Hugs Bugs and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #2
This book..

Shoes Clues and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #3
When Janika Jones started the Button Up Detective Agency, she was reluctant to get involved in matrimonial problems. However, a desperate call from a woman whose life could be in danger convinces Janika that she needs to take action, urgently.
Meanwhile, Piers Pillinger wants Janika to carry out another job involving Humphrey Broxburn, the owner of a West End art gallery. Piers assures Janika that she is in no danger and she can trust Humphrey absolutely, but when she is bundled into a blacked out vehicle in the centre of London, she wonders who has been deceiving who.
A major theft from the Mill Lane Garage where Rupert Forrester works makes suspicion fall on Rupert who was last to leave and should have locked up and set the alarm. But did he forget? Janika gets assistance from Toby Walton as she tries to track down the thief and put Rupert in the clear. As Janika says about Toby, “He’s not really my boyfriend.” But Abi and Alice have other ideas.
Told by Janika Jones, this is the third slightly darker spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Kicks Tricks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #4
Janika Jones’ early morning jog round the park, and her interview on local TV, lead to unexpected danger. Meanwhile, her relationship with Toby Walton proceeds well, until he shares more of his past life. Janika is concerned there may be a side to Toby that she hadn’t suspected, and she starts to feel uneasy. An elderly lady is being targeted by a conman, and Janika perhaps unwisely tells the lady to hand over the money as evidence of a crime. Young Liam Donovan goes with Janika on a stakeout as mother and son, with Janika wearing a ginger wig to avoid suspicion. She assures Melanie the boy will be completely safe. But at the crucial moment, Liam decides he’s going to be a hero. And of course the celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika and Courtney Jacobs doesn’t go at all as planned. This is the fourth Button Up Detective Agency book featuring Janika Jones, and some characters from the Abi Button Cozy Mystery series of six books.

Cards Shards and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #5
A second attempt to hold the previously abandoned celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika, Toby, Courtney and Ollie ends once again in catastrophe. There are accusations all round, but who is innocent and who is being set up? Janika wants to help sort out the innocent from the guilty, because she’s about to be arrested for a crime she didn’t commit. And Courtney is suspended from the CID.
Amabelia Flores, who is opening a small flower shop just up the road from Button Up, is suspected of giving false evidence about Janika to the police. But why would she do that? What harm has Janika done to her? And when Janika looks into the florist’s background, she discovers a suspicious past ‒ or is there something important that she has yet to discover?
Janika and Courtney hold their own investigation into the accusations which are the subject of two separate police enquiries, and try to find the connection. Toby Walton? Fortunately for Janika, he’s still hanging in there ‒ for now. Then their investigation takes them all to the edge of disaster.

Phones Bones and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #6
Coming spring 2022
When Daisy Evans, a.k.a. Amabelia (Bella) Flores gets the result of a DNA test she has done in an attempt to discover her unknown father, things don’t work out well, and she risks losing her new florist business. Bella asks Janika Jones to investigate, and the result is something neither of them expected.
Janika is also investigating aliens who are apparently landing at night in the field behind Nigel Frampton’s house. Unsurprisingly, the police show no interest at all, so Nigel hires Janika to set up a surveillance camera. Janika has to hope no one finds out what she’s doing, or she will become a laughing stock. However, it turns out that the job is far from laughable, and there’s serious danger involved.
Piers Pillinger wants to make use of Janika’s photographic skills again, and assures her this is a perfectly straightforward job at his own home. Nothing can possibly go wrong ‒ and Janika believes him!
Toby Walton? Well....

<><><><>

White Tree Publishing publishes mainstream evangelical Christian literature in paperback and eBook formats, for people of all ages. We aim to make our eBooks available free for all eBook devices, but some distributors will only list our books free at their discretion, and may make a small charge for some titles ‒ but they are still great value!
We rely on our readers to tell their families, friends and churches about our books. Social media is a great way of doing this. Take a look at our range of fiction and non-fiction books and pass the word on. You can even contact your Christian TV or radio station to let them know about these books. Also, please write a positive review if you are able.
Check out our website to find over 200 fiction and non-fiction books, including a range of books for younger readers. The majority of our fiction books are Victorian romances carefully and lovingly edited and abridged for readers today.

https://whitetreepublishing.com

Return to Table of Contents


