


About the Book

Janika Jones’ early morning jog round the park, and her interview on local TV, lead to unexpected danger. Meanwhile, her relationship with Toby Walton proceeds well, until he shares more of his past life. Janika is concerned there may be a side to Toby that she hadn’t suspected, and she starts to feel uneasy. An elderly lady is being targeted by a conman, and Janika perhaps unwisely tells the lady to hand over the money as evidence of a crime. Young Liam Donovan goes with Janika on a stakeout as mother and son, with Janika wearing a ginger wig to avoid suspicion. She assures Melanie the boy will be completely safe. But at the crucial moment, Liam decides he’s going to be a hero. And of course the celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika and Courtney Jacobs doesn’t go at all as planned. This is the fourth Button Up Detective Agency book featuring Janika Jones, and some characters from the Abi Button Cozy Mystery series of six books.

Kicks Tricks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #4
by
Lizzie Lewis ©2021
This eBook ISBN: 978-1-913950-55-2
Also available as a paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-913950-56-9
Published by
White Tree Publishing
Bristol
UNITED KINGDOM
wtpbristol@gmail.com
Full list of books and updates on
https://whitetreepublishing.com

Kicks Tricks and Danger is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this abridged edition.

Table of Contents

Cover
About the Book
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Epilogue
The Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance Series
The Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery Series
About White Tree Publishing




Kicks Tricks and Danger

Chapter 1

I think I’ve made a mistake in coming this early on a wet Monday morning. My hair is soaked, my top is damp, and my trainers are squelching from where I ran through a puddle that was much deeper than it looked.
I’m putting the blame for this early morning run on Abi Button, now Abi Wells. She’s part owner of Button Up, the coffee shop immediately below my office and small apartment.
I’ve noticed Abi didn’t offer to run with me. I just wish I’d kept my mouth shut. It was almost a throwaway line when I said I’d better not have a delicious apple Danish, because I felt I was putting on a bit of weight.
Abi, bless her, suggested I have a pastry and a large coffee every morning, and take up jogging to make up for it. Well, it seemed a good idea at the time, and rather foolishly I agreed. Now I’m regretting it, and I’ve only been doing this for five days.
For the past couple of mornings I’ve got an uneasy feeling that I’m being watched. I keep turning round to make sure I’m not being followed. As a private detective, fully trained, I ought to be able to spot a tail. No, that’s not it. Someone is watching me, and I can’t work out where they are. A man? A woman? If I knew, I would challenge them directly. The problem is, I don’t know.
I can’t believe it’s Toby Walton, my new boyfriend. He told me recently that several times he’s driven past where I live and seen the lights on. It didn’t seem creepy at the time, and I can’t really believe he’s a stalker. But it does sound a bit teenager-ish. Well, if I do spot him hiding in the bushes, I guess it’s goodbye Toby – and goodbye love.
What really concerns me is that the invisible watcher might be connected to the drugs gang that killed my husband Sam back in Brevelstone. Soon after coming here to Craidlea I had an unpleasant experience when a member of the gang tried to kill me and Detective Inspector Roger Dickinson ‒ actually in my living quarters. The bullet holes in the door at the top of the stairs are there as a timely reminder of the threat I might be still facing.
And that reminds me. The local TV station is planning to interview me next Tuesday afternoon in my own property. They want to broadcast the interview on Wednesday next week, in their regular slot about people in the area with interesting jobs.
They are bound to talk about the bullet holes. I think that may be the main reason they’re coming. I guess not many businesses have a door with three bullet holes in it.
Not that I want to say much about them. As a friendly private investigator, I’m after much more gentle clients than people who would be attracted by the thought of being attacked by a mad gunman while they are talking in my office.
On the plus side, I think my lovely antique mahogany desk would protect them if they hid behind it if someone with a gun started hammering on the outside door, demanding to be let in.
I turn round again, quickly. Someone is watching me from somewhere, I’m convinced of it. Whoever they are, they are obviously too smart to be spotted. There’s a man ahead of me walking a small white terrier, but he’s not turned round once.
I look to see if there’s any movement in the bushes that surround the small park. Nothing. The man has gone now, hurrying through the archway in the high stone wall that leads to an alternative way back to Button Up. He seemed in a hurry. Obviously the rain has the same effect on him and the dog as it does on me.
Water is now dripping from my hair into my eyes and onto my nose. Definitely time to hurry back – back to a pastry and a cup of delicious Button Up coffee. After I’ve changed and had a shower, of course.
Note to self: Make sure you get your hair sorted professionally for the interview on Tuesday next week. You need to look smart and efficient. Also, make sure your black business suit is clean, and you select the jacket that’s not yet too tight round the waist.
Oh, blow all that! Button Up awaits.
Fifteen minutes later I’m dry and warm, my hair in a bit of a mess, sitting in the coffee shop at the small table permanently reserved for family and friends. If anyone rings my doorbell, wanting to avail themselves of my detective business, I can nip out and meet them.
Personal callers are few and far between. Now I come to think of it, even phone calls are a bit rare. I came here with a generous payout for Sam’s death as a serving detective in the Brevelstone CID, plus his life insurance, plus a regular monthly payment. So it’s not that important if business is slow to pick up, although most of the clients I get are so needy that I feel obliged to do the work pro bono. I must be a big softy.
Abi comes across with my large cappuccino and apple Danish. Her business partner Melanie Donovan is behind the service counter, and all the staff are wearing the traditional Button Up black and cream striped jackets with the Button Up logo.
Melanie and Pete Wilders, the young student who helps in the daytime, are well able to give the assistance needed.
When I first got here, I wondered how Button Up got its name. I recognised Abi straight away. I’d known her as Abi Button at school, and discovered she was now married to Danny Wells. Melanie Donovan was Melanie Upton when Abi and Melanie started the business here, so the name of the coffee shop made sense.
Abi sits down by me, looks me full in the face and grins. “So how’s your love life going with Toby Walton?”
I don’t mean to hesitate, and surely my slight delay before answering wouldn’t have been picked up by anyone but Abi, but she’s straight onto it.
“Problems?”
Some people think Abi is nosy. I suppose she is in a way, but it’s not intrusive nosiness. She genuinely wants to help, and has a gift for spotting trouble a mile off.
“Okay,” I say, shrugging in what I hope is a casual way.
It clearly isn’t casual enough. “I don’t mean to intrude, Janika, but I couldn’t help noticing Toby didn’t hang around for coffee after church yesterday.”
I sometimes think I should enrol Abi as my assistant detective, but it seems I can get all the help I need for free. Well, for the price of coffee and an apple Danish.
“So, problems?” She’s not giving up.
I try to hide my face behind the large cup of cappuccino as I take a sip. “I don’t know, Abi. I really don’t know. I think he might be cooling off.”
There, I’ve said it. Actually, I feel better for having shared my concerns. Toby Walton and I have only been going out together for a short time, so we don’t really count as an item. It’s just that I got the feeling Toby was keen on me, and we had the promise of a good relationship.
Perhaps he regards me as damaged goods. I had a terrible time with Bruno Kamiński in Poland. He was controlling and violent, punching me and sometimes kicking me. And when he hit me so hard in the stomach that I lost the baby after five months pregnancy, I’d had enough and returned here alone to Craidlea where I’d grown up.
If my parents had supported me I would probably have stayed in Poland, but they took Bruno’s side. My mother assured me that once we married, Bruno would settle down and be a loving husband.
As if!
Sam was so different. I met him in Brevelstone soon after I returned from Poland. We married, and although we struggled financially, we had a great marriage going. That was when my name changed from Janika Bartol to Janika Jones, and pronounced Janika with a J, not with a Y. All was going well until Sam was murdered by the drugs gang the Brevelstone CID were investigating. Still are investigating.
Abi and her friends persuaded me to go to their local church, and I have to admit that Toby Walton was the main attraction for going the second Sunday. He’s even been out with me on a surveillance job, and as he’s an insurance investigator he’s suggested that he might be able to get me some business.
Up to now, he hasn’t been able to get me any investigative work. Perhaps he’s embarrassed about that, and has decided not to get involved with me.
“What do you think, Abi?” I say. “Do you think Toby has lost interest in me? It was you and Alice Forrester who did your best to fix us up together. Has Toby said anything to either of you?”
Abi lays a hand gently on mine. I’m now hugging the cup on the table for warmth. Well, I need cheering up, and the hot cup and Abi’s hand are exactly what I need this morning.
“It’s embarrassing,” I say. “My friend Courtney Jacobs from Brevelstone CID has fixed up a meal at Parke’s on Friday to celebrate her promotion to detective sergeant. She’s invited her fiancé Ollie, and she knows I’ve invited Toby. So I don’t see how I can get out of it. Unless Toby refuses point blank to go with me.
“I’m sure you’re imagining things,” Abi says. “It’s very early in the relationship, and maybe Toby doesn’t want to rush into things.”
“Problems?”
I turn and notice Pete Wilders standing behind me. That young lad is all ears. He’s come across to clean the table closest to ours. Some customers can leave the table in a mess, and this one is no exception.
“Go and clean the toilet,” Abi says firmly. “I’ll see to the tables.”
Pete rolls his eyes and goes back behind the counter to help Melanie with an order for two cheese and ham toasties. It’s surprising what some people will eat this early in the morning. I’ve only been poking around at my apple Danish. I suppose it’s good that Abi has clarified in my mind that there could be a problem with Toby.
“I don’t know anything about him,” I say. “You’ve lived here all your life, Abi. Has he had a string of failed relationships? It’s not something I can ask him, obviously.”
Abi stays with me, making no attempt to clear any of the tables. I think she was joking with Pete, because that’s one of her regular retorts when Pete is trying to listen to confidential discussions. Either that, or she tells him to go and tidy the stockroom.
“I don’t know anything about Toby,” Abi says. “He appeared about eighteen months ago. I don’t think he’s local. I did overhear someone saying he was once engaged. That’s all I know. You need to ask him about it.”
I’m a bit taken aback. I’d imagined that Abi had tried to get us together because she knew Toby’s full background, and that he was safe and reliable. Perhaps it’s a good thing he’s cooling. Assuming he is.
Maybe that’s what I want, too.

Chapter 2

The timing is perfect. My phone rings just as I wipe my mouth of the final crumbs of my apple Danish. I’ve been wondering whether to have a second cappuccino, which won’t be good for me this early. If all goes to plan, I’ll be having my second one after lunch. Well, not a cappuccino. Most likely an Americano.
I don’t recognise the number. “Button Up Detective Agency. Janika Jones speaking. How can I help you?”
There’s a long silence. I hope this isn’t some time waster telling me they’ve heard I’ve been involved in an accident that wasn’t my fault, or I’m about to be arrested for non-payment of income tax if I don’t give the caller my card details immediately. One of those stupid nuisance calls.
I’m about to end the call when a rather frail voice, probably an elderly woman, says she think she’s done a very silly thing. So far, so good. This seems to be genuine. Well, good for me. Maybe not so good for the owner of the frail voice.
“Can you tell me about it now, Ms ...?”
“I need to talk to someone. Will it cost a lot of money if I come round to your office this morning?”
Yet another pro bono job. “It won’t cost you anything to tell me what’s happened. Maybe it’s best if I come to see you. I’m assuming you’re local. Let me have your name and address.”
The caller says she’s Felicity Hemsworth, and she lives on the edge of Craidlea on the road to the reservoir. In that case, I know more or less where her house is.
“I can come straight away. You sound very upset, Ms Hemsworth. Whatever it is that’s happened, don’t do anything more until I arrive. I’m on my way.”
Abi is back behind the service counter making a thick milkshake for a young man who must be after a sugar fix so early in the day.
“A new client?” Abi doesn’t miss a trick.
“Buckingham Palace,” I say. “Someone has been looting the Royal Treasury.”
Abi just rolls her eyes, but for a moment the young man opens his mouth as though he believes me. But he stays silent.
I always park my Nissan Micra round the back of the coffee shop where there are two parking places – one for me and one for Melanie Donovan. It was the offer of a parking place as well as a pleasant office with attached living accommodation that appealed to me when I first came to look at the property.
Craidlea is only small, much smaller than Brevelstone, but in the centre where I work there are lots of yellow lines which indicate limited parking. You’d think a small town like this would be anxious to attract shoppers, but at least I can leave my car behind Button Up day and night without having to keep moving it, or paying for a public car park.
It seems strange to see my little Micra without the damaged passenger door. Abi’s friend Rupert Forrester, Alice’s husband, fixed it for me at the Old Mill Garage where he works.
Unfortunately, he had to polish the car to match the new paint on the recycled door, so the car looks a bit new. I preferred it with its slightly dull, unnoticeable dark silver grey that allowed me to drive around almost unobserved.
I guess it will soon dull down if I don’t polish it, or even clean it very often. I have to admit that even a shiny Nissan Micra that is several years old is a lot less noticeable and memorable than one with a bashed in passenger door and a long, rusty scrape down the side, the result of a careless manoeuvre by an unidentified driver.
My key ring not only has my car key on it, but the comic representation of Sherlock Holmes that Liam presented me with when I first moved here. Yes, that boy certainly seems extremely interested in detective work, and I will always treasure that key ring.
Miss Felicity Hemsworth lives in a small cottage set back from the road that leads out of town towards the reservoir and its associated beauty spots and parking area. Somehow, I always expect my elderly clients to be short of money. Looking at the outside of the Hemsworth abode, I’ve been wrong. Everything looks well cared for.
There’s a parking place in front of the cottage which is occupied by a large white Hyundai. It’s only a year old, so if it belongs to Miss Hemsworth, maybe she isn’t that old after all, and there’s a chance of a fee. It could be a wealthy widow who can’t wait to spend her money on someone who is prepared to help her.
I can see that the garden is obviously well looked after as I walk down the front path. A porch covers the front door, which opens before I reach it. A concerned man looks me up and down. I’m guessing this isn’t Felicity Hemsworth.
“I’m Dr Crouch,” he says. “And you are...?”
“Janika Jones,” I say. “I’m a private detective. Miss Hemsworth has just phoned me and asked me to call. Are you a medical doctor?”
He nods. “You’d better come in. I’ve just administered a small sedative to Ms Hemsworth. She’s really upset.”
“Maybe I should come back.”
He smiles as he shakes his head. The doctor seems fairly friendly. At least, I’m assuming he really is a doctor, and not someone who’s come here to silence Miss Hemsworth for ever, in order to get hold of her money.
No, of course not. This sort of thing doesn’t really happen. Well, it might in Abi Button’s fertile imagination. I’ve got to know Abi quite well since I moved here, and I’ve grown used to her weird way of sometimes thinking out loud.
“I told Miss Hemsworth she should have phoned the police, but she wants to be spared the embarrassment.” Dr Crouch points towards the front door to the small cottage.
I’m nearly five foot four, and the doorway seems to have been built for people no taller than me. Dr Crouch has to crouch so as not to knock his head. He’s a good six foot. Naturally, I don’t point out how his name matches his action. I don’t think even Abi would do that, although I’m sure she might be tempted!
Felicity Hemsworth is sitting in an upright armchair. The room feels on the chilly side, and the fire isn’t lit. And I can’t see any radiators. The elderly lady looks sad where she’s sitting, wrapped in a cream coloured shawl.
When I introduce myself she smiles at me with slightly sleepy eyes. I guess that’s the sedative. “I’m so glad you could come,” she says in the same frail voice she was using on the phone less than a quarter of an hour ago.
“I told Miss Hemsworth she should have contacted the local police,” Dr Crouch says in a rather severe tone of voice. “But she says she feels foolish, and doesn’t want them to know.”
It looks as though Dr Crouch is intending to stay, so he is presumably in on the reason for me being here. First, I need to make sure that the man is indeed Felicity Hemsworth’s medical doctor. There’s nothing like being cautious.
“Doctor Crouch, did Miss Hemsworth call you, or were you calling anyway?”
As I ask the question, I’m looking at the elderly lady, not the doctor. I can’t very well ask her directly, but I should be able to gauge something from her reaction to my question.
“I’m here on one of my regular rounds,” the doctor says. “A weekly check-up.”
Felicity Hemsworth nods as though giving confirmation. So far, so good. At least we’re not both about to be murdered by a psychopathic intruder, or even attacked by a common or garden conman who just happened to be here when I called.
“So what’s the problem?” I ask, glancing from Miss Hemsworth to the doctor, then back again to the elderly lady.
“Cancer,” she says in an unsteady voice. “I’m supposed to be in remission. Isn’t that so, Doctor?”
I’m about to explain to Miss Hemsworth that I mean the problem that has got me here. I don’t want to know any medical details, but it would be rude to point out her mistake.
“My sister died three weeks ago,” she says, her voice breaking. She clears her throat. “I think it set me back a lot, and Dr Crouch is concerned for me. He’s my regular GP and knows all about me.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” I say, trying to put some meaning into my words. It must be tough to lose a sister at any time, and perhaps it’s no easier when you’re old than when you’re young. Not that I’ve ever had a brother or sister.
“And the man who came to see me says my sister owed a lot of money, and as I’m the next of kin I’m legally responsible.”
I deliberately look at Dr Crouch in order to judge his reaction. He would be the one to ask if Miss Hemsworth is of sound mind. But I can’t ask in front of her, and she certainly sounds on the ball.
“When was this?” I ask him. I’m more likely to get a straightforward answer from the doctor.
“Ms Hemsworth told the practice nurse yesterday, when she was here to change her dressing. She informed me about it this morning, and I felt I ought to come here to see what was going on. The nurse said that Miss Hemsworth was concerned by the prospect of having to pay a large debt.”
“And did her sister really owe the money?” I ask. This could definitely be a con trick. There are some rotten fraudsters about taking advantage of the elderly.
“I told Miss Hemsworth to contact the local police,” Dr Crouch repeats. “But as I said, she doesn’t want anything made public. Of course, I’ve assured her that the police will treat everything in confidence, but she’s not convinced. I’ve heard good things about you, Ms Jones, and I suggested she gave you a phone call.”
Good things about me? Wow, glad to hear that. “I’ll try and help if I can. First of all, Miss Hemsworth, did the caller show you any evidence that your sister owed money?”
The shrunken grey-haired figure half concealed by the cream wrap shakes her head. “Annie was younger than me. Her husband died five years ago, and I’m sure she never owed anyone a single penny. We were brought up never to be in debt, no matter how hard times were. That’s why I was suspicious, and I told him I wanted proof.”
“And what did he say to that, Felicity? May I call you Felicity?”
“If you like, Mrs Jones. He said he’s coming back on Wednesday with proof.” She looks at me, almost apologetically. “He was ever so nice about it. He wants to make things as easy as possible for me to repay my sister’s debt. He said he will come once a month to collect the money. I don’t have to repay it all at once.”
“Did you believe him?” I ask, expecting a firm no.
“Well, I suppose it could be true. I really shouldn’t be telling you this. He said if I tell anyone it would bring shame on my sister and tarnish her memory. Please keep it to yourself.”
“He’s a confidence trickster, Felicity,” I say firmly. “I hope you never see him again.”
Well, that’s my hope, but it’s not at all likely. The man seems to have got his foot well inside the door. Someone like that is not giving up easily.
Dr Crouch looks at me in surprise. “Perhaps we should go outside and talk,” he says, sounding rather annoyed.
Felicity Hemsworth half nods her approval, and we go out into the surprisingly large back garden. There are vegetable beds beyond the well cut grass and carefully tended flower borders, and everything seems to be in good order. I can’t believe Miss Hemsworth has been doing all this herself.
“Ms Jones ––––” the doctor starts to say.
“Mrs Jones,” I correct him, pointing to the wedding ring on my left hand. Sam gave me that, and I intend to wear it even though I’m now a widow.
“Mrs Jones,” the doctor continues unabashed, “you surely don’t believe the man will come back, do you? I thought you’re a private investigator?”
He makes it sound a question, as though he’s suddenly doubting my credentials. “Oh, he’ll be back, I’m sure,” I say. “It’s just that I don’t want to alarm Miss Hemsworth. You’re right, she should contact the local constabulary. If she can give a description of the man, they might know exactly who he is.”
The doctor raises his eyebrows and smiles. I seem to have set his mind at rest with my response. “But you heard her, Mrs Jones. She’s adamant. That’s the only reason she called you.”
I don’t think he means to imply that I’m the last resort, and I need to act professionally. “Are you aware, Dr Crouch, of Miss Hemsworth’s financial position? Does she have enough money for a conman to seek her out as a potential mark?”
Dr Crouch smiles. “That, Mrs Jones, is a question I’m sure that you realise I am unable to answer for reasons of patient confidentiality.” He thinks for a moment. “But if you see the lovely condition of this garden, and notice how well kept the cottage is inside and out, you may draw your own conclusions as to whether she’s living on a shoestring or not. This is clearly not her own handiwork. That’s all I’m prepared to say.”
I nod. I understand exactly what he’s saying. “Does she know what time the man is coming back on Wednesday?”
Dr Crouch shakes his head. “Sorry. Apparently he didn’t say. Or if he did, Ms Hemsworth didn’t take it in. What do you have in mind?”
“Let me put it this way, doctor. I can come here for the day on Wednesday. But if the conman doesn’t come this Wednesday, and I have to stay with Miss Hemsworth again, would she expect me to charge my normal daily rate?”
“Perhaps he won’t turn up, and she’ll never see him again,” Dr Crouch says.
I shake my head. “You’re wrong there, doctor. I know about these people. He thinks Miss Hemsworth is a golden goose to pluck. He’ll be back for sure.”

Chapter 3

I’ve only just gone back inside the cottage when my phone rings. It’s in my bag, and I can see Toby’s name on the screen. I glance at Miss Hemsworth as though getting her permission to answer it, and go outside into the front garden.
“Yes?” I say, rather more abruptly than intended.
“We need to talk, Janika.”
This doesn’t seem promising, judging by Toby’s tone of voice. This sounds like something very formal. Like I’m about to be dumped. Well, if this relationship isn’t going anywhere, now is the time to find out.
“Can we meet today. Lunchtime, Janika?” Toby says. His voice sounds brittle, if any voice can sound brittle. Shaky perhaps. Nervous. Yes, that’s it. Nervous.
“What’s it about, Toby?” I hope my voice sounds firmer than his. If he’s going to dump me, I want to come out of this in charge of the situation.
“I think we’ve got a serious problem, Janika. Let’s not go into it now.”
I have to think for a moment. If we’re going to meet, it needs to be on neutral ground. I don’t want Toby in my apartment again, if this is the end. Anyway, he’s only been inside once, and that was with Abi and her husband Danny present. It was almost as if he was embarrassed to be in my bedsit without a chaperone!
“Button Up is a possibility,” I say. “But I guess what you want to say is confidential, and the coffee shop has nowhere to speak in confidence. How about the small park at the end of the road?”
I’m about to add that he will probably know it well, if he’s the one who’s been spying on me while I go jogging. Not that I have any good reason to believe it’s Toby. Indeed, I have no good reason to believe anyone is spying on me. I’m the first to admit that my imagination sometimes plays tricks on me.
“Is half twelve okay?” Toby says.
“Fine with me. You have to excuse me now, Toby. I’m with a client at the moment, but I’m going back into town soon. See you at the park twelve thirty.”
As I end the call, I realise I’m being a bit presumptuous in calling Felicity Hemsworth a client. I haven’t discussed the possibility of staying with her in the daytime. Come to think of it, we haven’t even discussed my daily fee.
The doctor says he has to be going, and he’s leaving things in my hands. But he’s obviously concerned for Miss Hemsworth’s well-being, because he gives me his card and asks me to keep him fully informed. All I have to do is to ring the surgery receptionist, and ask for a call-back if he’s occupied.

<><><><>

I’ve not been back in my office long, when I get a phone call from Courtney Jacobs. She says she’s taking advantage of a coffee break to pass on some really exciting news.
I immediately guess what it is, but I’m not going to spoil it for her, so I say. “You’ve been promoted to detective inspector. It’s already been on the local news.”
She laughs. “I wish. No, seriously, Janika, it came as a great surprise. Ollie has been dragging his heels for some time, but last night he finally got round to dropping to one knee and looking me straight in the eyes.”
I’m right. I give a squeal of delight, and say, “Good for you, girl. I’m so excited for you. I’m sure you and Ollie will make a great team.” I suddenly bite my lip. “I take it Ollie proposed, Courtney. He wasn’t down on one knee to interfere with your clothing!”
“Presenting me with the ring. It’s a bit too large. We’re going to get it resized next week, but I’m certainly wearing it to Parke’s on Friday as it is. So when we all meet up to celebrate my promotion to detective sergeant, it will now be an extra celebration of our engagement.” I can hear her giggling. “Perhaps Toby will get the hint and propose to you in the restaurant.”
Perhaps Toby won’t even be coming with me. But I’m not going to detract from Courtney’s excitement. I can let her know after tonight if I’m going to be there on my own.
Of course, I could always take young Liam Donovan, Melanie Donovan’s nine-year-old ginger-haired stepson. He’s already an expert magician, and will keep everyone in the whole restaurant entertained. Guaranteed. And I wouldn’t put it past him to pass the hat round after his performance.
No, this is nothing to laugh about. Well, relationships come and go. Fortunately, my relationship with Bruno Kamiński went, although not soon enough. My relationship with Sam blossomed into a lovely marriage, but it lasted just over two years before his untimely death. Maybe I’m fated never to have a long and loving relationship with a man. Oh, stop feeling sorry for yourself, Janika!
All I say to Courtney is, “Although we’ve chatted after church, Toby and I have only been going out on dates for a few weeks. I’ll tell him about you and Ollie. I know he’ll be excited for you both.”
“And tell him I hope you and he are going to be next.”
“I––––”
“Just joking, Janika. Anyway, it will be good to see you both.”
I nod, and end the call. I don’t feel hungry enough to go down to Button Up to fill in the time. Anyway, Abi Button is sure to notice my lack of appetite, and be suspicious. No, of course she is no longer Abi Button. That’s the name I knew her by at school. She’s Abi Wells now, married to Danny.
At the moment I’m feeling vulnerable, and will probably pour out all my emotions if Abi comes over and puts a hand on my shoulder. Better to stay well away from the coffee shop, although I will probably welcome Abi’s touch when I come to break the news that Tony has dumped me.
He said he has something serious to say to me. What could Toby possibly have to say to me that’s serious, if it’s not goodbye? I go down the stairs, set the alarm, unlock the door to the street, then shut and lock the door securely behind me. At least I know no one can get in when I’m out, or even get in during the night. I’ve gone overboard on security since moving here.
I decide to take my time walking to the park, and go into the main part of the small town. That’s where most of the shops are. Button Up is not exactly on the main route to the shops, and most of the customers come from the surrounding offices, with the early trade consisting of coffee and pastries to-go. And of course order sit-in light meals and drinks during the day. By 6 o’clock the roads around the coffee shop are deserted, and Abi and Melanie close on the dot of six.
I’m walking more slowly than usual, and suddenly realise that it’s going to be a bit of a rush to be at the park on time. I don’t want to arrive out of breath. Anyway, Toby deserves to be kept waiting. Maybe I’ll be really late, and then he’ll think I’m not coming.
No, that’s silly. We need to get this over as soon as possible.
As I enter the small park by the arched gateway in the far wall, I can see Toby sitting on a bench the other side of the grassy area, the so-called lawn. He waves to me, and it seems a friendly enough wave.
“Sit down,” he says, moving along to the far end of the bench, confirming my suspicions.
“I’m going to be absolutely blunt with you, Janika,” Toby says after taking a deep breath. “I enjoy going out with you, but....”
I knew that was coming, and almost enjoy watching the uneasy man. So I say nothing.
“...But it’s like this, Janika. I know you’re a private investigator, and you might be doing it in all innocence, just for practice. But I have to tell you, I find it all rather weird.”
“Doing what?” This isn’t going where I expected it to go.
“It’s ... well, I suppose the only word for it is stalking.”
I look at Toby in surprise. “You too?”
“Me too what?”
Toby looks genuinely puzzled. I’ve come here expecting to be dumped, and Toby is here to tell me I’ve been stalking him? “Tell me exactly what you mean,” I say.
We’re sitting at opposite ends of the park bench, and Toby makes no move to come closer to me. “For the last few days,” Toby says, looking me straight in the eyes, “I know a woman has been stalking me. I’ve only caught brief glances of her, and I assumed it was you. That’s not healthy, Janika.”
“Hey, Toby, it’s not healthy to imagine that the woman is me. Are you really that suspicious of me?”
“Well, I suppose when you put it like that––––”
“I am putting it like that. It seems you don’t trust me enough not to behave like a silly oversexed schoolgirl who....” I let my voice trail away. “If you see what I mean.”
I think I’ve embarrassed Toby, judging by the sudden flush of red on his cheeks. He takes another deep breath. “Okay, Janika, let’s both start again. If I’ve made a mistake, I really am sorry. I didn’t mean to embarrass you. So tell me, hand on heart, that you’ve not been following me around.”
I’ve had enough. I jump to my feet and start to walk away. “If you could even imagine such a thing, I don’t think we have a future together, Toby,” I call back, unable to contain my temper.
“No, Janika, wait,” Toby says, jumping to his feet. “Okay, so it’s not you. I’m sorry.”
I continue walking away, but I turn briefly and shout, “No, it’s not me. I think you’ve got it the wrong way round. You’ve got to stop spying on me when I’m out jogging in the morning!”

Chapter 4

I think they call it a lovers’ tiff, and it was over almost as soon as it began. Fortunately, there was no one in the park to witness our unseemly exchange of words. We’re back together on the bench now. Toby actually has his arm round me. And that’s just perfect. We’re even laughing about the misunderstanding.
I guess that’s what true lovers do after a spat. Sam and I did it quite often in our brief marriage, and silly arguments seemed to make the marriage stronger – as long as we could laugh about it afterwards. Usually at night, when we were cuddling up in bed together.
To help clear the air, I tell Toby about Courtney Jacob’s phone call to let me know about her engagement. I hope he doesn’t think I’m taking advantage of his moment of weakness to get him to propose to me. Even if that happens, we’re not ready for it yet, not by a long chalk. Not that I know what a long chalk is, but we’re not ready yet by a long one. A very long one.
We both now know that I’m not stalking Toby, and Toby isn’t hiding in the bushes to watch me run past. Whatever gave both of us that impression? Stupid, or what!
“So tell me about this mysterious stalker,” I say. “What does she look like?”
“I’ve only seen her at a distance,” Toby says. “It’s just that she has hair like yours.”
“You mean, a bit messy?”
“I wouldn’t call it messy,” Toby says diplomatically. “Just similar.”
“Toby,” I say deciding to sound serious, “I don’t know anything about you. Perhaps it’s someone from your past.” I glance at the ring finger on his left hand. I did that the first time we met, but I wasn’t looking this closely for the tell-tale traces left behind where a wedding ring had once been. “Abi says you’re new to the town.”
“And I don’t know much about you, Janika,” Toby counters gently. “Perhaps we ought to lay our cards on the table if we’re going to continue seeing each other.” He looks at me with what are almost puppy dog eyes. “I take it we’re going to continue seeing each other. For the record, it works for me.”
“That depends on your past,” I say, hopefully laughing sufficiently for Toby to see I’m joking. “You go first.”
Toby bites his bottom lip, deep in thought. “I was engaged once. Did you know?”
I shake my head. I’m not going to say that Abi said something about it. Instead, I say, “You’re not from around here, are you?”
“London. What about you?”
I don’t know if Toby is changing the subject deliberately, but I don’t want to push things. Not yet, anyway. “My father is Polish and my mother is English. We lived here in Craidlea until I was fifteen, when we moved to Poland.”
“Which is better. England or Poland?”
“England, I think. I was always a bit quiet when I was young, and things didn’t work out at all well for me in Poland.”
Should I tell him about Bruno and the miscarriage? Not yet. “You said you were engaged once. Was that before you came here?” I’m not going to let Toby get away with this. It’s important that I know something of his past.
“Back in London. I’ve been here less than two years. Kate was the girl next door in London. Literally next door. We grew up together and used to discuss getting married, even when we were small. But we didn’t get serious until we were in our mid twenties. That was when we stopped being just friends and fell in love.”
“But...?”
“Kate had an older sister called Paula. Paula was really protective of Kate. She had once had a disastrous relationship with a man, and she wanted to protect her younger sister. Totally irrational, and I have to admit Paula seemed a bit unstable to me. She did her best to stop us getting married. Thought I was unsuitable. Probably because I was a man!” He shrugs. “Kate didn’t agree with her. Anyway, we planned the wedding and set the date.”
“And?”
Toby seems to have clammed up. He’s just staring across the park. I turn to look where he’s staring, and all I can see is a young woman walking a dog on a very long lead.
“I know you’ve been married, Janika,” Toby says at last. “Abi told me about Sam. That’s really sad. You’ve done well to keep going after such a tragedy, and start your own business. That shows real strength of character.”
“So what happened with you and Kate?” I might as well be blunt. Clearly Toby didn’t get married.
“She died two weeks before the wedding,” he says quietly.
I wasn’t expecting that, and now I feel awful. “Oh, I’m so sorry, Toby. Really sorry. Was she ill?”
Toby shakes his head. “A hit-and-run accident. I was round at her house one evening, making final plans for the wedding. Her sister Paula was with us, still giving me an earful. I said I was going to get fish and chips for us all, but Kate said she would go. That suited me, because I wanted to have a strong word with Paula to keep well out of things and not try to spoil the wedding.”
“So Paula was still against you marrying her younger sister?”
“Very much so.” Toby glances at his watch and gets to his feet slowly. “I need to be back in the office soon. I’ll walk you back to Button Up. We can meet again this evening if you like, and we’ll find out a bit more about each other. Okay?”
I stand up and walk with him, but not holding his hand. There’s a lot to take in, and I’m still not convinced that our relationship is right. I don’t want to keep seeing Toby out of pity. He obviously loved Kate. Probably still does. Well, that’s okay. I still love Sam, and both of them are dead. Well, Sam is. I guess Toby is telling the truth about Kate. So why am I still having doubts?
We walk without speaking, out of the park along the road towards Button Up. When we reach the outside door to my office, I’m glad that Toby doesn’t try to give me a farewell kiss. I think I’ll have to tell him that I’m cooling off. But am I?
No, I tell myself, we’ve not known each other long, and it would be foolish to rush into a long-term relationship until we know more about each other. And these last couple of conversations have thrown me a bit!
“I’m sorry about the misunderstanding,” Toby says, standing back as I put my key in the first of the two high security locks. “Can I take you to Parke’s this evening to make up for it?”
“Not Parke’s,” I say. “It’s very expensive, and we’re meeting Courtney Jacobs and Ollie there on Friday evening.”
Are we? I guess it’s too late to cancel now, even if the situation with Toby is a bit frosty.
“Do you like Indian food?”
I nod. That question is proof that we don’t know each other very well yet.
“About seven thirty, if that’s okay. I’ll park behind Button Up. It’s not far to walk to the Taj Mahal, and parking might be a bit tricky there.”
Toby starts to walk away, turns and blows me a kiss, then disappears round the corner. I put my second key in the other lock, and push the door open. I’m still confused, and I need to know more about Toby. Hopefully this evening. And of course he needs to know more about me.
There’s post on the mat, which is strange. We don’t normally get a second delivery. It’s in a plain envelope, so it must have been delivered by hand. I unset the alarm, pickup the envelope, and hurry to the top of the stairs where I unlock the door that leads straight into my office.
Feeling completely secure, I tear the envelope open and read the single sheet of paper. The handwriting on it is carefully done in neat capital letters.
HAS TOBY WALTON TOLD YOU ABOUT THE CONVENIENT DEATH OF HIS FIANCE TWO WEEKS BEFORE THE WEDDING? THAT MAN IS A KILLER. YOU ARE NEXT UNLESS YOU NEVER SEE HIM AGAIN.

Chapter 5

I wake up the next morning with the threatening words still in my head, where they seem to have been all night. It’s raining again, but I’m still determined to have a short run. The exercise might clear my brain and help me to think things through.
As I approach the park I’m already feeling soaked to the skin, and in the fresh air I realise just how ridiculous the threat is. And the spelling should be fiancée for a woman. I suppose something as simple as that mistake might help me track down the writer. Assuming I want to. This could be a practical joke. I know young Liam Donovan is a bit of a joker, but this isn’t writing by a nine-year-old.
Kate’s sister Paula sprang to mind as the writer, although it doesn’t really make much sense. In fact, it doesn’t make much sense whoever has written it.
And another thing, how could Toby have been the hit-and-run driver if he was with Paula when Kate went out to get the fish and chips? That is, assuming Toby has been telling me the truth, and Kate just didn’t disappear one dark night when she was out on her own.
I know I’m a detective, but I have no idea how long ago this happened. Toby has only been here in Craidlea for about eighteen months. Maybe he came here immediately after the accident, simply to make a fresh start. I guess I came here, too, because there are too many memories of Sam in Brevelstone.
Living in London, which is where Toby told me he’d lived at the time of the accident, would cover a massive area. I can access various newspapers online, but without knowing the date, and possibly the area, the task is impossible. Again, assuming Toby has been telling me the truth.
I return to my bedsit, deciding I need to concentrate on the present. As I take a long hot shower, things are starting to make sense. Perhaps someone really has been watching me when I’m out jogging, although I didn’t see anyone today. It could be Paula, hiding in the shrubbery in the park, plotting how to prevent me and Toby becoming an item.
And it could also be Paula stalking Toby. If so, I could disguise myself and follow Toby at a distance, and perhaps catch Paula in the act. But that’s not the big problem. The big problem is the note. Is this really a threat against my life? A genuine threat that I need to take seriously?
I get dressed quickly, and read the note again. TOBY IS A KILLER. I’m going to be his next victim. Is that an implication that Toby is going to kill me, or does the writer of the note have me in their sights? It looks as though Toby is named as the killer.
Perhaps I should tell Courtney about it. After all, sending a note like this has to be a crime, and Brevelstone CID covers this area. The envelope was gummed down, and there is likely to be DNA where it was licked. I have a clever kit of tricks, but I certainly can’t do any DNA testing.
Of course, Courtney would have to get it cleared with her boss. I can’t imagine a newly promoted detective sergeant can just take on an investigation without authority. And what would the DNA test tell me? I would need Paula’s DNA for comparison. The DNA of the sister would help, but Kate is dead. Probably.
Anyway, although it’s a bit late to be careful, I push the envelope into the top drawer of my desk using my pen, just in case this develops into something really nasty. Then I get up go to one of the two small leather armchairs by the window. I can think better from there, and I can look down on the people passing below.
I think it’s time to stop my early morning runs. Not just because it seems to rain most mornings, but I don’t want to be spied on – assuming that’s what’s happening. What I need is a treadmill. Yes, I definitely need a treadmill. A folding model. There’s not a lot of room in the office or the bedsit.
Right, enough of that. I need to prepare for my television interview next week. And I mustn’t forget I’m going to see Felicity Hemsworth again tomorrow. I can’t think there will be any danger if the conman calls. I’ve learnt self defence, and I’m well able to look after myself.
It makes my blood boil to think that there are con artists ready to take advantage of a frail, elderly woman. To take advantage of anyone, for that matter. When the man turns up – if the man turns up – I can make a citizen’s arrest and phone the police. He’s bound to come by car, so even if he evades capture I can get the registration number.
I need to make sure that my spy pen is fully charged. I can clip it in my pocket, and record video and sound. I’ll also take my small camera that can be operated remotely. The police are bound to take notice of me, although my track record with the local police isn’t perfect. They seem to resent my interference in their work. Courtney Jacobs at Brevelstone CID, and Detective Inspector Dickinson before her, always seem pleased to get some help from me.
I guess that’s because Sam was a detective constable with them, and I’m the one who found the evidence to change the expected verdict of suicide into one of murder. That must earn some respect. It’s also the reason I decided to get trained as a private investigator.
I have a small pile of my business cards on the desk. I pick one up now. I just love the black background with the gold writing. That got me my first job. The printer wanted to find out if his grandmother was mistreating their small daughter when he and his wife were at work.
That involved the simple task of setting up a clock with a spy camera and microphone in it, identical to the one that is permanently on my office wall facing the door at the top of the stairs. Job done, and a very grateful couple when they discovered what was happening back home.
I make myself a bowl of muesli, then go down for my regular cappuccino below. Abi can tell I’m distracted, but today she is sensitive enough to leave me alone with my thoughts. I really do need to concentrate on preparing for my television interview.
I gather it’s going to be just seven minutes to fit the regular Wednesday slot on the regional news. I need to get over some major points, because I see this as free advertising. I’m going to try and steer the interview away from my past relationships and other domestic problems. Equally, I want to make it clear I don’t deal with gunmen on a daily basis.
If I’m successful tomorrow at Felicity Hemsworth’s cottage and arrest the conman, I can refer to that as my latest job. Of course, I won’t be able to name anyone, as the case won’t have come to court.
It occurs to me that fighting for the ordinary residents of the town is something that gives me fulfilment in my work. Righting injustices and that sort of thing. However, the work that pays best is for people like Piers Pillinger, who got me a couple of well paying jobs in London, getting me to pose as a representative of a wealthy New York art collector and dealer.
Both assignments contained a fair amount of risk, and I need to think carefully about how much I can reveal without betraying confidences. I’m sure Humphrey Broxburn, the gallery owner, won’t want his name mentioned.
I’ve already decided that the work of a private detective has to remain private, and clients can’t be identified without their permission. I know Piers Pillinger won’t want to be named either. But I suppose I can refer to the work, without actually naming the London art gallery or anyone connected to it.
I need to show a spread of abilities. When the local television company first approached me, they made it clear that they wanted to mention Sam, and how I became a private detective. That’s fine, as long as they don’t spend the whole time on it.
My phone rings. I put it on speakerphone and lean back. I recognise the number. It’s Jenny, from the regional television news channel.
“Hi, Jenny.”
It’s not Jenny. It’s someone called Mike, using her phone. “We’re going to have to cancel next Tuesday’s appointment,” he says.
“Fine. That’s okay,” I say, almost feeling relief that the interview isn’t going to take place so soon.
There’s a pause, then he says, “I appreciate this is extremely short notice, but I’m wondering if I can pop round with a camera and sound engineer this morning. Are you going to be in?”
I gulp. “Yes, I’m here. What time?” Perhaps it’s just as well to get it over and done with. It also means I can stay all day with Felicity Hemsworth, in case the man turns up in the afternoon instead of the morning. Before I left, we agreed a daily rate that she was happy and able to pay.
“How about 10 o’clock? I’m sorry it’s all a bit of a rush, but we really do want to include you in our series of local jobs of interest. We’re planning to air it tomorrow evening. I’ll explain more when I see you.”
I glance at my spy clock. That only gives me not much more than half an hour to sort out my hair and change into a smart business suit. But at least the office is tidy, and they won’t be going into my living space. “That’s fine. Is there anything I can do to get ready?”
Mike, whoever Mike is, laughs “Just be there for us, that’s all. I’ll be doing the interview, and it will just be the camera and sound operator, and Jane my assistant. I expect you know we’re on a tight budget here.”
I suddenly realise who Mike is. I don’t watch the regional news very often. It’s Michael Carpenter. I can’t say I’ve taken to him very much, but business is business, and publicity is publicity. As long as I don’t blow it by saying something stupid. I imagine they can edit things out if it all goes badly wrong.
We end the call, and I start to panic. Perhaps it’s a good thing it’s all so sudden. At least I won’t be having sleepless nights waiting for the filmed interview next Tuesday afternoon.
I have a quick phone call to make. “Abi, can you come up immediately? I need you to help me with my hair and make up.”
“Toby?”
“I’ll tell you about that later, Abi. The television people are coming in half an hour, and I want to look my best on screen.”
While we’re talking, my doorbell goes. On the video system I see Abi standing at the door. Even on the low resolution screen I can see that she’s grinning.
I hurry down and unlock the door for her. I know she has keys of her own, for use in emergencies, but she probably didn’t have time to get them from the small safe under the counter.
Abi looks far more excited than I feel. She scampers up the stairs after me, and looks at me closely when we arrive at the top. “Nothing much wrong with your hair, girl. Well, nothing much wrong that we can’t fix. Let’s go to the bathroom and get all your kit.”
Nothing much wrong with my hair? It’s okay for going out and about with, but the rain this morning didn’t exactly improve things, and I didn’t spend time sorting it out after my shower. My hair is mousy brown and short, so I guess there isn’t very much to fix. But it does need teasing out. I should have taken more time drying it after my shower, but of course I had no idea‒‒‒‒
“You can only do your best, Abi. I have great faith in you.”
Abi has long blonde hair that curls slightly at the end, with a small parting above her right eye. It seems to behave itself naturally, unlike her friend Alice who has hair that without due care and attention resembles a Brillo pad, except it’s very dark brown, not silver.
Abi has my lipstick in her hand, and I can see she’s shaking with excitement. “I’ll do all that,” I say firmly. “Just sort out my hair as quickly as you can. I need to change into my smartest business suit. What do you think, Abi? Black skirt or trousers?”
Abi shrugs. “I can’t think it matters. You’re not going to be walking around, are you?”
“Who knows what’s going to happen? I’m in a state already. Oh, I wish this wasn’t happening so soon. I was only just starting to make some notes about what to say, and not say next week, when Michael Carpenter phoned to tell me they were on their way.”
“Relax, Janika. I’m sure you’ll be fine.”
I shake my head. “You need to say that with a bit more conviction, Abi.”
Somehow, without any drama, Abi fixes my hair into a passable shape, and fetches my latest business suit which is not too tight around the waist, while I apply some BB cream, lipstick and tinted moisturiser without making too much of a mess.
I can’t risk mascara, because my eyelashes seem to have natural non-stick properties, meaning I get bits in my eyes and have to keep blinking. I want to look calm and collected and extremely professional when I pop up on the screens in everyone’s homes.
Abi is optimistic.
I’m not.

Chapter 6

Abi offers to stay with me to give me support. She says that politicians always have an adviser or two with them in the studio, helping them avoid awkward questions.
“What awkward questions?” I ask, checking my face in the bathroom mirror for the twentieth time. “Are you sure my hair looks okay?”
Abi rolls her eyes. “You look fine, and of course there won’t be any awkward questions. I merely meant it might be good to have me to help in case....”
Her voice tails off, so I fill in the missing words. “In case there are any awkward questions. Which there won’t be.”
Abi, ever the thoughtful one, has carefully arranged several files of paper on my office desk, along with various pieces of equipment that I use in the course of my work. My laptop is open, and the screen is not showing anything confidential. Well done, Abi. Both my colour and laser printers have the On buttons glowing, and the office looks the centre of activity and efficiency.
“Best put this in your bedsit,” Abi says, holding up my wet sports bra. I must have dropped it by the doorway to my bedsit when I came back from this morning’s run.
I nod dumbly. My brain is frozen. “I need a strong espresso,” I mumble.
Abi starts to make her way down the stairs and I call her back. “No, don’t leave me. Use the Nespresso machine on the worktop in the kitchen area. Next to the toaster.”
“You traitor!” Abi says, laughing. “Isn’t Button Up coffee good enough for you?”
“I’ve only just bought it, and it’s only for when Button Up is closed. Promise. Anyway, your coffee is great, and there’s something extra special about having it with you and your staff for company.”
“Don’t forget the pastries!” Abi says, coming across and fiddling with my hair.
“Yes, and the super-fattening pastries you sell are great. I don’t think my daily run is having much effect on my weight. What’s wrong with my hair now?”
“Nothing.”
“Then leave it alone and make me an espresso.”
“You look fine, girl. Absolutely fine. Believe me. Coffee coming up.”
We both start giggling as Abi hurries into my bedsit. It’s probably hysteria setting in on my part. Whatever made me agree to a television interview?
My phone rings. It’s a number I don’t recognise, and I answer it with my usual business manner. It’s Michael Carpenter, using his own phone.
“We’re running a few minutes late. Be with you in fifteen. We’ll park in the side street. We have a permit.”
I have a vision of one of those large television trucks with a huge satellite dish on top arriving, causing considerable local interest. In reality, it’s probably just going to be a small SUV.
“I’m ready when you are,” I say. “Phone again when you’re parking, and I’ll be downstairs to open the door for you. Can’t wait to see you.” Forgive me, Lord. Not that I’m especially religious. Sam was.
I can hear the Nespresso machine, so at least Abi knows how to work one. She appears with a small espresso cup. It’s my own, not one I borrowed from Button Up. I hope she’s impressed.
“Fifteen minutes!” I say, almost snatching the small cup from her with shaking hands.
“Sit down by the window,” Abi says calmly. “You’re going to be fine, Janika. As soon as Michael Carpenter starts asking questions, you’ll wonder what you had to worry about.”
I look at Abi in surprise. “You’ve done this yourself?”
Abi shrugs. “Well, no, but I’m sure that’s how it works. Just sit down, relax, look out of the window and you can keep an eye open for them.”
I suddenly guess that this is where the interview will take place, not at my desk. “Quick,” I say to Abi, “grab the stuff from my desk and put it on the small table here. Just in case.”
Abi does what I say, and points to my certificate of qualification hanging on the wall below the spy clock. “You want me to bring that across as well?”
I laugh. I’m so glad I brought Abi up here. At least she’s able to make jokes as well as help.
“I’ll tell you what,” Abi says. “You can sit on my lap and I’ll work your mouth like a ventriloquist’s dummy. Then you don’t have to worry about saying anything. You only have to worry about what I say!”
I’m laughing so much that my eyes run. I’m glad I didn’t apply any mascara. At least I don’t have to worry about black streaks down my cheeks, making me look like a clown.
Michael Carpenter phones again, to say they are now parking in the side road. I dab my eyes carefully, and Abi says she’ll go down and open the door. She doesn’t want me to risk falling in my nervous excitement.
A couple of minutes later, Michael Carpenter comes in carrying a couple of black cases, followed by an elderly sound and vision man carrying a lighting stand and a large tripod. There’s a girl with a clipboard who looks young enough to still be at school. She must be Jane.
It’s the first time I’ve seen the reporter in the flesh, so to speak. The name Botox Man springs to mind. He must be in his fifties, but his face doesn’t have a single wrinkle or mark on it. I guess Jane has already fixed his makeup in the car.
The cameraman quickly sets up his tripod by the window, with the office in the background. The young assistant is very keen, and she jumps forward to help him rearrange my two small leather armchairs. The cameraman does this without even looking at me for permission. Well, that’s fine. He obviously knows what he’s doing.
Abi is standing just inside the bedsit with the door wide open. Michael Carpenter is studying a script that Jane has passed him, and the cameraman is setting up a microphone on a boom and a video camera on the tripod. The whole operation is so slick, and they don’t even need to use my power points. The lighting consists of a single stand with a large reflector, with a bright bulb powered from a battery pack. That makes sense. It means they can work out of doors as well as in.
I’m so fascinated by watching everything happening, that I realise my nerves have settled down. Until I realise they’ve settled down, that is. Now I’m panicking again.
Michael Carpenter looks at me and smiles reassuringly. Only I’m not reassured. As he smiles, only his mouth moves. The rest of his face seems set like a waxwork model. So it’s either too much Botox or too much cosmetic surgery. Probably both. Well, perhaps that’s the price of being in showbiz.
“First, we want a few head shots of me nodding, so we can cut them in to make it look as though I’m listening to you when you’re answering my questions.”
I sort of understand what he means, although I hope he will actually be listening to me, and not just pretending while he thinks of the next question.
Michael Carpenter points to the door at the top of the stairs and draws the camera operator’s attention to it. “We’re going to need a close-up of that. Janika, be a good girl and stand there and point to the bullet holes. And look at the camera as you do so. But don’t smile. I want you to look serious.”
Good girl? That’s a bit condescending. I wonder what Abi is thinking. I hope she stays quiet! “Certainly, Michael.”
I do as I’m told, and it all happens in two takes. One of me pointing, and a close-up of my hand touching one of the holes. Then I come and sit down again, as directed by Michael.
While the camera and sound operator makes final adjustments to the tripod and lighting equipment, Michael says, “Let’s do it in a single take if poss. We don’t have time to edit lots of retakes. I hope you understand.”
“But, what about the head shots?”
Michael nods. “I mean bits of the conversation. Sorting out several takes can be tricky. It takes time to work out which one is the best. So, if you’re ready, we’ll start.”
“I’m ready.” As if!
I can see Abi standing in the corner, and she’s nodding. So I turn to Michael Carpenter and indicate my readiness with a half-hearted smile. The best I can manage in the circumstances.
Jane is busy scribbling something on her clipboard, and Michael looks at the camera to start the interview.
“Here we are in Craidlea with Janika Jones in the Button Up Detective Agency, named after Button Up coffee shop which is immediately below here. Well, Janika, I don’t think we need to ask how your detective agency got its name.”
He gives a little contrived chuckle and turns to me. The armchairs have been arranged close together, at a slight angle, so I guess we’re in a single shot. I rather doubt that any of my impressive equipment on the coffee table is actually in view. Never mind.
“Tell me, Janika, this is a relatively new business. Are you new to Craidlea?”
“I was born and brought up here, Michael. I went to school here. My father is Polish, and we moved to Poland when I was fifteen. Then I came back and lived in Brevelstone and married Sam Jones. He was a detective constable with Brevelstone CID.”
“Was. Indeed, yes. I gather that tragedy struck a year or so ago. Can you tell us about it?”
I assume it’s an instruction, not a request. “Brevelstone CID were, and still are, investigating a major drugs gang. The gang thought Sam had some information they could squeeze from him, and they murdered him in trying to get it.”
“By dropping him over the bridge by the Brevelstone retail outfit, I gather.”
I nod. At least he hasn’t mentioned that Sam was dropped headfirst. “Initially, the police thought it was suicide, but although I’d not been trained as a detective, I studied the scene and spotted something that indicated he’d been murdered.”
“So you had budding detective skills back then. What exactly did you discover?”
“I leant over the bridge, and could see the small gold cross that Sam always wore round his neck on a thin leather cord. It was stuck in the wall exactly where his head would have been if he was being held by his ankles. I showed this to a detective in the CID, and it was recovered.”
“So what did the coroner have to say, Janika?”
“Taking advice from the police, the coroner ruled that there was no way the cross could have got there accidentally while Sam fell. He had to have been held by his ankles for some time, presumably while they wanted to get answers to their questions out of him.”
I can see Michael shaking his head. That’s probably too much information. Presumably, they will cut to one of his nodding heads at this point, not his look of disgust. Well, as much disgust as anyone can show on an inflexible face.
“And I believe that’s when you went on a detective training course, and came back here to this town to set up your detective business.”
“I did a full-time detective course to get qualifications,” I say. I really do need to get that bit in.
Michael nods. “However, you soon hit the news headlines when one of the gang members came here trying to get information from you. I see you still have the bullet holes where the man tried to break into the office where we are now.”
Michael turns to his assistant, presumably for her to make a note to let the editor know this is where to insert the video of me standing by the door and pointing, probably rather inanely, at the three holes.
“And did he find any evidence?”
“Certainly not. I had a detective inspector with me, and as soon as the man had been arrested we searched the office. I remembered a game Sam and I played at Christmas, hiding notes for each other written in invisible ink. In my kit I have a powerful ultraviolet lamp, and we searched through every page of the books I had brought with me that belonged to Sam, and we hit the jackpot.”
Michael nods. “Was this in a private diary?”
I shake my head. “No, it was Sam’s driving manual. Inside the back cover we found a list of names written in invisible ink, which were of great help to the police in their investigation.”
“Brilliant,” Michael says, and he actually makes the compliment sound genuine. He turns to his assistant. “This is where we insert some of the news video from the original scene.” Then he turns back to me. “Have you had a return visit from any of the gang?”
“Of course not. There’s nothing here for them to find, and I don’t know anything. Sam didn’t discuss things like that when he got home from work.”
“Well, I’m sure you’ve got absolutely nothing to worry about.” But he says it in a light-hearted way that hints that I might.
The man isn’t giving up. I really want to get onto discussing my everyday work. I wish I’d made more notes of what to say or not to say.
“Michael, CID worked through every book and item that I brought with me from Brevelstone. So now I can get on with my everyday work, helping out people who need my services. Only the other day––––”
“Do you ever lie awake at night wondering if someone from the gang is going to have another look?” And he laughs, presumably to indicate that it’s a joke.
I try to make my denial sound one hundred percent definite. “Of course not, Michael. You’ve seen my high security locks downstairs. I’m safe here, day and night. This morning I saw an elderly lady who has fallen for a confidence trickster. Tomorrow, I’m hoping to bring the crook to justice.”
“What has been your most exciting assignment so far? I’m sure you must have a lot of interesting stories to tell, even though you’ve only been in business here for a short time.”
“You’re right, Michael. Recently I had to take a photograph in a London art gallery of part of a picture hidden behind a card mount, without the gallery owner knowing.”
“Sneaky, I call that sneaky.”
I smile confidently. “Sneaky, yes, but not illegal. Private detectives are supposed to abide one hundred percent by the law. And sometimes that restricts what we can do.”
“And did the gallery owner find out?”
“He certainly did, but too late. I already had the photograph and was home before he realised what I’d done. But when he did find out, he was so impressed that he gave me an assignment of his own. That was quite dangerous. It got me kidnapped.”
I’m not sure Michael Carpenter is listening, which I find rather distracting. But I plough ahead anyway.
“I managed to carry out the work to his satisfaction. And no, I can’t mention any names!”
I point to the equipment laid out on the coffee table, and Michael Carpenter seems to wake up.
“Yes, Janika tell us something about this impressive equipment. It looks expensive.”
I don’t look at the camera, but I can sense it panning down to the small table, so I pick up my bug sweeper. “It is expensive, Michael, but it’s all necessary for my work, although obviously not everything is needed at the same time. I can trace for bugs, set up secret cameras and recorders, and examine things like artwork, exposing detail that can only be revealed under ultraviolet or infrared light. That was the second job I did for the London West End gallery, but I have to keep the name confidential.”
Did I really wink at Michael as I spoke?
“Janika,” Michael says, “I find your work intriguing, and I appreciate that it has to be confidential.”
When he smiles at me, only his mouth moves. I’m fascinated. He finishes his smile. “What do you think of the English weather? It’s been wet for the past few days. Did you get wet days like this in Poland?”
The man must be trying to fill in time to make the interview long enough. So why isn’t he giving me a chance to boast about some of my other successes? “I think it rains everywhere, Michael. I have to say that the last few days when I go out jogging in the morning I come back wet through.”
I try to put on a rather wry smile to show that I can cope with the rain. “I’m thinking of getting a treadmill. That way I can stay in the office and exercise at the same time.”
Michael nods again. “Sounds like a sensible idea, Janika. I wish you well here in Craidlea, and I’m sure you deserve plenty of clients as you put wrongs to right.”
He turns to face the camera. “Let’s hope if there is any hidden material about the gang that her husband left behind, Janika Jones finds it first.” He smiles another of his false smiles. After a long pause, he says, “Right, cut, that’s a wrap.”
Do people really say cut and wrap in real life? I wish Michael Carpenter hadn’t said that about the gang. He seemed to imply that I still might have something significant here in the office.
The last thing I need is another visit from the gang – with or without firearms.

Chapter 7

The TV team have gone, and I’m back in the armchair where I sat for the interview, my stomach in turmoil. I turn to Abi. “Let’s hope there’s some major international news on the main channels, and no one will be bothering to watch the local news.”
“You were fine, Janika,” Abi says, kneeling down and giving me a hug. “Nobody likes being interviewed and then watching themselves afterwards. You don’t have to watch it if you don’t want to.”
“I wish I’d had the chance to say a bit more about my everyday work, I’m hoping to get more clients through this, so I think I’ll have to watch. I’m going to be on my own here unless Toby comes round. I suppose I could ask him.”
“There’s nothing to worry about, Janika. You made your work sound really exciting,” Abi says, pulling me to my feet.
“I didn’t mind him saying that bit about the bullet holes, but––––”
“You’re thinking about your safety here, I imagine,” Abi says. “Yes, that was a bit thoughtless of him. He was probably blown away by your brilliance, but I’m sure you’ve got nothing to worry about. Let’s go down and you can binge on pastries. On the house. Okay, girl? And don’t worry about your performance. You were magnificent.”
I don’t think I was magnificent at all, but I suppose I came over as fairly confident about my work. I managed to slip in that bit about the West End gallery. And I was able to mention my extensive and expensive kit. Anybody wanting to contact me will know I’m well set up.
“Yes, ask Toby to come round and you can watch it together,” Then Abi raises her eyebrows. “Is all well there?”
“We have a few wrinkles to iron out. We seem to have had a slight misunderstanding.”
“Hang on up here,” Abi says. “I’ll nip down and get the pastries. There are too many flapping ears down there to share confidences. Then you can tell me all about the slight misunderstanding.”
I think the main person with the flapping ears will be getting the pastries, but I do need someone to confide in. Someone with a heart of gold and a slightly long nose.

<><><><>

It’s a nice evening, and Toby leaves his car in Melanie’s parking place, and we start to walk to the Taj Mahal restaurant. He goes to take my arm as we walk, perhaps out of politeness rather than out of romance, but I shake him off.
Bad move.
Toby withdraws his hand immediately. “I’m sorry, Janika. I have to say you seem a bit upset this evening. Are you worried about your upcoming television interview?”
“Oh, that’s all over and done with. They wanted to do it today so they can show it tomorrow evening. But that’s not what’s on my mind.”
It’s the note. Abi said it’s just silly nonsense, and to forget all about it. But then the note came for me, not her.
This time I catch hold of Toby’s arm and pull him to a halt. We’re standing on the corner of the road where the Taj Mahal stands invitingly, its lights on. I can smell the beautiful aroma of Indian cuisine wafting gently on the breeze.
“What is it, Janika? Something isn’t right. I can sense it. Tell me how your interview went. Knowing you, and how confident you are, I’m sure it was fine.”
I push Toby away very slightly. It’s a clumsy reaction, and I know I’ve made a mistake, but it just happened. “It’s nothing to do with the interview,” I say quietly. “I’ve had an anonymous note, and it concerns you.”
“Me? Who was it from?”
“Toby,” I snap, “it was anonymous. You’re not listening.”
Toby looks a bit crestfallen. Good. Someone needs sorting out, and I know it’s not me.
He motions towards the Taj Mahal. “Do you still want to eat? We’ll try and find a quiet table. We need to get everything laid out in the open. Something is happening, and whatever it is, it’s making me feel uncomfortable. It sounds as though you’re feeling uncomfortable too. Yes?”
It’s not so much Toby’s confused expression, but his words that strike home. Yes, we do need to get everything laid out in the open. I catch hold of Toby’s arm again, more roughly than I intended, and tug him towards the restaurant. “Okay, I’m ready to talk. Just make sure you find us a quiet table.”
A souped-up orange hatchback pulls away from the curb at speed, its tyres screeching. I still have hold of Toby’s arm, and I pull him back. He trips and lands in my arms. I know it’s not intentional, but it does feel surprisingly pleasant to have a man that close, even if it’s only for a few seconds.
“Idiot!” Toby shouts after the car.
Toby removes himself from my arms, and asks if I’m all right. “Did you see who was driving, Janika? That driver needs locking up. Stupid, stupid, stupid driver!”
“Two stupid youths showing off in a hot car,” I say. “It probably wasn’t intentional.”
“I wonder if they would have stopped if they’d hit us,” Toby says.
I notice he’s gone very pale. I suddenly understand his overreaction. His fiancée Kate was killed in a hit-and-run accident. Perhaps if we go into the restaurant he will open up about it. Or perhaps not. After such a near escape it might be the last thing he’ll want to talk about.
As we enter, we are greeted by a tall Indian holding a long white napkin. He nods to us politely, and Toby says he has a booking. That surprises me. I thought we were coming here more on a whim, but it’s good that Toby thought ahead. It’s just as well I agreed to come and didn’t back out at the last minute!
Toby says something quietly to the waiter, and he smiles as though he’s party to a great secret. I follow with Toby to a table in the far corner. Shades of Button Up, but this one is far more private than Abi’s.
The waiter gives us each a heavy maroon folder containing pages and pages of exotic and not so exotic Indian dishes. I put mine on the table and slowly close it.
“Perhaps we should talk first,” Toby says, obviously noticing what I’ve done. I have to admit he sounds extremely thoughtful and caring for a killer. I wish I’d never seen that note, but it definitely hasn’t put any doubts into my mind. Has it? Stop being stupid, Janika. You haven’t known Toby long, but you’re already fond of him.
I shake my head. That was the left half of my brain speaking. The right half of my brain doesn’t seem so sure. Or it might be the other way round.
“Toby,” I say, “I don’t want to drag this up, but I’ve been thinking about Kate. You said you were with her older sister Paula at the time, and Kate had gone to get fish and chips.”
Toby nods. “That’s right. That near accident outside just now has shaken me up a bit. Let’s not talk about it for a moment. Okay? Let’s order, and we can talk more when we’re waiting. I notice you only glanced at the menu. Shall I choose for you?”
Toby looks and sounds so rational and helpful. That ridiculous note is going to ruin our evening if I’m not careful. Perhaps I’d better keep quiet about it.
“Toby,” I say, looking him in the eyes, “about that anonymous note. It said.... No, I don’t know how to put this. It said you killed Kate. That’s the long and the short of it. And it said unless I stop seeing you, I’m next.”
There, I’ve actually said it out loud. I must be crazy.
I’m not sure if Toby looks ready to laugh or cry. “Are you serious, Janika? I never know with you. You can be a bit of a joker.”
Can I? I’ve never thought of myself like that. “I’m serious, Toby.”
“Tell me exactly what it said. Do you have it with you?”
Is this an act? If he wrote it, then he won’t need to be told what it said. “It’s locked away in my office, Toby. I don’t think this is a practical joke. I think it’s a real threat. But I know exactly what it said. ‘Has Toby Walton told you about the convenient death of his fiancé two weeks before the wedding? That man is a killer. You are next unless you never see him again.’ And fiancé was spelt the way you spell a man, not a woman with the double letter e.”
“And you suspect me? Really, Janika, you suspect me? Is that why you asked where I was when Kate was knocked down?”
Some men might stand up and shout those questions. Not Toby. I respect him for that. He’s asking quietly, in a concerned rather than an angry way.
“Toby,” I say, tears coming to my eyes, “I know you didn’t do anything. You ... you ... couldn’t do anything like that. I’m sorry I asked.”
“Are you ready to order yet?”
The waiter is standing at the table. I wonder how much he’s overheard. I think he’s only just arrived, which is definitely good news, although we can’t be the only customers who get into a bit of an argument.
Toby asks me what I want to drink. Definitely no alcohol. I need a clear head. “Diet Coke, please. No ice.”
Toby orders the same, and tells the waiter to give us a few minutes, as we’re not quite ready to order our food yet.
I guess those few minutes are going to be a bit rocky.

Chapter 8

Driving past my launderette a short distance up the road, I notice that the old tobacco shop has sold at last. I hope it’s going to be something useful, and not turned into yet more offices, as has happened to many of the shops here.
I’m sure Abi will be hoping for offices, because they bring business to Button Up. I’ll have to ask her about it. She’ll know for sure what’s going on!
I’m on my way to Felicity Hemsworth’s cottage. The local television channel phoned a couple of minutes ago to say that the editing on my interview is done, and they’re going to air it this evening. I’m not sure if that’s good news or bad. Anyway, I have a conman to catch.
I’ve left my car a hundred yards up the road nearer the reservoir, as it would obviously be foolish to park outside her cottage. The conman, assuming he is “as good as his word” (!) and arrives today, would clearly be put off if he thought Felicity had a visitor.
I knock the ancient cast-iron knocker on the old wooden door and wait.
And wait.
I move to look through the small front window. Miss Hemsworth might be lying injured on the floor if the man called here yesterday instead of today, and got into an argument. Or she might have just had a fall. Or forgotten I’m coming and decided to go shopping.
It’s a relief to see Felicity sitting in a very upright armchair, her head leaning forward slightly. It’s definitely her. I recognise the white hair. I realise she’s not moving, and I can’t tell if she’s alive or not. So I knock on the window.
Several times.
Eventually her head pops up, and she turns towards me, blinking in the bright light from the window. For a moment she doesn’t seem to know what’s happening. She stretches, and then rises slowly to her feet and makes her way unsteadily out of the room, gripping a silver topped cane.
I hear a bolt being drawn back on the door. Well, she may not hear the knocker, but she’s pretty secure here. Well done, Miss Hemsworth.
The door opens slowly, and she stares at me for a moment, and then says. “Why are you here?”
“Good morning, Miss Hemsworth. I’m Janika Jones. I’m a private detective. I hope you’re expecting me. I saw you on Monday, and I said I’d stay here for the day in case the man returns.”
She stares at me, frowning.
“The man who said that your sister owed a lot of money. I don’t think she owes anything at all, and the man is a crook. So I’m going to make it clear to him that I know what he’s doing, and he must never call on you again. I’m also going to get his name and take a photograph of him, to give to the police. You’re probably not the only person he’s trying his tricks on.”
My mention of the whole affair has obviously revived memories. “Yes, of course, Mrs Jones. You are Mrs Jones, aren’t you?”
There’s obviously some confusion going on here, “Yes, that’s right. Do you remember I came here the day before yesterday and saw your doctor?”
“Yes, of course I remember. We talked about that nice man who is coming to collect some money that my dear sister owed when she passed away. I’ve already looked out something for him. How can I help you?”
I can understand how some elderly people are going to fall for a con. People like Felicity Hemsworth were often brought up never to be in debt, so the thought of her older sister owing money would have brought shame on the family. In her eyes, at least.
“Oh yes, you’re the private detective. Yes, I’ve been expecting you. Please come in and sit down.”
Miss Hemsworth suddenly seems to have come into the present. It’s as though her brain has been rejuvenated. She was probably dozing for quite a while before I arrived. Now she’s as bright as the proverbial button. I wonder how that saying came about? Come to think of it, Abi Button, as was, is pretty bright too. I’m just so glad I met her and we hit it off so well.
Felicity Hemsworth guides me into the front room where she was sitting, and with a smile she directs me to the only other chair in the room, a fairly upright armchair similar to hers, by the window.
“Take a seat, dear,” she says.
I look round for an alternative place to reposition this chair, but there isn’t any room. If I sit by the window, facing it or not, the visitor is bound to see me. And since I haven’t got white hair yet, he’s going to be suspicious.
“Can we go into the back room while we wait?” I ask. “If the man looks through the window first, he’s going to see me if we sit here. I don’t want him to know I’m with you.”
“I’m not quite sure why you’re here, dear. Do you think he’s a bad man?”
“That’s what I think, Felicity. A very bad man. But I don’t think he’ll harm you. He just wants money.”
“Yes, the money my sister owed when she passed away. Oh dear, oh dear, what a to-do, what a to-do.” Felicity Hemsworth reaches into a rather battered, beige plastic handbag by her side. She opens it and pulls out a small wad of what looks like five and ten pound notes. “I have fifty pounds here. I’m afraid it’s all I can manage today.”
“Put it away, Felicity,” I say. “You don’t owe the man anything.”
“Oh but I do, dear. The man said I do.”
“How much did he say your sister owed?”
“I don’t think he said, dear. He said he’ll come every two weeks for as much as I can manage to pay.”
That makes me really angry. Not with Felicity Hemsworth, but with this man who is hoping to swindle money out of a sweet old lady. In fact I’m angry with any man who could swindle money out of anyone, old, young, confused, or on the ball.
“Felicity, I want you to listen carefully. If your sister owed money, and I don’t for a moment believe she did, the solicitor who is seeing to her estate will have settled up with them. And if there wasn’t enough money in the estate, there is no way you are liable.”
“But he said I have to pay the money.”
“No,” I say, trying to sound patient and not annoyed, “it doesn’t work that way. Now, keep the money handy. You’re going to give it to the man. Don’t worry, your money will be safe. I’m here to make sure he never bothers you again.”
Felicity Hemsworth is still holding the small bundle of notes in her hand. “I’m not sure what to do,” she says, rather faintly. “I’ve always tried to live honestly, and pay my way through life without asking favours of anyone. I have my pension of course, and money put aside in savings.”
“That’s good, and you can safely keep it all. That man is definitely a rogue. But when he calls, I want you to go to the door with the money. That’s important. I promise I will repay it if necessary, but I’m sure your money will be safe. I’ll be listening just inside the front room. I have a secret camera and voice recorder which I’m going to set up by the front door. It will record everything that happens. Then I’ll come out and tell him I’m going to report him to the police.”
Felicity Hemsworth frowns, looking worried. “I don’t want any trouble. I would rather pay the money than have trouble.”
“There won’t be any trouble,” I assure her. Well, I hope there won’t be. I can’t believe Miss Hemsworth is in any danger, and I’m pretty good at self defence if it all turns ugly.
I think the truth of the situation is slowly dawning on Felicity. I can see a sparkle in her eyes. “I think this is going to be a bit of an adventure. But if I owe the money, I’m going to pay it.”
And if I wasn’t here, she would probably pay it anyway. I hope the man returns today. I’m charging her by the hour, and although Felicity obviously has some money put aside to pay for the upkeep of the cottage and garden, I feel rather mean taking too much of it.
“Go and sit down in the back, Felicity,” I say. “I need to set the camera and microphone up, in case the man comes while we’re still talking here.”
I can see a gleam of excitement on Felicity’s face. “Is it like spies and things? Oh, I’d love to see what you’re doing.”
That isn’t going to work. “Not now, Felicity. It all needs to be hidden away,” I could add that it needs to be hidden while she’s not watching, in case she points it out to the man to let him know he’s being recorded!
“I’ll show you when this is all over. Now, please, Felicity, go and sit down.” I hope she doesn’t think I’m too rude, I just feel a bit rushed.
I have an idea, but it might not work. It depends on how quick on the uptake Felicity is.
“Miss Hemsworth, do you have any potatoes?”
She doesn’t even look surprised by my question. “Of course I do, dear. Do you want any? I have enough if you do.”
I explain the reason for my question. After I’ve gone into the details, she smiles. “That will be fun,” she says, with a wicked smile on her face.
The miniature video camera with the built-in microphone needs to be in the narrow hallway, facing the door when it’s opened. It has a small battery. It’s not going to need to run for many hours, hopefully, so I won’t need to connect it to the mains with a transformer.
Setting it up isn’t the easiest thing, because there is no obvious place to fix it securely, without it being noticeable. I imagine the conman is wary of such traps. It’s going to have to be rather lower than I want, and the small umbrella and walking stick stand is the only place that looks suitable. I need to move the stand forward so Felicity Hemsworth doesn’t block the view when she answers the door.
I really would like to go out into the front garden, and see what everything looks like through the open doorway from the eyes of the caller. But for all I know, the man is already out there, hanging around to make sure Miss Hemsworth doesn’t have company. That would blow the surveillance right out of the water.
So far so good.
Now all we have to do is wait.

Chapter 9

Felicity Hemsworth is with me in the small and very tidy kitchen at the back of the cottage, making us both a cup of tea. I have to admit I dread tea made by elderly people. I much prefer coffee, anyway.
Old people’s tea seems to be extra milky to make up for it being extra strong. It always does something funny to my teeth. A sort of coating that lasts for hours. Even the obligatory slightly soft biscuit from a rusty tin doesn’t do anything to help.
I’m thinking back to the meal at the Taj Mahal last night with Toby. It was a slightly tense and awkward time, as we seemed to be trying to get the measure of each other.
I wasn’t sure at the time if Toby was shaken up by my inquisition about his guilt, or if it was the anonymous note, or perhaps shock from the near accident outside on the road.
Even now, I’m not sure if we cleared the air sufficiently to go on seeing each other. I suggested to Toby that we might need to take a bit of time to sort out things in our own minds. Toby told me that he was fine with everything, and looking forward to the meal with Courtney and Ollie at Parke’s on Wednesday.
I guess that’s okay. The meal is to celebrate Courtney Jacobs’ promotion to detective sergeant, plus now her engagement to Ollie. I think I ought to tip Courtney off in advance that things are a little bit shaky between me and Toby. Come to think of it, I can tell her about the anonymous note.
I’ll scan it and send it to her as an email attachment. The handwritten capital letters are neatly done, but it’s possible she will spot something significant. Brevelstone CID might even take responsibility for identifying the sender. It has to be a crime to make a threat like that, and of course a false accusation against Toby.
I know Toby would rather just forget about the note, but I don’t think that’s right. Nobody should be able to send notes like that and get away with it. It makes me fume inside. But to think I actually had the audacity to question Toby as to where he was when Kate was knocked down!
I’m surprised he actually wants to see me again.
A loud banging on the door makes me jump. Felicity puts the kettle down. I signal to her to stay where she is for a moment. I need to switch on the camera on the umbrella stand, and I don’t want her to see where it is.
A quick flick of the switch, and I whisper to Felicity to go to the door. I’ve already told her not to let the man come in, and not to say she has company. She needs to keep the man talking, and get him to repeat about her sister’s debts and how he’s come to collect the money. Then she has to hand over the money. It’s important that the man takes it.
I’m still not sure if Felicity Hemsworth is convinced that the man is a crook. But if he takes the money, he will have committed more of an offence. If it comes to trial, his weasel solicitor won’t be able to say that his client was only joking with her, or come up with some other ridiculous excuse.
Through a crack in the door I can see Felicity Hemsworth opening the front door carefully. A man in his 40s or early 50s is standing there, a big smile on his face. No doubt he thinks he’s hit the jackpot.
“I’ve come for the first payment of your sister’s debts,” he says in a cheerful voice. “I’m sorry to have to do this, but debts have to be repaid, you know. I think we agreed on fifty pounds today. I hope you have it ready. I would hate anyone to know just how much your sister was in debt for.”
Felicity turns around. I hope she’s not looking for me. I’m going to appear, but not just yet.
“Yes,” she says, “the money is here ready for you. I’ll get it now. When will you be back next time?”
Brilliant. Felicity Hemsworth has understood exactly what is needed in order to get the police to make an arrest. Not only is the man coming for the money now, he’s made it clear he’s planning to come back regularly for more.
It won’t just be the camera and voice recorder that is evidence, I will be able to stand up in court and swear that I, as a qualified private detective engaged by Miss Felicity Hemsworth, witnessed and heard the whole scene.
Felicity goes into the kitchen without even glancing towards the room where I’m peering through the crack in the open door.
She returns with her rather battered beige plastic handbag, and takes out the bundle of notes she showed me earlier. I had considered putting folded paper inside the bundle, and just a ten pound note on the outside. But I’m sure he’s going to count it, and I don’t want him physically assaulting Felicity in any way.
I’m right. The man takes the notes and counts them slowly and carefully deliberately in front of her. He nods. “Thank you, Miss Hemsworth, I’m so glad you want to protect your sister’s memory. I’ll be back in exactly two weeks, same time.”
“Oh no you won’t,” I say, coming out of the room. “But I will see you in court. Hand the money back to Miss Hemsworth immediately. You’re a cheat, a liar, and a crook. I’m phoning the police. I’m a private detective, and if you try to leave before they come, I’m going to make a citizen’s arrest.”
I have my small camera in my hand, but I’m not going to let him see me use it. It’s only here for emergencies. And of course, the emergency happens. The man throws the money on the floor, and shouts, “You can’t prove anything.”
Then he hurries out into the road.
I know exactly what he’s doing. He must have a car parked outside, and he’s going to drive off, thinking he’s safe. But he’s wrong. Very wrong. Well, he’s very wrong as long as Felicity Hemsworth has understood what to do.
Yes, I was right to include her in this plan. She has the potato in her hands, and we both follow the conman out through the front gate. While I argue with the man, standing in the way to prevent him getting into his car, threatening arrest and a long prison sentence, Felicity bends down behind the car, unnoticed.
As soon as she stands and gives me a thumbs up, I stand out of the way, allowing the man to get into the car.
The engine fires for just a moment, and then dies. I can hear the starter whirring, but the engine stays silent.
Time to phone the police.

Chapter 10

“Wasn’t the man a bit stupid, running down the road straight into the arms of the police?” Abi says. “Why didn’t he cut across the fields? It’s more or less open countryside up there on the road to the reservoir.”
“I imagine he knew he didn’t stand a chance,” I say, laughing. “After all, we had his car. Even if it had false number plates his fingerprints would be all over it.”
Abi grins. “The old potato up the exhaust pipe trick. I read about it somewhere, but I didn’t know it really worked.”
I laugh. “It’s something that was mentioned on my training course, but we were warned not to do it as a practical joke. It can seriously damage expensive exhaust systems, and even engines on some cars.”
I’m sitting at the reserved table in Button Up. I’ve just recounted the story, adding a bit of drama here and there. Not that it was really necessary. The man decided to run down the road towards town, but probably hadn’t realised how far it was. The police picked him up half a mile from Felicity Hemsworth’s cottage, sweating heavily and exhausted.
It’s not only Abi who is listening. Pete Wilders and his bright young girlfriend Hayley are here as well, and I think Pete is rather jealous that I’m the one to have caught the man. Apparently, he had also caught a conman in a very ingenious way.
“I expect Toby will be proud of you,” Abi says, giving me a friendly punch on the arm. “Have you told him yet?”
That rather takes the wind out of my sails. We agreed last night not to see each other for a couple of days.
“I’ll tell you what,” Abi says brightly. “Don’t watch the programme this evening with just the two of you upstairs. Why don’t you both come round to mine? I’ll invite Alice and Rupert, and we can all celebrate your new found fame together.”
I shake my head. “There’s something you don’t know, Abi.”
Abi seems to be reading my mind, and shoos Pete and Hayley away. But at least she doesn’t tell Pete to go and clean the unisex toilet!
“Still got problems?” she asks quietly.
I don’t know how someone can put so much empathy into those three words, but Abi manages it.
“Abi....” I start to say, and then the tears come. “We may have split up,” I sob. I look round, and all credit to them, Pete and Hayley are serving a customer from behind the service counter, and not watching us.
“May I?” Abi asks. She pulls out a chair and sits down for the long haul. “I thought you had a good thing going there, Janika.”
“So did I,” I say, dabbing my tears. I’m just glad I don’t use mascara. How I look is how I look. Take it or leave it.
“And?” Abi says gently.
“Take another look,” I say, removing a folded sheet of paper from my bag. It’s not the original. This is just a photocopy. Courtney says she will find an excuse to come to Craidlea and pick up the original. I’ve assured her I’ve been careful with it, although obviously it has a couple of my fingerprints, from before I realised what it was.
Abi glances at it and shakes her head, making tutting noises. “What did Toby say? I’m assuming you’ve told him about it.”
“Oh, Abi, I did such a stupid thing. He’d already told me about Kate, and how she’d gone out to get fish and chips. Toby said he’d stayed behind with Kate’s older sister, Paula. She was dead set against Kate seeing him, and he wanted to give her a piece of his mind and tell her to keep out of it.”
“So what stupid thing did you do?”
I look over towards the service counter where Pete is busy toasting a panini, and Hayley is preparing a coffee. “I asked Toby to repeat what he told me earlier.”
Abi gasps. “You actually asked him to repeat that he’d stayed behind with Paula? Oh, Janika, how could you?”
I put my own hand over Abi’s hand which is resting on the table. “I simply don’t know, Abi. This note was so sudden. And I don’t know Toby all that well. Yes, it was stupid, stupid of me. The thing is, he repeated what he told me, before he realised I was checking on his alibi.”
“So it’s over. I’m so sorry for you Janika. I really am.”
I clutch onto Abi’s hand and squeeze it tightly. “I don’t think it is over. Not really over. We’ve decided not to see each other for a couple of days, but he’s agreed to come with me to Parke’s on Saturday evening for Courtney’s celebration. Just to keep up appearances.”
“Who decided you wouldn’t see each other for a couple of days? Toby, or you?”
I hesitate. “Well, I think it was sort of mutual.”
“And you agreed?”
“Why?”
Abi looks at me and smiles, and she starts to laugh. “Don’t you get it, Janika? He’s not dumped you at all. He’s testing you to see if you really are keen on him. Now, learn from Aunty Abi, and get straight on your phone. Tell Toby he’s got to come round to my house this evening, and we all watch your television interview together. Got to. Get it?”
“If you’re sure.”
“Never been more sure of anything in my life. Come on, get dialling.”
“But Toby’s at work. He may not want private calls.”
“He’ll want yours, Janika. I guarantee it.”

<><><><>

Abi and Danny have a large high definition television in their living room. Too high a definition for my liking if I’m going to be shown in close-up. Somehow, Abi and Danny have managed to knock up some refreshments for all of us.
We are quite a crowd. I just hope the interview is up to expectations. Their expectations, not mine. My expectations are on the low side. The regional news programme has already started. Abi and Danny are sitting together, and Alice and Rupert are next to them. Pete and Hayley apparently had other plans for the evening, but wished me luck.
The couple who live in the basement apartment of Alice and Rupert’s house, Bethany and Harry, have brought their small boy Freddie and baby Archie. I’m rather hoping that either Freddie or Archie will make some sort of disturbance that will distract everyone from the television.
Not that that will work, because I know Abi is recording this for posterity, and more likely for my eternal shame.
I turn to Toby who is by my side. Yes, Abi read the situation spot on. He was more than keen to come. “I think I’m about to die of embarrassment,” I say. “Abi, please keep the volume down as low as it will go. I’ve never been on television before, and I know I’m going to absolutely hate seeing myself.”
The local channel covers regional news before the interview. The news seems to take forever, but I know my slot is coming up, because they’ve already shown a clip of me pointing to the bullet holes. Great. If you are troubled by a gangster, we know just the person to help.
The excited chatter in the room dies down when the interview starts. Nobody is even eating the snacks, just staring at the screen. I want to put a cushion in front of my face or hide behind the sofa as though I’m a small child watching a scary movie.
But of course I don’t.
I suppose if it was someone else being interviewed, I would be fascinated. As it is, all I can do is look at my face and my hair and worry about my appearance.
Eventually it’s over. Five painful minutes, that’s all it was.
Everyone starts to applaud as the channel moves onto the presenter with the weather forecast. Actually, I suppose it wasn’t all that bad. “I wish they hadn’t concentrated on the bullet holes and the gunman,” I say.
“That was a great advert for your services, Janika” Alice says. She turns to Toby. “You must be proud to be going out with her.”
I notice Abi and Danny stay silent when Alice says that. Alice obviously hasn’t been tipped off about the delicate situation.
“Oh, I am proud,” Toby says. It sounds as though he means it. He puts his arm round me and gives me a gentle squeeze, in a way he hasn’t done before.
“I think you’re wise to be getting a treadmill,” Abi says. “You don’t know who’s watching you, especially when you jog through the park. Just stick to the roads until you get the treadmill.”
I nod. “I’ll check it out tomorrow. See what’s available locally.”
Since Toby seems to be keen on me again, I might as well tell everyone about his problem. “Toby thinks he’s being stalked, too. He thinks it’s a woman. He’s seen her several times, but only in the distance. My feelings of being watched might be imagination, but Toby’s seems to have some substance.”
“Ask Pete Wilders for help,” Abi says. “He and Hayley think they have detecting skills of their own. They certainly caught the conman who Melanie was dating and was about to rip her off.”
I raise my eyebrows. I’m putting together bits of information that I’ve gathered since I’ve been here. “Really? I thought Melanie was far too smart to be taken in. What happened?”
Abi shakes her head. “That’s confidential.” She laughs. “Seriously, Janika, I think Melanie would be embarrassed if you knew every detail. Anyway, she’s happily married to Steve Donovan now, so that’s water long gone under the bridge.”
“Do you think Pete could go on ahead of me into the park, and see who else turns up and hides somewhere?” I shake my head. “No, maybe he could start with you, Toby. At least there’s someone substantial enough to take a photograph of.” I start to feel quite excited. “Toby, when do you see this mystery stalker?”
Toby is silent for a moment. Perhaps he’s embarrassed. But he knows everyone here as well as he knows anyone in Craidlea, surely.
“I think I’ve solved it,” Toby says quietly. “Well, I think we solved it together, Janika. That note you got. I’m pretty sure it’s from Paula. She’s been watching me, and probably spying on you, so she knows we’re going out together. She still wants me to suffer for the death of her sister.”
I can see Alice taking great interest. Of course, she won’t have been told about the note. So for the next few minutes we forget about the television, and Toby and I explain about the note and about Toby’s fiancée Kate getting killed in a hit-and-run accident.
When I think about my interview, and the emphasis Michael Carpenter put on the drugs gang and the possibility of me having information that could put them away, I’m not so worried about Paula.
I’m much more worried about getting another visit from the gang that killed Sam.

Chapter 11

Everyone has been reassuring me that I was great. I suppose that’s what friends are for. Friends don’t always have to be totally honest when giving opinions, and I love them for it.
As we leave Abi and Danny’s house, we all stand on the front drive for a couple of minutes. Toby is next to me, and I can tell he wants to have a word with me before we all go home our own ways. That’s fine with me. There are a few things we need to talk about, certainly.
Alice and Rupert have walked here, because their house is a short distance along the road to what was once the mill manager’s house. It’s so large that they have made a separate apartment in the basement, which Harry and Bethany now occupy with their little boy Freddie and baby Archie.
I don’t know whether to feel pleased that neither of the two children disrupted the viewing. I don’t think it would have mattered. Bethany would probably have taken the children into another room, and Abi would have shown us the recording right from the start.
“Do you fancy a drive up to the reservoir?” Toby asks.
I can detect uncertainty in his voice. Or perhaps it’s nervousness. Or perhaps he’s trying to control strong emotions that are telling him to get rid of me. But nicely, I hope.
“Okay.” I think I made that sound vague enough not to sound like an overeager response.
“We’ll take both cars if that’s okay with you. I know Abi will notice if we don’t.” Toby laughs. “It’s just for a chat. Promise.”
I’m sure Toby has lived in Craidlea long enough to know that the reservoir has the reputation for being a Lovers Lane – except there is no lane. But there is a large parking area, and I imagine he just has parking in mind.
As we are just about to get into our cars, Toby calls me over. “There’s a lay-by on the way to the reservoir road. Park there. We might as well travel together to the reservoir. Your car or mine?”
I can’t think it really matters. I know I’m safe with Toby. “Make it mine.”
Toby has a Vauxhall Corsa a bit newer than my Micra. Mine is the sort of car that no one really notices, which is why I’ve deliberately kept it for surveillance work. Although Toby’s car is smarter as well as newer, I wonder why he hasn’t upgraded it if he needs it for work. It’s probably because he doesn’t see the point in spending the money. He’s certainly not a poser.
I let Toby lead the way, just in case I’ve misunderstood the parking place. But it’s exactly where I expected, and Toby jumps out, locks his car, and tries to get in on my passenger side. Stupid me. I’ve forgotten that the door locks automatically when I start to drive.
“I thought perhaps you’d changed your mind,” Toby says.
I think it’s intended to be tongue in cheek, but I don’t say anything as Toby sits down and tries to clip the safety belt in place. I go to help him, and our hands touch. It’s not the proverbial electric shock that shoots through me, but I experience a mixture of pleasure and concern at the touch of a man’s hand. The first touch I’ve had since Sam died. Apart from handshakes, that is ... oh, and when Toby fell against me in fright when we almost got knocked down by the orange car.
As we drive off, Toby says, “Tell me about your escapade with the old lady and the conman. Is her house somewhere ahead? It’s a cruel confidence trick that takes advantage of grief.”
I nod. “You’re right, Toby. And this is how the con works. You hang around a graveyard or cemetery where a funeral is about to take place.”
“I do? When?”
This time it sounds as though Toby is definitely joking. “Okay, a hypothetical you, Toby. You’re looking for a funeral with just a few mourners at the graveside. You dress appropriately for a funeral as though you’re involved in some way. Ideally, it’s a man or woman who has lost their partner. And they need to be elderly.”
“Okay, Janika, I’m there. Hypothetically, of course. What next?”
“You make sure you’re standing close. No one is going to ask you why you’re there. You find another elderly mourner and say how sad it all is. You need to find out a few more details, and of course the name of the surviving partner.”
“I think I can see where this is going,” Toby says. “Don’t forget, I’m an assessor for insurance claims. People can be very vulnerable at times like this.”
“Or it could be the death of a sibling. In my client’s case, it was two sisters. You need to follow the group, but at a distance. They’re probably going to someone’s house for a wake or something like that. You need to be patient, but eventually you’ll find where the surviving partner lives. It might take a long time, but the pickings could be promising. Here’s the cottage now.”
“That’s terrible, Janika. I’m proud of you, protecting the old lady who lives there, and getting the conman arrested. But I can’t help worrying that you could have got injured if everything ended in a fight.”
I’ve slow down as we pass the cottage, but there’s no point in stopping. “I’ve learnt self defence,” I say, “so my biggest concern is gunmen.” I give a small laugh. “I don’t think I’m going to encounter one of those again. Well, not very often.”
I can hear Toby taking a deep breath. “I know it’s not your fault, Janika, but that Michael Carpenter should never have joked in your interview that you might still have some hidden information. You don’t, do you?”
“No of course I don’t. I handed everything over to Brevelstone CID.”
“But I gather they’ve not rounded up the whole gang yet. Right?”
“Not that I’ve heard. I think Courtney Jacobs would have mentioned something if they had. They’re a nasty lot. They murdered Sam, as you know, and Detective Inspector Dickinson decided to throw in the towel and move to Scotland with his family because of the threats that were made against him.”
We’re pulling into the reservoir parking area now. There are three cars here already. I guess if this was the winter the windows would be steamed up, but it’s a relatively warm evening, and the sun is just sinking below the horizon.
It’s a romantic time of the day, but I’m not here for romance. There are large boulders surrounding the water to prevent anyone driving in accidentally and drowning themselves. I drive forward until I’m nearly touching one of the boulders and apply the handbrake. A black car has pulled in after us but it parks well away. They are obviously here for privacy.
“Janika,” Toby says quietly, as soon as I switch off the engine, “I don’t think we got off to a very good start. As you said, we don’t know anything about each other. All we’ve done is chat in church a few times. I know you’ve been married, and you had trouble in Poland.”
I sigh. “You’re right. I think I got some emotional scars in Poland. And physical ones. It’s a bit of a horror story.”
It occurs to me that Tony has never mentioned his parents. “Are your mum and dad local?”
Toby goes very quiet, unusually quiet. “It’s a lovely evening. Let’s go for a stroll around the reservoir,” he suggests. “I think it’s warm enough.”
We get out, and I lock the car. Toby is right. It is a lovely evening, although there isn’t a cloud in sight. But when the sun has completely disappeared below the horizon, it might start to get chilly. In the meantime, I really do need to find out as much as I can about Toby’s background.
We start to walk along the edge of the reservoir, passing a couple of cars. I’m too embarrassed to look inside them, although the occupants might be here just as we are, for a chat while we watch the sun go down.
“All right,” Toby says as we stop walking and look at the remaining bit of sun reflected in the water. “Here goes. I have one sister. She’s older than me.”
We’re standing very close together. I don’t know if it’s the effects of his masculine body spray, or just Toby, but being close gives me a comfort that’s been missing for a long time.
“My parents have problems.”
I laugh, but not unkindly. “Then they ought to meet my parents. They can get on badly together, and leave us alone.”
Toby shakes his head. “It’s not like that,” he says. “They have health issues. Serious ones.”
I feel dreadful now. This is second time I’ve come over as completely insensitive. “I’m ever so sorry, Toby. I completely misunderstood. Are they seriously ill?”
“My father has had a slight stroke, and my mother has just been diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer’s. My sister is keeping an eye on them, and so far everything is okay. Well, as okay as it can be in the circumstances.”
“Do you see them often?”
“Probably not as often as I should. I’ve been wondering whether to move and help my sister out.” He points to the red fiery sky the other side of the water, where the final part of the sun is soon to go out of sight. “But I’d miss views like this. They’re in London.” He puts his arm around my shoulder. “And I’d miss you, Janika. If we’re going to be an item, I wouldn’t want you leaving Craidlea. You’ve got a good business going here with your detective agency.”
Things are certainly moving faster than I expected. Has Toby mentioned the possibility of moving away to test me? Does he expect me to cling onto him, begging him to stay? When Toby said we would come here to sort out a few issues, I’d imagined some sort of argument and lines drawn.
“I wouldn’t want you to go,” I say, moving tightly against him. “But there are times when family comes first.”
“I’m considering getting them both to move here,” Toby says. “My sister thinks they’ll need special care in a year or two. I’ve already started looking at one or two care homes. They are fiercely independent, but they’re going to need someone to keep an eye on them full-time. My sister has to work.”
“Toby,” I say, “I didn’t mean to take what you said lightly. As far as I can gather, now I’m back in England, my parents are getting on quite well together. It looks as though I was the trigger for their arguments. Most of them centred around my relationship with Bruno.”
“Tell me about Poland. If you want to, that is.”
I shrug, and we start walking again. Toby still has his arm around me. “My parents thought that Bruno Kamiński, the son of my father’s business partner, would make the families more united. I don’t want to go into it now, but Toby was a bully. He beat me up several times, but when I went to the police my mother insisted on going with me and assured them that I was not in any danger, and had a great imagination.”
“What a terrible mother to have. Oh, excuse me, I was just speaking out loud. I shouldn’t judge her.”
“Perhaps not, but Bruno should have been locked up. We weren’t married, but...” Should I go on? “But I was pregnant with his baby. A baby boy. Whenever he hit me, he always did it where it wouldn’t show. One day he was kicking me, and then he punched me so hard in the stomach that I had a miscarriage. A baby boy.”
I can feel tears coming, and Toby squeezes me even more tightly. And that makes things worse.
“The thing you need to know, Toby,” I say between pauses as I try to control my emotions, “the thing is that I may never be able to have another child.”
There, I’ve said it. What will Toby say now?
He doesn’t say anything, and I imagine his brain is in turmoil. I can hear a car coming. It must be a couple having a row, because it’s accelerating fast.
It’s almost dark now, and we turn quickly. The car doesn’t have its lights on, and it’s heading straight at us.

Chapter 12

Toby certainly has quick reactions. He’s still holding me around my shoulders, and we’re very close to the boulders that mark the boundary of the car park. In one smooth movement he pulls me to safety, leaving the boulders between us and the speeding car. Everything happens so quickly, and I’ve tripped and fallen on top of him.
“That could have been serious,” I say, stating the obvious. I stand up quickly, but Toby stays on the ground. “Are you all right, Toby?”
Toby slowly raises himself to a sitting position. “I knocked my head. I’m just glad I saved you having a nasty accident. Where’s that car gone? Ridiculous, driving around here at that speed.”
Toby holds out his hands for me to pull him to his feet. Even in the twilight I can see a large cut on the side of his head.
A young couple, both fully dressed, have come across to see how we are. The woman has a petite figure. She’s wearing black skinny jeans, and a tight, dark red jumper that emphasises the size of her over-generous breasts.
I think Toby has noticed her, in spite of his accident!
“We’ve phoned the police,” the man says. “The car is long gone. Probably some crazy kids showing off. You could both have been killed.”
Toby sits himself down on one of the boulders. “I guess so. These boulders saved our lives. Did you get the registration number?”
The young woman leans over and looks closely at Toby’s head. I mustn’t be jealous. I mustn’t be jealous. It’s nearly dark now, but there’s enough twilight to see there’s a graze on Toby’s on the side of his forehead, and a lump already forming.
“You need to get that seen to,” she says. “I’ve got a first aid kit in the car. Let me get it. You wait here with them, Andy.”
The young man, who is presumably Andy, says, “That’s Tracy, my wife. She’s a first aider, so you’re in good hands. Let’s hope the police manage to catch that car. All I could see was that it is a black Ford Focus.”
Tracey hurries back with a red plastic box with a white cross on top. “We need to get some light on you,” she says. “Where’s your car?”
We were nearly at the far end of the car park when the near miss happened. Toby points to my car, and I can see he’s trying to be brave and pretend nothing has happened. “Let’s go.”
“You need to sit down on this rock,” Tracey says.
Toby does as commanded by the newly discovered first aider. She’s young, probably early twenties, but she already knows how to control awkward patients. “Andy, run and fetch the flashlight from the glove box.”
Toby starts to stand again, but decides sitting down is preferable. “We ought to try and find that car. It might have crashed on the road.”
Tracey shakes her head. “Never mind about that car. Hopefully the police will catch it. You’re in no fit state to go driving off after it. Anyway, it’s long gone. Did you recognise the driver? Just a thought.”
“I think it’s the car that pulled in shortly after us,” I say. “I didn’t take any notice of it at the time. Why would I?”
Toby looks up from where he’s sitting on the boulder. “Paula? Do you think it could have been her?”
At exactly the same time I say, “It could be the gang. Perhaps they’re the ones who have been spying on me when I run, hoping to break into my apartment when they know I’m out.”
“You’re being spied on?” Tracey says, starting to dab at the side of Toby’s head with a lint pad.
“Well––––” Toby starts to say, but Tracey cuts him off.
“Keep still, please. I don’t think this cut is as bad as it looks. It will need washing, but it will heal soon. Have you had an anti-tetanus jab lately?”
Toby shrugs. “No idea.”
“Then you need to go to the local hospital. They run a small walk-in clinic overnight.” Tracey turns to me. “Who’s driving?”
“That’s me,” I say.
I’m not sure how much Toby is welcoming Tracey’s attention, but he’s holding onto both of us as we walk slowly towards my Nissan.
A car sweeps into the parking area, headlights full on and blue lights flashing. The cavalry have arrived. Presumably too late, or they would be detaining the black Ford on its way into town.
Tracey waves to them and they come across to us. Two cars start their engines and are already leaving. Perhaps they think the car has come for them. If so, I’ve no idea what they’ve been doing. Well, yes, I have. And I start to blush.
Me, blushing. Ridiculous. I’m not exactly some innocent young thing. I’m wondering what Toby is thinking of me now I’ve told him about Bruno. Perhaps he’ll think I’m a bit second-hand. Damaged goods. Unfit for resale.
Andy and Tracey explain that they phoned for the police because they witnessed what could easily have been a fatal accident. Toby confirms it, and has the injury to back it up.
There are two officers in the car, both men, and they seem more interested in talking to Tracey than to me and Toby. Eventually, we are invited to explain our take on the situation.
We are standing close to the police car which still has its headlights on. Toby has a large pad on the side of his forehead, held in place with adhesive tape. I can see that the outside of the pad has a red stain on it, and it seems to be growing in size.
Tracey gets the officers’ full attention again as she explains that I’m taking Toby to the local hospital.
That seems to satisfy them. They tell us that since no one was seriously injured, and no car in the parking area was damaged and we didn’t have the registration number, there isn’t much they can do.
No, they hadn’t seen a black car answering that description on their way here. However, they will see if there are any reports of a black car being driven erratically, and someone noting the registration and reporting it.
They tell us to call at the central police station in the morning to make a full statement, and ask for Sergeant Stanley Masters. The two officers seem disappointed that no one got the registration number of the black Ford, but I suspect they are more disappointed to be leaving Tracey as they walk back to their patrol car.
Toby thanks Andy and Tracey for all their help, and they explain that it’s a good thing they were here at the reservoir and able to witness what they are convinced could have been a fatal accident, and call the police.
“As well as helping with the first aid,” Tracey adds.
Toby insists on me dropping him off at the lay-by to collect his car, and he’ll drive himself to the hospital. I’m having none of it. “You might be suffering from delayed concussion or something,” I say. “Your car will be safe enough overnight.”
“I’ve had far worse grazes than this,” Toby says, “and I’ve never gone to hospital with them. I don’t want to be kept in. I need to be at work in the morning.”
“Tracey said you need to go to casualties. She’s a trained first aider, so she should know.”
It’s almost dark now, and Toby gets into the passenger seat. “I guess ... Tra ... the young lady ... knows what she’s talking about,” he says quietly.
I sigh. “You mean Tracey?” Toby seems to be having difficulty saying the name out loud.
“Yes, the young lady in the tight red jumper.”
At least the jumper stands out in his mind. Come to think of it, it stood out in real life. “Do up your safety belt and let’s go.”
Twenty minutes later we’re pulling up in the hospital car park. There’s a sign pointing to the emergency department. The hospital is only small, and we’re fortunate they have a small casualty unit, so we don’t have to go all the way to Brevelstone to their large A&E.

Chapter 13

It’s raining hard. I can hear it beating down on the roof above my head. This is certainly no morning to go jogging. The sooner I get a treadmill, the better. I don’t need anything exotic, just something with variable speed and perhaps a variable tilt to simulate running uphill.
I’ve never run a marathon or even a 10k, and would expect to drop dead along the way if I tried. But gentle jogging over short distances is fine.
Toby was patched up very quickly last night, and passed all the tests to show that he wasn’t suffering from concussion. Not even shock. That’s one tough guy. I didn’t even hit my head, and I feel shaky when I think back to our close escape at the reservoir.
Anyway, as soon as he was out of hospital I drove him back to collect his car, and he went home promising to see me again soon.
I stretch and realise I have a couple of small bruises on my knee from where I fell on top of Toby yesterday. I’m wondering how he’s feeling this morning. Perhaps he’ll phone me. Note to self: Don’t go overboard yet. Toby probably saved your life, but that doesn’t make him a potential partner for life.
Anyway, why am I even thinking of looking for a suitable man? When Sam was killed, I vowed never to get involved again. Bruno was bad, Sam was amazingly good. Sam was an amazing experience, and no one could ever be that good again in a relationship.
I shower, dress in my jeans and sweatshirt, and go down to Button Up. The coffee shop is almost empty, and Abi is sitting at the small table at the end of the shop, and it looks as though she’s trying a crossword. Abi loves cryptic crosswords, and I have to admit she’s a lot better at them then I am. That rather surprises me, because as a private detective I’m supposed to spot every little clue going.
Abi looks up from the newspaper. “You look a bit pale this morning, Janika. You feeling okay?”
I sit down by her side, and decide I might as well share the experience of yesterday evening at the reservoir.
“That’s terrible,” Abi says. “I hope they catch that driver.” She calls across to Pete who is toasting something for a customer. “A large cappuccino and an apple Danish for Janika. On the house.”
I say thanks, but I don’t really need a treat. I’m happy to pay.
“You certainly look as though you could do with some nourishment,” Abi says. “I guess you’ve missed breakfast this morning.”
It’s still pouring with rain outside, which explains the lack of customers. But I know things will get busy later in the morning, when shoppers seek the cosy ambience of Button Up. The regular coffee to go office workers will be safely in their offices by now.
“Are you seeing Toby again today?” Abi asks, apparently without shame. “I take it you’re still seeing each other?”
That certainly sounded like a question. “Of course we are. What makes you ask that, Abi?”
Abi just shrugs. “Only wondering. I thought things were a little bit frosty between you both last night. You drove off in separate cars quite quickly.”
“I told you, Abi, we went up to the reservoir for a chat. And yes, we cleared the air. The only thing is, I think Toby may be planning to move back to London. His parents are not in good health, and he feels he needs to be near them.”
“Why don’t they come here?” Abi asks, as I lean back for Pete Wilders to put my coffee and pastry on the table. “I’ve heard that Springfield Lodge is a nice place if they need specialist accommodation. Mention it to Toby.”
I nod, and cut my apple Danish in four pieces. It’s lovely to see all that flaky pastry and apple smeared on the knife. “He’s thinking about bringing them here when the need arises. At the moment his sister is keeping an eye on them. I don’t think anything is urgent.”
“I didn’t know Toby had a sister,” Abi says, frowning.	
I laugh. “Abi, there are lots of things you don’t know, in spite of your long nose.”
Abi grins. It’s great when you know someone well enough to pull their leg like that. My phone plays its jingle in the pocket of my jeans.
I can see it’s not Piers Pillinger with another job in London. I don’t recognise the number, but that doesn’t matter. Let’s hope this is a big assignment.
“Janika Jones, Detective Agency. Janika Jones speaking. How can I help you?”
“I really hope we can help you,” a man says cheerfully. “This is Union Sports Development. I saw your television interview last night.” He laughs. “You mentioned you were thinking of getting a treadmill. A running machine. I’ve spoken to the manager this morning, and he would like you to have one of our basic range. Free. For ever.”
I know USD is quite a big sporting equipment suppliers in the UK, but I frown. “Why would he do that? I’m not exactly a national sports hero. I’m just a private investigator.”
I’m wondering what the catch is, when he says, “We think we can help each other. We set it up in your home, and take half a dozen photographs of you using it.”
It all sounds suspicious. “And what will you do with the photographs?”
“We put a couple of them in our next social media ad campaign.”
My stomach leaps. “No, I couldn’t agree to that.”
“That’s why I said we help each other,” the man explains with a rather exaggerated patience. “We put your name and the name of your detective agency underneath. That way we both win. We advertise our treadmills, and you get a free mention of your name. What do you think?”
Well, when he puts it like that I suppose I ought to consider it, but I can see a problem straightaway. “I don’t have any special gym clothes. I just go jogging in trainers, leggings and an old sweatshirt. I imagine you want me dressed up if I agree.”
“We can help you there as well. The manager is really keen. Tell me your size, and I’m sure he’ll agree to sort it.”
“I’m about five foot four, and size 12 UK size.” There’s no point in pretending I’m a UK size 8!
“Can you be available on Saturday morning, Janika? We’ll be passing through your area, and can drop one off. And a smart gym outfit for you to keep as well. I’ll bring a photographer, and get a few photographs. You can choose what we use in our next advertising campaign.”
“What time in the morning? I need to make sure I’m in.” There’s no point in telling him that I have nothing to do on Saturday. In fact, at the moment I have nothing to do for the whole week, except catch up on some paperwork. If USD are going to give me a free treadmill and free advertising, I’m certainly not going out on Saturday.
The man knows where my office is. Apparently he’s a local rep, and picked up a card in one of the shops in Craidlea. I’ve left cards and leaflets in several shops around here. I’m proud of my business cards. The local print shop did them for me. They are black with gold writing, and a gold thumbprint each side.
A free treadmill? Wow, even if it’s only a basic one it will be worth having. And I can see how good it will be to have my name in their advert. I’m the only detective in Craidlea, and I’ve already picked up a few assignments from some of the villages and small towns quite a distance away.
As soon as we end the call, Abi looks at me. “You look excited, girl. Was that Piers Pillinger with another West End assignment?”
I shake my head. “No, it was someone from Union Sports Development. One of the staff saw my amazing television interview last night, and the boss has agreed to give me a free treadmill and some gym clothes.”
Abi looks surprised. “They’re a big company. What’s the catch?”
I shrug, and take a sip of my cappuccino and wipe my mouth delicately with one of the Button Up paper napkins. “There isn’t a catch. They give me a free treadmill for life, and use a couple of pictures of me in their advertising, with the name of my Button Up Detective Agency underneath it. That way we’re both winners. They advertise their treadmills, and I get my name out there.”
“And when is this amazing machine arriving?” Abi asks, using my knife to cut off a chunk of my apple Danish.
“Saturday, he said. It sounds almost too good to be true. I don’t get many gifts. Not even from my parents!”
Abi pops the piece of my apple Danish into her mouth, “Lucky you. Let’s hope nothing goes wrong.” Then she rolls her eyes. “Perhaps I’d better come up with you, in case they want you to pose in some sexy sports gear exposing more than you want.”
Before I can think of a suitable retort, my phone plays its happy jingle again in my pocket, and Abi shows great restraint by returning to the service counter.
A distressed man’s voice asks if I’m free for an urgent surveillance job. He’s the manager for the Craidlea Family Games and Play Centre. Something suspicious is going on.
Reading between the lines, the owner of the Play Centre has found out that something dodgy may be happening with the lockers, and is threatening the manager with the sack unless he sorts it quickly and discreetly.
The manager explains that the owner is frantic. Bad publicity will seriously threaten the existence of the children’s centre, especially if drugs are involved. Hence the urgency.
He’s looking for a mother and child to sit in the café area for the next few days, from 4 o’clock onwards, to keep an eye on the lockers. I’m the obvious choice. Because it’s a family centre, he wants to know if I have a child to sit with me, so I don’t look out of place. And he wants me to start today.
I glance over at Melanie Donovan who is busy behind the service counter. She will be collecting Liam from school at three thirty.
“Yes, I do. A nine-year-old boy.”
“Great, see you at four.”
It’s essential that I tell Melanie my plan immediately. It’s no good her saying that Liam has a dentist appointment or something like that after school. I’ve just promised the Play Centre manager that I’m bringing a child.
“Melanie,” I call, “can you come over here a moment?”
Melanie looks concerned. “I hope everything is all right.”
Of course, Abi has heard, and she comes across too. “Something wrong?” Melanie asks.
“Of course not,” I say, loudly enough for any nearby customers to hear. “The food and drink at Button Up is the best in town. I just want to ask you a favour.”
“What is it, Janika?” Melanie asks. I can tell she’s busy. She’s holding a tea towel and looks a bit harassed. It’s only 12 o’clock but already the coffee shop is busy with shoppers wanting lunch and a rest.
I keep my voice down. “I’d like to borrow Liam after school, if that’s possible. The manager of the Play Centre wants me to keep an eye on the lockers. The owner suspects they may be being used to pass on something stolen or illegal. But I need to look like part of a family.”
“Liam? I’m not sure you’d pass as his mother with your dark hair.”
“Probably not,” I say. “But I have a ginger wig for disguise.”
Melanie is frowning. She’s also glancing anxiously at the service counter where Pete and now Abi are busy taking orders. “Is it safe? I know you’ve done a few dangerous jobs in the past.”
“Just surveillance,” I say reassuringly. “We have to be there by four. I haven’t asked him, but I’ll see if Toby can join us a bit later. So I can promise it’s going to be the safest job I’ve ever done.”
I think Melanie looks reassured. “How long will you want him for?”
“We need to be there by four. Maybe two or three hours. I’ll get something to eat in the cafeteria if you let me know what Liam wants.”
“I know what he’ll want,” Melanie says, rolling her eyes. “Oh, go on, let him choose for once. It won’t do him any harm to have junk food occasionally!”
I want to laugh, but I’m much too polite to do that. Melanie is short, but she makes up for her height in width. That makes me wonder what sort of diet the Donovan family has at home. Well, whatever it is, it certainly keeps Melanie in a good mood. Her smile and jolly laugh are probably responsible for many of the customers coming here.
I think Abi has picked up most of the conversation, and I’m sure she’ll soon get the full details from Melanie. Well, it’s not confidential. Unless, of course, anyone in the coffee shop is up to no good at the Play Centre.
As Melanie walks away, she turns back and smiles at me. I quickly put a finger to my lips. She nods. Good, I’m glad that’s understood.

Chapter 14

Toby has slipped out of work for an hour, and we meet outside the police station. Looking at the large padding on the side of his forehead, I think he could easily have called in sick and stayed away from work for the day. But he tells me he hardly ever takes time off for sickness, and a scratch on the side of his head isn’t going to keep him away from work.
I don’t know if he’s being brave or foolish, but men can be so obstinate. Anyway, he’s smiling now. “Let’s go in and give our statements about yesterday evening. I hope they’ve got an update for us,” he says.
There’s a large reception desk just inside the entrance, with a police constable sitting behind a desk with a large plastic shield. He studies us carefully. From the way he’s looking at us, he probably has his finger on the panic button.
“Ah, Mrs Jones, I see,” he says, grinning. “What can I do for you and your friend? Come to confess?”
I don’t think Toby has been in here before, so he doesn’t know my relationship with the police. It’s not good. They see me as some sort of threat and don’t like me getting involved in any of their work. Fair enough, but it’s very different from the treatment I get in Brevelstone from the CID.
“We’ve come to give a statement,” Toby says stiffly. “We need to see Sergeant Masters. As soon as possible please. I need to get back to work.”
I move Toby gently to one side. “It’s about a near hit-and-run up at the reservoir last night,” I say. “As my friend says, we’ve come to give a statement, and hopefully there’s some good news that you’ve managed to track down the driver of the car.”
I know I’m emphasising the hopefully a bit too much, but the constable ignores it. “Wait here,” he says.
He explains on the phone who we are and why we’re here, and Sergeant Stanley Masters comes out. “This won’t take long,” he says. “My, that looks like a nasty wound. Come into the interview room and we’ll try and sort things out for you.”
According to Abi and Danny, Sergeant Masters can be a difficult man. Everyone he interviews is considered guilty unless they can prove their innocence. But since Andy and Tracey have already given statements, it’s unlikely the sergeant will try to find a means to arrest us.
Fifteen minutes later we’re back outside the police station, having made our statements. Everything was just a formality, and we certainly weren’t warned that anything we said might and could be used in evidence against us. I think the sergeant was actually sympathetic, although he did add that he was surprised that we’d gone up to the reservoir at dusk just for a walk. His emphasis. I wonder what he meant by that!
There’s been no trace of the car, and a description of a dark or black Ford, probably a Focus, isn’t all that helpful. Well, I can appreciate that. Toby has suggested that we drive around a bit this evening and see if we can spot it, but we don’t even know if it came from Craidlea.
“Toby, come and have a coffee at Button Up. I’ve told Abi all about our adventure last night, and you’re quite the hero, pulling me to safety. And when Abi and the others see the padding on the side of your head, they’ll probably give you a free coffee!”
My ruse to see more of Toby doesn’t work. He insists he needs to be back at work as soon as possible. His office is the other side of town, and he’s brought his car to the police station to save time. So we part, with a promise from Toby to call for me at six, and we can go somewhere for another drive or a meal again.
I’m about to accept, when I remember the job at the Play Centre. Apparently Liam’s father Steve is enthusiastic about Liam’s interest in detective work. Liam has told everyone about the bullet holes, and I’m sure he’s exaggerated everything I do.
Liam has told me that Steve, his dad, is helping him get together some proper detective kit. Good for him. It’s great to have a dad who encourages hobbies. Steve says I’m a sort of female James Bond as far as Liam’s concerned. But there’s not going to be any danger in the job at the Play Centre. I’ll just be keeping an eye on the lockers.
“Toby,” I say, staring at him, still fascinated by the large wound dressing, “how would you like to play mothers and fathers this evening?”
He looks shocked. Maybe he played the same pretend games when he was young.
“It’s all perfectly innocent,” I say, giving an unintentional giggle. “Liam is coming with me after school to the Play Centre. It’s one of the warehouses where the old cotton mill was. The owner thinks the lockers are being used to exchange something suspicious, and he’s told the manager to sort it out urgently. He doesn’t want the Play Centre to be the focus of unwanted attention that would put families off going. It could be drugs, or it could be something like stolen property. Liam is coming with me and we’re going to be mother and son.”
Toby looks interested. “What time?”
“Four onwards. That’s when the kids come out of school and the mums and grandparents turn up with them.”
Toby shakes his head. “I can’t get out of work today before four thirty. Sorry.”
“Not a problem,” I say. “They don’t close until eight, so we have plenty of time to sit together. We’ll be one happy family.”
I feel a bit embarrassed that I said that. I didn’t intend to imply that Toby and I should start a family. Not just yet. But he laughs.
“What about you?” he says, still laughing. “We’re not going to be very convincing. We both have dark hair.”
“Don’t worry,” I say. “You’re forgetting I’m a fully qualified private detective. I’ve got several wigs, and one of them is ginger. Liam is definitely going to pass as my son.”
Toby takes a deep breath. “Okay, Janika, you’re on. I’d love to see you at work. And talking of work, I need to be back to mine. I know where the Play Centre is. I’ll be there as soon as I can. But phone me if something happens and the job is cancelled.”
“Sure thing.”
Toby gives me a gentle squeeze around the shoulders. I can feel bruises that I’d not noticed before. But I’m not going to complain.
“We’ll find something else to do later,” he says, increasing the squeeze. “A nice meal out somewhere tomorrow evening.”
“We’ll be having a nice meal when you finish work today,” I say. “I’m sure that turkey twizzlers or fish fingers with beans and chips at the Play Centre will be a gourmet experience.”
“And it definitely is a safe surveillance job? I don’t want you and Liam getting involved in anything dangerous.”
“Of course it’s safe, Toby. It’s a place where kids go to play. I wouldn’t be taking Liam if there was the slightest chance of any danger.”

Chapter 15

It’s not quite one o’clock yet, and I already feel I’ve had a busy day. Maybe I can go back to my office and catch up on a bit of paperwork. Come to think of it, I’m more or less up to date on it anyway.
Once again my phone plays its comforting jingle. I pull it from my pocket and once again it’s not a number I recognise, so I doubt it’s the manager of the Play Centre.
“Janika Jones Detective Agency. Janika Jones speaking. How may I help you?”
A woman says, “I think someone is getting into my house when I’m out. I saw you on television yesterday, and I found you on your website. I assume you have some sort of secret camera you can leave in my property. Perhaps a clock with a hidden camera. I read a story where one was used.”
This sounds promising. It’s hard to judge the age of the woman on the phone, but she hasn’t made her assumption of the secret camera in the form of a question. She clearly has no doubts about my ability. Hopefully.
“Yes, I have a clock like that, and several other devices. I can certainly help. I will need to see your house and find out a bit more about your problem. Where do you live?”
“In Cleystowe. I’d like to see you today if possible. Can you be here about two?”
Cleystowe is less than fifteen miles away, and I have nothing else to do until I go to the Play Centre. “Can we make it one thirty? I have to be back for a surveillance job at four.”
I don’t hear a gasp of admiration when I mention a surveillance job. Well, no matter. She says, “No problem. You might also need a hidden camera. Perhaps one that is weatherproof if you need to leave it in the garden. Is that all right?”
“Fine. Can you tell me a bit more about it before I come?”
The woman of indeterminate age hesitates. “I think it’s best if you see the problem when you come. Can you give me your rate of charges?”
“Of course. And I’m going to need your name and address. I have satnav, so that’s fine as long as your house is fairly easy to find.”
Within five minutes the job is arranged. Her house is not actually in Cleystowe. It’s a detached house built in the early 1900s, standing in its own small grounds. She says the house name and number are clearly on the front gate, and the road name is marked at both ends.
Miss Enid Ingleton is perfectly happy to pay my hourly rate plus travelling expenses. She doesn’t want to discuss the details over the phone, so I guess I’m going to be have to be patient.
I have a clock with a camera and microphone in it, identical to the one in my office. It might come in handy. But I also have a couple of small video bugs, both of which are waterproof, and likely to be more useful.
Two assignments on the same day. I’m not counting the visit to the police station as an assignment. Miss Ingleton and the Play Centre. I’m sure I wouldn’t have got these jobs if it wasn’t for my television appearance. So it looks as though only good has come from that publicity.
Fortunately, neither of these clients is interested in firearms! And there was me worrying about my performance yesterday evening while we all watched the television. And I mustn’t forget an additional benefit, the offer of the free treadmill and sports kit.
I remind Melanie that I’m borrowing Liam after school, just in case she forgets and takes him straight home. I know he’s dead keen to see how detectives work in real life. As far as I can tell, he wants to find a way to combine being a private detective with being a magician when he leaves school. What he calls a magic detective!
I don’t know Cleystowe at all. I’ve driven that way a couple of times, but it’s not on my usual route to anywhere. Abi says that all the dark red bricks in nearly every building in Craidlea come from the clay that was once quarried in Cleystowe. If quarrying is the right word for digging out clay.
I’m interested in place names, so Toby was surprised when I said that the name meant a clay market. Brevelstone is a corruption of the River Brevel and Stowe meaning market. Somehow the stow changed to stone over the centuries. Most of the names around here go back a thousand years or more.
I now have to check the equipment I’m taking to Cleystowe. This is going to be the busiest day I have had for some time. Not that I’m complaining.
I nip up to my apartment. There are two locks to the outside door at street level, carefully chosen by me for high security. They must be good. They defeated the man from the drugs gang when they wanted to search my office and bedsit.
At the top of the stairs there is another locked door. But before reaching that, the alarm will sound loudly enough to wake the dead, inside and out. I unset the alarm, go up the stairs and unlock the top door.
At night, I slide a steel beam across the door at the top of the stairs. It’s something I saw in a couple of continental hotels. It gives me a comforting feeling of great security. The gunman couldn’t get through it, and it certainly wasn’t for want of trying. That’s why he tried to shoot me and Detective Inspector Dickinson through the door panel when he chased us up the stairs.
He would have shot us before we got to the top of the stairs, but I kicked him hard and he stumbled and fell almost to the bottom, enabling me to unlock the door and slide the steel bar into place.
The only reason the police caught the man was because the bottom door locks automatically when it closes, and needs a key to open it. So the man was stuck between two high security doors.
It wasn’t quite the great catch Brevelstone CID had been hoping for. The man had been hired by someone anonymous, and given a handgun. He had been drinking heavily, and had no idea who had hired him. Or if he did have an idea, he wasn’t telling. Courtney Jacobs told me they’d got nowhere with him, but he was facing a prison sentence for the attack.
I have a large carry case with all my equipment in it, apart from the clock. That’s too large to fit in. I look quickly round my office. Is there anything else I need? It’s better to take too much kit than to have to come back for something.
Ah, the ginger wig. I need to make sure it’s still in good condition. I have a small selection of wigs of different styles and colours. I stand in front of the mirror in the small bathroom and try it on. I tuck my own hair under it, and it completely changes my appearance.
I wonder what Liam will make of this wig. I hope he doesn’t keep laughing all the time at the Play Centre, and behaves naturally. He can be rather excitable. Abi told me she took him down to the river once. The ground was frozen and he managed to slip in. Abi says he disappeared out of sight, but that might be a slight exaggeration. Anyway, it means the kid is more or less indestructible!

Chapter 16

I pull up outside Miss Ingleton’s house. It’s just after one thirty. The satnav found her road easily enough, but it seems her house has no visible number. Just the name. It’s not actually in Cleystowe, but out on the edge of the moor.
The house is larger than I expected, and isolated. I’d imagined she was surrounded by other houses, but this is definitely the right place. The satnav and the name on the house gate mean this has to be Enid Ingleton’s place.
The double gates are closed, but there’s plenty of room to pull in by the side of the house, so I’m not going to bother to open the gates. I can see a white Volkswagen Polo already there. If she wanted me to park inside, she would have opened them already. I’m wondering what Enid Ingleton will look like. I’m guessing she’s well into her sixties.
I decide to leave my case of equipment in the boot of my car, and make my way along the short gravel drive to the front door. Enid Ingleton is obviously expecting me, because she has already opened the front door and she’s frowning at me.
“I’m Janika Jones,” I say brightly. “I’ve come to see Miss Ingleton.”
“Yes, that’s me.” She breaks into a smile. “Yes, I recognise you now, Janika. I’m afraid my eyesight isn’t too good. You’re the private detective from the television. Come in, come in. I won’t keep you long. I remember you have to be back for another job at four.”
So far so good. Miss Ingleton obviously has a good memory even if her eyesight isn’t anything special – a good memory both for my name and for me mentioning my 4 o’clock appointment in Craidlea.
The house smells damp inside. It would have been built when walls of single brick thickness were standard, without efficient damp proof courses. It goes without saying that the house is built of the dark red bricks that would have been manufactured here in Cleystowe.
Miss Ingleton ushers me into the large front room which is furnished with a strange mix of antique and Art Deco furniture and ornaments. I imagine she inherited everything from her parents who probably inherited the older items from their parents. It looks as though no one was anxious to get rid of anything or plan the furnishings with care. And why should they? This room obviously contains a lot of memories.
Miss Ingleton has gone to make me the obligatory cup of tea. It’s bound to be strong and milky, and served in an ancient porcelain cup and matching saucer. I quickly look round the room. I can’t see anything special here that would attract a thief. Anyway, if someone is coming and going, they would have taken anything worthwhile.
There are four watercolour paintings in thin gilt frames on the wall, and a few photographs, both colour and sepia toned. I know Piers Pillinger gave me a false identity of an art representative for a New York collector and dealer, but in reality I know very little about art.
The only area which I can claim any expertise is Expressionist art. More particularly German Expressionist art. I had to mug up on it before the second assignment that Piers Pillinger gave me. Expressionist art is pretty ugly, and certainly no one as prim and proper as Miss Enid Ingleton would choose to hang anything like that on the walls.
The door opens, and Miss Ingleton comes in holding a tray with two ancient porcelain cups, a small silver milk jug, and a teapot of an unknown vintage hidden under a large knitted red tea cosy.
I explain that I don’t want milk or sugar, and fortunately she pours the tea quite quickly, before it can become too strong for me. She doesn’t even query my request for no milk.
“Tell me about your problem,” I say, as she hands me the cup and saucer with very steady hands. No rattling of the cup here. Looking at her now, I would put Miss Ingleton’s age in the early seventies, and she seems pretty on the ball. So I guess I’m not going to hear some tale that can only be put down to confused imagination.
“I think someone is coming to my house when I’m out,” she says. “It worries me, and I need to discover who it is. And that’s why I’ve called you here.”
“Do they break in?” I ask.
“Not at all,” she says, pouring some milk into her cup before pouring herself the tea that already looks considerably stronger. “Whoever is getting in leaves no trace behind.”
“Do you leave any windows open when you’re out?” I’m assuming she doesn’t, because she seems to know what she’s doing. But some people can be rather blind to these things, and never consider open windows as potential points of access.
“Never.”
I turn and glance at the wooden sash windows behind me. “Do you have locks on them?”
“Certainly,” she says, as though surprised by my question. “My now departed father was very concerned about burglars. Some of this furniture and these ornaments, and those four pictures are quite valuable.”
That doesn’t make sense. “Surely, Miss Ingleton, if someone is getting in, they would have already taken some of the ornaments and even those pictures.”
“It’s a mystery,” she says, taking a delicate sip of her tea. Without the milk, my tea is still rather hot, and I don’t want to burn my lips and cause a scene. “I have recently had everything in the house valued for insurance purposes, but that’s not the point. I really would miss some of these items. The insurance money wouldn’t be compensation for the personal loss.”
It certainly is a mystery, but if she thinks someone is getting in, it’s my job to either put her mind at rest, or discover who it is. Probably the former.
“Does anyone have a spare key?” That’s the obvious question to ask. And I don’t need to be a trained detective to think of it!
“Of course not, Mrs Jones. I would never trust anyone with a key. Especially not a tradesman.”
“Well, is it possible that someone borrowed a key once, and forgot to give it back?”
She shakes her head and looks at me as though I’ve insulted her. “I can assure you, Mrs Jones, that my memory is as sharp as it ever was.”
I don’t doubt that. “So what makes you suspicious?”
Miss Ingleton points a slim but firm hand at the wall to the left of the large red tiled fireplace. Probably also made locally. “One of those pictures disappeared two weeks ago. I know it did, but it was back the next morning when I came down.”
I can’t possibly suggest that her mind might be playing tricks on her. Anyway, she does seem to know what she’s talking about. But why would someone take a picture and then bring it back?
“So when I saw you on the television, I thought to myself, aha, that clever lady detective will know what’s happening.”
The clever lady detective must be me, but I’ve no idea if there’s a logical explanation, or if it’s all in the lady’s mind. For the moment I’ve got to assume she knows her stuff. Besides, she’s paying me for this visit, so she needs to get her money’s worth.
“I see. I can understand why you’re concerned. And you’re sure there is no other key?”
“Definitely not, Mrs Jones. I keep my key to the front door in my handbag all the time.”
“Does the back door have a lock, or is it just bolted on the inside?”
“Come and see. I don’t think even the most determined intruder could get through it. I told you about my father. He always said back doors are the most vulnerable points in a building.”
“He was right. And windows, of course. Even windows on the top floor. Some burglars can climb drainpipes if they spot a window that’s half open.”
She shakes her head. “Every window has a lock. When I go out, I make sure they are all closed. Even in hot weather. You can’t be too safe. That’s what my father always said.”
The man knew what he was talking about. It’s too easy to get into some houses. The back door has a key on the inside, and two substantial bolts, one top and one bottom. It reminds me a bit of the door at the top of the stairs at my apartment.
“Is there another door to the outside?”
She shakes her head and leads me back into the rather narrow hallway, where the smell of damp is more prominent. “You see that door? That leads down to the cellar. It’s rather damp down there.”
I can believe that. I go to turn the handle and she pulls me back. “It’s locked,” she says. “I never go down there. There used to be a hatch on the outside of the house for the coal man to deliver the coal down, but that’s long been sealed up.”
I try the door, and confirm that it is indeed locked. “And where do you keep the key?”
She shrugs her rather bony shoulders that are concealed by a thin grey cardigan. “On the top of the door frame.”
She reaches up and passes me the key. I go to try it in the lock, but she pulls me away. “I’d rather you didn’t disturb it. You’ve already tried the door and know it’s locked.”
I don’t know if there’s some dreadful secret down there, or she’s just worried about the smell of damp wafting up even more strongly. Anyway, there’s no point in pushing it. The door is definitely locked.
I think Abi Button would probably say that’s where the father is buried, but I refrain from making any such comment.
I go to examine the front door. That has to be the point of access, assuming the windows are always closed and the back door firmly bolted. There is a substantial five lever lock on the inside, and the key is in it.
“Excuse me asking, Miss Ingleton, but can you show me exactly what you do when you leave the house?”
“Certainly, Mrs Jones. I think you’ll find there’s nothing wrong there. Come outside and I’ll show you exactly what I do.”
Enid Ingleton removes the key from inside the front door and we both go outside. Then she inserts the key in the lock, turns it, and removes the key.
“When I go out, I put the key in my handbag. And when I come back I open the front door with the key, and lock it on the inside. You can’t be too careful.”
“I agree,” I say. “It always pays to be careful. And you definitely haven’t given a neighbour or a tradesman a key to borrow? If you have, they might have had it copied at the locksmith in Craidlea or Brevelstone.”
She shakes her head firmly. “Just this key. And the one under the flowerpot, of course.”

Chapter 17

Under the flowerpot? This has to be a joke, and I nearly burst out laughing. I glance at Enid Ingleton, and I don’t see a trace of a smile on her rather severe lips.
I decide it will be wise for the moment to make no comment. “Can you show it to me, please?”
There are two medium-sized stone pots each side of the front door with sad-looking geraniums in them. She tips the pot on the right slightly to one side and produces a brass five lever key. She hands it to me after wiping it with a tissue she’s produced from the sleeve of her grey cardigan.
The key has patches of green corrosion all over it. It’s a shame I let her pick it up. The oval end of the key might have contained traces of a fingerprint left by the last user. But it’s too late now.
Light seems to be dawning on her. “You think this is how the intruder gets in?”
Brilliant! But I say, “I think we have to consider it is a strong possibility. I think you are behaving most unwisely in leaving a key here, Miss Ingleton.”
“But it’s necessary, Mrs Jones. My father always said we need to leave a key hidden outside for emergencies, where someone can only find it when they are told where it is.”
I shake my head. Her father, the security fanatic, actually advised this?
“You never know when you’re going to need an ambulance,” she says, as though that is a suitable excuse.
“Maybe not under the stone pot,” I say. “I suggest you give the key to a neighbour. Do you know the person in the cottage just down the road?”
“That’s Mrs Miles. I think you’re right. I only hide the spare key here because of what Daddy said. You’re very wise, Mrs Jones.”
The cottage is only a couple of hundred yards away, but I don’t know how agile Miss Ingleton is, even though she has a car. And I have no idea how good a driver she is. Probably not too good, judging by the scuff marks on the white Polo.
“I’ll take you down in my car,” I offer. “We can explain the reason, and check that it’s all right for you to give her name and address if you need the emergency services, or perhaps the doctor. Then they can get in, even if....” I let my voice tail off. “You know what I mean. If you’re not able to get to the door for any reason.”
Miss Ingleton gets into my car, and a couple of minutes later we stop outside the cottage. The woman who comes to the door is about my age. She has two small children with her and that reminds me, I must be sure to get back in plenty of time to collect Liam from Button Up.
When the neighbour hears the reason for our call, she says of course she will keep the key. When Miss Ingleton explains where she has been keeping it, I can see Mrs Miles, the young mother, shaking her head.
“We are worried about Miss Ingleton,” she says to me quietly, when Miss Ingleton has gone out to admire the garden. “She thinks someone is getting into the house. Well, I’m not surprised. Fancy keeping the front door key under a flowerpot!”
“I don’t think anything has been taken,” I say. “It’s a mystery. I don’t know, it might be her imagination. Anyway, she should be safe enough now.”
I drive Miss Ingleton back to her house, and see her safely indoors. She tells me to be sure to send the account, and she will settle it quickly. Her father also told her to keep no bills unpaid for longer than twenty-four hours. I just wish her father had told her not to put the spare key under a flowerpot!
One final piece of advice I give is that it’s essential she calls in a locksmith to change the lock as soon as possible. Then she has to give one key to Mrs Miles and keep one herself. And definitely not another one under the flowerpot!
I feel I’ve done a good deed, whether there really has been an intruder, or it is Enid Ingleton’s imagination.

<><><><>

I’m on way back to Button Up, and my phone plays its jingle again, over the car radio. It’s on Bluetooth, so I can answer it. Perhaps my television appearance has made me famous. Five minutes on television beats several weeks leaving cards and flyers around town.
Yes, I’m right, it is another job. Well, an enquiry anyway. The job is a stolen dog. I suggest to the frantic woman that she ought to report it to the police, but she says she has already done that. They’ve made notes, but don’t seem to have done anything, and she’s prepared to pay a detective.
She thought I seemed very competent on television, so it’s just possible other people saw me in a different light than I saw myself.
I kept thinking in bed last night how much better I could have done if I’d only thought about the interview much more in advance. Well, if I get another interview I’ll know what to say and what not to say.
Yes, I tell the woman, I can call round in the morning, but now I have another booking to see to. She’s still telling me all about her gorgeous little dog as I back into the parking space at the rear of Button Up. I assure her I will do my best, and suggest she has a word with the neighbours in the meantime, and puts notices on the lampposts around the houses. The poor dog might only be lost, not stolen.
“You must be missing her very much,” I say unwisely. That brings forth a wail of tears. I really feel for the poor woman. I’ve never had a dog or any other pet, but I can imagine how she feels. I know a private detective is meant to stand back from an investigation and view everything dispassionately, only dealing with the cold facts. But I can’t do that. Yet more proof that I’m a bit of a softy.
The time has gone on, and Liam will be back from school very shortly. Melanie’s car is not here, so I know she’s gone to meet him. I think I’ll give Liam a surprise, maybe a big shock, when he sees my transformation.
I quickly change into casual, mumsy clothes, and carefully fit the ginger wig. It’s a pullback style, finishing in a substantial ponytail. I doubt Liam will recognise me. Well, I’m hoping he doesn’t. I want this disguise to fool someone who knows me.
I don’t think I’ve quite achieved that effect, but I have to admit my whole appearance looks realistic. I doubt anyone who doesn’t know me would realise I’m wearing a wig. I swing my head one way and then the other, and the ponytail swishes backwards and forwards. I quite fancy the style, if I could manage it with my own slightly curly hair, but I guess a long ponytail is not an option.
I’m going to need a secret camera and voice recorder. I put on my spectacles with the plain lenses and a built-in camera and recorder. The glasses worked successfully in the West End of London art gallery job I did for Piers Pillinger, and they have become one of my favourite bits of kit. The resolution isn’t amazing, but with the combination of recorded sound and video or still images, I just love wearing them.
The lenses actually look genuine, although they have no effect at all. They are slightly curved, equally on both sides, to make them look realistic. All I need to do is activate one of the two switches on the left hand arm, and record either stills or video. I’m sure the manager at the Play Centre will be impressed.
I can hear Melanie backing into her part of the parking space. I look out of my back window which is directly above the parking area, and Liam is getting out of the car. I hurry downstairs. I want to be sitting in Button Up when Liam arrives. There are several spare tables, and I sit in the one nearest the door. I have a cunning plan.
Pete is behind the service counter with young Hayley, and they seem more interested in each other than with me. Then Pete calls across, “Be with you in a moment, Janika.” And he goes back to chatting to Hayley.
Okay, so this disguise may not be perfect. I hear the door open and turn slowly. Liam is there with Melanie, and although I think Melanie has spotted me, Liam starts to walk straight past me. I reach out and grab him.
“You’re under arrest!” I say in as deep and husky a voice as I can manage.
He squeals, and turns, his fists raised. Then he laughs. “Why are you dressed like that, Janika?”
“Hasn’t Melanie told you?”
He grins. “She told me you’re taking me on a surveillance job. She didn’t say you’re going to be wearing fancy dress.”
Melanie glances at me and mutters an apology. “I’m sorry we’re a bit late. Liam insisted on going home to collect a few things. I think he’s keen.”
“Of course I’m keen,” Liam says. “Do I have to dress up like that, too?”
I take the boy by the shoulder gently, and lead him to the stockroom. There’s no point in telling the few customers what my plans are. Melanie follows us.
“You’re going to be my son for the rest of the afternoon,” I say, as I close the stockroom door. “Your school clothes are perfect for the job. We’re going to the Play Centre.”
The thought of Liam in a dress makes me laugh. Fortunately, Liam seems to have no idea what I’m thinking.
“This is going to be exciting,” he says. “I’ve never been on a stakeout before. That’s why I wanted to go home.”
I shake my head. “It’s not a stakeout, Liam. We’re going to be sitting at a table in the Play Centre cafeteria having refreshments. Melanie says you can choose what you have.”
I’m not quite sure that is exactly what Melanie agreed, but I look at her, and she nods. “Just not too much sugar. Okay?”
“Will it be dangerous?”
I sigh. I guess he’s not thinking about sugar. I wish Liam wouldn’t start raising possibilities of danger in front of Melanie. In a moment she’ll refuse permission for him to go with me. “All we have to do is sit and watch. I’ve got my magic glasses, as you call them.”
“I think this is going to be fun,” Liam says. “Melanie, can I have a donut before we go?”
Melanie shakes her head firmly. “You’ll be eating in the cafeteria, young man. And don’t forget to do exactly what Janika says. While you’re there, you have to pretend she’s your mum.”
Liam looks up at me. “You’ll do,” is all he says. Then, “Come on, let’s go. Have you got a gun, Janika?”
I groan. Why is the kid even thinking such a thing? I wonder if Melanie has got the same idea. “I’ve told you before, Liam, private detectives aren’t allowed guns.”
“But this might turn out to be dangerous,” Liam says, in a tone of voice that sounds as though he’s hoping it might.
“Well, it won’t. I can promise you that. Melanie wouldn’t let you come with me if there was the slightest risk. Do you still want to come?”
Liam jumps up and down in excitement. “Do I? Come on, Janika, let’s git this show on the road!”
I blink. Did he really say git?

Chapter 18

The Play Centre is fairly new, as far as I can gather. Down by the river, where a large cotton mill once stood, there are several commercial units and warehouses. One warehouse was a furniture distribution unit that closed a year or so ago, and the Play Centre took it over.
The mill was built in the late 1700s, and was initially powered by a waterwheel. In the early 1800s many houses were built for the workers and managers. The owner built a magnificent mansion for himself just out of town in the countryside. It’s the abode that is now occupied by Piers Pillinger, who has been kind enough to give me a couple of assignments.
Abi reckons that Piers is slightly dodgy, although I’ve not found that to be so. He deals in fine art, so perhaps some of his ventures sail a little bit close to the wind. I’ve certainly no wish to get involved in anything dodgy, and I think he knows that.
The mill was massively expanded with the advent of steam power, but went out of business soon after the end of the First World War which finished in 1918. By the time of the Second World War, which started in 1939, it was abandoned. However, Hitler’s Luftwaffe must have thought it had some value, because they dropped several large bombs on it in, I think, 1942. History has never been my strong point.
The ruined mill stayed derelict for many years, until the town council decided to flatten it and turn the area into a trading estate. The similar mill in Brevelstone was also empty, but it wasn’t on the Luftwaffe’s hit list. Or if it was, they missed it. So the Brevelstone town council decided relatively recently to turn the old mill and the outbuildings into a retail shopping outlet.
Liam sounds and looks genuinely excited as he gets into my Micra and buckles up his seatbelt. “Are you really going to pretend to be my mother?” he asks. “Melanie isn’t my real mum. I expect you know that. My real mummy lived with Steve. He’s my daddy. He’s now with me and Melanie.”
The boy goes quiet for a moment. I glance at him and he seems to be deep in thought. Then he says, “I like my mummy, but I didn’t like the young men she kept seeing, and they didn’t like me. That’s why Steve had to move out. I think it’s all for the best.”
The boy seems to have wisdom beyond his years. As far as I can gather, it certainly is all for the best. Liam’s real mother sounds a bit like – as some of the boys at school described one of the girls – a tart, going from one young man to the next. Melanie told me each young man resented Liam being around the place, and made his life miserable. I could cry for the kid.
As we approach the Play Centre, Liam turns to me. “I think your hair is darker ginger than mine, Janika, but I think you’ll make a good mummy for me today. Are you ever going to be a mummy?”
“I’m not married,” I say. “Ah, here’s an empty parking place. It’s a bit tight, so please keep quiet while I back into it.”
“You don’t need to be married to have a baby,” Liam says. “Mummy and Steve weren’t married. But daddy is married to Melanie now. That’s why she’s called Mrs Donovan.”
“Hush a minute, Liam. I need to back in carefully.”
Hopefully, we’re not going to get onto the subject of single and married motherhood. Melanie doesn’t mind me buying some junk food for Liam this afternoon, but I doubt she’s ready for a relative stranger to explain the full facts of life to her stepson.
I manage to park successfully, and as we go into the Play Centre Liam looks around. “Where’s the daddy? I thought we are going to be a family.”
“The daddy is going to be Toby,” I explain. “Now listen carefully, Liam. As far as everyone in the Play Centre will think, the three of us are a family. You know Toby, don’t you?”
Liam nods. “Yes of course I do. He’s your boyfriend. So are you going to have his baby?”
I feel myself going red, but I try to put on an unconcerned voice. “No, Liam, we’re just friends. Toby will be here in about half an hour, and whatever you do, please don’t say anything to him about babies.”
“That’s all right, Janika, I understand.”
I’m not sure exactly what the boy does understand about babies in relationships, and I just have to hope he doesn’t embarrass me in front of Toby.
My instructions from Mr Blewitt, the manager, are to enter the Play Centre and go to the cafeteria and find a table. We are not to announce our presence to anyone we see, but I have to phone him on his private number. He will then give me instructions on where we are to meet for a briefing.
Several of the tables are occupied by mums and children, or grandparents and children. The centre of attraction, the play area, is fenced in with high mesh, like a large cage at the zoo. There are slides and climbing frames the other side of the mesh, and all sorts of exciting bits and pieces. I’d have loved it at Liam’s age. Probably not so much now.
Liam asks if he can go and get a ticket and go into the play area. He can see a friend in there.
I shake my head. “We may need to leave here quickly, Liam, and there wouldn’t be time to get you.”
The shouts and screams from the children who are already in the play area is making it difficult to talk. Liam looks up at me, and sounds very grown-up as he says, “I won’t go there today, Janika. I’d rather stay with you doing detective work.”
We sit down at a table near the entrance, and I phone to let Mr Blewitt know we’re here. He tells me to hang on for a few minutes, as he’s involved with the accountant. I tell him that’s fine, and if he’s not going to come down for a bit we’ll get something to eat so we won’t look suspicious just hanging around at an empty table.
I know the job has to do something with the customers’ lockers, so perhaps I ought to try them out, just to get the hang of the procedure. I can see a notice that says a pound coin is needed to operate them.
I have a pound coin in my bag, so I open one of the lockers at random, insert the coin, close the door without putting anything in, and remove the key. Simple.
We sit at an empty table, and I put the key on it. Liam fingers the red circular tag with a silver number 004. “Why did you open the locker and put nothing in it?” he asks.
I don’t really want to discuss exactly why we’re here. Liam might get overexcited and give everything away. I’m about to ask him what he would like to eat, when he calls out that Toby is coming. I wasn’t expecting him this early, but it certainly makes our presence less suspicious. And I have to admit that seeing Toby coming through the doors gives me quite a thrill.
Toby comes across and gives me a kiss on the cheek, and rubs his hand on the top of Liam’s head. I’m glad he didn’t do that to me, or he might have misplaced my wig. I have to admit Toby is a good actor. Not only did he come across as though he was part of the family, but he hasn’t even commented on my wig. And he managed to keep a straight face.
“So what’s happening?” he asks, sitting down between me and Liam. “Are we going to eat? The smell of food is making me hungry. I didn’t have time for lunch, as I had to work through it. That’s why I’ve been able to finish early.”
Liam asks if he can have a large Coke. “Melanie says you can get me one.”
I shake my head, laughing. The boy is cunning. “Melanie definitely didn’t say anything about it being large.” I get a two pound coin out of my bag and give it to him. “Buy the largest you can get with that, and if there’s any change, I want it. Okay?” And I smile.
Liam picks up the coin thoughtfully. He closes his hand on it and turns to Toby. “Do you think I’ll be able to get a large Coke with this?”
Liam opens his hand, and it’s empty. I look at Toby, and have to laugh at his expression. Liam closes his hand again, shakes it around a bit, and opens it. This time it contains just a single penny. “I don’t think this is enough for a Coke,” he says, sounding really upset. The lad is a showman as well as a good magician.
“Do that again,” Toby says. “I think that’s wonderful.”
Liam shakes his head. “I’m sorry, but a good magician never repeats his tricks.”
He closes his hand again, and when he opens it the penny has gone. He stares at Toby for a moment. “Hey,” he says, “what you doing with my money?” He reaches forward quickly and seems to pull it from Toby’s ear.
Toby starts to clap, but I signal to him to quieten down. “We don’t want to draw attention to ourselves,” I say. “We’re supposed to be just a quiet family sitting here and minding our own business.”
Toby continues to clap, but silently, just tapping his hands together. “That’s brilliant, Liam. I’ve heard all about your conjuring, but I wasn’t expecting to see it today.” He turns to me. “Well, if we’re going to be waiting around a bit, I’m going with Liam to see what there is to eat. Come on, Liam, I’m starving. And what do you want, Janika?”
I laugh at Toby’s eagerness to eat. “I think it’s mostly kids’ stuff. Fish fingers, burgers, hotdogs, chips, stuff like that. Come back and tell me what they do. I’ll stay here and keep this table. It’s getting a bit busy now.”
Toby rubs his hands together. “Perfect. I can indulge my childhood fantasies. Children’s food, and no one to tell me what I can and can’t have. Come on, Liam, let’s see what there is!”
“We’re here for work,” I say, but I’m sure Toby hasn’t heard me. He’s already at the counter, reading the large menu board. I look at the two of them. They are like a couple of excited kids. Well, one of them is a kid.
I think back to Poland and Bruno. If Bruno hadn’t been such a bully, I might be here now with my own boy. He’d be younger than Liam, but he would be my real son, not a pretend one borrowed for surveillance purposes.

Chapter 19

My phone rings. It’s Mr Blewitt the Play Centre manager. He doesn’t want to be seen talking with me, in case one of the staff members is involved. Quite what they might be involved in he hasn’t told me yet.
“Can you come out to the car park, please? I’ve already seen on the CCTV that you’ve got your make-believe family with you. It all looks convincing. Meet me around the back on your own, where the waste skips are. And please walk slowly so as not to attract attention.”
I feel tempted to say that of course the make-believe family looks convincing. I’m a professional, a fully qualified private detective. I also know how to walk without attracting attention, with or without wearing a ginger wig! But all I do is nod. Presumably he’s watching me on the CCTV.
I leave our bags on the seats at the table, and go across to the service counter to explain to Toby and Liam that I’m going to get a final briefing on the job. Liam wants to come with me, as he says he’s training to be a detective, so he needs to understand what’s going on. I explain gently that this isn’t a game, so all he needs to do is to stay put with Toby and not get involved.
Liam says he quite understands. He gives me a brief hug and tells me to keep safe. Naturally, Toby does the same. It’s good to know that two men are concerned for me. Not that anything can go wrong. I have to trust the manager. After all, not only Toby but the staff at Button Up know where I am, so I’m not likely to be abducted round by the waste skips.
As I walk away slowly and casually, I hear Liam call out that he’s bursting for a wee, and he can’t wait.
“Go,” I say. “But come straight back to daddy. I’m just going out for a bit of fresh air.”
When I think about it, Liam’s diversion is great. We do indeed seem like a family just here for something to eat and perhaps to let our “son” play on the equipment. I couldn’t have arranged it better if I’d tried.
The manager introduces himself as Mr Blewitt. It’s all rather formal, but then this is a professional assignment. “I want you to keep an eye on the lockers,” he says. I think he’s trying to put on a rather posh voice, and he may have ideas above his station. Altogether, I find the man rather sleazy, more like the old-fashioned manager of a nightclub than a kids’ play centre.
He almost leers at me as he says, “If you stay at the table where you’re already sitting, you’ll be able to keep an eye on the lockers without raising suspicion. Please try not to be too obvious.”
Since he’s the client that will be paying, or the representative of the client that will be paying, I let that pass. “So what are we looking for?”
“The CCTV isn’t very good,” Mr Blewitt explains. “The CCTV in the car park is even worse. It hasn’t worked for nearly two years. I’ve told the management company, but they say it’s perfectly adequate as long as I do my job properly. They mean me keeping an eye on things rather than sitting in my office and relying on the television screen.”
That sounds reasonable to me, but I refrain from comment. So I stay silent. That’s an old trick the police use in interviews. If you keep quiet, the guilty person will be bound to feel obliged to say something, and it’s often something incriminating.
But I’m not here to be questioned, and I certainly have no reason to feel guilty. As far as I can tell, having Toby and Liam with me, is exactly what’s required.
“You can call me Don,” Mr Blewitt says at last, winking at me. “Is it all right if I call you Janika?”
I think he’s trying to chat me up. Well, I’m not going to walk away. I need the job and I need the money, but there’s no way I’m going to get involved with this middle-aged podgy sleaze ball. So I just have to grin and bear it.
“Janika, all the staff and many of the customers know me by sight. I can’t sit at the tables in the cafeteria and keep an eye on the lockers. That’s why I need you. Management has agreed to meet your expenses in full, but I think we’re not going to need you for long if I’m right. It’s Wednesday today, and that’s when it usually happens.”
“When what usually happens ... Don?”
“I think the owner is making too much fuss, but I need to keep him happy if I’m going to stay here in my job. We’re going to be really busy soon. Kids coming in from school, and families coming in for something to eat and a bit of relaxation. I can’t really describe the man to you. He looks so ordinary. Depending on the weather, he may or may not be wearing a jacket. He’s average height, and as far as I can tell from the CCTV he doesn’t have a beard or moustache. And he has a small child with him.”
I feel like saying that if the CCTV is so poor that you can’t distinguish a beard or moustache from a clean-shaven face, it definitely needs replacing.
“So, Janika, if this man comes today he’ll have small child with him. He’ll stand and look around. He’ll be carrying a sports bag. He’ll deposit it in one of the lockers, lock the locker, look around a bit more, and then slowly make his way out, holding the small child’s hand.”
“Okay so far. What do you expect will happen next?”
“Janika, that’s the problem. He uses a different locker every time, but I can identify it from the television monitor. Well, more or less identify it. When we clean up and go to close up the Play Centre for the night, my staff always check the lockers to make sure nothing has been left behind. To be honest with you, Janika, they seem quite keen to do it because there may be the occasional pound coin left behind in the mechanism.” He laughs. “Every night they report nothing left behind. So what has happened to the bag?”
I really don’t take to the man, and I’ll be glad to get this job over with. But although I still have plenty of savings, I really do need jobs that pay well. Hopefully, this will be one of them.
“So you want me to notice the specific locker. Assuming he comes this afternoon and I can identify the man.”
“And take some photographs of him, of course, Janika.”
“Will do. And do I phone you immediately and let you know the number of the locker?”
“That’s it, Janika. Just let me know the locker number, and leave it with me. I have a master key, and will check that locker out later.”
My brain is turning over quite quickly with bright ideas, even though I want to be back with Toby and Liam as soon as possible. “It occurs to me, Don, that the locker may be empty when you check at closing time, because the mystery man passes the key to someone who comes in to retrieve whatever it is in the bag. It’s called a drop in the trade.”
Don strokes his chin thoughtfully. He raises a chubby finger. “Very clever, Janika. You’re certainly a sharp one. The man with you. Is he an actor you’ve hired for the occasion?”
Any woman, not even one trained to be a detective, could see where this is going. “He’s my fiancé,” I say quickly.
I can see a flash of disappointment in Don’s face. Or maybe it’s jealousy. I’m not sure if Abi would approve of that outright lie. She’s like Sam, and understands God in a way I don’t. I’ve learned enough to know that no one is born a Christian. You have to become one. I don’t think I’m ready or good enough for that yet. Come to think of it, I can’t see how anyone is. I guess I’m not understanding something important. But what would Abi think if I asked?
“I hope you’re up to the job, Janika,” Don says in an unexpectedly hard voice.
“Absolutely,” I say.
Now that Don realises he isn’t in with a chance – as if he ever was – everything has become very professional. My dread now is that he will come into the cafeteria and congratulate Toby on our engagement. And to make matters worse, Liam will probably tell him I’m going to have Toby’s baby!
“I think you should go back to your office now, Don. You don’t want to be seen in the cafeteria in case anyone is watching. If you’re seen with us, we might as well forget about anything suspicious happening.”
Don says he understands, and he’s relying on me absolutely. The way he says it, makes me think I’m going to get blamed if it all goes wrong. The parting is rather frosty, and I make my way back to the main entrance and the cafeteria.
Toby is sitting on his own, looking rather anxious. When he sees me, he jumps to his feet.
“Where’s Liam?” I ask.
“He went to the loo when you left here,” Toby says. “And he’s not come back. I didn’t want to leave here to look for him until you came, in case he came back and was worried when he couldn’t see me. I’m going to look for him now.”
“But he’s been gone for ages in that case,” I say. “Be quick. I hope nothing has happened to him. You never know who’s hanging around in these places.”

Chapter 20

At that moment, Liam appears, walking slowly back to the table, his hands in his pockets. I don’t know what he’s got in them, but his right pocket looks a bit bulky.
“Where have you been?” I ask. “Toby has been worried about you. It doesn’t take that long to go to the loo.”
Liam just shrugs. “Some things take longer than others. I’ve been perfectly safe, thank you.”
“And what have you got in your pocket?”
Pulls out a mobile phone. “Only this. Melanie always wants me to have it when I’m out. What’s the problem?”
I don’t think he means to sound rude. He’s probably embarrassed that he’s got some sort of stomach trouble, and he has no intention of discussing it with me or Toby. I suddenly feel a bit sorry for the kid.
“Are you feeling unwell?” I ask.
“Fine now,” Liam says, sitting down at our white plastic topped circular table. “I’m ready to eat when you are. Toby decided not to order the food until you came back.”
“I’ll stay here and reserve the table. Toby, you take Liam. Fish fingers, chips and beans will be fine for me. Or anything that looks edible. Get a receipt. I can put it down to expenses. And, Liam, have something plain if you’ve got an upset tummy.”
I’m keeping an eye on the lockers, and several families with children use them, and then go straight into the play area. It’s mostly outdoor shoes and coats that go into them.
Toby and Liam soon return with a large wooden spoon standing in a vase. It has a 6 written in black on both sides. I hope the food comes soon. I’m feeling surprisingly hungry.
“This is exciting, Janika,” Liam says. “Do you think you’ll catch the man?”
I’m not sure where Liam picked up that bit of information. “Don’t keep looking round at the lockers, Liam.”
“I think we should all face the lockers,” he says solemnly. “Let’s move our chairs a bit and we can sit closer together.”
I can’t see any harm in that, and we shuffle our chairs closer together. I have to admit we seem to be a very united family.
Very subtly Liam takes hold of my arm and whispers, “He looks like the baddie.”
I think Liam is right. The man is well in his forties, and he has a small girl with him. He’s standing around, and glancing at each table. “Don’t look at him,” I whisper.
“Don’t look at who?” Toby says.
“Oh, he’s a baddie all right,” Liam whispers. “You can always tell when someone is up to no good. That’s why he’s checking everyone out. I’ve been reading detective books.”
“Right,” I say to Liam and Toby, “stop looking at the man. Talk to each other in a natural way.”
Toby frowns. “Talk about what?”
“School, Button Up, the food you’ve ordered. Anything. Just don’t look suspicious.”
The man is wearing a brown bomber jacket and jeans, and casually opens one of the lockers, inserts a coin and puts something into it that looks like a small sports bag. I can’t see exactly what it is, but it’s certainly not clothing or shoes. Then he makes his way to the food counter with the child and orders something.
“We need to open the locker and see what he’s put in there,” Liam says.
I make a tutting noise and tell Liam that he shouldn’t have been watching. Anyway, how does he know why we’re here? The boy must be gifted with some sort of intuition. If he’s that smart, I’m sure detective work will be right for him when he leaves school. Probably a detective with the police force rather than going private. More job security there.
The man saunters back with a packet of crisps he gives to the little girl. He doesn’t pause by his locker, but continues slowly out through the main entrance.
Liam leans forward and grabs my locker key from the table, pushes his chair back noisily and darts out through the entrance, following the man. What on earth is the kid up to?
“Stay here,” I say to Toby. “I’m going to rescue Liam before he gets into trouble.”
As soon as he’s out through the main entrance, Liam slows down. It looks like he’s following the man and the small girl. I think he’s taking his amateur detective status to a new level.
The man and then Liam disappear round the corner of the building. I need to speed up. As I round the corner Liam is standing there.
He waves frantically to me to stay back. Since he doesn’t seem to be in any immediate danger, I come to a halt. But I’m ready to leap to his defence at any moment if necessary.
Liam puts his finger to his lips. “Don’t spoil it, Janika. Keep right back. I’m in charge of this.”
There’s no sign of the man and the small girl, and at least Liam is safe. And there was me telling Melanie there was absolutely no danger in this job.
“Liam,” I say quietly, as I grab hold of his left arm, “what on earth do you think you’re doing? You’re supposed to stay with us. That man could have been dangerous if he realised he was being followed.”
“I know how to follow someone without being noticed,” Liam says. “I’m going to be a real detective one day, like you. I told you, I’ve been reading about it.”
“Liam, this isn’t a game. And why did you take the locker key?”
I hear a car driving off, and Liam signals to me to wait. Then he runs forward to some ornamental shrubs a few yards away. He bends down for something, and returns quickly. Without a word, I lead him back to the Play Centre, holding his arm firmly. There’s no way he’s going to run away again. Not that it feels as though he’s trying to pull himself free.
“I’ll tell you when we get back to our table,” he mutters. “Perhaps our food will come. I hope so.”
The boy sounds obstinate, so I guess I’ll have to wait until we’re sitting down to learn the reason for the little escapade.
Toby is looking anxious as we reappear. “I nearly came after you,” he says. “I’m glad Liam hasn’t come to any harm. I was really worried.”
Liam plonks the key with the red tag on the table, and turns towards the service counter. “Where’s our food? I’m starving. Absolutely starving. School lunches are rubbish, and I don’t always eat much.”
I’m about to tell Liam that he doesn’t deserve any food, running away like that, when he looks up at me. “I don’t think you’re a very clever detective, Janika,” he says, with a cheeky grin.
He’s looking at the key on the table. “You’re not supposed to be a detective,” I say. “You’re here just so we look like a family.”
Liam continues his cheeky grin. “You haven’t noticed the number on the key,” he says quietly, in some jubilation. He nods towards it. “Go on, look at it.”
As soon as I pick it up, I can see the significance of what he’s just said. Instead of 004 on the tag it says 012!
Liam can see the surprise on my face, and says, “That’s the best magic trick I’ve ever done.”
“I don’t understand,” I say. “Where did this key come from? And where is our key?”
A woman calls out our table number and Toby raises his hand. So I have to wait to get an answer from Liam until we all have our food and drinks.
“Liam,” I say firmly, “you don’t touch your food until you explain why I’ve got a different key.”
“It’s the baddy’s key,” he says, eyeing his burger and chips. “Now you can find out what he put in the locker.”
My mind is in a whirl. Liam is not supposed to know the real reason why we’re here. All I told Melanie was that we were going to the Play Centre to keep an eye on someone. I didn’t mention anything to her about lockers and keys.
“Tell me exactly what you know about this job,” I say. “And no, don’t start picking at your burger yet.”
Liam already has a chip in his hand, and I don’t try to stop him eating it. “And that’s your lot, Liam, until you tell me what you know. And I mean it.”
Liam sighs then takes a deep breath. “All right, but you’ll get the blame if I starve to death.”
I have to laugh, and I can see Toby is amused, but he looks as puzzled as I probably do.
“When you met Mr Blewitt round the back of the building, he told you all about the lockers.”
Liam goes to pick up another chip, but I pull his hand away. “How do you know what Mr Blewitt said to me?”
Liam reaches into my bag and rummages around. Then he produces a very small black plastic box with a green logo that I recognise as a basic bug. “Liam, you put that in there! It all makes sense now. That’s why you disappeared for so long when I was seeing Mr Blewitt. And there was me thinking you had an upset tummy.”
“Daddy bought it for me for fun. I can listen to it on my phone. Don’t be cross with me, Janika. I think I’ve done something very clever. Almost magic.”
I’ll have to discuss with Melanie the wisdom of letting a nine-year-old boy have equipment capable of eavesdropping on conversations. I’d hate to think of Liam listening to intimate conversation between her and his dad.
“So I followed the man to see where he was going,” Liam says, unabashed. “I could see he had the key in his hand as he walked out of here, and when he got by those bushes he bent down as though adjusting his shoe. But to me it looked like he was hiding the key.”
I don’t know whether to congratulate the boy for great ingenuity, or scold him for doing something that could have been really risky.
Toby turns to Liam. I’ve noticed none of us has started on our food, thanks to Liam. I’m also feeling starved. Perhaps there will be three skeletons sitting here next week. “So where is Janika’s key?” he asks.
“Oh,” Liam says, “it’s under the bush. Don’t you see?”
“You’d better explain,” I say. “You may have messed up the whole surveillance task with your detective games.”
“It’s like this,” Liam says, with exaggerated patience. “Someone else is going to pick up the key and come here to get whatever is in locker number 12. They probably don’t know the exact locker, but that they will know when they see the key.”
I’m starting to understand Liam’s thinking. But before I can say anything, Liam says, “He’ll find nothing in locker 4, and he’ll probably be angry. As soon as he puts the key in locker 4, you phone Mr Blewitt and he’ll come down and arrest him.” He points to the key on the table. Number 12. “And when he’s been arrested, we can open this locker, and see what’s in there. What do you think of that, Janika?”

Chapter 21

“That’s sort of clever,” I say to Liam. “And you can start eating now. Okay, so we have the key to the other locker. But the manager won’t be able to arrest the person who comes with our key. They might be perfectly innocent. We don’t know what’s in the package.”
Liam looks unhappy. I didn’t mean to let him down so badly. “You’ve been very clever, Liam, but I need to think what to do next. This Play Centre doesn’t close until eight. The person with our key might come at any time. We can’t sit here all evening.”
Liam is now sitting between me and Toby. Toby reaches round behind Liam and taps me on the shoulder. I look at him, and he is mouthing a word. It can only be one word – drugs!
That thought has already occurred to me, but I hadn’t said anything to Toby. I have no intention of getting Liam mixed up in a drugs drop.
“I’m phoning Courtney at Brevelstone CID,” I say. “Liam, you stay here with Toby. I’m going outside to make a private call. And, Toby, I’ll be able to watch through the large windows. Signal to me if someone comes to our locker. I’ve got my magic spectacles, and I can take a few photographs of them without them knowing.”
Liam seems happy to stay with his food and Toby, and is already well into his burger, his mouth covered in red ketchup.
Courtney Jacobs answers immediately, and calls me by my name. I know she has my name on her phone. Quickly I explain about the surveillance, and the possibility of drugs being involved.
“I’m not free at the moment, and there’s no one here in CID who is,” she says. “I’ll phone your local police station, and they can send someone in plainclothes. And if someone does turn up in the meantime, don’t attempt to stop them.”
“Understood. I’ve got my glasses with the camera and microphone. I can go up to them and ask the time and get some good close-ups.”
Courtney tells me to go back to my table and not do anything, except get the photographs if someone turns up and tries the locker before a police officer comes. And she says I am definitely not to open the suspect locker. Not under any circumstances. She laughs. “If it is drugs, I don’t want you getting arrested for handling them!”
I go back and explain to Toby what Courtney has said. Obviously, Liam is listening, and I warn him not to do anything except eat his food.
He looks so innocent, tucking into his burger, that I feel sorry that I told him off. But I had promised Melanie that all we were doing was surveillance. Safe surveillance.
Twenty minutes later the food has long gone, and Toby reaches behind Liam and taps me on the shoulder again. He nods towards the entrance where a man is coming in on his own. I can see why Toby thinks it’s suspicious.
The man looks towards us, and frowns. He doesn’t go to the lockers, but makes his way over to us. He pulls out a chair. “Is this seat free?”
I realise immediately who he is. “Yes, sit down. I imagine Brevelstone CID have been in touch and explained about the job.”
“Are you a policeman?” Liam asks, rather too loudly for my liking.
The man nods.
“You’re not wearing uniform,” Liam says. The lad is certainly observant!
“I’m a police officer,” the man explains. “We don’t always wear uniform. Do you think we could swap places? I can’t see the lockers from here without turning round all the time.”
Rather reluctantly, Liam agrees. Of course, when he sits the other side of the table he keeps turning round, but surely no one is going to suspect a nine-year-old boy of keeping a close watch on the lockers. So I don’t try to stop him.
The time moves on, and I’m concerned that Melanie might be worried. So I phone her, and she says it’s fine, as long as Liam is back soon after eight. Since that’s the time the Play Centre closes, that’s not going to be a problem.
I also phone the manager. I explain what’s happened, and that a police officer is here to make an arrest if necessary. And I tell him not to come down, because he’s known to the staff, and for all we know it’s a staff member who is involved.
He seems quite happy to keep out of it, but asks me to be sure to keep him updated. So we sit at the table, patiently waiting for something to happen – some of us more patiently than others. Liam says he’s bored, and if this is what detective work is like, he’s just going to be a magician when he grows up, and not a magic detective!
I’m still not sure what a magic detective is, but I have to admit the job title sounds a lot more exciting than waiting for someone to turn up to look inside a locker. Or not turn up, as the case may be.
Eventually, at 7:30 our patience is rewarded. A man walks in on his own. That isn’t suspicious, because he might have come to meet someone. The cafeteria is closing, but he buys a bar of chocolate, and turns to the play area behind the wire mesh, and waves wildly. As far as I can see, there’s no one there who acknowledges his wave. He glances around at the few tables that are now occupied, but we don’t seem to put him off. He produces a locker key, examines the tag, and goes to locker 4, our locker.
He opens it, stands back looking surprised, then feels around inside. Since the door is the full width of the locker, it’s obvious there’s nothing in it, but he continues to feel around.
Satisfied that it’s empty, and there’s not even a spider hiding inside, he stands back and pulls out his phone and punches in some numbers.
Almost immediately he starts speaking. We watch him nodding, and then he makes his way to locker 12. He tries our key in the lock, but realises it’s no use doing that.
“You all wait here,” the police officer says. “I’m going to pretend I’m on the staff.”
I grab hold of Liam to make sure he obeys. We are close enough to hear the conversation, because the police officer speaks loudly.
“Can I help you, sir? These lockers can be a bit tricky.”
The man shows the officer his key, but keeps his thumb over the number. He tries it in the lock again and shakes his head. “I don’t understand it.”
“No problem, sir. We always keep the master key handy.” The officer also conceals the number on the key that Liam brought back as he puts it in the lock and turns it.
The officer is still opening the door when the man reaches in and grabs the sports bag we saw being locked in there earlier.
“Just a moment, sir. I need to be sure this is your property.”
“Absolutely,” the man says. “It’s mine, I promise.” But he holds it to one side.
“In that case,” the policeman says, “I have to inform you that I’m a police officer, and I’m arresting you on suspicion of handling stolen goods.”
I already have the camera in my glasses switched on, so we will at least have a record of what happens. The man pushes the officer over and races towards the main door.
I realise that Mr Blewitt is standing there. I hadn’t noticed him come down. He’s probably been watching on the CCTV. He slams the glass door shut as the man reaches it, preventing his escape.
It’s all over. The police officer snaps the handcuffs onto the man’s wrists and reads him his rights. Of course, the man protests that he’s done nothing, and the officer tells him that he’s resisted arrest after getting access to a locker to which he didn’t have a key, and tried running away. Further charges may and will follow when the contents of the bag have been inspected.
Very few families remain, but those that do hang around to see what happens next. The man says he was mistaken over the locker number, and repeats that the bag is nothing to do with him.
The officer puts on some latex gloves and sniffs inside the bag. “Cannabis,” is all he says. Then he turns to the man. “You’ve got a lot of explaining to do.”
“I’m telling you, it’s nothing to do with me, and you can’t prove it,” the man insists. “I got muddled over the locker number. I only came here to meet my wife and child. It seems they’ve already left. When I saw the bag in that locker I would have handed it in at the office. Honest.”
I can’t really believe any judge would buy that clearly fabricated excuse. If he sticks to his story, he’s going to have a job explaining how he got hold of the locker key.
I’ll have to ask Abi’s husband Danny what he thinks. He’s a clever young lawyer in town. Only a junior one, but Abi is convinced he’ll be a partner soon at the large legal practice of Branks, Davis & Waters where he works.
Liam is squeaking with excitement, and I’m sure he doesn’t think detective work is boring now. And that reminds me, I need to get him safely home. The officer says Toby and I need to call in at the station and give a statement this evening if possible.
I explain about my glasses, and he looks surprised until he hears who I am. Then he congratulates me. That’s probably a first for the local Craidlea police.
The officer is still waiting for backup as I drive away, with Liam bubbling with excitement. He’s going to tell Melanie and Steve how he was a hero, and if it wasn’t for him, the man wouldn’t have been caught.
I’m not sure that’s strictly correct, because if Liam hadn’t exchanged the keys under the bushes, the man would have come in with the right key and opened the locker, and still been arrested.
No, I’m wrong. The man wouldn’t have made the phone call if he had the right key. So the police now have that number, and should be able to infiltrate the network. Well done, Liam. You are indeed a hero!

Chapter 22

Melanie sounded a bit upset to hear Liam’s side of the story when I got him home. I promised there had been no danger at all, because we were keeping an eye on Liam the whole time.
Somehow, Liam’s account of how he had run out to follow the first man didn’t have any great details attached to it. Melanie and Steve seemed to get the impression that I’d been with Liam all the time. So I could see no reason to clarify the situation.
I think Toby is as excited as Liam. He said he’ll meet me by my office. The Play Centre will be locking the main gate soon, and he has to get his car out. Button Up is long closed, and anyway we’ve already eaten. How about a stroll round the small park at the end of my road?
I’m also feeling excited. Or rather, feeling drained from all the excitement. I know I was worried about Liam’s safety, and Toby’s as well. As I drive into my parking place I can see Toby’s Corsa already parked where Melanie leaves her car in the daytime.
He jumps out quickly and like a gentleman he comes round to open my door. But there’s no kiss, just a smile. And at the moment that’s fine with me. I don’t want to rush into anything. In fact, I’m not sure now that I want any changes in my life. Ever.
Toby points up to the sky. It’s nearly dark now, and slightly cloudy, but it’s a warm evening. “Do you still want to sit in the park and talk?” he asks, gently taking hold of my arm.
“That’s the plan,” I say, moving closer to him. Actually, it feels good to have Toby with me. Surprisingly good.
We walk down the road in silence. That’s another good thing. We are obviously both relaxed enough not to keep up constant chatter. As far as I can tell, the park is empty. I’m glad about that. It wasn’t long ago that I was here with Detective Inspector Dickinson. What I took to be a drunk homeless man sitting facing us on the other side of the park, turned out to be a drunk gunman waiting to kill us.
Toby lets go of my arm as we sit down, but he sits so we are still making body contact. “That was quite an adventure,” he says, breaking the silence. “Are all your jobs as exciting as that?”
“Usually much more exciting. Quite honestly, that was rather boring.”
He laughs. That’s good. I can make jokes and don’t have to explain that they are jokes. I’m glad he doesn’t take everything I say literally.
“Any other jobs on?”
“Miss Enid Ingleton,” I say. I’ve forgotten all about her. “I met her this afternoon in Cleystowe. I don’t know if my visit was a waste of time or not. Anyway, she’s paying me for my time. She’s a fanatic about home security, yet she keeps a spare key under a large flowerpot by the front door.”
“Assuming it’s not confidential, can you tell me why she called you in?”
“She thinks someone has been getting into the house. But nothing has been taken, as far as she knows. My belief is that it’s all in the mind, but I’d feel awful if something happened and I told her it was just her imagination.”
“Do you think she’s delusional?”
I lean closer against Toby. “She seems rational enough, but I guess you never can tell.”
“And nothing has been taken? So how does she know someone has got in?”
“Good question, Toby. She has quite a few antiques and collectables. And there are four pictures on the wall. Watercolour paintings.”
“Do they look valuable?”
I shake my head. “I didn’t even examine them closely. I know I did that job for Piers Pillinger where I had to pretend to be an art expert, but these are what I would call traditional paintings. Atmospheric seascapes with sailing boats reflected in calm water. Sort of like photographs. Definitely not Impressionist or Expressionist paintings, or I might have looked at them closely.”
“But if they are valuable, they would have been the first thing to go, surely. It sounds as though the lady is imagining things. Are you seeing her again?”
“I told her to get her lock on the front door changed, but I’m not sure she’s going to do it. I’m going to check she’s done something about it when I see her.”
“I think that’s very kind of you, Janika. Not many people would do that. They’d give the advice then shrug their shoulders and walk away. Is everything else secure?”
“It’s only the front door. The back door has bolts, so if anyone really is getting in at night, or when she’s out, the front door has to be the place. Her windows all have locks, and she assures me they are always kept locked when she’s out.”
Toby laughs gently. I love that laugh. “And yet she leaves the key under the flowerpot.”
“I’m seeing her tomorrow, and that’s the end of it. I don’t want to string her along on a high hourly rate. She’s already agreed to pay my travelling expenses. I think she’s quite well off, but that’s not the point. Maybe I’ll call by in a week or so, and see if she’s changed the lock. I wouldn’t have the heart to charge her for another call, but I am bothered about her security.”
Toby puts his arm round me now, and I make no attempt to pull away. “I’m getting very fond of you, Janika,” he says quietly. “I have to say I find you a bit of a mystery. You’re a very private person. I think that’s part of the attraction.” And he pulls me closer.
I find myself moving away slightly. “I like you, Toby, but I’m not sure I’m the right person for you. I’m carrying a lot of baggage. Maybe that’s why I’m a private person. A lot of my life is too painful to share.”
Toby shuffles up closer to me again. “I’m not bothered about what you were, Janika. All that matters to me is who you are now. I see you as someone who’s gone through the mill, and come out with a beautiful nature. Perhaps suffering does that to people.”
I stay silent. I was going to mention about Kate and how Toby seems to have got over that without too much damage. But what do I know?
“Let’s not rush it,” I say quietly. “I’m happy with things as they are for the moment.”
Toby puts his mouth against my ear. I’m not sure if I’m ready for him to nibble it yet, but he whispers, “We’re being watched. Act naturally.”
I stretch and lean back and stare at the sky, then look down at the seats on the other side of the park. I can’t see anyone. “Where?”
“A woman was standing in that gateway in the wall. She’s gone now. I think she was watching us.”
“Paula?”
“Could have been. I only saw her for a second when I looked round to see if anyone else was here.”
“Stay put,” I say, taking off at speed. Perhaps my early morning running has been good for me. The wall on that side of the park is quite tall, with an arched gateway, but no gate. There’s a road on the other side. There’s no sign of anyone, but she might be round the corner where there’s a maze of small roads. What would be point in confronting her, anyway? She knows she’s been seen. That should be enough to make her stop annoying us
I turn round to find Toby already on his way to join me. “Has she gone?”
I nod. “Leave it, Toby. She could be anywhere. At least she wasn’t getting into a black Ford Focus.”
Toby puts his arm round mine and leads me gently back to the seat. “Janika, even if it was Paula, she can’t do anything to hurt us. And I’m determined she’s not going to do anything to tear us apart. Promise.”
We sit down again and stay silent for several minutes. No one else has come into the park, not even someone walking a dog. This park seems to be a favourite place for dog walkers, and they all carry doggy bags and seem very conscientious about cleaning up after their dogs.
I feel safe with Toby, and I’m savouring the moment. I’m not going to let a woman standing watching us upset me. Now that we are alone, the evening seems perfect.
“Tell me again about those pictures at the old lady’s house,” Toby says suddenly, making me jump. “Have a good look at them when you go back tomorrow. Ask her if she thinks they’re valuable?”
“She told me that she’s recently had everything in the house valued for insurance purposes. I don’t know if everything was itemised. I suppose it was. But I didn’t ask her what everything was insured for.”
“She sounds like a sensible woman, Janika.”
I suddenly remember something Miss Ingleton said. “At the time, Toby, I thought she was just getting muddled. She said one of the pictures disappeared one day when she was out, but was back on the wall the next morning. I mean, does that make sense to you?”
“I can think of one good reason,” Toby says. “Does she have good eyesight?”
“Reasonable for her age, I suppose. In other words, not especially good. Why? What are you thinking?”
“Come on, Janika,” Toby says in a mock, strict voice. “You’re a detective. Why would someone take a watercolour one night and bring it back the next?”
“To get it valued, to see if it was worth stealing. That means it wasn’t worth much, so the thief brought it back.”
“But supposing all four watercolours are valuable,” Toby says. “Extremely valuable. Why else would someone take one and bring it back?”
“Go on, Toby. My brain is exhausted. Why would they? You’ll have to tell me.”
“I’ve known of a case in my insurance investigations where the client made copies of valuable paintings, and sold the originals. He then claimed the full value of the originals when the copies were destroyed in a fire. The fire brigade said it was arson – of his own doing.”
I shake my head. “Toby, they aren’t simple watercolours. I didn’t examine one of them, but I could see from where I was sitting that there’s masses of detail in them. No one could possibly copy those paintings overnight.”
“They could photograph it, and make an inkjet copy on watercolour paper and put it in the frame instead. How large are they?”
“Probably A3. About twenty by sixteen inches. A bit too large for an inkjet printer. Well, possibly not for a large office printer. Is that why you asked about Miss Ingleton’s eyesight?”
Toby puts his hand over mine and squeezes it. “If you’re seeing her again tomorrow, I suggest you look at the paintings closely. I don’t think you need a magnifying glass, but take one just the same. You’re looking for tiny coloured spots, not a continuous colour you get from watercolour paints. There’s no need to tell her what you’re doing. Just go close and pretend to be admiring them.”
“You’re a genius, Toby. Why didn’t I think of that?”
“Because, Mrs Jones, you’re a private detective and not an insurance investigator.”
We sit silently for a moment, then Toby turns to face me. “Tell me, Mrs Jones, is it permitted for an insurance investigator to kiss a very private detective?”

Chapter 23

Courtney is on the phone, and it’s not even 8 o’clock. I thought I’d have a bit of a lie in after yesterday’s excitement, and was annoyed when my phone chimed. But it’s impossible to be annoyed with Courtney, even at this unearthly hour.
“All set for Parke’s this evening?” she asks.
“Of course. Toby is really looking forward to it. He’s not like me. He likes wearing his best clothes and dressing up a bit.”
There’s a pause, then Courtney says, “I’m glad to hear that, Janika. When we last spoke, I got the impression that things weren’t too hot between you and Toby.”
“Well, they’re hot now.”
Indeed they are. I’m not going to elaborate, but I woke up thinking about Toby in the park yesterday evening. We didn’t do anything to be embarrassed about, but I’m not going to give Courtney any details.
“Anyway,” Courtney says, “we can catch up when we meet. This is a business call. You need to be congratulated on yesterday’s success at your local play centre. This could be the breakthrough we need. The arrested man is only a middleman, but we have his phone and the number that he rang for further instructions about the locker. That man is also in custody.”
“What about the child? Oh that’s terrible, Janika.”
“It seems he’s the girl’s uncle, and the mother was shocked. Of course, we don’t know how involved she was. It’s going to take ages to disentangle everything, but the girl is safe for now. Promise.”
“And has the man told you much?”
“Indeed he has. He behaved foolishly by having his phone number registered to his name. He’s scared of retribution, so we’re promising him a safe house.”
“I hope it’s safer than Gerry the Taff’s safe house.” I don’t need to say any more. Gerry the Taff was found dead. He had actually contacted someone he thought he could trust. He certainly made a mistake there.
Courtney doesn’t say anything for a moment. Then she says, “You need to be on your guard, too, Janika. I’ve heard all about your television interview.”
“It certainly brought in a couple of jobs. So lots of people must be watching the local television channel.”
“And maybe the wrong people, Janika.”
“I can’t see I know anything that would interest the gang,” I say. “I know Michael Carpenter was a bit unwise to end my TV interview with a hint that I might know something about them, but surely I made it clear that I don’t know anything, and there’s nothing in my office. I mean, there isn’t. You searched it thoroughly after Roger Dickinson and I found the list of names in invisible ink.”
“Just saying,” Courtney says quietly. “Anyway, glad to hear you and Toby Walton are still together. I’m looking forward to seeing your Toby this evening, and my Ollie is looking forward to seeing you.”
“Great, Courtney. And I’m looking forward to seeing your Ollie.” I am. Really I am.
Courtney has ended the call and, yes, I’m sure it’s going to be a good time for all of us. What isn’t so good is the uneasy feeling I have now that Courtney has told me to be on my guard.
Well, I don’t have time to be worried. I need to go to Cleystowe and see Enid Ingleton. I’ll have to get a bit of a move on. We arranged my appointment for 10 o’clock.

<><><><>

As I approach the small town of Cleystowe, I’m struck just how impoverished the place seems. The houses are mostly Victorian, and were probably built for the clay miners, or clay diggers, or whatever they were called. There’s just one road with several empty houses and shops.
The place reminds me of some of the small towns that I’ve seen in the old mining valleys in South Wales that became impoverished when the coal mines closed in the 1960s and 70s.
Miss Ingleton’s house was probably built for one of the clay managers. That’s why it’s out of the town by the moorland. I’ve got here earlier than expected, but I don’t intend to go shopping. There are two charity shops, a baker, and one or two other shops that all shout poverty.
As far as I can tell there’s no supermarket close by. I glance at the time on my dashboard. I’m fifteen minutes early. As I leave the small town – it’s really a village – the countryside opens and runs in a small valley between large areas of moorland covered in heather.
I might as well park here, and walk up the road to Enid Ingleton’s. When visiting socially, it’s polite to be slightly late. When keeping a business appointment it’s important to be on time, but not early. If I stroll I’ll reach the house before ten, I can admire the countryside for a bit longer.
Not a single vehicle passes me as I walk up the road. I pass one cottage with a woman in the garden. She doesn’t return my wave. Then two more houses, similar in style to Miss Ingleton’s, but smaller. They all seem to be of the same age, built of the dark bricks from clay that was presumably dug out here.
Mrs Miles isn’t in her front garden, otherwise I could check that she still has the key, and I haven’t been the victim of some elaborate charade where Miss Ingleton went straight back to collect it, saying she’d changed her mind.
My phone says it’s one minute to ten as I walk through Miss Ingleton’s open gate. Perfect timing. Oh, there’s no sign of her small white Volkswagen Polo. I hope she’s remembered I’m coming.
I ring the bell, and glance at the stone pot. To think that she was actually feeling safe with the key under there. Fortunately, Mrs Miles has it now. I’m glad I explained the stupidity of leaving a key there. I didn’t use those exact words, but she was stupid. No doubt about it.
No one comes to the door, and I look round and see a white envelope. It’s addressed to “The Detective Lady.” Surely she remembered my name, but if not, maybe she does have memory problems, which is why she was confused about the disappearing and reappearing painting.
I tear open the envelope and inside is a small sheet of lined notepaper.
Mrs Jones, I am sorry but forgot I have a dentist appointment in Brevelstone. I’ve mislaid your phone number. I’m very sorry. If you want to go in and wait for me, you know where the key is. I expect to be back by 12 o’clock. I’ve put my own key under the pot, just so you can let yourself in.
What, wait here for two hours? No way. Actually, it occurs to me that getting in might give me the perfect opportunity for examining the watercolours, without Miss Ingleton asking what I’m doing.
Yes, I know where the key is. What’s wrong with the woman? That means she didn’t take notice of my warning, although apparently it’s only under the pot for the morning. But what an excellent opportunity for someone to get in, knowing she’s out. I tip the large stone pot back slightly and, indeed, her key is exactly where she showed me the spare one yesterday.
This key is bright, with no green corrosion on the brass. I insert it in the front door and feel a bit like a housebreaker. If it hadn’t been for the note, I certainly wouldn’t have entered the house. But an invitation is an invitation.
Even as I start to open the door, I detect the smell of dampness. This place certainly wouldn’t suit me. It’s quite warm out, but the house feels cold.
“Miss Ingleton, are you there? It’s Janika Jones.”
There’s no answer. Of course not, she’s at the dentist. But there is just the possibility that she’s not left yet and hasn’t heard the bell. In that case, I might be about to scare her out of her wits.
I feel uneasy, almost guilty standing in the hallway. Somehow vulnerable. I quickly lock the door on the inside and remove the key. There, I might be silly, but I need to not only be safe, but to feel safe.
Courtney has put the frighteners on me. All the way here to Cleystowe I kept looking in the rear-view mirror, remembering how Gerry the Taff followed me to Wilfred Chadwick’s little village of Cravenwell.
Poor Gerry the Taff. He was a crook, but he didn’t deserve to be murdered. That gang are certainly ruthless. Murdering a detective in the CID, my Sam, was definitely a step too far. And yet the gang leaders are still at large, still trading death and ruin.
I’m wondering if it would be an imposition on Enid Ingleton’s budget if I just sit around doing nothing. After all, it’s her fault if I do run up an extra two hours on the account.
It’s only just after ten, but in case she comes back unexpectedly early, I decide to examine the four watercolours closely.
The four are of a similar size, in wide card mounts. Since they are seascapes, there’s a lot of blue in the water and the sky, apart from one which seems to depict a looming storm. I hope that’s not significant!
I look quickly from one to the next, and decide that the colours on the storm are slightly exaggerated, but that might be the artist’s intention. I’m going to need my magnifying glass.
I start with one of the dreamy seascapes, and the colours were clearly done with a brush, not with an inkjet printer. And so with the next one. And the next one.
But not the storm. Although its finely printed at a high resolution, I can easily make out the distinctive dots of an inkjet printer. An offset printer, of the sort used for colour pictures in books and magazines, has a completely different form of tiny coloured dots to make up the image.
I look back warily. Surely I’m on my own. But feeling rather in the wrong, I take hold of each side of the gold coloured frame and lift the picture from the wall.
This is definitely a recent reproduction. Most frames are sealed at the back with a board held in place by nails, covered in brown paper tape to keep the dust out. This has new brown paper tape.
It’s possible that all the pictures have been reframed, so I remove the first one, and then the other two. The brown paper tape is clearly old and coming unstuck in places. I’ll wait, and ask Miss Ingleton, very diplomatically, if she has had any of the pictures reframed recently.
And then what? Should I just mind my own business? The lady hasn’t asked me to examine her pictures and give an opinion on whether any of them have been copied recently. For all I know, she might have sold the original picture, because she needed the money, but had it copied first.
What to do? What to do?
I hear the rattle of a key in the front door. Miss Ingleton is back unexpectedly early. Perhaps the dentist wasn’t ready for her. Strange, I didn’t hear her car, but yesterday she left it by the side of the house, not directly in front on the drive.
Anyway, I’ve got her key.
I’m about to call out to let her know I’m here, so she doesn’t get a fright when she comes into the room and sees me holding one of the pictures.
But before I can say or do anything, the door opens, and a young man in his twenties stops dead in the doorway and stares at me.

Chapter 24

“Who are you, and what you doing here?” he asks.
He doesn’t sound or look particularly confident. I didn’t need to be trained as a detective to spot guilt. Even Liam would know that the man has no right to be here. “More to the point,” I say, putting on a very authoritarian voice, “what are you doing here?”
He hesitates for just a moment. He’s already starting to look confident. I’ll give him that. “This is my aunt’s house,” he says. “You still haven’t said who you are.”
“I’m Janika Jones. Miss Ingleton has invited me here to see her this morning.’
“For what purpose?”
“I’m investigating her house security. I’m a private detective.”
He looks a bit shaken, but not overly so. “And how did you get in if my aunt isn’t here?”
“I have her key,” I say. “And you?”
“Now just a minute,” he says. He’s definitely sounding edgy. Uncomfortable. “I didn’t think she was expecting visitors. Well, I can see she’s not here, so I’ll be on my way.”
Whenever I go out on a job, I bring my full kit in a carry case and leave it in the boot of my car. I can never be sure when one or more of the items will be needed. But all I’ve brought up from my car in my shoulder bag this morning are my cameras and my magnifying glass.
One of the cameras is medium-sized with a long range zoom lens and a high resolution sensor. The other camera is small, and although it has a fixed lens, it is also high resolution. Surprisingly, it cost more than the medium-sized zoom lens camera.
I’m not sure whether to trust the man and take a photograph of him while he’s standing there. I’ve had a reasonable training in self defence, but this young man looks well able to look after himself if it comes to a fight.
I reach into my bag and remove the spy glasses that I used yesterday in the Play Centre. Then I realise I’ve given the small memory card to the police officer as evidence in their investigation.
We stand staring at each other. It’s a face-off, and I intend to come out of this the winner. “Is your aunt expecting you?” I ask. At the same time I reach into my bag with my right hand for the small camera.
There, got it. I know exactly where the controls are, and I switch it on before removing it, because it always makes a slight whirring noise. But the Take button is completely silent.
I chose this camera deliberately, because the electronic shutter click can be switched off. The click might be useful in some circumstances, to indicate the picture has definitely been taken, but it would be a disaster when being used for surveillance purposes.
“It’s no business of yours whether my aunt is expecting me or not,” he snaps. “I think you’d better be on your way. Anyone can say they’re a private detective. Even a burglar could say that.”
“Let me give you my card,” I say, trying to sound calm. I reach into my bag with my left hand, with the thumb on my right hand resting gently on the Take button.
I hand the young man my card, and as he reaches to take it I press the shutter. The camera has autofocus, and providing I held it steady, I will have got the perfect picture, even if the camera is at an angle.
I dare not take another. The glow from the viewing screen on the back is easy enough to detect, but the young man is so busy looking at my card that it’s unlikely he’s noticed. Actually, he definitely didn’t notice, or he wouldn’t be standing there so calmly.
“I’ll be on my way then,” he says, with a rather forced casualness. “I don’t have time to waste hanging around here with you.”
“Okay, I’m staying on, so I’ll let your aunt know you called. I’m sorry, I don’t know your name. Did you say you’re her nephew?”
“Something like that,” he mutters. “She knows me, anyway. I’m off.”
“Don’t forget to take your key.”
That makes him jump. “I don’t know anything about a key,” he mumbles.
“Sorry, I thought you used your own key to come in. Anyway, I’ll tell your aunt you’ve been here. I’m sure she’ll be interested.” Actually, I’m sure she’ll be very interested.
I’ve never seen anyone leave a house so quickly. The young man is out of the door and running down the drive before I can get my other camera out to take another picture. I haven’t heard a car or motorbike engine, and I guess if he had a bike he would have ridden it to the front door. So unless he’s deliberately parked a long way down the road, he’s local.
Well done. A great deduction, fully trained Private Detective Janika Jones!
It’s only ten fifteen. I’m tempted to slip back to Craidlea. I’m missing the Button Up coffee and pastries. It would be rude to raid the larder here or even make a cup of tea. I know what I’ll do. I’ll check all the window locks and other security.
First though, I think I’ll do a little online research into Josiah Moorgrave, the artist of these watercolours. I’ve not heard of him before, but that doesn’t mean anything. If this was a job for Piers Pillinger, I’m sure he’d be lending me books on 19th-century watercolour painters, expecting me to become an expert overnight.
Josiah Moorgrave’s name comes up on a Google search. I’m right, he is, or was, a minor watercolour painter, 1845 to 1897. When I go to Google Images, there are four examples of his seascapes. Yes, the style is definitely the same as the pictures that Miss Ingleton has.
A new thought. I go to one of the main auction sites and enter Josiah Moorgrave’s name. And there are two similar seascapes. Each one has a starting price of two thousand pounds. The auction only has five days to run and there are no bids so far. I know people bid at the last moment, so they might achieve that sum. Perhaps more. I’ll keep an eye on things.
I look again at the inkjet print hanging on the wall less than six feet away from me. I must be careful not to throw accusations around. It’s perfectly possible that Miss Ingleton has sold the original.
But if she is short of money, why is she prepared to pay me my full hourly rate, and why did she mention about the pictures being disturbed? It’s all very confusing.
I’ve no idea if the young man is really Enid Ingleton’s nephew or not. I check the camera. His face appears on the screen. I enlarge it, and the focus of his face is spot on. Either Miss Ingleton or the local police will know exactly who he is.
I’m not sure if I should be going upstairs, I know Enid Ingleton is at the dentist, poor thing, and she did write me a note telling me to come in and wait. But she didn’t specifically tell me to poke around at the window security. But since she’s paying me by the hour, I might as well make myself useful.
There’s a short landing at the top of the stairs, with a sash window at the far end. I count four doors. Presumably three are for the bedrooms, and one for the bathroom.
When this house was built, probably late in the nineteenth century, there would likely have been four bedrooms upstairs, with an outside toilet in a little shed, I think it was called a privy, and a tin bath to go in front of the fire downstairs. Thank goodness for the progress of civilisation!
The landing window is definitely locked. Anyway, I’m not sure why I’m doing this. The so-called nephew has a key, and if anybody has been coming and going, it’s almost certain to be him. It’s strange though, because Miss Ingleton was adamant that she hadn’t given a key to anyone.
Nevertheless, I look in the first room at the top of the stairs, facing the front. An untidy room full of boxes and a jumble of furniture. The window in that room is also securely locked.
The door on the opposite side of the landing leads to a room facing the back. It’s a spare room with a made up bed, but it doesn’t look as though it’s been occupied for a long, long time.
I guess that Enid Ingleton’s room is the far door at the top of the stairs facing the front. From the outside, that looked as though it had a double window. I’m almost afraid to open the door. What am I expecting? Enid Ingleton lying stretched out on the bed, dead? Or her father’s mummified corpse that she couldn’t bear to have buried?
It’s definitely Miss Ingleton’s room, but there is no body on the bed, and I feel obliged to walk across the room on tiptoe. Both the windows are firmly locked.
That only leaves what I guess is the bathroom. It is. The bath, the toilet and the wash basin look almost as though they came with the house. It’s the sort of thing that people are buying now as expensive replicas. It’s not my taste, but each to their own.
I’m just making my way back down the stairs, when I hear the slam of a car door. I hurry down into the hall and into the front room. Yes, Miss Ingleton is home.
I now have to break the news that a young man who may, or may not be her nephew, has a key. And that’s not all of it. I have to tell her that one of the Josiah Moorgrave watercolours is just a modern copy.
Oh, and of course ask how she got on at the dentist.

Chapter 25

I’m back now, sitting at the small table at the far end of the coffee shop, having a late lunch. In my bag I have a cheque. Miss Ingleton doesn’t understand bank transfers, but I’m sure this cheque won’t bounce. I’ve not paid one in for a long time, and it seems strange to have one.
My services will not be needed again. The young man is definitely her nephew, and she had no idea he had his own key. She assumes he’d gone off with hers one day, and had a copy made in Brevelstone.
She assured me she is dealing with the matter privately. And she is also getting the original watercolour back. Apparently she feels sorry for her nephew. He lives locally, and because of a bad home life he spent a long time with her when he was young.
He loved that watercolour so much, because it brought back memories of happy times. So he took it and got it copied by a friend one night in Brevelstone. The friend had an A3 scanner and a large inkjet printer.
He was going to hang the copy in his own room, but in a moment of weakness decided to keep the original, because he was sure his aunt would never find out.
I find the whole affair rather sad. The nephew wasn’t a criminal. Because of his unhappy childhood, he often went to his aunt’s as a child just to get out of his own house. And now, when he still feels unsettled, he often lets himself into the house when he knows his aunt is out, so he can sit and relive what were the happier times in his childhood.
I quite like this sort of job that has a happy ending. I make the investigation, there is a satisfactory conclusion, and I can walk away without being involved. No police, and no court case to attend as an expert witness. Just a bank cheque in my bag, promising to pay me the sum written on it. How quaint!
I keep thinking about the meal at Parke’s this evening. And tomorrow, Union Sports Development are delivering my treadmill. I must be in for that.
Melanie comes across and sits down next to me. She seems a bit lost for words. I guess she has something to share.
“Janika,” she says, looking at the table, “Liam has told me a bit more about what happened at the Play Centre. Steve spoils the boy, but then he is Liam’s father. That listening bug. Liam seems so proud of how he used it to listen to what you and the manager were talking about, but I told him he was never to do anything like that again.”
“Don’t blame the boy,” I say quickly. “He showed great initiative. And, after all, he is hoping to be a detective one day.”
“Maybe. Steve bought it so they could play detectives together. Liam wasn’t meant to take it out of the house. And he knows he is only to use his phone for emergencies. Certainly not for listening in to the bug when Steve isn’t with him. I really am sorry, Janika. It won’t happen again. I can assure you.”
“Oh, Melanie,” I say, putting a hand on her shoulder, “as far as I’m concerned, Liam hasn’t crossed any red lines. However,” and I laugh, “just check he never hides the bug in your bedroom at night!”
Melanie also laughs, and slaps me on the back as she stands up. “Great words of wisdom, Janika. Great words of wisdom. I think Steve is buying a small camera bug so they can see the wildlife in the back garden at night, like Abi does. I need to keep a close eye on where he’s setting it up. If you see what I mean!”
As she’s walking back to the service counter, my phone rings. The number seems familiar, but there’s no name linked to it, so it’s not in my phone book.
“Janika Jones Detective Agency. Janika Jones speaking. How may I help you?”
A man says, “This is Union Sports Development.”
That’s why I recognised the number. I have a good memory for numbers. “Yes, are you still on for tomorrow?”
“Absolutely, Mrs Jones. Our van will be with you on the dot of ten. Please try and be there, as the delivery men won’t want to wait around. We have a busy delivery schedule planned in your area.”
“I’ll be there, promise,” I say. “I’m looking forward to trying it out. Will your photographer be with you?”
“Photographer? Oh yes, for our advertising. Sometime next week. We’ll be in touch again. Bye for now. Ten o’clock tomorrow.”
“Ten it is,” I say, but the man has already ended the call. I enter the number into my phone book, just in case I need to speak to them, but I have no intention of being out when the delivery comes. It’s going to be great not going out running in all winds and weather, especially as I got the distinct impression someone was spying on me.
And why did Toby think someone was stalking him? He certainly panicked a bit in the park when he thought he saw Paula standing in the gateway. I’m not totally convinced the drugs gang that killed Sam are no longer after me, I need to keep my guard up while they are still at large.
I’m hoping that the escapade at the Sports Centre yesterday will be the chink in the armour that Brevelstone CID are looking for. It sounds promising, but it’s not yet time to celebrate. I’m sure of it.
I almost feel like praying and asking God to keep me and Toby safe. Perhaps I will, although I can’t think God will bother to take the time to listen to me.

Chapter 26

This is the day I’ve been waiting for all week – the celebratory meal at Parke’s for Courtney and Ollie. And tomorrow my complimentary treadmill arrives. It’s being delivered on the dot of ten, to quote the guy who phoned me.
I’m in Button Up, treating myself to a late lunch of a ham and cheese panini and an apple Danish. The sooner I can start running again, the sooner I can have two apple Danish pastries here every day. Or is that not the right motive for having a treadmill?
The lady with the missing dog has just phoned me. It was found over a mile away by a responsible person who took it to the vet to get it scanned for a microchip. So owner and dog are reunited and very happy. I’m also relieved. Finding missing dogs isn’t really in my remit.
Toby wants this to be a special day for us, not just for Courtney and Ollie. He’s finishing work early and picking me up at 3 o’clock. We’re going for a drive, but definitely not to the reservoir. He wants me to show him where I lived with my parents until I was fifteen, the school I went to, and other places connected to my younger years.
That’s going to bring back a few memories, but I feel I can face them as long as Toby is with me, even though I don’t have the same feelings for Toby that I had for Sam. I probably never will.
I don’t want to lead Toby into thinking I’m head over heels in love with him. I’m not. I don’t know nearly enough about him yet. I only have his side of the story about Kate and Paula. I know I trust him. I really do, but if Paula is following him around, and she really did write that note threatening me, I might be getting into something deeper than is wise at the moment.
Abi comes across and drops a folded newspaper on my table. “Here you are, Janika. You’re welcome to finish it. I’m stuck.”
I look at the paper. All but six cryptic crossword clues seem to have been filled in. Well, if Abi can’t do it, I’m sure I can’t. Abi is famous for being the Cryptic Crossword Queen.
Journey for particles leads to issues (9)
That’s quest and ions. So the answer is questions.
Abi sits down with me. “Never mind about that crossword for the moment. Did you hear the local news this morning? It’s awful.”
“I don’t usually turn the television on in the morning. I like to listen to music. Why, what’s happened?”
“A hit-and-run,” she says. “Late last night. There’s a lay-by on the road up to the reservoir. Apparently a young woman was on her own, standing by her car to admire the view. That’s what the police think.”
Near the reservoir? “Was she hit by a black Ford Focus, by any chance?”
“There weren’t any witnesses. Or if there were, they haven’t come forward yet.”
“Was the woman killed?”
“Badly injured, but nothing life-threatening. She’s in Brevelstone Hospital. The police are trying to trace her family. And of course trying to trace the car.”
I look at Abi and then down at my cappuccino. “There’s no point in me going to the police,” I tell her. “They know about the black Ford Focus that tried to knock Toby and me down. That was by the reservoir too.”
Abi turns to look at the service counter. “I’d better go. I don’t like to see customers waiting too long. Anyway, Janika, I just thought you ought to know. If it is the same car and driver that had a go at you and Toby, it might be someone on a mission.”
“It might be Paula.” Even as I say it, I can’t really believe it.
I have some paperwork to catch up on, so I go back to my apartment and sit in my lovely office chair at my magnificent antique desk. But I can’t concentrate.
The first thing I do is open my laptop and check the emails. There are a couple of unwanted emails that I mark as spam. If all goes well, I’ll never hear from them again unless they change their email address. I’ve had that happen before. This is an email address I don’t recognise, and it’s all in capitals.
I WILL NOT TELL YOU AGAIN. KEEP AWAY FROM TOBY.
It’s not signed, but I know who it’s from. Well, Paula, you are not going to spoil my afternoon with Toby, and our evening together with Courtney and Ollie at Parke’s.
I send an angry reply, also in capital letters. I KNOW IT’S YOU, PAULA. I’M SORRY YOU FEEL LIKE THIS, BUT THINGS MOVE ON. JUST LEAVE US ALONE. SEEK HELP AND GET YOUR OWN LIFE TOGETHER.
Two minutes later I get a reply saying that the email has been undelivered. Okay, so it looks as though Paula has taken a temporary email address and deleted it immediately. Perhaps she’s worried I’m going to trace her. Well, I’m not. I’m going to ignore her.
If I can.

<><><><>

Toby calls for me promptly at three. It’s gone very cloudy, and the forecast is heavy rain for the evening. But we’ll be indoors at Parke’s. I don’t think any rain will be enough to keep Courtney and Ollie away, no matter how heavy it is.
“Where’s your car?” I ask, looking around.
“Can we take your car, Janika?”
“Yes, of course. Has something happened to your car?”
Toby looks a bit sheepish. “I’ve had a bit of a bump. I was coming back from seeing a client quite late yesterday. It’s all part of the job. It was nearly dark and I was passing through Dalebury Woods. You know the road. It’s straight, and I was going a bit fast when a badger appeared from nowhere. I hit it with a whack.”
“Poor thing. Did you kill it?”
“Probably. I reversed back carefully, and got out of the car. I could see where I’d hit it. It was a lot of blood on the road. It must have crawled back into the undergrowth. I couldn’t see it. I felt really sorry for it, and hoped it wasn’t lying there in pain. I couldn’t hear any noise.”
“Well, you did your best,” I say. “Where are you parked now?”
“Just round the corner in Denver Street. I’ll take it to Rupert’s garage next week. It’s perfectly driveable, and I really don’t want to claim on the insurance if I can help it. I’m thinking of getting another car, anyway. Any suggestions?”
“How about a black Ford Focus?” And I laugh,
Toby joins in the laughter, but he seems rather distant. Clearly he has something on his mind. I guess it’s his car. I know the feeling. You can get very attached to an old car, even if it’s well past its best.
Toby seems rather subdued as I back out of the parking place behind the coffee shop. He clearly has something on his mind. I wonder if he’s planning to propose to me, and that’s why he suggested a drive out this afternoon.
If he is planning to propose, the man must be able to overlook my past and be prepared to share his life with me.
The first place I go to in this tour of my past life is Craidlea High School. It was there that I felt very much an outsider. Probably because my father is Polish and my surname was Bartol.
We then go past other places, and I realise just how many unhappy memories I have. In fact, there are so many memories that I’m surprised I wanted to come back here to set up business. But then my current memories are really good. There’s Abi Button who is now Abi Wells, and everyone connected to Button Up. And Alice and Rupert Forrester. Yes, the good more than compensates for the past.
I’m wondering whether to go up to the reservoir again. Perhaps not. I don’t want to risk having a big accident and then miss Courtney’s celebration. I look in the mirror. There’s no sign of a black Ford Focus. There’s not a sign of any car.
“I’ve had another nasty email from Paula,” I say, trying to sound casual. “Another threat to keep away from you.. Don’t worry, Toby, I’ve no intention of taking any notice. Just empty threats.”
I’m looking straight ahead, but I can sense Toby is looking at me. “You need to be careful, Janika. You don’t know Paula. She obviously still blames me for Kate’s death. Hit-and-runs are terrible. The police never caught anyone.”
“Let’s hope they catch whoever knocked that woman down near the reservoir last night,” I say.
Toby is quiet for a moment. Then he says, “Yes, I heard about that on the news. Awful. I wonder if there were any witnesses.”
There’s something about the way he says it that makes me feel uncomfortable. Okay, I guess I can understand how he feels. In the way that this drive is recalling aspects of my past, the news of the hit-and-run last night is reviving the tragedy of Kate.
Poor Toby. Well, I hope his and my memories don’t spoil our evening at Parke’s.

Chapter 27

Our planned drive didn’t work out too well. Toby seemed a bit distant. Perhaps grumpy. I almost find that a relief. It means he isn’t planning to propose.
But supposing he did, in front of Courtney and Ollie. Would I feel under an obligation to say yes? How humiliating would it be for Toby if I said no?
Well, I’m going to make the most of the celebration. I’ve bought a dark red dress and matching high heels. The weather forecast was right, and I can hear the rain beating against the front windows of my office overlooking the road.
I glance at my spy clock again. I’ve been looking at it every couple of minutes. Toby will be here to pick me up in ten minutes. He wants to drive, so he can drop me off right outside Parke’s in all this rain, I told him to phone me when he’s outside. Button Up closed ages ago so I can’t shelter in there, and I don’t want to hang around out there if he’s delayed.
At least it’s not windy, which is a blessing. I have quite a large umbrella that will shelter me while I double lock my front door to the road. Perhaps Toby will be a gentleman again, and be standing there with a huge umbrella of his own that will protect both of us from the rain.
My phone rings. It’s Toby. He’ll be with me in five. I say I’m ready, but he must phone me again when he’s outside. I have a white jacket to go over my dark red dress, and I don’t want it covered in rain spots when we get to Parke’s.
I look at my clock again. Surely six minutes have passed, but I guess Toby’s idea of five minutes was a rough estimate, especially with all this rain. Ah, that’s my phone.
It’s Toby. “Ready and waiting outside,” he says.
“Coming,” I say. He sounds a bit more cheerful now. That’s good. I wouldn’t want Toby looking glum all evening. Courtney would wonder what I see in him.
I go out through the door at the top of the stairs and lock it behind me. I’m not sure why, because surely no one is going to break in while I’m gone. At the bottom of the stairs I set the alarm and unlock the outer door with the self locking catch.
The rain seems to have eased off. It’s probably only for a couple of minutes, but at least I can get in the car without needing my umbrella. Toby has parked just short of my door, and I notice the dent in the front wing nearest the pavement. It’s surprisingly large, and the headlight doesn’t look right. I suppose Rupert Forrester could repair it, but would need a lot of filler, or possibly a whole new front wing. That’s assuming it’s still possible to buy bodywork panels for a car that’s a few years old. Whoever fixes it, it’s not going to be cheap.
When Abi first saw the damage, she was surprised I hadn’t claimed on my insurance. The problem is, my car is only worth peanuts, and the repair would cost far more than the value of the car. If I make a claim, the insurance company will scrap it, and give me its value before the accident, less my insurance excess ‒ in other words, almost zero! And I love my little Micra.
That seems most unfair, but Toby says that’s how some car insurance companies work. If it had happened to his car, he would have been given the opportunity to purchase the car at scrap value. Trust me to get a duff insurance company. But next time my renewal comes up, I will have Toby to advise me!
Parke’s is only a short walk away, and I appreciate Toby giving me a lift in this weather. It might be much worse when we leave. The forecast is for strong wind and heavy rain from midnight to early morning. I will certainly be glad to get my treadmill tomorrow.
Courtney is waiting in the lobby with a tall handsome man. I guess it’s Ollie. Courtney looks concerned. “On your own?”
“Toby’s parking the car. It’s raining again and Toby didn’t want me to walk. You’d think a place like Parke’s would have their own parking area but I guess it would have taken up space they need for their restaurant and ballroom.”
Courtney turns to her companion. “There you are, Ollie, I told you Toby is as thoughtful as you are.” She smiles at me. “We are two lucky girls, aren’t we!”
“Of course. And is this the famous Ollie?”
“Say hello to Janika, Ollie,” Courtney says with a little giggle.
At that moment Toby hurries in through the door, and there are splashes of rain on the shoulders of his dark grey suit. “I’ve managed to park right outside,” he pants. “Somebody was just leaving.”
After a quick exchange of greetings and congratulations, I ask Courtney to show me her ring.
She’s been keeping her fingers in a tight fist and now I can see why. She’s already told me the ring is too large, and she’s obviously afraid of it slipping off.
“The jeweller says he’ll do it next week. I didn’t want to leave it with him over the weekend. This is a joint celebration, for promotion and engagement, and it didn’t seem right not to wear the ring this evening.”
Ollie is tall and confident. A bit over six foot tall. Toby is taller than me, but most men are taller than me. Ollie has blond hair that is wavy rather than curly, He’s clean-shaven and looks very fit. I can understand Courtney’s attraction to him.
“It’s a privilege to be here with two detectives,” Ollie says in a surprisingly deep voice. “At least I feel completely safe.” And he laughs.
There are three other couples standing around, and a waiter wearing a Parke’s dark brown apron over a striped black and white shirt comes out and calls, “Ms Jacobs and party?” He makes it sound a question, although I think he’s already spotted who we are.
Ollie takes Courtney’s arm, and Toby holds mine as we follow the waiter into the large dining room. When I came here with Piers Pillinger one morning to discuss the job he had lined up for me at Humphrey Broxburn’s art gallery in London, I guessed there would be a transformation for the evening. And I was right.
The lighting is dim and there is a lit candle on each table. The tables are set with an alarming range of cutlery. I just hope I know how and when to use it, and don’t show Toby up.
The men pull our chairs back to help us get seated. I’m sitting next to Toby, facing Courtney and Ollie, her fiancé. We all start talking at once, stop, and laugh.
“When do you start your new job as detective sergeant?” Toby asks. “By the way, congratulations are in order on both fronts.” And he smiles. I realise this is the first time he’s smiled since picking me up. Perhaps the first time he’s smiled since we set out on our drive this afternoon. Something is definitely on his mind.
He’s probably worrying about Paula. I can’t believe she’s followed us here and will storm in any minute now and interrupt our meal. She’d better not!
Of course I want to know if Courtney and Ollie have fixed the wedding date yet. So I ask.
“Early days yet, Janika,” Courtney says, giving Ollie’s hand a squeeze. “Within the next twelve months, anyway. We need to sort out a house. At the moment I’m sharing with a friend, and Ollie is renting a small place. We want to buy somewhere of our own if we can.”
“What about you, Janika?” Ollie asks.
I can see everyone looks a bit stunned – including me. “You mean, am I thinking of buying somewhere?” I ask, hoping to defuse the situation. Talk about a cat among the pigeons. I don’t look at Toby.
“I’m sure Janika is perfectly happy living above Button Up in her apartment,” Courtney says. “It’s a handy place, especially with the coffee shop immediately below.”
The waiter comes to ask if we’d like to order drinks, and are we ready to order our food yet. Oh, I’m not, for one. I don’t think we all are, but it was a welcome distraction.
We each say what we want to drink, and Ollie tells the waiter we’re nearly ready to order our food. That’s the incentive I need to open the large menu folder and start browsing, and hide my red cheeks at the same time.
The chatter continues, easing off slightly when we get our meals. I’ve chosen grilled plaice, with some posh fries and sautéed mixed vegetables. I decided I’d be able to eat it without running into serious difficulties, and be able to talk at the same time.
We talk about holidays and other social activities. I want to tell Courtney about Liam and his bug at the Play Centre, but the others have put an embargo on talking about work. I don’t even know what Ollie does for a job. Whatever it is, I’m sure he’s good at it. He just looks so able and confident.
We are just ordering our desserts, when there’s a commotion by the entrance to the restaurant. I can see two police officers dressed in full uniform. And the waiter is pointing in our direction.
“You haven’t, have you!” Courtney gasps. “Janika, please don’t say you booked a strip-a-gram! How could you!”
The man wearing a police sergeant’s uniform looks quite chubby. The thought of him peeling off his uniform to reveal a hairy chest covered by a skimpy bikini top shocks me. “Don’t blame me, Courtney.” I turn to Toby. No, it won’t be him. I point at Ollie. “You?”
The waiter is still pointing to our table, so I guess we’re all going to be totally embarrassed. I just hope none of the customers here know who I am. I’m supposed to be a serious, professional private detective. What would it do to my reputation if they knew?
As the sergeant gets closer, I realise who he is. This isn’t a strip-a-gram, or even a kiss-a-gram. This is serious. Especially as Sergeant Stanley Masters is drawing himself up to his full height.
“I’m looking for Mr Toby Walton,” he says.
“That’s me,” Toby says. “Is it to do with my car? I didn’t see any lines. It’s a clearly marked parking bay.”
“Mr Walton,” the sergeant says, and he beckons to the constable who is with him to stand closer to Toby as though Toby might be going to make a run for it. But why would he? Surely a badly parked car doesn’t merit a visit from two police officers, one of them a sergeant.”
“Mr Walton,” Sergeant Masters continues, “we are making investigations into a serious hit-and-run accident yesterday evening on the road leading to the reservoir. A witness clearly identified a car matching the description of your Vauxhall Corsa. They were unable to get the full registration number, but noted the last three letters. The only dark grey Corsa still registered in the country with those last three letter is yours.”
“What are you talking about?” Toby says, pushing his chair back and standing up. He obviously wants to be at the same level as the sergeant. But I can see his face turning pale.
“Your vehicle was spotted parked outside this restaurant by one of our patrols. This officer and I have examined the front of your car and there is damage commensurate with its colliding with a body. You have tried to wipe stains off, but we have detected traces of what appears to be blood below the nearside headlight.”
“That’s badger’s blood,” Toby says. “I hit a badger in Dalebury Woods last night. I couldn’t find it afterwards. I went back to look for it. I know we have to report injuries to a dog, but not to wildlife.”
I’m feeling devastatingly sick inside. The sautéed vegetables and posh fries are trying to come back up. I turn to Courtney. “You’re a detective sergeant with Brevelstone CID. Tell him Toby hasn’t done anything wrong.”
Courtney leans across the table and puts a hand on my shoulder, just as I’m about to leap to my feet in anger. “Keep out of it, Janika,” she says quietly. “You don’t want to make things worse.”
“Worse?” I shout. “How could it be any worse. Toby is about to be arrested, and I love him!”

Chapter 28

The sergeant reads Toby his rights, with the usual warning that anything he says may be taken down and used in evidence, and so on. Then Toby is led from the restaurant.
I want to go with him, but Courtney pulls me back and tells me to sit down. “You’re not helping, Janika,” she says. “Stay here with us for now. You’re in no fit state to go running off after them. You don’t even have your car here. And if you did, you’re in such a state you would probably have an accident.”
“I’m phoning Danny,” I say. “He’ll soon get Toby released. It’s a false arrest. I know it is.”
Actually, I’m not so sure it is. Toby has been a bit odd all day. And that dent. Is it really from a badger? A sudden idea occurs to me.
“Courtney, let’s go out and get a sample of that blood. You can get it analysed at Brevelstone. It’s going to be badger’s blood. I know it is.”
“The forensic team at Brevelstone will be called in,” Courtney says. “I can assure you that the investigation will be carried out meticulously. Phone Abi’s husband if you want to, but Toby will get the opportunity to call a lawyer at the police station.”
“Too right I’m going to call Danny.” I pull my phone from my bag and find Abi’s number in my phone book.
“Abi!” I shout, “we’ve got a big problem. Put Danny on the phone. Quickly!”
Courtney taps me on the shoulder and puts a finger to her lips. “Quieten down, Janika. Everybody’s looking.”
Everybody’s been looking since the police sergeant arrived, so that’s nothing new. But I get Courtney’s point. There’s no reason to make things worse.
“Let’s go into the lobby,” Courtney says. “Wait until we’re there before you say anything more.”
A very worried-sounding Danny Wells comes on the phone and asks me what the trouble is. I don’t do a very good job of telling him, I’m so worked up.
“Let me.” Courtney gently removes the phone from my hand, and I don’t try to stop her. I listen in a daze while she explains about the car and the hit-and-run. I’m looking out through the main entrance, and can see the flashing lights of a recovery truck. The police are wasting no time in taking away the evidence under a large tarpaulin, to protect it from the rain that’s still falling.
But the evidence of what? The sad death of a badger in Dalebury Woods, or a serious injury to an innocent woman near the Reservoir by a driver who just kept going after hitting her?
And who reported the details of the car to the police? Is it possible that Toby really is guilty? What a terrible thing to think. No, he’s innocent. He must be innocent.
There’s no point in ordering our desserts. It seems we’ve all lost our appetites, and we are still the centre of attention. We collect our things from our seats, and walk into the lobby.
I know Toby was planning to split the bill, but Ollie says he was always intending to pay for all of us. I can imagine Abi saying that at least the bill is now less than expected. Probably not saying it out loud. But certainly thinking it. Sorry, Abi, I’m sure you’d think no such thing. But you might!
Ollie is driving a BMW. It’s a car that goes with the man’s image. Not that I mind Toby driving a Vauxhall Corsa. I presume he will get his car back once the police have finished their forensics on it.
When Ollie and Courtney drop me off outside Button Up, Courtney offers to come in with me, but I assure her that I’m perfectly all right. I’m not, but I don’t want her to see me in a total case of collapse. I was strong enough in the car, but I won’t be in my own apartment. Toby, Toby, tell me. Are you guilty?
“You’ve still got the high security locks, I see,” Courtney says, she goes with me to my entrance to the stairs leading up to my apartment. “I didn’t want to say anything in front of Ollie. We promised not to talk shop, but I’d like you to know that we’re making good progress since we arrested the two men yesterday who were involved in the Play Centre drop. We’ve got a lot of useful information from them. In the meantime keep your eyes and wits about you.”
“I don’t suppose either of them have a black Ford Focus, do they?”
“Not them, but we’ve had a couple of reports of a car answering that description being driven erratically. We saw your report. It’s a shame you didn’t get any registration details.”
“It was nearly dark and it didn’t have lights on,” I say numbly. “I’m okay, Courtney. You can leave me now. Keep in touch if you get any more details. And make sure your forensic team find badger’s blood on that car.”
I don’t think I meant as a joke. It’s what I really want to happen. Really, really want to happen.
As soon as both of my outside locks are open, I push the door open and switch off the alarm. I turn back to give a quick wave to Ollie who stayed in the BMW, and blow Courtney a kiss. Then I close and lock the door, and make my way slowly up the stairs.
I can’t see how the evening could have turned out any worse.

Chapter 29

I don’t think I slept much last night. In fact, I’m not sure I even slept at all. I kept hearing Toby’s voice saying, “I hit a badger in the woods.”
I’ve not heard anything from Abi or Danny yet, or even from Toby. I’m not sure how many phone calls he’s allowed to make. Probably just the one. I don’t care how much Danny charges for his services, I’ve got plenty of money put aside from the compensation for Sam’s murder, plus his life insurance. I know I’m going to need a fair bit of it until business picks up, but Toby has to come first.
I blink in surprise. Following that line of reasoning, my subconscious must be convinced of Toby’s innocence. But when I went to bed last night I was almost prepared to believe the worst. Well, I’m not going to tell my parents anything about this. They’ll only say it serves me right, and I should have stayed with Bruno Kamiński.
No I shouldn’t. That man was poisonous. Toby is a good man. Come on, Janika, pull yourself together. You’re a private detective. Put your expertise to good use, and help Toby prove his innocence.
Assuming he is innocent.
There I go again, full of doubts. I can hear the chairs and tables being moved around below in the coffee shop. For the first few mornings I found the noise annoying if I wanted to sleep on, but since then it’s always been a comforting sound. It means there’s life down below, and very soon I’ll go down and have a coffee.
Abi won’t be in immediately, assuming it’s her turn for Saturday duty. She and Melanie agreed to take it in turns when they married. Before that, they were often just glad to fill in the day.
I can hear Pete whistling some sort of happy tune. Oh, if only he knew. Of course, it is possible he already does. Abi isn’t that discreet. Not all the time. My dark red dress and white jacket are thrown across one of the chairs at the small kitchen table. I should have hung them up carefully last night, but I felt angry. Angry and confused.
I suddenly realise the significance of Saturday. The Union Sports Development are delivering my free treadmill today. Ten o’clock. I don’t think my heart will be up for an extended stint on it, but I’m certainly going to give it a try.
The guy on the phone says I’ll have to assemble it, but how hard can that be? Anyway, Pete Wilders down below will be sure to come up and help me interpret the instructions if I have any problems.
I drag myself to the small bathroom and look at my face in the mirror. Shock, horror. My carefully applied makeup is a mess. It must have happened in Parke’s when I burst into tears in the lobby. And I’ve probably been rubbing my face in the night, and made it look even worse.
I need to fix my face and hair before venturing down for coffee and comfort, assuming Abi comes in soon. Despite appearing to take life lightly, Abi has a heart of gold, and is one of the most friendly and helpful people I’ve ever met.
I decide to have a shower first, and blow-dry my hair. There’s no point in going down looking like this and frightening the customers.
So it’s after half eight when I venture downstairs. Abi is already there. I don’t think she’s been in long, but she comes and puts her arms around me and leads me to the table permanently reserved for staff and friends.
“I’m so sorry, girl,” Abi says. She calls across to the service counter. “The usual, Pete.”
I shake my head. “I couldn’t face food. Just a strong coffee.”
Pete seems to have heard my instructions. He looks and sounds very cheerful. Obviously he hasn’t heard the news about Toby.
“Any updates?” Abi asks quietly.
I shake my head. “I thought you might know something from Danny. Did he go to the police station?”
“He did, but I don’t think I can say much,” Abi says, but she sounds as though she’s going to say something anyway. “The charge is a very serious one, Janika. I’m sure you appreciate that if Toby is found guilty, he’s in for a long prison sentence.”
I can feel tears welling up in my eyes. “Please don’t say that, Abi. Toby told me he hit a badger when he was driving through Dalebury Woods in the dark.”
“Do you believe him?”
“Of course I believe him. I have to believe him.” I’m not going to tell Abi that Toby seemed a bit upset for most of yesterday. He obviously had something on his mind.
“Janika, Danny is onto the case. I know it’s Saturday, but he’s doing all he can to get Toby out on bail.”
“I hope he’s doing all he can to get Toby released without charge,” I mumble.
“It must have been embarrassing at Parke’s when the police turned up,” Abi says. “I really feel for you all.”
“It completely spoilt Courtney and Ollie’s special evening, I do know that. Oh no, I haven’t phoned Courtney this morning to apologise.”
“I’m sure you apologised plenty last night,” Abi says. “Let’s wait until you hear from Danny, and then you can fill her in with the news.”
“You’re forgetting Courtney has a hotline to what’s happening. She’s in the police. I’m sure the CID forensic team will have examined Toby’s car by now. They’ll want to test the blood while it’s still fresh.”
Abi has been looking towards the service counter and she turns back quickly. “Blood?”
“I thought Danny would have told you. Well, I guess it’s confidential at the moment. Yes, they found a trace of blood under one of the headlights. And of course the police think it’s the victim’s blood.”
“What time is your treadmill being delivered?” Abi asks out of the blue. She’s probably trying to change the subject, and senses my agitation.
I glance up at the clock above the service counter. It’s in the shape of a large coffee cup and saucer. It’s not even 9 o’clock yet. “Ten, they said. On the dot. I must remember to be in my office. I don’t want them driving off. Not that I’m in the mood for using it today.”
Abi smiles. “Come on, girl, some exercise might help clear your thinking.”
At nine thirty I say goodbye to the coffee shop crew and go back to my office to rest. I can sit in the window in one of the small leather armchairs and watch everyone going by, or I can lie on the bed and stare at the ceiling. I choose the bed.
I must have dozed off, because I awake with a start when my phone rings on the small bedside table. With bleary eyes I stare at the screen. It says withheld number. If it’s a nuisance call, I’m going to give them a piece of my mind.
“Button Up Detective Agency. Janika Jones speaking. How may I help you?”
A voice says, “This is Sergeant Hattersley at Craidlea police station. Are you Mrs Janika Jones?”
I’ve just said I am, but I’m not going to get into an argument. Hopefully they’ve rung to tell me that Toby has been released without charge. “Yes, Janika Jones speaking.”
“Mrs Jones,” the gruff voice of the sergeant continues, “I’m afraid we have some bad news. Mr Toby Walton has been taken ill.”
“Is he all right?”
“Unfortunately not, Mrs Jones. That’s why I’m phoning you this morning. He gave us your name as a contact. He’s been rushed to Brevelstone Hospital.”
“Why? What’s happened? Is he injured?”
“We don’t know the full details. Mr Walton went into shock shortly after eating his breakfast this morning. In the circumstances, we’ve agreed to his request to see you.”
“When? Where?”
“We don’t want to alarm you, Mrs Jones, but we feel you should go to the hospital in Brevelstone immediately. Do you have transport of your own?”
I’m already on my feet and pulling my keys from my bag. “On my way.”
I grab a few things and race down the stairs, carefully locking the doors as I go. I make a quick dash into Button Up and call Abi outside. There’s no point in discussing this in front of the customers.
“What is it?” Abi asks in alarm, obviously sensing my panic.
“It’s Toby. He suffered some sort of shock after eating his breakfast. I didn’t know he was allergic to anything. Anyway, they’ve taken him to Brevelstone Hospital. They tell me I need to go there urgently.”
“Go, girl, go,” Abi says. “Are you fit to drive?”
I nod. I might be in a bit of a daze, but I won’t be driving there with my foot to the floor. “Union Sports Development are delivering my treadmill at ten. Can you let them in? I’ll phone them now and tell them to get the keys from you. Is that okay?”
“Of course it is, Janika. Your priority is to see Toby, not wait in for a treadmill. Do you think Danny or I should go with you? Danny has the car today. I walked in, but we can give him a call.”
I shake my head. “I’ll be fine, Abi.”
I pull out my phone and dial the number that Union Sports Development have been using. A man answers with the company name, and I explain that I have unavoidably to be out, but Mrs Wells at the Button Up coffee shop below my premises has a set of keys, and will give them full access.
He says that’s fine. No problem.

Chapter 30

I’m surprised by just how calm I feel. It’s almost like I’m watching someone else performing in a play. I hope that’s a good sign.
Abi wishes me a safe journey, and makes me promise to let her know as soon as I can how Toby is. I try my outside door, just to be sure it’s firmly locked. Of course it is. I’m not that distracted. Then I hurry round to collect my car from the back of the coffee shop,
The journey to Brevelstone can be the best part of an hour, depending on the time of day, and I’m certainly not going to speed and get involved in an accident. It’s no use having both me and Toby lying in the emergency ward.
I glance at the clock on the dashboard of my car. I’ll be there by ten fifteen. I just hope nothing terrible happens to Toby in the meantime. I hope nothing terrible happens to Toby at all. I’m starting to realise just how much he means to me.
There’s not much commercial traffic on the road, but there are a few cars and drivers out for a slow journey. I try not to let my frustration encourage me to overtake them. All the time I’m dreading another phone call to tell me that Toby’s condition has worsened.
Eventually I reach Brevelstone hospital. I know exactly where the accident and emergency department, A&E, is. I’ve been here before when I thought one of my clients had been poisoned by his wife.
I don’t even bother to park sensibly. Well, if I get booked by the hospital car park supervisor, so be it. I hurry into the desk which is manned by a single nurse today.
“I’ve come to see Toby Walton,” I say. “He was admitted earlier this morning from Craidlea police station. He’s asked to see me urgently. Where is he?”
The nurse consults the register, rather too slowly for my liking. I have to wait an age until she looks up at me. “Did you say Mr Toby Walton?”
“Yes, Toby Walton. He came in a couple of hours ago. I need to see him.”
The nurse behind the desk shakes her head.
Oh no, I’m too late. He’s dead. Toby, Toby, I did my best to get here as soon as they told me.
“Sorry Ms ...?”
“Janika Jones. Mrs Janika Jones. Is it bad news?”
“I think you’re confused, Mrs Jones. There is no Mr Toby Walton listed here. We have only had one admission this morning, and that was a small child that stood on a sharp plastic toy in bare feet and cut his foot badly. Are you sure you’ve got the right hospital, Mrs Jones? I know Craidlea hospital has a small emergency department. Perhaps he’s there.”
“Of course he’s not there,” I shout. “Craidlea police told me they brought him here as an emergency. He was in shock. Please look again.”
The nurse does look again, and shakes her head. “I suggest you phone the police station, and ask for clarification. There’s obviously been some sort of miscommunication. Do you have a phone?”
I nod. “Yes, I have a phone. Thanks for all your help, anyway.”
The waiting area is nearly empty, and I find a quiet corner. I could have got it wrong. The number that Sergeant Hattersley phoned me on this morning is withheld, and I’ve no idea of the station number. So instead, I phone Abi, and ask  to speak to Danny. He’s out, but she gives me his number.”
“He won’t mind you calling,” she says. “By the way, your treadmill came on the dot of ten. There were two men. They had a bit of trouble getting the box up the stairs, but all is well. The men were surprised that I needed to set the alarm in the daytime when I let them out. It seems as though they didn’t understand the need for it.”
“But you did set it and lock up properly?”
“I certainly did. Relax, Janika. I set everything, so you’re perfectly safe going in. Once you’ve got it installed, let me know and I’ll come up and we can try it out together.”
“Thanks, Abi.”
I hope I don’t sound ungrateful, but I’ve not even given it a thought. In the circumstances, I couldn’t care tuppence whether it’s been delivered or not. I have to phone Danny and find out where they’ve taken Toby.
I punch in the number that Abi has given me, and Danny answers almost immediately. “Danny, it’s Janika. I’m in Brevelstone at the hospital. They don’t know anything about Toby. Where is he?”
“I’m about to go to see him now, Janika. He’s still locked up in Craidlea police station. I’m hoping to get him out on bail. He’s not going to do a runner.”
“No,” I say, “haven’t you heard? Toby was taken ill this morning and rushed to hospital. Sergeant Hattersley told me he’s in Brevelstone Hospital, but they don’t know anything about him here.”
There’s a bit of a pause before Danny says, “Janika, I think you’re confused. I phoned the police station just a few minutes ago, and they’ve arranged an appointment for me with Toby at 11 o’clock.”
“Then he’s––––”
“He’s all right, Janika. Come back to Craidlea. By the time you get here, I’m sure we’ll have sorted out what seems to be a misunderstanding. I can assure you, half an hour ago Toby was alive and well in a cell in the local police station, waiting for me to arrange bail.”
“Promise?”
“Promise, Janika. Absolutely.”
I guess Danny knows what he’s talking about. After all, he is a fully trained lawyer, and must know what goes on with people in custody.
“Okay, Danny, I’m on my way. I have Bluetooth on my phone, so please double-check. I don’t want to waste my time coming back to Craidlea if Toby is desperately ill in another hospital somewhere.”
“Will do,” Danny says. He sounds remarkably calm in the circumstances.
I think I’ve been fortunate not to have a couple of serious accidents on the way back to Craidlea. I know I behaved stupidly on the road, in my anxiety to get back as soon as possible. For the final few miles I’ve managed to make myself slow down. I realise there’s no point in both me and Toby having accidents. I need to see him, wherever he is.
Abi must have been looking out of the coffee shop window, because as I back into my parking space she comes round to see me.
“Danny is here,” she says. “It’s good news. I promise. Danny has been in touch with the police station, and they’re confused as to why you got the message. They don’t know a Sergeant Hattersley. Are you sure you understood it correctly?”
I have to think. My mind is in a whirl. “At the moment, Abi, I’m not sure of anything. I’m so distraught, that perhaps my mind has been playing tricks on me. But I’m sure someone phoned me this morning about Toby. I can’t believe I imagined it all, even though I probably didn’t really get any sleep last night. I’m not generally prone to hallucinations – if ever.”
As we approach Button up, I get my keys from my bag. “I’m going for a lie down, Abi. I hope you understand. Tell Danny to phone me as soon as he’s got any news that makes sense.”
I open my front door, and reach out to unset the alarm which is now chirping a warning sound. Good, Abi knew exactly what to do when the men left. As I’ve told her many times, “You can’t be too careful about security.”
I sniff. There’s a smell of fuel. Only a slight one. Probably a car going by outside has left the smell from a rather rich exhaust.
I unlock the door at the top of the stairs. Well done again, Abi. I push it open and stand still in shock.
A thin, small man is standing on the other side, with a small automatic handgun in his hand. And he’s pointing it at me.

Chapter 31

“We didn’t expect you back this quickly, Mrs Jones,” the man says, sounding very calm. “That is most unfortunate. For you.”
I know now what the smell was at the bottom of the stairs. The man has been splashing petrol around the place. I can see it glistening wet on the polished floorboards and the furniture. The door to my bedsit is open, and I’m sure he’s been tipping petrol in there as well. Books and papers are strewn all over the floor. And my laptop is unplugged and closed on the desk. Presumably the plan is to take it.
“How did you get in here?” I ask.
Not that I need to ask. I can see a large cardboard box lying on its side. It’s empty. It’s big enough to contain the treadmill, but there’s no sign of a treadmill. It’s definitely large enough to contain this thin, small man, and a few cans of petrol. No wonder they had problems getting it up the stairs. A Trojan horse.
The man is still holding the automatic. I can see it’s only a small calibre gun, but a head shot would still be fatal. Are there going to be more bullet holes ‒ in me this time? I’m sure Liam will be upset to hear of my untimely demise. He keeps asking me if I have a gun, and I keep telling him that private detectives in England aren’t allowed to carry firearms.
Unfortunately.
The thin man shrugs, as though he has no concerns for what happens to me. “My instructions are to carry out a quick search, take your laptop, and then burn the place down in case there is any evidence hidden here that could convict certain parties. It’s most unfortunate that you have come back. That wasn’t in the plans. But I’ve been told to use my own initiative. Unfortunately, Mrs Jones, you’re going to be caught in the fire.”
Not if I can help it, I’m not. If I attack the man he’s going to shoot me. I think I’d rather be shot than burn to death. But there must be a better way – a way that involves surviving.
I get it now. Toby was never ill. The gang wanted to make sure I was out of town. Perhaps I should have stayed there. I would have come back to find my apartment destroyed, but at least I wouldn’t have been in it at the time.
“I don’t know why you’re here. There’s definitely nothing that’s going to incriminate you and your gang.”
“So you say, Mrs Jones. But of course one cannot be too careful. Just because I couldn’t find anything doesn’t mean there’s nothing here. Too bad the café below will be destroyed in the fire.”
“Well, at least I’ll have the pleasure of seeing you burn to death with me,” I say, trying to sound calm, although I’m in a panic.
The man frowns, but he keeps the automatic pointing at me.
“You need the key to open the door at the bottom of the stairs. It’s all part of the security.”
The man shakes his head. “Don’t think we don’t know about that lock. We’ve done our homework. I will escape out of the back window.”
The door to my bedsit is open, but I don’t need to look. My back window acts as a fire escape, and I have a small wire caving ladder rolled up on the inside.
But I do look, and the man is right. He obviously is smart. What I need to find is a way to prevent him escaping. Then he is unlikely to set fire to the place.
My back window with the wire caving ladder is open, and the ladder has been unrolled out of sight. I didn’t see it when I backed into my parking place. Very unobservant of me. I’m supposed to be a trained private detective.
“I don’t think you’ve thought this out properly,” I say.
The man laughs. “Oh yes, I have. I’m afraid of my bosses, not of you.”
I can believe that. I stare at the man, almost daring him to set light to the petrol. A sudden thought occurs to me. “Have you ever seen a petrol fire? It gets everywhere instantly. You going to be caught in it with me.”
“Oh no I won’t. I’ll go to the window and set light to it when I’m safely on the ladder.”
I’m hoping he’ll change his mind and escape without setting the place alight, but I can’t see that happening. But if he’s hanging out of the back window, I can dive down the stairs and let myself out. And then I’ll have to find somewhere else to set up business. And so will Abi and Melanie.
I left the door at the top of the stairs open when I saw the man. I hear a slight rattle from down below. Someone is opening the locks.
“Janika,” Abi calls up the stairs, “there’s a strong smell of petrol downstairs, and the customers are complaining. What’s going on?”
“Get out now!” I yell. At the same time I fling my keys into the man’s face. Fortunately, my aim is perfect. He fires off a single shot that hits the wall behind me. The automatic is small calibre, and fortunately for both of us the flash from the muzzle doesn’t ignite the fumes.
The floor is wet with petrol and he slips as he lunges at me, landing heavily. Abi must know something bad and dangerous is happening, but she comes to the top of the stairs and I can hear her gasp.
Our minds must be running in an identical way. As the man gets to his feet, we launch ourselves at him. He’s still holding the automatic, and he fires another shot. Bits of plaster fall on us from the ceiling, but the man is pinned to the floor.
We need cable ties to secure him. Not that I have any. But I needn’t have worried. Abi, ever the resourceful one, grabs my closed laptop from my desk and brings it down hard on the man’s head.
The gun clatters to the ground, and I pick it up. The floor is slippery, but I get to the open window and drop it down so it lands out of sight behind my car. I certainly don’t want any kids picking it up and testing it to see if it’s real.
Abi really is great. She’s already dialled for the police, adding that it looks as though an ambulance will be needed as well – and a fire engine, just in case.
Then she takes me by the arm, and although I’m shaking, I can feel her leading me down the stairs. I stumble a couple of times, but Abi manages to keep me upright.
She still has the spare keys for the front door, and opens it, giving us a welcome breath of fresh air. I can see through the large glass windows of Button Up that the coffee shop is now empty. I guess the people standing bewildered on the pavement are customers. Or, were customers.
Pete comes across to us. “What’s going on up there?”
“Pete,” I say, making my voice sound urgent, “go round the back and look behind my car. You’ll find a small handgun. Whatever you do, don’t pull the trigger. Pick it up and drop it in one of the waste skips. I don’t want any kids finding it, and start playing cops and robbers, thinking it’s a toy.”
Pete doesn’t hesitate. I don’t know if it’s my tone of voice, or the thought of picking up a real handgun, but he’s off like lightning.
He’s back a couple of minutes later holding the automatic. Several customers standing anxiously on the pavement scream when they see the gun.
“Put it on the ground,” I shout. “Or give it to me.” I had some experience with handguns in my training course. The most important thing is to keep my finger well clear of the trigger.
Pete looks to be in shock. “There’s a man round there. He’s lying on the ground. There’s a lot of blood around his head. You need to phone for an ambulance. He looks a bit dead.”
At that moment we hear the sirens, and Abi says, “Already sorted.”

Epilogue

Fortunately, Abi and Melanie have generous building and contents insurance cover, and with Toby’s help filing the claim they got the coffee shop and my apartment professionally cleaned. Also, fortunately, the thin man recovered in spite of falling from the ladder and hitting his head.
Abi told me that Danny said he would not be able to defend her against a murder or manslaughter charge. Or even attempted murder.
I said that was awful, but Abi laughed and said it’s only because Danny doesn’t deal in those sort of crimes. But he would certainly make sure she got the best defence possible.
As it’s turned out, it doesn’t look as though the police will be making charges. Thanks to having a solid-state hard drive, my laptop survived Abi using it as a blunt instrument. The first head injury has provisionally been put down to self-defence in mitigating circumstances.
Danny told Abi, before making her statement to the police, to say she knocked the man over the head with my laptop, and not to say she smashed him over the head, or use similar words implying unnecessary violence. Good advice.
In Abi’s favour is the fact that her action with my laptop saved our lives. And the second head injury, when the man fell from the ladder in his hurry to escape, is considered to be the more severe one, for which we are not considered responsible.
The thin man was rushed to hospital with severe concussion. It took him a couple of days to regain consciousness, and of course he claimed complete loss of memory and had no idea how or where he got his head injury. Nor could he explain how his prints got on the handgun.
At the moment he’s under round-the-clock police protection in a secure hospital. Danny thinks he’s likely to recover his conveniently lost memory with the offer of a reduced prison sentence and witness protection.
I’m not so sure. He probably knows what happened to Gerry the Taff in witness protection in a safe house, so I’m thinking he may not be too keen on that offer.
So the gang leaders are free to carry on their insidious trade, although slowly the numbers are being reduced. But like spiders that can grow new legs, I doubt their numbers have been reduced significantly, if at all. But all that could be about to change.
I can see how brilliant Liam was in changing over the locker keys. Courtney has told me that the police now have the records from the man’s network provider, even though it’s a burner phone. They also have the network details of the number he phoned. Apparently, even when calls are encrypted, every call goes through a virtual number operator. I think it’s the same thing as a cellular carrier. Everyone in the chain of phone calls is now being tracked through their call logs, text messages, data usage and approximate location.
So just a simple panicky phone call about the locker not opening, means police have access to possibly dozens of phones all connected with the drugs network. So well done, Liam, although his name obviously won’t be mentioned in any enquiries. I hope mine won’t be, either!
Courtney says Brevelstone CID are now standing down. I think that’s good news. The investigation isn’t local anymore. Their input has helped trace a major international network, not something just operating in the towns around here. Scotland Yard and the UK security forces are putting a large, specialist team onto it, plus the police forces of other countries. And probably lots of secret services around the world.
I get the feeling Courtney and the others aren’t sorry to be handing everything over. It cost them one life ‒ Sam’s. Brevelstone CID have certainly earned some brownie points for the work they’ve done, and it helped Courtney get her promotion. I doubt Roger Dickinson will come back from Scotland. As far as I can gather he’s enjoying the peace of the countryside, although he’s not so enthusiastic about the days when the weather goes wild.
When I rang about the delivery of the treadmill, to explain I would be out of town but Abi would let them in, the gang would have seen my number come up, which is why the man answered under the company name. The police traced the number back to an unregistered phone, which is also having its call logs checked.
Sadly, I’ve ended up having to buy my own treadmill. Union Sports Development claim they have no knowledge of the offer of a free treadmill, and they were most unsympathetic about my plight.
My new treadmill isn’t interactive. And that’s deliberate. I don’t want a sports fitness company receiving reports about how often I’m using it. It’s entirely my own business if I occasionally feel the need for a couple of apple Danish pastries in Button Up, and take a day away from the treadmill now and again.
The floor in my apartment is made from lovely old pine floorboards. The petrol seeped between them in places, and dripped through the ceiling of the coffee shop below, leaving stains that were quickly fixed with a special sealant.
So Button Up was able to open after a couple of days, when the petrol had evaporated enough not to be a fire risk. My apartment and bedsit took longer to clean, so I had to rent hotel accommodation, and use the room as my office for a couple of weeks. And of course I needed new bedding – all paid for by the insurance company.
Toby feels bad about the disaster at Courtney and Ollie’s celebratory meal at Parke’s, even though he was completely innocent. He’s offered to pay for another one himself, but Courtney says that’s fine. She said very few things run smoothly in the police force.
The good news is that the police decided to see if Paula was in the area, by tracing where her bankcard was being used. She was found staying in a local hotel, and taken in for questioning about sending me threatening letters, and making a malicious phone call to the police saying she had witnessed Toby’s car being involved in the hit-and-run.
Apparently she’d seen the damage on Toby’s car caused by the badger, and when she heard about the hit and run on the local news she came up with this nasty plan to get him arrested. To her twisted mind it seems she thought she was somehow getting her own back for the death of her sister Kate.
Paula also admitted to stalking both Toby and me. The black Ford Focus? She doesn’t even have a driving licence, and wouldn’t know how to drive one anyway. I don’t think she’s facing a custodial sentence. At the moment she’s undergoing psychiatric tests, and I know Toby isn’t going to press charges.
So who tried to kill Toby and me up by the reservoir? That question was answered a few days ago when three teenage youths and a girl, under the influence of drugs, crashed a black Ford Focus on a bend on the Brevelstone road.
They admitted they wanted to frighten pedestrians by driving at them in the dark and swerving away at the last moment. They said they only did it for kicks. Fortunately, their stupid kicks came to an end when they hit a tree, not a person, writing off the car, and nearly writing themselves off.
The forensic examination connected the car to the hit-and-run which, to my great shame, I.... No, of course I always knew it wasn’t Toby ... didn’t I? I suppose I can’t really blame the police. It was only because of the malicious phone call Paula made to them that they broke up our celebration at Parke’s.
Toby seems closer to me than ever now. He’s taking me to the reservoir for a picnic on Saturday afternoon. He’s not said anything about being turned on when he saw me wearing the ginger wig, so he probably likes me just as I am.
The insurance company decided that because of the age of his Corsa, repairing the damage caused by the badger would be too expensive. Toby was thinking of upgrading the car anyway, so he took the money and Rupert Forrester helped him find a buyer for the damaged car.
I told Toby to see if he could buy the 1948 black and red Alvis convertible that Rupert had been fixing. It was only a joke, but I still fancy being driven around town with the top down, wearing a 1940’s hat like Audrey Hepburn, and being dropped off for breakfast at Tiffany’s ‒ aka Button Up.
I don’t think Toby thought much of the idea, because he’s already bought a new model Vauxhall Corsa. It’s less than two years old, and he says there’s a lot more room in it than there was in the old model.
I wonder why he told me that.

THE END

Return to Table of Contents

The Abi Button Book Series

Tall Men and Strangers is the first Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abigail (Abi) Button is thirty-one, and in spite of kissing a few frogs she has yet to find her prince. On the lookout for a tall, dark stranger (but not too strange) she realises he has been living locally all the time. It’s just that she has not really noticed Jack Thornley until she meets him in her road late one evening, standing by an emergency ambulance.
Abi’s elderly neighbour is Ivy Smith, and she’s ninety-one. She gives Abi a small silver key, telling her to keep it secret from her nephew Jack who is helping to care for her. What the key opens, Abi has no idea.
Ivy worries that she hears someone moving around her house at night, when she should be alone. Abi tries to reassure her by saying it’s only the old house settling at night, or noisy neighbours, but Ivy Smith is unconvinced. Soon Abi is unconvinced, too.
As Abi’s friendship with Jack develops, he invites her to his local church where she meets Danny Wells. Much to her embarrassment she remembers kissing Danny at school. Old memories start to surface, threatening to put the relationship with Jack in jeopardy.
A cozy mystery romance taking place in a small English town, told by Abi Button.

Poetry and Mayhem is the second Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi Button gets involved with the lazy nephews and nieces of their elderly uncle who lived in the creepy house at the far end of her road. Isaac Whittard Magritte Newton, to give him his full name, has set a cryptic clue in his will for the siblings to solve. The will says the first nephew or niece who can solve the clue is going to be extremely wealthy, but the puzzle seems unbreakable. The old man once set crossword puzzles for two of the national newspapers, and other puzzles for various magazines. Abi, with her modest skills in cryptic crosswords, has to admit defeat.
Also on Abi’s mind, perhaps as a matter of greater importance than solving the clue that will help four squabbling siblings, is her developing friendship with junior solicitor Danny Wells. She wonders if she has at last found the right man. Melanie Upton ‒ Abi’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ assures Abi that this one is definitely a keeper. But as Abi points out, Melanie says the same thing about every man Abi gets to know.

Cake and Calamity, the third Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
“Organising a wedding is a piece of cake,” to quote Abigail (Abi) Button. She could be right, because a local wedding shop provides the whole service: bridal gowns, venue, cake, food, cars ... everything that makes the perfect wedding. Apart from husbands!
Meanwhile, Melanie Upton ‒ Abi Button’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ confides in Abi that romance is in the air with an Italian property investor called Romero Rocco. Can it be true?
Abi’s new friend and neighbour is also getting married. She now owns the house Abi calls Creepy Mansion. She says getting a builder to restore the old house should also be a simple matter. So with a joint wedding planned for Abi and her new friend, Abi asks, “What can possibly go wrong?”
A cozy mystery romance taking place in the small English town of Craidlea, told by Abi Button.

Ghouls and Jewels, the fourth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi returns from her honeymoon to find a threatening letter on the doormat. Her new friend Alice says her sister and brothers are claiming she’s secretly in possession of a priceless Russian tiara and associated jewels, and they insist on having their share ‒ and they are already arranging to take her to court.
This is news to Alice, so Abi and Alice, with their new husbands set out to search the creepy old house that Alice has recently purchased.
A neighbour says she has heard wailing coming from the house, and Abi’s childhood fear that the house is haunted seems to be confirmed when she sees a woman’s face staring out between the bars of a basement window at night.
The search for the Russian treasure leads to an unpleasant encounter with a dominating father and aunt. More problems for Abi to solve, in between running Button Up coffee shop with her co-owner Melanie Upton, who has romantic news to share. This time it sounds as though it could be promising ‒ with just one small drawback.

Doughnuts and Disaster, the fifth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
It’s late February and the area is experiencing an unexpected cold snap with snow. Liam, Steve Donovan’s eight-year-old son, is staying with Abi while Steve and Melanie are on their honeymoon.
Abi is concerned when single mum Bethany reports a man wearing a long raincoat, hanging around the local play area taking photographs. Bethany is afraid that her father and disagreeable Aunt Erica have sent him to spy on her, with a view to snatching baby Freddie. Abi thinks there are two men watching. Why two?
Young Liam is clearly upset by all the changes in his life, and Abi tries to win his confidence with jam donuts. Abi warns Liam and his friends to keep away from the deep pond in the woods, because the ice is too thin to walk on. But Liam is on the hunt for Bigfoot, convinced he lives somewhere amongst the trees.
Bethany’s friendship with Harry the builder seems to be turning into a romance, maybe even a wedding ‒ if Bethany’s father and Aunt Erica can be kept away. Pete and Hayley also wonder if this is a good opportunity to discuss marriage!
A cozy mystery romance taking place in the small English town of Craidlea, told by Abi Button.

Apple Pie and Follies, the sixth and final Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance. 
Alice and Rupert Forrester have just moved into the house Abi used to call Creepy Castle. The basement apartment will soon be ready for newlywed Bethany and Harry with baby Freddie. Alice finds an old map of the area in the college library, which leads to some exciting discoveries.
Some items donated to the local cat charity cause serious problems for Abi and Danny, with Danny locked in a police cell and suspended from work at lawyers Branks, Davis & Waters, and Abi taken in for questioning. Meanwhile, life at Button Up coffee shop proceeds in the usual way ‒ a way that is often far from normal.

Button Up Detective Agency
The Button Up spin-off Series

Clocks Locks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #1
When Janika Jones’ husband is found dead, his death is initially assumed to be suicide. Sam Jones was a detective with the local CID, and Janika is determined to prove he was murdered. Realising she has detective skills of her own, she trains to be a private investigator, and sets up an office above the Button Up coffee shop owned by Abi Wells, a girl she knew at school as Abi Button.
Calling her business the Button Up Detective Agency, Janika sets out to find her own cases to investigate, having been warned by the police not to investigate her husband’s murder. But that’s something she can’t resist when the opportunity arises. When things turn nasty, who can she trust?
Told by Janika Jones, this is a slightly darker cozy mystery spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Hugs Bugs and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #2
As Janika Jones settles into her new career as a private investigator – fully trained, of course – she is asked to take the part of a New York art collector’s assistant to investigate a picture in a London art gallery, where she has to obtain vital photographic evidence without being caught. The theft of a collection of wartime medals leads to a gruesome discovery. And being accused of poisoning an unwelcome visitor is just another event in Janika’s hectic life at the Button Up Detective Agency.

Shoes Clues and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #3
When Janika Jones started the Button Up Detective Agency, she was reluctant to get involved in matrimonial problems. However, a desperate call from a woman whose life could be in danger convinces Janika that she needs to take action, urgently.
Meanwhile, Piers Pillinger wants Janika to carry out another job involving Humphrey Broxburn, the owner of a West End art gallery. Piers assures Janika that she is in no danger and she can trust Humphrey absolutely, but when she is bundled into a blacked out vehicle in the centre of London, she wonders who has been deceiving who.
A major theft from the Mill Lane Garage where Rupert Forrester works makes suspicion fall on Rupert who was last to leave and should have locked up and set the alarm. But did he forget? Janika gets assistance from Toby Walton as she tries to track down the thief and put Rupert in the clear. As Janika says about Toby, “He’s not really my boyfriend.” But Abi and Alice have other ideas.
Told by Janika Jones, this is the third slightly darker spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Kicks Tricks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #4
This book.

Cards Shards and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #5
A second attempt to hold the previously abandoned celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika, Toby, Courtney and Ollie ends once again in catastrophe. There are accusations all round, but who is innocent and who is being set up? Janika wants to help sort out the innocent from the guilty, because she’s about to be arrested for a crime she didn’t commit. And Courtney is suspended from the CID.
Amabelia Flores, who is opening a small flower shop just up the road from Button Up, is suspected of giving false evidence about Janika to the police. But why would she do that? What harm has Janika done to her? And when Janika looks into the florist’s background, she discovers a suspicious past ‒ or is there something important that she has yet to discover?
Janika and Courtney hold their own investigation into the accusations which are the subject of two separate police enquiries, and try to find the connection. Toby Walton? Fortunately for Janika, he’s still hanging in there ‒ for now. Then their investigation takes them all to the edge of disaster.

Phones Bones and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #6
Coming spring 2022
When Daisy Evans, a.k.a. Amabelia (Bella) Flores gets the result of a DNA test she has done in an attempt to discover her unknown father, things don’t work out well, and she risks losing her new florist business. Bella asks Janika Jones to investigate, and the result is something neither of them expected.
Janika is also investigating aliens who are apparently landing at night in the field behind Nigel Frampton’s house. Unsurprisingly, the police show no interest at all, so Nigel hires Janika to set up a surveillance camera. Janika has to hope no one finds out what she’s doing, or she will become a laughing stock. However, it turns out that the job is far from laughable, and there’s serious danger involved.
Piers Pillinger wants to make use of Janika’s photographic skills again, and assures her this is a perfectly straightforward job at his own home. Nothing can possibly go wrong ‒ and Janika believes him!
Toby Walton? Well....

<><><><>

White Tree Publishing publishes mainstream evangelical Christian literature in paperback and eBook formats, for people of all ages. We aim to make our eBooks available free for all eBook devices, but some distributors will only list our books free at their discretion, and may make a small charge for some titles ‒ but they are still great value!
We rely on our readers to tell their families, friends and churches about our books. Social media is a great way of doing this. Take a look at our range of fiction and non-fiction books and pass the word on. You can even contact your Christian TV or radio station to let them know about these books. Also, please write a positive review if you are able.
Check out our website to find over 200 fiction and non-fiction books, including a range of books for younger readers. The majority of our fiction books are Victorian romances carefully and lovingly edited and abridged for readers today.

https://whitetreepublishing.com

Return to Table of Contents

