
Alessio Chiadini Beuri


MAX PAYNE
THE AMERICAN DREAM



Andaluso Errante Books


Transl.: Simona Casaccia
Cover:  ©Alessio Chiadini Beuri 

©Alessio Chiadini Beuri 2021
THE PROJECT

I met Max Payne in a cold winter of many years ago during the writing of my thesis. A neurotic period spent with my nose stuck in books and inside a refrigerator wide open on a bored and anxious hunger.
I was immediately taken by Max Payne's caustic jokes, his total disregard for danger and his puny appearance, totally unsuitable for all the shit he would have faced in the first videogame of the series. Due to the tight budget, in fact, it was Sam Lake, the creator of the character, to lend him the features, and he was not a burly, tough to the bone Mark Wahlberg any.
As a writer and movie buff, I am constantly on the lookout for novelizations, the novels based on successful movies. For this reason, after spending hundreds of hours between used book markets and online stores and having managed to retrieve the most disparate and unthinkable titles, I realized, incredulous, that no one had ever thought of putting on paper (real and digital) the story of the most famous undercover cop in the videogames.
"Max Payne - The American Dream" is the first part of the adventure, the one that ends with the confrontation between Max and Jack Lupino and the meeting with the beautiful Mona Sax. The final objective of this project is to take Max to the top of the Aesir Tower and see him carry out his revenge.
In this unauthorized literary transposition, I've kept all the original speech, the true backbone of the game and the guideline of my writing, centred on respecting the pungent and magnetic atmosphere of that long night, where a tremendous blizzard drove New York to the edge of Walhalla and a man to face his demons with a pack of aspirins and a Desert Eagle.

Alessio Chiadini Beuri

Summary

The American Dream
Black Shit
A heroic death
A train under the tree
Beyond the breach
Bullet time
A new geometry
Alex Balder
Entrance to Bogart
First row seat
Room Service
Burn in hell, Jesus!
Nine lives
The beating heart of New York
Raise your glasses
Whores and old laces
Rico Muerte
Word to the arms
Wonder Boy
Fear gives you wings
Dirty Clothes
Blood trail
Yard Time
Into the void
Brutal police
Did I do this?
RagnaRock
Satan the great
Milk and cookies
A ruthless lone avenger
Fire from the sky
Blood uterus
Jack Lupino
Double Whisky
Alessio Chiadini Beuri's other books:


The American Dream


«Stand by: 10.10 Aesir Plaza.»
«10.4 Central. Confirm address.»
«Aesir Plaza.»
«Shots fired on roof of building.»
«Assault in progress at Aesir Plaza. Repeat: assault in progress!»
«15.85 Central. Reinforcements needed. Need more units now! Officer in jeopardy. Officer in danger!»  
«10.05. Confirm. Officer in distress. All units...»
They were all dead. 
The last shot was like the exclamation point at the end of everything that had happened. I loosened my grip on the trigger. 
It was all over. 
For it to make sense, I had to go back three years, to the night my torment began.
I was still with the NYPD at the time. Manhattan, Midtown North precinct, Hell's Kitchen.
«When are you going to decide to work for me, Detective Payne?» Alex Balder had moved to the DEA a few months ago and was trying to convince me to join him.
«Who knows what circle of hell I would find myself in. Sorry Alex: my family comes first. See, my last cigarette. It's not good for the baby.»
«There's my old Max: boy scout heart.»
«See you, Alex.»
«You always play poker on Friday nights, don't you?»
«I like to steal candy from kids.» I greeted. 
My shift, for that day, was over.
 Life was smiling down on me. The setting sun on a summer evening. The smell of freshly cut grass. The laughter of children playing. A little house in New Jersey, Across the river. A beautiful wife and a charming little girl.
The American dream comes true.
«Hi! I'm back!» I returned.
 Dreams, however, can suddenly turn into nightmares without the slightest warning. The sun had ended its journey as darkness swept across the sky, as if in a bleak omen.
«Michelle?! Honey? Anyone home?»
 I didn't like the show from the start, even though I had been given a front row seat.
«What the hell?!»
 Something sinister and horrible had been drawn on the wall: a syringe. An object imbued with diabolical meanings.
I hung up the phone.
«Help! Someone broke into my house. Call the police!» I was on the verge of panic.
«Am I talking to the Payne house?»
«Yes, someone has broken into my house! I'm still here, you have to help me!»
«Sorry, I can't help you.»
The voice hung up leaving me holding the tool. 
«Who is this? Hello!»
I cursed in impatience and disbelief and nearly smashed the handset, putting it back.
I pulled out my service pistol and found a path through the tangle of overwhelming anxieties that took my breath away. What should have been a warm and safe nest had turned into a dark and threatening maze.
When I entered the room, the intruders were still inside. Michelle's body was lying on the bed. The crib no longer rocked placidly to collect my daughter's dreams. She was lying on the floor. A bundle was wrapped in a light blue sheet.
«NOOO!»

This had all happened three years ago. My life turned upside down forever in the span of a minute. The killers were high on a new and very powerful synthetic drug named Valkyrie. After the funeral, I told Alex that I would accept a transfer to the DEA. It took three long years before we found a solid lead in the Valkyrie case. Finally, an informant told us that Jack Lupino, a gangster affiliated with the Puncinello clan, oversaw the operation. And that's how I found myself infiltrated into one of the worst mafia families in New York.

Black Shit

Outside, the city looked like a cruel monster shrouded in an icy darkness. I was trying to work my way up from the smallest fish to the top, to who was running the drug ring. Alex and B.B. were my only DEA contacts, the only ones privy to my mission. 
«This is B.B.: We found out something about Jack Lupino. You need to meet up with Alex right away at the Roscoe Street station.»
I hadn't seen Alex since I'd been working undercover.
A real snowstorm was raging. Ice bullets were raining down as if the sky wanted revenge on the earth. Everyone was looking for shelter, as if he'd never reappear tomorrow.
Not that the situation in the subway was any better. I felt a strange sensation, like a sudden uppercut in the middle of my face. Something was wrong. My beretta twitched under my raincoat. But the train doors had already closed behind me: too late to get off.
Next stop: Roscoe Street station.
And Alex.
The track was deserted, the air duct fans circulated like fingernails on a blackboard. I looked around: there was an overturned bin and the whole place smelled like a latrine. I walked towards the railway staff quarters, where Alex and I usually had our gallant encounters. The door opened with a screech and when I entered the corridor an icy chill ran down my spine: a huge blood stain stained the wall. Two tiles right in the middle of that blood graffiti were shattered. Something small and angry had broken them. That wasn't all, though: a long trail continued toward the end of the hallway, disappearing behind a closed door. If I had crossed that border, I would have found a dead man, or a badly wounded one. Perhaps in the company of a sweet little nurse, though that was no life for such expectations.
I drew my gun and approached. I leaned an ear against the cold doorframe. Not a sound, not a whimper. I went in ready to cold anyone on the other side. At the end of the river of blood, lying face down on a filthy floor, was the body of a subway guard. Not a breath of life was left in that sack of flesh that until an hour before had had a name and a social security card. 
The corpse had its legs facing the wall. There was no doubt that he had not brought himself there. That room was used as a locker room for guards and railroaders; it was worn and falling apart. The chiming of water drops in the showers saturated the air with moisture.
I scoured the spaces to make sure I wouldn't have any surprises once I got out of there, like a ball in my back, for example. I walked back to the platform. 
At that moment the voices of two men came from the hallway:
«Wasn't Jack supposed to take care of this?» 
«Him and Mickey.» the other replied but was interrupted because the first man saw me appear in the doorway and, on instinct, crouched down in a shooting stance.
They weren't wearing uniforms, such as I was, except that I had just exited through a door that prevented access to non-professionals and they hadn't. That behaviour struck me as odd, as did the choice to yell «Damn it!» Instead of «Stop!»
However, the expletive hung between his throat and tongue as my beretta didn't give him a chance to finish it. I hit him in the middle of the chest and folded in the hallway. I didn't leave time to explain myself to the second man, who had pulled out a revolver and sought shelter behind one of the columns on the platform.
I searched them: they were carrying forged documents and Russian passports. At least I hadn't killed any plainclothes policemen. 
I took the stairs and tried to climb back up to the surface when a series of shots exploded in succession. Two .38 calibres.
The situation continued to deteriorate. At the top of the stairs, I peeked around the corner: two men had just killed a policeman in what appeared to be an execution. Maybe it was the famous Jack and Mickey I'd heard about. I swung my gun arm out and waved with a puff of lead.
I missed the targets completely and to make me think about it they started advancing towards my position shooting like at the Ok Corral. They feared me like a pack of wolves in front of a bitch in heat. What counted at that moment was luck and a wise choice of the right moment. My favourite mix.
I threw myself behind a garbage can, risking a bullet to split my skull in two. As I hovered like a fucking bird, I blew out an eye. The man's brains splattered on the wall. Landing with little grace on my shoulder I slid to cover, forcing my other friend to come after me. He did, but I gave him just enough time to stick out his snout. The bullet ripped through his throat and the blood gave the lapels of his jacket a Christmas feel.
After going through their pockets, I found out that it wasn't Jackie or Mickey. I did, however, pick up something that I had a feeling would come in handy: a 12mm Desert Eagle. An assault rifle in the palm of my hand. Early Christmas.
The sound of the shooting, and of my new toy, had bounced everywhere in the deserted corridors of the station. I continued toward the exit inside a maze of corridors until, behind the mouth of one of them a voice called out:
«Hey, guys...?!»
And then exclaimed, «Guys!» as I stepped into the man's view with my gun pointed in his face. The bastard was beyond an entrance gate to another wing of the building. It was as easy as a hunting trip inside a zoo. Since I couldn't search the body, I headed in the opposite direction. It only took me a couple of minutes to get used to the weight of the semiautomatic, but I was still amazed by the firepower. It was a shit situation. Black shit. Yet I kept smiling like a child.

A heroic death


I arrived at platform number 4, the one that could take me home.
I was greeted by a tune whistled by a guy armed with a shotgun. Determined to join the band, I rang my lead at the side of his head.
I had to adjust my aim.
The man, who was holding his rifle in a position convenient for long waits, turned the barrel toward me with the aid of one arm and fired. He too had not had a chance to aim at the big target and scratched the air near my jacket.
It was a tip that would come in handy in his next life since he had already used up his bonus down here.
I went down another level. From the looks of the signs, there was some maintenance work going on and access was limited to authorized personnel. Sure enough.
The man with the shotgun was guarding that entrance. The stairs were engulfed in darkness, the track was cordoned off and one of the trains was stopped midway between the platform and the tunnel behind it. No one else but yours truly. If the area was so clear, there was no reason to keep a fully armed sentry there.
Determined to go deeper I went towards another back door. I kicked it down and found myself facing the back of a man who was holding a Christ of the Metropolitan Police at gunpoint.
I quickly stepped into the assailant's field of vision, just as the little pink mist that the beretta made gushed from his head and ended up sizzling on the neon on the ceiling.
«You saved me, man!» the policeman breathed sharply.
«What's going on?»
«A massacre. These killers have appeared out of nowhere. We need help! There's a phone in the command centre upstairs!»
«Good idea.»
«Then follow me.»
I had his back until we came in front of the electronic lock on the Control Room access door. That's when I realized the man with the shotgun.
«Open it and then step aside!» I ordered the officer. «Give me a moment,« I said as I walked back down the hallway to the sentry's body. I picked up the shotgun, removed the shell he had fired at me and replaced it with one of the cartridges I found in his pocket. At that instant a bell rang and the sound of a hydraulic device going off. Like that of a security door. 
I turned around in time to see the officer's head blow up. He hadn't waited for me and had gone ahead with our plan on his own.
Nice hero's death, man.
The automatic doors were programmed to close so when the men with guns on the other side aimed at my head while I shielded myself with the officer's body, they only killed the city hall finances with the maintenance fee. Fortunately, the code entered seemed to have finally unlocked the locks because the light on the display next to the door had changed from bright red to radioactive green.
I prepared to shoot my way in. With my elbow I pushed the open button and the characteristic venting noise of the pneumatic system worked to open the mouth of hell for me.
Another body lay in front of me, halfway between the hallway I was in and the control room proper. Another cop. I didn't have time to check his condition because they started shooting at me. One was lurking behind a large control panel in the centre of the room, another was behind a makeshift trench made from an overturned desk.
I fired toward the first one but hit an electrical panel. A web of sparks shot out of the console and took a few steps before vanishing into thin air. It was enough for me to frame the face of the man surprised by the pyrotechnics behind the viewfinder and make him jump. A roar pushed my shoulder back. The man behind the desk was shooting wildly with two pistols, shattering the world around me. He had probably seen one too many cowboys and Indian movies. Too bad he didn't hit the target even by accident and my shoulder had been the most accurate shot he had made up to that point. When the ice-eyed Texan's guns went off, I came out of the darkness where I had taken refuge and enriched the big map of the subway lines with a graffiti of blood and bullet holes.
Last stop.
Only when I detached myself from the wall did I remember my shoulder. I fumbled with my eyes and fingers over the ragged edges. A glancing blow. What the tough guys in the movies call a scratch. What they never say, though, is that it burns like crazy. But I'd think about it later.
I took over the control room to bring order to the chaos.
I checked the remaining entrances, in case anyone else was dying for me to blow out the candles. One of them was locked; behind the second one I found the button room. In addition to several monitors on the wall, the track tension panels stood out. Three lines crossed at Roscoe Street: 2, 4, and 5.
The latter two were operating normally. Line 2 was off. Peeking into one of the service monitors I realized what it was and what condition it was in: it was the train halfway between the tunnel and the platform. I saw no other movements.
As I left the room, I noticed a first aid kit in a cabinet. I wouldn't have been so lucky as to find some whisky to ease the pain, but I would have been content with a couple of plasters. No luck with those either, but I earned a box of painkillers. I took two pills and stuffed the bottle in my pocket.
I still had to find Alex.

A train under the tree

I went down to the number 2 line. There I had found the policeman in hiding, the only one of his colleagues still alive when I arrived in that fucking mess.
What did he need him for down there?
I'd already searched the small office and staff quarters but doing it again wouldn't hurt. Like a fly trapped on the other side of a window I was going to keep banging on it until someone was kind enough to let me out or squash me.
Aside from the brainwashed corpse and the stench of fear that hovered like a toxic fog in the room I found nothing else. In the locker room, besides the showers and toilets, there was a long corridor that ended in darkness.
By now the beretta could have remained attached to the palm only thanks to the sweat that impregnated the stock. That was the road I had found by dint of searching. All I had to do was figure out if I was asking for it or if my luck was really in that day.
The corridor was lit only for the first part, then the neon lights began to fail or were missing. Some of them, who were struggling to stay lit, were winking at me. They seemed to be saying, «Come on Max, come closer. You can trust us.»
I advanced along the illuminated sections, crouching against the wall, shielding myself with the columns that marked my pace at a rate of five meters at a time.
Only when I had already covered half of it was I able to distinguish the end: a large steel gate barred the way. Beyond, the blackest darkness.
A gust of cold air was blowing from that direction, mixed with the stench of soggy earth and mold. I continued to the end to check the gate: double lock and a large chain with padlock emphasized the concept that my presence on the other side was as welcome as a boil on the ass. I peered inside in the pitch dark with the probability of finding my mouth violated by the barrel of a gun for one last fellatio to the death. The faint light of an emergency exit ten meters into that dark pit allowed me to see that it was another maintenance track, where locomotives were led in case of breakdown.
The line closed for maintenance, the agent kept alive right down there, the power missing only to that sector. And then that chain, brand new, closing off an entrance that could only be accessed by those in charge.
I walked back down the corridor and returned to the platform. I leaned over the black cavern of the tunnel to see if I could make it from there. Someone had thought of that, too: the tunnel ended in a bulkhead of beams. A nice ghost track. I hoped whoever had wanted to hole up in there had been smart enough to bring their own cable TV. It was a hasty construction but fit for purpose: to keep out the onlookers and law enforcement officers.
It was also more than plausible that no one knew Line 2 at Roscoe St. was closed. What was certain was that there was no one left to divert traffic onto the other tracks.
There was every reason to put on a barbecue.
That thought brought back the sweet memory of a Christmas morning so many years before:
«Finally, the fat old man in red brought me a little train!»
The locomotive doors were unlocked. I forced them open with a little pressure and they opened like the legs of a beautiful woman. I started the behemoth and when I lowered the running lever, the electric coils hummed over my head and under my palms resting on the controls. I clung to the ignition and propped myself up on my legs because the locomotive had sprung forward and picked up speed sooner than I expected. We were heading straight for the wooden curtain. Before impact, I huddled over the control panel as much as I could. We came to a screeching halt, and I fell. The barrier had caved in like butter in a haze of dust and rubble. The emergency brakes had kicked in and stopped the ride.
I pulled out the Desert Eagle and got out after taking a long look inside the fog. The gate I had seen from the staff quarters was about ten yards ahead, the dark eye of the padlock watching me. On the other side of the platform a concrete staircase led to a heavy armoured door defaced by rust. Ahead of me, the dark cavern of Line 2.
I had to find a radio and divert traffic headed there.

Beyond the breach

I took a left toward the stairs.
The door led to an abandoned area, closed since the forties. Something big was happening on Roscoe St. Maybe that's why Alex wanted to meet me there...or maybe not. One way or another, I had to find out.
I made my way through the large, moth-eaten wooden crates and walls battered by humidity. I almost shot two sewer rats as big as dogs. I went through another door and was thrown into a tangle of corridors and stairways. The darkness was so dense that a little more crept into me with each breath. When I heard a sound of water, and my foot sank into a black, muddy liquid I knew I had gone so deep into that story that I ended up in the city's sewer system. Maybe someone would say that Max Payne had finally re-joined his world but for me it was just another Friday night.
I wasn't bothered by the smell of human sewage or the biting cold that hugged my bones, but more by the fact that I still didn't know what I was doing there, or what it all had to do with Jack Lupino and my investigation.
Alex Balder was going to have to be very convincing when his turn came.
I followed the main shaft with the dim light from the service bulbs twenty feet above my head. From time to time, square grates overflowing with dense puffs of steam opened in the ceiling. I continued until the echo of the tunnels came back with a tangle of voices that I did not understand.
I harmonized the sound of footsteps with the rhythm of the slime stream beneath my feet. I spotted three men on what had once been a platform of the old line, now disused. It was awash in wooden crates. From what I could see, all three were armed. One of them was preaching that «...you should never complain.»
It seemed like good advice and the man almost certainly had the moral fiber to do what he professed. I aimed at his knee but what came out of his mouth was not praise to the Lord.
The guy bent over the injured joint that couldn't hold his weight a second longer while the others who were with him decided what to do. Mom always said that if you wait too long life will end up deciding for you. Unfortunately, in their case, in place of Life was Mr. Payne and an arrogantly mannered semiautomatic.
While the preacher was trying to get back on his feet, the others were committed to missing me. My advantage had been keeping myself out of the light cone of the service lamps. When the preacher raised his gun against the glare that had just killed his two cronies, I nailed his hand to the butt of the gun. At that point I stepped out of the shadows and covered the height difference between the shit creek and the dock with a leap.
«What's going on, man?» the man stared at me, but his gaze was blank, as if he couldn't hold the life inside him. I shook him hard trying to figure out what was wrong with him. The joint was gone but it hadn't been a fatal blow. I also noticed a dark spot under his armpit. It was expanding and the man was expiring beneath me. I could make out the outline of a bullet hole and realized that he had been hit by friendly fire while they were firing blindly, and he was in the centre of the shooting area. He left without answering me.
So much the worse for me, I had to keep going and see how deep the rabbit hole went.
The entrance in front of which the three of them were getting busy was an uphill tunnel, a deep ravine paved with steps and lined with tiles as small as mosaic tiles and as grey as a dead man's teeth. Halfway up, the world began to shake and sway, and a cavernous roar grew and enveloped me like a flood wave, overcoming the red thread of thoughts and my shortness of breath. The roar was followed by the rain of rubble that the vault regurgitated on me. The ceiling was collapsing but the landslide must have been so extensive that it involved the entire station. It would have found me wherever I took refuge.
«What the hell was that?»
In an effort to put off the end of the rat as long as possible I reached the top of the steps only to enjoy in stereo the echo of what I was able to categorize at that moment as a huge explosion. It couldn't have been the locomotive I had crashed because the mess was above me, not below. Plus, the locomotive was electric, so no fuel.
«I've got it, hand me the detonator.» I heard a man's voice hoarse from too much smoke say once the universe settled back down. Covering me from his view was a wall of mouldy wooden crates through which I observed part of the scene thanks to moth-eaten holes and missing laths. A man was kneeling in front of an old, armoured door, fiddling with what looked like a couple of kilograms of C4, while the «delivery man« was a blond guy who had just emerged from a large gash in the wall. In their hands were some kind of remote control.
«If you open that too we'll die of drafts!» I complained as I emerged from my lucky hiding place, aiming at the head of the one who seemed to be the most belligerent, even though at that moment he was in a position of offering rather than attacking. Mouthfuls.
The man gave me a wondering look and gasped as if searching for some fresh air.
«Do the taxpayers know about the renovations? Did anyone consult them about the colour of the bathroom tiles?»
«I'm going to kill this bastard!» shouted the second, hysterical.
«Hey! Let's get a few things straight: what's with you today? Is it World «Let's open a second asshole for old Max, you'll see how he'll thank us!» day? And, secondly, only my mother can call me a bastard since she's the only one who can say it for sure!» I joked and meanwhile I was catching my breath. I didn't want to admit it but the explosion had left me with an extra systole and a long wet streak in my underpants. 
The man on his knees was trying to make eye contact with his companion by pushing the twisting of his neck to the border of demonic possession.
I had no idea what he was trying to say to him: whether to keep quiet, since he had extracted the one-way ticket to the morgue, or whether he wanted to incite him to put an end to my headache by flipping the switch forever with a bullet. The man on his knees could see as far as the end of his own shoulder and listen to the blond man run his finger over the trigger and his thumb over the hammer of the gun, in the sweaty grip of his hand along his side. In the other, the grip on the detonator. The guy on his knees was also sweating like a pig but it was likely because of the uncertainty of whether I would shoot him first or his partner when he finally decided to point the gun at me and open fire. I realized I had been sweating in my boots when I blasted the arm of the partner who had finally decided to raise his gun.
«Sorry, conditioned reflex!» I apologized, picking up the weapon from the ground. As for the remote control, there was nothing I could do: it had split in two and stopped flashing. I had to shout to drown out the moans. «How bad is it?» I mimed, using my legendary expressiveness. I sent him to sleep by hitting the base of his neck. I turned to the other.
«What are you doing and how many do I find on the other side?» then I didn't tell him that by now he might as well turn around.
«This old stretch of subway goes right into the side of the Federal Trust Bank vault, man.»
«And how many piggies will I have to blow away?»
«There's five more downstairs. Don't kill me, I beg you!»
«'Night!» I hit him so hard his head hit the old rusty door that rang unfinished like a broken bell. They were both going to be sleeping for a while.  Beyond the breach, then.

Bullet time

I stepped over the two sleeping beauties and placed my free hand on the edge of that giant gash in the wall. My fingers became tangled with the pitch black of the combustion and my nostrils filled with the pungent smell of the shining explosive. The wall was about ten feet thick, which was why they hadn't razed the place to the ground earlier. Beyond the dust, mostly deposited on the ground, I found myself in what must have been one of the bank's safe rooms. A steel grille would have separated me from the corridor and the other cells, replete with fucking solid gold bars stacked in sumptuous, truncated pyramids, had it not been forcibly uprooted with the hastily abandoned and hastily parked forklift.  I moved forward as I looked for evidence of the robbers' presence beyond the long corridor. One of them stood out in the circular silhouette of a huge, armoured door, open like the legs of a beautiful woman. The man, who had noticed from the corner of his eye a movement on my side, turned to check and forced me to retreat a few steps.
He didn't shoot at me because he hadn't seen enough to be sure that I wasn't one of his men, looking out to peek at his colleagues' work. It was for that reason that I scanned a couple of names advancing towards me. The accent sounded Ukrainian, and one of the callers must have been from Eastern Europe as well.
With my tight Russian phrasebook, I answered him with a «yes!» [DA!] trying to impart the correct inflection to him. Intent on considering that intuition, which then became doubt, the man lowered his machine gun for a fraction of a second. I wouldn't have needed more. I fired the service pistol.
The bullets gently penetrated his chest, swallowed by a tongue of dark blood. He had time to let out a groan, then his lifeless body slid to the floor, smearing the wall with blood.
I had started the dance. From the gaping jaws of the vault two more heads sprang up in the space of about twenty seconds, followed in succession by shoulders, torsos and thundersticks. Seeing them all dressed up and all excited, I too prepared myself for the after-dinner: Dad's car, Mom's recommendations, and Uncle Sam's advice, fully armoured.
I swiped the Beretta in my left hand and welcomed the Desert Eagle's ivory grip. More firepower, more work for the cleaners. They began to take turns in pleasantries, firing at me politely without overlapping, some with a roar of UZIs and bullets, some with a few warm-up shots, just to keep me where they wanted me; some aiming with precision to make my ears ring, missing what was in between on purpose and enjoying making sure I noticed. I lifted my arms and aimed at the big targets, advancing between bursts of hot lead and expletives. A couple of them came from me. Strong in their numbers they did the same, convinced that I wouldn't even make it halfway down the corridor.
The world began to move in slow motion. A slow, gentle roll. It was certainly due to the adrenaline that my spasming heart was pumping through my body. My leg felt as if it had been raised for at least twenty minutes and the flash of gunpowder a fatuous fire fifty inches from my face.
Thoughts chased each other like scarves from a magician's pocket but the scene was suspended in time and space, with no hurry to continue. I could calmly observe the two men, the details of their faces, the sweat along their temples, the grime on the collar of the flannel shirt of the one holding the gun, the reflection of the gold bridge on the upper arch of the robber with the gun who cared so much about my dickhead that he wanted to have it as a souvenir for his living room shelf. 
I had plenty of time to shoot and enjoy the sight of blood spurting from their bodies as the large calibre bullets from the Desert Eagle passed them through or those from the Glock that hit like fists and stayed in to make them bleed properly. I saw those men drop like skittles before I had even finished the jump and was lying on the ground with my guns ready for another round.
I tried to remember how long it had been since I last drank like a dragon and if it was somehow a delayed-onset hangover. I doubted it, since I'd started my undercover work, I'd cut back on the bottle and the Super Bowl-size six-packs of beer. Sure, after Michelle and Rose's deaths I'd had my hard times, but I hadn't wronged anyone but myself. The metallic taste of the barrel of my gun on the dreary morning of that gloomy Sunday forced me to look at the bottom of the glass and the emptiness that was my life. I realized that I had nothing left but revenge, and it would not leave me easily. The next day, after a stout dose of coffee I had applied for readmission to active duty and two months later life as an alcoholic widower with a propensity for suicide was over.
I wouldn't have been surprised if the sensory alterations I had just experienced couldn't be traced to some brain damage from alcohol abuse while grieving. I had been going so hard that I almost laughed in the doctor's face when, after the thorough check-up I underwent prior to reinstatement, he told me that my liver would outlive me, but it was the rest of me that scared him to death. Brain fried or not, if it helped to stay alive and kill bad men it was foolish to complain.
I pulled myself up remembering that the one I knocked out had told me about five friends and that there were only three in the vault. Two more were waiting for me and by then they knew I wasn't a leprechaun looking for the rainbow.


A new geometry


I didn't realize that the police sound alarm wasn't working until I pulled up to the security door and it started pounding in my ears. From that moment on I could have huddled in a corner and waited for the cavalry to arrive and push them towards the only way out. Behind me, however, I had left the two henchmen stunned, and now that the boys in blue had arrived, realized what they were dealing with, and made a negotiation, they might recover and put me in a sandwich that was hard to swallow. Might as well go for the glory.
In the centre of the second room were two long desks with all the buttons that were used to open the security doors, activate silent alarms, and cut off airflow at will in the storerooms and safe rooms. I wasn't aware of Trust Federal Bank's anti-robbery measures, but I braced myself for the fact that the robbers had found a couple of shotguns and tazers to shoot me in the face. What I was certain of was that they were waiting for me.
The doors to the other two vaults were locked. 
I blew up the monitor of one of the computers and it sizzled one last time before shutting down. A cascade of fragments fell over the edge of the table. Nothing, no reaction. Not a head peeping over the horizon of the desk watching the sunset. Convinced that they had not noticed my attention I fired directly at the body of the desks at the height of where kneeling men would have their heads and vital organs, certain that the Desert Eagle would go through the wood like butter. A measly handful of shots in sequence were what it took to piss them off. They came out of hiding together, raining as much fire as they could on me. I took cover behind the steel hinge of the vault door waiting for them to reload. That was about a minute and a half later. One of them had an AK47 assault rifle while, from the sound of it, the other one was spewing anger with a Remington 12-gauge shotgun, as nasty as any. The rifle had already reloaded three times, but I had to wait for the assault rifle so as not to be sawed in half like a redwood. I had lost sight of them for a minute and a half and could only tell where they were by the direction of the shots and the din, which was however tainted by the tremendous echo of the vault.
For that reason, I looked out and fired a few scout shots before returning to cover. The one with the buckshot didn't miss a chance and unleashed a couple of his pups behind me. I answered but with the return shot I only managed to miss him by fifty centimetres. The shotgun, however, was slow and cumbersome so, a moment after taking cover, I returned the favour. I took him in the shoulder, which became a shapeless mass of minced meat. In the meantime, the AK47 had been reloaded and was sounding again. That was the one that distracted me and graced the robber with the Remington. I had to throw myself to the right, losing the protection of the door for good and remaining in a wasteland without shelter. While the one with the mangled shoulder was screaming and dropping his weapon, the other had no choice but to mow me down like an ear of corn. And he would have succeeded if a shell hadn't gotten stuck halfway through the ejection mechanism. The man cursed as he tried to operate the magazine, but I wasn't one for fair fights and didn't wait until we were all ready.
«That's right, say cheese!»
A shot to the forehead, head being violently pushed back and a man going limp like a puppet whose strings were cut.
I approached the one still alive by kicking the rifle away. 
Batsy Jones, the Pope. 
And there the swallows had just become two. Batsy was so close to Lupino that he was an emanation of him. He spit on me and I, to return the courtesy, sunk my heel into his shoulder. He was so happy about it that he lost consciousness. He smiled, but it could have been a grimace of pain. In that mess, with the alarm screaming at full blast and the sound of gunfire still echoing from ear to ear, I was surprised to hear the phone ring.
Who could it be? The pizza delivery guy?
I followed the source of the trills and walked around the control console. I found the phone and answered it:
«Live. Straight from the scene.»
«Who is this?»
«May I know that, too?»
«Assistant DA Jim Bravura of the NYPD. You are to cease all criminal activity and surrender immediately.»
«Of course, Jim. I talked it over with the guys and we are all very sorry. We won't do this again.»
«Who the hell are you?»
Finding myself embroiled in a bank robbery certainly wasn't going to help my reputation so I hung up looking for a way out of there. In front of me, next to the doors to the gold deposits, was a vault marked with the letter "C". The friends lying on the floor had already saved me the trouble of opening it. I couldn't leave without knowing the reason for that mess. 
In the centre of the room stood a glass table on which were two safety deposit boxes, empty, their contents strewn across the floor. The robbers hadn't had time to take it because of my intrusion. They were stock files. I studied them for a few seconds. It was the AESIR Corporation. The success it was enjoying in those days was being extolled every minute on national television networks and in the country's leading financial publications. Since I couldn't stand to dawdle too much, or I'd soon find myself in the showers at Rikers Island, teasing a burly, irascible cellmate, I left the stocks and walked around the room.
Behind the outline of the table, they had abandoned a canvas duffel bag. Through the opening poked out a large tin box with a pair of beautiful buttons crowned with a red light. Under the box I glimpsed a few bricks of C4, as in the cornucopia of the experienced terrorist. That one looked like the missing detonator from the steel door in the disused subway wing. It was probably the spare one, in case something happened to the first one. Something had happened: Max Payne.
I picked up the magic box and left the explosives for the police who were about to huff and puff and raid the vault. There was no way I was going to get out of the bank unscathed, nor was it wise to tempt fate by retracing the path of evil dead crumbs I had left in the subway. It didn't seem like such a bad idea to recycle the plan of my friends with the balaclava and the passion for stock market climbing. I went back to the depot I had come from and reached the door stepping over the two survivors. The one with the short pastry hands who had dropped the first detonator was coming to but my heel reiterated the concept explaining it between his cheekbone and temple. I placed the detonator and connected the wires to the C4 connector, set the timer knob to ten seconds and started the countdown. The LED lit up, as red as the end of a condemned man's last cigarette, and he stared at me, perhaps wondering what I was still doing there. I moved my ass, grabbed one robber by his jacket and the other by the bottom of his pants and dragged them with me to a safe distance. 
In the meantime, a BIP BIP was coming out of the box and if before it had started with moderation, in a few moments it had begun a frantic race until it was impossible to distinguish one BIP from the other. I lowered my head, by instinct, but the air displacement of the explosion wrapped my jacket around me. When the roar reached its peak, I was forced to kneel down. It was like a stab in the brain. In closed spaces and with a lot of echoes it was recommended to avoid excessive noise.
Unfortunately for me, I hadn't even glanced at the leaflet.
The temperature reached the right level to imagine what it would be like to be cremated alive. Then the explosion dispersed, sucked into the new geometry of the place.
When all was quiet again, I looked over my shoulder. Thick black smoke cluttered my vision and my breath. I shielded my eyes with my hand, knowing they would burn anyway. My lungs filled with ash, dust and highly harmful chemicals. I pushed them out of me with a couple of dry coughs as I advanced through the soot. What a man!
I found an opening and the fog gradually cleared. I was back in the subway. Big deal indeed.

Alex Balder


The steel door had been thrown against the wall, violently torn off its hinges. The shock wave had bent it like a can of dog food. I tried to dampen the buzzing in my head by shaking it energetically but only felt my brain dancing inside my skull box.
Stunned, I had not taken the time to make sure my new surroundings were safe.
It was the man standing on the other side of the closed turnstile who reminded me.
My breath was held in my rib cage as my heart pounded angrily to get him off my back.
Here lies Maximilian Payne. A big fucked up asshole like the first day of school. You're dead because you forgot the only law in force on this earth: always fuck hard.
Max, well, all in all, the trip wasn't too bad. 
My arms were burning like crazy. Too bad about the ending. Too bad I couldn't keep my promise.
Sorry, girls, I didn't live up to it. 
«Max! Good grief! I almost shot you!» Balder. I breathed a sigh of relief and lowered my gun.
«Alex! It's good to see you again!»
«What the hell is going on? There are more bodies here than in the county morgue.»
«A robbery, taking advantage of an old disused tunnel that runs under the Trust Federal Bank vault. It's Lupino's men.»
«Lupino's behind this? Are you sure?»
«Pretty sure. Nice little place for a date, though. Can you get through?»
«No, it's closed. We need to get out of here, even faster if Lupino's involved. The mole might...»
Alex couldn't finish his sentence because someone on the other side, hidden from my view, shot him in the back, like a dog. Alex fell to the right. The shooter must have been lurking on the staircase that was lost around the corner. A position that would have provided a perfect escape route. All I was able to do was watch Alex Balder slump to the ground trying to hold on to the wall for as long as he could, fail miserably, and give up when his strength left him without grace.
Poor Alex.
There was nothing left to do: he was dead, and his lifeless eyes stared at me motionless.
As I tried to reach Alex and his killer the police sirens came on like a chorus of infernal voices. They were still far away but would not be for long. The man who had shot Alex in cold blood was obviously of the same opinion as me: it was with him that I associated the sound of footsteps that went up the stairs and then disappeared, after a brief echo, into the station hall and out of my life. For the moment.
I grabbed onto the gate and yanked hard in a desperate attempt to open it. All to no avail. I left there the body of the only person who knew what I had done in the last three years and my mission. My name and face no longer appeared in the police files or in the academy's annual reports. Everything had been expertly erased when I joined the DEA. It had been done because in case anyone dug around to find out who I really was, they would only come out with artfully created records and a criminal record that was filthy to the core.
I was where I had done everything I could not to return. My hellhole in the subway had ended up taking me back to where I started, like an endless spiral.
Hurrying to Roscoe Street, I wondered why Alex had to die. And why he had wanted to meet me. What was certain was that he hadn't imagined that it would end like this, or that we would find ourselves in the middle of a robbery. And not one organized by the Mafia clan we were hunting. Strange that I hadn't heard anything in the last while. Strange that Alex didn't know about it. If there really was a mole within the family then it was plausible that he'd known about me enough to keep me away from vital information but not enough to make me eat leaf. And perhaps they had already been on the trail of Balder himself, who knows how long. The stray bullet had killed him and not gone on to me, potentially more dangerous to the family business. If they had killed me, they would have cut the DEA off at the knees, forcing them to start all over again. 
The dark sky was still scattering snowflakes and the icy wind was creeping through my clothes, drying my skin, and nicking my bones. The snow on the steps crunched under his shoes. He stepped out into the blizzard; his warm hands clasped around his smoking revolvers.
Rosce Street.
Entrance to Bogart


Lupino ran his sex, drugs and extortion ring from a seedy hotel in a rough neighbourhood. The NYPD was on its way. I could hear the crescendo of his sirens. Lupino thought he had me in the palm of his hand by taking out Alex and making everyone think it was me. He certainly had my full attention. I decided to enter the hotel, a decrepit and crusty building frequented by street thugs and tired-looking prostitutes. 
I adopted my famous Bogart-like entrance: without looking anyone in the face. 
At the front desk were a pair of murderous-looking jail leftovers: the Finito brothers.
«Ladies and gentlemen, pain made flesh!» greeted me Joey Finito.
«The ultimate in pain!» joined Virgil.
«You guys kill me! Do you make them up yourselves or do you have your own personal bullshit prompter? Never mind, it was a rhetorical question. I got something for the big boss. Is Lupino home?»
«Depends on who's after him, a friend or a fucking double agent! Don't answer that, it's one of those...useless rhetorical questions!»
«Lupino isn't here, but he'd like to say goodbye.»
My cover was blown, and the hotel doors closed behind me as I was greeted by a cascade of bullets.
That's how far the news of who I really was had already spread. Lupino had certainly given it a wide airing and then unleashed the dogs. I stepped back, bringing my hands to my sides. I found the outline of the hilt of my swords and evaded the crossfire. Joey Finito, a bad imitation of Billy Drago in The Untouchables, kicked over the reception table and hid behind it. Virgil, on the other hand, the taller of the two, wore a 1920s pinstripe suit and a cocky smile. He didn't get tough right away but stood by and watched me, standing unarmed, as I folded, and his brother hurled lightning bolts at me like a fucking rancorous god. Virgil invited me to try and kill him.
The two brothers had never been a concern to me and even then, they were nothing but annoying pebbles inside my shoe.
I wanted to hit Virgil with all my heart, but a splinter of wall carved by a stray bullet opened a cut under my cheekbone. I didn't immediately feel the warm blood rushing down my cheek and into the collar of my shirt. I would not realize it until hours later when I took off my clothes. The Desert Eagle took a sizable chunk out of the desk when the bullet missed Joey Finito by a hair. To put it in the brothers' favour I held it with my left hand. Every recoil was trying to rip my arm off. Flattered that I had almost ripped his head off, Joey Finito laughed excitedly like a little dog who realizes his owner is about to take him out for his piss & shit combo. Laughing he intensified the frequency of the shots. Even Virgil finally decided to join the party. 
His aim, however, was less excited and more precise.
The brothers swapped roles: Virgil was strenuously barricaded behind the overturned desk and his head popped out only when protected by his barrage; Joey, on the other hand, was spewing lead crushing every solid form between us with the table protecting only his lower back and ankles. That cover wouldn't last much longer; the Desert Eagle was tearing it up like ass paper.
The bastards had an excellent killing strategy: when one reloaded, the other would start shooting again, not letting me catch my breath. I had both magazines ready to use but not a chance to get my head out. They would keep it up until I fell asleep, or they exhausted the arsenal. The only shots I had left were banked plays and rebound shots. And it was with those that I built a strategy as shaky as a Jenga tower at the final heat. The Finito brothers probably thought I was shooting like a dick or that a seizure was forcing me to pull all the triggers. For what was in my head, the Beretta came to my aid because the Desert Eagle ripped apart everything in its path. The Beretta's bullets were more susceptible to playing around with cast iron radiators making them bounce where I wanted them to. The game cost me most of my spare magazines but if I was good enough and had a considerable amount of ass, from that point on I would only need the erectile power of the Desert gun.
I waited under cover until I heard Virgil Finito's gun go silent again, then I ducked to the side and shot Joey, who in the meantime was continuing his bored persuasion to get me to buy a ticket to see the Creator. Considering that we had been stalled like this for a few minutes, the repetitiveness of the sequence had lowered testosterone, adrenaline, and concentration. Joey took a moment too long to align my muzzle with the crosshairs at the end of the gun.
«Hole ball!» I shouted and fired. 
The Desert Eagle's bullet began its run with a roar and ended with a howl. It was Joey Finito's, centred in what he held most dear and what allowed him to identify himself as belonging to the male gender.
Patiently the beretta had thinned the top of the desk behind which Joey was sheltering. The gangster brought his hands up to protect what he was no longer. For a whole second, I thought about whether to give him the coup de grace or let him agonize, but then Virgil reminded me that it was a business meeting and not the time to be distracted. The brother, who had reloaded in a hurry, had exploded twice towards me without catching me. I distinctly read in the look, at first mocking, the clear awareness of the shit that had just turned against him. What his brain processed just a moment later was the imperative to squash the boil before it burst, and all the girls started laughing at him. 
But I was in worse shit since I had left my only shelter two feet behind. However, the difference between Virgil and me was that my pants were already soiled, and my trigger finger was missing the easy half.
My bullet severed Virgil's carotid artery, leaving him only to gurgle his disappointment. He ended his life on all fours, babbling curses as copious streams of blood gushed from his clasped hands around his throat. His eyes, just before contemptuous, turned milky and finally decided for the glassy. 
Next to Virgil's body, his brother Joey held his balls moaning like a whore. He wasn't hurt enough to die but not healthy enough to get up and walk away.
«Good thing your sunglasses didn't fly off.» I said. «Don't squint, Joey.»
I heard his breathing quicken and shorten as he waited for the kill shot. I shot him in the back of the head.

First row seat



«Everything okay?»
Off-key voices, beyond the door.
I'd only met Lupino once. That was because much of his racket was run by his loyal right-hand man, Vinnie Gognitti. Gognitti was a hypertensive nutcase perpetually on the verge of a nervous breakdown. He had the brains to run such a business, but he lacked the balls. So he ended up relieving his tension on cheap call girls.
I found a letter among the papers scattered on the floor, among the bodies and blood of Joey and Virgil. I picked it up.

«Plan V will take place at the hotel. Jack's exact words were: -Vinnie, to you the honors of the house. - Rico Muerte will also be in the game. If anything goes wrong, we're all dead. Treat this guy with due care: whatever he wants, give it to him. Let's not mess this up or we're finished.»

Plan V meant extra surveillance, barred doors, and lots of trigger-happy rednecks. I hadn't seen anything interesting, but that might not have meant anything. Rico Muerte was the classic ruthless badass.
The Finitos had scribbled Rico's room number in the margins of the paper.

"313"

«Everything okay in there?» they asked again.
«They're not answering, call the others: tell them to run here now!» ordered a second to a third man.
«Okay, but we can't waste any more time! We have to get in now!» objected the first, with great acumen.
Getting out would not be easy. The stairwell was locked, and the elevator had been stationary for decades. I folded the letter and slipped it into my pocket, not caring about the perfect fold. 
The shaking of the door and the creaking of the door as it responded to the guys in the hallway trying to break it down told me that I had about fifteen seconds before the gala came alive again. I looked around for a solution and then found her in my way. Even though she weighed as much as a finch, Joey wasn't going to help me: thanks to me she now had a hole where her face used to be. I already knew my shoulder wouldn't thank me. I hoped that my ass would thank me later. I lifted Virgil's weight. That tall man was taller than he looked and putting him on me like a coat was a real delirium. I helped to support him by leaning against the wall far from the door that the Finito boys were about to violate like a quarterback the prom queen on the seats of his father's station wagon. I held the back of Virgil's head straight by tugging at his thick, greasy jelly hair.
«I'm glad to hear you're so relaxed having another man behind you, Virgy, but try to stay up!» I tamped the thumb of his corpse hand into his belt so he would assume a less dead pose. In his other hand I placed the beretta while my fingers controlled the pressure on the trigger.
«Have you ever been hand-to-hand during a firefight, Virgil? You'll see you'll like it!»
When the lock groaned in exhaustion before giving way, I hid my face between the dead gangster's shoulders and held my breath.
The henchmen were faced with an absurd scene: Joey lying on the floor in a lake of blood, the desks of the reception desk overturned, the room turned upside down, the penetrating smell of gunpowder and Virgil standing there, waiting for them. Of the intruder to be slaughtered, not even a shadow.
«Where is he?» asked one, busily hiding his breath. He had entered with weapons drawn, followed by four others. There was also Sal La Monica, that old fascist asshole who enjoyed beating up the old ladies he swindled after posing as a door-to-door Bible salesman. Faced with a different scenario than expected and finding the boss in front of them instead, they didn't have the quick wit to think quickly. 
I squeezed Virgil's hand so that his index finger would produce the correct pressure on the trigger. The first shot missed everything, but I had never shot a dead body before, so I didn't lose heart. The Finito men didn't realize what was happening until the second bullet lodged in Sal La Monica's chest.
They hesitated again before turning their guns on their leader, so I took the opportunity to blow off a foot. At that point, however, their survival instincts got them over the hump resulting in the shooting of the man signing their checks. There was a drum roll in the body leaning against me and Virgil began to vibrate disconcerted by the bullets. Virgil's head fell backwards, split open like a watermelon, then forward, his chin touching his chest. I picked up the beretta again and from under the dead man's armpit I fired a volley of bullets at eye level. Virgilio was a good shield and with a few more kilos he would have resisted but by now he was crumbling in my hands. I didn't throw up on my shoes only because I was distracted by the state of integrity of Finito's internal organs, wondering behind which ones it would be better to hide mine. I waved the beretta again in desperation and in the din heard the pleasant sound of excruciating, violent suffering. I peeked over Virgil's shoulder just to see the man on the far left, breathless and inebriated, collapse to the floor and a large dark spot spread out under his leather jacket, about lung level. I moved toward them. The tips of Virgil Finito's feet crawled on the ground behind my shoes. The shoulder holding the corpse burned from the effort, the other I had to ask to shoot well because there was no margin for error.
By drastically reducing the space between me and them I increased my chances of scoring but allowed the possibility of catching me on the sides. The two still skilled ones thought the same thing so the first one to reach my flank was the one I wasn't holding at gunpoint.
Exactly what I wanted.
I favoured the asshole in favour of the Beretta because from the side of the wounded shoulder I would have been easy prey. I pierced his liver before he had time to notice and unceremoniously unloaded Virgil to get the last one too. Right between the eyes.
«Don't look at me like that, next time switch!» I said to the liver-wounded one who would slowly fade away.


Room Service



God, I wasn't fresh as a daisy either: I was out of breath. I stuck my hand in my pocket and took the bottle of aspirin. It wouldn't hurt. I downed a couple and those slipped inside me with a thirty-second long hurrah.
«Thanks Max.» I almost heard my body say. «Every once in a while, do something for me too.»
«Knock it off, and try to cooperate: is there a chance you could pop a rocket out of my ass and take off out of here?»
«You know where the exit is, Max: it looks a lot like the entrance, seen from the other side.»
I mumbled to myself to get the hell out but then thought I should go with me and since I was already in a pile of shit, it was best to handle one dick in the ass at a time. I looked for ways to get out of the room while avoiding going back the way of Finito's men, believing that others would not be long in coming. Going forward was not possible and I had noticed a wall-window before going to interview Joey and. It led to the large terrace on the second floor. I reached it and shot at the glass. The bullet hit the ground after shattering the window. The wind of that devilish night blew in my face. The squeak of glass under my shoes was followed by the crunch of snow and the clap of my jacket flaps around my hips. 
I was leaving footprints and blood. The latter dripped down from my fingertips. My arm was going numb. I opened and closed my palm to relieve the tingling. The storm continued to growl forcefully in my eardrums even as I made myself small against the wall to offer her as little surface area as possible. I continued past the corner of the building hoping to enter the corridor of another block or the window of a room. 
How smart you are, Max! And women, they really can't resist you!
My extraordinary sense of direction intruded to tell me that after about one hundred meters of cold ass and frozen balls he was almost sure that we had arrived, so much so that he urged me to break the first window I came across with an elbow. However, there was no need: the occupant of the room was standing on the windowsill, naked born and determined to jump. 
«Room service!» I said. The man squinted his eyes. He was high on Valkyrie. I repressed the disgust that had risen to my throat and was punching my stomach. The thugs who had destroyed my world had also done so under the influence of that drug. But I wasn't going to let the anger get its way. I wanted to keep it chilled for a special moment. 
«You don't look like the waitress, man.»
«And you don't look like you're my friend, man. Let's make do.
«Stay back or I'll jump!»
I looked down at my feet and calculated that from the height he was standing, the worst thing that could happen to him (if he let go) would be a slip in the fresh snow and a butt joke. 
«If you want to die, you have to come with me!» I said. After signalling him with the barrel of the Beretta to back off I jumped into his room.
«Thanks! And remember to close the window when you're done if not you know the administrator that pissed?»
I crossed the entire room and faced the hallway. I looked in both directions before deciding where to go. I turned back inside the room. Valkyrie's freaks were freaking out without warning and infesting the place like a colony of rats. He walked out of his life and the fate that awaited him, giving less of a damn.
My long-term goal was to climb the mountain of shit that had rained down on me that night.
My short-term one, on the other hand, was the tenant of room 313.
At least the hotel floor was the right one. 
As the smell of gunpowder and the iron taste of blood, mine, and everyone else's, faded, the acrid reality of the place hit me like a fist. 
The stench of rancid humanity permeated the peeling walls and the filthy carpeting that stuck to the soles of my shoes. The air was saturated with the soggy stench of cheap cologne, vomit, mold, and dirty underwear. I was standing around 357, which meant Rico's quarters were exactly on the opposite side of the floor.

Burn in hell, Jesus!



I had just won a trip to a wonderland of filthy bedrooms where life is consumed by the hour. As if in a marathon, every tenth room had a soda machine and a closet full of brooms, rags and various other junk, including a few large tanks. The sadness of the place was such that some guests didn't even bother to get a bite of privacy by closing the door behind them.
That hotel was a commune of junkies and whores. Every other room was decked out with sizzling neon signs where the bugs would go to rub their faces in them and get a tanning lamp; posters of naked women hung on the walls and curled up by what I hoped were water leaks from the old rusty plant; stumps of scented candles that lit up the romantic atmosphere between young European girls and lonely, grudge-ridden old geezers. In the centre of the rooms towered heart-shaped beds or vibrating beds that if you left them on for a while would take you all the way to the bathroom for a liberating piss. The carpet was moth-eaten and pockmarked with hundreds of cigarette burns. The main cause of fires in motels of that ilk were quickies and second timers with the odd call girl. To top it all off, every television set, with its antediluvian cathode ray tubes, was tuned to the weather forecasts that interspersed extraordinary news reports, mattress sales and Argentine telenovelas full of Carlos, Maria, Dolores, stolen pesos, mines and peons bent to the will of the Don on duty.
When I heard the jingle of the special news program that interrupted the normal course of broadcasting, I stopped and peeked through the open door of one of those luxury homes. Too bad, I was about to find out who had stolen the Santa Fe mine contract from the icy hands of the evil Antonio Morales. The doubt would haunt me for days.
«Tonight, the war on the dreaded drug Valkyrie sadly claimed another illustrious victim: DEA Special Agent Alex Balder, who was found murdered in the Roscoe Street station. A suspect was seen walking away shortly after the lethal shots were fired. Police have reason to believe it was Max Payne, an armed and extremely dangerous criminal. And now the weather forecast, with the terrible snowstorm continuing to rage over the city.»
Les jeaux sont faites.
Splendid, Bravura had put all his acumen to use and drawn the wrong conclusion. I didn't aspire to win the undercover cop of the year award, but that wasn't how I hoped to spend the weekend. The news had pegged me as a criminal because that's what the statement the department had issued to the crime reporters said. If Lupino and Puncinello were after me because they knew who I really was, Mama Police had disowned me out of an excessive sense of shame. No hard feelings, though: I had never been one of those girls who demand exclusivity. And who gets offended when she sees herself downgraded from «irrepressible sexual desire« to «cruel post-coital indifference.»
I was grateful to NYPD Mom even though she was disowning me. She had given me the skills and tools that I would employ to bring peace to the neighbourhood. A neighbourhood named Michelle that had within it a beautiful garden, Rose, where children could go to play happily and without fear of being unloved.
I walked away from the door, 321, knowing which direction to go.
I crouched behind a vending machine across from 317. My finish line was only a dozen yards away. With my ear resting against the aluminium carcass, the annoying hum of my growing migraine was lulled by the steady mumbling of the cooler inside the vending machine.
I reached for the change flap.
Rule number one of the fearless hero: never leave home without change. The day may be longer than you can imagine. Anyway, nothing, the other hotel guests had already moved on to the valuables forgotten by others before them. I considered getting up and kicking the vending machine until I managed to drop something edible, but I didn't think it was a smart move. I didn't want to get to Rico Muerte empty-handed, but I didn't want to get there too dead either.
Enough talk Mr. Payne.
I leaned over my shelter and scanned the landing in front of 313. There were neither saints nor villains, neither girls of many nor fathers of all. I emerged from hiding with only the Glock ready for offense. No, 313 stood there unguarded, closed off from the outside world and jealous of its secrets. I approached and put my ear to the doorframe but there was nothing I could do: either a sleeping beauty was resting there or the tenant had gone off to have a sweat in the Turkish bath. I didn't want to delude myself by dreaming of a firing squad all to myself waiting for me to stick my nose in.
«Maid on the floors! Did someone wet the bed?» I knocked with my Desert Eagle hand.
No response. Not even a welcoming wave.
Too bad because I had also moved to the side to make myself missed. I released one hand and tightened my fingers around the handle. I considered that, given the importance of his guest, the door might have been mined to discourage any unwelcome guests but almost immediately chased the thought away. I wasn't trying to be a tough guy, but the clues had led to that room, and if I didn't cross that border my journey would end up out front, bomb or no bomb.
A trickle of sweat ran down my forehead while my ear strained at the click of the lock trying to pick up other unusual noises, an omen of bad surprises. The mechanism rotated completely, the world did not shine brightly, and the door returned to the room drawing a shadow on the slippery carpet. I pushed it open with a rush. Just as no one had answered my knock, that move didn't arouse interest either. The bitter cocks I was selling didn't seem to interest anyone. I plunged in producing a somersault worthy of the Cirque du Soleil. I scanned the 313 with the help of two pistols, waiting for the flash of a shot or the light reflecting on the steel of a semi-automatic pointed at me.
I found the same scenario as many other rooms before: the smell of humanity, strips of cocaine on the coffee table in front of the TV, the evening news and an ashtray full of cigarette butts. I walked straight to the toilet and found it empty, as was the modest walk-in closet in the hallway to my right. Rico Muerte was not there, and I was still in one piece.
I then did what I had always considered one of my talents: rummaging through society's dumpsters for shit. I flushed the toilet, as someone had forgotten to do at the right time and returned to the living room. I sifted through the compartments of the dresser next to the bed and the one nightstand with an abat-jour on it yellowed by smoke and layers of dust. I found a red leather bible on which someone had amused themselves by carving with a nail clipper the words «BURN IN HELL, JESUS, BURN!» and a surviving prophylactic from the glorious year of 1982, the year in which the fashion for diseases transmitted by the exchange of bodily fluids was all the rage; a «do not disturb« sign to hang on the door and some tobacco shavings that were now floating to one side because of my breathing and the air conditioning. The latter, rather than a barely audible murmur incapable of disturbing the travelers' weary dreams, was a tired, hoarse wheeze. I turned the pillows over and lifted the mattress. I didn't find a single skeleton of a dead call girl, and there were no rotting waiters in the closet, much less the corpses of jealous husbands.
Lucky me, maybe it was 315 that contained all those surprises, or 319. Behind the TV and in the tray above the toilet I searched for weapons. Nada. On the tiny desk towered a crusty coffee cup busy holding down a single sheet of paper, marked with thick, slanted handwriting.
Alex and I still hadn't managed to link Angelo Puncinello, head of the eponymous family, to the Valkyrie drug. And not that we hadn't tried. We knew he was the big puppet master, but we couldn't prove it in front of a court of law. So, «Well done Max Payne and Alex Balder but you'll have better luck next time. Try again. Rich prizes and cotillons for all!»
All tracks had always led us to Jack Lupino.
Until that moment.

Nine lives


«After the big mess in Chicago you only have the Puncinellos to thank if you don't still rot in jail. The time has come to give back. One of our most trusted guys has a little problem with a gorilla that's been hounding him closely. You've got to make sure he doesn't blow a big deal.»

The letter bore the signature of Angelo himself. It was the first hint that the big boss was somehow involved. I had stopped collecting evidence a few hundred bullets ago. I had gone so far beyond the point of no return that I had crossed it without even realizing it. 
I crumpled up the letter and dropped it on the floor. I glanced at the window: the blizzard in progress could make the building across the street disappear. What it couldn't do, however, was muffle the sound of the police sirens, so loud that, for a moment, I thought they had stopped outside the room. They had started as a hissing sound carried by the wind and then, when the flashing lights had begun to reflect on the snowy mantle, in a few seconds they had grown by dozens of decibels. Maybe it wasn't Bravura's men. Probably the skirmish with the Finito brothers had alarmed some good neighbours who ignored the neighbourhood’s commandment of omerta and had never suspected the constant coming and going of prostitutes and good men with their hats pulled down to the tip of their noses from the hotel. Even if they hadn't been there for me, I was still the one walking around armed to the teeth and shooting at any living thing that showed up. It wasn't wise to sit around and fiddle.
What I had found in 313 wasn't getting me anywhere. The rudder was still pointed towards Puncinello but the ocean was full of sharks and I had the smell of fresh meat on me. In that investigation I had to put my feet in front of each other or sooner or later I would find myself dangling in the void. Without Rico Muerte, I could still court Lupino, but pushing further would require a longer run-up. 
I got out. 
I turned left because on the other side there was only a blind corridor and a fair amount of flying into the void if I continued determinedly toward the window. The soda machine partially covered my view of the twin hallway on the other side of the floor. With Rico missing, it was necessary for me to search the hotel, in case they moved him to keep him away from me.
I was basking in the idea of starting on the penthouse floor or in the basement when fate wanted to encourage me with a little help. Suddenly the hallway lit up but I couldn't locate the light source because of the vending machine. The roar followed more than an instant later, shattering the silence. A huge and violent explosion projected shrapnel in all directions. Many scratched the wall to my right, sticking into the plasterboard, others turned off neon and emergency lights. The heat barely reached me, thanks to my grumbling friend who was shielding me. I was amazed when my body sagged to protect against the blast because my brain hadn't had time to react. It was only when the floor section collapsed under my feet that I realized I was falling. And the vending machine was falling with me.
I spun in mid-air like a cat trying to roll away as soon as the floor landed on the floor below. The impact was hard, and the flesh came out tattered and bruised. My left shoulder popped out of joint but returned as my momentum slammed into the wall. I crumpled, cracking a few ribs. No thoughts, these were all things that tomorrow's Max Payne would think about, if he ever arrived. The echo of the explosion was added to the one of scrap metal and bubbles, as if someone had uncorked a large bottle of champagne. The refrigerator had been crushed under its own weight, destroying the load that was now pouring between rubble and concrete. 
Trying to understand the dynamics I remembered the cylinders I had seen in the closets. They couldn't have jumped by themselves; someone must have given them a push. I got back on my feet, dusting off my pants and counting the most annoying bruises. I picked up the guns and pointed them at the ripped vault above me. I waited for the bomber to look out to see if the prank had worked out just as he had imagined it would. I had to calm my accelerated breathing before it prevented me from taking good aim. When the roar of the explosion was reduced to a hum, I could determine that no one was approaching my position.
Unless they were already posted elsewhere, it was indeed an accident. However, since even my father never believed, contrary to what my mother had always sworn to him, that my conception was due to an accident, I was not inclined to go along with chance, or fate. However, if Lupino's men weren't standing silently behind some door at that moment, waiting for me to pose for a souvenir photo, the police or the Mafia would have arrived soon anyway. 
I started moving again to see if my legs were still able to hold me up. So, it seemed. I reached the beginning of the corridor, overcoming the rubble, and explored the adjoining corridor, first uncovering my guns and then myself: a deserted wasteland. Before diving into it like a tuna fish, I replaced the exhausted magazines with new ones. I oriented myself to the elevator shaft and no wolf in disguise stopped me to give me directions on how to get to my grandmother's house.
In front of the elevator control panel, I matured the decision to resume my search from the bottom, guided by a rather elementary observation: since odours tend to rise to the top, then I would have to go down to find the source of that stench of shit.

The beating heart of New York


The old service elevator resounded in the heart of Jack Lupino's hotel.
I had descended to the guts of that place like a mouthful of enchilada: ready to unleash fire and flame. Someone was going to regret chewing me out. When the doors opened, I found myself in the laundry room. The pungent smell of varichin made my eyes water. The steam from the machines clung to me making everything more slippery. I was sweating in places that no one had touched in a long time. I found myself amidst large carts of clean underwear and dirty sheets. Sacks of filthy towels hanging on hooks were being carried ten meters up to large tanks of boiling water. The large centrifuges in operation were pulling so hard that the vibration was transmitted to the entire building for at least three floors.
In the midst of the din, I picked up a voice and headed there before I was seen. Three men sitting at a table in the corner of the warehouse were playing poker. A couple of feet away was a broken-down couch and a fourteen-inch TV with bad reception, tuned to a looping news program. It was consistent that within that persistent noise were lost the celebrations that had been going on upstairs. I had decided on the soft line, which was to walk among them like a pilgrim who has lost his way. When there were about ten steps left to separate me from them, a transceiver between the chips croaked for a few seconds. There was no communication, but it took me an infinite amount of time to put things together. Something wasn't quite right, and no matter how hard I looked, I still couldn't pinpoint it.
In what seemed to me an absurd descent into hell I kept walking while examining and discarding possibilities. The solution came to me like a flash a little less than three meters from the gaming table. The man with his back to me turned around. The two companions, who should have spotted me first, continued to stare at their cards. They remained seated while a complete stranger, and a potential danger, approached without anyone having warned them. The instant my eyes met those of the man in front of me my bitch head had connected the wires and managed to get the engine started again. There was no way the radios had not transmitted anything from the whole mess with the Finitos and Lupino's other men. And even if I had been so good as to prevent him from using them, probably the lack of constant communication between the teams distributed in the hotel had put the players on alert.
The man had a large black magnum. My legs threatened to leave me on my knees. Stupidity can have such side effects, other than dying a poor asshole. I could have let go and given him a textbook coup de grace but as the strength in my lower limbs failed, I found my heels firmly planted on the ground.
An adrenaline rush went through me, electrocuting every bit of tiredness, discouragement or surrender that could numb the convictions of my resilience in this life.
The parable of the fall found in that opposition a pivot to change its course. So my beginner's mistake became a push back. I would have slipped a couple of meters at most and would not have had anything to recover from. This meant having to render the three men helpless before they could reduce me to a sieve. 
It was too late to shoot the first man. For the second time, the glow in the magnum chamber lingered in my eyes for an infinite time. I watched it be born, grow but not die. It opened with the elegance with which a flower opens. I knew that inevitably that spark would be followed by a run in the rifled barrel but for what seemed to me several minutes I saw nothing but a black and empty eye. Even my fall was a gentle abandonment on a bed of clouds. At that speed I wouldn't have been hurt even if I had landed on a sharp samurai sword. On the other hand, both my thoughts and actions seemed to be unaffected by that spell. 
I raised my pistols and aimed, with good accuracy, at two different and distant targets: the two men still seated who were only then slowly grabbing their weapons. When I had finished setting the fatal trajectories, the bullet of my guest finally peeped out of the end of the revolver. I could almost make out its trace in the air, mixed with the smoke from the combustion. It would have reached my chest and split my heart in two.
I probably wouldn't have felt any pain. At the rate events were unfolding, I would have had my wife and daughter in my arms by the time my brain relayed the agony I should have felt. I would have been happy to walk out of the scene smiling but the momentum I had imprinted on my legs and projecting back would have made me miss that one-way ticket. The bullet would only graze me, caressing the air above my nose.
You lucky bastard, Max Payne!
It all came crashing down again, and me with it. My back hit the ground hard, forcing me to hold my breath until better times. My leather jacket was perfect for slipping on the smooth, waxed floor of the laundry room. The shot passed inches from my face with an angry roar. 
I saw three sets of squinting eyes: those of the man in front of me, who already tasted the sweet flavor of victory, and who didn't understand how I had moved so fast; those of the other two who felt like they were dying before they had drawn their weapons and could defend themselves. Although in that case, rather than talking about defence, it would have been better to say "fuck the asshole stupid enough to climb over the lions' fence". 
He hit them in the chest. A nice little job. One smashed into the table, tipping it over in a shower of chips, cards and whiskey shots; the other went down hard, smearing his face on the floor. His eyes popped out of their sockets, accentuating his surprise. 
The first one, recovering from his sense of wonder, exploded a few angry and yet inaccurate blows in my direction.
«You piece of shit!» he muttered, spitting out gallons of viscous drool from that sewer of a mouth. Of course, I wasn't there to be a target, neither for his lead nor for his spatter, so I made a snowman out of him, sewing a row of five golden buttons from navel to sternum, alternating one Beretta and one Desert Eagle. The bullets lodged with satisfaction in that protruding belly. The man collapsed, turning one last disapproving glance at me.
«Fuck me!» I drawled.

Raise your glasses


In that orgiastic mess of playing cards, booze, shards of glass, blood-stained bills, and dead mobsters, I picked up the magazines that fit and filled my pockets, like a child does with Halloween treats just before going home.
In the background, the breaking news from the weather service continued, in a race to the last word with the end-of-the-world blizzard.

«The blizzard emergency continues to hit our region. Many of the main road junctions are interrupted and the population is advised not to leave their homes. Even though it has already been three days that the blizzard is raging, and it does not seem that the situation will improve.»

It had been snowing since the beginning of the Valkyrie case and, according to the forecast, the sun would be longing for more. But the snowy city had some advantages: fewer bystanders who could get caught in a gunfight. 
I had to keep moving while there was still someone who could hear the gunfire and had legs to come after me. I glimpsed half a dozen steps on the opposite side of the laundry room, a crude, shoddy metal railing and a thin laminate door. It was the only other way out. I left behind newsreels and yellowed sheets. I opened the door without a sound. The lights were low, and a twilight hue penetrated the open doorway. I threw myself in with the glock, but the only living thing in the room could no longer hold that title. A man lay tied to a chair.
The murder weapon was a baseball bat that was lying in a pool of blood next to an open newspaper on the page of the Captain-Bat-Baseball comic strip.
There was nothing more I could do for him. Not even have the family identify him. He no longer had a face. Whoever the executioner had been had no doubt enjoyed it. Beyond the boiler room were the once efficient and shiny hotel kitchens. I tried to imagine how they should have been in the initial plans; with what pomp and prestige they should have been conducted. They were reduced to a pale shadow of their former selves, desolate and encrusted. I went through them quickly, letting myself be led by the logic of what should have been the morphology of a professional kitchen. It was large, vast and full of rooms where you could easily get lost among the steels and cold rooms. I was persuaded to peek inside some freezers to count the colleagues kept under ice. They and a few small fish disappeared from circulation. But I had to postpone hiding with the dead, I knew that. I walked out of the kitchens and towards the dumbwaiters in the restaurant area.
A familiar sound, which my ears welcomed even if it was bad news, came from just outside the kitchens. It was muffled but I was able to trace its origin behind two large doors to my left. A brass plaque on a brown wooden pedestal indicated to me, with the help of an engraved arrow, that I was in the right direction for the restaurant. Right there from where the hubbub was propagating. It was impossible for me to determine the number of guests at the banquet even though by then it made no difference. It was always just one bullet that took you away. No use worrying about all the others: they were just background noise.
However, since I was a bit under the weather, I decided to approach that round with a bit of strategy. I unhooked the green velvet rope suspended between the pedestal on which the restaurant's menu rested, now dusty and greasy, and the wall between the two entrances to the restaurant so as to secure it around the door handle. I stood in front of it and fired the Desert Eagle as fast as I could in five seconds flat, like a sprinter. I held my aim at leg height with a downward tilt. I was pretty sure there wasn't a colony of Calcutta orphans on the other side, but I wasn't so sure there weren't innocents.
In any case they could have withstood a good scare without being on my conscience. When I finished shooting, I moved beyond the second entrance keeping my head down. After a string of saints, a shrill chorus of chairs and a rumble of stomping footsteps, magazines unloaded and reinserted, a blizzard hit the doors I had slaughtered. Puffs of smoke and wood chips saturated the air. The wallpaper on the opposite wall crumbled, and cellulose snow was added to the hail of bullets. From the power unleashed by that disturbance I expected at least half a dozen armed men inside, now intent on churning out a shadow for good measure. I opened the second entrance wide, letting in only the upper torso with my head attached. Someone had just begun to suspect it was a sleight of hand to get them to look away, and a couple of them met my gaze. They were not as clever to dodge my bullets. They fell before the others could pay attention to the wide-open door to their left and the man who appeared on the threshold. Like Ulysses just before his rematch. Max Payne, in the presence of that test of warrior skill, managed many times to pass through several men with the same bullet. All lined up, like dancers at the Paris opera. At the barre, un, deux, trois: BANG!
Before they knew it, half of them had gone to their maker almost painlessly. I had tried to be merciful and had gone for the head shot. When my time came to reload there were only two left in full working order. Two and a half: the third was alive but not too belligerent. I grabbed a magnum from the hands of one of the first guys who tried to come after me and started again with the same rhythm and intensity I had begun with. The calibre of the new gun opened a chasm in the chests of the two and violently pushed them back.  
«What did you guys leave for me?» I said as I approached the only table not set. There were reams of papers, late-model cell phones and fountain pens. For a moment I feared I had paired the board of directors of some multinational corporation. They had also indulged in some brand-name liquor, to wear the right outfit all the way. An overflowing trolley of fine whiskies had survived the shooting, heedless of everything. It seemed to be just waiting for someone to down it. That apparition had increased my salivation and a nagging itch in the back of my throat tried to make its way in. Something distracted me at just the right moment. On opposite sides of the table faced two briefcases. Identical up to the chrome of the clasps, it was the contents that made them different: in the one closest to me there were ten bundles of five-hundred-dollar bills. I did a quick calculation and smiled, thinking of the face the volunteers at the San Cristoforo hospice would make when they opened the door of the convent and saw Santa Claus in the form of three million dollars. I closed the suitcase and slid it under one of the curtains at the back of the restaurant. I moved to the second one and to the joy of doing good was added the irrepressible euphoria. I didn't even wet my pants.
Calm down, Max, it seems like the first time you're faced with a beautiful woman with all the right things in place who's just asking to be possessed as she deserves.
Do you still remember how to do this, Agent Payne? Don't be shy.
Three large crystal cylinders lay in as many dark foam molds, keeping them warm and safe. The green liquid inside them glowed with a radioactive tinge. It was thick and placid. Valkyrie. My Holy Grail, source of perdition and rebirth.
That's what I had interrupted: a drug deal. A batch so big it would infect the bay for weeks. That Valkyrie was 99% pure; it had yet to be cut. A few drops in that concentration would have poured as many demons into anyone who took it as hell itself. The junkies who had broken into my house and destroyed my family and my life were facing the anteroom of delirium. 
The devils that had led them to my door had nothing supernatural about them.
The grotesque originates in human nature. And what is human can bleed.
I closed my briefcase and left the restaurant. I hid it in a fireproof box, behind the coils of the fire extinguisher lance.
I would calmly return for it, along with the money.
A few aisles later I reached an elevator. The fact that it was stationary on that very floor seemed a good sign to get on it and take a ride. I pressed the call button and the doors opened with a listless whine. I avoided attacking the man who appeared in front of me: he was already in too bad a state and I didn't feel like hurting him. He probably wouldn't have seen the end of that night. And maybe I would have kept him company. So I turned my back on the mirror and concentrated on the control panel. One floor was as good as another, as far as I knew, but then the indication of the facilities attached to the floors helped me decide. After a sumptuous banquet, etiquette dictates the immoderate consumption of exotic cocktails and strictly French sparkling waters.

Whores and old laces


I climbed up to the twenty-first floor, to the lounge bar. 
As I lost myself in the whirling noise of the steel cables rubbing against the pulleys, I imagined the void growing beneath my feet. The music in the background, a John Coltrane piece from years ago, did not have the calming effect on my nerves that the builder had intended. The uncertain croaking and the fading of the melody due to a worn-out system somehow invited me to replace the Beretta with the Magnum. So, the Desert Eagle went to my left hand. After the elevator settled on the floor, the doors creaked open. The corridor that greeted me forked after about thirty meters. On one side were the panoramic terraces, on the other the red neon sign pointing to the bar. I followed the advice and found myself at the foot of a small staircase of wood and velvet. At the top I peered through the half-open door. Several men were intent on consuming alcohol and intimate relations with women, who were there solely for professional reasons. Behind a greasy wooden bar, I recognized Rico Muerte, the man from room 313. As portly and pompous as I had seen him in police mug shots. He was with a woman, who was listening adoringly to him tell an anecdote that was neither funny nor epic:
«Two ruthless killers, ready to kill each other. They walk into a room and, I think, prepare for a confrontation. But no! They sit down in front of the TV and settle their disagreement with a Kung Fu video game! You want to know, Candy...I was so disappointed I strangled them both with the joypad cable.»
«Oh Rico! You are one tough guy!»
«I know, I know.»
And then Rico grabs her head and pulls it close to his attributes.
«Rico Muerte, the usual bitch!» I said, walking in.
«And what do you want?»
«It's the cop!» shouted Dirty Candy.
Muerte reached for his gun. 
All the men present, including me, began firing as the whores decided whether to run for cover or in the middle of the crossfire because they were stunned by the sudden turn of events. Makeup smudged from tears of fear lined their cheeks, pale with fright. Liquor bottles and mugs were falling apart.
The Magnum and Desert Eagle combined allowed me to aim less carefully: they destroyed whatever they encountered, leaving craters a palm's diameter. However, the heaviness and power limited frequency and speed. While in the open field and outnumbered, in a cramped environment like that, there was no smiling. I shot at the back of an overstuffed sofa and killed the man who was sheltering there. The bullet from the magnum had met the leather, springs, foam, and wood upholstery but had still taken a lung from him. I had to be thrifty because reloading was going to take me a ton of time. On the left side of the bar the Desert Eagle was opening gashes in the furniture and walls. A bullet passed within an inch of my femoral artery, and another nearly tore my hand off. In the blink of an eye, Charlie Mahoney, known as «Iguana«, abandoned his body on a stool and began to chase his soul in the endless green pastures of the Lord. While I was killing Mathias Van Der Mark, the Dutchman, by branding his heart with a bullet, something bigger and heavier than a bullet struck me on my right temple. I turned around as much as I could and saw Candy, carrier of various infectious diseases, grabbing the neck of another champagne bottle to hurl it at me. While I was distracted by Candy, I caught a movement out of the corner of my eye. It was just beyond the line of my shoulder. I twisted my torso halfway and as fast as I could I aimed the revolver. A man, whom I thought I had seen in the audience watching the fellatio show of the talented Rico Muerte, had come between me and the door. Somehow, he had managed to get around me. Unfortunately for him, however, not to take me by surprise: I sent him back where he came from. The man ended up beyond the doorway, dying on the steps with an expression of wonder painted on his face.
That's the effect I have, friends or not.
I turned back to the counter hearing the whistle of the air intruding on the neck of the bottle swirling towards me. Candy was a good shot, there was no denying it. But maybe hers was just a grip trained to the tapered and rigid things. I dodged the throw, momentarily holstered the Desert Eagle between my buckle and my pants and grabbed the champagne on the fly, spun around and sent it back to sender. Candy tried to intercept the bottle by spreading her arms in front of her generous chest but was hit in the sternum, which complained woodily. The woman disappeared behind the counter, close to fainting. An abrupt silence fell with Candy. I questioned him by searching the bar with my eyes. The whores had got away with twisted ankles and laddered stockings. The men had lined up to see St. Peter's and its golden gates.
I scoured the bar for Rico. A man like him couldn't have sent his call girl ahead. And he was so fat, he couldn't hide so easily.
«Rico boy, where are you?» I shouted. «Mama gave me a basket full of buns for you. She says you're very sick. Show yourself, come on! I went through a horrible wood to come and see you. And there was a terrible wolf who wouldn't stop with the questions!»
A door behind the counter led to a second room, the liquor store, it might have been, or the warehouse for unloading goods. Either way it was ajar. The son of a bitch had really bailed. I went after him, making sure no one else wanted to follow.
«Want me to bring you some chocolates when I get back? Anyone? Final offer. A box of Band-Aids?»
I climbed onto the counter and squared off Candy, who lay dazed on the floor amidst cocktail umbrellas and pickled olives. As my shadow dimmed the dazzling light that would bring her nausea and gag reflexes the next day, I asked:
«How are you feeling, sugar?»
«Go fuck yourself, shit!» she slurred.
«If I say you sent me, will your co-workers give me a discount?»
The harlot growled but that articulate opinion of hers was interrupted by some sort of regurgitation that forced her to bring her hand to her mouth. I didn't want to delve into what was coming back to her, so I pushed open the back door and left her alone.

Rico Muerte



I was greeted by a few warming strokes, like when you prepare a woman to open her flower for you. I quickly leaned over to see who it was and, more importantly, figure out how to render him harmless. It was Rico and he was alone. About twenty meters from me. Distance that was increasing, but without the thoughtfulness I would have expected.
«Hey Rico! Candy's got it! She says you do this every time. When she finishes polishing your shaft, you never want to kiss her on the mouth. Rico, has no one ever taught you how to act around a lady?»
I'll never be able to explain how Rico demanded to beat her with his pants still pulled down to his ankles, waiting for a solace that wasn't coming anytime soon.
«I'm flattered, Señor Muerte, that you welcome me like this, but I've been battling some pesky canker sores for a few days now and...» 
Angrily, he shot me off. He was wearing a giant white shirt that covered hideous light blue boxers, a black armpit holster and, wonder of wonders, two male sock garters. Like my grandfather during Prohibition.
The bullets lodged in two cases of whiskey in front of me. The amber liquid began to gush out along with bottle shards. He shot at me again, intensifying the attack. If he couldn't escape, then he would have squashed the cockroach first. I slid sideways between a row of pallets. Rico arrived at the loading and unloading area and found himself in an open field. He was not stupid and had embraced the only possible strategy: attack. Of course, I didn't remind him that he could always pull up his pants and fight: I was playing on the underdog team, the one that had no chance of winning the championship. Flattened against a rack of glasses, I filled the scope of the Desert Eagle to Rico Muerte's size and fired. The bullets ripped through his body doing a ridiculous dance of death. He staggered but did not fall. I had caught him in the side and under his left collarbone. He responded with a series so well placed that it forced me to take cover again.
«I'm going to kill you, Payne! And then I'll do to your skull what Candy left in the middle!» he reiterated the concept laughing and shooting. 
With that penguin walk he was forced into he made the buckle clink on the floor. I peeped the Desert Eagle and went in blind. I fired once but the clinking stopped for only a moment. It wasn't over. I rolled out into the open. I had let the Magnum sleep because I only had two rounds left, but there was no better time than now to use it. I also used the move to check where Rico had arrived and in what condition he was in. He intercepted my silhouette the moment I stepped out into the open. A bullet hit the floor between my knees as the Magnum spit lead. In a moment, Rico Muerte's left knee was gone; in its place was a shapeless mass of dangling shreds of flesh. His body mass took care of the rest. Rico tried hard to stay on his feet but there were no more foundations. He still tried to kill me as I fell, but the arm and barrel of the gun were not aligned with my head and the bullet shot away. A clay-footed giant collapsed to the ground with a chilling cry. His wounded leg was folded back in an unnatural position. He raised his arm and fired again.
Misfire.
«No Rico, no more games. Tell me where to find Gognitti and Lupino and I'll get Candy back.»
«Go ahead, cop.»
«Oh, is that so? You a little depressed? I shot you in the knee, your dick should still work.»
«If you let me live, I'm a dead man at this point anyway. I had a deal with Lupino. I was his ace in the hole.»
«Ace?! Maybe you misunderstood: Jack was probably talking about the ACE...of his crapper.»
«How funny you are, Payne! Laugh while you can!»
«It's been three years since I quit.»
«You'll get nothing from me. Kill me or get out. And hope, if you leave me here still alive, you never cross my path again.»
«Did I get it right this time, or did you not want to tread on it? Anyway, Rico, I think I'll take both your advice. That nasty wound in your side doesn't look good. See that dark liquid like that coming out of your belly? It's not the oil pan that's broken, it's the liver that's going to shit. At least him, for the last time. Enjoy life, Rico, the one you have left.»

Word to the arms


Turn around, slip away, change cities. That would have been the right thing to do. But I wasn't that smart. Lupino's working-class neighborhood was the epitome of squalor.
A liquor store, a pawn shop, a lousy laundromat and so on. The how and why remained a mystery, but they knew I was a cop. They knew I was coming, and they couldn't wait to pump me full of lead. 
Lupino's lair shone like a star. The bomb blast turned the snow into molten gold as a column of smoke lifted the remains of a car skyward. The flames reflected off the body of a Mercedes that was moving slowly. As if the driver had nothing to fear in this world. I was able to recognize the gunman inside the car. It was Vladimir, the ringleader of the Russian underworld. The fly in Don Puncinello's soup.
The echo in my ears was that of a gang war that had just broken out.
As if the spectators had seen enough, the car changed pace, making the tires slip on the snow. The sudden acceleration took the rudder off course and the Mercedes swerved sideways. By counter-steering the driver managed to keep his direction and gave the gas.
It was not an escape to get away from trouble, but a show of strength, overbearing and arrogant. As if to say «I can afford to come into your house and make it rain if I feel like it«. Continuing to drift, the car turned the corner and occupied the opposite lane, where a large tanker truck was coming. Seeing his space being invaded, the driver of the articulated truck slammed on the brake, but the speed and road conditions were so extreme that he probably could have tried not to stop and save his own ass. Realizing that the locked wheels were skating on the ice he added to an unfortunate decision a bullshit maneuver, like avoiding the Mercedes by veering violently in the opposite direction. The fat ass of the tanker, tossed first this way and then that, crashed to the ground while the car with the license plate "VODKA" passed through that disaster amiably crashing. A thick, viscous liquid poured onto the pavement from a crack in the tanker's silo. It must have been a highly flammable substance because one spark was enough for the vehicle to be enveloped in a tall, white ball of fire. The shockwave knocked me to the ground and the heat decimated my nose hair count. The carcass of the tank had also become the barrier wall of Lupino's neighborhood. And I was the usual rat in a trap.
Another bomb exploded in the hovel next door. The detonation, given the scum that inhabited it, left me indifferent. But there could have been more bombs and the cops would have been quick to show up.
Jack Lupino's suite was on the top floor. Or at least that's where he was before that explosion.
First, I had to look for the spot on the map that indicated where I was, with a nice red dot to mark the location.
I looked at the labyrinth of buildings and lowered shutters trying to understand how they coexisted. Could Lupino have found in the architecture of that complex a way to escape that wouldn't throw him into the arms of the police, the feds or the hit men sent by his countless friends?
Willing to believe it, I started to move again. The windows of the stores were down and not a soul put his nose out to make sure that after the roar that had taken place the world still existed. It was such a quiet neighbourhood that I was surprised that it had rents that bordered on the poverty line.
As I turned the corner a newspaper column caught my eye.
My face was on the front page of three of the four newspapers. In the fourth, however, was my name in big letters. 
Jack wanted to keep abreast of everything that was going on in town, and the newspaper messenger probably received a hefty tip for express service. Not surprisingly, his tip was more generous than my salary. But I didn't want ink-blackened hands, because I'd rather get them dirty by beating the crap out of paedophiles and drug dealers at school exits.
The headlines were not encouraging. All the newspapers were talking about the heinous murder. Echoes of the storm blurred with police sirens.

DEAD OR ALIVE

MAX PAYNE KILLER!

MURDER!

An unenviable situation: hunted by those who wanted you dead and wanted for a friend you didn't kill.
Flattered, I broke away from the reading, regretting that I didn't have a nickel to pick up a copy. I would have been curious to see what the day's horoscope said.
Planets in conjunction ensure great mood, watch out for stray bullets. Likely surprise parties from friends. Start the day with a good dose of lead.
I looked for a route between the buildings in the alley and found it in a basement, the entrance to which was dimly lit by an old light bulb. I wasn't happy about squeezing into another cavernous and potentially haunted crawlspace of angry men, undisclosed serial killers, and crazed drug addicts, but I hadn't found an alternate route and couldn't take refuge in Starbucks while waiting for a brightening.
I pushed open the laminated door to the basement and a greenish light welcomed me in. Inside, no one. I had no idea where I was: a series of what I identified as large cages occupied the long walls of the room. It was the same in the next rooms as well. Large structures made of stout wooden posts and steel mesh might have been cages for large chickens, but what the hell were they doing in a Bronx basement?
Had Lupino gone into the ostrich-fighting racket?
Anything is possible when you need to keep your customers' attention, but I didn't see any feathers or large frying pans. The place didn't look like a Valkyrie refinery and the air was free of the pungent smell of chemicals.
A roar whistled straight into my ear. The next room had blown up. A concrete wall had saved my ass but now it had a bulge in the middle and the plaster was falling to the floor in pieces the size of my head.
The Russians must have mined all the buildings in Lupino's neighborhood, not just the motel, just to be sure. The place could have blown up at any moment.
Another explosion vented a few floors above. The walls and ceiling vibrated for a long series of seconds. I didn't wait for the vault to stop shaking like a pudding: I took a circuitous route that I hoped wouldn't lead me straight to the next devices. The smoke was so thick it felt like inhaling fabric. If I hadn't quickly found fresh air and water, I would have been left there as a living room rug.
I found a viable route up the stairs and climbed to the ground floor. I cleared my lungs with an oily cough and my eyes, reddened, glazed with cleansing tears. At that moment the ringing of the telephone was a totally unexpected phenomenon. I found the device and looked at it as one would look at an honest man in government.
It could have been a stoner looking for a fix, but it turned out to be someone far more mysterious.
I picked up the handset, which was rattling with the eagerness to finally be picked up.
«Am I speaking to Mr. Payne?»
The voice was a man's. I didn't recognize the owner.
«Who wants to know?»
«My name is Alfred Woden. You need to move: the police are on their way.»
«Tell me something I don't know.»
«They know you're there.»
«Do they? How do you know that?»
«I'll contact her again.» he hung up.
The cops arrived with their deafening chorus of sirens blaring. I only had a few minutes before the SWAT team raided the building. A few minutes to disappear from sight.
«Max Payne! This is Assistant DA Jim Bravura of the NYPD. Lay down your weapons and come out with your hands up.»
Providence Man. The ADA's voice came through the amplification of the megaphone. Almost at the same time the helicopters arrived, at least two of them. They knew I was nearby but not which building. Other than that, Woden. 
Who was he and what side was he on?
And most importantly, how had he found me?
I certainly wasn't going to get my answers by staying in a building pregnant with explosives with a SWAT team about to tighten up around me.


Wonder Boy



There was a new explosion. Light, not fire. It was a stun grenade, one of those used by the special corps and it was also the last warning to start moving again.
Hearing the rattle of a second one, I moved in the opposite direction. The corridor curved and then branched off into a series of rooms set one inside the other, like a series of Chinese boxes. Outside, Bravura's voice kept urging me to get out, stop playing, and go home to mom who was so worried. While she reassured me that there would be no consequences other than going to bed without dinner, she had released the dogs.
I kept running when I noticed the roll of amphibians and the crackle of two-way radios. They were attached to my ass. I didn't turn around for confirmation.
I found my path blocked: a door closed by a big padlock. End of the line.
If it had been one of the dozens of doors around there, moth-eaten and withered, I would have gone through without batting an eyelid. But what interrupted my momentum was the fact that it was not in tune with its surroundings: as lush as a twenty-year-old's erection, cocky on its new hinges, hooked on its lock forged in the fire of the Gods. Motionless to stare at an armoured door instead of looking for an escape route, I found inspiration to check where SWAT was. Still no one. I had thrown myself into the heart of the building without bothering to look for monsters hiding under beds and witches lurking in corners. They had reasons to be more cautious and slower. But soon they would be here. They were always coming.
Covering my face, I shot the lock and it let go of its grip. I went inside and closed the door behind me even though the shot would have drawn them to my position.
I had ended up in a small study made out of what must have been a broom closet. The entire space was occupied by a desk and an uncomfortable wooden chair. More like a prison cell than an office.
What use it was with a whole building at my disposal, I couldn't explain right away and out of the blue, I soon forgot. On top of a pile of papers, shots of vodka leaving liquor circles on the wood, traces of snow-white powder on the edges of the table next to rusty razor blades and a set of armoured bullets perfect for a magnum, stood the nervous handwriting of Vinnie Gognitti.
As he read, it all began to make sense: the bombs and the appearance of the Russian ringleader himself. 
Gognitti didn't back down: lots of words, no action.

"After our attack, the Russians have only a couple of men left, who can also be bought. They won't have the guts to try any tricks."

And yet the Russians, of guts, had plenty to spare. One thing was certain: if you pull it, sooner or later the rope will break. 
On the shelf in front of me, my eye fell on a set of keys with a tag that read «stairs« and nothing else. It wasn't very specific information but there was a case to be made that I would find a way to put them to use. I slipped them into my pocket as Bravura's megaphone resumed its litany:
«Surrender or we'll be forced to come get you!»
Meanwhile, I could hear the special teams breathing outside the door. It was like a lover's whisper in the ear of the desired woman. I had to give myself over, content to do so. Almost honoured that they had chosen me.
«You guys are going to have to sweat this pussy.»
I climbed up onto the desk and reached for the skylight handle. I forced it open. The crack of the window blew a cold wind in my face. The skylight was about eight inches wide and just as long, and I had forgotten the Vaseline in my other pants. It would have been a spectacle if the SWAT team had walked in while half my body was trying to cling to the grate that ran parallel to one of the outside fire escapes, and the other was pawing ass to air to keep from hanging like an asshole halfway down. Getting the shoulders through, especially the one with a bullet hole the size of a child's head, was the hardest thing. I bruised my knees and saw stars when my shins fought with the edge of the window. I was pissed when for a split second a hand lost its grip on the railing. Some deity had probably decided that I was going to shit all over the outrages of mankind. But I wasn't about to leave things half done before I went and kicked some legendary Walhalla god's ass. 

The moment the officers kicked down the door I let myself fall to the other side. Five feet below, my fingers tightened around the railing of the fire escape, like an experienced comic book wonder boy, tights and rumours of alleged homosexuality aside. My legs struggled in the void until I found the strength to pull myself up. I resisted the temptation to nod at the officer who stuck his nose out of the skylight to verify where I was. I took a deep breath and made my way upstairs. Even there, the bombs had levelled everything. It was like being inside a bombed-out building in the former Yugoslavia. The walls were stripped, the doors were torn off and the china in the toilets had crumbled. Due to water seeping out of the burst pipes, the floor under the carpeting had begun to cover itself with humps. Frequent short circuits had gotten the better of the fuses and a cloak of darkness lay placidly over the entire fourth floor. The interior stairs were still there but the floor had collapsed, plummeting to the ground. The chasm was more than four meters wide. Before I jumped, I told myself it was less.
«Shit!» a wall of debris crashed down in front of me when I could already see myself climbing to the fifth with the grace of a dancers.

Fear gives you wings



The bombs had blown up the stairs leading to Lupino's office. The only alternative route was through the roof. As luck would have it, I had forgotten the keys to the batwing that very night. Cancellation.
In order to go upstairs, I would have had to come down. Again.
 I heard the sound of the SWAT team filling the hallway on the floor below me.
The hunt continued and I had just toyed with the idea of retracing my steps to find another way up. Maybe I still had time to recoil to the fire escape. The police would have done the same, though. I had no idea if we had already moved to the «shoot to kill« phase in our relationship and I didn't want to find out on the first date. I already had a schedule full of guys who were working their butts off to get my scalp and I didn't want to lead anyone on. I had about thirty seconds left before I found out what orders Bravura had given, and I used them to find a new way. I took the corridor that led to the rooms that faced the central staircase. The lack of doors and other physical obstacles sped up the choice of opportunities as they arose. On the rubble, the pace was rough. In addition to chunks of collapsed ceiling, torn bathroom fixtures, and projected hallways, I passed master bedrooms, a shared bathroom, and two broom closets. 
My mind was racing faster than my legs and arrogant survival instincts had occupied the captain's dashboard. It was because of that that I welcomed the next insight as a simple fact. Throw yourself out of a window on the fourth floor of a building to land on a snowbank fifty feet below?
These are things I do between breakfast and Sunday brunch, kids.
I launched myself toward the tight opening at the end of the last corridor. The glass gave way without resistance. The fragile support of the crystal was followed by the punch of air in the pit of my stomach. The vertigo was a pleasant tickle. I fell, watching the dark sky quickly recede. 
I waited for the impact, curious.
Was there enough snow not to die?
What was buried down there? 
Would the fall kill me or would the heart?
I violently entered the embrace an icy uterine pocket. As the snow welcomed my body violating it with arrogance, I waited for something sharp to pierce me from side to side as I deserved for that idiotic idea I had had. My body would only re-emerge in the spring, slowly, as lovers are discovered in old movies. The sky had shrunk to a vaguely human-shaped crack, and the gray it had clothed itself in that night stood out from the dark walls of my crib.
«Batter safe! Max Payne conquers another base, an impressive average! If he keeps this up, the road to the title will be tough for everyone!»
I turned around and began to dig in. I stopped feeling my fingers after a dozen or so lunges into the snow, and the pins piercing the flesh under my fingernails disappeared. At least I could pick up the pace without worrying about the pain. The warmth of my breath was the only source of heat that helped keep my thoughts warm and despair far away. When I pierced that sphere of ice, the warm air of the bubble changed places with the icy air of the night once again. It was only after that event that I realized I was feverish.
The tunnel began to collapse on me as soon as I picked up my legs to check how far away the pavement was. I leaned over the hole and looked up. None of the guys on the special team had been as bold as me. Young people today prefer stairs, and they had slid down them like a picture of someone's naked mom. More snow slid down my back. 
I was now soaked, pissed off and tired and dawn was still too far away.
I jumped down followed by a small white landslide. Badly counted, I might have had a four-minute lead on the SWAT team inside the building. Incalculable, however, that on the rest of the agents around there. I set off, trying to figure out where I was. About twenty yards to the north, the bright sign of a laundromat attracted me like a moth. A mirage and a haven for all the fugitive drug addicts with an unresolved guilt complex wandering around the city. The years of dirt, rain, smog, and dead insects had settled like a veil over the sign: CLOWN LAUNDRY
Well, what could have killed my laughter at that point? 

Dirty Clothes


I arm-wrestled the wind pushing on the door, annoyed that I wasn't going to stay there and play with him. The wall of stench upon which I crashed set off a series of flippant alarms and peals. The place was a depressing cauldron of human dross, undigested mush, old sweat, vomit, and disillusionment.
I knew the stuff. 
Bearers of that blessed stench, a shapeless mass of derelicts, mostly welcomed by the benevolent floor and charitable walls. Most of them looked at me as one looks at Lucifer come to reap souls. Horrified and amazed at the same absurd moment. Some even stopped complaining. 
«Good, my children! Bread and fish are waiting for you at the McDonald's on the corner, Wednesdays for a dollar. For wine I'm working on it, but I'm not working miracles. On Thursdays there's the deal on McFlurry, if you can go in the meantime.»
Drugged, plagued and addicted to that poison called Valkyrie. And I found myself at the center of that circle of hell, looking for a path to climb back up with lead and vitriolic jokes.
«It's as if space is encompassing me!» between the amazement at my appearance and the miasma of those who couldn't hold anything in their stomachs, a delirious and rambling cry fomented that unreal state of suspension of logic in which those beings lived, causing cries of vivid terror and acts of voluntary self-harm.
«It's the end of the world as we know it!» he recoiled for a second. This was not a retort to a dialogue but the punch line of a solitary monologue. 
«You wouldn't say it in that tone if you knew where I was from, man,« I replied.
Behind the laundry counter was a steel door with a square slit at eye level, like any other gambling den. I walked through that tangle of bodies holding the butt of the gun ready to drop on the first nape that hinted at sinking its teeth into my ankles. From time to time, Valkyrie's junkies tended to get a taste of human flesh. I guess it's a kind of regression to the oral phase more than true cannibalism. I smiled thinking that everything would look less gruesome if the phase in question was anal. 
I saw the outline of a second door on my right flicker with light. If it had been live flames, I would have found someone who had at least begun an evolutionary stage involving the lighting of fire, and therefore a higher degree of civilization than the primordial slime that surrounded me. That or a fire start. I unhinged the door with a kick and found myself slamming the erection of my pistol against the grunt of a man devoid of almost all teeth and hair who, out of surprise, left his sphincters giving birth to the sound of a rush of water into a gutter.
«Don't shoot, I...»
Another round, another junkie. Behind him, a second guy was warming his hands in front of a barrel where supermarket cartons and fabric soaked in agricultural naphtha were burning.
«The laundry room, what's beyond the office?» I asked without dabbling in pleasantries.
«The clothes, man?»
«Try to make yourself useful in the next five minutes.» I bluffed, pulling back the gun's hammer.
«What? No, no. Of course, I know what's up!»
«Well, I'd like you to be my date to the dance this evening.»
«Anything you want, I'll even take it in your mouth if you don't shoot me!»
«I will if you don't shut your mouth!»
«Okay, okay!»
I grabbed the human garbage by the lapels of what had once been a nice jacket and, memorizing which fingers I'd have to wash later, yanked him to the louvered door. On a couple of occasions, I stumbled over the feet and backs of fellow snackers who were slumped on the floor.
«Now work your magic, bunny.» I said.
He knocked. «It's me, open up!» the first syllable of the first word he stammered out with his jaw snapping from side to side under his sweaty lip and his sparse, crooked teeth. «Let me in, quick!» the ending came out more convincingly, but not with the authority he thought. A soggy dog bellowing over a bone stump would have had more appeal.
«Take it easy!» retorted the voice behind the door. «Password?»
«Come on!»
«John who?»
«John Who.»
To my amazement, that idiotic exchange served to allow access to the treasures of the cavern of wonders. The latches unlocked and the lock turned free. A third-grade nursery rhyme was perhaps necessary for the average target customer. What I hadn't anticipated, however, was my man jumping in and throwing the door wide open.
«It's a trap!»
I had been misled by the continuous series of tics and muscle spasms of which the guy constituted a veritable medical sampler. I didn't know if neurological damage was part of his baggage prior to the drug encounter or a direct consequence but it wasn't the time for a thorough history. I had to shoot him in the back to get him out of the line of fire. 
I did not interrupt the firing sequence: from the back of the Keymaster I passed to the Gatekeeper, whose head I missed by re-profiling the slit. The corpse of the junkie blocked the door giving me time to rush against it, insert my arm and free it from the obstruction that prevented me from passing. 
«Could you change ten dollars for me? I used all the change to call your mothers!»
I retracted my arm to rest my guns. The roll of mob lead against the steel of the door made me regret having such good hearing. 
Shifting my ear to avoid coming out too dumb, my eye managed to get a map of half the room on the other side. The room was about twenty feet deep, and a row of industrial washing machines were gathering dust along the wall.
«I get it! My mistake: no talking about other people's moms, all right! Clarify one point for me then: how are you sisters?»
As I said this, I fired in two shots in bulk. One bullet was lost in the front box of a washing machine in the middle of the row, the second instead blew out one of the portholes. That set off a second, more violent discharge. There were only two shooters. Maybe the others were on their way, but my new friends had come out of the house wearing heavy socks: two UZI machine guns accompanied by a sawed-off shotgun. Slow but devastating, a meat grinder. 
I waited for them to finish their belligerent intercourse to cautiously move the armoured door and mow down whoever would enter my field of vision. At the end of the laundry room, a corridor swallowed by darkness opened up. As I hunted down Cannemozze and Uzi, I would have to watch out for what would pop up from in there. 
If the two friends hadn't already gone and poked their heads into that opening, then they would have continued to shoot and recoil happily. While I was getting excited at the sight of a second, flaming, expanse of rotten washing machines, I caught a glimmer out of the corner of my eye. The dog stepped back and twice hit the firing pin. While an expletive reached me in the distance, a shadow filled my horizon. The first shot of the rifle opened in a lethal circle. It wasn't a long-range weapon but two grapes from that cluster of lead still reached my position. One lodged in the floor six inches from my femoral artery, the other deflected off the edge of the door, otherwise it would have hit my eye and blown out my brain. The man had not waited to see the target hit and had continued to advance before letting the second barrel sing. I could no longer jump left and right like a bunny escaping the purge. I concentrated on that face disfigured by rage, on the features deformed as in a bad painting, on the eyes barred and protruding from the sockets, on the nostrils flared by the spasm of an excited breathing, on the dribbles of saliva that joined the teeth of the two arches, on the veins of the neck greased with blood that tested the resistance of the first button of the shirt. A face like that would have frightened my little Rose and haunted her in her dreams. Perhaps it was the knowledge that she still lived through me that kept me from accepting that, looking at him through my eyes, she might have been frightened. The indifference of dying was accompanied by an instinct of protection, and I almost didn't notice that I was shooting him in the face. I wanted to turn it off like a light bulb. To erase her from history. Three bullets and my angel would have slept without bad dreams. The ogre collapsed, vibrating the floor, half his head smeared on the walls and washing machines being rinsed.

Blood trail


Without abandoning my defensive stance, I finished opening the door. As my breathing calmed down and returned to normal, sweat and adrenalin abruptly dropped. The former made my eyes burn, the latter, waning, left painful pins stuck deep in my flesh. I swallowed an aspirin and my brain beguiled me with the story that it was already taking effect on the way down. Tease or not, the important thing was that it would allow me to get up without supporting the dead body beneath me. And that promise he kept, yes sir.
I took a second one through the laundry room. By now I was chewing painkillers like kibble. One sugar for every Christian killed. 
The soles of my leather shoes began to slip five yards into the dark hallway, so much so that I preferred to avoid lifting my feet too high. The floor was viscous and dismal. I turned around almost at the end of the dark stretch and, against the light, I reconstructed the dynamics of the events. I had left three meters of footprints, ending up in a puddle that the glow of the laundry now made shine. Fat and dense, it had a long tail of specks, some large and regular, others small and jagged. They continued beyond where I had stopped. I didn't need to dip my fingers in it to know what it was. 
Judging by the amount of blood there on the ground, I must have hit an area rich in capillaries, which had caused the victim to drip like a pig at slaughter. However, it hadn't been enough to make him collapse. He'd probably dabbed the wound just right and made a run for it. Too bad we were both going the same way. 
The corridor, long and narrow, ended at the foot of a staircase that, after a dizzying turn to the right, continued steeply up to a dark landing. I reached it avoiding the blood. The path of droplets ended abruptly behind the closed door of an apartment. The location: stripped walls, missing or broken ceiling panels, and a cheap concrete floor. My prey must have been leaning against the door: a long strip ran from the handle to half a knee below. He hadn't had the foresight to close it behind him and I went in.
Water was running in a sink. The blood continued to a second, half-open door. In three strides I covered the space between me and the bathroom. The man in front of me was semi-conscious, leaning with all his might against the edge of the tub. The hot water gushing from the faucet had fogged up the mirrors and the window. A copious red stain spread from the man's stomach down to my feet. Efforts to tamponade the wound had been to no avail: towels soaked in water and blood lay crumpled between the man's limbs like the lascivious peplum of a vestal. He had lacked the strength to tie them tightly around his waist and slow the bleeding. His eyelids drooped on a vision blurred by the weakness of a body slowly slipping into oblivion. Strength he partly scrounged up when he saw me to raise the gun. I fired without a witticism.

«The city of New York is experiencing a new night of terror, with a war between rival gangs shaking the Bronx. It seems that Max Payne, wanted by the police for the murder of a DEA agent, has launched a lonely counter-offensive against those who used to be his workmates. Among the other victims are brothers Joey and Virgilio Finito, affiliated with the Puncinello family, and Rico Muerte, a fugitive suspected of foul play in the Chicago area. The NYPD is on high alert. An arrest warrant has been issued for Max Payne, considered by Deputy DA Jim Bravura to be a real public danger. Will he be able to bring him to justice? We'll find out in upcoming editions. New York, CNN News. Kyra Silver.»

There was nothing left to see, or hear, in there. Even the echo of the death blow to the poor bastard had slipped away. By now death and I were holding each other arm in arm, like old lovers. I turned off the TV in the background and the rustle of the cathode ray tube remained only a few more seconds. After that I was alone again. In the silence.

Yard Time


«Red, blue, or green?» The voice was muffled but the words came to me distinctly. I looked: outside, on the roof of the building across the street, two men were fumbling around a back door, busier than ever.
«In detective movies it's always red or blue» replied the second.
The wind and snow were trying to carry their voices away.
I approached the window. I didn't open it so as not to cover that night-time dialogue with the noise it would make. In the reflection of the glass, I saw my frowning expression.
What were those two up to?
Wasn't it a bit early to draw lots to see who would have to sacrifice themselves for the fate of the world?
«Then let's go with green? Splendid!»
«No, no!» he couldn’t finish the sentence because the explosion ripped his face off. The shockwave reached my window, but the glass held out, preventing me from becoming a cop tartare. I stepped back as the wall involved in the explosion collapsed. 
«What the hell are you doing? Impaled like donkeys! They're bombing us!»
Someone began screaming out his lungs. I could see him flailing from the gash in the penthouse wall. I made up my mind to open the window and the night kissed me on the mouth with his icy tongue, after taking a generous mouthful of TNT. The smoke from the explosion made a round in my lungs deciding where to put his things.
Those sleeves, of a white cotton jacket, waved in the direction of someone I couldn't see. I leaned out, abandoning myself to the support of the ledge. The next few moments fuelled my suspicion that I knew who it was. I wasn't sure until I stepped over the railing and my feet landed on the fresh snow.
Vinnie Gognitti. That son of a bitch. Only twenty yards from me but unreachable. Unless I wanted to test my hidden tightrope, walking skills and walk on those brass pipes that projected like a bridge between the two buildings. All this at a mere forty feet in the air, the first fifty customers to call would also get a free toaster.
At the time I was trying to avoid carbs and bullets, but I lowered myself down anyway. The plumbing was ductwork of some sort. Air conditioning or water. They had a patina of moss on them that made them slippery. Plus the wind, which was using my strained jacket as a sail, wasn't helping.
I holstered my guns to keep from shooting myself in the face from an unconscious movement. It was twenty meters long, the length of a half marathon. I didn't look down because I was afraid Gognitti would get away from me. His head remained centred in my field of vision up to five meters from the opposite ledge. I covered that distance by risking two jumps that could have ruined the excellent work done up to that moment. It didn't happen only because I was quick enough to grab onto the parapet. The leg that had totally missed the step swung over the gap. I scratched my chin on the wall, scraping it off.
Otherwise, it wasn't hard to pull myself up, except that my injured shoulder raised its grievances in moments of genuine pain.
«Vinnie Gognitti, a tasty dish for my hunger for revenge!» I said as I sat up and framed the mobster in my sights. Appearance was pitchy and attitude was cool. The truth was, I was just trying to catch my breath.
«Payne! You damned fed! You haven't convinced me since the first time I saw you! Who do you think you are? You fucking cop, you think you scare us?»
He was cocky and furious. He was also probably high as a horse and having an acute bout of emotional diarrhea. A gangster with the ups and downs of a pregnant woman. The synthetic drug had triggered his delinquency estrogen. 
«You think you're going to come into our house and tell us what to do?» he continued angrily.
«And now you're going to tell me that if I'm late I must warn you, that this place isn't a hotel and you're nobody's slave, are you? Whose whore are you instead, Vinnie?»
He who rests too much, in this world, ends up dead as a doornail. 
We shot at each other, choosing the same moment. Only he misfired and I didn't.
He screamed as if I'd killed him alive. Poor guy, he didn't know I hadn't even started.
«Oh my god, oh my god! You shot me!»
«That's how it works, Vinnie, didn't you know that? Did you expect to get pregnant? I don't see any ring on this finger, do you?»
«You're dead Payne! What the hell are you monkeys waiting for! Kill him!»
He appealed to the team of energetic men he'd hired to protect him from the Russians and who he'd dispatched toward the stairs a minute earlier to go ambush the people responsible for all those explosions. He set them on me, trying to get away in the meantime. Optimistic, with that big hole in his thigh that I had opened. I granted him bail, but he wouldn't enjoy it for long.
More men came out of the hallway of Vinnie's office than could have passed at the same time. It was like watching an ejaculation from inside a vulva. I crouched behind the stockiest chimney on the roof before they saw me. On that magnificent scenic tour, we were about to take I made sure they didn't lose their way: I shot the one that kept turning its head restlessly looking for me. I stopped him, so I avoided the same symptoms for the other four.
Gognitti, meanwhile, was making his way down the fire escape.
The roar of gunfire framed the red dust from the bricks exploding around me. The bullets were eating away at the outlines of my shelter. If they kept this up, in five minutes the bullets would find my flesh. I had to try not to get caught in the flanks. The chimney I had chosen stood like a big middle finger to all the damn criminals who treated the city like their whore. They were metastases circulating freely in the suffering body of a patient in agony.
If I didn't start responding to the leaden taunts, they would have picked me up thinking I had demeaned myself. Left, where the fire was most aggressive. Usually those who take things too hard tend to end early, much to the chagrin of their partner, who had been promised Chinese New Year fireworks and instead only got the equivalent of a green tea incense stick.
I leaned over to respond in kind when the succession of gunshots slowed. One of the guys was twenty-five meters ahead but a large pipe covered him. A second one, to the right, was just inside my field of vision but the calibre of my gun still managed to take out a considerable portion of his skull. He was trying to hide behind an exhaust hood. I couldn't even see his face. It was like shooting a deer in the middle of a forest. I turned to bank the left side and as I landed yet another shot to the right, I popped out the other side to rain down some serious shit.
A first bullet tore off a fist-sized chunk of cornice, another was lost, too high in the night. It was the third that pushed back the burly fat man, too slow not to die like an asshole on a snowy Bronx rooftop. It was already a miracle the stairs hadn't killed him. I was afraid that the bullet from the magnum wouldn't reach any vital organs, muffled by the fat, but then I remembered that the magnum didn't mount armoured bullets. When it went in, it would fragment and goodbye. I went back to my warm shelter having lost sight of the fourth man. Either he had run away, or he was standing exactly in line with me somewhere. Either way I updated my batting statistics. With two kills to seven bullets there was room for improvement. But I didn't crow too much since they were just season games. When the season started the form would come, too. But as I tinkered with the lesser teams the mid-season trophy limped out of reach. I needed to fix the game with a knockout scheme and venture onto the buffet of triumph.
If I had been in the shoes of the two phenomena, who I assumed were close enough to each other to agree on a joint action, I would have moved to surround the chicken and wring its neck. I stepped back, keeping the chimney in front of me. I had to guarantee myself a reduced firing horizon so as to nullify their numerical advantage. I had memorized the path I was going to take backwards so I wouldn't end up on my backside. I just had to watch out for the slippery snow floor. The two of them, alarmed by the shuffling, drew their guns. In the darkness I could barely make them out: the swirling snow was taking away the outlines of things. I glimpsed them through the whites of their eyes, wide open like mine. The bullets hissed around me, furious and poisoned, without biting me. I aimed a few inches above the flashes of the detonations and the rhythm of the shots stopped. I didn't hear the sound of bodies falling to the ground. I had to keep them close to each other and anticipate where they would be. I snapped to the side, revolutionizing the playing field. I reached the long side of the roof and, keeping the ledge to one side, I went to meet Gognitti's two thugs. We resumed shooting at each other like old friends. The magnum was almost dry while the Desert was my glass half full. I slid forward, thanks to the snow and to an ungentlemanly feline step that cost me a stabbing pain in my knee but saved me from a hole in my belly.
Two of the bricks on the ledge turned to splinters and red dust. But the magnum had already fired and with my chin on the ground I saw the pink mist coming out of the skull of the guy who had just missed me. 
I tried to get up, but in addition to the pain in my knee, my chest had absorbed most of the impact, exhausting my air supply. I fell back on my side, looking for the support of the ledge, when the blows of the last remaining gangster came again with renewed insistence. The bastard ran towards me, his lips reduced to a thin strip, the frame of a crooked yellow teeth, a gumless monster with nostrils flared to take oxygen and a single eyebrow pointing at me as sharp as a sword and as thick as a pubis.
As the bullets dug in closer and closer, I corrected the position of my shoulder resting on the ground and let the Desert loose with three shots in tight sequence.
And we have a new world record, dead in thirty meters and ten seconds flat! The crowd went wild!
 



Into the void


I rubbed the back of my head in the snow to discourage the fever I felt advancing. After what felt like a long minute's rest, I sat up, my back against the low wall, the smoking guns beside me, the bottle of aspirin in my hand, emptying as I watched. One, two, three little happy pills disappeared down my throat.
I tried to spot Vinnie. No luck. I had been too slow to survive. Again, I had to follow the blood inside that dark, icy, leafy path.
Just a moment longer, though, Max.
Vinnie wouldn't run out of blood for at least another half hour, and he wouldn't find a doctor for at least twice that. I could allow myself a few more moments of vacation. 
A moment that ended abruptly when, blown hither and thither by the wind, I didn't see a ball of paper soaked with water and blood.
It was only a few meters away from where Gognitti had lowered himself down. I stretched out before losing it to a stronger gust. Ignoring the aches and pains I unrolled it. It was a letter that Gognitti had written in his own hand but hadn't had the courage to finish.

«Jack has gone out of his mind. He shot Dino yesterday just for the sake of finding out how his brains would splatter on the wall. He's as much a danger to our people as he is to our business.»

Gognitti lived in the mortal nightmare of his immediate superior. Jack Lupino was a psychopath. I imagined Vinnie running in terror. He knew where to find his boss and I had a score to settle with Jack Lupino. Gognitti wasn't going to waste any time. I don't know about angels, but for men it's fear that gives them wings.
I stopped lounging and set off again at a good pace. I went down two flights of the fire escape, after which Vinnie had decided to go parkour because the tracks continued on the adjacent roof, a few feet below. If an exaggerated, neurotic like him, held together by massive doses of narcotics and anxiety, I could have gotten there by flying on a broom. I landed rolling on a healthy shoulder. The snow cushioned the fall and collected in a wedge that made me a pillow.
BLAM!
A sawed-off shotgun crackled too close.
Far away, the reassuring rhythm of the railway mixed with the hiss of the wind. 
I looked up and there he was: Gognitti had come even further than I had imagined. I hadn't considered that he had a rifle like that as ballast. He had waited until I was in range, knowing he couldn't get away fast enough. But he had been too hasty and had missed me by half a continent.
«Where are you going without saying goodbye? That's not nice!»
Vinnie replied, sending me packing. He ran around unhinged like an autistic man in the throes of a serious seizure.
«Did you shove a hamster up your sphincter again, Vinnie? You couldn't wait until you got home?»

BLAM!
Again, the lead disappeared into the void. To shoot me Vinnie had made a partial torso twist but with that uncertain grip, the recoil had ripped the weapon from his hands and dislocated his shoulder. He screamed in pain, cursed and continued.
About thirty meters separating us. I could have stopped, calmly framed him in the viewfinder and weeded him out of this damned world once and for all. Too bad I needed him to get to Lupino.
«Don't you think it would be more practical if you stopped? You're dangerously close to the ledge.» 
«What I think would be better, you piece of shit, is for you to plant that pretty gun of yours inside that spirit-filled mouth of yours and blow it out. It's already done too much damage for our liking!»
«Certainly, less than your mother would have done if that night with your father had been limited to using only that!»
«Your insults don't touch me, copper. My mother was a whore!» he said still raising the rifle, kept until then hanging limply on his arm along his side. Obviously, I was faster. When I pierced his stomach, he doubled over.
Vinnie's bullet wasted a meter from my feet. He had condemned himself to that end, but that wasn't why I lost my optimism: there was time between now and his painful death for him to confess his sins and tell me where to find Jack. I approached him without lowering my guns. 
I was a couple of meters away when his vacant eyes had a flash of lucidity and his head snapped back. At the same time his legs gave out and his body flexed towards the edge. I saw him fall but didn't move fast enough to catch him. Vinnie had not lost his balance; he had deliberately thrown himself into the void. I climbed up onto the ledge in time to feel like a total asshole: Gognitti had jumped onto the roof of the moving subway train and was now crawling on all fours, leaving behind a wide red slime. He'd hitched a ride, and I had to hurry to follow suit.

Brutal police


It was my second train ride, and from the way the day had progressed, it didn't bode well. The icy wind was scratching my face like ice razors as I began to lose feeling in my limbs. In the distance they too: the sirens of an entire city that was hunting me down.
New York whizzed past me like a blur, with its expanses of blackened chimneys and endless rows of TV antennas. When the train finally slowed down, Gognitti made his move. At that point the elevated train touched most of the roofs of the buildings of modest height and it was natural for Vinnie to reach the outer edge of the car he had been clinging to and dive over the side. The leap sent him nimbly over the metal fence that divided the railroad with the city and caused him to roll several times over the waterproof covering of the roof of a rundown apartment building. Before the locomotive began the sharp turn that would take it to Harlington Road I jumped, too.
«Ticket control, sir. A little birdie told me you were without one.»
I had gotten up before Vinnie and now had him at gunpoint. The flight from the train must have helped bring the horizon of his demise a little closer. He was breathing heavily and all of himself was busy closing in on his stomach, from where the trickle of blood had now soiled in full the satin suit that Vinnie used to have the nerve to show off in. 
Gognitti, short of breath for a veracious dig, was preparing to answer me with yet another flail, determined to commit suicide, when from the din of the blizzard came the reassuring cadence of a helicopter propeller.
«Max Payne! It's the NYPD. Drop your weapons immediately and lie on the ground! You have five seconds to surrender!»
I wasn't allowed to hope for galloping cavalry, all right, but I didn't deserve that either. 
Vinnie shot at me, but I dodged in time. Unfortunately, the police department wanted to celebrate with me by showing their joy by removing the safety catch and making the machine gun in the aircraft sing.
I ran after Gognitti, who had taken the opportunity to disappear, and I didn't stop until I was inside the building through the fire door, which was banging badly in the storm. I closed it firmly behind me. My back pressed against the iron bars of a balustrade. The stunt realigned my spine. A swarm of large-calibre bullets crashed through the fire door, making it look like the pimply face of a thirteen-year-old boy.
Road closed. A new way to open.
I took a quick look around. The landing on which I was wasting my time was a steel handkerchief suspended over a cliff made of a whirlpool of stairs whose end I could not see.
Panting and dripping, however, one floor below me, was my playmate Vinnie, who had kept the ball and claimed to dictate the rules.
I left him two post-its wrapped in lead to remind him not to leave me behind as was his custom. Shots rang out in the stairwell. Gognitti looked up and saw me. And he increased his pace. 
I got up and followed him. Although he was a sieve, the drugs in his system and the madness in his head kept him at a distance from me, so much so that he reached the inner courtyard of the building before I could lay my hands on him.
Caution slowed me down. By the time I safely placed my first foot on the concrete floor of the courtyard, Vinnie had hitched a ride on a construction hoist from the building under construction next door. He shot me from behind his cocky grin, scarcely interested in getting his aim right.
As usual, I was the one who had to suck up the trouble. For the moment, there was nothing more of the future skyscraper than the skeleton of steel rods and concrete castings. Everything else I would have to imagine.
Gognitti had stopped around the tenth floor, beyond which he could not have gone.
Sheet metal connected the floors, replacing the stairs, and long wooden planks replaced the missing floor. Protruding nails and screws would pierce the soles of my faux leather shoes like butter. The place was a tetanus fair.
I chased Gognitti into a world suspended in the void of a tremendous fall. I had to be careful not to trip over the dangling electric wires, not to inadvertently trigger some forgotten nail gun by an absent-minded worker resting on a perch at eye level, not to get caught in the chains of the pulleys and not to stick the hook in my lung and be carried back and forth like a sock hanging in the sun. Beneath my shoes the pustulous floor of gravel from the first casting. In the narrow passages the splinters of the beams I was making my way through stuck in my jacket and scratched my flesh. My lungs filled with dust and lime. The wind screamed cavernous and sinister promises of death in the PVC pipes. I scrambled to the tenth floor to find the freight elevator desolately empty. Now I had ground to make up.
Now where had he gone to hide?
Again, the blood and snow helped me get my bearings. Considering the long commas he left in the white mantle, Gognitti was now crawling more conspicuously. By now, even his healthy leg must have been exhausted. Like a good cop, I followed the tracks at a brisk pace, not yet running. I made my way across the roof, avoiding skylights and exhaust fans, to the north side. Here, a wooden scaffold connected the building with the roof of the adjacent one. It was a service walkway for the large billboard that towered over the city and the commoners who populated it.
Apart from Time Square, in the working-class districts there were many such structures installed on the roofs of private buildings rented for the purpose. I followed Vinnie up there and, as the wooden plank groaned under my weight, a bullet pierced the billboard and dishevelled my forelock. Instinct told me to get as thin as possible at the first wall I could reach, but the billboard wouldn't help. I cowered and quickly walked down the walkway to face the other side.
The billboard above me had a picture of an assault rifle on a white, red, and blue background with the words, "THE AMERICAN JUSTICE, FOR SALE."
Ironic and terrible but so fitting for the here and now.
The wooden structure supporting the advertisement split in half during the second round of gunfire. I found Gognitti, two rooftops ahead, lurking like me behind a third billboard. I returned fire. I misfired but interrupted the illusion of impunity that might have flashed through his mind since I hadn't responded to his provocations for several minutes. I saw him disappear into the darkness, far from the cones of light of the spotlights positioned above the billboards. I jumped down from the gangway and with a second leap I mounted the second one, not far away.
On this billboard was Captain BaseballBat, the comic book I had found next to the body that had been slaughtered in the basement of Lupino's hotel.

Captain Baseballbat is back, kids! HE'S MEAN AND HE'S GOT A BAT!

My race across the rooftops was lost beneath the lights of the Big Apple, too busy and distracted to wallow in the river of its own private shames and public vices. New York was as indifferent to my revenge as I was to life without Michelle and Rose. I was cleaning up my guilt by covering it with sin. I hoped they would bring me closer to the time when I could feel nothing more.
It wasn't a dream life but at least it was acceptable.
One last billboard and nothing else could hide Vinnie from my fury.
The third had been commissioned by the Aesir Corporation. How small the world is. It recited that with the company you would be closer to heaven.
If it were true.
I sprinted past him ready to get my hands on Vinnie when it was too late to realize that the pass would end up right on a skylight. I was flying like the wind and the window could only give way. I fell like an angel cast out of Eden wrapped in a glass cocoon that would not save me.

Did I do this?



The landing squeezed my rib cage and the moaning that followed had almost nothing human about it. There was also a creaking sound and I hoped it wasn't coming from me.
I blinked repeatedly to focus my vision; I saw the jagged hole in the skylight ten feet above me. I had made a spectacular flight, and the floor had miraculously cushioned some of the impact. The surface I was lying on perfectly accommodated the curve of my back. I wasn't afraid to move and irreparably injure my spinal cord. I could kick the Puncinello's ass even on four wheels pushing and shoving my ass into an aluminium frying pan. Hunting and shooting, I would have had that engraved on my badge.
As something had begun to flay my side, I saw that I had ended up not on the floor but on a table, now furrowed by a deep longitudinal split. The place was an ex-warehouse full of crates piled high and with high ceilings, which I had personally verified. Under my left leg was a black briefcase with gaping jaws. The top half stood straight and rigid between my legs. The crook of my knee and heel would begin to throb in a matter of minutes having violently tapped against the edges of the open suitcase. I pulled myself to my seat for a thorough check. I had no deep cuts. A glass stalactite, which the wind gently swung, hung above my head.
It would have been cathartic to stay down there and admire the spectacle but lingering any longer could have been uncomfortable. 
I reached into my briefcase and found a bunch of big bucks. I hoped they were for someone's bachelor party, but I didn't know anyone so generous as to stuff bills of two hundred dollars or more into their thongs.
But maybe I was the one who had always dated the wrong people.
I got off the table and almost got knocked down again. A green substance of my acquaintance was slowly expanding under my feet. Rolled up to a row of crates, a glass cylinder with a cracked belly.
Oops, my bad.
I scoured the warehouse, shaking my head of fever and clothing from glass, blood, shrapnel, and my personal crap.
The place was empty but given the treasure it held it wouldn't be for much longer.
That asshole Gognitti hadn't picked a random spot to jump off the train. It had to be another of the organization's hideouts.
The access door was locked from the outside. I thought that if there was anyone in the building, my modest circus act could not have gone unheard. But that was just a guess, and I could have stayed in there all night.
I almost immediately discarded the idea of knocking down the door by throwing myself against it: the whore was opening inward. I decided to blow the hinges off and carefully chose the Magnum. A bigger hole would allow me to get a good portion of the wall and one of the doors. What was in the way, the hinge, would be nothing more than history after what I did to it. The dog was already halfway through his run, his top hat exposing his bullet butt when a loud knock distracted me.
«St. Peter, is that you?» I asked.
«Who's there? Who's there?»
«You left me here while you went to bang your hens!»
«Are you locked in there? For how long?»
«Long enough to fill one of those cylinders to the brim, man!»
I didn't know if my interlocutor was stupid, or I was too convincing but the lock began to play a melody of freedom.
«Come on, I can't take it anymore!» I urged him, preparing to fire.
«Jesus, wait a minute! That I don't really understand how...»
The man opened the door while continuing to talk and found my gun tickling the tip of his nose.
«I'll explain it to you.»
«Hey, wait a minute! Wait a minute!» the man projected his hands and arms above his head as if an invisible puppeteer had moved the spool upward. «I had nothing to do with it, sir!»
He had not yet looked me in the face as he continued to stare into the black eye of the revolver.
«And what is this nothing that you wouldn't have anything to do with?»
«What the guys who bought this warehouse do. I'm just the janitor!»
«Nice excuse but you wouldn't even charm my grandmother. I'm the good fairy of warehouse keepers in mob hands and I don't remember ever pleasuring you with a game of mouth. You have three seconds left to tell me who the fuck you are. One...»
At those words, the same invisible puppeteer decided to drop his arms and baggage, including the spool, and run away in a panic attack. The janitor fell to his knees and burst into tears. Copious tears and a sobbing cry.
«I mention mouth work and immediately your itch comes back?»
The guy was in his mid-sixties and didn't look like a corrupter of innocent souls.
«I'm not pulling in this cold, sorry Grandpa. It's plaid, cocoa in a mug and lots of cuddling weather. Get up.» I told him as I walked a few steps away and dropped my gun.
«Oh, thanks, man.» he said getting up again after a moment of hesitation.
«Wipe your snot off, come on. You've passed the test. You've just joined the order of Drug Keepers. My compliments.»
«Fuck off, man, okay!»
«As you wish but as I go could you tell me how to get to the roof? I'm almost convinced I can't do the same stunt on the way up.» I pointed him to the skylight. Snow had begun to accumulate in the hollow of the table. «Say it was a pigeon.» I winked at him, having intercepted in his gaze a thick cloud of answers to questions involving the drugs on the floor and the new vent in the ceiling.
Around the corner then, at the far end, the panic door, were the janitor's directions. He expressed no desire to show me the way. The sooner he got rid of me, the better. Better still if he was as far away from the warehouse as possible. I didn't tell him what it would be like if Lupino's men found the door locked when they returned. I hoped he would remember. As we walked down the long hallway, the Breakin' News jingle peeped out from a half-open doorway.

«Max Payne's hours are numbered. We are very, very close to his capture. You'll get a detailed report, but now excuse me: I'm busy.»
«That's all we were able to get out of Jim Bravura, deputy prosecutor for the NYPD.»

Bravura was one of the good guys. It was fate that had made us rivals. But when he talked about my capture, he was way off base: I'd lost his officers a couple of roofs earlier. At least for the moment.
I found the door and reached the roof. There I was careful not to put my foot wrong again and found Vinnie's trail. With all the blood he had lost, there must have been nothing left in his body but fumes.
I jumped onto the roof of the adjacent building, five feet away, like a little girl playing weeknights. I thought I heard an insistent knock but saw no one until the horizon revealed Gognitti storming a back door with his fists, cursing because no one had run to open it yet. He was pulling and pushing the handle in desperate hysteria. 
It was cold as hell that night, yet Vinnie Gognitti was sweating profusely. It was his body reacting to the shock of an increasingly decompensated physique (and futilely running for cover by putting a band-aid on an overflowing dam).
As he leaned against the door to surrender defeat and let out a few gasps that would manage to get him going again, seeing me he faced me:  
«Payne, I'll kill you, you damned cop!»
When he tried to raise his rifle, I was no longer magnanimous enough to let him do so. That time Vinnie's index and middle fingers jumped, scattering on the ground like Shanghai sticks. The barrel of the gun hit the floor dry. Vinnie bent over the side of that new wound and slumped without taking a final step.
Not that he didn't try, but he couldn't.
The fumes from the flues gave the impression that there was hell burning below us.
It was time for confessions.

RagnaRock


RagnaRock was Lupino's private club. A drug bazaar inside an old theatre. I knew what would await me inside: deranged stoners capable of exploding into senseless acts of violence. 
As well as Lupino's personal guard. The most ruthless killers around.
Ragna Rock was as inviting as a piercing migraine, with its onslaught of lights and music with no beginning and no end. 
The heart of the place was a gothic recreation area with S&M games and a lot of other similar degenerations. Penetrating with its devious message as dark as a bullet in the heart.
In the name of the father, in the name of the son, in the name of Jack Lupino.
I found the road paved from the first step in the neighbourhood to the one in his club.
Since it was my first time that night, I found it peculiar. They could have hassled the cop at the door, blown his brains out of his head, pulled the proverbial dick out of his ass without a second thought. But it didn't happen. Had I not been dulled to the painkillers I'd guzzled greedily; I probably would have felt the piercing pain of searing disappointment.
The side of the checkroom, immediately to the right of the entrance, was clear and free of danger. Lupino was a step away, I could feel it. There was something intangible in the air, a patina that made it heavy and unbreathable. I felt it on me like a blanket.
Even the large atrium was deserted. Deserted and wrapped in a darkness kept away only by the flickering flames of some candles. I couldn't believe that Lupino had snorted even the money from the bills and had to fall back on a pre-industrial revolution style. It looked like one of those haunted houses you find at county fairs. I was waiting any minute for the merry-go-round to begin cardboard ghosts popping out of the corners, registered screams, dry ice by the ton, and raspberry syrup dripping from the chandeliers. Distinct but distant, a dull dirge. It could have been the wind.
I continued on the Lupine hunt and slipped into a room on the left. To flush out a colony of sewer rats I usually preferred to start on the outskirts and not leave one behind. That one would most likely end up shooting me in the middle of the back.
I arrived at a liquor warehouse that looked more like the cellar of an old wine shop.
There were no candles, but the light was soft and ineffective in fighting the prevailing darkness with authority. Wall scantlings and dusty wine racks surrounded a large wooden table. Above it a book, its leather cover bitten by time and moisture.
Judging by the location it was surprising that anyone had even considered reading anything. The book was titled «The Age of Death and the Storm.»
I leafed through it.
It spoke of Norse myths and Ragnarok, the day when, according to Viking beliefs, the end of the world would come. The earth would be covered in ice and men would lose their last glimmer of humanity.
I understood how someone could think that the end of the world was really coming. And, at the same time, I was beginning to understand what the real meaning of such a place was.
But something told me that a dusting of winter wasn't enough to transform men into devils. The truth, the raw and merciless truth, was that men have always been monsters, since their beginning. Whatever weather the Lord had decided to send down. 
Bedtime stories are fine until reality comes to visit you, unannounced.
The world is the real monster hiding under the bed, and when it grabs you by the little foot you carelessly left dangling and drags you down with it, it's no longer enough to pull the covers up to your chin and hope it passes. You can only delude yourself that that moment will come as late as possible. 
But it will come, sooner or later, that's for sure.
It might have the alcohol-deformed face of a father coming home drunk and pissed off with the strap rolled up in his fist; it might wear the nametag and underarm folder of a social worker; it might have a gun and sit in the desk next to yours, wait for everyone to sit down and the teacher to start the lesson; it could have the persuasive smile of a friend handing you half an ounce of stuff on the playground, or it could be three deranged crackheads breaking into that nest you had painstakingly built, where you promised they would be safe forever, and tearing your life to shreds like a sheet of paper.
I abandoned that cheerful reading and left.
The liquor store looked out onto the back of a bar in one of Ragna Rock's concert halls, which could hold at least two hundred sweaty and greasy individuals rubbing up against each other. At that moment it was empty. 
The room developed like an old gothic cathedral: a wide central nave and two smaller ones at the sides, bordered by as many rows of columns. Imposing, they cleaved the high ceiling ten meters above my head. Henhouse nets had been fixed between each arch. A giant blue eye painted above the main architrave dominated everything. The lighting system, king of the strobe effects of techno music and venereal disease nights, was suspended over the floor while a wooden mezzanine ran along the three aisles with its train of electrical wires, ropes coiled like snakes and dangling jacks. Murals and flashing lights completed the picture.
At the end of the main aisle, at the edge of the stage, stage flames ignited the darkness. Candles and candelabra made of iron, wrought in sinister arcs, gave the ensemble a flavour of a satanic mass.
And there is no satanic mass without a sacrificial victim.
The man who emerged from the darkness of the mezzanine pouring a lead rosary at me had probably mistaken me for his scapegoat.
I took cover behind the bar while glasses and bottles shattered, and alcohol splashed painting rainbows. I fired to keep him company, but the bullet sawed through one of the columns taking away a piece of the edge and I lost the trajectory. An unhappy groan came from the guy. As I raised my head to look, the man leaned over the balustrade holding his shoulder with one hand. He flew down with a masterful pike before I could tell him to watch his step. The cracked thud that his body produced on the floor was that of a sack of torn meat and branches broken by the wind.
The sound of the man smashing like a sack of fruit jelly did not cause any of his companions to look out to see if there was anything left to put in a box and, if so, shoot me. I was the one who went looking for trouble.

Satan the great



Adjacent to the room with the enormous blue eye of God/Krishna/Odino/Providence, there was a second one, of the same dimensions but without the cathedral aisles and that Dark tone so hilarious. There, the architect had instead decided to hire contemporary artists armed with spray cans and contempt for constituted authority. Graffiti filled every inch of the wall and a feeling of abandonment and discomfort crept under my skin. Not that I was particularly prejudiced about it. It wasn't the good guys who wanted to express themselves who chose the walls of Ragna Rock as a canvas on which to paint their souls and dreams. The good guys who wanted the world to hear their voice ended up at most electrocuted on the subway tracks or run over in some tunnel by the last train of the night. Those who sneaked into places like Lupino's headquarters had already been on the crime track for a while. The ones who end up gunned down in a shootout with the police and then become martyrs for the community, to wit. The same community that had cried and had taken to the streets in torchlight processions against drug dealing in front of schools and in public parks.
Life is one big binge of shameless irony.
To seal his work, the architect had decided to cover the floor with a large pentacle. The edges were imprecise and the brush strokes, hastily, loaded with paint.
I was no more an expert on occultism than I was on knitting, but there was a good chance that that floor would not end up on the cover of Vogue as artwork of the month. Like most human symbols, the Pentacle had always been governed by ambiguity. Symbols are nothing more than containers of meaning, after all. And everyone pours into them what they prefer to drink.
The five points of the Pentacle represent the natural elements (water, earth, fire, air) and the spirit (be it the Soul, God or the Universe), in almost all religious beliefs and philosophies that have adopted it.
 And always the men, at some point, decided that depending on the orientation of the pentacle this would be cloaked with positive or negative connotations.
The Pentacle with the fifth point, the one of the spirit, turned downwards represented the dominion of nature over spirituality and soul and, for an exquisitely biased forcing, constituting therefore a disrespect to the spirit par excellence: God and his singing cherubs. A hymn made of a single verse shouted at the top of its voice: SATAN IS GREAT!
As far as I was concerned, I was no longer a big fan of Jesus and family and was not comfortable around fanaticism in general. To dot the «i's« nicely, the greatest causes of pain in human history have always come from those who had professed brotherly love and the greater good. Certainly not four devil-worshipping misfits capable of slaughtering kids and violating a couple of virgins. But beyond my scepticism, I knew that playing with the dark forces was not good business: sometimes Lucifer picks up the phone.

Milk and cookies


While I was busy debating theology in front of an invisible audience annihilated by such sagacity, a presence manifested behind the counter. 
«Hey, milk and cookies are for the grandpa with a belly and a lot of laughs. Nothing for the leprechauns!» I shouted in the direction of the shadow crouched behind the thorn compartment, making sure he didn't miss my gun pointed at him.
«You're that guy, right? The traitor.» I didn't recognize the voice. I'd never been able to get that close to Lupino and his people.
«Do you want to write my biography?»
«No, but I also don't want to kill some poor Christ who snuck in here by accident instead of some piece of shit who really deserves it!»
«I see, you're the good Samaritan of the group.»
«Wrong: I'm the one who guts you and makes a nice tie out of your guts.»
«Painfully, but I decline the offer: it wouldn't go with the shoes. I want to make you one instead: politely hand me your irons and tell me where Jack is. You can live another day and look for honest work. Shall we combine?»
«I say Jack will find you, and when he does, he'll devour you!» the man tried to jump over the counter, but I persuaded him to desist by shooting him through the heart. That shot was enough to kill him but given the esoteric aura of the place, with three more bullets I made sure not to see him reappear with a vacant stare and a contagious bite.
Around, no one else.
I couldn't hide the fact that I was a little disappointed by the lack of vigilance at Lupino's headquarters, one of the most important fiefdoms in Puncinello's criminal web. Honestly, I would have felt calmer if there had been sixty of them waiting for me, unleashed and eager to be the first to rip the scalp off my head. That calm was unexpected, and I had to look inside to adapt. Hoping to find everyone crowded around a corner, I walked past the body and through a door in the back. 
I ended up in a room adorned with signs like: NECRONOMICON, BLACK MAGIC, and LOST PARADISE. Even the titles of the books on the desk spoke for themselves: MALLEUS MALEFICARUM rather than DE DIVINA MALEVOLENTIA IN MORTIBUS VIOLENTIS. 
Books with staves on the cover, all about the occult and the infernal, amidst stacks of horror videos. The only reason to give them importance was that Lupino seemed to take them seriously. He must have spent a lot of time making friends with the guy downstairs.
On the wall behind the desk, with smudged red dye Lupino himself had painted two broken hearts and stars topping an open-mouthed skull, immortalized in an excruciating cry of pain.



A ruthless lone avenger



Whether Lupino was paving the way for semi-infirmity by the time they finally put the handcuffs on his wrists or had crossed the border of insanity I would only find out when I faced him. Until then I had to act with the worst-case scenario in mind. Jack Lupino was convinced that he was a son of the Beast, therefore immortal and omnipotent. Those who think of a plan B for when they are arrested, on the other hand, are also afraid to die, like a real human being.
Lupino's office continued down a cramped corridor, eventually climbing a tapered spiral staircase, perfect for getting shot in the back of the head and dying on your knees.
As I climbed, the dust falling through the perforated metal steps irritated my eyes and filled them with tears. I rubbed them with even dirtier hands, but my soul cried out louder with a pain that would not be appeased by a few sugars. On the other hand, a body can't survive without a soul, and I didn't want to be just a sack of meat, even if fascinating, as my mother kept reminding all her friends at the Tuesday night bridge.
I popped up right behind the lighting panel. I got my bearings from the big blue eye that towered in the first room. A series of rickety catwalks suspended from ropes were lost in the dense darkness of the vault. The backstage area was supposed to lead toward Lupino's shrine. The unbreathable air seemed to raise invisible walls, fortified by the smell of a sweetish incense sticky as resin. 
That was the rotting heart of the Big Apple. Lupin must have been close by, like a spider at the centre of its web, waiting. Incense fumes made my head spin. On a couch were remnants of a torn letter. Puncinello had warned Lupino. The missive had been crumpled up and was covered in blood.

«I don't even want to think about one of my men not playing along. Remember, Jack, that we are making a deal. I wouldn't want to be forced to send the Trio to visit you.»

The Trio were the trusted men of the head of the family. It was clear that Lupino had not been intimidated by the threat. Lupino's notes littered the table. Jack was missing a few cogs. The papers were written in blood and spoke of demons, black magic, arcane ceremonies, and evocations of ancient deities. In the centre of the room another pentacle circumscribed by five candelabra.

«Beelzebub, Asmodeus, Baphomet, Lucifer, Loki, Cthulhu, Lilith Hela...blood flow for you all.»
He wanted to follow in Faust's footsteps: his soul in exchange for power and wealth. Just sign with blood on the dotted line.
Jack Lupino was a raving lunatic.

«Werewolves arise to devour the Sun and the Moon! I am the wolf, I am the Beast, I am Mr. End-of-the-World! I am he who wears the flesh of the fallen Angels!»

After the year two thousand, the end of the world was a common cliché. But who was I to speak? A ruthless lone avenger overwhelmed by the tombstone of Justice.
I turned my attention away from that engaging reading and for a moment continued to hear the invocations that had just passed before my eyes.

ASMODEUS.
BAPHOMET.
LUCIFERO.

No, it was not the echo in my head, but a precise dirge.

LILITH HELA.

They had planned a Sabbath and forgot to invite me.
Monotonous and repetitive, it tired and lulled my ears.
My hair stood on end.
The voice, the voices, I didn't know how many of them were chanting the name of Norse divinities, praising the ritual sacrifice, declaring the name of the fallen Angel and... growling.
They growled.
Jesus Christ.
What would I find at the end of that path of esoteric symbols, upside-down crosses and number sequences written in blood?
I recognized some Hebrew writing; the ink had run down the trail streaking the walls with vermillion tears. I didn't dare for a moment to lean against the walls. I headed straight for that disturbing and irresistible choir. I shook the weariness from my head by nervously shaking it. The suffocating smell of incense snuggled against my eyelids like an inviting torpor. Trying to keep my eyes open, I opened them wide. If I had heard a yawn coming, I would have sunk my nails into my palms. 
This is how sects gathered followers, how they persuaded them to believe in a deviant reality and to reject anything else that was reasonable. Hypnosis techniques hadn't been taught in the police academy in a while, but a veteran had shown me the main tricks during stakeouts. Looking inside a suspect's head was very useful for getting answers and confirmation. But the police and judicial leadership, as well as the various associations for the rights of the individual, were not of the same opinion when it came time to decide whether to abolish them or put them at the service of the community. The fact remained that the temporary loss of self-awareness and the regular flow of time were still powerful means for those who wanted to push a conviction into someone's head and convince him that it was all his own doing. 
I was in such a hurry to get a breath of fresh air that I hurled myself towards the end of the corridor without checking that I had a clear field. At least I swooped in, levelling the Desert Eagle and Magnum. 





Fire from the sky


«Son of a bitch!» I exclaimed. Still confused by the incense fumes, the endless monotonous dirge, and the exhaustion, I thought I had come full circle and was back where I started. Even though I knew it wasn't possible, I couldn't immediately stop believing it could be true.
Still, the details.
It was the details that convinced me that I was no longer in the cathedral-like room. The aisles, those were still there, were adorned with floor-length black drapes, a fabric so light it moved without breaths of wind. All it took was for someone to breathe from across the room. I could see through them. In the centre of the main aisle, a fountain filled a basin with a thick, dark liquid with reddish hues. Two long rows of tall candelabras flickered shadows of the world from the crooked stems of exhausted candles. Where one would have most easily expected to find a white marble altar and a priest with a long tunic, a heavy pitch-coloured curtain descended instead. In that chromatic choice by the immortal son of Vlad The Impaler, only the carpet that covered the central nave was a variation on the theme. It certainly gave more colour to the whole, but in the wrong way. It was bright red, like the blood in B-movie cop shows.
I was still standing there admiring the scenery when a flash of light crossed my field of vision and a flame advanced towards me. The smell of alcohol hit me like a fist when a second comet announced the coming of three old assholes with a handful of gifts. The second Molotov cocktail shattered closer, and a jagged smear of fire hit my legs. I ducked as another one of those homemade bombs grazed my back like the unexpected thrill of bad news. In a matter of moments, the hell that Lupino was hoping for had become reality.
The fire blazed, devouring everything in its path. The incendiary rain came down from some scaffolding from the high sloping ceiling. The darkness, the distance at which they were located, and the blinding light of the fire prevented me from seeing how many were throwing although it was clear that they were stationed in three different places. The Molotov cocktails continued to fall down at a rapid pace, in wide and majestic parabolas. 
Lupino had prepared a Viking funeral for me. 
Thanks, but I wasn't worthy. Someone would have deserved it before me. 
The fire roared. Walls of flame erupted as they reached the drapes subtended between the aisles. The heat slapped me forehand and backhand. There was only one way not to turn me into a human flashlight: take a dip in the fountain, where the blood still pouring from my scratches would join that of Lupino's victims. Here was Max Payne, plunged into the hottest circle of hell.
Too late, boys. My life was already a waking hell. At best I could seize the opportunity for a nice barbecue.
I aimed the magnum at one of the balconies and fired. I only hit one of the falling bottles and a blaze of glass, alcohol and sparks flew around me. My second bullet lodged in a wooden balustrade, but at least I managed to distract the man up there enough to momentarily interrupt his hurling of lightning and thunderbolts. With my vision freed from the glare of the flames, I was able to get a better look at my opponent. The third one hit the guy on the catwalk and urged him to show me how well he could do an imitation of a falling man.
And he was really good, very convincing.
After a minute, the body was completely engulfed in flames. I moved into the shadows of the now cleared gallery so that I could dominate the confrontation area. The other two guys would now be forced to extend the range of their launches and many bottles, in fact, shattered against the walkway, creating a drizzle of liquid flames. A curtain of flickering beads that helped elude their aim.
Before they could fix it I killed the thrower in front of me. He didn't take off but abandoned himself, exhausted, in an exhausted pose. The last Molotov cocktail, already set on fire, ended up feeding the still inert ones next to him. A blaze rose up like a glorious erection, engulfing the gangway and all its occupants.
Too bad it was a performance I didn't get to see.
While I was chilling the guy on the second balustrade, giving him a front row seat for that early New Year's Eve, a bottle hit me right in the chest, chiming on my sternum. As luck would have it, it didn't break right away.
The device whirled around for what I thought was half a century. The centrifugal force kept the liquid away from the burning fabric. The bluish flame was like the glow of the witch's spells in my little Rose's favourite fairy tale. It had the appearance of a mortal nature, but it was only a stage fiction. I could have run my fingers through it, and I wouldn't have been burned, I was sure of it. The bottle had time to spin five times in the air, I counted them, before smashing on the floor. In the meantime, I had decided to project myself to the side and while the pain in my chest finally reached its destination, taking my breath away with a stab, the trigger of the Molotov released a fire spider that stretched out on the floor with its thousand hairy legs, ready to attack. 


Blood uterus


When time resumed its normal speed, the back of my head slammed into the pedestal of the fountain, which I had reached launched like a falling angel. Hot, viscous blood gushed from the cut to my neck and down my back as the violent heat of the universe around made its way into my flesh. Slowly roasting, they wouldn't even give me the cold shoulder. Lupin and his people would watch me cook like a pig on a spit. I couldn't tell if I was dizzy from exhaustion, smoking, pills, or the massive blood loss of the last few hours but I couldn't doze off. 
I dropped the magnum I was holding in my right hand and groped for the edge of the tank. The shoulder was the right one and I hoisted myself up, arriving with difficulty halfway to the finish line. I gathered my legs, without strength, and with one last push I sank into the blood. The noises, the deep rumble of the fire, the crackling of the wood of the ceiling beams that were beginning to give way, suddenly became distant. Inside that womb of blood, the almost total absence of gravity helped me to wash away the nagging weight of pain and fatigue and the cold water made me lucid again.
I could feel my heart pulsing in the wound on my head. I took it as a chance to free it from the worry of too much that might have slowed it down. 
I resurfaced in the heart of a glowing furnace.
Blood spurted out of me in generous rivulets and big tears. From the whites of the eyes of Lupino's underworld follower I understood that he had seen that in mine and had not fallen in love with it.
The Desert Eagle fired for two, with the magnum I had left burning on the floor of that crematorium. I fired shot after shot without calculation. I hit that poor devil with a blizzard of lead he hadn't yet earned. I just wanted to finish the pattern and pause before reaching the monster at the end of the level. The man fell over the catwalk and hell engulfed him, pacifying his scream. 
I shrugged off the cocktail of blood and water like a dog that had just emerged from a puddle. I picked up the magnum and reloaded.

Jack Lupino


The fire dried my clothes and the clotting blood starched them. Full service.
I walked toward the black curtain, which the flames would reach in five minutes and devour in less than ten. I uncovered a flap of it and slipped in without much thought. If they had wanted to kill me right away, they could have joined the dance, or at least brought a watermelon.
Behind a glorious altar of white marble awaited me Jack Lupino, priest of depravity. Lupino was a big son of a bitch with a shaved head and a tattooed face: a tribal tattoo arched from his left eye down to his cheek, as if an unintentional splash of mud had reached him during a picnic out of town. Jack, however, was not wielding a ceremonial dagger: he had opted for a more pragmatic UZI rifle and a shirt that reminded me of my grandmother's old couch that had always smelled of rhubarb and old farts. Besides adoring me, Grandma had never had a taste for anything else.
As absurd as it was, the situation seemed to have a consistency, though I couldn't figure out what. Lupino was stoned and looked like he was ready to take on a mutant alligator. So, he resumed his delirious speech, as if in a nightmare. Mine.
«I have tasted the flesh of fallen angels.»
«I know, it's kind of stodgy, isn't it?»
«I've tasted the green blood of the devil. It flows through my veins. I've seen beyond the world of flesh, the whole architecture of blood and bone.»
«I prefer documentaries of mating season.» but he didn't even hear me. Lupino's record wouldn't stop until the end.
«Death is coming! He will soon be among us with hell in his wake! Here is the dawn of the eternal winter. I am ready to become his son! His time has come and anyone who stands in his way will have to die!» he concluded in a laugh that had nothing reassuring about it. «YOU WILL DIE NOW!»
At the end of the mass Lupino snapped, pointing his UZI at me. I did the same with the one I had.
Screaming in turn.
I couldn't explain what I was yelling about.
I just shouted.
We both fired but we were already so close that we didn't even hit each other. Lupino shot high, at the saints in heaven. The machine gun, too close to my head, would have knocked me back if I hadn't been so busy missing Jack in turn by putting two bullets into the nothingness behind him. It was because he clamped my right wrist in a lion's grip deflecting the trajectory of the barrel and because, I admit, I didn't believe him capable of moving so fast. He squeezed my hand and forced me to drop the gun, but I was lucid enough to repay him with the same coin by twisting his UZI hand and pointing it at him. He let me go and shifted our fight to the muscles. He grabbed me by the jugular and slammed me against the altar. The kidneys sent out a sharp cry of protest. They were going to make me pay by forcing me to piss blood for two days. I tensed the muscles in my neck as my hands on Lupino's wet, sinewy forearms tried to pull him away from me. The flow of oxygen that he was able to pass through his increasingly small carotid artery was dwindling. It would shrink to the size of a pin in half a watch. I listened to the faint hiss of breath in my head. I couldn’t shake him off. Lupin's eyes were bloodshot, so prey to his hallucinations that he never blinked.
My vision began to blur. A dark halo now surrounded the outlines of things. My eyelids closed their shutters. My fingers continued to slide over Jack's sweaty arms. Another thirty seconds and I was going to pass out. I closed my eyes, repeating myself not to be persuaded by the relief I got from it and the desire to let go of my moorings and relax in front of the sunset. My arms were now only resting on those of Lupino, who was concentrating his weight and his delirium on my throat.
It was impossible for me to even spit in his face. I was leaving. It was like the current of a river: slowly it invited you to follow it, join it, then it welcomed you placidly and finally you went away together, without thinking. Even my legs began to lose strength. The altar supported me as my feet reached out to already touch the wood of the coffin. I had to hold on, as my body shut down, my mind was still terribly present, wide open to the horror. My legs, straight and taut as logs, however, could not tell my feet to grip. If I could have lifted myself a few inches and asserted my height on Lupino, something might have changed. But those fucking cop feet kept sliding forward. I cried out but all that came out were intelligible guttural sounds that, I know, stimulated Lupino's pleasure centre even more. 
The icing on the cake.
As I thought about the erection Lupino might have at that moment, his left foot stopped sliding forward and I stopped sinking. I had stopped but didn't know who to thank.
I found the strength to kick and the grin of the man I was facing faded for a moment, but not the fatal grip around my throat. I was past the point of pain and despair, so he could squeeze all he wanted but it would only hasten my demise, not make me give up trying to survive.
I moved my leg one more time. I think I hit it below the knee.
The redwood remained solid. The fingers sank into the throat. I kicked higher but the bent knee resisted and pushed me back.
Shit.
Jesus Christ.
The hammertoe struck Jack in the inner thigh, the femur twisted slightly on his hip and destabilized his balance.
Angry, Lupino took to tugging at me, shaking my head like a maracas. He wanted to rip it off my neck. That was what allowed me to breathe again. 
I kicked again and this time it was his testicles that played like maracas. His mouth described a potbellied O while the ringing told us that an angel had just earned its wings. I stepped into his guard and planted my elbows in the crook of his arms, shrugging him off and slipping a few steps away. 
I reached for my gun, but a ceremonial candle would have been fine with me to smash his head in. While my eyes were playing pinball from one side of the floor to the other, a freight train hit me. Lupino's fist knocked out one of my teeth. Backed up on the altar, I found myself in the «convinced by exhaustion« sex position. 
Jack lunged at me. I lifted my legs in time to print his shoe size on his face. I dismantled his nasal septum, even though, sketchy as it was, it couldn't have been the first time for him. Lupino shook his face vigorously to the right and left, as if to chase away a fly, and returned to charge, with the blood flowing out in streams drawing a pair of mustaches. I welcomed him by improving his smile with a headbutt. The teeth opened my forehead but Lupino stepped back.
I pounced on him with all my weight. We rolled halfway up the steps where the fire was raging. Lupino straddled me and tried to knock me out with his fist and smash my head against the steps. I knew he wouldn't stop even when brain matter had slipped from his fingers from my smashed skull and my skull would fit as a ceremonial chalice. I reached out and shoved my fingers into his eye sockets. I sank my nails into the flesh as he scanned. I took that moment to reverse our positions. Surmounting him, I broke two ribs on each side. Jack didn't give me the satisfaction of feeling pain, but I wasn't offended. His knees blocked his arms and allowed me to use his face as a punchball.
Right. Left. Right. Left. Repeat.
The bones didn't give way right away, I had to flay my knuckles before sinking into the flesh.
Left. Right.
A crack went off in my head like a light bulb.
The jaw had given way, joining the smashed cheekbone and recessed eye sockets. Long strands of drool dripped down my chin and the splatter of blood collected from my fists made me look like a living Pollock painting.
I didn't know if Jack was still breathing. I found out when he knocked me off my feet.
He was doped up like a horse.
Lying on the steps like in a De Palma movie, I watched the tongues of fire chasing each other on the ceiling. The fingers of my hand touched something. I didn't immediately understand what it was only because fatigue had finally found me. I reached out with an effort and managed to grab the magnum. Lupino was getting up at that moment.
I fired and the figure bent over. I wanted to make sure he stayed down. The Valkyrie was an ugly beast: it seemed to turn men into demonic zombies.
I unloaded whatever was left in the magazine on him. I squeezed the trigger about ten times after the eight shots had long since finished.



Double Whisky


«I think he's dead now.»
A female voice behind me took me by surprise, and when I turned around, I'm sure my refined dialectic made the same impression on her.
«Uhu?!» 
I had run into a femme fatale pointing a gun in my face. And returned the favour.
«Dead or alive, you hit the wrong person,« she said, without adding anything else. The sight of that brunette electrocuted me. I wasn't expecting or ready for that beauty. She was wearing a leather trench coat and her long black hair was gathered into a tail. 
«Lisa Puncinello?» I asked dumbfounded. Lisa Puncinello was the wife of Angelo Puncinello, the biggest bad apple in the orchard. What the hell was the boss's wife doing at RagnaRock?
And why was she threatening me with an automatic instead of enjoying the fruits of her husband's sins at some exclusive country club?
«Mona Sax, Lisa's twin sister,« she corrected me.
That explained that tough guy look I'd never noticed in Lisa.
«Go easy on the guns, sis. You know you might even hurt someone?»
«Lisa was the fragile one. I'm the strong one. I could blow your brains out without batting an eye.»
«Sure, and you can check out my credentials plastered all over the walls.»
«It was Angelo Puncinello who killed your friend and put the blame on you.»
«Are you sure about that?»
«I have my sources.»
«These days I'm not sure of anything anymore and when in doubt I shoot. Whose turn will it be to fix it?»
«It has to be mine. I can't stand anyone who takes pleasure in beating his wife. Why not save our bullets for him?»
«I thought you'd never ask: my finger was beginning to ache.»
«How do you want your whiskey?»
«The scent is enough for me, and that the taste caresses the palate.»
«You're a real connoisseur, Max.»
Mona served me the drink. It was good stuff. It went down my throat like it was honey.
«Nothing personal but I can't take the chance that in the frenzy Lisa will be killed.»
I barely heard the end of the sentence and all the noises in the world seemed to come from a faraway place, a muffled and confused otherworld. A murderous torpor enveloped me as if in a coffin of oblivion. Consciousness dissolved into a fierce headache. I collapsed to the ground.


Alessio Chiadini Beuri's other books:

The Stray
A vitriolic thriller full of action and caustic jokes set in a New York corrupted by sin, hunger and organised crime in the 1930s.
The death of Elizabeth Perkins seems to be a case already solved: the body found in the house, no sign of robbery, a husband who lost track of him. But there is something that does not convince Mason Stone, private investigator and former police officer. A box of matches, a past that is struggling to emerge and a mysterious suitor are just the ends of a tangle that becomes more and more tangled every time the truth seems to come closer. Stone will be forced to fight against an entire city, against a New York corrupted by sin, hunger and organised crime, in a vortex of violence that grows tighter and tighter around him, like the coils of a snake.



Special thanks go to Sara, who indulged my penchant for handwriting (at the limit with a typewriter) by giving me the opportunity to make the transition from paper to digital without nagging. Without her, this book probably wouldn't have seen the light of day until a year from now.
I Love You.
