Mayhem and Murder Cozy Mysteries
Five Cozy Mystery First in Series 
Patti Larsen

Smashwords Edition

©Patti Larsen 2016-2021

Find more at https://pattilarsen.com/home

***
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the vendor and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
***
Welcome to my worlds!

I can’t wait for you to dive in, but before you do, here’s a snapshot of what you get in this collection:

Bed and Breakfast and Murder
Book One: Fiona Fleming Cozy Mysteries (Contemporary, 14 volumes, COMPLETE)
WINNER of BEST FEMALE PROTAGONIST CHAPTERCON 2017

A Poo Poo Kind of Morning

I tried not to look down the mouth of hell staring back at me from inside the glaringly pristine outer ceramic shell of the white throne, my throat catching, stomach doing half flips and a rather impressive rollover routine that would have gotten at least a 9.5 even from the Russian judges. Instead, I forced myself to smile and swallow and remind myself the elbow length yellow rubber gloves grasping the handle of the standard issue plunger were all that stood between me and Pooageddon.
Suck it up, Fee. Big girl panties and adulting and all that.
“At what point,” I waved the dripping plunger, wincing as droplets of yuck flew, “did I think owning a bed and breakfast was going to be glamorous and romantic?”

Fiona Fleming hasn’t lived in Reading, Vermont in over a decade, her escape from small town living leading her to New York City and a life of adventure. An adventure that has left her with no career, an ex who cheated on her and zero plans for the future. Her grandmother’s death grants her a new chance—inheriting Petunia’s, Iris Fleming’s bed and breakfast, seems like the ideal fresh start. But when Fee finds out ownership of the property Iris willed her might be in question, she’s drawn into the seedy underbelly of the cutest town in America after being singled out as the main suspect in a murder.

Find more of Fee’s adventures (there’s a LOT of them!) right HERE!

AND Fee has a second series (Fleming Investigations Cozy Mysteries) already six volumes in, so if you adore her, you have LOTS to read!


The After Hours Deception
Book One: Masquerade Inc. Cozy Mysteries (Contemporary, 7 volumes, ONGOING)

Boxes were heavy. Not that I was complaining or anything. It was just.
Boxes. Heavy.
Argh.
Especially when said boxes contained the sum and total of my entire existence. Corrugated hell encompassing millennial decisions made without thought for the future beyond the moment of pleasure that doing my best to recreate the life my parents had evoked. Only to end in a long, slow trudge up a narrow set of stairs over said parent’s garage in a desperate attempt to evade bankruptcy and utter despondency embedded in shame, guilt and the bitter taste of failure.
I apparently put the ‘suck’ in success.

Petal Morgan finds herself, at twenty-eight, not only without any sort of compass leading her to her lifelong dream (she has as yet to identify), not to mention the student loans stacking up against her (how much education is too much?), now perched on the edge of bankruptcy while accepting, with the shame that comes from failure, taking over the unfinished apartment over her parent's garage. But when an unexpected encounter with an old friend leads her to the kind of job she never expected, she not only uncovers her talents, but a dead body to boot. Deception has never been so lucrative... 

Get your deception on with more from Petal Morgan right HERE!


Dead Even
Book One: Whitewitch Island Paranormal Cozies (Paranormal, 4 volumes, ONGOING)

Come to Whitewitch Island, they said. A nice place to retire, they said…
Who knew I owned so much stuff? Or that it would take up all this space in so many boxes I could barely navigate the rather substantial living room. Gathering things appeared to be one of my vices, though I hadn’t noticed when I’d packed up my old place on the East coast for this journey to the West and a new beginning. Especially since I’d done so in a hurry and more than a little magic aided in the actual stuffing of my plethora of belongings into their temporary containment.
I’d told myself I wasn’t running away, almost believed it. Except, the clifftop Pacific Ocean view had been so crammed with cardboard and the detritus of my last life I could barely glimpse the water. Surely such blockage wasn't an omen. More likely, I had to admit my rapid retreat from who I used to be really had been a bit of a scramble out of the way of everything I knew and my concerns about foretelling was just another excuse to avoid the truth.
I ran. So be it.

Retired Guild Artemis Inquisitor Georgia Drake has left the paranormal world behind after the death of her partner in the line of duty. Along with her job investigating crime and murder. With her Hades Guardian mastiff, Benjamin, and raven pair for company, she moves her entire life across the continent to escape not only the loss but her oppressive and powerful family. But someone like George isn’t meant for a nice, quiet retreat to the normal human world. The biggest problem? Crime and murder aren’t through with her. When a local is killed by unusual means, she is recruited by the eager but untested sheriff to assist in uncovering the truth. Except, doing so means digging up the past that most residents of Whitewitch Island would rather forget…

Did you love Georgia and Benny and the ravens? Find further mysteries HERE!


Merry Little Mystic Murder
Book One: Phoebe Monday Paranormal Cozies (Paranormal, 3 volumes, ONGOING)

Do you have any idea how hard it is to focus on spell casting with Jingle Bells running in your head? Hard. Trust me on that.
Still, this was my favorite part, despite the subject and content, the endless chatter around me trying to pull my focus, scent of pumpkin spice and pine dominating the air thanks to the real, live Christmas tree someone donated to the police department. Maybe that meant something about me, how enjoying the process of uncovering things people thought hidden through the power inside brought me joy and peace, far more than carols or the holiday season or eggnog lattes.
And maybe it just meant I was good at what I did. I tried not to think about it.

Phoebe Monday’s unusual birth into a triunity of wonderworkers always left her feeling a bit like an outsider. At least the power she (sort of!) controls makes working as a sketch artist for the police department the perfect fit. Still, diving into memories of victims while altering the luck of those around her seems trivial in comparison to what her Maiden, Mother and Crone family are capable of. But when homeless victims come under attack and a normal human’s murder puts the Monday magic at risk, it’s up to Phoebe and her odd talents to save the day.

Phoebe’s far from done! Find more HERE!


Social Medium
Book One: Alice Moore Paranormal Cozies (Paranormal, 2 volumes, ONGOING)

All In A Day’s Haunting

I’d come to terms with what Sadie Hatch did to me five years ago, setting me up to take the fall for her blackmail scheme the way she did. I’d had time, my six months behind bars, to come to terms with my innocence, and subsequent loss of said naiveté. There’d been a time I’d held a grudge, but that time was long gone.
The fact she was dead helped. Did it make me a bad person I wasn’t sorry? Sometimes I wondered. Then again, other times? This life—and the afterlife—had a funny way of evening out the scales of justice. I’d seen it happen often enough to know judging myself for what I was thinking at any given minute was a waste of energy better used in other endeavors.

Medium and paranormal debunker Alice Moore has found romantic bliss for the first time, but her happy heart does nothing to pay the bills. When a fellow ghost hunter hires her and boyfriend Denver Hatch to investigate the haunting of a Florida plantation house, she reluctantly agrees. Roman Ellis isn’t her favorite person in the world, but the money he’s offering is too much to turn down. If only she’d listened to her instincts… when she stumbles over a freshly dead body—the long ago departed more her forte—she’s suddenly in the middle of a murder investigation and her record makes her a suspect. Can she uncover the killer and prove her innocence?
In this spin-off series to the award-winning Fiona Fleming Cozy Mysteries, medium and paranormal blogger/debunker Alice Moore travels the US uncovering truth, fraud and murder!

In love with Alice and her adventures? Find more HERE!

So now that you’ve had a peek, here’s the fun part! Each book included is part of either a complete or ongoing series, so if you fall in love, you’re in luck—no waiting for the sequels! You can find book two and beyond at the links included in the descriptions AND at the end of each book. 
I’m so delighted you’re here. Say hello to Fee, Petal, Georgia, Phoebe and Alice for me and happy reading!

***


Bed and Breakfast and Murder
Fiona Fleming Cozy Mysteries #1

Patti Larsen
Copyright 2016 by Patti Larsen

Find out more about me at
http://www.pattilarsen.com/

***
Cover art (copyright) by Christina G. Gaudet. All rights reserved.
http://castlekeepcreations.com/
Edited by Jessica Bufkin

With my deepest thanks to:
Christina G. Gaudet
Elisabeth Kaufman
Kirstin Lund
Lisa Gilson Noe
Caron Prins
From the bottom of my heart, for saying yes.

***

Chapter One

Doing battle with a clogged toilet was not how I expected my Thursday morning to start. In fact, I had a whole lot of not much in my sights, a veritable plethora of nada, zippo, blessed and delicious time to myself. Hot coffee fresh from the pot, the latest edition of the Reading Reader Gazette spread out on my kitchen island, pajamas still gracing my weary self as I slowly and with great relish devoured a mushroom omelette without a hint of interruption.
I really, really should have known better. It had only been two weeks, but honestly. Owning a B&B was like wrangling a house full of two-year-olds who alternated between cranky demands and petulant whining topped with the biggest messes I’d ever seen in my entire life.
Case in freaking point. I tried not to look down the mouth of hell staring back at me from inside the glaringly pristine outer ceramic shell of the white throne, my throat catching, stomach doing half flips and a rather impressive rollover routine that would have gotten at least a 9.5 even from the Russian judges. Instead, I forced myself to smile and swallow and remind myself the elbow length yellow rubber gloves grasping the handle of the standard issue plunger were all that stood between me and Pooageddon.
A few jabs and weak efforted prods did little to clear the clog. Time to get a bit more vigorous, put my back into it. The soft groaning yawn behind me made me spin with a scowl on my audience of one.
“Do you mind?” I flipped back my auburn bangs, blowing at them to keep them out of my eyes while the portly fawn and black creature staring up at me with bulging eyes huffed in response. “I’m working here.”
Petunia snorted violently, spraying little flecks of moisture on the white tile floor before perking her black ears at me, her squish pug face an equal mix of utter innocence and complete disdain for my present predicament. It wasn’t that it was her fault by any stretch, but she was here and enough of a reminder I’d said yes to this place on purpose I almost tossed the plunger at her.
Suck it up, Fee. Big girl panties and adulting and all that. I glared at the pug and then myself in the mirror as I turned back, catching the wrinkles forming between my eyes despite my twenty-eight (okay, soon to be twenty-nine, but who’s keeping score) years, the tightness of the skin around my bright green gaze. At least I’d had the foresight to put my heavy hair in a pony. The very thought even a scrap of myself could touch that mess unprotected made me want to shave my head.
“At what point,” I waved the dripping plunger at myself, wincing as droplets of yuck flew, “did I think owning a bed and breakfast was going to be glamorous and romantic?”
Petunia yawned, whining in her pug way for me to get on with it then. Jaw clenched and determination in my heart, I went to war.
I found a rhythmic rocking motion seemed to gain me ground, grunting added for good measure. And swearing, lots of swearing. Blaming, too. The damned tourist who decided to use half a roll of toilet paper to clean his precious butt. Mary Jones, my always glass so empty she was dehydrated elderly cleaning lady for telling me in no uncertain terms this was my job. To quote: “I don’t plunge toilets.” And my Grandmother Iris for having the temerity to think that I, Fiona Fleming, city girl who hired a cleaner twice a month so she wouldn’t have to touch dirt would be good at the domestic disgustingness of taking over her prized B&B after she died.
Yes, swearing helped a lot. And actually created energy, oddly enough, as did the horribly phallic feeling action of my labors. As long as no one was videotaping this, I’d pretend it never happened.
Ten minutes later, panting and sweating and, I’m sure, wearing some of the contents of the toilet and unwilling to admit it, I stood triumphant over the offensive wasteland and saluted the empty bowl with my weapon of choice. The satisfying gurgling sound of sludge disappearing down the pipes made my heart sing. Sad, really, that such a horrible affair could bring me so much satisfaction.
But when I spun to receive congratulations from my watcher, the adulation of my biggest fan, I found Petunia had rolled over on her side and went to sleep, her snoring lost until now in the slosh-slosh-slorp of my plunger.
“Typical.” The orange top of my now beloved weapon settled into the white cup at the base of the toilet, squidging as it went. I’d have to make sure Mary cleaned it, at least. As for the throne itself, I sighed at the stench and the excess drips over the edge of the bowl and rather than fight with a seventy-year-old woman about boundaries, dug under the sink for cleaning supplies.
I knew which battles to pick. Fourteen long and educational days in and I’d learned more than I’d ever wanted to about the ins and outs of this new life of mine. Including just how very little the old lady was willing to do to make my life easier.
The bright yellow sponge didn’t stay that color for long while I slopped cleaner into the now working throne and gave it a swipe with about as much enthusiasm as I’d approached this job from the beginning. If anyone had told me six months ago I’d be leaving New York City and my boyfriend of five years to come home to Reading, Vermont of all places, I’d have snorted my half-fat, 1/3 espresso, 2/3 regular, two pumps vanilla, one pump caramel whipped cream and chocolate sprinkles at them. Me and Curtis County at the foothills of the Green Mountains had said sayonara a decade ago as I scrambled my way out of small town blah and into the bright and shiny life of college and real life.
“And exactly how well did that work out for you, Fee Fleming?” I really needed my bangs cut, blowing them out of my way again with an impatient puff out of the corner of my mouth. But I’d paid two hundred bucks for my last trim and I doubted anyone in Reading could deliver.
Come to think of it, maybe there were perks.
Toilet bowl successfully cleaned, I leaned back on my haunches, sneakers squeaking on the tile, rubbing at my forehead with one arm and doing my best not to touch myself with unspeakable grossness. And found, to my surprise as I often did the last two weeks, despite the horrendousness of my existence at times, I actually felt good about being home. Happy, despite my cranky, melancholy staff, my fat pug adoptee, dirty toilets and fussy guests. Home had felt like the last place on Earth I’d ever find myself again and yet home was the best thing that had happened to me in a while.
“Just don’t tell anyone I said so,” I told Petunia who grunted and twitched in her sleep before starting to snore again.
A sniff of the air told me the cleaner had erased most of the stink of the regretful incident. A quick wipe with a towel and I was all set. Unsanitary? Yes, of course and I’d be sure to bleach the crap out of that same towel when I washed it. But I’d had enough of this entire mess and was ready to reemerge the victorious heroine of my own little story.
At least the guests would be happy.
Petunia farted so loudly she woke herself, sitting abruptly upright while the stench of her pug bowels surpassed anything I’d just managed to banish. And that moment that should have been mine, glory gained and earned, turned into a sorry state of affairs when Mary—bless her heart—poked her gray and judging head into the room, nose wrinkled as she took a sniff.
“You’re wanted at the front desk,” she said in her five packs a day though she didn’t smoke voice before disappearing again.
I looked down at my brown bespeckled self and sighed. Of course I was.

***

Chapter Two

I left the bathroom window wide open to the warmth of the July morning, already heating up despite the earliness of the hour. Air conditioning or not, the place needed some fresh breezes and a good smudging. I attempted a brave smile at the embarrassed older gentleman and his irritated wife, the current residents of the Carriage House’s Blue Suite. Mr. and Mrs. Sprindle didn’t comment much, though Mrs. Sprindle did take a minute to huff her robust self in half so she could pat Petunia on the head.
“Adorable,” she said, pink in the cheeks with one hand clutching the front of her matching colored robe shut, rollers protruding from under her kerchief. Who wore rollers anymore? “I love pugs.”
I didn’t offer to send Petunia home with them. Barely. Instead, I left them to their morning, stepping out into the fresh air, exhaling in relief while I peeled away the stinky humidity of the yellow gloves. The sun rose over the mountains, beaming down on the extensive garden that separated the Carriage House (Blue Suite and Yellow Suite) from the main house (six more rooms of varying hues that were appropriately toned to match their names). The restored Colonial took up a double width lot compared to the rest of the street, camped on the end like a white-with-black-trim cap to the picturesque, tree lined small town residential neighborhood. Only a block from the boundaries deemed downtown and the quaint shops and tea rooms that popped up since local mayor, Olivia Walker, began her incessant drive to bring Reading into the present (using tourism to accomplish her implacable mission), Petunia’s Bed and Breakfast was perfectly placed for a quiet and relaxing getaway at the foot of the Green Mountains.
Or had been. I paused in the early morning breeze, letting it blow the stink from my hair—yeah, I chose to believe it was working—and drew a breath while the three giant koi in the carefully manicured pond in the middle of the garden rose to the surface of the still water to take turns touching their large, gaping lips to the pug’s sniffing nose. Fat Benny, the biggest of the bunch, took the most time, but Pudgy Polly and Rotund Rudy had their turns, too.
Not my names, inherited from the old lady with a sense of humor. The best part? Petunia’s. Yes, my grandmother, darling woman that she was, named her B&B after her dog. And not just this one. Oh, no. This particular incarnation of pugliness was the fourth.
Just sit with that for a second. Petunia the Fourth.
I shook my head and carried on, skirting the pond and the creepy orange fish Mary claimed my grandmother loved as much as her chubby canine. At least while the housekeeper and her sister, Betty, my cook, didn’t seem to trust me just yet, Petunia herself had welcomed me with a charming and disconcerting attention that meant she followed me incessantly. Everywhere. All the time. Never, ever leaving me alone at all.
Teeth grind.
If only my ex had been so attentive I’d still be in New York. Then again, would I? I looked up at the towering mountains that felt enough like distant skyscrapers I wasn’t uncomfortable, at the bright, blue sky and the trees with their spreading branches and mingling of oak and maple leaves and sighed. If I was going to be honest with myself, not something I’d been much in the past, I’d have to admit I hadn’t been happy for a long time.
Petunia woofed softly, startling me, just as a piercing voice called my name. I knew before I even turned to look who stood at the fence between our properties, one skinny arm raised, hand flapping in greeting, beaming smile on her wrinkled face. Today, my neighbor Peggy Munroe wore a red bow in her hair, matching one holding the topknot of her creepily silent little dog in an upright flag of caramel fur that made her look like some kind of misshapen alien.
“Good morning, Fiona!” No matter how many times I told her to call me Fee, Peggy insisted on my full name. Because my grandmother did. Sigh. “Trouble in paradise, dear?”
I waved back, not in the mood to stop and chat endlessly with the nosy old woman. Who, I suspected, let her little dog skirt my fence and poop in my bushes. The soft piles of turds I’d uncovered were nowhere the size of Petunia’s big deposits, but I didn’t have proof so I left it alone. For now. “Busy busy as always, Peggy.”
She shook her head, her bow bobbing as her little dog, Cookie, sneezed softly, delicately. “I have no idea what Olivia was thinking,” she said, the same old song and dance conversation starting and exactly what I hoped to avoid. “Luring those developers to our little town, building that big resort and all.” Yes, I’d heard this a million times before already, from her and from Mary and anyone else over the age of sixty-five who lived in Reading their whole lives. I could almost repeat what she was going to say next by rote, lips twitching in the need to mimic her as she went on. “Turned our dear little Reading into a cesspool of criminals and vagabonds.”
“Tourists, you mean,” I said softly, smiling.
She swatted the air in front of her, aimed at me, thin lips a tight line, faded blue eyes a match for her faintly tinted gray hair. “We were doing just fine before all her newfangled ideas.” Did anyone actually talk like that anymore? Clearly Peggy Munroe did. And half the population of this town. Living in a valley surrounded by mountains had an effect on mental development, I guess. Amused, I let her go on, if only to grant me a bit of entertainment after the morning I’d had already and it wasn’t even 8:30. “If it weren’t for that Skip Anderson and the floozy he married…”
“I’m sure Willow Pink would be delighted to be called a floozy.” Though Hollywood had called her worse. Still, she was an A-lister and her husband, said Skip, a famous football star. So I doubted they cared much through their veil of millions and hordes of fans what aging townsfolk naysayers—or the movie reviewers—thought of them.
Peggy snorted, not at all ladylike and reminding me of Petunia. “Well, if those two had the sense to keep our town out of the news like good Reading kids, we wouldn’t be in this predicament.”
True enough, at least. When Olivia asked Reading’s most famous natives to join the tourism promotion team, they stepped up. And had they. Thanks to the new White Valley Ski Resort and Golf Club, Reading was suddenly a hub for tourists flocking to see the homestead of their favorite stars.
“Too late now.” I grimaced at my watch. “Sorry, Peggy. I have to run.”
“Ta-ta then, dear,” she said, all cheerful again while Cookie watched me with what I always imagined to be a plea for mercy and rescue. “Come for tea soon, why don’t you?”
I watched her blue-gray head of curls disappear behind the fence and not for the first time wondered what she found on her side to stand on so she could spy on my garden. Nosy neighbors. It took getting used to again.
Betty made her slow motion way around the kitchen as I entered through the back employee’s door and crossed the tile floor. Head down, tight steely curls in a net that made her look like the crankiest cafeteria lady ever, the rounded bow to her wide back giving the Notre Dame lurker a run for his money, the other half of the Jones sisters ignored me as I intruded on her domain.
“Hi, Betty.” I waved and smiled despite knowing she either didn’t hear me or didn’t care enough to acknowledge my presence. I’d never, in the fourteen days since arriving home and taking over Petunia’s, heard the woman utter a single word. But she had heavy sighing down pat.
The portly pug at my side trotted over to her, abandoning me in favor of the bits of some kind of meat Betty was preparing, delivered from elevation into her gaping mouth. The whites of the pugs eyes showed as she scuttled her butt from side to side, barely able to contain herself.
“Bye, Betty.” I left the faithless dog to her snack, knowing she’d likely get sick later from the excess and that I’d be the one forced to clean it up. But it freed me from her constant plodding attention for the time being.
Kind of insulting, really, she chose food over me every single time.
I really should have taken the effort to scoot downstairs to my apartment and clean up, but as I considered the prospect of meeting whoever waited for me without a skim of fecal matter between us I spotted trouble at the end of the hallway, right at the tall, bright front entry.
Her chatter reached me first, though not the words themselves. It was the tone, the sparkling and overly cheerful, if genuine, rapid fire energy expelling itself from the flapping mouth of my old bestie that drove me down the hall at a clip, past Mary who muttered under her breath about the dirt on my sneakers. Well, she could just do her job and vacuum once in a while. Not my fault the B&B went from sedate one or two bookings a week to over packed and bursting at the seams since the shining lights of Reading sang their siren call to all the good people of the world to come visit now, you hear?
Daisy Bruce, eternal teenage optimist despite our matching chronological ages, turned as I joined her, beaming at me so brightly I longed for a pair of sunglasses to cut the brilliance. Okay, so poor Day. I was, admittedly, a bit grumpy this morning, but could anyone blame me, really? And the towering, broad figure who loomed over my old friend’s slim blondeness wasn’t making me feel like my fortunes had turned.
If anything, the red faced man who might have been a football linebacker in a former decade but had gone too far to beer and burgers for his own good had that kind of expression on his thick lipped face that made me want to back up a step and reassess the situation. His beady blue eyes, so pale they were almost transparent, squinted out of folds, his faintly reddish hair, what was left of it, combed over the shining top of his head. And he had that bully stance, the kind that big men with little care for women seemed to think would make me back down if they just waited long enough.
I lived in New York for five years. We’d just see who backed down first.
“Oh, Fee,” Daisy gushed, grasping my upper arm with both hands as if she had no idea she was transferring unmentionable fluids from myself to her. Her pale gray eyes gleamed with charm and not a whole lot else while she grinned first at me then up at the large man in the jeans and shining silver belt buckle, whose plaid shirt stretched over the round of his protruding belly. Cowboy boots crushed the deep blue carpet beneath him, pointed toes decorated with chrome. “You’re here, at last.” Daisy rolled her eyes and giggled. “I told you she’d be right here, silly.” She released me long enough to playfully slap the man’s forearm, coyness not an act.
“Fiona Fleming?” He smiled, too, but my stomach turned when he did, an oily tone to his deep voice.
I nodded. “Can I help you? Mr…?”
Instead of gracing me with his own name, he extended one big hand toward me. How had I missed the large envelope he held pressed to one leg? I took it out of reflex, confused as I looked down at my name printed on an official looking label in the center. I glanced up to find him turning to leave without even so much as a hint of explanation.
“Excuse me,” I said, the envelope outstretched toward him as if doing so would grant me some kind of insight. “What is this?”
“Deed papers,” he said, grinning now. “Thanks to your grandmother’s dying signature, Petunia’s belongs to me.”
I gaped at him, frozen in place, and watched in growing horror while the big, white door slammed shut behind him.

***

Chapter Three

My astonished and paralyzed state didn’t last long and before I knew I was in motion I found myself jerking open the entry and hurtling down the front steps to the flagstone walk. Even so, the man’s long stride had carried him a great distance and I only caught up as he was climbing into a giant monstrosity of a black SUV. I nabbed his arm, pulling him toward me, though honestly he was twice my size at least and had he wanted to just leave, there wasn’t much I could do to stop him. But he did pause, still grinning, handing me a business card.
“When you’re ready to hand over the keys,” he said, “next day or two would be good for me, I’ll be waiting for your call.”
“There’s obviously some mistake.” My brain fired, spun, wobbled on its axis. This was nuts. My grandmother left Petunia’s to me. Why would she sign it over to some stranger? I glanced down at the card in my hand. Pete Wilkins, Wilkins Construction, Inc. Did I even know him from growing up here? “You’ve obviously got the wrong place.”
“If you’re any longer than forty-eight hours,” he said as if I hadn’t even spoken, “I’ll make sure the sheriff comes along when I take possession.” He snickered at that. Like this was funny. “To give you encouragement to move out.”
Move… “I’m not going anywhere.” Heat washed over me that had nothing to do with the growing temperature of the day, the sun overhead, the July humidity. Now, I’m not saying I have a bad temper, but, well. I am a redhead. Scare me or push me or corner me? Ka-boom. I waved the envelope at him as he climbed into his truck with a grunt, slamming the door. “You’ll be hearing from my lawyer.” Because I had a lawyer. Yikes.
Pete Wilkins leaned out the open window, saluting me with two fingers. “Have a nice day, Miss Fleming,” he said before laughing and keying a button, the whir of rising tinted glass cutting me off.
“Get back here right now!” Oh my god, did I really just stomp my foot on the sidewalk like a little kid having a tantrum? He backed into the street as if he owned it, squealing his tires when he drove off while I shook and shouted at his retreating license plate. “I want an explanation for this!”
“Fee?” Daisy’s soft and worried tone didn’t help at all. If anything, her timidity made things worse. I spun on her, spotted a pair of guests staring, Peggy Munroe observing from her front door. Confrontation was a spectator sport in Reading, was that it? “Is everything okay?”
She will never know how much inner strength and fortitude it took not to smack her with the damned envelope I clutched so tightly in my hand my fingers were tingling. She did have the good sense to back up a pace, though, and my guests, suitcases in hand, hurried inside as if I might blow at any moment. As for Peggy, she didn’t comment, she and Cookie going inside as if disappointed there wouldn’t be fireworks.
As for me, I inhaled. Exhaled. And dropped Pete Wilkins’s card on the sidewalk before carefully and precisely shredding it under my sneaker.
“We have guests,” I said abruptly to Daisy and stomped back inside.
Thursday was turnover heavy, one of my busiest days, and instead of being able to take my time and peruse the clearly mistaken document that remained hidden inside the large envelope, I instead shoved it into a drawer at the sideboard that housed the computer in the foyer and got back to work.
Cleaning and check-ins and a long, weary day later and I realized I hadn’t had a chance to even change out of the stinky clothes I’d worn to clean the toilet in the Blue Suite. With a last sigh of disgust at myself, stomach growling from lack of dinner, I finally paused in the front hall near the desk and removed the envelope. Looked up around the beautifully decorated front entry with its delightful crystal light fixtures and vaulted ceiling, the bright, white wooden slats and soft blue walls. My grandmother’s taste had been impeccable, to say the least. There was nothing old fashioned or creepy about Petunia’s. In fact, I loved it, more than I’d care to admit, even after this short time as the mistress of this place.
If these papers were legit, how was I going to bear giving up this life I thought would rescue me from myself?
“It’s going to be okay, Fee,” Daisy said, coming to my side, voice still soft and apologetic. “Won’t it?”
I had a very, very bad feeling it wasn’t. But the initial burn of fury was gone, leaving behind the kind of sick knotting that usually led to me making terrible life choices. “Sure it will,” I said. “Can you handle things here for a bit?”
Bless her, she didn’t do a whole lot, really not suited to working for me on the physical, manual labor side. But I didn’t have the heart to fire her—considering I hadn’t officially hired her in the first place—when she’d bustled back into my life like an excited kid whose favorite toy had been found after long absence. And she really was good with the guests. Like Petunia, they treated her as if her adorableness was endearing so I shrugged off her lack of focus and ability in the bed making and bathroom cleaning department and let her handle the desk.
“Of course,” she gushed. “You can count on me.” She saluted, cute little flowered sundress as flawless as when she’d arrived this morning, perfectly polished nails unchipped. And while leaving her in charge likely meant a disaster waiting to happen, I had to face this ridiculous prospect I might not really own Petunia’s after all.
With the envelope clutched in my hand and the waddling pug on a leash at my side, I strode out of the front door and down the street at a smart clip. My temper pushed me faster and faster, only to hear the chuffing puffs of protest that spun me around. Petunia now strolled behind me—way behind me—her short legs plodding under her round body, tongue hanging at a comical angle, corkscrew tail wagging its jolly best as she tried to keep up. The harness around her chest sat askew, retractable leash at its maximum reach.
“You could have stayed home.” Annoyance at her helped cut the edge of my worry as Petunia finally joined me and sat on her haunches, back legs tucked sideways under her as if she planned to stay a while. She grumbled a few pug things at me, ending in a soft growling bark that told me exactly what she thought of me leaving her behind.
“Fine,” I said, spinning and marching on, though at a pace more suited to Petunia this time. “But don’t you dare tell Mom you missed dinner. I know Betty gave you seconds.”
The pug burped softly before farting with great enthusiasm.
Almost enough to make me smile.
I rounded the end of the block and past a short, white picket fence, the familiar sight of my father’s pickup truck and Mom’s cute little custom pink Volkswagen Beetle crowding their narrow driveway. At least they were both home. I was going to need the two of them on this, I had a feeling, even if just to commiserate on my loss if it came to that.
I wasn’t expecting the sight of the big, white sheriff’s truck parked across the street, nor of the tall, broad shouldered and white hatted uniform who strode out the front door of my parent’s rancher with a tip of his brim, boots thudding on the patio stones as he sauntered down the walk as if he knew just how freaking delicious he looked 24/7.
Sheriff Crew Turner paused at the gate, grinning at Petunia who he bent to give a good scratch behind one ear before he squinted up at me, blue eyes narrowed against the sun setting behind the mountains. It gave him a rugged appearance, like he’d strode out of a cowboy movie though I knew for a fact he was from southern California and not somewhere as cliché as Wyoming or Texas.
“Miss Fleming.” He’d yet to call me Fee, and while we’d only met once, in passing, a week ago when he took over as county sheriff from my dad, I figured first name basis was a good place to start.
“Just Fee,” I said. “Sheriff.”
He stood, frowning slightly, eyes catching the envelope, my obvious upset. Because I’d never been able to hide it when I was ready to lose my mind, uh-huh. The whole world knew when Fiona Fleming was pissed. “Problem?”
“Personal.” I really should have tried harder with him, considering there weren’t many manly options around here, but it had been a hell of a day. As much as I would have loved to flirt and maybe do something about that handsomeness that involved wine and dinner, not only was I in a terrible mood, surely I still stank, even after all the hours I’d put between me and the carriage house toilet incident.
Crew glanced back over his shoulder and I followed his gaze, to find my father, just as tall and wide through the shoulders, really a carbon copy of the new sheriff if three decades older, glaring at the two of us like having a conversation was against the law. Dad chose to retire, so it wasn’t like he resented Crew for taking his job. Or maybe he did?
“Nice to see you again, Miss… Fee.” Crew tipped his hat, black hair falling over his eyes before smiling down at the panting pug. “Madam Petunia.” And then he walked away and I wished I didn’t have this crap to deal with so I could find out if it was just the cut of his jeans that made his butt look so damned fine.
What? I was due some distraction, thank you.
With a heavy heart and a terrible feeling, I plodded to the door and looked up at my dad.
“I think I’m in trouble,” I said. And handed him the unopened envelope.

***

Chapter Four

Mom was at the kitchen sink when Dad led the way through the front door and to the back of the house. I loved their open concept with the vaulted ceilings and newly renovated clean lines. Dad had always seemed content with the seventies-esque feel of the place, but it was nice to see my mother finally got her way when Dad decided it might be time to think about retirement.
“I honestly believe he didn’t want to spend every day home hearing me complain about the cabinets and carpeting,” she admitted in a girly giggle that made me smile just a week ago over coffee.
My socks skidded on the newly polished hardwood floors as I scuffed my feet on my way through to the marble tiles that glowed in the sunlight, the slab of granite Mom chose a hulking monstrosity on the surface of the large island she decided on for the centerpiece of the new kitchen. The last of the sunbeams poured in the sliding glass doors, lighting the room in a heavenly glow that instantly made me feel better. I sighed as I hugged Mom, her cheek against mine, matching auburn hair without a hint of gray, though I knew she had a box to thank for that. Still, her lack of wrinkles and constant cheery expression gave me hope I’d age gracefully.
Either that or I’d end up like my mountain of a Dad with a permanently grouchy look on my face. I’d pick Mom’s sunny optimism any day. Too bad it didn’t pick me back.
“Sweetie!” Mom spun toward the counter and the glass enclosed sculpture of chocolate standing on a charming pedestal. She swept the cover free, gesturing to the untouched cake that lured me like the call of a distant siren. “I just finished frosting it. Want a slice?” She didn’t wait for an affirmation, carving out a gigantic piece from the three tiered deliciousness while the scent of cocoa and way too much sugar wafted toward me thanks to the slowly revolving white fan blades turning in lazy relief of the heat over my head. Great reminder I hadn’t eaten and probably not the best choice on an empty stomach. But eggs, flour, milk—food groups, right? And worth the sore tummy and the inevitable sugar crash.
“Thanks, Mom,” I said. “I could use a little TLC after the day I’ve had.”
She paused to share a sad face. “I wish you’d just let me help you at the house,” she said. “I’m happy to do it, Fee.”
“You have earned your retirement,” I shook my head as I leaned on the counter, body tired now that I’d stopped for a minute. “And I should be able to handle one bed and breakfast. Right?” My mouth watered while I accepted the plate from her, the idea of the chocolatey deliciousness almost more than I could stand.
“You know how much I love to cook,” she said. “I’m dying to try some new recipes. You could expand, offer lunch.”
I hesitated with a bite of cake near my lips. “Would you fire Betty for me?”
Mom flinched then laughed, blushing. “Listen to me, being so rude. Of course not. Betty and Mary have been with Iris and Petunia’s for simply ages.” She looked down at the hopeful pug sitting at her feet, the whites of her bulging eyes showing as if anticipating a treat. “Hasn’t she, good girl?”
Petunia whined softly and licked her lips.
“Don’t even think about it.” I waved my fork at Mom who seemed to be considering the unthinkable. “The pug doesn’t get sugar.” Or chocolate. All I needed was my grandmother to come back to haunt me because I poisoned her precious Petunia.
Dad grunted, opening the envelope as he raised one bushy gray eyebrow at her. “Sure, Fee gets offered,” he said, sounding much more grumpy than he really was. I knew from experience how much he loved teasing his beloved wife. “And the damned dog. But I want some? Forget it.”
“You,” she spun and tapped him on the back of one hand with the spatula, dotting frosting on his skin, “are on a diet.” She tossed her full head of hair and winked at me, even as she ladled a second piece onto a plate, just as big as the first, followed by a more modest one for herself.
Ah, the parent dance. It hadn’t changed one bit since I was a kid. So predictably sweet and endearing. And made me feel almost instantly like I was ten again. Not necessarily the best reaction when I had very grown up things to worry about. But it was nice to perch on the soft seat of the stool at the island and take a big, heavenly bite of Mom’s prized chocolate cake and let my father read over the paperwork that dread had kept me from opening myself.
Sure, I was a big girl now. But that didn’t mean I couldn’t find support and love from the two people who brought me into the world while cold milk and cake healed the hurt in my heart.
Dad didn’t touch his dessert, starting to swear softly under his breath, eyebrows meeting in the middle while his cheeks turned first pink then dark red. The tendons in his neck stood out in impressive ropes and I only then wondered if I’d made a huge mistake not breaking this whole mess to him more gently. After all, it was his mother who supposedly signed away the B&B, right? While dying from the deterioration brought on by a debilitating stroke in a nursing home. I really was an idiot.
Mom leaned in, one hand on his wrist, concerned expression making me feel worse. I swallowed hastily and spoke up as Dad continued to read and mutter swearwords that made me wince.
“Supposedly,” I said, looking back and forth between them, “Grandmother Iris signed paperwork that deeded Petunia’s to some guy named Pete Wilkins.” Mom hissed a sharp intake of breath, green eyes flashing to Dad who crumpled the papers in one giant hand and tossed them to the marble countertop.
“We’ll just see about that.” And then he stormed out like a marching juggernaut on his way to do damage. I gaped after him and his sudden departure, cake forgotten.
“Oh, dear,” Mom sighed, staring down at her own slice. “This is terrible.”
“You’re not kidding,” I said. “Could it be real?” This was the first time I actually allowed myself to accept fully it might be, absolutely, and that my whole reason for coming home was about to fall out from under me. A gaping maw of panic rose up inside me, choking my breath. What would I do? Where would I go? I couldn’t, at almost twenty-nine, move back in with my parents. Wouldn’t. But returning to New York? That was impossible now. I’d burned that bridge. Dear God, what was I going to do?
Mom must have known my head was spinning because she scooted around the island and took the stool Dad vacated, leaning in to hug me before carefully smoothing out the wrinkles and then perusing the paper he’d discarded. Her years as an English teacher might not have made her a lawyer, but she taught Law, too, so she at least would know something, right?
She finally slipped the offending sheets, still wonky from Dad’s furious attention, back into the envelope and set them before her, little hands folding over the surface, covering my name with those familiar fingers. My eyes settled on the ridges of skin that were the proof of years of contentment cupping the wedding band and engagement ring she’d worn since she was eighteen. Coral polish shone on her perfectly oval nails, faintly blue veins showing under the thinning skin. Weird how those details came into sharp focus for me at a time like this, but I found the longer I stared at those hands I knew so well, hands I’d missed being away from this long, the deeper I was able to breathe and the more my rational thoughts returned, banishing the panic until I was able to concentrate when Mom spoke.
“John will blame himself for this,” she said, tears in her eyes. “There’s old, bad blood between him and Pete, Fee. And it has nothing to do with you, or Iris. So sad.” Mom shook her head, stared down into Dad’s untouched cake. “But don’t worry a bit, all right? Your father will get this sorted. There’s not a single thing to fuss over.” She grasped and squeezed my hand, forced a brave little smile. “Okay, sweetie? Not a single thing.”
That routine worked when I was a kid. But I wasn’t so sure Mom’s goodness and light was going to come to the rescue this time. Not that I didn’t appreciate the effort.
“What bad blood?” I reached for the envelope, hating the thing now though I personally hadn’t looked at the contents and it was just paper and ink. Soulless, impersonal. Not worthy of hate, really.
Mom sniffled and stood, taking Dad’s plate, replacing carefully the slice of uneaten cake on the glass pedestal, doing the same with her own, before setting the cover softly on the base. “It doesn’t matter now,” she said. “John’s retired. It’s Crew Turner’s problem from here.”
So this was a criminal matter turned personal? “Mom,” I said. “I’d better call a lawyer.”
She turned and smiled again, not quite so fake anymore. “Just let your father talk to Pete,” she said. “I’m sure he’ll get it all sorted out.” She hesitated before her chin dropped a little, brave face fading. “You have his mind, his passion for truth. I wish…”
I didn’t want to talk about Dad’s insistence I not follow in his footsteps, the only thing I’d ever really wanted. Too depressing.
Mom must have agreed. “Eat your cake, Fee.”
And while it was probably the last thing I wanted to do now, I did as I was told like a good girl. By the time I was done, Mom standing in contemplative silence in the slowly darkening kitchen so long my last few bites were like eating in the most uncomfortable quiet of my entire life, I had to choke down the final swallow. When I rose to take the plate and fork to the sink, turning on the light under the counters to cut the shadows, she jerked into motion again, her beaming smile firmly in place, Petunia snuffling at her feet as a few crumbs fell when Mom scooped the dishes out of my hands.
“Now, don’t forget, six o’clock Saturday,” she said, depositing the plate and fork into the sink before turning me and aiming me for the front door. So, time to go then, was it? I grabbed the envelope, Petunia trailing mournfully after me. “Dinner for my birthday. You won’t forget?”
She sounded worried. I turned and hugged her. “I wish you’d let us take you out. Or at least allow me to cook for you.”
Mom beamed then, kissing my cheek, bending to pat Petunia’s wrinkled head. “The very best gift I can receive is to cook whatever I want for my own birthday.” She nodded sharply once with a gleam in her eyes. “I can’t wait.”
Petunia grunted while Mom ushered us smoothly out the door and waved. I gave up trying to argue, impressed as always at how deft she seemed to be, the effortless way she managed to shoo me along, and finished sliding my heels into my sneakers before heading for home.
The second my feet hit the sidewalk, street lights flickering to life despite the fact on the other side of the mountains the sun still shone, a horrible thought struck me. I really was going to need a lawyer. And I knew a good one, a damned good one with tons of experience and enough motivation to represent me for free I’d likely win no matter what kind of paperwork Pete Wilkins thought he had against me.
The only trouble was that lawyer was my ex. And I just wasn’t willing to go there.
Sighing over the Pandora’s box of my history and hoping Mom’s attempt at reassurance meant I could keep Ryan Richards safely in the past, I slumped my way home to the B&B while the namesake of that same place grunted and snorted and farted beside me.

***
Chapter Five

This time, the walk wasn’t fueled by anger, and rather than forcing myself to stroll I took my time easily. Settling into Petunia’s waddling pace gave me the minutes I needed to sort out my head so when I at last set foot on the bottom step of the B&B’s front entry, any plans to make a hasty call to New York and the guy I’d left behind were firmly and completely squashed flat and forced into a tiny compartment of nope in the back of my mind reserved for idiot decisions that never saw the light of day.
Big girl, here.
I bent and scratched Petunia’s ears, making her groan in delight, her bulging eyes closing as she leaned into my hands. “Thanks for the company,” I said, kissing the top of her wrinkled brow. “We’ll get this sorted, pug. Won’t we?”
She snorted in my face before lolling out her tongue like she was laughing at me, cinnamon bun tail wriggling. A face only a pug lover could adore and I guess I was turning into one.
I wasn’t even in the front door when I heard Daisy’s raised voice, grateful to have her here despite her bumbling at times, just so I could have some time outside these walls. Really not in the mood for people but not having a choice, I plastered on a smile and greeted my late arriving guests while my old bestie beamed at me like she hadn’t been working all day already.
If only I could be that kind of charismatic extrovert. I think I’d choke myself.
Daisy sent off for the evening and the Jones sisters long since departed at their appointed hour, I was on my own the rest of the evening, a giant jigsaw puzzle of guests, putting out fires—figurative and literal when Petunia knocked over a candle someone left burning—and general business that tended to drop me onto my private couch in the basement apartment by 9PM every night. And though it was taking some getting used to, I wasn’t complaining.
I should have been. Being home raised a lot of old stuff, my desire to pursue law enforcement crushed by Dad not the very least of my ancient aches. Mom had to bring it up, didn’t she? And seeing Crew in that uniform, well. It wasn’t just his well-formed behind in those jeans that made me sigh. Those could have been my jeans.
Okay, that didn’t exactly come out right. “You’ll forgive my line of thinking,” I said to Petunia, amused by her head tilt and giant eyes as she quickly licked her lips of the last of her evening snack in silent plea for more food. “What I meant to say was if things were different, if I’d ignored Dad and gone for it, would I be in Crew’s place right now?” At Crew’s place, candle light, bottle of wine…
This was just too confusing, even for me.
I fell into bed a short time later, mind spinning with minutia as if to distract me from the real issue that loomed over my head. The paperwork I still hadn’t looked too closely at, the envelope lurking in my kitchen, left there to haunt me as if it could sprout legs and ease its nasty self into my bedroom, slip up onto the comforter and smother me in malicious glee in the middle of the night.
It didn’t help Petunia peered over the edge of the bed at me, those soulful eyes begging for an invitation. The padded, carpeted staircase my grandmother had left at the foot of the bed for her beloved pug had been immediately relocated to the closet night one together, about the same time Petunia thought my pillow was an ideal place to nap.
“Sorry, pug,” I said, firmly closing my eyes to her desperate cuteness. “You have a perfectly good bed on the floor. I suggest you get used to it.” Because I didn’t share. Except maybe with the right man in uniform…
Oh, Fee.
Petunia sighed and stared.
“Well, what do you think I should do?” I couldn’t help but think about Ryan and the warm spot that used to be full of him. Back when I had no idea he was a cheating ass who had no regard for the fact I’d put his sorry butt through law school as a barista/waitress/office assistant/anything I could work at that would pay me while still sucking out my soul. Not his fault, I guess, I could never decide what I wanted to be for the rest of my life. But the cheating? On his conscience.
I was still trying to figure out my own path even now, though the idea I could turn into my grandmother, spend the rest of my life running this place, didn’t sound so bad, despite my old need to escape Reading’s tiny, judging clutches. “Do I call him or not?”
The pug chuffed softly, ending in a whining yawn.
“You’re right,” I said, turning over, punching my pillow with vigor and determination. “We can handle it, can’t we? Best to let that particular dog lie.” I looked up, winced at her scrunched expression. “No offense intended.”
Another chuff and a deeper sigh. She finally turned and sank to the floor, ignoring the expensive bed I’d gone out and acquired for her so I didn’t have to feel guilty not letting her sleep with me. Because I didn’t feel badly she spent her every night with my grandmother on this very bed but had been doomed to an existence on the cold, hard floor for the rest of her life because I was selfish.
At least, that’s what I imagined she was thinking. Not me. Nope. No guilt here.
I faded out to the sound of her high-pitched barking as she chased something in her sleep.
***
I woke briefly, disoriented and cotton mouthed, blearily raising my head, eyes settling on the clock next to my bed. 2:34, far too early to be getting up just yet. What prodded me awake? Only then did I see Petunia standing next to the bed, staring up at me. The whites of her eyes showed, gleaming in the low light of the clock’s red glow. Refusing to be freaked out by the demonic appearance of my grandmother’s portly pug, I turned over, snuggling my pillow again even as Petunia woofed once, softly and questioningly, before I fell into deep slumber again.
***
Surely 5:45 was early enough to catch the two Jones sisters not yet at their posts. I’d added an extra five minutes each morning the past two weeks just to see if I could catch them before they arrived. But sneaking up the back stairs to the kitchen proved my attempt to win this particular battle was foiled again.
There they were, both of them. Looking about as perky as they ever did. Standing by the stove, drinking coffee like they’d been here for hours. I knew they both left. I watched them go each evening—if missing their departure last night—at precisely 5 o’clock like they had things to attend to and not a second later. Maybe they both snuck back in the middle of the night and slept in a closet just so they could beat me to the kitchen every damned time?
I forced a smile on and entered like I owned the place. Which was in question, wasn’t it? “Good morning, ladies.” At least I sounded chipper if I didn’t feel it.
Petunia bypassed me, huffing toward the back door and the garden to do her business. I held the screen open for her while the sisters in dourness stared at me over the rims of their mugs.
“Miss Fleming,” Mary said for both of them. Just like every other morning. The corner of my right eye twitched and I suddenly wondered if they were the cause of my grandmother’s death. Their relentless humdrumness finally killed her and would be the end of me, too, wouldn’t it? I had a horrible, lurking terror in that moment I’d wake up twenty years from now with the doldrum sisters, wrinkled and shaking, still staring at me like they’d never, ever accept me.
Coffee would save me. I lunged for the pot only to have Betty hand me a cup. I knew before I sipped it not only was it still hot, but perfectly flavored to my exact specifications. Which just made me want to throw it in the sink and drink tea.
“Thanks,” I said, trying to sound like I meant it.
“Funny she’s barking.” Mary nodded to silent Betty. “She never barks.”
I glanced at the back door, freezing in place. I’d missed it in my descent into irritated misery, the sound of Petunia through the kitchen door. They were right. Curiosity lured me, drew me out into the garden, following the path and the sound of her puggy protesting. The old English garden feel made the place a bit of a maze at times. I circled the pond and the towering grasses waving in the breeze and froze as the view cleared, my eyes and brain having a bit of a cha-cha for a moment while someone screamed.
I’m pretty sure it wasn’t me.
Nope, not me. Mrs. Sprindle, in fact, her pink slippers wet at the toes as she stared down into the water, the trio of fat, orange fish poking the swollen, staring face of Pete Wilkins beneath the surface. A thin stream of blood flowed from beneath his thin hair like a flag of crimson that slowly faded away as the water diffused it.
The very man I wished would burn in hell for all eternity. Dead. In my koi pond.
Was it wrong I instantly wondered what this meant for his claim on Petunia’s? And that the look on the now silent pug’s face as she panted and squatted nearby gave me the impression she was delighted with this turn of events?

***

Chapter Six

In a normal, well-adjusted and orderly world, Petunia’s would have been shut down in about a heartbeat, the place swarmed with cops, my week of income ruined and a plethora of furious and frustrated guests hammering me with their unhappiness with the fact my bed and breakfast was no longer available for their vacationing needs.
But this was Reading, Vermont. And I hadn’t forgotten just how little this town I grew up in followed anything resembling ordinary.
About three seconds after my morning-addled mind processed the dead guy in my water feature, another two or so seconds following the end of Mrs. Sprindle’s echoing shriek that told me she likely had a history in theater or professional music, and maybe about a heartbeat before I could draw a breath and utter the horrible thought out loud this was probably the best way my morning could have gone, Mary’s graveled voice echoed toward me from the kitchen door.
“Better call the sheriff,” she said. Dear God, did she actually sound bored?
I stumbled to the main house and dialed the requisite 9-1-1 before collapsing onto a stool and hugging myself briefly, a chill passing over my entire body though the morning was already warm. How long I sat there I have no idea, except the first thing to shake me out of my guilty near hysteria that the man who wanted to take Petunia’s from me was now all kinds of dead wasn’t a deputy or the sheriff or even my dad.
No. The firm hand on my arm with the crisp, nude nail polish and the tasteful diamond ring squeezed with the kind of attention one attributed to a politician. I looked up, dazed, lost, into the professionally concerned and yet kind face of Mayor Olivia Walker.
“Darling Fiona,” she said, guiding me to my feet with her continuing grip on my elbow. We’d met once, so when I became her darling I have no idea. It was nice to have the comfort, though. I staggered upright, nodded to her, gulped. “Are you all right?”
Considering there was a dead man in my koi pond and, now that I thought about it, I was probably a suspect, wasn’t I? Yeah, not so all right.
“What are you doing here?” Not that I meant to be rude, but you can imagine my confusion. I’d called the police, not the middle-aged, pant suited and perfectly put together leader of our fair little town.
She didn’t seem to take the question personally, kind smile refusing to quit past her precise lip liner. “I was in the sheriff’s office when the call came in, my dear,” she said. Finally released my arm and patted my shoulder with efficiency and charm that only made my confusion worse. “I’m here for you in this terrible time.”
“I didn’t know you were a lawyer.” I stared mournfully at the deputies and paramedics who, I now noticed, trundled past, nodding to me or ignoring me on their way by.
“You won’t be needing a lawyer, Fiona,” Olivia said with a crisp kind of command that perked me up despite my disorientation. Petunia grumbled a bit and only then did I notice she’d come to sit at my feet, watching with her black ears cocked. “Petunia’s is a valuable addition to this town’s tourism economy and I will not see you closed down for one instant. No matter the circumstances.”
She what? I gaped while Olivia half turned and nodded brusquely to Crew who came to a halt next to us. I could barely meet his eyes, breath held so long black spots danced in my vision while he scowled down at her like I wasn’t even there.
“Police procedure,” he said through gritted teeth. “I can’t have guests trampling the crime scene.”
“And I won’t have you sully the good name of this bed and breakfast or its host in the eyes of the world.” I shook my head as Olivia tucked one arm through mine, her pale yellow suit jacket making my skin look sallow. I just didn’t have her olive complexion, black hair or dark brown eyes. It worked really well for her, though. And clearly I’d lost my mind because instead of worrying about the dead dude I was comparing skin tones and color combinations.
Marvelous start to a Friday. Well, at least I wasn’t plunging a toilet. Yet.
“Madam Mayor,” Crew said, still completely ignoring me, his brow pulled into lines over his eyes, tan doing nothing to hide the redness of his face as his temper visibly grew. Damn, he was cute when he was pissed. “You do realize a man has died here.”
“A most unfortunate event.” The mayor tugged me closer, shaking her head and tsking her sympathy. “Was he a tourist?” That was the first time she seemed even remotely worried for real.
“No,” I managed. “Local.”
Crew scowled at me at last while Olivia’s faint, sympathetic smile returned, grip all the tighter on my arm. “Well, then I’m sure you’ll agree, Sheriff, any local would want our economy to thrive and grow, not be affected by their passing. Especially considering this is a big weekend for Reading and the lodge is full to capacity.”
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing but was in no position to fight her. Not while a mix of shock and still threatening hysterical laughter bubbled in my stomach and threatened to spin me to the big sink where I could noisily throw up everything I’d ever eaten. Ever.
“You don’t get to dictate—”
Olivia’s smile slipped as she leaned in to the still protesting Crew.
“You clean this up,” she hissed, all pretense gone, “and get that body out of here before the whole town sees it. And Petunia’s stays open. I mean it, Crew. You think I’ve been a hard ass since you took over? Think that parking dispute was any indication of how far I’ll go?” Um, what? “You haven’t seen anything yet.” She jerked on my arm slightly before seeming to realize what she’d done. Olivia’s dark brown eyes caught mine, not a trace of caring there. But she did care, at least for this town, and if her being a pit bull about tourism meant I stayed open…
Crew knew he’d lost from the look of utter fury on his face. Again his eyes flickered to me. Did he blame me for this? Instead of commenting, he pushed past both of us, bellowing orders I barely caught as I sagged into the stool again while Olivia brushed at the front of her jacket.
“You have an instant of trouble from that young man,” she said, “and you call my office immediately.”

***

Chapter Seven

She left me there, her previously unseen assistant hurrying after her, the petite young man in the precision suit that could have been from New York waving to me on the way by. I’d never even met him, but I waved back anyway.
Did she control the media, too, our mayor? I could only believe that was the case because as the next hour unfurled with lengths of yellow police tape and a firm and unhappy speech from Crew to my guests about staying behind the line while the whispering gathering snapped photos of Pete Wilkins’s sheet covered body being wheeled out of my garden, not one reporter made an appearance.
Well, Reading only had one reporter. But still.
I stood off to one side as the bulk of the deputies left. By bulk, I mean two, leaving Robert Carlisle behind. My first cousin wasn’t my favorite person in the whole world—we’d spent enough rivalry energy as kids trying to make each other kiss dirt to really get along—and the fact he’d decided to pursue the career I’d always longed for didn’t endear him to me any.
Especially because he told me at high school graduation the only reason he was going to the academy was because I couldn’t. Jerk.
Rather than engage him in any kind of attempt to pretend I was civil right now, I stayed out of the way, unable to stop myself, however, from lingering near the police tape, staring into the pond where the three fat koi swam, a mix of horror and relief so at odds I was sure I was going to explode. So wrong to be grateful the hideous man was dead. And yet he was dead. On my property. What was he doing here? And when did he die? I’d poked around enough in forensics out of curiosity over the years it was pretty obvious he hadn’t been there long. A few hours? And what was that odd, round impression in the dirt next to the rock border of the pond? Not very big—about the circumference of the top of an old fashioned glass ketchup bottle and maybe an inch deep—but pretty obvious. Looked ridged, a near perfect mirror image to whatever left it there. Impossible to miss, really. Did the deputies photograph it? I had to clench my hands on my biceps to keep from moving closer to look.
Okay, I might end up a suspect, but I didn’t kill him, so it was all good. And while the immediate issue was out of the way, he had to have heirs. Did that mean whoever inherited from him owned Petunia’s? Was it even a valid claim now? Who did I track down and shake really hard to find out?
Hey, was that blood on that rock? I’d seen a faint trail of it in the water coming from the back of Pete’s head. Did it mean he’d slipped and fallen, that his death was an accident? Hang on, there was more blood. No, wait. Something red, though, dangling from Fat Benny’s gross fishy lips.
“Robert.” I really didn’t want to talk to him but someone needed to know. “I think they missed something.”
I pointed at the scrap of what looked like cloth, grimaced when my cousin leaned in around me, thumbs tucked in his belt and grinned past his ridiculous black mustache that made him look like a refugee from the 70’s disco scene.
“You cracked the case, Fanny,” he said. “Guess we’ll have to take the fish in for questioning.”
His guffawing laughter echoed back and forth between the main and carriage house as if to prove to me he was funny. The hated nickname he’d used against me like a weapon since we were five years old reverberated in my brain, setting off firework explosions of rage that likely did permanent damage. His attempt to rile me up as a kid with the obvious reference to my butt had turned into a sly maliciousness he’d never grown out of. I really needed to get out of there. I couldn’t keep my mind on one track for long. Punching Robert in the nose was probably not a great choice at this point. And looking back at the crime scene did me no favors. Not when it seemed like the long, smooth scuff at the base of the pond could have been the mark of an expensive boot sliding on the mud.
“Miss Fleming.” I spun with a bit of a shriek, hands flying to cover my mouth, hating that I’d been caught not only snooping—I  hadn’t realized I’d come to the edge of the police tape and was leaning in to look at the crime scene—but sounded guilty about it. About a lot of things. The sheriff didn’t look very understanding, either.
“Sorry.” I backed up and leaped to one side when Petunia yelped, bent to massage her paw in apology for her, too. This morning needed to be over.
“I don’t appreciate being told how to run my crime scene, Miss Fleming.” Crew crossed his arms over his chest and clenched his jaw. So much for calling me Fee. “While I realize it’s not your fault,”—why did he sound like that was questionable?—“I’ll be leaving a deputy here to enforce the security of the scene. Just in case.”
I nodded quickly. “Anything I can do, Sheriff.”
His scowl didn’t lighten. “I think you’ve done enough.” That stink eye look. What the hell did that mean exactly? He just admitted the whole Olivia thing wasn’t on me. Tell me handsome and jerk didn’t go hand in hand in this case. Though, I had to admit, I was grateful for his attitude because it snapped me out of the fugue of weirdness and shock that had held me all morning.
“Was it an accident?” I gestured behind me. “Looks like blood on the rock. There was more in the water. Slip marks in the mud could be from a man’s shoe.” Or smooth bottomed cowboy boot.
When I turned back, Crew’s eyes had narrowed so far I wished I’d kept my mouth shut.
“Don’t mind my cousin,” Robert laughed. “She’s daddy’s girl. But she’s no detective, are you, Fanny?”
If I could have committed murder, it would have been Robert’s right then.
“If you want to be a police officer,” Crew said, “go to school. But being a sheriff’s daughter doesn’t qualify you to consult on my cases.”
Double dose of jerk. Fine then, they could be that way. Except he was right, of course, and I was out of line. Except this was my life we were talking about. And I knew enough to be able to read evidence. Guess I had to keep that to myself from now on.
From now on? Like a trail of murders was going to haunt me the rest of my life and make this a common problem or something. Seriously.
“Any idea what Mr. Wilkins was doing on your property?”
And there it was. The elephant in the room question I was hoping he wouldn’t ask me. Not like I got a chance to answer it, anyway. Not with the most helpful and thoughtful of best friends in the world who, with a beaming smile and a breathless, wide eyed grasp at Crew’s sleeve, stabbed me in the heart and the back with one bright, cheerful statement.
“He said he was Petunia’s new owner,” Daisy said. “Showed up yesterday with papers and everything.” I almost groaned. “Isn’t that right, Fee?”
Crew’s arched eyebrows told me everything I needed to know. I’d just graduated from pain in his ass to Fiona Fleming, suspect numero uno.

***
Chapter Eight

The hard, wooden seat across from the big, wooden table in the small, wooden room hurt my butt. About as much as knowing Daisy, as sweet as she was and as hard as she tried, had not only tossed me to the wolf that Crew had turned into, but had done so with a smile on her face and not a trace of awareness she’d thrown my carcass under the bus.
My suffering cheeks sighed as I shifted and tried to get more comfortable while the blah blah blah of the sheriff’s voice washed over me. Because the questions he asked me? Yeah, I’d heard them three times already and stammered through answers all three times, thanks.
I wasn’t an idiot. My dad was sheriff for years in this small town and I’d watched enough bad TV to know this kind of pushy, bossy and endlessly wearying tactic was meant to make me break down and cry or confess or something equally stupid. Except I had a secret weapon. See, the five years I’d lived with my lawyer boyfriend, I’d learned how to block him out when he went off on his arrogant spiels about people and things that I didn’t give a crap about. Just tuned his ass out completely and thought about things that mattered to me. Even learned to nod and grunt at appropriate moments, so honestly? Being questioned by Crew Turner wasn’t that big a deal.
From the increasing redness of his face and the way his shoulders had bunched, he knew he wasn’t getting through to me the way he would have liked, though. I wasn’t intentionally trying to piss him off. I just didn’t know how else to tell him I hadn’t drowned that jerk Wilkins in my koi pond regardless of the means, motive and opportunity Crew seemed to think made me his main and only suspect.
“Let’s get this straight, for the record.” I tuned back in because it sounded for a moment like he might finally be wrapping up. But nope, not really. Just reiterating what I said in prep for another round of Fiona Fleming, heartless murderer. “You were presented with paperwork that cedes ownership of your B&B by the victim less than twenty-four hours before finding him dead in your back yard—”
“Garden,” I muttered for the fourth time because he didn’t get the terminology the first three and why, oh why was it men didn’t know how to listen?
“—and have no idea how it happened, who killed him or why he died in your pond. Nor do you have an alibi aside from sleeping because no one saw you doing it.” He sounded like he believed me. Not. I opened my mouth to protest and his index finger shot into the air, a hissing intake of breath silencing me. “Correction. Aside from your pug, Petunia.”
Well, maybe he was listening and was being purposely obtuse. That was worse.
I shrugged and sighed. “I don’t know what you want me to say.” I couldn’t just produce an alibi I didn’t have. “I got up this morning, went upstairs, Petunia went out. She barked, I went to check on her. Someone screamed. And boom.”
“Boom.” Crew sounded less than pleased with my choice of terminology but I was honestly at the end of my own patience by now.
“Splash?” It’s not that I wasn’t taking this seriously, but I was frankly tired and honestly this was insane.
Crew’s left eye twitched.
“I hadn’t even seen a lawyer about the papers,” I said, sitting forward, trying to diffuse this if I could. “Why would I kill a total stranger who made such a wild claim when I hadn’t even confirmed the man wasn’t a raving lunatic?”
That made Crew pause at least. You know the worst part of all this? Even being a jerk to me, he was still hot with those deep blue eyes and that wavy black hair and the way he filled out his jeans like there was a lot more to him than a pretty face.
Leave it to me to lust over the very person who thought I was a deranged murderer. But it had been over a month since I slapped Ryan across the face for cheating on me and stormed out of our apartment in New York City. A girl had needs.
Someone slammed a door in the main room of the sheriff’s office, just outside Crew’s personal space. And it didn’t take a rocket scientist—or the booming command that clearly reached my wincing ears—to figure out who had come storming in just then.
Crew’s door hit the wall about two seconds later, a small framed photo shaking free from its nail to crash to the floor, glass shattering outward in glittering protest to such treatment. I knew exactly how it felt. I turned, returning circulation in one butt cheek making me flinch as I glanced up and into Dad’s furious face.
“Fiona,” he said, not looking at me, staring Crew down. “We’re leaving. Now.”
I stood, old habit. I was my own girl, don’t get me wrong. But an early lifetime of doing as my father said wasn’t something I forgot. And besides, I was so ready to go.
“I’m not done questioning the suspect.” Crew wasn’t as loud as Dad, but he was just as firm.
“The suspect,” Dad snarled, “is lawyering up.” He shot me a look that could have set fire to a soggy woodpile. “If she hasn’t already.”
Whoops. Hadn’t I just tried to convince myself I wasn’t an idiot? That tuning him out was my best defense? I clearly needed a careful head examination, because I freaking knew better. What was I thinking? That Crew’s cuteness meant he wouldn’t charge me with murder? That my innocence would protect me? Jeeze, what was wrong with me?
I moved toward Dad in a jerking motion of utter shock, the chair squealing on the wooden floor as I pushed it out of the way with one thigh. Glass crunched under my sneakers, but I was the only one who seemed disturbed by that fact. The two men didn’t even glance my way, testosterone flaring between them while the ex-sheriff and his replacement did battle with a pair of steely gazes that actually shook me out of my shock at my own foolishness and instead made me want to smack both of them.
And made my heart stop for the briefest of moments as I realized I hadn’t killed Pete Wilkins. But my dad…?
Where was Dad last night?
No, no way. Absolutely not. I rushed to his side, grasped one hand, tugged while my traitor brain gasped at the thought that tracked from start to horrifying finish. He’d been pissed, furious, over the top angry. Rushed out of the house after reading and then crumpling the paperwork. And Mom wouldn’t talk about their history, his and Pete’s, but it was obvious they had a story that left a lot of bad blood between them. But my father was a police officer for the majority of his life. He would never kill anyone. Not in a way that would get him caught.
Or do so in a way that set up his own daughter for murder.
Fiona Fleming. You stop that right now.
“Dad.” He looked down at me at last. “You’re right. I want a lawyer.” I fixed Crew with my best Fleming stare, no match for the real thing standing next to me but at least we were a united front. “I’m done answering your questions.”
Crew grunted but backed off. Looked like it hurt. “Don’t leave town, Miss Fleming.”
“Where exactly do you think I’m going?” Okay, now I was jacked and you know what? So done thinking this jerk was even remotely attractive. “And can you tell me what single scrap of evidence you have beside the fact the victim was trying to steal my place of business and happened to have the very bad taste to die in my koi pond,” Dad snarled at me to shut up but screw that, “and probably poisoned them in the process? You got nada, and we both know it. Because I didn’t kill him. And, from what I saw at the scene? Dude slipped in the mud, hit his damned head and drowned his fool self. So you’d better have some excellent evidence the next time you come after me.”
So there.
“I’ll bear your expert crime scene forensics evaluation in mind,” Crew said.
Why did I get the impression he was being sarcastic?
I led the way out, totally done with this entire train wreck that my day had turned into. I caught the sorrowful expression on Toby Miller’s face, Dad’s former secretary—now Crew’s—clearly miserable about the whole thing. But the middle-aged woman who’d been like a second mom when I was small refused to meet my eyes and scrambled for her desk the instant we appeared so I let her have her retreat. Besides, I was a bit distracted when the main door opened and two people stormed in.
The elegantly dressed, dark haired woman wore sunglasses, the young man a scowl, neither looking in Toby’s direction but both staring down Dad like he was public enemy number one. The woman seemed familiar, but I couldn’t place her but cut myself some slack. It had been a heck of a morning and I hadn’t lived here in ten years, after all. Still, something in me said I should know who she was.
Dad stepped aside, pulling me toward him as the pair strode past us and directly into Crew’s office, stopping his exit and slamming the door behind them. So no goodbye from the sheriff then?
Toby turned her back on us and I heard a distinctive sniffle from her direction. Dad paused, hurt and worry on his face an instant, a crack forming in the ever present Fleming façade of stone and stern. And then he moved on, stomping past me and out into the late morning sunshine.
Free, if only for the time being, I sighed at the weight that settled over me, the weariness that I still had work to do and questions to answer—and a father’s whereabouts to worry about—and followed him outside.

***

Chapter Nine

It was so bright outside and the interior of the station so dark I had to blink into the sunlight for a second and, in that moment, ran right into the immovable object that was my dad. He’d come to a halt on the top step and caught me as I squeaked, keeping me upright while I rubbed my nose, sore from the impact with his chest.
“Seriously, warn a girl,” I said.
Dad’s hand settled around mine and he led me down the steps, longer legs hard to keep up with. I hated that I felt like a little kid running beside her father but that was basically what it amounted to as he dragged me down the street. Dad had stayed fit over the years, not gone to a pot belly like a lot of older men in his generation, so he still felt like the person I was a bit afraid of when I was young. I was imagining the stares and whispers of people we passed, wasn’t I?
Oh, Fee.
Half a block from the station I finally jerked my hand out of Dad’s and stopped, crossing my arms over my chest and scowling at him because I was in a bad mood already. And being mad at my father for interfering where he wasn’t needed, well, that was about right when I finally shook off the daughter complex and regained my independent streak cultivated from a decade outside his influence.
Dad tsked his frustration at me, obviously not happy with my shift in attitude, frowning in return. “What?”
My jaw dropped. “What?” I closed the gap and punched him in the arm. “What was that?”
“That,” he growled at me, “was your father rescuing you from being arrested for murder. Because when I heard you were being questioned and hadn’t asked for a lawyer,” his jaw jumped as he ground the rest out from between clenched teeth, “and realized you’d lost your freaking little mind somewhere between New York and Reading,” he exhaled through both nostrils like a bull, “I had to come and save you from yourself.”
Toby turned me in, obviously. “I didn’t kill anyone,” I said. “And I had this under control.” Except he was right and I was an idiot but no way—no way—was I telling my dad as much.
“You’re just lucky he’s too damned arrogant to reach outside his Curtis County jurisdiction and bring the state troopers in.” Dad turned and kept walking, forcing me to either run to catch up or lose what he had to say. I chose the former, frustrated and angry I had to it but doing it anyway. “Idiot California cop and his damned West coast attitude.”
“So, you don’t like Crew, is that what you’re trying to say?” It was an old reflex, came from being raised by a hard headed and by the book kind of man like Dad. Jokes seemed to diffuse what backtalk just made worse. But he wasn’t buying what I was selling today.
“Just don’t say anything else to him from now on,” Dad said. “Fee.” He stopped again, drew a deep breath and nodded to me, sunlight shining on the silver in his precision cut hair, emotions clearly settling and a bit of concern showing past his granite-like stare. Sure sign Dad was really worried. “We both know you didn’t kill Pete Wilkins. But you also know from being my kid just how fast things can go to hell if you say the wrong thing at the wrong time to the wrong person.”
“I know.” I hugged myself a little, found I was shaking suddenly. “I’m sorry, Dad. I just didn’t know what to do. The last thing I expected was to wake up to a dead body this morning.”
Dad shrugged. “Welcome home, kid.”
He walked on again, slower this time.
“Who were those people?” I glanced behind me the block and a half to the sheriff’s office, wondering about the woman in the sunglasses, the angry young man now that I was safe. Damned curiosity seemed to have come back in full force now that I was home. In New York I’d managed to quash my natural need to know things in favor of just getting along. But for some reason this town had woken that instinct all over again. Dad could blame himself, if it came to that. Came by it honestly and all.
“Doesn’t matter,” Dad said, also typical. “Let’s just get you home and get your guests sorted.”
Maybe it was a sign of weakness, but when Dad offered his hand again I took it and was grateful for the quiet rest of the walk we shared all the way to my front door.
He didn’t linger, not when Daisy came flying out the entry and threw herself into my arms, sobbing. I hugged her, turned her physically around to see my father leaving, already halfway across the street while my old best friend incoherently wept on my shoulder. It took a good minute to get her calmed down to the point I could shove her away and shake her a little.
“Daisy,” I said. “It’s okay.”
“It’s not.” She wailed her denial. “I’m a traitor.”
So she’d finally figured that out, had she? Her weeping guilt was her saving grace. “I didn’t kill anyone,” I said, leading her inside. “So you didn’t do anything wrong.” I sighed, letting go of my irritation with her, as always. She’d never stayed in my bad books for long, no matter what happened. Because she never did anything out of malice, just innocent enthusiasm. Wished I had more of that myself. “Crew would have found out about my connection somehow. Best probably to get it out now before he could say I tried to hide it.”
She hiccupped around her retreating tears, blinking at me, lower lip trembling as her big eyes shone with every single thing in her truly caring heart. “Really? I thought I sent you to the big house.” Daisy let out one more sob before clutching me in a giant hug. “Are you okay?” She pushed me away this time, looking me up and down in frantic concern. “Did they hurt you? Did he torture you?” Her voice lowered, conspiracy in her tone.
What did she think happened, exactly? “He just asked me some questions. It’s okay. Thanks for taking care of things while I was out.” I looked down the hall toward the kitchen. “How many guests did we lose?” Olivia’s edict or not, I was likely looking at a big loss of revenue this week. Once word got out, guests would be abandoning Petunia’s like rats jumping from a burning ship.
“Not a one.” Daisy seemed pleased to be able to offer some good news. “In fact, we’ve had calls to see if we have openings. Everyone loves a good murder.” She winced then. “Sorry, too soon?”
I couldn’t help the little bark of a laugh that escaped. Just strung too tight to care anyway. “Not soon enough.”
“Oh, Fiona dear, there you are.” Just what I needed. I pasted a smile over the desire to exhale in irritation as Peggy hurried into the foyer, Cookie dangling from the crook of her arm. The little dog’s perky green hair bow bounced on the top of her tiny head. Petunia offered a single woof of greeting which Cookie met with utter silence, as always.
Peggy didn’t seem to notice I wasn’t really in the mood to talk about what happened because she hugged me one armed, Cookie’s little tongue finding my cheek a moment, the strong scent of peppermints and old wool making my nose twitch before Peggy let me go. The thin but strong hand that grasped my arm shook, her face pinched with concern and I relented as she went on.
“I was so worried about you,” Peggy said, “and Daisy couldn’t tell me much about where you’d gone or what happened.”
I patted her hand, feeling myself release of some of the tension I’d clung to the last few hours. “It’s going to be okay,” I said. “I’m pretty sure it was a tragic accident that killed Mr. Wilkins.”
“Oh, how dreadful,” Peggy said. “But I don’t care about that wretched man, dear.” She obviously knew Pete Wilkins, then. I guess I wasn’t the only one he’d rubbed the wrong way. No idea why that made me feel better, thinking maybe the whole town hated him. Better than finding the patriarch of Reading drowned in my koi pond. “I was worried about you.” She touched my cheek with that same shaking hand, eyes watering. “Iris and I were old friends, Fiona. If she were here she’d be knocking that fool sheriff’s head for even considering you were responsible.”
From what I remembered about Grandmother Iris, Peggy was right. Made me chuckle this time and that felt good.
“You get yourself sorted,” Peggy said. “I know you must have so much to do. But once you find the time, I insist you come for tea. I have some things for you I know your grandmother would have loved for you to keep.”
Peggy left on her own accord, waving as she went, and my estimation of her skyrocketed. Nosy, maybe. But she cared, that much was apparent. And I would love to learn more about Grandmother Iris. After this was over.
And after I found out if I still owned Petunia’s or not. Or if my father was a murderer.

***

Chapter Ten

With those glum thoughts chasing me out of the foyer I slumped my way into the kitchen through the swinging door and into the darkly judging domain of the two older ladies who stared at me like they were utterly positive I’d done the deed. Mary and Betty didn’t whisper, didn’t speak, just watched as I crossed the space to the back door, silently accusing me of murder while my skin crawled.
Faithful to the B&B and old friends of Grandmother Iris or not, I was firing their asses the second I got through this mess.
The sunlight outside felt offensive, grumbling disillusionment and frustration tugging at me about as much as my need to return to the scene of the crime. What was it they said about the guilty hanging around the very place they committed their act of criminal disobedience? And yet, unless I’d sleepwalked my way onto the wrong side of the law, either someone pushed Pete Wilkins or the big idiot slipped and fell and continued with his untimely and poorly placed death to plague me from his grave.
I really had to track down and talk to a lawyer that wasn’t Ryan Richards. While I hated that Dad was right, I needed someone to walk me through how to proceed from here, not only with Crew and his ideas about the death of Pete Wilkins, but to find out if in fact the paperwork was authentic. Because despite the truth I’d only been running this place a short time it already felt like home. Even the scent of the flowers that did their best to cheer me up with their summery softness reminded me of childhood. Mind you, I hadn’t been allowed to lounge around here or anything. Grandmother Iris expected hard work from her granddaughter if I ever showed up at the B&B. But digging in the dirt to plant new bulbs or learning to make biscuits while she showed me her favorite recipe or even being taught how to dust high shelves without taking down all the nick knacks became summer memories I still found nostalgically appealing.
I never expected her to will Petunia’s to me. And though when Mom called to tell me and gave me the exit from New York and Ryan I needed, I never looked back. So there was no way I was giving up this chance at a new start. Not when that new start was still as fresh as the memory of my grandmother’s death.
Daisy hovered next to me when I came to a halt at the edge of the police tape, glaring at Robert who threw me a saucy wink before leering at my old best friend. Right, he’d had a crush on her since he was a stringy little psycho who liked to torture girls and push them in puddles. No biases or anything.
“Robert,” she gushed, one hand on her bare chest where the third button of her shirt strained to hold things together. “I’m so glad you’re still here.”
Was she serious? While Peggy had impressed me, Daisy was rapidly falling off my pedestal of people I thought I knew better than to have any kind of compassion or inclination toward my disgusting cousin. My heart plummeted as I stared into the koi pond and realized the scrap of red fabric still hung from the biggest boy’s lips. Fat Benny seemed unfazed by the bit of whatever it was he trailed around with him. A clue or not, I really needed to make sure Crew knew about it. No way was I risking him accusing me of hiding evidence.
“Anything you need, Daisy,” Robert said in a tone that made me want to throw up all over his cowboy boots. Seriously, where did he think he was wearing jeans and boots instead of the rest of his standard uniform? The Wild West? And the tilt to his hat, that was an attempt at cowboy confidence that just made him look pathetic. God, that mustache.
Gross.
Never mind Crew set the precedent. It looked good on him. On Robert? Shudder.
Daisy glanced at me before leaning closer to my deputy cousin. “I hear the sheriff thinks it was an accident.”
Robert puffed up, chest out, just managing to hide the beginnings of his beer bulge, preening like the idiot peacock he was and Daisy lapped it up. Any second now she’d be purring. And I’d be contaminating the crime scene with the contents of my stomach. A huge feat considering I hadn’t had anything to eat since Mom’s chocolate cake last night.
Hard not to roll my eyes. At least she was a distraction. He completely ignored me while I sidled sideways toward the pond, his attention totally focused on Daisy. There had to be proof here this was an accident. I could see it all, really. How Pete poked around after dark, slipped on the fresh mud I’d turned at the edge of the pond for the new flowers I planted, hit his head on the rock then rolled, unconscious, into the water. Simple, right? And the clear answer. Although why he was here remained a mystery. Surely he could have waited two more days. Especially if his ownership of this place was authentic. Whatever brought him here, that was part of the mystery I couldn’t shake or let go.
Petunia chuffed softly, but not at my feet as usual. I turned toward her, frowning then. Wait, I’d totally forgotten. She’d woken me up in the middle of the night, hadn’t she? Barked at something. Did she wake up when Pete died? Was she trying to warn me he was there or even alert me he had fallen? The idea I’d gone back to sleep while the man drowned finally triggered my compassion, paperwork or no paperwork. No one deserved to die alone like that.
But there was still that odd mark in the ground a few feet from where it looked like he slipped. A round indentation with a strange impression on the bottom about an inch deep, perfect ridges left behind. What made that particular marking? Maybe a tourist dropped something and I didn’t notice and this had nothing at all to do with the murder. Just like the agonizingly tempting piece of red cloth that Fat Benny trailed from the corner of his fishy lips as he lazily slid by.
Something pattered against my leg and I finally turned, found Petunia digging about five feet away. Far enough from the crime scene I wasn’t worried Crew would be pissed, but seriously. Not a good idea. I huffed an irritated breath and went to her, to stop her. And stared down as she sat abruptly, smiling up at me in her pug way with her tongue hanging out, corkscrew tail wiggling. But I wasn’t looking at her any longer. Far more interesting was the corner of what looked like a small, metal box she’d uncovered in the middle of the next flower bed.
The instant my brain told me I should turn this find in to the authorities my mind rejected the idea so abruptly I gasped.
“Something wrong, Fanny?” I had caught Robert’s attention, and he didn’t seem happy about it, though the smile on Daisy’s face was far more strained than I expected for someone who seemed content to flirt with the vile creature. His body swayed as if about to take a step closer when I smiled and shook my head, forgetting for once how much I hated that nickname, one foot casually kicking at some dirt, not sure if I covered the box’s peeking edge or not.
“Just wondering how long this is going to clutter up my garden.” Rather rude, but he expected nothing less and it had the desired effect. Robert smirked at me, shrugged, settled back into his stay put stance.
“It’ll take as long as it takes.” He winked at Daisy once more.
Petunia turned and I knew immediately she planned to start digging again. Knowing the desperation in my voice had to be apparent, I did my best to smile through it. “Daisy,” I bent and grabbed the pug around her substantial chest, all twenty-five pounds of her dead weight sliding through my arms. “Can you please take Petunia inside?”
“Of course!” She dodged for the dog, hefting her much more kindly than I had, cradling her almost like a toddler with an arm around her chest and one hand supporting her rear. The pug grunted at me, front paws flinging dirt as she swung them at me before swiping Daisy’s cheek with her tongue. “Let’s get you a snack and a drink, young lady. Robert.” She nodded to him before retreating. I made sure he was watching her go before risking a glance down and scooping a bit more dirt with the heel of my sneaker to be sure the corner of the mystery box was hidden before stepping firmly on the spot to finish the job. And looked up just in time as Robert returned his attention from Daisy’s retreating sway of a walk to me.
“Nice to see you’re a valuable member of the team,” I said as I strode past. “Great job guarding the fish, Booby.”
The snarl he fired after me was so worth it. Because, of course I had a childhood tit-for-tat to throw at him. And, hopefully, enough distraction he wouldn’t notice the footprint I’d left in the flowerbed. Like that useless excuse would notice a clue if it stuck to him like a leech. I knew, as I crossed to the house, I really should have just turned in the box. Was fairly confident it had nothing to do with the murder, so what hurt would it do? But I did love a good mystery. Knowing Crew he’d hang onto it for ages and I’d never get it back. Convinced myself then and there the fact it was buried in the garden didn’t mean it had anything to do with Pete Wilkins or his death. If anything, it was a private matter between me and Grandmother Iris. Consoled my guilt with the assurance if there did turn out to be evidence proving murder, I’d naturally give it to Crew.
After I had a chance to dig up that box and find out what the old lady thought was so important she had to hide it underground.

***

Chapter Eleven

The kitchen’s air of gloom had lifted when I entered the house, Mary and Betty both absent for once. And the minute I entered Daisy rushed to me, Petunia gobbling at the chunks of kibble and cheese in her giant bowl. I winced, knowing I’d suffer the lactose consequences later, but didn’t comment, not when my old bestie flung her arms around my neck and hugged me.
“I hope that at least made up for it a bit,” she said, shuddering as she pulled back. “He’s a creep, but you seemed to want to have a look around.” Wait, what? Daisy bit her lower lip, as hang dog as I’d ever seen her. A honey blonde curl escaped from the pretty pink band she used to hold her hair back today, matching her bright blouse perfectly. “Did I do okay?”
I couldn’t help the grin that broke over my face and, on impulse, hugged her back. She squeaked in surprise but embraced me with gusto as I giggled in her ear.
“I thought you’d lost your good taste and your mind there for a minute,” I said. “Robert, of all people.”
She snorted, adorably of course. “Can I just say ew? Like, ew to the ewiest.” We laughed together for a moment before she sobered. “I feel so bad, Fee.” Daisy sank to a stool, one that Betty usually occupied, the older woman’s large backside barely supported though my best friend’s tiny one fit it perfectly. “I know I’m a flake a lot of the time and that people think I’m stupid.” I chewed on the inside of my cheek in guilt because yeah, I was one of them. “I don’t always think before I talk and there are things I don’t understand sometimes.” She seemed close to tears while the utter genuineness of her made me want to cry with her for being so hard on her. Sure, she’d dumped more than she should have to Crew, but so what? He was going to find out anyway. I was a horrible, horrible person for thinking badly of her. “But I’m really sorry and I promise I’ll try harder.”
“Daisy, it’s honestly okay.” I sank against the counter, staring down at Petunia who waddled to my side, squatting on her butt with her back legs sticking straight forward, utterly pleased with her snack and likely looking for more to eat. “I’m so glad you’re here.” My friend lost her agonized hurt look and perked. “And you did awesome with Robert. I just hope that doesn’t come back to bite you later.”
She tossed her blonde curls, long lashes closing over one gray eye. “I have it handled,” she said. And laughed.
Way smarter than I ever thought she was.
Daisy kicked butt the rest of the day, handling guests like an utter pro—they always loved her regardless of her quirks and occasional mess-ups—not a disaster to be had. I avoided the baleful glares of the Jones sisters lurking as they always did in the background and instead focused on finishing all the big and small tasks that needed to be done every day to keep Petunia’s running and legal. Like cleaning, paperwork, more cleaning, more paperwork. By the time the sun was setting and Mary and Betty long gone, I wearily descended to the foyer to find Daisy closing the appointment app on the sideboard computer with a happy sigh, the phone settling in the cradle from a finished call.
“All booked up for the next two months,” she said, bright and cheerful, enough to make me smile. “We only have one night open the end of September and thanks to the big push the mayor is making for the ski lodge for the fall, it looks like shoulder season won’t be much quieter.”
I’d take that as good news regardless of whether I was still Petunia’s owner or not. Filling up before or after the main season was over meant bigger revenue. Someone else’s revenue? Something to be tackled in the morning. For now, I was grateful for a tired body and mind and the chance, very shortly, to fall into bed and forget this day ever happened.
I sent Daisy home with another hug and my thanks, checking in on the garden as the sun set behind the mountains. A young female deputy nodded to me, her blonde ponytail the only indication of her sex, body tucked into a more official uniform and jacket. I waved and retreated, hesitating before digging out a snack from the fridge and bringing it to her.
“Thank you.” She seemed startled by the sandwich and canned soft drink. Didn’t hurt to ingratiate myself with at least one person on the sheriff’s payroll. A quick glance at the flower bed told me no one had uncovered the box Petunia dug up and I sloppily hid, the impression of my sneaker a red flag banner no one else apparently saw as evidence. It was too dark to see the koi, so I didn’t comment about Fat Benny to the deputy, leaving well enough alone for now. If the fish decided to finally swallow the scrap, so be it.
I left her munching on chicken salad and ducked downstairs to my apartment for a quick collapse on the sofa with my feet up on the old coffee table. Petunia grunted her way up next to me, throwing her full weight against me as she collapsed and settled her wide, silly head on my lap. Those giant brown eyes stared up at me, black ears perked while she grumbled a few choice complaints until I rubbed at her cheeks and made her groan.
“What a day, pug.” Now that I’d come to a sudden halt, everything crashed down on me again. The overwhelming truth of what had happened paralyzed me and left me breathless. A man died in my back yard after claiming he owned my business. A business that might now belong to his heir while the sheriff was investigating me for murder. Evidence more than likely remained in my yard, at the very least in the jaws of the koi and most probably—if I was willing to admit it—in the metal box buried in the flower bed.
And my dad might have killed Pete Wilkins.
I sat abruptly upright, Petunia muttering her displeasure at this state of not resting affairs. I had to talk to Pete’s family, find out about the deed. If in fact Grandmother Iris did sign over Petunia’s, why? And could they be talked into some kind of arrangement?
It was too soon after his death to just go barging over there, wasn’t it?
Maybe. But a lawyer, yes. First priority. I sank back into the cushions of the old sofa, intending to get up, check the grounds one last time, that my guests were secure and the house locked up. While Petunia’s head settled once more in my lap and her eyes closed.
***
I blamed the dog for me waking in an uncomfortably awkward position, half sideways on the paisley fabric with a drool trail wetting the faded velvet nap. Movement in the kitchen over my head told me it was morning, as much as the light beaming in the windows, washing across my face and adding to my confusion.
Petunia abandoned me for upstairs, fine by me. A shower and my own brewed coffee later—stronger than any guest would be willing to drink but just the ticket this morning—and I was feeling up to facing the day. Betty didn’t even acknowledge me as I entered the kitchen, but Mary made sure, as she hustled through the swinging door with the first plates of morning dirty dishes in her hands, I saw her frown of unhappiness.
“Just say it.” I was done with her attitude, with both of them. “Go on, say it. How Grandmother Iris did such a good job and I’m messing everything up and how could I allow someone to try to take Petunia’s like that and how could I have murdered a man in our own yard?” I huffed through that tirade as Mary gaped at me. Even Betty spun in slow motion to stare, her bushy gray eyebrows climbing so high the lines in her forehead met each other in overlapping pink flesh. “Say it so we can just get on with things and have done with it.”
Mary’s lips moved but nothing came out. And that, I have to say, was the most satisfying sound I’d ever heard.
Instead of waiting for her to gather her wits, I strode past her and into the garden, needing a moment to catch my breath before I came face to face with a guest. The mood I was in this morning? They’d get both barrels even if they asked for extra toilet paper. And let me tell you, being a B&B newbie owner? There was nothing more frustrating than guests and excess toilet paper.
Some things were worth murdering over.

***

Chapter Twelve

The moment of peace I needed, however, vanished in a puff of irritated breath at the sight of Crew and the female deputy—Robert standing around doing nothing while his boss and coworker wound up tape—cleared the crime scene. That should have made me happy, right?
Grumble at least tell me what happened mumble.
Crew’s scowl had to match mine as I stomped to a halt at his side and glared up at him. “Well?”
He grunted, gritted his teeth. “The coroner,” he said like it hurt him to speak, “has ruled Pete’s death an accident.”
“I see.” Vindication, oh yeah.
“But.” So he wasn’t letting this go, was he? “There’s an odd bruise on the victim’s leg that isn’t accounted for and I still have to explain a few more things before I’m satisfied with that ruling.”
Actually, I wasn’t 100% sold on the whole accident thing myself, oddly, so I didn’t argue despite knowing it meant I wasn’t in the clear yet. Stubborn knew stubborn, after all. That glint of a dog with a bone he couldn’t let go of wasn’t lost on me because I was gnawing my own, wasn’t I?
“That said,” Crew went on, “I’m willing to release the scene at this point.”
I choked on spewing about the box. But he noticed, because I was obvious and an idiot.
“Was there something you wanted to disclose, Miss Fleming?” He had to use that snarky tone that made me want to smack him, didn’t he? “Something you want to confess?”
“Only,” I sniped back, thankful one of the koi swam by right then and reminded me I had more than one bit of possible evidence to lure him with, “that your deputies need glasses. Or training.” I pointed at Fat Benny. Thankfully, the idiot fish still hadn’t managed to swallow his little red trailer. “While I’m not positive it’s part of the crime, you might want to collect actual evidence in an actual crime scene before the local fauna decides it’s dinner.”
If I thought Crew looked irritated before? Well, that was an interesting vein he had in his forehead, the kind that bulged and pulsed in a lightning bolt shape under the skin in a way that could lead to an aneurism if he wasn’t careful.
“Deputy Carlisle,” Crew snarled. “Get that fish.”
I stepped out of the way, unable to restrain my grin of delight at the sight of Robert sloshing around in my pond trying to catch Fat Benny. For a chubby koi of excessive size, he could move when he wanted to. Finally, her face twisted into a disgusted grimace, his fellow deputy lunged while Robert pounced and the pair came up with the scrap of red.
Definitely fabric, some kind of ribbon. It disappeared into a clear plastic sleeve before I could get a closer look. The glare on Crew’s face was worth it, though I caught him glancing around the garden then and cursed myself for saying anything. Because it would be just like him to slap up the damned police tape again and do a more thorough search of the entire garden. No way would he miss finding the box at that point.
I stumbled sideways as he took a half step in the wrong direction, right toward the place Petunia had been digging. I smiled up at him, did my best perky while the corner of the box bit into the bottom of my thin sneaker just under the surface of the dirt.
“In case you forgot,” I said, “you were just leaving.”
He didn’t comment, hands on hips, looking around the yard while my heart beat grew louder and stronger in my chest. He knew, he’d seen the corner sticking out. Or he suspected I was hiding something. At the very least I was giving myself away right now. Why I felt so protective of the box I had no idea, only that he would be digging it up and taking it away over my dead body.
And there had been enough death in this yard for my liking, thanks.
Crew looked down at me, narrowed eyes unreadable. “If you find anything else, Miss Fleming,” he said.
And then I understood. He wasn’t leaving the scene because he wanted to. If Crew Turner had his way, he’d dig up the entire garden just to see what was here. He was being pressured. By my dad? No, by someone far scarier than John Fleming.
“Say hello to Olivia for me when you see her,” I said with just enough snark I triggered his vein and eye twitch at exactly the same time. I really shouldn’t have baited him, nor cackled inside like a maniac at his reaction. I should have been doing my best to work with him and help him solve the case. Maybe. Didn’t keep me from stepping aside and gesturing for the door to the kitchen.
“I’m sure you’ll keep me posted,” I said. And waited.
So satisfying to see him show himself out. Why, oh why then did that very nicely shaped posterior give me such delight to watch? Not just because he was leaving. I was honest enough with myself to admit it.
Even after everything, damn that man was delicious.
The instant I shifted my weight to my left foot I winced and remembered. Looked down at the little corner of the box as I moved my sneaker out of the way. I had to dig this thing up and now. Before Crew found a way around the mayor’s bullying and came back to finish the job of ruining my life.
Petunia’s woof warned me, raised my head and though the smiling and waving Peggy over the fence was about the least threatening thing that had happened to me in the last two days, I still hesitated. The sweet old lady would have a million questions about the box, I imagined, and the part of me that wanted to protect it didn’t even want an old friend of Grandmother Iris’s to lay eyes on it before I knew what was inside.
Dad may have talked me out of becoming an actual detective, but he couldn’t take the curiosity I was born with away.
I waved back, kicking more dirt in a show of being irritated with the cops and the mess they left behind before heading for the house, Petunia at my heels. I’d come out here tonight and dig it up when no one was looking. Hide it in the wheelbarrow with weed cuttings. Perfect.
And very satisfying, considering.
A feeling that fizzled out when I entered the kitchen to Daisy’s smile. Not that I wasn’t happy to see her—and on time for once—but the small, wrapped box with the beautiful red bow in her hands made me stop and stare. And wince.
“Can you please make sure Lucy gets this for me?” Mom’s birthday. I’d totally forgotten. Damn it. I took the present from Daisy as she blushed faintly. “I know she hates gifts, but I wanted her to have something.” Daisy tinkled a giggle, her multiple silver bangles jingling in tune with her laugh, the pretty blue dress she wore today making her look right out of the 50’s.
“Thanks, Daisy,” I said. “I’ll take it tonight.”
And, promptly forgot. Naturally.

***

Chapter Thirteen

It wasn’t until almost 4:30 I noticed the beautifully wrapped box sitting next to the phone on the sideboard desk in the foyer that I remembered again. The smiling couple who climbed the stairs with their luggage thumping behind them forgotten, I lunged for the small box, heard the rattle and felt my heart shrivel.
Mom. Groan.
With Petunia in tow, balancing my oversized purse, my phone, car keys and the present from Daisy—while she leaned out the front door and waved and beamed a smile with a, “Have fun!” that made me cringe—I lurched into the driver’s seat of my car and waited for the chubby pug to heave herself over to her own side before slamming the door.
Yes, my hands were full. Yes, I had a purse. Yes, it was too crammed with crap I meant to clean out for anything else to fit. I shoved the worn brown leather—my favorite bag ever for its softness and durability when it came to handling my life—down beside the passenger seat of my little hatchback, buckling Petunia’s body harness into the seatbelt and making sure her airbag was off before slamming the car into gear and chugging away downtown.
I could have walked, but dinner was at 6:00 which really meant 5:30 in Lucy Fleming time. Considering my mother was making her own birthday meal, I just couldn’t be late. And I’d forgotten all about the flowers Dad asked me like a week ago to pick up for her for tonight because he didn’t want a delivery car showing up at the house or something silly like that. And, of course, I’d completely dropped the ball leading me to race as fast as I could in the 20mph speed zones and with the complaining old engine of my little compact huffing at me because I hadn’t driven her much since we got to Reading.
“Please,” I whispered into the windshield. “Just let me get through tonight.”
Don’t get me wrong. I loved my parents. And Mom was a fantastic cook. But Dad wasn’t the most demonstrative of people and I ended up trying to make up for that, creating an awkward and disjointed conversation over food that should have been served in an upscale restaurant while Dad picked at it like it was going to bite him. While visibly contemplating getting a burger later.
Families. So messy.
I pulled into a vacant spot just outside the main door of Jacob’s Flowers with a whispered thank you to the parking genies for granting me their favors. Petunia’s leash immediately wrapped around my ankles and I spent about thirty seconds turning in circles one direction while she did the same in the other, winding us tighter together. I glared down at her, feeling ridiculous and out of breath and utterly frustrated.
And laughed at the flustered look on her pug face.
“Okay,” I said. “Hold still.” A quick unhooking and unwinding and we were on our way inside the flower shop, my mood greatly elevated. Who knew having a dog around could be anything but irritating? Dad never let me have a pet when I was a kid, didn’t want the responsibility. And I’d kept that attitude even in New York. My memories of the other Petunias were vague and often gross—being licked in the face, snorted on, sat on, farted at—and hadn’t endeared me to the idea of taking on Madam Petunia Her Highness the Fourth. But the more time I spent with her, the more she grew on me. Imagine that.
The glass door tinkled a welcome, bells hanging from the hinges signaling my entry. I inhaled a moment, taking in the mixed scents of the lush foliage hanging from the ceiling, the expanse of cases humming behind the counter while Petunia snuffled curiously at the lower displays with a rather royal air.
“Can I help you?” I’d never seen her before, the girl behind the counter. Well, girl was being rude. She was about my age, I guessed, close to thirty, but considering I still thought of myself as eighteen I figured the term was fair game. I crossed to the tidy glass counter where she waited, her long, dark hair caught in a low pony, skin that delightful color between milk chocolate and mocha. Big, brown eyes smiled at me, her Indian heritage obvious in her appearance and the faint accent she spoke in.
“I’m picking up an order for John Fleming.” At least Dad wouldn’t have forgotten to place it. I don’t think my father ever forgot anything in his entire life. “Red roses?” Of course, red roses. So original. He could have just picked up his flowers himself, couldn’t he? I privately grumbled in my head, though I knew what he’d say if I called him on it.
“They’re from both of us,” he’d mumble in his growly voice. “Your mother would like that.”
Not a sentimental bone in that man’s body. Seriously. And Mom a romance novel addict who loved everything to do with l’amore. Opposites attract, indeed. I really shouldn’t have been whining about it anyway. Sure, I was dealing with a murder and the possible loss of Petunia’s and an overflow of guests, but this was my mom.
Bad daughter.
The woman disappeared the moment I mentioned Dad and left me to stare down at Petunia who panted at the reflection of herself in the glass counter, propped up in her usual seated pose as if admiring what she saw. I needed to take her casual admiration to heart and apply some of it to myself. I couldn’t remember the last time I put on mascara or even really did my hair. Daisy’s polished beauty she managed to maintain no matter what had as yet to rub off on me in any kind of meaningful way. And if I was going to be honest, I hadn’t really taken much time to see to my appearance since I walked out on Ryan. Nope, not thinking about that jerk right now, forget it. Except his favorite thing to do when he screwed up—often and horribly and I always took him back because I was an idiot—was to slather the apartment in flowers.
The young woman returned, a thankful distraction. I was starting to get the creeps in here just thinking about him.
“Here you are. I hope the design is all right.” So soft spoken. Her shy smile triggered an auto response and I smiled back. The bouquet was gorgeous, a dozen lovely, fat buds surrounded by green and a cluster of other flowers in complimentary pink and yellow snuggled inside a sleeve of plastic.
“Perfect.” I rifled into my bag for my wallet, but she shook her head.
“They’re already paid for,” she said. “Sheriff Fleming—I mean, Mr. Fleming,” she flushed, dark cheeks deep pink, “called in his credit card. Funny, he wouldn’t let us deliver?”
I shrugged. “That’s my dad.” My wallet dropped back into the quagmire of disaster that was my purse and I tossed the flap over to hide the mess. “Is Mr. Jacob retired then?” I had memories of the previous owner from all the times Dad dragged me in here to take possession of flowers he bought for Mom. As the young woman answered, I made a parallel between Ryan and my father and had a horrible thought—despite swearing I never would, had I been dating my dad?
“My husband and I took over the business three years ago,” she said, offering her hand in a hesitant gesture that made me wonder if she wasn’t quite comfortable with putting herself out there. “Terri Jacob.”
I shook firmly and kindly. “Fiona Fleming.”
“Ah!” Terri’s face altered from nervous to brightly happy. “Simon’s told me about you. You went to school together.”
We did, though I barely remembered him aside from the fact he was quiet and played the cello.
“How is Mr. Jacob?” I recalled always being fascinated with him as a girl. Reading was a fairly solid white town and his skin tone caught and held my attention every time. So beautiful and rich looking, exotic in a sea of Caucasian boredom. It wasn’t until I moved to New York and discovered diversity I realized just how sheltered I’d been my entire life. So lovely now to realize the faces I passed on the street lately here were nicely mixed thanks to tourism and immigration.
Terri’s face fell and she shook her head. “So sad,” she said. “He’s passed. He had dementia. We tried for over a year to take care of him, but we had to finally find somewhere to care for him.” That was a whole lot of guilt right there. And honestly, I guess if it was me I’d feel the same way. Especially if Mom was gone and Dad was on his own. To put him in a hospital or a nursing home? Yikes. “You took over Petunia’s when Mrs. Iris passed?”
I nodded and winced. “I guess I should ask how bad it is. Are people talking about the… you know?” She was a fellow business owner, so I had no qualms asking.
Her big eyes widened further. “The murder?” She whispered it like no one knew.
“The very thing.” I looked down into Mom’s roses through the plastic covering them. “Couldn’t have happened to a nicer guy.” Sarcasm, my dear friend.
Terri snorted like she agreed with me and I perked.
“Good riddance to that man, I say,” she said. Then covered her mouth with both hands in horror. “I’m a terrible person.”
“Well, he wasn’t much better,” I said, curiosity piqued. “I take it you had a run in?”
She hugged herself then, nodded quickly. I had the distinct feeling then Terri Jacob didn’t get to talk to many people outside of her job because she seemed pretty eager to chat with me. “We almost lost the flower shop to that horrible man,” she said. “He showed up here one morning, just after Ranjeet—Mr. Jacob—entered the nursing home, with paperwork that said he’d signed over our property to Mr. Wilkins.” She shook her head while my heart stopped beating and I stood frozen, staring like she’d just hit me.
He what?
Terri went on as if my utter surprise encouraged her. “It’s true, I swear it.”
“Terri?” I started at the interruption, inhaling sharply when the tall, slim man who had entered the back without my noticing approached the counter with a scowl and concern in his dark eyes. Simon Jacob nodded to me once in acknowledgement before speaking again. “We don’t talk about our private business in public.”
She gulped but smiled at her husband, patting his arm like he was a dear pet she adored. “Simon, you remember Fiona?”
I stuck out my hand which he reluctantly shook, not meeting my eyes. Just as I remembered him from school. “Terri was telling me about your encounter with Pete Wilkins.”
“It doesn’t matter anymore,” Simon muttered. “The man’s dead.”
Well, that was an interesting thing to say. I opened my mouth to ask about the deed issue only to have Terri finish without prompting.
“The matter is all taken care of,” she said, proudly beaming at Simon who just looked unhappy. “Simon talked to Mr. Wilkins and straightened it out. A complete misunderstanding.”
Either my old classmate was a miracle worker and I needed his help or something wasn’t right about this. It was possible the papers were forged and Simon managed to confront Wilkins about it. But from the uneasy way he shuffled his feet and refused to meet my eyes, it was far more likely Simon Jacob wasn’t telling his wife everything.
And that, if my backyard body was murdered, I just found another suspect.

***

Chapter Fourteen

The front door bells jingled, distracting me from grilling Simon about what happened. I half turned before my gut lurched and everything about my day turned to ash and gray. I’d done my best to avoid the stunning ice blonde in the perfect yellow suit who simpered on her clicky clacking high heels into the flower shop with her giant designer glasses perched on the end of her pointed nose and so far I’d succeeded. Just the odd chance glance across a crowded street or over the windshield of her little red convertible. But this was the first time since I moved home I actually came face to face with the one person in Reading I would gladly have trade places with Pete Wilkins.
If the way she pulled down her glasses with overly pointed and painted manicure nails and glared at me was any indication, she was about as happy to see me as I was her. Vivian French—her name as pretentious as the rest of her—smiled her reptile greeting with dead blue eyes and slowed her approach to a challenging strut, cute little bag bouncing over her forearm while she looked me up and down.
I hadn’t really worried about my looks despite my envy of Daisy’s beauty. It’s never been something I took into much consideration. I knew I had nice hair, thick and wavy and that deep red my friends in New York always accused me came from a bottle despite being natural. And my green eyes had that clarity I knew a lot of people wore contacts for. I’d always had clear skin, even as a teen, a great figure despite a terrible diet and irregular exercise and the kind of height that allowed me to feel unintimidated by the majority of men thanks to my dad. But there was something about the way my old rival, the former high school cheer squad leader/homecoming queen/overall pain in my younger ass looked at me—judged me—that made me forget former possible murder victims and consider new ones.
“Why, Fanny Fleming.” Oh my God, if one more person called me Fanny I was honestly going to lose my mind. I knew Vivian used it on purpose, just like Robert did. They’d been friends in high school, after all, or at least co-conspirators against my happiness. Part of the reason I couldn’t wait to cut and run ten years ago. “My word and stars. I heard you were home. And under investigation for murder, no less.” She was loving this, I could tell, how she cocked her hip to one side, slim body posing inside her expensive suit. Personally I thought that shade of yellow made her look sallow and gave her bleached hair a straw like appearance.
“Vivs,” I said, just as sweet, the tightening around her eyes barely reaching the line between them, a sure sign of work done. I’d seen enough Botox injections in my friends to know it when it glared me in the face. “Nice suit.”
Funny how easy it was to fall back into old ways of being and despising. Honestly, I was a grown up wasn’t I? And yet, nope, not at all. I was eighteen again and couldn’t stand the sight of the precious bitch who pursed her pink lips at me.
“I’ve been meaning to stop in,” she said. “To Petunia’s.” The pug made a soft grumbling sound like she’d rather not. Vivian glanced down with a faint frown of disgust before her smile returned, shining white teeth a mouthful of Chicklets no one would ever believe were real.
“Still living in Reading, are you?” I leaned one elbow on the counter, too wrapped up in this encounter to care at the moment Simon had vanished, though Terri continued to watch, eyes massive, mouth hanging slightly open as if unsure exactly what was going on. Poor thing. She clearly didn’t yet get the subtleties of Vivian French’s layers of gross.
Another hit, Fee 2, Vivs whatever, who cared. “I’ve taken over Daddy’s business,” she said, all airs and pomposity. “French’s Handmade Bakery is now in four states.”
Well la de da. I hated the snake of jealousy that bit deep inside me. No way she was allowed to be more successful than me. Of course, she had Daddy’s business and a head start, so there.
“I’m surprised to hear you came back from New York.” Fishing, was she? “That handsome boyfriend of yours, the lawyer. What’s his name?”
How the hell did she know about Ryan? “It’s over,” I growled.
Fake concern met sisterly caring as she touched my arm with the barest caress meant to mean nothing while her sharp blue eyes crinkled as much as they could in her delight. The faintest rims of contact lenses told me the false intensity of the color was due to tinting. Naturally. “Oh, how sad for you. And to lose Iris that way.” She shook her head, blonde locks swinging around her shoulders, tsking. “Then this hideous murder and you being questioned and everything.” She knew far more than she should and her next statement told me why. “I’m sure Crew will clean up your mess before you know it.”
The way she said his name told me everything. They were either dating or had dated or had some kind of emotional connection that burned my socks so badly at the idea I’d even considered that creep attractive I wanted to scrape my tongue from the bitter taste that dried out my mouth.
I could have been the bigger person and just let it go. Yup, I sure could have, because that would be mature and turning the other cheek and stuff like that. Instead, I leaned closer to her, squinting a little, before grinning.
“Do you remember the day I punched you in sixth grade and broke your nose?” I had, too. She’d been picking on Daisy. It was the first time we crossed swords, really. She’d ignored me as unimportant and unworthy until that afternoon on the playground when I’d had enough of her taunting the kind girl who didn’t get she was being played and wound up with a solid blow to the bridge of Vivian’s pointed proboscis.
She flinched at the memory, one hand rising as if in defense.
“Can still see the break,” I winked. And left, Petunia chuffing beside me, while Vivian’s horrified examination of her nose in the glass gave me great pleasure.
Fee—3. Vivian nada, zero, go choke yourself.

***

Chapter Fifteen

I dabbed at the corner of my mouth with the soft, white napkin and sighed in happiness. Mom had outdone herself and from the beaming way she looked at my empty plate, I’d given her the best birthday present ever.
“I hope you saved room for dessert.” She hustled to her feet, the padded bottoms of the dining room chair silent on the hardwood floor as she stood across from me, rushing around Dad to take my plate. I knew better than to try to help, smiling up at her before scowling a bit at my father as Mom divested him of his, too. Usually he did a good job of at least trying to compliment Mom on her amazing cooking despite his lack of enthusiasm for her culinary explorations. Instead, tonight of all nights, he stared at his glass of beer and grunted when she swooped in and took the fine white china plate from in front of him before sweeping off toward the kitchen. Naturally, drooling and hoping for scraps, Petunia followed her, claws clicking on the floor.
I let her go, focused on Dad. I could just reach him at the head of the table with the toe of my shoe, catching his shin with a satisfying blow that raised his head and earned me a frown.
“That was delicious, Mom,” I called out, tilting my head and glaring at him. “The best pork loin I’ve ever tasted.” I wasn’t lying to make her feel better, either. Whatever she’d marinated the meat in gave it a tangy sweetness mixed with spice that melted in the mouth and paired perfectly with the mushroom sauce she’d ladled generously over the garlic mashed potatoes. And forget about the glaze she’d used on the carrots. I’d take a shower in it.
Dad winced and looked away when Mom peeked her head around the corner, pug still stalking her, carefully styled hair caught at the base of her neck to keep it out of the way of her cooking. “Thank you, sweetie,” she said. “I’m trying a new rub. Did you really like it?” My mother was an amazing woman and had a core of steel hidden carefully behind charm and her own brand of sophistication. She’d managed Dad all these years without a complaint or a scrap of concern, even when he handled really horrible cases and wasn’t fit to live with. But when it came to cooking, she was her own worst enemy and had insecurities just like the rest of us.
You know what? Mom deserved to trust her talent and I did everything I could to support her cooking habit. Including eating everything she made with gusto. And if a little bit of excessive praise kept my tummy happy… I’d forgotten just how good she was at this.
“Mom, you’d put a chef at the finest overpriced New York joint to shame.” Another kick for Dad who shot me a scowl before piping up himself.
“Fantastic, Lu,” he said, voice loud enough I knew she heard. “What Fee said.”
He did not just cop out like that. “You can’t possibly top that with dessert,” I said, tossing my napkin at him and jutting my lower jaw so he knew how much trouble he was in dropping the ball like this. On Mom’s birthday.
Dad sighed then, sipped his beer. “I couldn’t dream of ruining the symphony of perfection that’s still lingering in my mouth with mere sugar,” he said. And stuck his tongue out at me.
Well, that was at least an effort.
Mom appeared at the door, breathless. “You two have no idea,” she squealed before disappearing again.
I leaned toward Dad who had returned to staring into his beer. “Crew says the coroner thinks Pete’s death is an accident.” I hissed that at him, caught his annoyed attention. Did he look suddenly guilty? Or relieved? No way of knowing which, not with my most stoic of Dads glaring me down. “But what if he was pushed?”
“By who, Fee?” Dad’s low tone matched mine. Neither of us wanted Mom in on this. She’d be so disappointed, cop talk on her birthday. “You?”
I snarled at him. “Cute,” I said, almost blurting a repeat of his question—refusing to believe while struggling not to—before sharing what I’d learned. “But I do know the whole signing over of Petunia’s isn’t the first time he tried such a scheme.”
Dad leaned in himself then, focused for real now. I’d finally caught his attention. “You stay out of this, Fee,” he said in that growling commanding voice of his that stopped working on me when I was twelve and knew he’d never follow through with any punishment he set. That was Mom’s job, delivered in a disappointed voice but with a will of iron might I could never win against. Who knew? “I mean it.”
Which meant Dad was well aware there were other victims like me. “I can’t just drop this, Dad,” I said. “The man died at my place. While claiming it wasn’t my place anymore. And he’s tried the same thing with others.” Frustration made my hands clench into fists on either side of my now empty place mat. “I need answers.”
“It’s got nothing to do with you,” Dad said, “and I’m taking care of Petunia’s. So just mind your own business.”
Mom reappeared with an enthusiastic, “Ta-da!” and a giant cheesecake on a tray, a ring of sliced strawberries drizzled in vanilla sauce making a crown of crimson and white around the edge. Petunia settled right beside Mom, staring up at her with the whites of her brown eyes showing, eagerly anticipating her own slice. Mom’s return silenced my conversation with Dad. We both ate the delicious and decadent treat like it was a race, me glaring at him over my berries, him staring right back until, as usual, he beat me, cramming the last massive bite down before springing to his feet and saluting Mom with his still dirty fork. Petunia chuffed an impatient yip at him for not even saving her a crumb while he spoke.
“Delicious,” he said around his mouthful. At least, that’s what I think he said. Before spinning and leaving the room.
The coward. I barely tasted my cheesecake to that point, and turned to find Mom sadly watching Dad go. Instantly felt terrible for ruining my mother’s birthday and slowed the hell down. Said yes to a second piece which I picked at while Mom played with her own with a low, sad sigh.
“Dinner was awesome,” I said, reaching out to squeeze her hand. Petunia muttered her dissatisfaction with being ignored, forgiving Mom instantly as she bent and offered the pug a little lick of cheesecake off her finger before sitting up again.
I knew that look on Mom’s face. She smiled bravely at me, setting down her fork with a tiny tinkle of silver on china. “I should know better than to think you two could have a civil dinner with everything that’s going on.” She patted my hand, her green eyes my green eyes. “And I shouldn’t have tried.”
“Mom.” I tugged at her fingers when she attempted to rise and leave. “Wait, please.” The flowers were already in a vase in the kitchen, suitably adored and lovingly displayed. I could see them through the doorway. But the box from Daisy was still in my purse and I fished it out with the slightly crumpled bow leaning to one side.
Mom’s eyes lit up even as she spoke. “Fiona Fleming, no presents. You know the rules.”
“It’s not from me,” I said. Hating at that moment her particular ideas about birthdays and fully committing, after seeing just how delighted and excited she was, that next year she’d be getting a present whether she said she liked it or not. “This is from Daisy.”
“Oh, how kind.” Mom took the box from me, clutched it in her fingers like it was a precious flower. Yup, present rule officially decimated. How had I allowed her to convince me not to give her gifts when she clearly loved them? The paper fell after a long, careful moment she spent pulling the tape free as if the contents were infinitely breakable, the small black and red box stamped with a diamond on the top. She lifted the lid, peeking inside, pulling away the thin layer of cotton while my heart hurt so much I wanted to hug my mother. And smiled with her at the sight of the slim, silver bracelet with the tiny “Lucy” charm dangling from it.
“Please tell Daisy I’ll be along to thank her personally,” Mom said. Were those tears in her eyes? “And then to spank her for being naughty. She knows the rules.”
I stood, circled the table and hugged my mother, Petunia in the way. She murmured in surprise while I grabbed Dad’s chair and pulled it closer, holding Mom’s hand. “Thanks for your birthday dinner,” I said.
Mom blinked, smiled, beamed. “You’re welcome. Will you?” She held out her wrist and the box and a moment later my fingers closed the clasp and the delicate thing dangled from her skin.
“Mom.” I sat back, biting my lower lip while she admired her gift.
“Fee.” She looked up, face quiet. “Just ask me.”
“Where was Dad Thursday night? Was he home?” Of course he was. Stupid question.
Mom didn’t answer right away and my heart stopped a beat or two while she sighed and looked down at her hands clasped in the lap of her neat pencil skirt. Her fingers toyed with her name in silver as she spoke.
“I don’t know where he was,” she said. “But I know what you’re implying, Fiona Marie Fleming, and I’m shocked by it.” Thing was, she didn’t sound shocked.
“What was between Pete and Dad, Mom?” Why did I think, after all this time, either one of my parents had changed? Just because I grew up and moved home, did I really think that was going to mean anything? Secrets. Dad loved protecting his and Mom loved protecting him.
Mom stood, kissed the top of my head. “I know being a detective is in your blood,” she whispered into my hair with enough sadness I sagged and didn’t fight her. “And though I love your father, Fee, I’m willing to tell you now I think it was a big mistake for John to keep you from pursuing a life in law enforcement.” She did? Nice to know Mom might be on my side for once. Not that it really mattered. “You’d be great at it. A chip off the block, as they say.” I looked up into her eyes. Pride there, for me. Amazing. “But please, just drop this. I’m asking you to let Crew handle it.”
I didn’t answer right away, couldn’t bring myself to nod or even murmur agreement. Because she was right, I guess. I was too much like Dad.
Mom patted my cheek, the iron finally showing again past her little smile. “Be a good girl and mind your own business,” she said from the Fleming family playbook and left the room, sad pug gazing longingly after her.

***

Chapter Sixteen

Forget trying to talk to Dad, or even find him. I helped Mom with the dishes before bundling up the pug and heading for home, actually grateful to have Petunia beside me even for that short drive. How strange, it had only taken two weeks for her to feel like a necessary part of my life. And for me to forget about Ryan. Well, mostly. I scowled through the windshield as I sped the short distance to the B&B. Thinking about my ex always riled me up, though it was gratifying to realize he wasn’t in my thoughts all that often despite the fact we were together for so long. He didn’t deserve me, I knew that. After cheating, well, he deserved a solid kick in the privates. But surely that meant I was better off, the fact I didn’t linger over him like a tongue pressing into a sore tooth?
Actually put a perk in my emotional state. Independent woman, that was me. Now, if only I could figure out what to do with the mess I was in, I’d be all set. That meant finally taking a solid look at the papers Pete Wilkins dropped in my lap, aversion to them or not.
Not to mention filling in Crew about Simon and Terri and the flower shop. And digging up that mysterious box in my garden. So much fun to be had. All while hopefully avoiding a murder rap. Good times in Reading, Vermont for Fiona Fleming.
The ladies of grim gloom were already gone when I arrived, Daisy rushing forward with her purse over her arm to kiss my cheek.
“Did she love it?” She beamed at me before hurrying past. “Got to run! Big date.”
I let her go without an argument, turning to find Petunia sitting in the middle of the foyer still in her harness, staring at me like I’d broken her big, canine heart not giving in and letting her have cheesecake. I sighed and rolled my eyes at her.
“You have tons of food that doesn’t give you gas,” I said, removing her harness before going to the guest listing on the computer to check up on business. The house felt empty though registration was as full as ever, tourists out and about, I could only imagine. It was a gorgeous night and it made sense they’d be exploring our cute little town.
I scooted downstairs to retrieve the papers before returning to the main floor, Petunia’s claws clicking their way behind me while she followed my every move. When I settled on the sofa in the front parlor, she heaved herself up beside me, head in my lap instantly, big brown eyes locked on my face.
She really shouldn’t have been on the furniture but I didn’t have the heart to tell her that. Instead, I slipped the three wrinkled sheets from the envelope and took a peek. So weird how my heart pounded and then settled while I read over the cover letter—basically telling me what Pete told me, that Grandmother Iris signed Petunia’s to him and I had about forty-eight hours to vacate—and then the two page contract in legalese that I struggled to decipher before eyeballing my grandmother’s signature on the bottom of the last page. Also signed by Pete and witnessed by someone whose name I couldn’t make out.
It was clear though, this paperwork was a photocopy of the original. Of course he’d never give me the document that proved his claim. But I wanted a look at the actual signatures, just to reassure myself this wasn’t some hoax. Though, stomach sinking and reality settling in, I sadly accepted the truth was likely something I didn’t want to face.
For whatever reason, while in the nursing home for her last days of hospice, Grandmother Iris signed away Petunia’s to a total stranger.
Now that Pete was dead, I had to talk to his heir. Getting this sorted out had to be my first priority. And maybe I could make an arrangement with whoever controlled Pete’s estate now that he was gone? I was on my feet and moving toward the front door before the groan and thud behind me stopped me in my tracks and I turned to face the unhappy pug.
“You can’t come,” I said. Winced. “And I can’t go, either.” No one to watch the place, was there? But the house stood empty and I really needed to take care of this. Did I dare just abandon my post and run off? My stern sense of responsibility kicked in before I could do something so foolish.
And instead did the only thing I could think of. I called my mother. At 7:30 at night. On her birthday. And she came without a second thought, showing up at the front door of the B&B with a beaming smile for me and a kiss for Petunia.
“Thanks, Mom,” I said, hurrying past her with Petunia on a lead. Because I was a sucker for a sad dog face. “I’ll just be a half hour.”
“Don’t worry, sweetie,” she said, waving from the door as I set a wicked pace Petunia would soon come to regret. “Go run your errands. I’m going to snoop in the kitchen.” That would drive Betty nuts if she knew. Mom’s laugh made me grin before I hustled off. Because, no, I didn’t tell my mother where I was really going. I wasn’t an idiot. I lied point blank to the woman who raised me so I could do exactly what she asked me not to.
Mind my own business. As if.
In the time it took for Mom to arrive I’d looked up Pete’s address. Just a few blocks away in the wealthiest part of town, so easily walkable. That was, for me. Petunia did her best to keep up, huffing and puffing her little pug heart out, but it was clear by the time we were halfway there this was going to be one of those times I wished I wasn’t such a softy.
“Come on, Petunia,” I said, tugging on her harness through the retractable lead. “You really need to get more exercise.”
She looked up at me, tongue hanging out, and I’m sure she was telling me off in her head. Well, this had been her idea, hadn’t it?
I rounded the corner of Wicker Street and looked up the block. Pete Wilkins had purchased the giant house at the end, the grand front entry flanked by trees and hidden partially behind a large gate and fence. But the gate stood open tonight, just my luck, as I half-dragged, half-cajoled the pudgy pug down the sidewalk toward the front door.
I just reached the crosswalk when I spotted a blonde emerging from the side gate and into the street beside the house. Thanks to the mountains, it was already feeling dark though the sky remained blue overhead, but still plenty of light to see by. Younger than me and dressed in a suit that really should have been a size bigger with a bit more cleavage coverage, she looked around as if she wasn’t supposed to be there before slipping into the front seat of a beat up little compact car and driving away. Nothing to do with me, but odd just the same as Petunia and I made our way to the front walk and up the cobbled path to the towering main door. Polished wood, dark and carved with detailed leaves and three lead lined panes of glass guarded the interior. The doorbell echoed a booming song within and I flinched at the commanding summons of it. Petunia didn’t seem to notice, just grateful, I think, to have a chance to sit and catch her breath.
The door swept open the exact moment the pug farted enthusiastically, the sound and stench about two seconds apart. The woman on the other side of the door stared at me in startled shock and neither of us spoke a long moment while Petunia’s flatulence went on for another heartbeat before she groaned her delight and licked her chops, clearly pleased with herself.
Cheese farts. The worst.
“Sorry,” I said. “The guests feed her things she shouldn’t have.” I stuck my hand out and felt the limp response from the black dressed brunette. The same one from the sheriff’s office, I realized then, someone I knew I should recognize and now understood why. No wonder Dad didn’t want to talk about her. This was Pete Wilkins’s wife, Aundrea Patterson. Well, Wilkins. But everyone knew no one really escaped the Patterson name. Reading’s most powerful founding family was rather possessive of its members from what I could recall and I doubted she was an exception. “Fiona Fleming.”
Her face tightened at my name and she dropped my hand like I’d burned her. “What do you want?”
Not that I was expecting a warm welcome or anything. Her husband died in my koi pond. But I wasn’t prepared for the vitriolic antagonism she aimed in my direction. And only then realized, like an utter idiot, it had only been a day since Pete passed and here I was looking for answers to my own problems.
I almost backpedaled out of there, cursing at myself in my head. But the young man appeared, looking enough like Pete around the edges if more his mother in height and build he had to be his son as I fish lipped and stuttered and tried to find an excuse to be there on their front step like the insensitive and heartless woman I obviously was.
“Can we help you?” At least he didn’t look like he wanted to wipe me off the bottom of his shoe. I focused on him and plunged.
“Fiona Fleming,” I said in a gush. “Your father claimed to have ownership of my bed and breakfast. I wanted to see the original paperwork so I can talk to my lawyer.” Oh, Fee. Fee, Fee, Fee.
The young man’s face tightened, arm going around the woman’s shoulders. His mother’s shoulders. Yes, he looked way more like her than the big man who I’d met once and would despise the rest of my life. Hopefully he took after her in temperament as well and not his father. Unless she was worse than Pete. I couldn’t imagine that.
“We haven’t even buried my dad yet,” he said. “I’m sorry for your business troubles, but I won’t be looking at my father’s affairs until after the funeral.” He stressed those last words until I felt about three inches high and with good reason.
“Great then,” I said, smiling like a total goof ball and skin crawling with my own inappropriateness. “Thanks for that. I’ll be in touch.”
He slammed the door in my face while I sagged and sighed, wishing I was anywhere but there.

***

Chapter Seventeen

Not only did I humiliate myself in front of the Wilkins’s, we barely made it to the end of the walk when Petunia lay down and refused to walk any further.
“Oh, no you don’t,” I said. “Up, young lady. We need to get out of here.”
But she clearly had her dose of exercise for the day and wasn’t going anywhere, her round belly heaving, pathetic pug face turned up to me like I should go on without her because she couldn’t make it another step in the falling darkness.
I don’t know if you’ve ever tried to carry a portly pug or not, but let me tell you, it’s not a pleasant process. First, she was dead weight, and she wanted to lick me in thanks or to prove her ownership of my clearly pathetic self-esteem. And the farting. I can’t even talk about the farting. No more cheese for her ever. I think I was stoned on the stench by the time I set her down in the foyer of the B&B, Mom’s smile of greeting turning to a faintly disgusted look of shock at my red face and the miasma of smell still lingering.
“Thanks, Mom,” I said, sinking to the bottom step of the main staircase to catch my breath.
“Any time, sweetie,” she said, easing toward the door while Petunia happily let another one rip. “You really should take her to the vet. I think there’s something wrong with her insides.”
I glared at Mom as she waved and left, before turning my attention to the stinky pug. “Outside,” I snapped, pointing at the kitchen. And followed her out to the back garden. Petunia found a lovely spot in the middle of the path to do her business, looking up at me with her bulging eyes as if holding eye contact was her only lifeline while she extruded a giant pile of brown and orange goo on the walkway.
Done, she grunted and sat next to it, tongue lolling out, like she was proud of her accomplishment. While I fetched the small garden shovel and buried the evidence while doing my best not to throw up.
The only benefit? She chose to have her giant, stinky dump near the crime scene. And that gave me the prompting to use said shovel on the box. First. Because no way was I getting dog poo on it.
Petunia observed with quiet concentration while I uncovered the treasure. The box, rusted and pitted but still solid, bore a newish looking padlock, the twelve inch by six inch by six inch rectangle a little heavy in my hand when I lifted it from the ground and dusted it off. A quick glance around to make sure I was alone and I was hustling down the path to the house and down the steps to my apartment, Petunia clicking her way behind me.
I set it on my kitchen counter, examining the lock. I had no idea what combination to use, the thing reminding me of high school and forgetting the slip of paper with the urgently important numbers on it usually within minutes of closing the hasp. I could just cut it off, but without the proper tool I’d be wasting my time.
The sound of footsteps upstairs and the door opening to laughing guests returning lured me away and it wasn’t until I fell into bed later that night I thought again about the odd box on my kitchen island. I stared at it the next morning over a cup of coffee but didn’t have time to do a thing about it. Sunday morning loomed and I had a huge day ahead of me.
Did I. Sundays were like Armageddon for businesses in Reading, and Petunia’s was no exception. The mass exodus of clientele met the influx of newbies to the point I was grateful to have Daisy there so I wasn’t on my own. The foyer, as big as it was, packed with people and luggage going out and coming in, overflowing often into the front sitting room while Petunia wandered between legs and rollies for her goodbye and welcome pets. Both Mary and Betty stayed out of view, bless their old, cold, withered hearts. Not like I could have used the extra hands or anything.
By the time the rooms turned over, me scrambling to change linens and clean bathrooms while Daisy reminded new guests check-in wasn’t until 1PM, a rule they ignored anyway, it was after 2:30 and I hadn’t had a chance to eat breakfast let alone pee or think or do anything but scrub, fluff and tuck.
Daisy, looking as polished and unruffled as always despite her slightly frantic approach to the morning, sat next to me with a happy sigh and sipped her coffee, helping herself to the tray of sandwiches I placed between us while Betty huffed her silent disdain for our intrusion on her domain. Let her be pissed. We’d just cleared and reloaded the entire B&B without one person losing their temper, including us. The finger sandwiches Betty made for tea were a small price for her to pay.
Daisy nibbled a corner of cream cheese and cucumber, offering a little to Petunia while I groaned but didn’t argue. The pug slorped down her portion and looked for more while I took a grateful drink of my own java.
“How was your date last night?” I could at least try to be a friend and show interest in Daisy’s life. Kudos to me for remembering she even had a date, right?
She wriggled her narrow butt on her stool, pale pink skirt riding up and her cute little matching sweater tugging at the front when she did. “Just a tourist,” she said, rolling her eyes like that meant something. “Free dinner, though.”
I loved her attitude, laughed. “So that’s your suggestion for a love life around here, huh? Date tourists for the cheap grocery bills?”
Daisy tinkled her own laugh, squeezing my hand. “Trust me,” she said, “there’s not much selection otherwise. Except that very cute and super dreamy sheriff of ours.” She sighed and propped her cleft chin in her palm while I choked on my coffee. “So handsome. And that butt in those jeans.”
Yes, I’d thought the same thing. But it was pretty clear Crew Turner and I weren’t ever meant to be anything but head butting antagonists. So I was having a hard time thinking about him like that.
That butt. Those jeans. Liar.
I set down my coffee cup, annoyed my hands shook a little. “Well, you can have him,” I said, surprised at the level of bitterness in my voice, hating I sounded like I imagined Betty and Mary were in their own heads. “And every other man on the planet.”
Daisy’s big eyes flew wider. “I didn’t know you were gay.” She patted my hand. “I shouldn’t assume.”
Oh, for the love of… “I’m not gay,” I said. “Just over men.”
She frowned a little, head tilt making her confusion clear. “But that’s impossible. Isn’t it?”
If only. “Tell my ex that the next time you see him,” I said.
She leaned toward me then, all ears. “You never did fill me in on what happened.”
It was only then I realized I didn’t want to talk about it. Or Crew, or anyone else. And that I really was over men, thank you. No, boys. Because that’s what they acted like. Even my stubborn, avoiding, frustrating father.
Daisy must have realized I wasn’t going to answer, because she let it go with the kind of grace I only wished I had at that moment. “Well, if Crew’s not your type, we’ll find you someone.” She perked. “How about that cute Jared Wilkins?” She hesitated then as if only realizing what she just said while I choked a laugh.
“Is that Pete’s son’s name?” I rolled my eyes. “Just as soon as he gets over the fact his dad died in my back garden, I’m sure we’ll be very happy together. And if he wasn’t five years younger than me.” If not more.
Daisy shrugged. “Didn’t stop Vivian.”
Do tell. “How nice for her.” Bitter, yup.
“Not like Jared gave her much of a shot, though.” Conspiracy was Daisy’s favorite. She grinned, tight and wicked. “Besides, he’s far too nice to go for anyone as horrible as her.”
Nice? Was that true? “Nothing like his dad, then?”
Daisy shook her head, honey hair bouncing. “Not a bit,” she said. “In fact, he’s super kind, volunteers and gives back to the community all the time. Even sponsored the new soup kitchen. Much more his mom Aundrea than anything.” Didn’t sound like the Pete I met briefly and hated instantly. “He’s been at odds with his father for years. In fact,” she gave another chunk of sandwich to Petunia as she spoke, “Jared and Pete had a huge fight the day before he died outside Sammy’s Coffee downtown.”
They had what? I stared at Daisy who straightened from her snack offering as if she hadn’t just dropped another suspect in my lap. Forget the coroner’s accidental death ruling. Pete’s enemies and possible murderer pool was growing by the second.
“Why didn’t you tell Crew that?” It would have possibly deflected the sheriff away from me the morning I found the body. Maybe.
Daisy’s face crumpled. “Oh, Fee,” she said. “I’m sorry. I should have, shouldn’t I? I’ll do that right away.”
No use in getting angry with her, not now. I shook my head and leaned back, forced a smile.
“It’s okay.” I felt like the rest of my life was going to be telling Daisy nothing she did was her fault. “I’ll fill him in.”
Would I. Right after I handed him Simon and Terri’s story. Because I was done being the focus of Crew’s suspect pool, thank you very much.

***

Chapter Eighteen

I left Daisy in charge and Petunia behind this time. Refused to look at the pug and her desperate sadness I was abandoning her for the great outdoors. The walk to the sheriff’s office gave me the time I needed to sort out what I was going to say. And he was going to listen, was he ever.
I should have known nothing was ever so easy, not for me. I had only just passed through the front door of the station, all indignation and self-righteousness, when I realized there was more going on than maybe I should have known about. Okay, definitely more. Because my dad stood in the main bullpen with Crew beside him, heads together, while Pamela Shard, the reporter who was also editor and manager of the local paper hovered in their threesome, listening carefully. I didn’t get a chance to ask what was going on, not when the three then disappeared behind Crew’s office door, firmly shut behind them.
I turned to Toby Miller, found her with her head down, resolutely not meeting my eyes, the deputies gone, and only she of my dad’s loyalty club to badger with questions. I think she must have known I wasn’t going away, because she finally looked up with a sigh and shook her head.
“I can’t tell you anything, Fee,” Toby said. “So just go home, please.”
“I’ve known you since I was a little girl, Toby,” I said, laying on the weight of betrayal and hurt as thick as I could. “And you’re going to take that attitude with me, of all people?”
Her mouth worked, her small, lined hands clenching on her desk in front of her. The round logo of the Curtis County Sheriff’s Department over her right breast moved up and down quickly, the fleece vest her uniform for as long as I could remember, all four seasons of the year.
“You know your father will be furious with me.” She had to try that pleading look, those brown eyes reminding me of Petunia. “I can’t, Fee.”
“Just tell me what connection Dad had to Pete Wilkins,” I said. Wheedling, now. And from the look on her face, the way she glanced at the office door, I was wearing her down.
“Fine. That much won’t hurt.” Toby leaned toward me, all eager now. Like she’d been dying to spill. Bless her. “John has been investigating Pete Wilkins for years, the two old enemies from school. John’s never trusted him and Pete proved to be about as honest as your dad expected.” She licked her lips, glancing once more at the silent office. “Fraud, building code violations, you name it, going back decades. All of his projects were under scrutiny, including the ski lodge and golf course.” Olivia wouldn’t be very happy about that. “But it all fell through just recently. Just before your father retired.” Toby leaned away, looking sad. “That’s all I can tell you.”
It was more than I needed. I knew my father, his stubbornness, his relentless pursuit of justice. What would he do if he failed in an investigation? He would go to any lengths to ensure the law was upheld. But murder? Surely he would never go that far. And why, why would he be at my place with Pete? An accident I could see. Maybe the contractor met Dad there that night to talk about the signature and Dad pushed him and…
And.
“Sheriff Turner called your dad in,” Toby said as if unable to help herself, like she hadn’t just told me she couldn’t say more. “The coroner reexamined the evidence and the bruise on Pete’s leg? Happened right before he died. Means he didn’t slip on his own. That his fall had help. And that means manslaughter at the least.”
She covered her mouth with both hands then, shook her head like she’d said too much at last.
“I need to talk to the sheriff.” I looked at the closed door. “I have some information he might be interested in. Suspects.”
Toby lurched to her feet, hands reaching for me as she hurried around her desk. I found myself being pushed backward toward the exit, panic on her face.
“Just go, Fee, please.” Why was everyone so insistent I stay out of this? You’d think she’d want me to give over evidence. Instead, she seemed worried. “Let the sheriff take care of things.”
“Do you mean Dad,” I asked, “or Crew?”
Toby hesitated and I knew exactly who she referred to. Because change in guard or not, Dad would always be her sheriff.
So was she protecting him from himself? Seemed likely. And that made me very nervous.
Before Toby could make me leave, the office door opened and Pamela exited, looking angry. Which mean neither of the men gave her the information she was clearly after. I used the distraction, skirting around the office receptionist and hurrying through the swinging door at the low gate that separated the front entry from the bullpen and stormed into the office, slamming the door shut behind me so Toby couldn’t stop me.
“I have information,” I said, a little breathless as the two men stared at me like I’d taken them both by surprise. Good, maybe they’d listen then. “Do you want it or not?”
Dad met Crew’s gaze and the two shrugged.
“Wow,” I snapped. “With that kind of enthusiasm a girl could really start to feel like she’s wanted.”
“Just tell us what you know,” Crew said like it caused him great pain to speak.
Would have served them both right if I’d turned around and marched out of there. But Petunia’s was on the line, let alone murder being back on the table. I relented, telling them about Simon and Terri before sharing Daisy’s recollection of the fight between Jared and Pete. They listened, at least, both frowning by the end of it. But neither mentioned the father/son issue, instead focusing on the flower shop.
“We already know there are other victims,” Dad said like I was wasting his time.
“News to me,” Crew said, scowling at Dad. “That doesn’t mean I’m reopening the case, John.”
The two faced off like I wasn’t there and again the boy hormone levels rose to a disgusting height.
“The man is dead,” Crew said at last. “Let it go. And trust me to handle it.” He met my eyes, his unreadable. “Now, if you’ll escort your daughter out of my office, I have work to do.”
Dad mumbled something that sounded a lot like a curse word before he turned his back on Crew, caught my arm in his hand, and began to drag me away.
“Both of you are to make yourselves available for questioning when I need to talk to you.” Crew called after us as I staggered after Dad, just tugging free of him as the new sheriff slammed his own door behind me. I scowled up at my father who glared back before turning and stomping out, still muttering to himself.
Leaving me to toss my hands and stare after him in frustration even as the smiling face of Pamela Shard invaded my personal space. Her crisp, blue suit and white shell made her feel professional enough to be a bit intimidating. Or would have if I wasn’t my father’s daughter. Not that the fact was going to stop her from trying.
“Fiona Fleming,” she said, dark, shark eyes cold, bobbed off brown hair tucked neatly behind her ears in no-nonsense sleek lines. “I have some questions for you.”

***

Chapter Nineteen

Like I was going to talk willingly to a reporter. I pushed past her, ignored her huff of indignation, rushing after my dad. Because he and I really had to talk.
I caught him halfway home, forced to run after him. But I must have shocked him because when I grabbed his arm and turned him around he stopped and stared down at me like he didn’t know who I was for a second. So lost in thought, I guess, he gave me the upper hand for probably the first time in my whole life.
“Where were you the night Pete died?” I hissed that question at him, knowing we were out in the open, that anyone could overhear but wanting to take advantage of the situation.
Dad started like I’d slapped him before shutting down. “Fishing with the guys,” he said.
At night. In the dark. Right.
“Mom doesn’t know where you went.” I hit him with that accusation.
Dad turned and started walking again. “Your mother doesn’t care where I go,” he grumbled, “because she trusts me.” He threw that at me. “Unlike my daughter. But I go fishing at the cabin with the guys overnight a lot, Fee. You’d know that if you were here.”
He did not just punish me with the fact I moved away after high school. Did not.
“Do you really think I killed someone?” Dad turned on me then, adding blow to hurt. “Really, Fee? You think I’m capable?”
“I do,” I said. “Under the right circumstances.” And I did. Because I knew Dad would do anything for Mom. Anything.
“But these circumstances?” At least he didn’t argue.
I hesitated because no, I didn’t believe it. Not on purpose. But an accident, manslaughter? In the heat of the moment, anything could happen.
We stared at each other a long moment while I struggled to say anything, while he sagged and absorbed my silence. How fun, hurting each other so deeply on a public street in probably the nosiest town in America. Dad turned at last and headed for home, head down, feet dragging a little while I stood watching him go with my heart in my shoes.
Bad daughter.
That didn’t remove my need to find out the truth, though, as sad as that was. And now that Crew was on the warpath for a suspect again, I had to try to sort this out. Okay, no. I didn’t. I could go home to the B&B, do as they all were telling me, mind my own business. But Petunia’s was at risk, my freedom challenged. And no one was willing to tell me what was going on, not really. So taking matters into my own hands? Yeah, I could do that.
Was doing that. Dad should have known he didn’t raise the kind of daughter who did what she was told. Not with his DNA hardwired into me. I stomped home to Petunia’s, sorting out my game plan. I couldn’t do much about the fight between Pete and Jared. But there was too much of a coincidence between Grandmother Iris’s situation and that of Ranjeet Jacob for me to ignore.
They’d both been old, ill and in care. That pointed to the nursing home, didn’t it? I’d been meaning to stop in and pick up the box of odds and ends my grandmother left behind. The perfect excuse to check the place out and see if there was a connection to Pete Wilkins. A long shot, okay. But I had to do something or lose my mind.
My car chugged its reluctance as I drove to my destination, but I refused to stop or turn around or go home and be a good girl. Not like going to the home was against the law or anything. Nor was looking into my own best interest.
I pulled into a spot out front of the low, long building, noting the tasteful landscaping and the fact the pale yellow building was probably overdue for a paint job. The tall sign at the gate said Reading Nursing Care, the logo likely designed in the eighties from the tacky colors and clipart appearance. I slipped out of the driver’s seat, clutching my bag to my chest, wondering what I thought I was going to accomplish, really. After all, I couldn’t barge in and demand to know if Pete Wilkins had been pressuring old people to sign away their property, could I? I snorted at my own ridiculousness and sighed as I swung the straps over my shoulders, the weight cutting in with a familiarity that brought me back to reality. Seriously, what was I thinking? Yes, I would retrieve Grandmother Iris’s things, but I was no detective. Robert had that much right.
I was so focused on beating myself up over even considering I might find answers that I almost bumped into someone exiting the building. I looked up at the last second, the sight of scuffed sneakers skimming up over torn jeans and to the lean, five o’clock shadowed face of a young man who winked at me on the way by. He stank of weed in a cloud that followed him closely and looked a little too skinny for his own good, as if smoking up replaced groceries.
I glanced at him over my shoulder, caught him leering at my ass, and flipped him the bird. He waved jaunty cheer before mounting the motorcycle I’d parked next to and drove off without a helmet. Idiot kid.
Well, I wasn’t his mother or anything. And I had my own problems. I jerked on the door, the whoosh of air conditioning and disinfectant making me gag, and entered the building.
The lobby hummed softly with the dull strains of music piped through speakers in the ceiling, rewritten classics made boringly tedious for mass consumption. My shoes squeaked on the old tiles polished to their best shine despite their age, and looked around, feeling a little lost in the dim gray of the industrial feeling space.
An office sign lured me toward it, but not before a perky voice called my name.
“Fiona!” I turned to find Peggy perched on a sofa long in need of new upholstery, Cookie in her lap with her cute, pink bow bobbing from her topknot. A clock ticked its ancient time over their heads, a doddering old man next to her, his thin, slumped body draped in a dressing gown two sizes too big for him, plaid slippers on his narrow feet. She wiped absently at the drool running down the man’s chin with a crumpled tissue, Cookie wagging her tail at the sight of me.
“Hi, Peggy.” I joined them, smiling down at the old man who looked through me with his watery eyes. He didn’t move or speak, just sat there with his loose mouth hanging open while my heart ached for him. How much of him survived in there? Or was his mind off in a better place already?
“What brings you down here today?” Peggy’s perky question just made things worse. She didn’t even seem to notice her companion wasn’t aware of her or the world around him.
“Just picking up my grandmother’s things.” I glanced at the office door. “Through there?”
She nodded enthusiastically, her faintly blue-tinted roller set dull in the florescent lights. One hand reached out and straightened the cane perched against her knee before it could fall over before returning to pat the old man’s hand. I almost asked about it, had never seen her walk with one before, but she was already pointing to the door across the foyer.
“You go talk to Ruth,” she said. “She’ll fix you right up. There she is, now.”
I turned and watched a tall, large woman in a white dress with a stethoscope around her neck exit the office, her giant feet squashed into big sneakers. There was something so familiar about her face, past the chin length bob that did nothing for the blockiness of her features, the faint gloss she wore on her lips as if convention called for it, the way her big hands seemed more suited to construction than nursing. But it was clear her role and I left Peggy to go talk to the grumpy looking woman who glared at me like I was interrupting her perfectly orderly day.
“I’m Fiona Fleming,” I said, offering my hand which disappeared into the massive one she extended, the firmness of her shake so violent I was happy to have my fingers back in one piece.
“Ruth Wilkins,” she said. And my entire world froze while she frowned down at me.
“Pete’s sister?” Had to be.
“Better than being his murderer,” she said.

***

Chapter Twenty

I wasn’t expecting that kind of response, considering I’d just found out the looming woman was the victim’s relative, though the more I stared up at her the more their powerful resemblance turned me into a stuttering, stammering idiot.
“Mrs. Fleming’s things are in the office,” Ruth said, brushing past me with the kind of presence a freight train might command, even the lightest touch from her big arm making me feel bruised. “Good day to you, Miss Fleming.”
I watched her lumber away, caught Peggy’s unhappy frown and head shake and shrugged it off. I had to live in this town and encounters with those who knew Pete—for better or worse—were going to happen. Hopefully the more time between his death and some other scandal would ease the discomfort of being thought of as the primary suspect.
I was dreaming of course. Reading residents had long, long memories.
The office was about as nicely lit as the foyer with the same buzzing, flickering fluorescent lights and the exact old vinyl tile now grayed out and flecked with who knew what. A clunky desk tucked in one corner, ancient gray filing cabinets lining the back wall and a heavy wooden door with a smoked glass pane dominating the top center in the far corner with “Ruth Wilkins, Administrator,” etched on it.
So, head nurse and the boss? I nodded to the young woman behind the desk as she blinked at me past her thick glasses, stringy dark hair puddling in unattractive chunks on her narrow shoulders. She picked absently at a cold sore at the corner of her thin mouth while I glanced around. Noting the large photograph of who had to be staff behind her, Ruth’s giant form filling the middle of the image with a grimace likely meant to be a smile.
No one else looked happy to be there.
“Can I help you?” The receptionist’s voice matched the rest of her, high pitched and rather wheezy. She inhaled from a blue puffer, still staring while I offered a quick smile, feeling like I had, indeed, wasted my time. Well, it was mine to waste, wasn’t it?
“I’m here for Iris Fleming’s things.” Both of my hands clenched at the straps of my purse over my shoulder and I had to force an inhale and relax them before I lost circulation. Why was I so wound up? The smell of this place wasn’t helping, nor the awkward encounter with Ruth. And knowing I’d come on an errand that would likely end with a box of old nightgowns and regret made my shoulders sag.
“Right. Just a sec.” The young woman stood, tugging at her ugly brown cardigan, the pockets laden to overflowing with used tissues and a box of what looked like breath mints. I glanced away as she shuffled in her practical shoes across the office about as fast as a turtle might hustle to a pile of boxes in the corner near Ruth’s office door. Searching for a distraction, I studied the photo behind the desk, recognizing the receptionist where she squashed up against her boss with the most awkward smile I’d ever seen. And spotted a face I hadn’t expected.
I knew her, but not personally. That pretty blonde in the second row with the big eyes and unhappy expression. I’d seen her yesterday leaving the Wilkins’s house. Sneaking out the side yard and driving off like she didn’t want to be noticed.
So she worked here, did she? Well, good for her. This was a small town, after all. People were connected to places and each other in oddly layered ways. Still, I couldn’t help my curious mind’s pondering as the receptionist shuffled back to the desk and deposited a small cardboard box, sealed shut with a single strip of packing tape, one end flapping loose as if it had been too much effort to fix it. In big, messy capitals, IRIS FLEMING glared back at me from the surface.
“ID please.” I fished out my wallet, showed her my New York driver’s license which she squinted at a moment before shrugging like it didn’t matter anyway. “Sign here.” The young woman produced a pen with the end chewed to a flat line, still moist from her mouth, I could only imagine, and a battered clipboard with a sheet of paper clinging under the wobbly clamp. I put my wallet away before accepting the pen from her, scrawling my name as fast as I could, hoping the cold sore she bore wouldn’t transfer to my fingers from the pen and planning to douse myself in cleanser from the dispenser on the way out.
I left, heart heavy, two pumps of clear gel making my skin dry out as I rubbed vigorously, using my shoulder to push the glass door wide. There was no sign of Peggy and just as well. I wasn’t in the mood to talk to anyone, not with the last worldly possessions of my grandmother from her deathbed tucked under one arm.
I sat in the car a long moment, the box in my lap, staring down at her name and the loose flap of dirty tape and wondered if this was what life came to, in the end. My fingers grasped the tape and jerked, pulling loose most of her name with it when it tore the top of the box’s surface free, the flaps popping open. Only then did I realize they’d recycled this box, that someone shipped something innocuous and unimportant in the container that held the last bits and pieces of Iris Fleming.
Fury gave me a pounding headache, instant and overwhelming and I had to fish in my purse for a tissue as tears flowed. I blew my nose for the woman I barely knew and emptied the offending box out onto the passenger’s seat, tossing the cardboard in the back so it wouldn’t touch Grandmother Iris’s things ever again.
I was right about the spare nightgown, the faded slippers. A single hair clip with a butterfly on it, costume jewelry at its finest. My fingers trembled as I touched it and, on impulse, I pinned it in my hair before setting aside the pale pink housecoat and stopped in surprise when a folded letter fell out of the pocket and slid down between the seat and the console. A bit of grunting and swearing and I had the envelope, staring down at it and the crease that divided my father’s name in two.
I should have just taken it to him, let him open it. Addressed to him or not, though, I felt closer to Grandmother Iris in that moment than I ever had and my fingers tore open the flap before I could stop myself.
And found myself absorbed in the contents:
Dear John,
You were correct about Pete Wilkins, and in exactly the way you expected. I’ve heard enough rumors in this place to uncover he is not only a fraud and a liar but he really has been using the elderly as a means to acquire property.
So Grandmother Iris was investigating herself, was she? Even gravely ill and on her death bed. Well, I came by my nosiness honestly.
I suspect many things I can’t prove, but you must investigate Ruth Wilkins as well at this juncture. She and her brother have been speaking frequently behind closed doors and I’m certain she is part of his crimes.
That would make sense. I frowned at Grandmother Iris’s scribbled handwriting and had to forgive her the messiness. She’d been in a terrible state. Would I even have been able to form a sentence in her condition, post stroke, let alone write an entire letter?
Pete isn’t the one acquiring the signatures. Whoever is doing it, I will uncover the truth. But they only target those who have not had their power of attorney removed as you suspected so the sign overs are legal and binding. I will attempt to play dumb and perhaps take the risk of Petunia’s if the opportunity presents. If so, I will find a way to tell you in my signature who it is had me sign.
I gasped and looked up, staring out the windshield and shaking. Grandmother Iris knew exactly what she was doing. But, sadly, it sounded like she’d actually signed over Petunia’s. I needed another look at what she’d written. Because from the sounds of things the whole case against Pete and his underhanded takeover of property could rest in my grandmother’s signature.
For now, be well and be brave, as always.
My love, Mother
I needed to take this letter to Dad. That’s why, five minutes later, I parked outside the sheriff’s office and carried it inside. And handed it to Crew Turner instead.
Traitor.

***

Chapter Twenty One

The hard, wooden chair was about as uncomfortable as I remembered it from a few days ago but this time at least I felt like I had the upper hand. Crew read through the letter a few times while I fidgeted and tried not to demand he run out and investigate not only Pete Wilkins but his sister, Ruth. Instead, my foot bobbing at the end of my crossed legs, I shifted positions about three million times while sighing over and over again.
When Crew finally looked up, he had that pinched, unhappy expression I’d come to discover was his expression of choice. Or maybe it was just with me. That unsettling thought vanished as he leaned back in his own chair, springs creaking, and set the letter in front of him.
“You could have taken this to your dad,” he said, soft, subdued.
“I know.” I shifted again, but this time out of discomfort I was even here. The fact I had turned coat and brought the evidence to the new sheriff wasn’t lost on me. “But Dad isn’t in that seat anymore, Crew. You are. And he doesn’t have the power to do anything about it.” I left that hanging. Hoping, “You do,” left unsaid, didn’t need to be.
Crew nodded, frown smoothing out. “I do appreciate your faith in me.” Irony there, and some sarcasm. “But I’m not sure what I can do with the word of a woman who had suffered a major stroke and was dying in a nursing home when she wrote this.”
“Seriously?” I gaped at him, wishing now I had taken the letter to Dad after all and screw this useless excuse for a—
“However.” Crew cut me off with one raised index finger. I distinctly disliked him in that instant, so much so the very sight of him made me want to throw something at his handsome face. Mess it up a little. Leave him something to remember me by while I languished in prison for assault.
I sat back, arms crossing over my chest while he seemed to mull things over.
“How much do you know about your father’s case against Pete Wilkins?” I wasn’t expecting that question and it jerked me out of my sullen anger.
“Nothing,” I said. “Feel like filling me in?”
Crew drew a breath before shaking his head. “He never told you anything?”
“You’ve met John Fleming, right?” I grunted a swear word.
Crew laughed then and I forgot for a moment I was supposed to hate his cowardly guts. Because he had this velvety laugh that had warm edges and the kind of depth that stirred things long left unstirred.
“Fee, I need to be honest.” He settled then, rubbing at his face with both hands, looking tired and a bit vulnerable. How refreshing. And made me listen even more than the chance I might find out what the hell was going on. “I’ve read the information your dad had against Pete. Pretty solid case, for all. But it fell apart because John lost his distance.” Crew hesitated. “You’re not throwing a hissy fit?”
I rolled my eyes. “Just spit it out.”
“Frankly, I’d have reopened the case, gone looking for new evidence. Except Pete Wilkins is dead.” He fixed me with that blue eyed gaze. “And to be completely honest you and your father are at the top of my suspect list. Well, John, anyway.”
I opened my mouth to protest but Crew shook his head and stood, coming to my side, taking my hand and pulling me to my feet. I was acutely aware of how close I stood to him then, of the scent of the aftershave he wore, the fact he used the same laundry detergent as we did at Petunia’s. And that he really, really was delicious.
“I don’t think you killed Pete,” he said, voice low and deep. “But I need to cover all my bases. Okay?”
“You think Dad did it.” Well, wasn’t I moving and shaking along the same lines? Guilty, guilty, guilty.
“I think I’m going to thank you for bringing evidence to my attention and get back to my job.” He grasped me lightly by the upper arm and guided me to his office door. I let him, knowing it was foolish to try to push him at this point. And that if I was going to get anywhere proving Dad didn’t kill Pete I had to do it on my own.
Crew must have sensed where my thoughts were or just guessed I wasn’t done because he looked down into my eyes, his own full of sincerity and all my resentment toward him leaked out of me.
“I’ve asked you to stay out of this,” he said, “and I know now that’s not going to work. But Fiona, if you get hurt because you’re poking around in things that aren’t your problem, your father will kill me.”
I shrugged. “Then you two stop being idiots to each other and find out who killed Pete.”
I left then, feeling a bit like I’d won a victory, positive of one thing. If my dad did do it, I’d be the first to know. Because no way was I stopping now.
It wasn’t hard to become so absorbed in my next steps I barely remembered driving back to the B&B, nor parking my car in the driveway or even entering the foyer. But the sight of Daisy flapping her hands at me, eyes wide and cheeks pale but for two bright pink points caught my attention and pulled me out of my thoughts quickly enough.
Petunia joined us as Daisy hurried to me and whispered in my ear, the pug sitting firmly on the toes of my shoes.
“I couldn’t make her leave,” my old bestie whispered loud enough I’m sure they heard her upstairs. “I’m sorry.”
I glanced in the sitting room as she gestured with what I’m sure was meant to be a subtle motion but looked like frantic flailing. And found Pamela Shard sitting on the old fashioned sofa smiling at me.
“Miss Fleming,” the newspaper woman said. “I’ve been waiting for you.”

***

Chapter Twenty Two

She didn’t rise or try to pursue me and she didn’t have to. Small town. I could run and maybe try to hide, but eventually I’d have to face her. With a small sigh I shuffled out from under Petunia’s warm butt and entered the room, offering my hand.
“I’m not going to tell you anything,” I said with a smile.
Pamela laughed while Petunia grunted her way onto the sofa next to her. The fact the well-dressed reporter took the time to scratch the pug under the chin and behind her ears was at least proof she had a heart buried under there. I sank into the chair opposite while my visitor leaned toward me, hands now clasped before her, dark blue suited elbows on her skirted knees.
“Why don’t I talk then,” she said, brown eyes on the amber side in the light from the tall windows. “About the fact you no longer own Petunia’s.”
I couldn’t breathe, couldn’t speak. She went on while I struggled to survive.
“I know all about it,” Pamela said. “I’ve been working on an exposé about the whole sordid and horrible affair. Legal, despite the lack of ethics behind it.” She winced then as if wanting to say more before she jabbed one finger in my direction and sat back to pat Petunia, her tone turning from smug confidence to a hint of compassion. “Your grandmother was a great woman, Fee. I knew her for a long time. And I always trusted her judgment.” She held my eyes. “She told me she wrote your father a letter about what she’d uncovered, that Pete Wilkins had accomplices.” She said his name as if she had her own axe to grind with him. “But she died before I could find out who was part of it.”
“Ruth, she thought.” I shook my head, looked away. Didn’t matter what I said now.
“You read the letter?” Pamela’s hopes spiked and then clearly fell as she sighed. “So no evidence.”
I shrugged, paused. “Maybe,” I said. And made a decision to trust her with the last bit I hadn’t shared with Crew. “I’ll be right back.”
Less than a minute later the two of us sat, Petunia between us, on the sofa in the front room, staring intently at Grandmother Iris’s signature. “She said it would be here.” Frustrating, not knowing what I was looking for. It just looked like her name to me.
“This is wrong.” Pamela shook her head, squinting at the line of scrawl. “This isn’t Iris’s normal signature.”
Well, there was that. “She had a stroke. That might have changed her handwriting.” A long shot. “Could I use that to contest the sign over?” Maybe it wasn’t her writing after all? Come to think of it, the more I looked at it, the more I realized Pamela was likely right. This signature lacked the kind of shaky unsteadiness that marked the handwriting from the letter I’d given to Crew. No way did Grandmother Iris’s palsy steady so she could sign so cleanly.
“Possibly.” Pamela sat back with a sigh. “Certainly makes things interesting from a legal point of view. Except, Fee, I think this proves your grandmother didn’t get to sign. Or finger the person who actually gained the signatures. Because stroke or no stroke, she would have followed through with her word, especially to John.”
“Personally, I’m okay with that,” I said. “If it means Petunia’s is still legally mine.”
Pamela nodded then, faint smile unhappy. “There is that blessing,” she said. “The only trouble is all the other victims aren’t so lucky.” Why did she sound like she took that personally? If I’d learned anything, everyone in this town had something to hide.
“How many victims?” Dad must know. But Pamela was here to ask.
“I’ve tracked down over twenty,” she said. “All out of state, and not one of them willing to contest the signatures. Even the three out of town lawyers I spoke to said the paperwork was legal.” She paused then, looking a little embarrassed. “If your grandmother’s wasn’t, what changed?” Good question. “I meant to bring all of this to your father despite the consequences.” Her eyes flickered to me when she said it, pushed on like I wasn’t supposed to pay attention to her slip or ask her what she meant about consequences exactly. I let her have her subterfuge. “And then he retired when Iris died and I just don’t trust the new boy yet.”
That made two of us. Or did it?
“So we both agree there’s a loose thread here,” I said. “If Pete was targeting out of towners to ensure no one found out, why change that now? Mr. Jacob was pretty well known around here. Surely Pete would expect someone to find out he was taking advantage of a local. And to go after Grandmother Iris after Dad had a case built against him…”
“But your father’s case fell apart,” Pamela said. “For reasons I believe had nothing to do with John’s police work, no matter what Crew Turner says.” Loyalty to my dad made me agree. “Still, you’re right. I’m thinking whoever Pete has on the inside acquiring the signatures has their own agenda now. For whatever reason.”
“Ruth?” It made the most sense.
“Indeed.” Pamela stared at the paperwork in her lap. “As for the Jacob’s, well, I had thought Simon was into other things. And perhaps that’s kept him silent.” She flinched then as if she’d said more than she wanted.
“Like?” Yeah, worth a shot.
She just smiled then. “I can take this to my lawyer friends if you want. Compare the signatures.” She seemed eager now. As if she’d been waiting a long time to be able to act.
I shook my head, taking the papers back from her while she sighed her disappointment. “Now that I have reason to suspect this isn’t Grandmother Iris’s handwriting, I can take it from here.” I had more I could tell her, but did I dare? Instead, I went fishing. “For all we know, it was Aundrea Wilkins, the wife, who helped him with this.” That was logical too, wasn’t it?
The look of sheer shock and skepticism on Pamela’s face made me pause. So, was she instead maybe the reporter’s source? Part of the consequences she mentioned? That would make sense, especially since Pamela lurched to her feet and offered her hand, suddenly in a hurry to get away from me.
Bullseye.
“Thank you for your trust in me,” Pamela said, handing me her card. “I’ll be in touch. Fee.” She paused one more moment, hand squeezing mine. “I’m here to help.”
I watched her go, hugging the papers and her information to my chest while my mind churned. Suddenly the interior of the B&B was just too much for me. I lurched for the front door, needing air, Petunia pattering along beside me. When I paused to look down into her face, I sighed as she hooked me with those brown eyes.
“Fine,” I grumbled, reaching for her harness hanging by the door. “But I’m not carrying you this time.”
She grunted her agreement. Such a liar.
Five minutes later, while I stared across the street at the front door of Jacob’s Flowers and considered my course of conversation with Terri, I hesitated. It was Simon I needed to talk to. He’d been the reticent one. But would he tell me what happened? His wife seemed to be in the dark about what really went down. What kind of deal did Simon strike with Pete Wilkins to keep the flower shop? Or, like Grandmother Iris, did he uncover the signature was a fake?
I was about to cross, a small pack of tourists brushing by me with their cell phones snapping endless pictures, when I spotted the alley door of Jacob’s pop open and Simon exit. He looked around as if hoping no one would see him in the afternoon bustle before disappearing down the alley into the next street over.
Impulse moved my feet, hurrying me across the asphalt with a wave for the car that pulled to a stop to let us go by, Petunia huffing along beside me. Because dragging a lazy pug along while I followed a suspect was about as sneaky as I got.

***

Chapter Twenty Three

Simon was in a hurry and I did end up hefting Petunia a time or two so I could keep up. I was sweaty and frustrated by the time we reached the other side of town, about ten blocks of swearing at the pug for not being more athletic and waving off the occasional dog fart.
I almost lost Simon twice, though Reading was small enough it was easy to take a side street and catch up again. He wasn’t exactly trying to hide his movements, but he kept his head down and seemed like he was a man on a mission. I had no idea why it felt important to follow him, except I guess I was just so frustrated by my lack of answers and all the questions hanging around me a bit of an adventure—fruitless and a waste of time or not—made me feel like I was at least accomplishing something.
When he crossed the street at the end of the block, heading for a small, seedy spot, I grunted and set Petunia down, pissed at myself for the whole waste of time. A bar. So he was a drinker, big deal. I’d hustled all this way just to watch Simon Jacob have a beer.
Except he didn’t go to the front door of The Orange with its aptly painted entrance. Instead, he entered the side alley. I eased my way down the street and kept an eye on him, watching as he paused next to a young man loitering in the narrow way. And started. I knew that kid, had almost bumped into him at the nursing home. The two spoke for a moment, something changing hands. And then, without further conversation, Simon knocked on a side door that swung open a moment later, the dull gray hiding whoever stood behind it and let him in.
I watched a long time but nothing else happened. Dozens of scenarios crossed my mind, but the most obvious had to be the truth. I’d seen enough drug exchanges on the streets of New York to know one when I saw one. No, I’d never made a buy myself. Not that I was uninitiated. Ryan and his friends had enough weed around I got stoned some nights just from breathing the air in the living room. But it wasn’t my thing, not by a long shot. Not with a sheriff for a father, though I’m sure some would think rebellion would drive me in that direction.
Pamela mentioned Simon was into other things. This was clearly one of them.
But there was no way of knowing for sure unless I talked to the young man who made the supposed sale. Hand firm on Petunia’s leash, knowing it was stupid and likely dangerous, I gathered my nerve and inhaled to take a step forward. Just as the small econobox pulled up and the blonde girl from the Wilkins’s house got out.
The same girl from the staff photo at the nursing home.
I held still, Petunia happy to be sitting tight, and watched as the young woman spoke to the young man with her head close to his and an unhappy expression on her face. I don’t think, in retrospect, I could have been more obvious, staring at them the way I did and with really no excuse to be standing there for so long if I wasn’t spying. But neither seemed to notice me, carrying on a heated conversation far too quiet for me to make out over the infrequent cars that drove past. The girl then turned her back on the young man and climbed into her car, driving away while he lit a cigarette and looked up, meeting my eyes.
I hurried away, dragging Petunia behind me, kneejerk reaction to being caught. But something was clearly going on and I intended to find out what.
I stopped in to my parent’s house on the way home on impulse. I really had to talk to Dad, even if he wasn’t telling me anything himself. Mom greeted Petunia with a kiss for her squish face, a bowl of water after tsking at me for letting the poor beast get dehydrated—I’d carried her most of the way, so I was the thirsty one, but whatever—and a banana all to herself.
“John’s not here,” Mom said, the last of the mushy fruit disappearing down the dog’s throat while she pathetically gazed at my mother like she was starving and wouldn’t she share just one more bite?
Of course he wasn’t. That would be too easy. “Where is he?” I felt like I had proverbial ants in my pants. I needed to dump what I’d seen and Dad was the only person I could think of who might do something about it, sheriff anymore or not.
“The pub,” Mom said with her long suffering forced joviality. “With the boys. Probably playing darts.”
I thought of The Orange and its—no pun intended—seedy appearance. But that wasn’t Dad’s hangout. The Harp and Thorn was an Irish rip off the locals called authentic where the old boys liked to hang out. I scooted home, left Petunia in Daisy’s tender care and immediately headed for the pub in question.
Talk about a tourist haven, from the excessively Tudor exterior to the high ceilings and all wood interior, the giant bar and the girls dressed in green. I spotted a few gents in the back tossing darts, but not the hulking form of my dad.
A quick inquiry with the bartender gave me a chill.
“Haven’t seen John all day,” Patrick Huss said, slurring slightly, his hazel eyes watery, red veins standing out on his nose. Sampling the wares a bit too much, was he? Not my problem. He owned the place, so if he wanted to drink his profits that was his business, quite literally. And the fact he’d been a bit of a booze hound in high school didn’t make this realization a stretch.
It was a long, slow walk despite only being a few blocks to the B&B while I pondered the truth. Dad told Mom he was at the pub. Dad wasn’t at the pub. Dad told me the night Pete died he’d gone fishing with the guys. If I cornered any of them, would they give me the same story? Or was he lying about that, too?
The sullen Jones ladies of Petunia’s were gone when I arrived back, and just as well. I hadn’t had much in the way of conversation with either of them the last few days, both of them with their heads down doing their work and staying out of my path. Fair enough. Seemed love wasn’t lost in either direction.
Daisy fled as soon as I gave her the go ahead, waving at me and blowing a kiss for Petunia whose farts now distinctly smelled of bananas. An improvement, I guess. I fed her dinner, fielding a few calls from new visitors and stocking up a guest or two with towels and—what was wrong with these people and their digestive systems?—toilet paper before retiring with a cup of coffee in the back garden to think.
I didn’t get to sit on the white wicker bench in the far corner and enjoy my drink. Not when I spotted someone poking around, a distinctive someone who had absolutely no business being in my place.

***

Chapter Twenty Four

My coffee mug spilled sideways as I slammed it down on the side table and huffed my way to the koi pond where Vivian French peered into the water like she’d find the answers I’d been looking for.
“Vivian.” She squealed and spun at the sound of my voice. One high heel stuck in the soil, digging a big hole as she turned and jerked her foot free, shaking mud from her shoe with a look of disgust. “What are you doing here?”
“Fee.” She clasped one manicured hand to her chest, fluttering her fake lashes at me while she tossed her ice blonde hair. Today’s outfit consisted of a pale pink suit that fit her like it was made for her and brought out the faint tan of her skin. “I brought the bread order, didn’t Daisy tell you?”
That sickly sweet tone told me she’d done nothing of the kind and was only here to satisfy her morbid curiosity. Petunia, meanwhile, chose that exact moment to do something she never, ever did. With a soft grunt and a fart of epic proportions, she stood up on her hind legs and pawed at the front of Vivian’s suit. Two long, dirty paw prints stretched down the length of her skirt, claws hooking into the knee of Vivian’s hose and tearing a giant hole in her stockings before the pug landed on all fours again with a satisfied groan.
“BEAST!” Vivian vainly swiped at the muddy prints, making a bigger mess than Petunia had. I almost laughed, so very close. The dog knew better. Grandmother Iris trained her pugs to stay down off the guests, to be polite and quiet and endearing to everyone. For whatever reason, Madam Petunia the Fourth either lost her mind for a moment or felt exactly the same about our unwelcome visitor as I did.
“What a shame,” I said. “Guess you should run along home and change.”
“This is a Grace Fiore suit,” Vivian snarled.
“And this is my property,” I shot back. “Since I don’t recall inviting you, you can leave. Now.”
Vivian’s eyes narrowed, nasty smile pulling at her overly full lips. “That’s not what I heard,” she said, hissing spite putting a snake to shame. “Maybe I need to talk to Jared about acquiring this dump from him. So I can bulldoze it and turn it into a respectable hotel.”
How the hell did she…?
Vivian’s expression turned to delighted disdain. “Word gets around, dear Fanny,” she said, flicking her fingers at me.
It wouldn’t have taken much, just a quick shove, really. A lurch forward and two hands on her shoulders and she’d be in the pond. That thought froze me in place. Was that how Dad felt? When he pushed Pete? But no, I didn’t know for sure it was my father, did I? So, the killer, manslaughter or premeditated or whatever. Yes, it would be that easy.
I’m not sure what came across my face that made Vivian seem suddenly so uncomfortable but instead of continuing to prod me she paled and eased sideways onto the path, her dirty high heel trailing mud onto the stones. I looked down to find my hands in fists at my sides, Petunia staring up at me in studied silence, and figured I had to look like I’d killed Pete Wilkins with my bare hands.
Probably not the best expression to have on my face at that moment, not when a familiar voice interrupted.
“Ladies.” Crew appeared beside me, frowning at me before nodding quickly to Vivian.
Her face instantly brightened, her fear gone, a look of proprietary hunger crossing over her before she settled on that prom queen perfection she’d managed to cultivate since childhood.
“Crew.” There was the eyelash flutter again, the sultry tone of voice, the hip cock despite her dirty state. “How lovely to see you.”
“Vivian.” I fought a smirk at how uncomfortable he sounded all of a sudden. “How are you?”
Small talk? So there was something between them, but it didn’t end well. Or was still devolving, at least in his estimation if not hers.
“You didn’t call me last night.” Her duck lips made her look more ridiculous despite the clear attempt to make him feel guilty for breaking her heart. “You promised.”
“I’ve been busy with the case.” Why did he look guilty when he met my eyes? So they were dating.
“You still owe me a dinner,” Vivian said. “I’ve been ever so patient.”
Ah, the truth came out at last. No date, but she wasn’t quitting. Fascinating, in a stomach clenching kind of way. And about as much as I was willing to take.
“Vivian was just leaving.” I turned my body sideways, gesturing for the kitchen door. She glared at me as if I’d interrupted her best laid plans before deciding she’d lost this round and tossing her head one last time.
“I’ll be back,” she said to me, teeth vicious in her grin. “With Jared. Crew.” Amazing how she could shift herself like that, from pit viper to alluring seductress faster than I could take a breath. But she managed it somehow before drifting past, backside swaying in a way that was likely meant to keep Crew’s attention. And when I glanced his way, I sighed to find she’d done her job there, at least.
He flinched when she disappeared and caught me watching him. “She’s…”
“A pain in the ass and not someone you want to trust.” I strode past him for the kitchen door, checking to make sure she’d really left and wasn’t snooping around. Nope, from the sound of her car driving off she’d really gone. Good.
Crew followed me inside, the ticking of Petunia’s claws hiding the sound of his footsteps. I was halfway downstairs to my apartment before I froze, remembering the box on my kitchen counter. The very box I’d dug up from the crime scene and hadn’t told him about. Crew bumped into me with a soft sound of surprise before I sprinted the rest of the way down and hopped up on the counter, my butt hiding the box which I tucked ungracefully into a nook, sliding a bowl of fruit to one side to shield the rest of the view.
Crew’s frown of concern was more this chick is nuts than she’s hiding something, so I took that as a win.
“You’re here for a reason?” I’d just seen him not so long ago. Petunia sat at my feet, looking back and forth between us as Crew sat on a stool and shrugged, elbows on the counter, muscular forearms showing where he’d rolled up the sleeves of his tan uniform shirt. He had a tattoo on his right wrist, looked like an anchor and a skull. How interesting. And irrelevant.
“I did my best,” he said, “but I figured after you came to me today I should at least warn you.”
That didn’t sound good. “Of?” Hiding the box was silly, really. He had no proof I dug it up from the back garden. And there could be something waiting in there that might help the case. Grandmother Iris had proven a smart cookie. Should I just pull it out and get him to help me open it?
“State troopers are getting involved.” That froze me in place and all thoughts of sharing went out the window. “Because of your father’s old investigation, they’ve decided they need to look into Pete’s death personally.”
Was that a bad thing?
“Fiona.” Crew swallowed. “If either of you had anything to do with the murder I can’t protect you.”
Silence for a moment while I processed that. So, he really did think Dad killed Pete. A trained investigator, a sheriff. Thought Dad was a murderer. The same thing that had been bouncing around with increasing difficulty to ignore in my own head.
“We don’t need your protection,” I said with as much conviction as I could muster. “Because neither of us had anything to do with it.”
Crew’s mouth opened and for a long time he looked like he was going to protest. And then he shrugged and stood like this was my last chance to come good and he’d been disappointed by my lack of admission of guilt.
“They’ll be here midweek,” he said. And left. While the corner of Grandmother Iris’s strange metal box dug into my butt and I wondered if Crew would offer Dad the same warning he just handed me.

***

Chapter Twenty Five

I sat on the counter for a good five minutes after Crew had gone, pondering my next steps. When I slid forward and hit the tile, I turned and pulled the box toward me, staring down at the padlock, fingers running over the pitted metal of the rectangle. I tried a few combinations, absent and not believing their usability. My birthday, Dad’s, Mom’s. Even Grandmother Iris’s. Nothing. And still without the means to break the lock.
I carried it into my bedroom, tucking it under the bed, sinking to the quilt. Whatever the box contained, I had other things to think about right now.
It was an uneasy night’s sleep and a bleary cup of coffee endured with sideways stares from Mary and Betty while they served breakfast in the main dining room the next morning—a bright and sunny Monday—before I actually admitted to myself there was a real possibility Dad was in a lot of trouble. And while there was a chance something else was behind Pete’s death, I couldn’t help but go back to the property acquisitions through unethical means as the reason for the contractor’s murder. I needed to see the original document, the one my grandmother supposedly signed, with a copy of her actual signature in my hands for comparison.
But Jared wouldn’t talk to me, nor would his mother, Aundrea. The funeral hadn’t happened yet and might be put off for some time if the state troopers had their own investigation to do. That meant going to the source myself.
The audacity of the idea appealed to me. As soon as breakfast was over, the guests out and about for the day, I left Daisy to man the phones and, leaving unhappy Petunia behind as well, stuffed the photocopy of the paperwork and an old signed letter from my grandmother into my purse and hit the sidewalk.
Pete’s office was just down the block from the coffee shop where Daisy claimed to have witnessed the two Wilkins’s having a fight. I stopped in to chat with the baristas at Sammy’s Coffee, but neither of the girls working had any recollection of the argument and it was busy enough at the counter I was quickly aware I wasn’t welcome if I didn’t have an order to place.
The late morning sunshine was at distinct odds with my mood while I paused outside Sammy’s and stared across the street at Wilkins Construction Inc. Jaw about as set as my determination, I strode forcefully to the glass door and jerked it open, stepping into the air conditioning with battle in mind.
Only to stop and stare at the blonde girl from the Wilkins’s house, the same girl in the staff photo at the nursing home. The very girl who seemed to know the supposed drug dealer working beside The Orange. Too many links and crossovers to be small town coincidence.
She stared at me in shock, like she knew me, face paling out except for some red blotches that traveled down her throat and into her cleavage. She dressed a lot like a professional girl who didn’t understand propriety very well, or understood it on the other end of professional, if you know what I mean. Suit a bit too tight, shirt unbuttoned one too many, skirt needing two or three inches to be really office worthy. But there was an innocence to her that didn’t raise my hackles, instead calming me and giving me confidence here was someone who had information I could use.
“Fiona Fleming,” I said, sticking out my hand with a real smile.
She hesitated before taking it, but when she shook it her grip was firm and authentic. “Alicia Conway,” she said. “What can I do for you?”
“I’m looking for paperwork Mr. Wilkins had in his possession, supposedly signed by my grandmother.” I pulled the copies out to show the girl who took them and nodded, swallowing hard. She suddenly seemed nervous and didn’t act surprised, handing them back after barely a glance.
“Petunia’s,” she said. “Yes.”
So, she was in on this whole thing? I found that hard to believe, not with the way she seemed upset by my presence but not guilty. Just sad.
“You work at the nursing home.” I didn’t frame it as a question. Let Alicia think I knew far more than I did.
She gulped, shrugged. “I used to,” she said. “Pete—Mr. Wilkins—hired me three months ago to be his personal assistant.” She tugged at the hem of her skirt like the length wasn’t her idea. I’d despised him pretty much right away but knowing he’d bullied this girl into the kind of clothes she wore made me all the more nauseated.
“Did you know what your boss was up to?” I tucked the papers back into my bag, leaving that open question hanging between us.
Alicia shook her head, blonde curls trembling, color flooding her face to her perfectly drawn eyebrows. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“But you said you did,” I said. “Petunia’s.”
She hesitated, clamped her lips shut. “Please,” she whispered. “I can’t help you.”
Frustrated irritation cut through my kindness and even knowing I was suddenly playing the bully didn’t stop me. “I need to know what’s going on.”
Alicia shook her head again, a quick movement, eyes averted. “I’m sorry.”
Well, it wasn’t like I could beat information out of her or anything. Could I? Sigh. But I could try a threat. “If I find out you were part of this—”
She gasped softly, face falling, sorrow returned. It was a long time before she spoke, hands clasping her elbows as if that grip was all she had to hold herself together.
“Pete didn’t keep any important papers here,” she said, voice shaking and just loud enough to hear. She looked up, eyes catching mine, hers full of tears, long lashes thick with mascara sticking together thanks to the heavy moisture. “If you want to find what you’re looking for, check the site trailer at the equestrian center he was building. Near Carter’s Creek.” She licked her lips. “That’s all I know.”
I could have prodded her further, but Alicia gave me more than anyone I’d talked to so far. And the poor girl really looked like she’d just put herself in genuine danger.
“Thank you,” I said, pulling back on the mean girl attitude. “Are you okay?”
Alicia sobbed once, wiped at her nose with a shaking hand. “If you leave.”
Okay then. “Call the sheriff if you’re in trouble.” It was the best I could do if she wouldn’t take help from me. “Alicia.” If Ruth was involved as Grandmother Iris suggested in her letter, was she threatening the girl?
She bobbed a nod before laughing softly. “You have no idea.”
Maybe I shouldn’t have left her there. Whatever trouble she was in, she’d likely put herself in it. That didn’t mean I should be heartless or care less about her. But if she wasn’t willing to help herself… still, maybe she was trying, giving me the directions she did.
One more person to worry about.
I exited the office, back into the rising heat of the July day, and looked up to spot the last person I expected hustling past on the other side of the street. And followed Simon Jacob, knowing where he was going, unburdened with a pug this time and determined to tie up his particular part of the puzzle one way or another.

***

Chapter Twenty Six

Why was I not surprised we ended up back at The Orange? I did a bit better job hiding my intentions this time, tucking in beside a waste barrel and a light post, watching Simon repeat his routine. The young man was in the same place and after a brief conversation and exchange of what I assumed was money for goods, my quarry knocked on the gray side door and was again admitted without preamble.
Knowing it was probably a stupid thing to do but not really having much impulse control around this whole situation, I drew a breath and crossed the street, smiling at the young man who instinctively smiled back. He straightened from his crouch, cigarette burning between his lips, leering at me as he had at the nursing home.
I waved in greeting, pausing next to him in the dim alley, sunlight missing the mark thanks to the three story buildings surrounding us. I felt like I was in some bad movie making a clandestine buy while, at any point now, the police would show up and arrest me for a variety of illegal acts.
Instead, to the sound of traffic easing by and someone’s dog barking in the distance, I inhaled the faintly rotten scent from the dumpster at the end of the alley while the young man winked at me.
“You in the market?” He didn’t move other than to look me up and down. The tight t-shirt I wore over my knee length running pants wasn’t exactly a fashion statement but he wasn’t complaining about the view. Creeped out by this junior taking a long, hard look, I fought to keep my friendly smile.
“Sure am,” I said, a bit too brightly, wincing inwardly at my nerdy response. His eyebrow leaped, grin tightening. At least I hadn’t scared him off. “Sorry,” I went for pathetic, glancing around nervously. “I haven’t done this before.”
He unwound from where he leaned against the wall, skinny and cocky and trying to look dangerous while a giggle tickled the back of my throat. He couldn’t have been more than nineteen, the punk. I was enough my father’s daughter the idea of running him in for selling was at the top of my mind when he spoke.
“Well, Pitch is your man, gorgeous,” he said, yellow teeth flashing as he smiled, dropping his still burning butt to the ground and stepping on it carefully with the toe of his dirty sneaker. “Saw you lurking yesterday, figured you’d be back for a buy.” He coughed a laugh around the exhale of smoke from his final drag. “You middle class ladies just need to ask and I got what you’re looking for.”
I wondered if he was either inexperienced enough to trust a stranger or if I really was that vanilla I didn’t seem to be a threat. Yeah, probably the latter.
“Let me guess,” he said, easing closer, eyes on my chest. “You’re not here for the happy plant, right? More a vike kind of girl? Or a bit of the old cotton got you going?” He tugged at the back pocket of his jeans. “I got the kicker you’re looking for, if that’s your speed, sweetness.”
I had no idea what he was talking about, but when he produced a little baggie full of what looked like prescription pills, my mind stuttered to a halt before zooming into fast forward. Making all kinds of connections. To nurses and nursing homes and young men who had access to pills they shouldn’t have.
And realized maybe this whole thing had a far bigger ream of implications than signatures and property acquisition.
Whatever his instincts, it seemed I’d finally triggered them. Gaping at his stash couldn’t have helped because it only took him a second to disappear the baggie before backing away from me, smile fading, frown appearing.
“Wait, you’re right.” I had lost him, desperation making me stupid. More stupid. Stupider? Whatever. “Please, don’t leave.”
He shook his head, hands in his pockets, scowling now like a dog preparing to bite. “Beat it, lady,” he said. Sniffed the air. “You smell like pork.”
“Just tell me what Simon was buying.” The young man who called himself Pitch leaned against the wall, looked away.
“I’m just standing here having a smoke,” he said, the butt on the ground still emitting a thin trail into the air. “Get lost.” He jerked forward then, spun from me. “On second thought, I’m outta here.”
I watched him go, frustration and annoyance winning. When I turned around to go back to the street, I stopped dead and stared at Vivian, her little red convertible parked at the end of the alley. Met her narrowed eyes and took in her sudden grin of glee as she waved her phone at me. And then drove off like she’d won the lottery.
Whatever Vivian was up to, that was her problem. Right now, I had another issue to deal with. No Pitch to tell me what Simon was doing here. Which meant I had to go into the bar, right?
I seemed to be on a do all the stupid things roll today, so why not?
Without thinking straight or even really considering anything aside from bubbling irritation, I knocked on the gray door and waited. It swung open, a big man in a suit with a buzz cut and a clear plastic wire running from his ear into the collar of his white shirt looked down at me with a frown to match his bad boy appearance.
“Yeah?” His voice sounded like he gargled cheap whiskey for a living.
“I’m here for Simon.” I had no idea what prompted me to say that, but it made the man grin for an instant.
“He just got here. In the back, as usual. You bring the bankroll?” He eyed my outfit.
I didn’t comment, not sure what to say. Sure he was going to send me packing. But instead of chasing me off, he stepped aside and waited for me to enter.
Some security. Again, I guess I must have appeared innocent enough if he let me pass. Pretty dumb of me to feel insulted by that, right? I was a badass. In a t-shirt and running shoes and a ponytail of dark red hair. Yeah, such a threat to big, tall and looming.
I walked past him. So, had Simon promised something he couldn’t deliver? Blamed it on Terri, maybe. My mind flickered to Vivian. What had she been doing out front? Was she part of whatever this was? Didn’t matter now, not really. Whatever the case, I’d strolled into the lion’s den and now I could either beg him to let me out again or pretend I knew exactly what I was doing.
Guess which one I picked?
I made it about ten feet to a half open door with a table on the other side, crowded with men and the sound of poker chips being clicked together, a sound I knew well enough from my own days of playing. I could spot an illegal game when I saw it, had taken part in a few back in New York. But was shocked to find one here.
So much so I froze in full sight of the players. And found myself surrounded by a trio of big boys that told me whoever owned this place had a matched set of bullies to do his bidding.
“And who, exactly,” a voice said, faint threat in the lilt of his Irish accent, “are you?”
It was that moment I realized I was in a lot of trouble that had absolutely nothing to do with Pete.

***

Chapter Twenty Seven

The dark interior of this bar felt about as authentically Irish as The Harp and Thorn screamed tourist attraction. Gone were the sparkly mirrors and the white painted walls, the big screen TV’s and the tall ceilings. Instead, this place felt like traveling to the Emerald Isle as I’d had the good fortune to do, though frankly I would have preferred to not feel like I’d fallen into the dark and much worn den of the Irish mob here in Reading, Vermont.
Because that’s exactly what I’d done, from the handsome, if older, man in the black t-shirt and jeans, his lean body tight with muscle, gray hair left long and wavy around his square-jawed face. Traces of old, faded freckles and green eyes that matched mine watched me with careful caution as I was seated by a pair of bullies—the hands on my shoulders bigger than the parts of me they grasped—with gentle if insistent pressure.
I sank into the heavy wooden chair at the low table and swallowed my fear, hands tightly clasped in my lap while the man before me observed me with those piercing eyes.
“You look familiar,” he said in that accent that did nothing to make me feel more at ease. Though he sat with the kind of relaxed confidence that said any kind of smart mouthing might get me deeper into trouble than I could get myself out of. “But I don’t know from where.”
“I own Petunia’s,” I said with more haste than I intended. “The B&B on Booker Street?”
“Ah!” He perked immediately, a huge smile crossing his face while he leaned forward and saluted me with his beer. “Iris’s kin. And John Fleming’s daughter, I dare say.”
Why did the atmosphere suddenly lighten? Things shifted from cut the air with a knife—quite literally—to jovial humor as the man before me nodded with good nature. “You must be Fiona. Fee, aye? Good Irish name for a lass.” He seemed to hesitate as if he wanted to say more, but instead just shrugged and grinned.
I nodded, looking around at the now happy faces of his bullies to the low sound of international soccer piped from the television behind the bar. The owner—he had to be—reached out and pumped my hand when I accepted his offer to shake, enthusiasm as real as his attention.
“You caught me for a fright, little girl,” he said with a wink. “But John Fleming’s daughter, you be welcome here at The Orange any day of the week. Even during special business hours.” He laughed then and his boys laughed with him.
“Nice to hear it,” I said, totally thrown by his attitude. “Can I say hello to Dad for you?”
“Malcolm Murray,” he said, green eyes glinting, grin tightening to almost feral. “You tell him I took good care of his wee lass, won’t you?”
So things weren’t as friendly between him and my father as he said. Okay then, I could work with that. “I’ll make sure he knows.” Whatever dealings Dad had with this man during his days as sheriff, it was pretty clear Malcolm still thought of my father as someone he needed to keep on his good side.
That made me wonder what kind of agreement he’d made with a man who’d clearly found the laws of our town and country to be flexible and not applicable to him. That didn’t sound like Dad at all, quite honestly. But I was grateful, at least, he wouldn’t find my head in a box on his front step or anything. Discovering my remains would really upset Mom.
“Fetch Miss Fleming a drink,” Malcolm said, gesturing to one of his boys. I waved off the offer and smiled, hoping it was an endearing expression despite my lingering nervousness.
“Thanks,” I said. “But I’m obviously in the wrong place at the wrong time. I should just be going.” I made no attempt to rise, waiting for permission while Malcolm’s face fell a little.
“You’re here for a reason,” he said. “Maybe I can help?”
I never expected that response. “The man I followed here. Simon Jacob.” I glanced toward the door where the game was on despite my intrusion. I guess Malcolm would have dealt with me if he needed to. Gulp.
Malcolm nodded once and snapped his fingers. Moments later one of the lumbering bullies returned from the game room with Simon in tow. The flower shop owner looked terrified and began stammering, ignoring me completely, before he even reached the table.
“I have the money, I swear.” And that answered the second part of what Simon was into. Drugs and gambling, though that much had been obvious to me when I spotted him at the poker table. Still, confirmation he owed Malcolm didn’t hurt. “Pete promised he’d pay.”
“Mr. Wilkins has met an untimely demise,” Malcolm said, soft and lilting. I really did like his accent, even if he intimidated the hell out of me.
Wait, the way he said it. Did the Irishman have anything to do with…?
Simon began to shake, tears in his eyes. “I’ll find the money, Mr. Murray. I swear.” So his story flipped with Pete’s death. Funny how easily his lie came out. Personally, if Malcolm asked me anything the last thing I’d try to do is deceive him. He seemed the kind of person who could dig out the truth with the right motivation, and money was a powerful motivator.
Simon’s deep brown gaze flickered to me as if he only then realized I was there and his dark skin paled to ashen. “Don’t tell Terri,” he whispered.
None of my business. “Tell me about the arrangement you had with Pete Wilkins.” I was feeling a bit more confident, Malcolm watching the exchange like this was the most fun he’d had all week.
Simon shrugged. “I knew it wasn’t Dad’s signature on those papers,” he said. “But Pete heard about my problem.” He swallowed, looked to Malcolm who grinned at him like he’d be good to eat with some ketchup and a solid deep frying. “So Pete agreed to pay my debt if I’d keep my mouth shut about the fraud. And I’d pay him back from the funds from the store.”
“So you ran the store for him.” I wondered if that was Pete’s plan for me, too. Find something to hold over my head and profit from Petunia’s while I owed him my soul. But what could he blackmail me with? I had nothing he could use against me.
“Terri has no idea.” Tears spilled down his dark cheeks.
“About your drug problem either?” I couldn’t help but throw that in there. “Did you kill Pete because of it, Simon?”
He flinched then, shook his head. “I swear, I had nothing to do with that. I was here the night Pete died.” He sagged in the bully’s grasp. “I lost ten grand by 2AM.”
Malcolm nodded to me. “Confirmed,” he said.
Damn it. Well, at least I knew more about Pete’s scam.
“So, you’re telling me that piece of garbage Wilkins was taking advantage of good folks. Like the lovely Mistress Iris?” Malcolm’s expression darkened, the mood in the bar shifting all over again. His boys certainly took his emotional state personally.
Simon nodded again. “I had no reason to kill him. But now, when Jared finds the paperwork and uncovers what happened, if he decides to take me to court I’ll lose the shop for sure.” He shuddered. “Owing you and a lawyer would bankrupt me.” I had a feeling bankruptcy was the least of Simon’s problems, but whatever. His eyes darted left and right and, like a lightbulb coming on, he tried a wavering smile, suddenly eager to please. “That’s not all Pete was into. Ask Pitch.”
Malcolm’s dark expression deepened. “That little shank,” he snarled. “Is he hanging out in my alley again?” Another finger snap and tall, dark and bulky #3 or #4—I was losing track of their giant suited bodies—stomped off to the back door. “He’s part of Wilkins’s little scam?”
“He can tell you everything,” Simon said. “I’m sorry, Mr. Murray. I’ll find a way to pay you—”
“I know you will. Now shut it.” Bully boy had returned, this time with Pitch in his grip. I was surprised the kid had come back, and yet it was his alley, so once I’d gone I guess he didn’t think he needed to make himself scarce any longer. Seemed dumb to me though to hang out at a place like The Orange. Unless Malcolm was taking a cut. Not from the furious contempt he aimed at the young man who fought his captor, twisting and snarling in his grasp. Something neither Simon or I had the courage to do. “You, trash,” Malcolm snarled. “You selling scripts outside my door again? After the boys told you ever so nicely not to?”
I doubted nice had anything to do with it. And that gambling was okay but drugs weren’t.
Pitch shrugged, grinned like this was funny. “Maybe,” he said. “Maybe not.” His gaze flickered over me, over Simon.
Malcolm stood in a fluid motion, eased toward the young man while my heart caught in my throat. He didn’t threaten him with a weapon, just his presence, shorter and much leaner than his men but, from the way he carried himself, far more deadly. My anxiety rose for Pitch as Malcolm stopped before him and patted the plain t-shirt that hugged the young man’s narrow chest.
“You smart off with me,” the Irishman said in a low tone, “and it’ll be the last time. What’s your deal with Pete Wilkins then?”
Pitch must have sensed he was in very hot water because his arrogant late teen attitude shifted to nervousness. “He hooked me up with a sweet supplier, selling prescriptions from the nursing home.”
I sighed over that. “Alicia?” The young nurse he’d talked to yesterday, she had to be his source.
But Pitch surprised me with a quick headshake. “Not her,” he said. “Ruth.”

***

Chapter Twenty Eight

Well now, that certainly added layers to the whole thing, didn’t it? Made sense in a lot of ways. I pondered the brother/sister connection while Malcolm spoke again.
“I don’t like drugs, boyo,” he said. “Don’t like them in my establishment or near me in any way.” He nodded to me. “Promised your dad years ago, Fee. A bit of sideline distilling, some gambling. No leg breaking or anything like that. Just some friendly business. But drugs.” He turned back to Pitch. “You find a new line of employ, you hear? Or a fresh place to do your dirty work.”
Pitch sagged and exhaled like he’d been expecting worse. “You’re not going to kill me?” The last two words squeaked while my heart thudded at the implications.
Malcolm laughed. Threw his head back, fists on hips and guffawed. Before silencing his humor with an abruptness that made my skin tingle with goosebumps in the sudden silence, broken by the distant cheer of the soccer match TV crowd.
“Not in front of the lady,” he said. “Now scoot.”
Pitch was half-carried, half-led to the door. I let him go, wanting to talk further with him but not ready to stand up yet. Because I wasn’t sure my knees were stable enough to hold me and I didn’t want to show weakness.
Malcolm returned to his seat, chuckling. “I have to thank you for a highly entertaining afternoon, lass.” He sipped his beer, green eyes sparkling. “You come around any time you want to stir the pot and I’ll be your willing audience.”
I grinned shakily back. “My pleasure.”
“Can my boys escort you home?” That was as clear a command to leave as ever I’d heard one, no matter the kindly way it was delivered. I stood, shaking my head, amazed my legs didn’t wobble me right to the floor.
“I’m fine, thank you.” I paused and smiled for real. “Thanks for the help.”
“Happy to be of service.” He tipped his beer bottle to me. “You remember who your friends are in this town, Fee. And don’t forget to say hullo to your da for me.”
Surreal, standing on the street outside The Orange with my chest heaving for fresh air and that whole encounter behind me. I set off at a trembling walk that evolved into a jog and then a full out sprint all the way to the center of town. I managed to pull myself under control two blocks from home and had even mostly caught my breath by the time I climbed the stairs to Petunia’s, hysterical laughter lingering in the back of my throat.
One thing was certain. Dad was on the right track with an investigation into Pete, and maybe I could crack open a new way into the man’s fraud with a path my father hadn’t considered. I could turn around right now, stop at the sheriff’s office, speak to Crew about what just happened. Or go to my parent’s house and talk to Dad. Try to. Or, I could find a way to uncover real evidence outside hearsay and the word of a drug dealer and a gambling addict. Like the paperwork I knew now hid in the construction trailer at the new equestrian center site.
But was I really up for breaking and entering? Knowing doing so could ruin any case against Pete Wilkins, dead or not? I hesitated with my hand on the front door knob. Blackmail. What if the information Pete had wasn’t about me, but about my father? That would be reason to kill him.
And that meant B&E was in my cards after all. Because whatever it was Pete Wilkins was using to silence my father, I was going to find it before the state troopers did.
I was happy to send Daisy home, to see the backsides of the grumpy Jones duo, to tuck in my guests and go downstairs to my apartment. To dress all in black while Petunia watched with huge eyes as if sensing what I was about to do. I couldn’t ask anyone to come watch over the B&B, not without cancelling out my alibi. I’d just have to trust that the quiet house over my head would remain that way and that, after midnight, I was safe enough to sneak out and go looking for the evidence I was now afraid pinned Pete’s death on my father.
Was it a good thing I managed to escape Petunia’s without anyone seeing me? Should I have been alarmed at how clean my getaway, how obviously talented I was at sneaking about? Regardless, with my phone on silent but forwarded from the B&B just in case there was an emergency—the best I could do under the circumstances—I backed my car out of the driveway by taking it out of gear and let it drift down the hill a few seconds before staring the engine and chugging for the edge of town.
I had no idea if construction was at a standstill while Pete’s death was sorted out, but at least the site was dark when I arrived, my headlights out but the parking ones giving me enough illumination to coast to a stop on the far side of the long, narrow trailer that served as the office. A work truck stood silent and dark on the far end of the lot, but the lack of movement or any kind of activity told me it had to be one left overnight. Only the sound of crickets and a breeze ruffling nearby pine trees disturbed the night, an owl hooting its disapproval at me when I climbed the metal steps and tried the door, just in case.
And found it open. Shocked by this turn of events, I slipped inside, delighted at my luck, and looked around. Dark, so dark, but my eyes adjusted enough I made out a desk at one end and a line of filing cabinets at the other. My target.
The small flashlight on my keychain gave me the clarity I needed to sort through the drawers, most of it relating to Pete’s business dealings. I think it was more luck than skill that I stumbled on a file marked, “Reading and Weep” that paused my fingers and made me whistle. Sounded like the kind of sick sense of humor that Pete Wilkins might use to celebrate his fraud against land owners. And, when I flipped it open to look inside, there was the paperwork for Petunia’s right on top, staring me in the face. Grandmother Iris’s faked signature front and center. I quickly compared the one from the letter I’d taken from the house, confirming to myself even after a stroke there was no way this one Pete tried to pass off could be anything but forged. I’d seen my grandmother’s post stroke writing, all wobbly and disjointed. And it looked nothing like the signature on the deed papers.
Pete tried to bamboozle me. And as long as Crew was willing to let me use the letter she left behind in the nursing home as evidence, I now had proof Petunia’s was completely and utterly mine.
I didn’t have time to celebrate. Not when the door to the office opened and light flooded it as someone flicked the switch. I looked up, shocked and utterly caught in the act, to find Jared Wilkins staring back at me.

***

Chapter Twenty Nine

Neither of us spoke for a long moment, Jared standing in the open doorway, me holding the file containing the evidence I needed against his father. The truck on the lot. Not a regular overnight, then. Probably Jared’s, parked there while he took a look around? Whatever the case, he was obviously the reason the door to the office was unlocked when I got here. Stupid, Fee. Just stupid.
When he finally did break our stillness, it was to come further into the trailer, letting the door swing shut with an eerie creaking behind him.
“Tell me why I shouldn’t call the sheriff right now.” He sounded tired more than angry, and looked it, face pale and drawn. He had his mother’s eyes, not the beady, watchful ones I remembered from his dad on our single encounter. Less intimidating and more human even now in this most wretched of situations. So I took a chance Daisy was right about him and offered up the file.
Jared crossed to me, took the paperwork, looked down. Rifled through the pages. Looked up again as I spoke.
“Your father and aunt have a lot to answer for,” I said. “I’m hoping you weren’t part of it.”
Jared left me there, turning to cross to the desk, taking a seat as he sorted through the papers. Making no effort to call Crew. He offered me the ones at the top holding them up with an eyebrow cocked and I joined him, tentatively trusting I made the right choice, perching on a thin metal stool while my shaking hands grasped the pages and made them rattle.
“Looks like Dad had something against you,” Jared said in that same dull tone.
I frowned instantly, rejecting such an idea, looked down. And found a printout of a bank account with a lot of money in it, like hundreds of thousands. With my name on it. At the branch of the bank where Ryan and I used to do business in New York. Presumably where he still did.
What the hell?
“This isn’t mine.” I shook my head, struggling with the contents.
“Wouldn’t have mattered to my father,” Jared said. “As long as he had something he could blackmail you with.”
“So you knew about the scheme?” I didn’t want to believe it, not when Jared’s phone remained in his pocket and he made no move yet to have me arrested. Surely Daisy pegged him as the good guy he really was? How could I possibly reconcile that with a man who would stand by while his father ruined people?
“No,” Jared said. “But I suspected. And I think I might have given him the means to do it.” He leaned back in the chair, the faint squeaking making me nervous. “My specialty is IT.” He gestured at the pile of papers. “Dad had me investigating people, but I didn’t find out until later they weren’t investors he wanted backgrounds on but folks he was planning to steal from.”
I sagged on the stool, feeling terrible for him, wishing I had comfort to share. While my mind uncoiled and realized who had opened this bank account in my name. “Ryan,” I snarled. “My ex. He set me up. He doesn’t have this kind of money. He has to be embezzling. And is making it look like I’m part of it.” Cheating was one thing, but now? Now the man was dead. Murder wasn’t beyond me, it turned out.
Jared sat forward. “Looks that way,” he said. “But I’m happy to chase down the cash trail for you, if that helps. If we can find where it came from—and had nothing to do with you—we can turn the cops on to him and you’ll be in the clear.”
I gaped at him before managing to speak. “Why would you help me?” Especially after I broke into his property and found evidence against his father.
“Because I’m not Pete Wilkins.” Jared sounded angry suddenly, face set, jaw jumping, eyes locked on the file before him. “And I never will be.” Jared’s hands tightened into fists on the desk before him. “I’ve been such a fool all these years. Trusting him. Believing him. But when I found out what he was up to…”
The fight Daisy witnessed. “You confronted him.”
Jared nodded, slow and sad. “I didn’t kill him, Fiona. I swear it. But, as horrible as it sounds, I’m not upset he’s dead.” He flinched, met my eyes like I’d judge him for that.
I reached forward, squeezed his wrist until his hands unclenched. “Thank you for being a good person, Jared. We’ll figure this out.” I hesitated. “You do have an alibi?” He jerked a bit as if to protest but I shook my head. “The sheriff told me last night the state troopers are getting involved. I thought you should know.”
Jared exhaled. “I do,” he said.
“Your mother?” But he hesitated before shaking his head. “Does she have one, too?”
Jared looked away. “That’s her story to tell,” he said.
I sat back, staring sightlessly at Ryan’s betrayal. “And the drug thefts from the nursing home?” That really got Jared’s attention. He hissed and stared in shock. “So you didn’t know?”
One last head shake, Jared’s voice muted by visible surprise.
“I think it’s the little nurse, the blonde. You know the one I mean. I saw her leaving your house the other day.” His face shifted even as I spoke, from surprise to denial.
“Not Alicia,” he said. Then went silent, guilty.
“Your alibi, I take it,” I said. How interesting. Did Pete know his son was dating the young woman he forced into skimpy suits and obviously had a thing for?
Jared sighed, shrugged. “I guess it doesn’t matter now. Here.” He fished papers out of a drawer and handed them to me, more bank information. But these had his name on them. “You want embezzled funds, a page from your old boyfriend’s book. An account in my name. Dad was so unoriginal. But he was setting me up, just like your ex was doing to you. Except I think Dad was actually trying to make me look guilty while your boyfriend was just covering his ass in case the authorities came calling.”
Not much better, in my estimation, but a fraction less evil, I guess. “How many people has he stolen property from?”
“I don’t know the full numbers,” Jared said, “not yet. But it’s in the dozens if not more. Mostly out of towners with aging family here in Reading and no one to take over power of attorney. Or care enough to visit.” He sounded saddened by that and, frankly, so was I when I thought about it. I’d left home, run off first to college then the big city, hadn’t visited outside a day or two here and there in ten years. Would I have been that person who let my father or mother languish in the Reading Nursing Care facility without love or support until they died and Pete took their property? The thought of someone like him claiming Mom and Dad’s house made me want to scream.
And think about the big question I’d been pondering. “Why would he suddenly start bilking locals? Surely he had to know that made him vulnerable?” I set the pages aside, no longer wanting to touch the evidence of Ryan’s duplicity or Pete’s acts against his son.
“I don’t know,” Jared said. “It doesn’t make sense. I don’t think Dad was the one getting the signatures, or forging the few he couldn’t wrangle.”
“Ruth again?” It connected.
But Jared seemed hesitant. “Maybe. But my aunt is about as friendly and kind as a crocodile, which means she’d have trouble getting anyone to trust her.”
True enough. “We need to get this evidence to Crew,” I said.
Jared gathered the paperwork, tucked it back into the file and handed it to me, eyes clear and lips in a grim line. “That’s why I was here,” he said. “I came tonight to look for evidence, hoping I wouldn’t find anything. And the very first papers I stumble on targeted me. His own son.” Jared cleared his throat, voice thick. “I went out for air, heard you pull up, watched you come inside.” Yeah, I was so good at sneaking around. Master breaker and enterer, that’s me. “I didn’t know what to do. But in the end, there wasn’t anything else I could do.” Jared’s expression calmed, resignation winning. “I need this over with. For me. For Mom. To get him out of our lives forever.” Jared paused before his face relaxed further, a faint smile there. “Thank you, Fee.”
I didn’t know what to say to that. “I didn’t kill him,” I said.
Jared laughed. “I didn’t think you did. Whatever the reason Dad was at your place that night, snooping around his new acquisition, I can’t imagine you did him in. If anything he really did slip and fall and hit his head and drown. Because karma is a bitch, isn’t she?”
I stood, headed for the door. Wanted to ask him more about Alicia, but figured I’d let him have his privacy about her. I could track her down and grill her personally. As for his mother…
“If you hated him so much,” I said, “why didn’t you two leave him?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Jared sounded bitter, smile gone, eyes locked on the desk, hands in fists on either side of the blotter. “He was blackmailing my mother. And I wouldn’t abandon her to him, Fee. Not for anything.”
Which meant Aundrea made it to the top of my suspect list all over again.

***

Chapter Thirty

I should have gone right to Crew. Or Dad. Instead, about twenty minutes later, I sat in a different kind of hot water, the best kind, with my chin in bubbles and the B&B none the worse for wear for my absence, mind spinning.
The two places I did my best thinking? Running and in the tub. But honestly, I just needed a little pampering right now. I’d escaped a possibly terrible fate thanks to Jared’s kindness and understanding. And thanks to the file sitting on my dresser, hopefully everything with Petunia’s would get sorted out in short order. But I had suspects to consider and wasn’t all that hopeful Crew wouldn’t look at my dad even more carefully considering the new evidence against me generated by that piece of crap I used to live with. Or turn his attention back on me, for that matter, though the only one really at risk of imminent death at this point was Ryan. The creep.
“He’ll pay, Petunia,” I said to the pug who stared at me from the edge of the tub, big eyes bracketed by perked black ears. “After I skin him alive.”
She grunted in agreement.
“Aundrea makes the most sense at this point, unless she has an alibi. Though Jared seemed reluctant to say anything which makes me wonder if he’s protecting her from something.” Son protecting mother like me protecting Dad? Made me feel like Jared and I had a lot more in common than I first thought. “It’s pretty clear she hated her husband and why. At least, in the general sense. If Pete was blackmailing his own wife to keep her…” Just gross.
Petunia whined softly at me before heaving herself up, front paws on the tile surround of the tub. I patted her head briefly, a fluff of suds on her cheek, before rambling on.
“I have to go through that evidence more carefully before I hand it over.” That had been my excuse for keeping it to myself as I drove home. “To make sure there really isn’t anything that can incriminate Dad.”
Petunia clearly didn’t think much of my plan. Or, had her own ideas about what to do next. Because she chose that moment to lurch forward with a mighty effort and landed in my lap. Water and bubbles flew everywhere while I squealed in shocked protest, the pug grinning at me in her doggy way before swiping my wet face with her tongue.
“Fine,” I snarled. “I’ll take the file to Crew. Happy?”
From her huffing delight, she was.
Of course, I wasn’t going to go beating on his door at one in the morning. Instead, I tucked into bed, mind still whirling, the pug attempting three times to join me before she sadly curled up on the floor with an accusatory stare that was hard to ignore.
Dawn came without a wink of sleep. By the time I finally decided I wasn’t going to manage any rest in my present state of mind, dressed and made it upstairs, I had poured myself coffee set to perk the night before only to stop in shock and stare around the silent kitchen.
Two seconds before Mary and Betty, their grumpy expressions matching, walked through the swinging door.
I don’t know who was more surprised, me or them. The fact I’d finally—finally!—beat them to the punch should have given me a sense of accomplishment. Instead, I sighed and leaned a hip against the counter, saluting them with my mug.
“Morning, ladies,” I said. “Busy day ahead.”
Mary muttered agreement, not a hint of her normally sullen state in evidence. She actually looked impressed. Betty scuttled to the stove to begin breakfast while I headed for the foyer to check my schedule. Maybe this was a good sign? Though if I had to not sleep to be the first one at the helm of Petunia’s I was going to have a very unhappy life.
I set my mug next to the ledger and turned on the computer on the sidebar, checking my bookings while Petunia wandered from the kitchen to sit on my sandaled feet. Mary had given her breakfast, from the way the pug licked her chops, and when she stared up at me with that accusing expression I finally growled at her.
“Can I please sort out my day first before I possibly incriminate myself in Pete Wilkins’s murder and embezzling money from Ryan’s law firm? Thank you.”
Petunia grunted at me before farting her opinion of that particular procrastination.
The front door opened, saving me from further discussion with the pug who woofed a short greeting when Peggy entered. Cookie wiggled in her arms, a sweet little orange bow her adornment for the day, while the old lady balanced a shoe box in one arm and the happy little dog in the other.
I hurried to her, divested her of the package with a soft pat for Cookie while my neighbor beamed her delight.
“I promised you Iris’s things,” she said. “And I know you’re busy, so we’ll do tea another time. But I wanted you to have these.” She smiled down at the box with moisture rimming her faded eyes. “Iris would have loved that.”
“Thank you so much, Peggy,” I said, carrying the box to the sidebar and opening it. The box itself was old, maybe from the seventies from the faded print and the dust on the lid. I picked through a few photos, one of Peggy herself and Grandmother Iris, the two seated on a sofa with a big old clock behind them. I teared up at the sight, my grandmother looking far older than I’d ever remembered her.
“Dear Iris,” Peggy said, wiping at one cheek while Cookie wriggled and licked her fingers. “I miss her so.” She met my eyes. “Any luck finding out who killed that terrible man who tried to take Petunia’s from you?”
She was such a dear. “Not yet,” I said, wrinkling my nose. No need for her to think I was putting myself in trouble. “Crew is taking care of everything.”
Peggy’s face lit up and she patted my cheek. “That’s wonderful to hear, dear,” she said. “I just know it will all get sorted out and you’ll be back to normal in no time.”
I hugged her on impulse, feeling her slim body shake against me with a palsy tremor, thin bones so fragile while her sweet little dog snuggled against my arm. “I really appreciate the delivery,” I said. “I promise I’ll make time for tea.” It was the least I could do.
Peggy left, waving and blinking through a smile while I turned back to the box. So many bits and pieces, including a twin to the butterfly hair pin I had found in her things from the nursing home, the first now safely tucked in my jewelry box downstairs. Some papers, faded ticket stubs and evidence of Grandmother Iris’s friendship with Peggy.
I didn’t get to finish going through the contents, my moment of sad reminiscence about my grandmother cut short as once again the front door opened. But this visitor wasn’t welcome, not by a long shot.
Vivian didn’t seem to care I scowled at her intrusion, her pristine jogging suit in pale blue velvet screaming girl of privilege, step aside, peasant. Her joggers looked like she hadn’t had them on her feet ever and the pert ponytail she sported looked so teased and contrived if she ever sweated in it she’d be a disaster in about two seconds.
She came right to me, leaning over the small podium I used as a front desk, bright eyes sharp and full of delight. Which could only mean bad things for me.
“I know your secret,” she hissed. “And I have no compunction about turning you in.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” What exactly did she think she had on me? Did Jared tell her about Ryan’s embezzling? No, I couldn’t bring myself to believe that.
Vivian tossed that ponytail like it was a weapon, holding up her cell phone so I could see the picture she took of me in the side street at The Orange talking to Pitch as I connected the dots. “Stay away from Crew Turner,” she snarled, “or I’m telling him you’re a druggie who buys prescription drugs from teenaged boys in dark alleys.”

***

Chapter Thirty One

I laughed in her face. For quite a while, pretty sure the longer I went at it the more likely it was her head would explode. Which kept me laughing long past the time it was actually funny. If her statement/threat/accusation was ever funny. When I finally sobered, I leaned in too, grinning in her red cheeked face.
“Now that we have that out of the way,” I said, “what do you want, Vivian?”
“I saw you.” She jabbed her index finger with the sharpened point of her manicure into my chest then at the phone screen. “With that kid who deals outside The Orange. Yesterday.”
“Really,” I said. Pulled a huge ah-ha out of my ass and presented it to her for her observation. “And how, exactly, would you know someone like Pitch sells drugs outside a place like that if you weren’t a customer yourself?” Because logic, people.
She obviously hadn’t thought her little blackmail scheme through, much worse at it than Pete Wilkins. Vivian stammered a moment before huffing in my face and leaving without another word. Looking slightly less sure of herself and markedly more anxious about trying to threaten me.
So, she dabbled in the prescription drug trade, did she? User, more than likely. I imagined Crew would be delighted to know that. Speaking of whom, I had a delivery to make and wasn’t sure if he was going to toss me in a jail cell or say thank you. Or both.
Time to find out.
Twenty minutes later, Daisy firmly ensconced in the foyer directing traffic, I slipped out the front door, the previously pouting pug on her leash now panting happily as she followed me, for once my pace keeping time with hers, to the sheriff’s office. So what if I lingered when Petunia decided to sniff a mailbox or two? Were we in a hurry? Well, considering the file folder in my giant bag was burning a hole through the worn leather—or I imagined it was—I really should have been. Didn’t speed my lethargic steps up the stairs to the front entry, or do much to raise my spirits when I spotted Crew talking to Robert and the blonde female deputy on the far side of the gate separating the front from the bullpen.
Did he just roll his eyes at me? Okay then, fine. I whipped out the folder and brandished it with enthusiasm, catching his attention. About thirty seconds later, I stood with Petunia sitting on my feet while Crew Turner thumped the folder on his desk and told me in no uncertain terms what he thought of my continuing participation in his investigation.
“What part of mind your own damned business don’t you understand, Fee?” Crew’s pulsing forehead vein was back. He really did need to get that checked.
“You’re welcome,” I shot back, Petunia farting for good measure. Crew scowled down at the dog before shaking his head, running one hand through his hair in clear exasperation.
“What is it about the Fleming family that makes me want to shake the lot of you for being so stubborn?” He ground his teeth together. “No, just two of you.”
Before he could speak further and probably kick my ass out of his office, I told him everything in a rush of information he absorbed by sinking, with his face paling and his eyes growing huge, into his chair while I told him not only about Pitch and Simon and the gambling at The Orange but my suspicions about Ruth and Pete and the drug trade.
“Let me get this straight,” Crew said ever so softly when I ground to a halt at last, stopping short of admitting I’d broken into Jared’s property last night, instead leaving the sheriff with the impression the young Wilkins and I were helping each other. The less he knew the better, and it wasn’t like Jared was going to press charges. “You’ve been stumbling around Reading, interfering with ongoing investigations—shut it for one second, missy, and listen—and you expect me to thank you for bringing this to me?”
Did he just call me missy?
“That’s right,” I said. Loudly and with conviction. “You’re freaking welcome for doing your stupid ass job for you, Crew Turner. Because I haven’t seen one bit of police work come out of this office since this whole mess started.”
“That’s right,” Crew said, voice low and dangerous as I realized I’d crossed a big line with him. “You haven’t. Because I don’t advertise what I’m doing, who I’m talking to or what I suspect, Fee. That’s not my job. My job is to catch bad guys as quickly and quietly as possible. Unlike you,” he thudded one fist down on his desk, making Petunia fart again, “who rolls through town like a wrecking ball ruining my chance at uncovering what’s really going on!” He stood abruptly, lunging for me, grasping my upper arm and lifting me from the chair, swinging me around, shoving me toward the closed door he just opened in time to keep me from running right into it. “If I catch you snooping around, I’m arresting you.”
“For what?” I pulled on Petunia’s leash to make sure he didn’t cut her in half when he shoved me the rest of the way out of his office and grasped the door with that same hand.
“I’ll think of something!” Slam.
Okay then. Be a dick. See if I cared.
Petunia hummed and grunted and snorted at me all the way back to the B&B but I ignored her, my lower lip gnawed raw by the time we made it home. Was Crew right? Was I getting in the way? But I’d uncovered so much that he didn’t even seem to know about. Was that why he was so angry? Had to be. I was ahead of him and his little boy ego couldn’t handle it.
That is, or I was actually making things worse for him and myself and my dad all rolled into one.
Daisy took one look at me and held her tongue for once, so I must have appeared premiumly pissed off and primed for an explosion. I took ten minutes down in my apartment to punch my pillow after screaming into it until I saw stars before gulping down a hot cup of coffee and heading back to work.
But no matter what I did, no matter how hard I tried, I just spun down into deeper anger and frustration. Finally, about 2PM, Daisy jerked me aside when I hung up the phone on a cancellation so hard the plastic casing cracked.
“Get out,” she said in the sweetest tone of voice ever. “Now. Before you hurt someone. Like me.”
I shook my head, slumping. “I’m sorry, Daisy,” I said. “I’m just…”
“I know.” She shook me a little, faint smile full of compassion. “You’re dealing with a lot. Listen, I don’t have anything going on tonight. Why don’t you get out, go shopping, take a break from all this.” Her perky suggestion made me want to hide in my room and watch TV until I was a zombie but I nodded finally and grabbed my purse.
Daisy scooped up Petunia and waved her front paw at me as I disappeared back out into the mean streets of Reading with every intention of doing exactly what Daisy told me to do. But there was only so many touristy crap shops I could visit, so many expensive boutiques I could raise my eyebrows at. Until I finally relented and headed for the one place perhaps I should have avoided after the few days I’d had.
Turned out Dad wasn’t home anyway. A quick cup of coffee with Mom gave me that much.
“Gone to the pub,” she said with an I don’t care air. “You two really need to try to schedule visits instead of popping in on each other like you do.”
“Dad’s been to the B&B?” I had no idea.
“A few times,” Mom shrugged. “So have I. You know, for a business woman trying to run a very busy place like Petunia’s, you’re not home much.”
She didn’t use that tone of disappointment, but it was close, so close. Close enough I winced and admitted to myself she was right.
Didn’t stop me from hurrying off to The Harp and Thorn to try to catch Dad when I was done with Mom, only to have mostly drunk but clearly able to serve Patrick shake his head at me. No John Fleming in days.
Grunt. Where the hell was he, then?
As luck would have it, when I dragged myself up the drive, half hidden by my car, I caught a glimpse of Dad’s truck in my peripheral vision. My intention to go back into Petunia’s and do my job despite Daisy’s insistence vanished as I leaped behind the wheel and followed him.
Not because I really wanted to talk to him, nope. Because Dad wasn’t alone in his truck and the blonde hair of the woman in the passenger seat was a far cry from Mom’s dark shade of red.
Either Dad wasn’t paying attention or I held enough distance between us he didn’t seem to realize I was behind him as he drove out of town. Distracted? By the blonde beside him? They were talking, I could see that much through the back window of his pickup, animatedly, too. The girl’s hands were active, her body half turned toward my father as she spoke.
He turned off with lots of warning, and I knew exactly where he was heading before he even hit the blinker. The cabin his father left him had been one of those places I’d had a love/hate relationship with as a kid. Love because it was fun to hang out with my father and fish and track animals through the woods. And hate thanks to the fact he cancelled our trips five times out of six because of work.
I drove past the turn and waited a moment before reversing and following. I kept telling myself I didn’t have to hunt him down like this, I could let him know I was here. That Dad had nothing to hide, nothing. And I was overreacting. But there was a horrible, painful moment when I parked my car, got out, tracked through the woods in time to see Dad get out of his truck and help the blonde from the passenger seat.
A blonde I knew immediately. Who followed Dad to the cabin and disappeared inside with him.
Alicia Conway. Oh, Dad.
I have no idea how I got to the door, how long I pounded on it with my fist before it jerked wide and my father, his big face stunned and then closed, stared down at me. I wanted to punch him as I had the door, to beat on him and scream at him. For cheating on Mom. With a floozy girl who worked for Pete Wilkins.
Wait a second.
Dad exhaled, sagged, stepped aside. “You might as well come in,” he said. “It’s time I told you everything.”
Alicia stood from the rickety wooden bench that bracketed the kitchen table, flushing dark red but not out of guilt. From fear. Her eyes flickered to Dad who waved off her anxiety.
“It’s okay,” he said. “Tell Fee what you’re doing here.”
“Helping John build a case against Pete,” she said. And started to cry.

***

Chapter Thirty Two

I glared up at Dad who hurried forward, suddenly soft and kind, something I’d never seen from him. He hugged her gently, giant form towering over her, and she clung to him like he was her lifeline.
What the actual hell and who was this man? Because he was not my father.
“Alicia’s been working with me for months,” Dad said over her sniffling. “Since Pete hired her to be his assistant.”
“Did you tell Dad about the drugs?” I glared at Alicia, accusing her while not really knowing for sure if she was connected.
Dad flinched, looked down at her with a frown. “Drugs?”
Alicia sobbed again, sinking onto the bench, face in her hands. “It wasn’t me,” she wailed. “It was Pitch.”
My father looked like she’d gut punched him. “Alicia. If you’ve done anything to jeopardize the case—”
“Dad.” I hit him with that word. Caught his attention. “There is no case. Pete Wilkins is dead.”
Alicia gulped while Dad tried to find words to refute me.
“Pitch is my brother,” she whispered to me. “He thought I could help him make a few extra bucks, to get him out of trouble. Convinced me no one would miss the prescriptions.”
Dad paled and joined her on the bench. I sat across from them, waited.
“But Ruth found out,” she hiccupped past her tears. “I thought I’d be fired. Instead, she funneled even more drugs through me to Pitch, blackmailing me into being her mule. Sent me out of town with Pete on regular trips to deliver goods to other dealers.” Alicia turned to Dad with giant eyes and more tears, one slim hand landing on his forearm, vulnerable and weak. “Please, John, I’m sorry. I should have told you. But I was afraid and the drugs had nothing to do with Pete’s fraud around his building sites or the deed signatures.”
“Did Pete have anything to do with the drugs?” Dad’s normally stern tone and expression were back. Well that was more like it and I didn’t have the creeps anymore.
Alicia shook her head. “That was all Ruth,” she said. “I’m pretty sure if Pete found out he’d be furious with her. Too risky.” No wonder the poor kid was a wreck. Ruth on one side thanks to her brother, Pete on the other, gross. And Dad bullying her into turning evidence. Wow, she was a lot tougher than I had given her credit for.
“How did you end up Pete’s assistant then?” If Ruth had a good thing going, why end it?
“She didn’t trust his side of the other business,” she said. “The fraud and building code violations. The thefts of construction materials. And the property acquisitions.” She shrugged. “While the trips gave me the chance to get the drugs out of state.”
“So she sent you to be her eyes and ears as well as her mule.” That made sense. “Why did you turn on him?”
“Jared.” Alicia finally smiled, hand falling from Dad’s arm. He rubbed at the spot where her fingers had been, a faint flash of guilt on his face as he caught my eyes. Boys and their hormones. Mom would kick his butt for being such an idiot about a pretty girl. “I met him and… he’s amazing. Nothing like Pete. I’ve been telling John that.” She seemed keen we both believe her and since I’d had my own dealings with the younger Wilkins, I just nodded for her to go on. “I fell in love with him, and he with me. I’d do anything to help him and this is my only way to do that.” So she was his alibi for sure then. “I was with Jared the night Pete died.” She flushed. “All night.”
Well, good for them.
“Okay, Dad,” I said, fixing him with a hard glare. “Your turn. You weren’t fishing with the guys.” He looked away, swallowed as I went on. “Where were you the night Pete died?”
My father sighed then, elbows on the table, glancing at Alicia. “Out of state,” he said like it hurt him. “Talking to a connection of Pete’s about the construction fraud.”
“Despite the fact the case was dropped officially,” I said, “and you are no longer sheriff and have no jurisdiction to investigate further.”
Dad bobbed a nod. And I laughed. That made him flinch then grunt, then grin.
“Poor Crew,” I said, snickering. “No wonder he’s pissed at us.”
Dad’s white teeth flashed, wolf like. “Maybe if that boy would use the sense God gave him,” he said. Exhaled deeply. “I’ve been gathering further evidence against Pete, to ensure those who were victimized get justice.”
“Even after he died.” I nodded. “That’s my dad.”
Giant relief flooded me, made me a bit giddy. So my father was innocent. That left Aundrea and Ruth Wilkins. “You need to tell Crew where you were, Dad. The state troopers are coming and he’ll be handing over evidence that could point at you.”
Dad shrugged that off like it didn’t matter. “I can present what I need to prove my alibi if I have to,” he said. Paused, gave me the stink eye. “Can you?”
That made me laugh again, though with a little less delight. “So we’ve been suspecting each other all along then, have we?”
Dad didn’t say anything. But Alicia did.
“I told him you didn’t,” she whispered. “It had to be Ruth.”
“Or Aundrea?” Why not Pete’s wife?
Alicia hesitated. “I don’t know about that,” she said, clearly lying.
I let it go for the moment, told them both about the papers I’d found with Jared, handed over to Crew. Dad took a second to be pissed at me for not bringing them to him before shrugging.
“What would you do with it, Dad? You’re not sheriff anymore.”
That wasn’t fair and I regretted the words the second they left my mouth despite the fact they were true. He seemed to deflate, losing his power while Alicia stared back and forth between us with her mouth gaping.
“You’re right, Fee,” he said, sad and low. “But I really wanted to see this through. I didn’t want this one case hanging over me, you know?”
I nodded, regret pushing me forward to squeeze his big hand. He squeezed back, smiled a little.
“Chip off the old blockhead,” he said. “I should never have kept you from law enforcement.”
Now he told me.
“Dad,” I said, tears stinging the corners of my eyes, “you’re my hero, no matter what.”
He blinked, I blinked and we shared a moment. The first one in a long, long time. Wait, ever. Until Alicia cleared her throat and broke it wide open again, stirring the need to snarl at her which I suppressed just in time.
“What are we going to do?” She again looked at both of us, back and forth, like I might have a plan she hadn’t considered.
“Nothing.” Dad set both big hands on the table, palms flat, face set. “We’re done. All of us.” He glared at me. “Crew has what he needs, if you’re right about what you handed over. As for Ruth, Alicia’s willing to turn her in for protection. So we’ll see what our new sheriff says about confidential informants and immunity for her and Pitch.”
He didn’t sound hopeful.

***

Chapter Thirty Three

I leaned in to Dad when Alicia excused herself to use the washroom, watching her go as I spoke.
“You’re a big idiot,” I said. “Why didn’t you just tell me?”
“Same,” he said. And sighed. “Never mind,” he winked at me, good humor in his eyes, “you tried to, didn’t you? So, I’ll accept the idiot label. If you’ll admit you thought your old man killed Pete Wilkins.” He seemed highly amused by that.
“Not as bad as you thinking your daughter did,” I said. Paused. “Or the fact you used to associate with Malcolm Murray.”
Dad flinched, paled. “What are you talking about?”
I told him about how I’d followed Simon, the encounter with the old Irishman. I’d seen my dad a lot of things, but never truly afraid. Not until that moment when he grasped my hand, smothering my little one in his big grip, tight and shaking.
“Promise me,” he said, “you’ll stay away from Malcolm Murray.”
Alicia returned before I could respond though I’m sure from the startled look I knew crossed my face my father figured out I was about as nervous of The Orange’s owner as he was. Not like I was thinking about hanging out there or anything. But it was clear my father wasn’t done keeping secrets.
We all got up to leave, Alicia begging off because of a headache. I followed her, Dad striding ahead to the truck, but she paused at the door and bumped into me. I was so surprised by her sudden turn, I stared into her eyes, felt the cold press of metal in my hand before I could react.
“Be careful if you’re going to do what I think you’re going to do,” she whispered. “She’s ruthless. No pun intended.”
She spun then and hurried to Dad, leaving me to watch them go, to look down after they had at the small key in my hand, etched on one side with the word Office. It looked old enough to be for the main door of the administration area of the nursing home I knew exactly what Alicia was insinuating. And though I’d considered just stopping and walking away, how could I now? Now that I had the means to break into the head nurse/administrator’s office and get the evidence Crew needed to put her away?
No. I needed to give it to Dad, to the new sheriff. Or the state troopers coming as early as tomorrow. Not sneak off for another breaking and entering session. I highly doubted Ruth would be as kind or understanding as Jared had been.
Putting civic duty ahead of my own burning need to see this through, I headed instead to the sheriff’s office, my curiosity held in very tight control. Only to find Crew gone for the day and a grinning Robert behind the front desk.
“Fanny,” my hateful cousin said with a leering grin that did nothing to endear him to me. “Here with more evidence?” He snorted a laugh, glancing into the bullpen where one of the other deputies—the woman who had collected evidence—rolled her eyes at me and went back to her work.
“Crew’s not here?” His office door stood open.
“Nope, gone,” Robert said, leaning back to prop his feet up on the desk, arms crossing behind his head. “I can take care of whatever it is you think might be important enough for the sheriff.”
Like I’d trust him with a blessed thing. “Forget it,” I said. “I’ll call him tomorrow.”
Frustration drove me out the door, down the steps, to the sound of Robert calling after me.
“See ya, Fanny!”
I really, really, really hated that nickname. Stood on the sidewalk, staring down at the key in my hand, hating Robert, furious with Dad for chasing me away from what I really loved, if I’d just admit it to myself—law enforcement. And made a terrible, terrible decision.
The nursing home was the final piece that could prove who killed Pete, I was sure of it. If Alicia was right and Ruth murdered her own brother, there would be a reason for it. And him finding out his horrid sister was selling drugs out of the home would be a massive one. Imagine him trying to blackmail his own sibling? She was scary just from our initial contact and the way Alicia talked about her, well. I could wrap this case up tonight.
Alicia gave me the key, so she trusted me. Maybe she even knew what I was thinking, that Ruth’s guilt could be proven by a visit to her office. Yes, that had to be it, didn’t it? Alicia gave me the means to end this. But why not give it to Dad?
Because he was too focused on Pete. Ah, the lies we tell ourselves when we want to be right. One thing I did know, if Ruth found out the state troopers were coming—small town, word had to be getting around—surely she would make sure to dump whatever evidence might incriminate her on the drug thefts. Let alone Pete’s murder. That was it, decision made. My car hiccupped its distress at my choice but I ignored it in favor of courage fed by the need to act.
My father’s daughter indeed.
Night was falling by the time I pulled into the driveway, the blue light of dusk casting the last shadows that faded into darkness while I approached the front door of the nursing home like I owned the place and swept inside. I wondered then if this was what Daisy had in mind for my night off and fought a hysterical giggle at the thought. The office door was closed, no light shining within, the foyer empty of all but the soft sounds of horribly recreated pop music on the crackling, tinny speakers.
There were bound to be security cameras, but I couldn’t worry about that now. The office door gave way under my hand, unlocking smoothly with the key. That made me nervous as I stepped inside and closed the door, breathing a little too heavily. How could I get into Ruth’s inner sanctum if this key was for the main door?
I needn’t have worried. When I reached the door knob to her personal space, tucking in next to the tall filing cabinet and pile of boxes that were the last remaining possessions of the deceased, the key did its job all over again. I snorted to myself at her lack of originality and cheapskate ways. Two locks, one key. Honestly.
Muffled voices penetrated the wall to my right, the sound of arguing, low but discernable. One voice was deep, graveled, had to be Ruth. The other? Female, yes. Otherwise I had no idea. But now nervousness really kicked in. What was I thinking? Standing in the darkness of the administrator’s office looking for what exactly?
And then, like fate was finally on my side, I saw it. Eyes adjusting to the darkness, the big, metal door half open. The safe gaping and waiting for me.
That meant Ruth was only gone a moment, had likely been distracted and left to deal with whoever it was she talked to. As long as I heard their voices through the thin walls, I had time. My trusty penlight dangled from my keychain, lighting up the inside of the old fashioned iron safe, filled with paper files and a large plastic envelope I peeked into.
Pills. A lot of pills in different colors, all sealed into zip lock bags. Ready for Pitch to pick up and distribute or Alicia to carry off out of state? A quick glance at the file at the top of the pile gave me a purchase order, with a second file beneath it doubling that order. Two sets of paperwork, and one giant scam.
Gotcha.
My phone on camera, I snapped as many pictures as I could with my hands trembling in eager excitement. The low light and pinpoint of the flash worried me a bit about focus, but this was the best I could do without outright stealing the files and I was sure if Ruth found them missing she’d either disappear too or find a way to dispute the evidence. Like how it was illegally obtained by the owner of a B&B where her dead brother’s drowned body was found?
Yeah, like that.
The voices moved, getting louder. Panic struck as I spun toward the office door. Caught a glimpse through the glass of Ruth’s back, and Aundrea Wilkins, red faced and shaking, saying something low and threatening. Trapped and with discovery imminent, I did the only thing I could think of.
With a faint squeak of fear, Ruth’s voice echoing, “That’s that last I want to hear about this, Aundrea,” heralding her approach about as much as the squelching of her giant sneakers, I tucked under her desk with my arms around my knees and hoped I hadn’t just signed my own death warrant trying to be a hero.
The main office door closed with a bang, followed by the slam of Ruth’s. Yeah, I was doomed.

***

Chapter Thirty Four

Time slowed to a crawl, my heartbeat thudding in my ears, entire body shaking while the squish-squish-squish sound of Ruth’s sneakers drew closer. Any second now she’d pass the edge of her desk, close her safe, turn and—
And find me hiding in the worst possible place an idiot like me could hide in a (suspected) murderer’s office. I clasped one hand over my mouth to keep from screaming as the first white toed foot appeared, the hem of her lab coat, big calf lined with varicose veins thicker than a pencil. Fascination and terror mingled as the scent of disinfectant traveled with her in a waft so powerful I choked on it.
I was so dead.
It was hard to register the sound of the office door opening while I lived in the surety of my own doom. It wasn’t until a young man’s voice said, “Ruth,” that I gasped a breath before darkness could close in, the big, white sneaker and nasty purple ropes of vein turning away from me, the corner of her lab coat brushing the desk.
“Pitch. Twice now you show your face when you know not to come here.” She sounded grim and a little anxious. Also hard to discern from my own sheer terror, but I managed.
“We didn’t get to talk the other day,” he said. “We need to discuss the evolution of our arrangement.” He came across so slick while I shivered and hugged my knees and wished I’d never come here.
“Idiot boy,” she snarled, heading away from me, toward him, out the door, closing it behind her before she spoke again. I heard only muffled talking from there, a second door opening and closing and the sound of their voices traveling. Away from me until silence reined.
I was either the luckiest girl in the world or—
My phone made a few final, quick snaps of the piles of paperwork, then of the bag of drugs before I scrambled out of there, sweating and clearly looking guilty of something. But no one shouted after me as I pushed out the doors and ran for my car. No one pursued me when I peeled out of there or followed me in another car while I raced for home.
Five minutes later, panting, hands trembling, I examined the images I took and breathed in relief. Clear. Thank heavens for autofocus and the latest smart phone’s incredible camera. If I’d risked that for blurry images, I would have kicked myself all the way back to New York.
Someone knocked on the passenger glass of my car and I screamed for real this time. Pitch peeked in, grinning, helping himself to the handle and scooting inside, closing it behind him. My car instantly reeked of weed but I didn’t argue, turning toward him with the distinct need to hug him in his future.
“Alicia called me,” he shrugged. “Big sis figured you’d run into trouble and could use some backup.” He looked suddenly sad. “She’s a good kid and I owe her. So.”
“Thanks for the rescue,” I said. “I was under the desk.”
He laughed, a barking sound of derision. “I know,” he said. “I was watching you.” He winked. “Idiot.”
Well, he was right so I wasn’t about to argue. “You’re going to get in a lot of trouble for this.” I showed him my phone, then thought better of it, but he shrugged like it didn’t matter.
“Figured a relocation was imminent,” he said. “That new sheriff don’t have the kind of look the other way, turn his cheek kind of attitude your dad had.” Pitch met my eyes with his, that young gaze old beyond measure. “Not that the old POPO let me get away with anything. But he trusted me when no one else did.”
Fair enough.
“I never meant to get Alicia into trouble,” Pitch said, sounding his age at last. He fiddled with the zipper on his jacket, lean hands scarred and lined and dirty. “She took care of me when Mom and Dad died, did her best. But I didn’t want to be handled, you read me?” I nodded, understanding completely. I’d run away from being handled myself. “Not her fault I’m a jackass, got into trouble. But it is my fault she got dragged in with me.” Maturity from a young drug dealer? Family could make you stronger or drive you nuts. Guess he decided on the former. “I’m going to take all the heat so she’s okay. Sheriff’ll back me. Sissy deserves a better life than I’ve let her have.”
I nodded, not sure what else to say. Pitch drew a deep breath then grinned as if this had all been a grand joke and he was just delivering the punchline.
“Guess I’m out,” he said. “See you. Or not.”
Pitch climbed out of my car, slammed the door. Waved through the glass. Vanished into the darkness. And I let him go. Because what else was I going to do for a brother that loved his sister and saved a stranger’s behind when I needed it?
Daisy wrinkled her nose at the scent of me but didn’t comment, hugging me anyway. Before I could explain I hadn’t been smoking anything illegal, she grabbed her purse and blew me a kiss.
“Thanks, Daisy,” I said, unable to find the words to tell anyone what just happened anyway.
She grinned. “Any time.” And was gone. Leaving me alone with a house full of guests and a very unhappy pug who pretended she wasn’t delighted to see me for about three whole seconds. Then, Petunia bounded to me and bounced about like a puppy for a moment before promptly sitting on my feet.
Pugs.
The B&B printer did a great job of reproducing the images I’d taken. I was surprised how many I’d managed to nab. I recalled having seconds, flying through the sheets, but in the end I had a good thirty solid shots of repeated paperwork that even I as a layperson could tell were not on the up and up. Worst, the fact of the matter, from what I could tell in my Google research of some of the drugs listed, Ruth had been sending the real ones out into the street and giving the nursing home residents the equivalent of placebos.
I’d take these to Crew in the morning and he could handle the rest. That was, just after he put me in a jail cell and threw away the key. Sigh. I could always just mail them to him anonymously? Right, like he wouldn’t know who’d sent them.
My dark kitchen wasn’t helping my mood any. I stood there in the quiet for a long moment, furious with Ryan for playing me, with Pete for playing the people of Reading, at Ruth for causing real harm to the patients she was meant to care for. Fury made me shake all over, until I hurried into my room and collapsed on my bed before I fell down.
Curling on my side felt like the right thing to do, fetal position comforting. The soft grunt of the unhappy pug pushed me up off the comforter and to the closet. I fetched the special stairs my grandmother had made for her, tucked them against the side of the bed and lay down again. A moment later, creaking and groaning her way toward me, Petunia launched herself into my arms and threw herself down with her head in the crook of my shoulder, wet nose against my cheek.
She sighed happily and promptly fell asleep while I lay awake for a long time, listening to her snore and snort, feeling her run in her dreams with high pitched yips of delight, farting her carefree canine way through the night.
And actually felt better for the pug snuggle.

***

Chapter Thirty Five

I felt like a bit of a stalker hanging out by a big tree and trying not to be noticed while the black clothed family of Pete Wilkins put his remains in the ground. Now that I knew how much his son and wife hated him though the lack of tears didn’t seem so out of place.
Nor did the idea Aundrea might have murdered her husband.
I had no idea how much time I had left. The state troopers could be here any second now, though they hadn’t, obviously, protested the funeral. It was already Wednesday and Crew said midweek, didn’t he? I’d put off delivering the file with the photos to him in favor of lurking at the cemetery, because procrastination and I were besties.
And now I was beginning to think Crew was full of crap, had been trying to intimidate me into telling him what I knew because why would the state troopers wait this long to come if they intended to investigate at all? Which I’d been trying to do from the start, so he could go take a flying leap if he thought I would confess to a crime I didn’t commit just because the big boys were getting involved. Which, apparently, they weren’t.
Lying ass. Just like most men I knew. At least now it was clear where I stood. Vivian could have him.
While Jared and I had bonded over his father’s crimes, I wasn’t about to join the mourners or anything, making sure I kept my distance out of respect if nothing else. Though I had to come because I really needed to talk to Aundrea and, as horrible as that made me, I knew today of all days she’d be the most likely to let things slip.
Yeah, I sucked.
I wasn’t the only lurker apparently, Pamela Shard hovering past a large tombstone with a towering angel on it in her dark suit and her frown, though despite her job as a reporter she didn’t have a camera with her or a notebook out. I watched her watching Aundrea and had a thought even as the funeral service wrapped up—the handful of mourners drifting away quickly as if they’d only come because they had to—leaving Jared and Aundrea to make their way to their car alone.
Even the minister hurried off. I wondered if Pete had something on her, too. Probably. What secrets lay beneath the bubbling adorableness of Reading? I guess if my life was going to continue in this vein I’d likely find out.
I probably shouldn’t have felt a thrill of excitement at that prospect and shrugged it off. Jared spoke to his mother a moment who waved him away. I held my place, watching him drive past, staying out of sight while Aundrea then turned and headed for the tombstone where Pamela had been waiting but had disappeared from the shadow of.
I followed, head down, trying to be discreet, circling to follow Aundrea’s retreating back. She continued down the row of headstones to the far end of the cemetery, where the large marble tombs stood, only a few and obviously old, the mausoleums long left unused. She disappeared behind the first one and I eased around the corner for a peek, not surprised to find her in Pamela’s arms.
Confirming then my guess as to what Pete had to hold over his wife. Especially when the two then exchanged a passionate kiss that made me blush with the intimacy of it. I almost retreated, wanting to leave the women to their private moment, but Pamela pulled away and spotted me, grimacing to Aundrea who tensed, face tight with anxiety.
I held up both hands, approached as if they were deer in headlights terrified and ready to run. Except only Aundrea seemed afraid. Pamela looked irritated.
“How dare you.” Gone was the helpful newswoman who’d come to Petunia’s. She trembled a little, taking Aundrea’s hand while the widow of Peter Wilkins looked down as if she were about to jerk herself free. “This has nothing to do with you.”
“I know,” I said, keeping my voice soothing and soft. “I’m sorry to intrude. But you have to admit, this doesn’t look good for either one of you.” I really was an asshole, Aundrea’s face falling while Pamela gazed at her like she’d been kicked to the curb one too many times. “I’m aware of the fact Pete was blackmailing you, Mrs. Wilkins,” I said, opting for the respectful address instead of going for familiarity. “And now I know just what he was holding over your head.”
Aundrea nodded, free hand swiping at tears trickling down her cheeks. Now she cried. “He knew I was gay when we were teenagers,” she said. Choked a moment. “Made me marry him or he’d tell everyone. I’ve lived a life of hell for thirty years thanks to that man.” She looked up then, defiant and furious. “I’m not sorry he’s dead. But I didn’t kill him if that’s what you’re thinking.”
“I’m her alibi,” Pamela said, tugging Aundrea closer. The widow didn’t fight her, tucking into her welcoming embrace. “We were together that night. All night.”
“Aundrea.” My heart ached for her, throat tight with unshed tears. “Why did you stay?”
She shook her head. “You don’t understand. My family and their position in this town.” She tossed a used tissue at the marble tomb we stood next to. Right, she was a Patterson, one of the founding families and the bankroll behind a lot of the developments in Reading, equestrian center and ski lodge among them. “If they found out I’d be ostracized, I’d lose everything.” She shook then, weeping openly. “My father,” she could barely speak but kept going with Pamela’s support, “conspired with Peter. As long as I stayed married to him I kept my trust fund. But if I ever left him—even to be alone—I’d be bereft and cut off.”
All the more reason to truly hate Pete and her family, too. How charming.
“As for me,” Pamela said, “Pete found out about us when we were teenagers.” She winced. “I was the reason Aundrea is in this situation in the first place.”
“It wasn’t your fault, darling,” the widow said, touching her lover’s face gently, smiling a little. “You and my dear Jared have been the only lights in my life all this time.”
Pamela glared at me. “Pete controlled what I published, threatening Aundrea.” She shrugged angrily. “The exposé I was writing, I’ve been planning it a long time. But I’ve never been able to tell anyone what I learned, not even your father. Not until I knew Aundrea was safe.” She lowered her voice, her entire body shifting from powerful anger to despair. “I couldn’t care less about me, but I wouldn’t let him hurt the woman I love.”
Rocks and hard places came to mind. “I’m so sorry,” I said. “Now that he’s dead, what happens to your fortune, Aundrea?”
She snuffled, shrugged. “Some of it goes back to the family. But the bulk is still under control of his estate,” she said. “Which means Jared.” She smiled then, a real smile, making her look beautiful again and far younger than the years she carried. “So I suppose I’m free at last. Which makes you suspect me all the more.”
“I already told her I’m your alibi,” Pamela said.
“But a smart girl like the daughter of our old sheriff surely knows the two of us could have done it together.” Aundrea kissed Pamela softly before smiling at me again. “Right?”
Maybe I was a sucker for a happy couple who could finally be together, but I knew she didn’t do it.
“You were fighting with Ruth last night,” I said. Hesitated as I realized blurting that out meant she now knew I’d been snooping. But Aundrea just sighed.
“I want out,” she said. “Of all of it. I never knew the details, not really, though I was aware Peter was into some horrible things. I always hoped your father would be successful in his case but with Judge Anderson being blackmailed… well, it was clear to me from the beginning Peter wouldn’t be held accountable.”
A judge, huh? No wonder Dad’s case fell apart if he was being undermined by the court meant to bring Pete to justice. I’d have to tell Dad.
“And what about Ruth?” Maybe this was bad timing but Aundrea was talking and seemed willing to go on. “Won’t she try to blackmail you now?”
Pamela hugged Aundrea protectively. “Let her try.”
“No, Fiona is right.” Aundrea snuffled, pulled herself upright. “I’ll just have to face my family’s judgment and the public outrage.”
“And that’s so important, isn’t it?” Pamela sounded suddenly sad, devastated really.
Aundrea flinched, sagged. “My darling—”
And the reality struck me then, just how tragic this really was. Aundrea could have walked away. Yes, it would have meant leaving all that money behind, but she could have figured something out. Been happy with Pamela. Trusted their love. Instead, she’d chosen to suffer, for them both to suffer, all these years because of money and public perception.
Not my problem and I hoped it wouldn’t drive an ultimate spike between these two. They had earned happiness as far as I could tell.
“Aundrea,” I said. “Did Ruth kill Pete?”
She hesitated, shrugged. “I don’t know for sure,” she said. “He had enough enemies out there it could be anyone. But if I had to choose…” She met Pamela’s sad eyes. “Yes, if anyone could kill him, it was his hideous sister.”

***

Chapter Thirty Six

The phone was ringing when I walked into the foyer, Daisy handing it off to me almost instantly. She made a funny face, a little worried, so I knew instantly who it was when I sighed into the receiver.
“What do you want, Crew?”
Silence a moment and I wondered if I pegged it wrong before he spoke, enough anger in his voice I knew I hadn’t gotten away with my little investigation.
“I just had two people walk into my office,” he said. “Pamela Shard and Aundrea Wilkins. They alibied each other. Told me lots of things.” He huffed softly on the other end of the line and I could see in my mind’s eye his forehead vein popping out, cheeks darkening. “Mainly, that you’re responsible for their appearance. Because you didn’t listen, you never listen, apparently, when a police officer tells you to stay the hell away from the crimes he’s investigating.”
“Again,” I said, so over his attitude, “you’re welcome. Because you really think they would have come to you otherwise?”
Enough silence followed he knew I was right and oh boy did he hate it.
“I have more to tell you if you’re willing to listen,” I said.
“Just spill it,” he snarled, the sound of his chair squeaking a clear indication he was paying attention.
I told him about the key, about Dad and Alicia, knowing I was betraying my father all over again but unable to stop myself. And rushed on to fill him in on the files, the photos I took. He hummed and tsked and grunted often enough I knew he was still there, and was likely writing down all the charges he was going to lay against me so he could lock me away forever.
By the time I was done, whispering now while Daisy smilingly helped some guests with questions about Reading, Crew actually sounded rather calm.
“Ruth is the best fit,” he said. “I’ve already come to that conclusion. And I’m well aware your father’s been continuing his own investigation. I’ve been in touch with the people he met the night Pete Wilkins died.”
“And you no longer think I killed him?” That was a relief.
“I’d be so lucky,” he grumbled. “No, Fee. I told you before, I don’t. But the evidence you found is illegal, you must know that.”
“But you can use it as leverage against her, can’t you?” Damn it, I really messed up, didn’t I?
“Listen.” He sounded tired again, worn out. “I do appreciate your help.” Sure he did. “And you’ve broken a few things open for me with your stumbling around that I wouldn’t have managed on my own thanks to the people of this ridiculous town.” So he was frustrated with his new job, was he? Dad grew up here, so I guess it was easier for him. But I knew very well an outsider would be handled rather than welcomed, so he had to be struggling. And that meant I should be showing a little compassion instead of being a pain in his butt. “Ruth and Pete were having business troubles from what I’ve uncovered.” Wow, he was sharing? “Ruth registered three shell companies linked back to her and the nursing home in the last four weeks. She’s been siphoning funds into those accounts. While I can’t use your evidence, it’s clear from what you found she had the means and the motive. But she has an alibi for the night of Pete’s murder.”
Well, crappy. “What alibi?”
“Footage taken from the nursing home of her in her office.” He was still talking, amazing.
“The time code could be altered. She has access to all her own security footage, I assume.” Did that mean there was video of me breaking in? Whoops.
Crew sighed. “That’s exactly what I was thinking. So she’s also smack dab in opportunity.” Finally, we were getting somewhere. “But Fee, I really need you to step back, okay? I’m looking at Ruth right now. And if you alert her to the fact I’m doing so, she could destroy evidence or bolt and we’ll lose her.”
Honestly, I didn’t care if she was ever persecuted for the murder of her brother. They were both vile creatures who deserved what they got and karma had a way of sneaking up on you and smacking you down. So I felt a great sense of relief as I smiled into the phone, hoping he could hear the expression in my voice.
“I’m done,” I said. “Go get her, tiger.”
Crew laughed, shaky and weary. “I’m not going to survive this job,” he said. “Or you Flemings. But I’m going to try.” And he hung up.
I turned, a huge weight lifting from my shoulders as Daisy waved goodbye to the departing guests before spinning to ward me with her eyes huge and full lips parted in anticipation.
I hugged her, bouncing a little, so happy to have everything wrapped up. Daisy giggled and let me go while I bent to pat Petunia on the head and she panted at me in obvious happiness.
“Good news?” Daisy’s smile was infectious.
“The best,” I said.
She handed me a long, white envelope. A quick glance at the label said Wilkins Construction, Inc. A faint frown pulled at the line between my eyes, but when I ripped it open, heart beating a little too fast, I found a beaming smile replaced it while I skimmed the contents.
“Jared,” I said, moisture rimming my eyes, making it hard to read his signature. And the details. But I caught enough to look up at Daisy and hug the letter to my chest. “He signed Petunia’s back to me,” I whispered. “With his thanks.” And tracked the funds Ryan placed in the account under my name, all the way back to him and his firm.
Daisy squealed so loud I flinched and then hugged me until my ribs creaked while my pug—as much as I was her human—barked and spun in happy circles as if she understood completely just how awesome this moment turned out to be.

***

Chapter Thirty Seven

Dad’s smile told me everything I needed to know, Mom hugging me around the shoulders before offering Petunia another slice of banana. It disappeared down the pug’s throat while I continued to beam as I had since the moment I opened Jared’s letter.
“He said if I ever decide to sell, let him know,” I told them. “But fake signature or not, he’s not contesting anything and just wants to clean up his father’s mess.”
“Jared’s always been a good kid,” Dad said.
“And poor Aundrea and Pamela.” Mom tsked as she wiped her fingers from the last of the banana while Petunia managed to look starving despite her portly figure. “How horrible for both of them.” She patted my hand. “I went to school with the girls and it was honestly no secret.”
“Well, Aundrea clearly thought it was a big deal,” I said.
Dad sat back, arms crossing over his chest. “You say Crew already knew I’d been out of town?”
I winked at him. “Guess he’s okay at doing his job after all, Dad.”
My father grunted. “We’ll see.”
After a slice of celebratory apple pie Mom insisted on baking, I wandered home again with Petunia huffing beside me, her round belly full of scraps I wished my parents hadn’t fed her. They wouldn’t have to deal with her flatulence later.
“Okay, here’s the new rules,” I told her. “You can sleep on the bed, but no more stuff that’s bad for you. Or my nose.” She waddled and panted and didn’t argue. “And I promise I’ll take you on more walks and try not to leave you home so much.”
That seemed to suit her just fine.
My only job remaining? Call a lawyer. Because thanks to Jared’s information, it was time to kick Ryan’s ass all the way to prison. That would make this entire mess wrap up in the very best way possible.
The B&B was quiet when I got back, Mary and Betty in the kitchen as I poked my head inside. They both looked up, flinched, glanced away again. At least there weren’t any more stares or glares or accusatory looks. But I really needed to talk to them and was finally in the mood to do it.
No time like the present, right?
“Ladies.” I unhooked Petunia’s harness but she just sat on my feet anyway and didn’t leave me while I spoke. “I think we got off to a bad start. I swept in here after Grandmother Iris died with no idea what I was doing and put all of the weight on your shoulders.” I really didn’t think I had, but if I’d learned anything it was sugar went down easier than vinegar. And the way they both perked seemed to confirm I was on the right track. “I appreciate so much the fact you kept this place running when she was so ill and even after her death without thanks or anyone to support you.” That much was true and they both nodded, their sullen anger seemed gone at last. Wicked. Was I really on a roll? “I want you to know you both do an amazing job and I’m so glad you’re here to help me.” I surprised myself when I realized I wasn’t bending the truth to make them feel better. Sure, their attitudes weren’t the best, but this place ran like clockwork, to the point I really didn’t have the kind of headaches I’d thought might come up. “Okay, your turn,” I said. “Because I want to hear what you have to say.”
Betty poked her sister and, as per their arrangement, Mary spoke. “We were afraid you were going to fire us,” she said. And they both burst into tears.
Well, that wasn’t what I was expecting and was so close to the truth it hit me like a ton of very heavy bricks. Petunia ambled forward while I rushed to them and hugged the pair of them, heart breaking. I guided the older ladies onto stools and squeezed their hands, while they snuffled and bobbed their gray heads.
“We adored your grandmother,” Mary said, wiping at her round cheeks. “And when she fell ill, we did everything we could to make sure Petunia’s stayed up to her level of excellence while she was sick.”
I nodded. “You did a great job.”
“Then she died.” That last word came out as a wail while Betty sobbed twice before falling still. “And you came. And we didn’t know you and you were so quick and irritated and out of sorts and we didn’t know what to do.”
Totally a fair assessment. I’d barged in here like a house on fire, wanting to prove something to myself. And made them miserable.
“Can we agree to start again?” I looked back and forth between them. “I love it here, I never thought I would. And I’m so happy to tell you Jared Wilkins cancelled the claim on this place, so we’re good to go.”
They both lurched toward me and hugged me so fast I staggered back, Petunia barking her delight while they crushed me in their strong arms. Wow, they were a powerful pair for old ladies. I needed to stop underestimating them.
“That’s wonderful, Fiona,” Mary said, smiling through her tears. Then paused, looked down at her hands while Betty patted her back. “You’re not going to fire us, then?” She peeked up at me through her wet lashes, her perfect bun falling loose in places from the enthusiasm of her hug.
“Why would I do that?” I embraced them both in turn and resigned myself to the fact I’d have them here no matter what. “I need you two. For as long as you want to stay.” And paused. “But, I need to know you have my back. And that a few changes I’d like to make won’t be cause for rebellion.”
A short staff meeting commenced where I outlined my plans to take full advantage of how busy things were. That a lunch and early afternoon tea menu would lure our guests home again. The two were so bubbly excited I half expected Betty to talk. Yeah, no such luck. But we parted as friends, my heart lighter than it had been in years. Well, if I was going to be honest, than it had been my entire life. I ducked downstairs to my apartment for a few minutes to catch my breath and take the time I needed to absorb just how awesome my life had suddenly become.
From cheated on ex-girlfriend who fled her old existence and almost lost her future to a swindling dead guy to happy B&B owner with her whole future ahead of her.
I’d take it.

***

Chapter Thirty Eight

The shoe box Peggy brought me caught my eye, lured me in. I sat at the island in my kitchen, looking at last through the rest of the contents, at the photos of them as girls together, more memorabilia from trips they’d taken, from their time at school. At the bottom, tucked into a corner, sat a cute little toy that squeaked endearingly when I squeezed its small ducky body.
“Cookie must have accidentally sent us a gift,” I smiled at Petunia whose head cocked to the side at the sound. “I’d give it to you but you’d wreck it in about two seconds.” She loved to chew anything she could get her teeth on, and I’d lost enough shoes my first few days to prove it. “Let’s run this over to Peggy and Cookie, shall we? I’m sure they’d love to have it back.” And see us. It seemed like perfect timing to go have tea now that I was on the right track.
Instead of going out the front door and around the sidewalk, I exited out the back, into the garden and to the fence. It wasn’t hard to find the space between the carriage house and the wooden slats of the barrier where Peggy and Cookie slipped through so the little dog could crap in my bushes. It seemed so petty now, the fact I’d ever intended to say a word about it. Let Cookie poop. She was in good Petunia company and her crap was way smaller than the pug’s, after all.
Peggy’s back yard was a bit overgrown, less English country garden than mine and more gone off on its own accord. I followed the path to the back door, grinning to myself as I glanced to the right and spotted the small set of steps next to the fence. And now I knew what she stood on to talk to me over the barrier. Dedicated neighbor, you betcha.
She’d be shocked to find me coming through here. This would be all I’d have to do to tip her off. She’d know I knew about Cookie’s poop trips and we’d have a laugh at the joke. A whimsical sense of goodwill washed through me while Petunia paused on the porch and stared suddenly, panting halted, head tilted and a low growl escaping her.
I hesitated at her reaction and only then heard voices coming from inside. I stared through the back door into Peggy’s kitchen, caught sight down the hall of two people, one tiny and slim, the other hulking over her and lurched for the handle, jerking it open.
It didn’t occur to me to worry about what I was walking into, not when Peggy, Cookie nowhere to be seen, turned with her lined face pale in shock as Ruth Wilkins raised one hand to her.
Thank goodness I’d brought my cell phone, fishing it out of my back pocket and dialing 9-1-1 for the second time in less than a week. Peggy sobbed, hunching forward, arms rising to protect herself from the big woman’s threatening blow.
“Don’t touch her,” I snarled, phone still ringing, damn it. “I’m calling the police.”
Ruth laughed, booming and obscene. “You have no idea what you’re doing,” she growled. “Get out of here and mind your own business.”
“Not so good at that,” I shot back. Petunia woofed, scuttling sideways, her big body turning then to face us while she growled softly, and only then did I spot poor shaking Cookie tucked under the kitchen table behind the pug who protected her with her bulky body. No one answered the emergency call while Ruth lumbered toward me. I hit redial but my finger slipped and instead called Crew.
Well, probably a good thing.
I heard him pick up as I shouted at Ruth. “Don’t come any closer. And leave Peggy Munroe alone, Ruth Wilkins.”
She grunted herself to a halt, stared down at the cell phone in my hand, scowled at me then. Surely Crew got the hint? Meanwhile, the looming woman leaned in toward me, her beady eyes the same as her brother’s but a threat in her expression so powerful I was sure, now, she’d killed Pete and probably in cold blood.
“Please, Ruth, just go. I don’t have anything for you, I swear.” Peggy met my eyes, her hands fumbling for something by the kitchen door. “You and Peter were always my favorite grandnephew and niece, you know that.” They were what?
Ruth boomed another laugh, spinning on her elderly great aunt. “You old bat,” she snapped. “Pete might have fallen for your kindly old lady act, but I didn’t.” She ignored me this time, heading for Peggy whose hands had stilled, grasping something I couldn’t see while I tucked my phone into my pocket and prepared to leap on her back to keep her away from my neighbor. “Now, tell me where it is. I know it’s here somewhere.”
Before I could react, Peggy shrieked like a banshee and swung, her old arms shaking, the cane she’d grasped from its place by the door impacting the sides of Ruth’s knees. The big woman shouted in shock and fell sideways, hitting her head on the counter before collapsing to the floor, her eyes rolling back into her head.
For a brief instant Peggy looked triumphant, like a hunter who’d finally downed her prey. Then, she dropped the cane and burst into tears, her hands over her face. I hurried to her, circling Ruth’s unconscious body, hugging the dear old lady to me while she clung to me and trembled.
“They were threatening me,” she whispered. “Wanted my house, to put me in the nursing home.” She met my eyes, hers bloodshot and her face drawn and ashen from her ordeal. “I was so afraid. You saved me, Fee.”
I laughed shakily as a siren wailed closer, the cavalry on the way. “I think you saved yourself, Peggy. Thinking about taking up baseball?”
We giggled together in near hysteria as the front door at the end of the hall burst open and Crew and Robert rushed in. Too late to help, but still welcome. The wide eyed stare he gave me could have been respect or accusation, but I couldn’t care less which.
“Book her, Crew,” I said, nodding at the fallen Wilkins. “Attempted assault of her own great auntie.”

***

Chapter Thirty Nine

I sat with Peggy who rocked Cookie in her lap, the little bow on the top of her head gone missing in the fracas. Petunia perched on Peggy’s other side, nudging the nervous little dog every once in a while with her wet nose. Crew and Robert talked at the entry to the sitting room while a stretcher wheeled past, Ruth’s silent form laid out on it as the paramedics took her away.
“Still out cold,” Crew said, nodding to Peggy. “You’re okay, Mrs. Munroe?”
“I will be, dear,” she said, patting my hand that rested on her arm, “with help and time. Horrible woman. She and Peter, too.” She shuddered. “I don’t know what happened to those two to make them so hateful. They were my Daniel’s family, you know. There was a time I would have loved to call them my own. We weren’t blessed with children, you see.” She wept then, leaning on my shoulder. “I’ve been so afraid of them for so long, it’s lovely to know they’re gone.”
“You said they were looking for something?” Crew hesitated, waited.
Peggy looked up, snuffling, nodded. “They were searching for the deed to my house,” she said. “Going on about power of attorney and how I can’t take care of myself anymore.” Sounded familiar enough, though their own blood didn’t warrant a fake signature, just a snatch and grab. I guess she showed them. Or Ruth, anyway. I know I wouldn’t want to mess with her. “I can show you.” She made as if to move but fell back into the cushions, weak and shaking.
“That’s all right,” Crew said. “You can share details with me later. Why did they want the deed?”
Like he didn’t know. Still, I suppose he had to ask. Peggy shrugged, sagging into me. “To steal my property from me and put me in the home for good. Peter was at least kind about it even though he was a terrible fraud. But Ruth, she is a bully.” The old lady’s jaw set. “They tried to steal Petunia’s from Iris, did you know that?”
I loved her outrage. “All taken care of.”
She exhaled her relief. “I know, that young Jared. Nothing like his father.” She nodded abruptly. “I’m pressing charges, blood or no blood.”
“Of course.” Crew met my eyes, his widening slightly as if trying to deliver a message. “Maybe after you get checked out at the hospital Fee can bring you to the station to file a report.”
“I’m fine, dear, really,” she said. “I don’t need a doctor. She didn’t get to touch me. Not with Fee barging in like my hero.” She smiled at me, tremulous and sad. “Thank you, dear.”
“Any time,” I said, “but hopefully never again.”
“Amen to that.”
Crew left, Robert with him, the paramedics gone with Ruth in the back of the ambulance. I hugged Peggy around the shoulders, feeling the quiet of her house settle around us, the faint ticking of the big clock in her foyer counting the seconds that stretched into the afternoon.
“Can I make you some tea, Peggy?” I needed to do something, the tension of the last little while making me antsy to release the adrenaline buildup.
“Thank you, dear.” Peggy leaned back, eyes closing, Cookie tucking her nose under her tail as she curled up. “I really am very tired. That would be lovely.”
I stood, headed for the door and the hall. Noticed a bowl had been knocked over by the front door and went to fetch it. Ribbons, tiny colored slips of velvet, all for Cookie’s topknot. Pink and orange and green and…
Red.
I froze, heart pounding. Then shrugged it off. The red scrap of fabric in Fat Benny’s mouth. That’s where it had come from. Probably fell off when Cookie was using my garden as a bathroom. So not evidence of the murder at all. Right?
But the little dog only ever pooped by the fence and that was on the other side of the yard. I fingered the strips of velvet, mind beginning to spin. Well, the wind could have carried it into the water, and the koi were such idiots, they’d eat anything.
Silly. I obviously needed time away from mysteries because I was making them up in my head, now. Like the cane Peggy carried and how much the rubber bottom was about the size of an old fashioned ketchup bottle, ridges matching the ones in the hole near the pond…
“Put it together then, have you?”
I spun around, the bowl still in my hands, crouching over the fallen bits of fabric, staring down the hall at the silhouette of Peggy watching me. She didn’t seem so vulnerable anymore. If anything, the old lady loomed as much as Ruth had, threatening despite her small size. Holding her cane against her. My eyes traveled down to the base, to the perfect round tip. I was right. Just like the impression in the dirt beside the scuff mark where Pete slipped.
“You hit him with your cane.” The bruise Crew mentioned. On Pete’s leg. Perimortem but fresh, as if it hadn’t had time to develop before he died, evolved after he’d drowned. “He fell and hit his head.”
“But he didn’t die, the big idiot.” Not a trace of weariness or any sort of kindness in those words. I heard a click, looked up again, found the barrel of a gun in my face. And knew I’d been off track from minute one. “He was supposed to die.”
“So you used your cane to roll him into the water.” Where he drowned.
She shrugged her narrow shoulders, Cookie trotting out of the room behind her to sit shaking at Peggy’s feet. No sign of Petunia. My heart clenched, worry hitting me hard between the shoulders. What had she done to my pug? Sure, here I was with a gun pointed at me and I was worried about Petunia.
“Worked on Peter,” she said. “Figured it would work on that hideous cow, Ruth, too.” She leveled the barrel at me, obviously practiced with a gun.
“Why? Why kill him?” Not that it mattered, I guess. While I looked my death in the face and realized I was a terrible detective no matter what I thought otherwise.
She laughed. “You think either of those two morons had the mental capacity to run an operation as complex as this one?” Peggy’s disdain felt surreal, like I’d fallen into a film noir and stood on a cliff’s edge with my doom pending. “Please. The entire operation was mine. Has been for years. And those ungrateful brats,” she thudded the hardwood floor with the rubber end of her cane for emphasis, “thought they could muscle in on my carefully constructed process.”
Wow. Just, wow.
The photo on the top of the pile, from the shoe box she’d given me. The image of her with Grandmother Iris was of the sofa in the foyer of the nursing home. And the old man I’d seen her with, he was another victim, wasn’t he? “You were getting the signatures from the dying.” How sick.
“The latest of my schemes,” she shrugged. “Was lucrative until Pete got greedy and started mining still in towners. People with loved ones hanging around. Fake signatures, the fool. I only ever accepted the real thing.”
“And Ruth’s drug thefts? You had nothing to do with that?”
“I wouldn’t say that.” Peggy took a step forward, Cookie hovering at her feet. Still no Petunia. My heart broke, mind imagining her lying in the sitting room, dead or injured, unable to come to me. And anger shattered any remaining fear. I stood up while Peggy’s aim didn’t waver. “I took advantage of the situation once my stupid grandniece admitted what she was up to. But that had to end. Too risky.” She wrinkled her nose, looking ridiculous suddenly, an old woman, tiny and frail in a faded dress holding a gun like she knew how to use it. “Too messy.” She stopped, stared at me with the most calculating expression. “Peter didn’t want to set up his son, but it was the only way. Your darling ex-boyfriend, Ryan is it? Gave me the idea. When we found out he was embezzling and set you up for the blame.” She laughed again, a solid cackle. “He’s a deplorable boy, dear. You really can do better.”
“You wanted the B&B, didn’t you?” The gleam in her eyes told me as much, the way her thin mouth tightened.
“Damn that old witch, she wouldn’t sign.” Peggy thudded her cane again, hand with the gun twitching enough I felt anxiety return. “Pete chose the fake signature, though I told him not to. But I owed your grandmother a thing or two, dear Fiona. So I let him do it.”
The box. “Why give me that box of photos, of her things?” How did that make sense?
“I had to know what you knew, of course,” she said. “And Iris, well, she never suspected we weren’t the best of friends, did she?” Her snort carried disdain. “She really was a fool. Like your father who never suspected me, not for a moment.” She obviously thought that a great joke.
“But, why was Pete in my yard that night?” The last piece of this insane puzzle.
“Some foolishness Iris told him on her deathbed,” Peggy snorted. “About a treasure she buried. He just couldn’t wait. The moron.” She snarled at the floor a moment as if remembering. “He came here first, looking for—”
I waited as she grunted. “The same thing Ruth was looking for today?”
The prompting worked, the old woman exhaling in frustrated impatience. “Not like it matters now,” she said. “You’re dead anyway. Yes, he came for my ledger. The one I keep with evidence of all my business dealings.” Peggy’s hand wavered slightly. Was she getting tired? “Ruth thought she could bully me if she got her hands on it, just like Pete did. But he was far easier to manipulate than she ever was.” She waved the gun at me. “That night, when I told him where he could go, he grumbled about not needing me anymore, some foolish hidden treasure and slipped through the fence. I went after him to chase him off. The last thing we needed was any kind of attention at that point.” I could only imagine. He took a risk wandering around like that. One guest up at the wrong time and he’d be under scrutiny. “He was going to drop the bank account blackmail information on you when you came to protest the signature.” Peggy did smile then, a horrible expression devoid of humanity. “I wished I could have been there!” She licked her lips, grin tightening before it fell. “He had to make trouble, didn’t he? Argue with me over who was running the show. Threaten to cut me out.” A little shrug, a bit of a brush off. “Doesn’t matter. I took care of him and I’ll have Petunia’s now anyway. Once you’re dead, that is.”
“How you figure?” I couldn’t move, couldn’t think, stuck with a gun in my face and no alternatives. I couldn’t even reach my phone in my back pocket without her seeing. Stupid, stupid. How could I have missed this?
“Ruth knows to keep her mouth shut and take the fall or I’ll make her life even more miserable than it’s already set up to be.” Peggy’s grin tightened. “And your parents will happily sell with you gone, I’m sure of it. I can convince that weakling boy, Jared, to buy the property for me. And then everything will be done.” Another cackle. “Round about, but perfect all the same.”
“What did Grandmother Iris do to you?” They’d looked like such friends in the photos.
“It doesn’t matter,” Peggy snapped. “Now, I’m done talking and you’re still alive. Something I need to rectify.”
“You can’t just shoot me,” I said, holding up both hands. “They’ll arrest you for murder.”
“Who, me?” Peggy’s voice dropped to a trembling whisper, her face morphing to weakness and despair. “But, I was so afraid after my horrible grandniece was here and my husband’s old gun, well. I keep it for protection. Fee left, went home. I had no idea she’d come back. I thought she was an intruder and I… I…” She sobbed twice before stilling completely, voice cold. “I shot her thinking she was a burglar. Who could blame me after everything I’ve been through?”
In that moment I knew she’d get away with it. And that I was toast.
A fawn bundle of fur with black ears and a growl like a demon lurched from the sitting room, hitting Peggy in the back of the knees and driving her to the floor. She cried out, Cookie darting out of the way and I lunged, disarming the old woman with a quick twist of my wrist, hand grasping the barrel and jerking it loose from her grasp.
I might not have been in law enforcement, but Dad taught me to handle a gun.
Peggy snarled at me, swiped with her cane, but I was already dialing, weapon trained on her while Petunia limped to my side, sinking to sit on my feet, a cut over her right eye seeping blood.
“You’re going down, Peggy,” I said. “For all of it.”
She tried, I’ll give her that, face settling into her fragile old lady act. But I wasn’t having any, Crew answering as I spoke.
“Point a gun at me, fine,” I said. “But you tried to kill my dog, you bitch. You’re done.”

***

Chapter Forty

It was easy to smile at the adorably New England chic Mr. and Mrs. Thurston as I handed them their room keys, sunlight beaming into the foyer through the open door. I watched the happy young couple while they climbed the stairs to their room, ooh and ahhing over my place in their excitement to be here. Chatter from the dining room drifted toward me, the soft sounds of pots and pans in the kitchen while Betty whipped up fresh biscuits for afternoon tea, our second so far this week and met with great excitement by locals and tourists alike. The murder had added to our reach and notoriety and thanks to Daisy updating our social media with the successful resolution of Pete Wilkins’s death we’d seen a huge surge in followers and calls for new bookings.
Who knew murder was big business?
My plan to start offering little extras in the last week since Peggy’s arrest and my staff’s new leaf turn had made things busier around here, but I wasn’t complaining.
Daisy seemed to adore it, sweeping elegantly from table to table with all her charm beaming from her. Though, I wondered how long I’d get to keep her. She’d started dating someone new and was asking for more and more time off. Well, fair enough, except if I had to hire someone I really needed to look into it. August was just a week away and with no sign of things slowing down.
“Fee!” Speak of the devil, Daisy hurried from the dining room with a paper in her hands, shoving it at me with a beaming smile. “Look!”
I did, the front page exposé about Ruth, Pete and Peggy all the news in town the last few days. The state troopers had, in fact, shown up as Crew said they would—so not a liar, then—but by then he had Peggy in custody, thanks to me, and Ruth squealing on everyone involved for a deal. Not that I was a fan of deals, but if it meant taking Peggy down, I was all for it.
Petunia looked up at me from her usual place sitting on my feet. A cute little cartoon pug band aid covered the stitches over her eye, placed there—and replaced often—with loving adoration by Daisy when I brought the pug home from her vet visit shortly after Peggy’s attack. No worse for wear but milking her injury for everything it was worth, Petunia happily accepted all the snacks and love and attention everyone heaped on her.
“There’s my little hero,” Daisy said, rubbing the pug’s cheek. Petunia groaned her appreciation and I didn’t argue. She’d saved my butt, so she was owed a bit of latitude.
The byline on the piece was Pamela Shard, of course, but there was a rather smug triumphant feeling to the exposé. Not that I blamed her. She and Aundrea had been getting out and about together and from what I’d heard from the ever keen Daisy, the fact no one seemed to care—or find it a surprise—they were gay was a bit of a letdown for Aundrea and a huge relief for Pamela. After years of suffering, I guess the former Mrs. Wilkins was expecting a giant disaster and got crickets. Had to rankle.
Nice they had adopted Cookie, the little dog seemingly happier than she’d ever been.
“Look, Jared, how sweet is he?” Daisy pointed to the paragraph quoting the young Wilkins heir. “‘I’m already planning to return the bulk of the stolen properties to the rightful owners while offering partnerships where return isn’t possible.’”
Good kid, Jared.
Alicia, from the next paragraph’s information, was being credited with helping the police, but her brother, Pitch, was on the run and being sought for questioning. Any information would be kept strictly confidential and a reward was offered. Poor Pitch. He got the short end of the stick. But that’s the way he played it, so I wished him well despite his criminal activities. He did right by his sister, after all.
Dad was mentioned too, to my surprise, praised for refusing to give up on the investigation after Judge Anderson was identified as colluding with Pete, being blackmailed for having a prisoner turnover arrangement with the local prison. That was another big ball of wax and from what I heard the state troopers dropped Crew’s case like a rock and ran after that one before the FBI could snatch it up. And left our little town in its nice, quiet solitude—except for the multitude of tourists, that was—once more.
The nursing home was under new management, surprise, surprise. And, the small piece under the main article announcing the sale of Jacob’s Flowers caught my attention.
“Simon and Terri are splitting,” Daisy said, nose wrinkling in sympathy.
Terri I could muster empathy for.
My phone rang, the cell vibrating on the side board but one glance at the number and I ignored it.
“He’s still trying to talk to you?” Daisy covered her grin with one hand.
“Ryan’s in a heap of trouble,” I said, rather satisfied with that turn of events. The state troopers did one thing right, contacting his firm in New York before scrambling off to take down the judge. He’d been calling me in a panic ever since, but I wasn’t about to let the snake have the satisfaction of trying to wheedle his way out of this. If the long, rambling apologies and fake tears he sobbed into his messages were any indication, Ryan had completely underestimated me.
Sucker.
The front door opened, Vivian entering with—of all people—Crew on her arm. Well, she was on his arm, but same thing. He grimaced at me, an apology? All while the Queen of the Small Town Bakery swept past us and into my dining room. For tea. In my B&B.
On purpose, naturally. To show off the claws she had hooked firmly in our handsome sheriff. She was wasting her time. I had no interest in men right now. If ever. Still, he really did know how to work that butt.
“I’ll tell her to get her ass out.” Daisy fumed next to me, but I shrugged and grinned.
“It’s fine,” I said.
“If you say so,” she grumbled. Then brightened. “I’ll tell Mary to spit in her tea.” She spun, full skirt swirling around her and hurried off to the kitchen before I could stop her.
The door opened again and I turned back, shocked by my next guest. Malcolm Murray entered alone, the slim, spare old Irishman looking around with a happy expression, nodding to me.
“You kept the place the same as Iris,” he said, bending to pat Petunia who accepted his affection with her typical good grace. “Well done, Fiona.”
I gaped at him a moment before gesturing toward the dining room. “Tea?”
He winked. “Best in town,” he said. And drifted past me, pausing at the door. “You say hullo to your da for me?”
I nodded, swallowed. What was he after?
Malcolm laughed. “Excellent. Maybe I’ll pop round again sometime.”
And then he was gone inside and I was left panting my anxiety over whatever that was into the quiet air of the foyer.
Petunia followed me down to my apartment when Daisy returned with a smug grin. I didn’t ask, just escaped for a few minutes, the same sunlight beaming into my kitchen and warming my face. I turned to pour myself some coffee and spotted the metal box, padlock hanging at a jaunty angle. And looked down at the farting pug on my feet.
Of course.
It took a bit of hunting through Grandmother Iris’s things, but I finally located the papers I was looking for. Petunia’s birthday worked as the combination, naturally. Fingers trembling, I popped open the protesting lid, the metal grinding a bit. But the hinges worked fine once I’d wiggled the top free and the lid fell to the counter, hanging there, contents exposed.
Not treasure or money or jewels. Letters. Dozens of them. Addressed to Grandmother Iris from the most unlikely source. Daniel Munroe. Adoring husband, I could only imagine, of one Peggy next door. No wonder she hated my grandmother. Love letters hot enough to make me blush and put them aside. Did Grandmother Iris know Peggy was on to her about the affair with her husband? Questions I’d have to ask someday. For now, it didn’t matter.
Because at the bottom of the box lay a key with a black plastic tag. B-562. A safety deposit box key. And another mystery to keep me going.
Daisy’s call for me from upstairs broke my excited reverie. “Coming!” I closed the box, pocketing the key. Looked down at Petunia and grinned at her sweet face, the adorable band aid. And went upstairs to see to my guests.

###
Ready for more Fee and Petunia?
Find Book Two of the Fiona Fleming Cozy Mysteries
RIGHT HERE!
Chocolate Hearts and Murder


The After Hours Deception
Masquerade Inc. Cozy Mysteries #1

Patti Larsen
Copyright 2019 by Patti Larsen

Find out more about me at
http://www.pattilarsen.com

***

Moment De La Mort

He grins over his glass of champagne. Everything is going exactly the way he intended and, dare he say so himself, he’s killing it.
Absolutely killing it.
He drains the glass, sets it aside, sits back. Laughs out loud though there’s no one there to hear it, as far as he’s aware. Not that he’s aware of much aside from his ego’s vanity, cheek, conceit.
That laugh is more than enough to hide movement behind him. His arrogance allows the sneak approach. Which means, of course, he’s so distracted by his own pomposity he doesn’t see the napkin-wrapped hand hover over the melting pool in the silver basin, nor does he witness said hand remove the dripping and empty bottle of bubbly from the ice bucket.
He’s far too deeply sunk into that self-satisfying realm of audacity that devours common sense to even ponder for a moment everything might not, in fact, be working out as he’d intended.
The hand rises, bottle gripped within the pristine white napkin, catching any drops that might give warning. Hovers overhead a moment, though out of hesitation or anticipation he’ll surely never discover. And, at last, brings it down, hard and fast and with purpose to the target intended.
He’s too busy congratulating himself on a job well done to even comprehend the end has come before his time, that fleeting moment between life and eternal darkness sparing him understanding.
Death by hubris. How fitting.

***


Chapter One

Boxes were heavy. Not that I was complaining or anything. It was just.
Boxes. Heavy.
Argh.
Especially when said boxes contained the sum and total of my entire existence. Corrugated hell encompassing millennial decisions made without thought for the future beyond the moment of pleasure that doing my best to recreate the life my parents had evoked. Only to end in a long, slow trudge up a narrow set of stairs over said parent’s garage in a desperate attempt to evade bankruptcy and utter despondency embedded in shame, guilt and the bitter taste of failure.
I apparently put the ‘suck’ in success.
My boots made soft protesting noises on the staircase’s wooden surface, a sort of thump-thump-are-you-kidding-me-right-now that echoed into my bones and gave me heartburn at the age of twenty-freaking-eight. While my energetic and charming Father Figure #2, Pops, hurried on ahead of me as though he was younger than me rather than twice my age.
Why did crashing and burning make me feel old?
My toe caught on the edge of the next step, and I inhaled sharply, clutching at the box in my arms like it might save me from faceplanting. Instead, I leaned hard into the railing, knowing it might fail at any second and dump me on the asphalt below in a sad and tragic end for Petal Morgan, serial student, career connoisseur and oh-so-quaint collector of bills, debt and collapsed net worth.
No such luck. Seriously. Dying right then? Might be preferable to the alternative.
Salvation strode up from behind me, Father Figure #1, Dad, (his choice, I swear), bumping into me with the front of his own burden, grunting faintly when he realized I’d come to a complete and sullen stop.
“Pet,” he grumbled. “Move it or lose it.”
Sigh. That was what I got for having a career FBI agent for a father. Bossypants super special whatchamacallit.
I heaved myself onward and upward, no idea what was in the paper disguised as solid and supportive packing material I held in my arms but certain at any moment my truly wretched packing skills would end in the tumbling exodus of the contents onto the stairs before me if I didn’t hurry the heck up already.
Two more. One more. Felt like an old 80s aerobics video rah-rah, you-can-do-it as I finished the climb for the (thanks for the expression, Gen X Dad) umpteenth time and, blowing my blonde bangs out of my eyes, I panted a little while depositing said vestibule of all things my life on top of yet another container that cradled the deepest, darkest secrets of an almost thirty in eighteen more months woman trying her best not to be embarrassed by her present living conditions.
Not helping that my younger brother grinned at me from the freshly completed kitchen—one of the only rooms in the apartment that bore such a label—like he was taking bets on how long I’d be stuck here and couldn’t wait to rub it in.
“You know,” Jordan said on exactly that teasing trajectory, setting his own box of Petal goodness on the laminate counter made to look like marble, “you’re stealing my bachelor pad and I’m not sure I’m going to forgive you for it.”
He was lucky he was adorable in his early twenties African American slenderness and sweeter than I was, not to mention ten feet away because one of my boots might have made an impression on him otherwise.
“We’re delighted to have you home, aren’t we, Andy?” Pops spoke up in that ever-cheerful way of his, ageless Asian heritage belying the fifty-something of his birthdate, his nearly black eyes sparkling with good humor, still not a trace of gray in his pin-straight hair cut short enough to almost be called a buzz. His excitement at my return balanced out the not-so-enthusiastic mumble Dad let out while he set aside the box he’d been lugging, bending at the knees as he was supposed to, tall and rather wide-shouldered six plus feet towering over all of us in white-shirted, dark-tied FBI precision.
“Delighted.” Dad’s flat tone and blank expression did nothing to hide the laughter in those blue eyes devoid of judgment despite the fact he’d sighed when I’d first confessed how much trouble I was in and just needed somewhere to hide from the collection agencies while I regrouped and pulled myself together already.
Seriously, this was his fault. Supervisory Special Agent Andrew Walker chose to adopt me, right? Raised me to this pillar of societal perfection placed before him in the still evolving, supposed-to-be-rentable apartment in his new house, but familiar town, outside Quantico, Virginia.
My failures in life?  His failures. So there.
“Freeloading kids.” Dad winked at Jordan who eye rolled with a wide grin that made his white teeth flash against that gorgeous dark skin of his. At least my adopted brother wasn’t neck-deep in enough debt to drown the most industrious of wanna-be success stories, unlike his pasty-faced sister despite her good looks and natural blonde locks, slim and athletic frame and endearing pearly smile everyone always said would take her far in the world.
All the way to wrack and ruin.
Maybe seeing me stumble from one lackluster opportunity to another pathetic attempt at making my way with the time I’d had so far on Earth had given Jordan the impetus he needed to grasp financial security by the short and curlies and win for both of us.
That was, if being a yoga instructor could earn out into something that didn’t eventually relegate him to spending the rest of his life in the main house with our fathers. Yeah. Real success stories evolved from the kids who squatted in this place of residence.
You’re welcome, little bro.
“At least you have someone you know and trust living here, Dad.” Jordan had always taken great pleasure in giving our federal agent father a good ribbing. Case in point, I snickered while Dad shuffled his feet, frowning, mumbling something about getting another box before turning and striding down the steps into the early May sunshine.
“He’s just cautious,” Pops said, that beaming smile and empathetic caring about as familiar as Dad’s grumpy cynicism.
“Pops,” Jordan said, dark eyes locked on me, “we moved in here, what, two months ago?”
Our second father sighed. “Almost three,” he said like doing so betrayed the love of his life out of some kind of father solidarity.
“And the whole reason we bought this house,” Jordan gestured around him, closing the distance between him and me while Pops just crossed his arms over his chest and watched, “is so that you can fix up this,” another wave, free arm landing around my shoulders, my taller little brother leaning into me, “and rent it out. For extra income or something.” He snorted. “Like you two need it.”
Pops dropped his hands to his sides, shrugged. “You know Andy,” he said. “Always thinking about the future.”
Wow, that sounded weak, even from Dad’s main supporter. “Pray tell, dear brother,” I said, taking up his teasing tone and grinning back at him, “why then, would you say, is this very apartment—that specified source of extra income—not finished and/or rented?”
“Why, my darling sister,” Jordan said, free hand now pressed to the logo on his t-shirt, extravagance expanding with his broad chest, “as it turns out, our dear and amazing Dad #1 hadn’t thought through the whole idea prior to the execution of such a scheme, had he?”
Pops let out a soft snort, shaking his head, then laughed. “Don’t tease Andy about this,” he said, voice low as he crossed to both of us, taking a peek over my shoulder to ensure, I could only assume, Dad wasn’t already returning with another box. “Just because he’s hesitant—”
“Untrusting.” Jordan released me to tick off descriptors on one hand with the other. “Judgmental.” He looked skyward a moment before smiling again. “Paranoid.” He met my gaze one more time. “Did I cover it?”
I clenched my lips together to keep the laughter in, shaking my head while Pops sighed softly.
“Fine,” he said. “The apartment isn’t done because Andy realized he’d have to rent to a stranger and doing thorough, FBI level background checks on possible renters is illegal.” He tapped his toe on the floor, practical and brandless white sneakers ridiculous at the base of his black dress pants, beige button up mostly shrouded in that thin brown sweater he loved to wear. The one with the patches on the elbows Dad gave him for Christmas three years ago to replace the previous one Pops wore out by donning it like a uniform every single day of every term.
If he wasn’t a college professor he’d look ridiculous. I guess he got a pass, though I always wondered what his students thought of him and if he was teased behind his back for his choice of clichéd attire.
Dr. Sam Ito, Dean of Arts and Sciences, total and utter nerd.
Pops hugged me suddenly, Jordan, too, and I melted into my second father instantly. He always smelled like nuts for some reason, and despite his lean frame he was surprisingly strong. They were an odd pair, our fathers, but they worked and that was all I cared about.
“I’m happy about how things worked out,” Pops whispered in my ear. “I get my family back, even if it’s just for a little while.” He pulled away then, blinking far too much and too rapidly, Jordan clearing his throat, wiping at his own eyes, while I felt like I’d taken on far too much of Dad and not nearly enough of the sweet man standing in front of me.
Speak of the devil, Dad grunted faintly, footfalls stopping at the top of the steps, shadow falling over us when his bulky body blocked out the sunlight.
“Last one, Pet,” he said. I took it from him, setting it aside on the plywood floor, hugging him in thanks. He paused as I did, chin on the top of my head, the scent of his familiar cologne and the heat of him reminding me of the past, of being small and terrified and alone until the tall and kind man I’d never met before picked me up and hugged me and promised me he’d protect me from what happened to my mother.
Yeah, I wasn’t going there right now. And it turned out I had enough of Pops in me after all to make my own eyes sting.
I stepped away from Dad before the waterworks could start for real, though I had no idea if he was aware of why I was suddenly tense and uncomfortable. Just like him to give me space and let it go, though, without question. Funny, he had always given me the room I needed to sort out what I wanted to say before sitting down with me to hear it.
I might have teased him for being a hard ass special agent, but Dad was the bomb.
“You can fix it up however you like, I guess.” He swept the room with that intense and watchful gaze of his. I’d never, ever been able to hide anything from him, and stopped trying a long time ago.
I accepted his offer to step away from emotional conversation and nodded, both hands firmly in my back pockets, my ponytail shivering down the back of my t-shirt. “It’s great, Dad, Pops. Thank you. I really appreciate this.”
Pops kissed my cheek before waving Jordan off toward the door. “You get settled then come in for dinner,” he said. “I’m making gnocchi, your favorite.”
Soft, homemade clouds of pillowy potato goodness? “Alfredo sauce?”
He winked over one shoulder and disappeared with my brother ahead of him, Dad joining them, though he paused at the door, glancing back at me, blue eyes shadowed by the backlight of the sun so it was impossible to gauge his expression.
“Welcome home, Pet,” he said, soft and full of love before my stoic and confident father disappeared down the stairs, leaving me to the remnants of my life.

***

Chapter Two

It was quickly apparent it was going to take me a lot longer than the half-hour or so I had before dinner to unpack and create the kind of interior space I needed to actually feel at home up here. At least I had a roof over my head, didn’t have to live in the main house with my fathers and my brother and I was safe, had food to eat and even the chance to dig myself out of the hole I found myself in.
I was further ahead than some people I knew and I needed to get over myself and this princess attitude of why me? I’d chosen to cultivate.
Except, it was hard, standing here, staring at the sum and total of my life so far in those few and rather pathetic cardboard boxes on the plywood floor of an unfinished space I knew would likely remain that way because I wasn’t really all that good at follow through. Part of the reason I stood here, right?
Okay, five minutes of wallowing. And, go.
Why didn’t my life work out the way I wanted it to, how everyone said it should? Hadn’t I done all the things right, won the genetic lottery, had a brain in my head, clever and charismatic and confident enough to succeed at anything?
Apparently not.
Turned out being attractive and funny had very little to do with loving what you did, finding a paying job that didn’t require previous experience, interning for free in jobs that were supposed to create said experience, tripping over drinking hard on weekends, traveling to find yourself while modeling and acting and any number of other activities that blonde twentysomethings were supposed to aspire to, only to have all of it fall flat, stale and end in bitter disappointment and weight gain I was made to feel guilty over and a rather unhappy relationship with alcohol and old, white men who thought they owned me the last of my recent legacy.
Not. Complaining.
Just tired. And pretty sure being raised in the kind of environment I’d spent my first eight glorious (yes, that was sarcasm) years wasn’t helping any. Formative or not, until the man I called Dad held me in his arms, I’d never once felt truly safe.
No excuses, honest. But not everyone got the fairytale beginning that ended in a happily ever after.
I sank to the surface of the double bed pushed against the far wall of the open space, the bachelor feel not really bothering me that much, to be honest. I liked the lack of walls aside from the small bathroom’s enclosed privacy, the way the central pillars, mere jack posts at that point, cold metal begging to be disguised with faux panels of wood or boxed in with drywall, creating a natural dividing line down the middle of the long, narrow space. And the mattress was comfortable, equal parts firm and springy, elevated by a stand and box spring enough my feet barely reached the floor. It was cool up here as the sun set and I rose again to close the door, watching the blue sky turning red and orange over the rooftops of the suburban neighborhood of this town I now called home again.
Martingale might not have been a metropolis, but its proximity to Washington D.C. at least offered me some options. Not that I was against small towns or anything, but I’d spent my high school years here and didn’t recall it being all that memorable outside six long and annoying terms hating everything and wishing for summer. Thanks to Dad’s job with the FBI we’d moved a lot when we were young, Martingale our longest stop. This was the first time, I think, he planned to stay anywhere longer than a few years, his new instructor position at Quantico one of those retirement ready offerings I was sure he’d fought tooth and nail. Dad had the heart of a lion and the soul of an investigator. Taking a job teaching recruits never sounded like something he’d agree to willingly.
I needed to ask him why, I guess, but like him I tended to wait and give space. He’d fill me in when he was ready.
Maybe he did it for Pops? That was possible. Being a professor, bobbing from college to college, didn’t really allow for tenure. It could be Dad finally gave Pops the chance to do what he loved. And getting this sweet job as dean for a full faculty? The more I thought about it—and stopped thinking about myself, wow, look at me getting over my need to whine already—the more it made sense.
Love could make you do things you wouldn’t normally.
Safe. Secure. Protected. Grateful. All those things. Now, to sort myself out so I didn’t end up staying here forever.
As I turned back toward the interior of the apartment, I tripped over the last box Dad brought up, tipping it sideways and spilling some of the contents on the floor. I crouched next to the mess I’d made, no metaphors intended, hands tucking sweaters and rolled-up socks back into the righted cardboard, before I caught the corner of something hard and inhaled. I’d forgotten where I’d packed my memory box, just as startled as I was sadly delighted to come across it. I should have been unpacking, or at least figuring out a game plan. Instead, I crossed to the bed once again and sat, wriggling my butt until I was far enough back I could cross my legs and settle the box in the gap, tipping the top open to peek inside.
My most precious treasure. Dad gave it to me shortly after he adopted me. At the time, living in California, recently orphaned and traumatized by foster care for the six months it took for Dad to get permission to first foster me then make me his, I’d cherished the contents of the box. It was all I had left of my past, a history Dad had carefully preserved for me.
My fingers hesitated over the thin stack of photos, the trinkets, the ring buried in the corner. I fingered the smooth, gold band, the last bit of my mother I had left, aside from a photo taken a few days before her death. I stared down at her, hating the burning in the back of my throat, the way my eyes welled up and that I had to hastily wipe at them before they could splash into the box. Wouldn’t be the first time. My fingers trembled when I lifted out the picture, stared at the beautiful woman with her golden hair, the tiny girl in her arms, beaming smiles from both. Perched in the front seat of a red convertible, white leather seats shining in the California sunlight.
Something rattled in the bottom of the box when I tipped it sideways and I retrieved the key. How had I forgotten? Lucille might have been long gone—my mother’s favorite toy, that car, and my nemesis—but I still had the means to turn on her ignition, to hear the hum of her engine, if the opportunity ever presented.
This was a terrible time to linger over my past. Annette Morgan might have been a famous actress in her day, but she was a terrible mother, an alcoholic drug addict and a weak-willed and pathetic excuse for a human being. Her death made a lot of people rich, and left me on the street.
Oh, and my sperm donor? Well, he’d been the one who’d killed her before taking his own life, so I could hardly be blamed for not exactly calling him father of the year, could I?
Poor Petal Morgan. Except, thanks to fate, I’d ended up with the best fathers on the planet.
Giant inhale, and a leap into new beginnings. While choosing to admire the happy memories inside. Like the photo of Dad and me the day of my adoption, and the one of he and Pops getting married when it finally became legal for them to tie the knot. That had been an amazing day, I admitted it, the both of them in their tuxedos, Jordan the best man and me their maid of honor, just the four of us and the courthouse and a lovely dinner on the San Diego waterfront.
I closed the box, stared at the wooden top for a moment, the painted stencil Dad created of my name though he was the least crafty person I’d ever met perfect in its precision, just like him. And I smiled as I set it aside and rose to fill my belly with yummy cooking and my heart with the men I loved most in the world.
I took the back stairs to the kitchen door, almost stumbling in the falling darkness over a heavy, cracked set of ceramic bowls tucked to one side of the second last step. While I paused in the shadow of the house, the light from the interior giving me enough illumination to check out the old crockery that, if I recalled correctly, used to hold cranberry sauce and stuffing at Christmas, Pops appeared out the door to wave me inside.
He chuckled to himself when he saw me cock my head and joined me. “Your dad has been feeding a stray.” He pointed at the remains of a few bits of kibble in the bottom of one, the low level of water in the other. “You know how much he loves strays.”
Tell me about it. What else was I, after all? Jordan? Dad would never admit it, but he was a softy when it came to critters, too. We’d never technically been allowed cats or dogs, but his fondness for taking care of abandoned animals meant we often had a selection of pets who spent their twilight or illness-riddled final days in the comfort of our house.
“I’ll keep an eye out,” I said. “Pops.” I couldn’t get any more out.
Didn’t need to. He hugged me, then led me inside, smile warm and that welcoming compassionate familiar expression that reassured me, no matter what happened, everything would always work out.
“You just need some gnocchi,” he said.
Why did that make me laugh?

***

Chapter Three

The delicious dinner did nothing to change my present situation, but it did fill me up with yummy home cooked goodness, so I wasn’t complaining.
“So, Pet,” Dad said, “what’s your plan?” Because prodding me was due, like all the bills I had yet to pay. Pops made a soft tsking sound, spinning on Dad with a headshake that told me they’d discussed their Team Fatherhood approach to the subject and Dad clearly went off book. Instead of acknowledging his husband’s disapproval of such behavior—Pops would give him trouble for it later—Dad looked up from settling a plate in a slot on the bottom rack of the dishwasher, his precision loading technique relegating him to the position of only person in the house permitted to add anything to his regimented system of cleaning perfection.
How was I supposed to argue with someone who had a brain that precise? Though arguing with him had been a rather common occurrence when I was younger, I’d learned not to bother since winning was impossible. Despite knowing he was only asking because he cared, I devolved into mumbly crank.
“I’m already looking at jobs that might be available.” I’d done a little poking and prodding online this afternoon before he and Pops arrived with the car for the last of my boxes. No huge prospects, but enough I knew I could, at least, find some sort of work while I figured out next steps.
Pops bustled to my side, kissing my cheek, another glare shot in Dad’s direction. “I’m sure any number of businesses would be lucky to have someone like you work for them, Petal.” He went back to his task, securing the leftovers in the fridge, carefully wrapped and stored by date of cooking on the orderly shelves. The pair of them really needed to get a life outside of domestic bliss. Then again, they’d waited so long to be able to live like this, as husband and husband, I found it hard to begrudge them their adorableness even if it meant the occasional deep breath over their habits and set ways I’d never fathom or master.
Pops closed the door with a satisfied sigh, patting his flat belly. He’d have his nose in the leftovers before bedtime. “But no pressure, okay? We don’t want you to rush into anything, especially if it means you’re putting yourself in a worse position. We’re here for you. Anything you need, you just ask.”
Not a jab, not from him. My sweet second father would never consider such words could possibly be construed as a deep and stabbing pain tied to the handful of failed attempts I made at creating my own businesses when the jobs I couldn’t seem to cling to fell out from under me.
Dad, on the other hand, snorted while he shuffled a pair of plates—I swear, he ordered them by size and maybe color and some other system only he comprehended—into a more satisfying position. “In other words, before you sign up for another multi-level marketing, get-rich-quick, online business scheme, or some such, Pet, tell us.”
That wasn’t really fair. I’d done my best, tried hard to vet every opportunity, but yeah. As I scowled at him with my arms crossed over my chest, the formerly settled dinner doing a slow roll over in my stomach, I had to admit I’d made some truly epic choices in the what the hell was I thinking department.
Who knew that buying foreign currency from a country with a collapsed economy wasn’t going to generate income right away? If ever? The guy I’d taken the course from assured me the thousands I’d paid to learn the ropes would end in me getting rich while helping the poor and downtrodden of said collapsed country. Except, it turned out, the only person who benefited was him.
At least someone was making a profit.
As for the commodities market lesson in disaster, well. Good thing the process didn’t actually mean a cargo container of wheat landed in my yard or anything if I screwed up, but neither did said trading in bulk items amount to bulk anything aside from an outflux of funds to the bottomless pit of the commodities exchange. Again, someone was getting rich, it just wasn’t me.
Oh, and etrading? Yeah. I might as well have taken up professional poker. I would have had more luck with cards than I did with the stock market.
But hey, I was trying. And trying. Refused to stop trying. That counted for something, had to. Trouble was, every attempt to find something stable and financially viable sucked up the last of the space on my credit cards with promises of booming success winding down to whimpering collapse.
“She’s hardly the only one in this position.” Pops slid one arm around my waist, frowning at Dad. I hated being the source of conflict between them because, honestly? I never, ever saw them fight or even argue or, seriously, say anything against one another. Unless it was about me, naturally. Way to foster family unity and cohesion, Petal.
Dad sighed and closed the dishwasher, leaning against the counter with one hip, his tie gone but white button up still pristine and crisp despite a day spent in it. How did he do that? Those blue eyes settled on Pops, then me, as my first father nodded.
“I’m well aware of that,” he said. “But we raised you to stand on your own two feet, Petal. You and Jordan.” My brother chose that moment to join us in the kitchen, almost doing an about face with his own expression in a wince as he realized what he’d just strolled into. I caught his arm and held him while Dad went on. “It’s time to stare down some reality here, kid. We’re happy to help, but in the end you have to sort this out yourself or you’ll keep repeating the same mistakes.”
I didn’t argue, because he was right. Didn’t like it, for the same reason. But there it was. Dad and I had a long history of such conversations that often ended in slamming doors, usually by my hand, because he was just so reasonable and logical and right. And I couldn’t keep blaming my upbringing before him for my failings.
Besides, he meant well and I’d earned this little chat. In fact, I was lucky he wasn’t pissed. Actually, pissed would have been preferable to disappointed.
“I’ll find something,” I said, “and I’ll be out of your hair before you know it.” Hey, I didn’t slam any doors. Look at me being all cool and collected. Maybe I was growing up after all.
Dad nodded and straightened up, showing zero surprise to my reaction despite our history. “Let us know if you need anything.” And, with that, he left the kitchen, his massive presence missed the moment he departed.
“We’re super close to D.C.,” Jordan said, going for bright and supportive. “I know you’ll find something in the city if you can’t here in town.”
I hugged him, grateful, at last, to be home. “Thanks for dinner, Pops,” I said, and left to finish sorting out my life.
Time for Petal Morgan to make something of herself.
The sight of a large, orange tabby perched on the back steps to the garage brought me up short. He seemed as surprised to see me as I was him and, after a grave moment of observation, he hopped down to the ground and sauntered off. Not so much afraid of me but uninterested in my presence, his bob of a tail and one clipped ear proof he’d been through the wars and lived to tell the tale.
I refilled his water and food, assured he was, from the size of him, likely being fed by everyone in the neighborhood but wanting to honor Dad’s need to take care of the stray. In doing so, I actually found comfort in the fact the big, beat-up tomcat found his own way in life, despite, it appeared, a rough go of things. If he, a simple orange tabby with clear attitude and spunk, could make his way past losing his tail and what looked like a large piece of one ear, surely I could figure out where to go from here.
With that little boost of confidence powering my steps, I went upstairs to my new home to unpack not just my belongings, determined to turn this looming shipwreck around.

***

Chapter Four

An evening spent online searching local want ads added to the next morning’s continuing perusal over a cup of coffee while tucked under the covers revealed what I’d already sort of figured out.
One, Martingale was small enough the likelihood I’d be finding my next big thing right here in suburbia was probably slim to none.
Two, there seemed to be an abundance of nothing to do that wasn’t family oriented, as in three kids and a dog and a partner and maybe a minivan.
And, three, taking the train on a daily basis into the city was about as appealing as working eight-to-five in a cubicle while listening to watercooler gossip and rotting my brain on menial desk work that would probably end in me losing my soul in the process.
Was it really so much to ask for gainful employment that didn’t require me to wear pumps and have a 401K and a ball and chain arrangement with the fourth floor of some office building that recycled the air as much as it recycled staff? Honestly, I couldn’t get past the anxiety that stirred inside me at the thought of becoming a mindless drone servant to the man for the next however many years it took for me to pay into my measly pension (if I even was lucky enough to earn one of those) before retiring to Florida and a single-wide in a gated trailer park just begging a tornado to come visit?
Or, worse, some fleabag apartment because I’d be broke and single and lonely aside from my fifteen cats whose food I’d eat regularly because human groceries were too expensive.
Oh. My. God. Mini Petal who tortured me with her angsty worries and fears, who made me want to just hide under the blankets and never, ever leave?
Stop.
Just stop, already.
I closed my laptop and looked around at the boxes piled near me, the flooring and paint cans and miscellaneous building materials that were, if I was going to be real about it, such a metaphor for my life right now I could see it clearly. Starting fresh had excellent possibilities if I could just stop.
So, priorities, then. Making lists tended to help me focus, so I nabbed a notebook and pen from my side table of cardboard and flipped to the first page. First on the list was a job, obviously. My car had seen better days, though it still ran okay, so there was that. I added it to the pros list of things on my side. I was actually dying to personalize this space, but the little total hanging on by a thread in my savings account wasn’t going to allow for much. Still, my fathers had done a lot already, so I’d make do. Hey, look, another one for the pros list.
I took another sip of my coffee, already growing cold, and set aside the journal. Opened the laptop. And updated my resume with the intense determination of a woman who would conquer the world despite herself.
My education felt a bit inflated, everything from acting school to journalism to massage therapy and more, a long list of let’s try this now before I logged the last one, accounting. I shuddered when I filled in the details. How had I ever believed I’d be a good accountant?
I had a very solid grasp of what I didn’t want to do. So, that being known… what was left to stir the excitement and enthusiasm I’d always longed for?
I looked up, around my apartment. And felt a wave of relief hit me. Here I was in the worst financial shape of my life, but I had a home and family who loved me. Not to mention a solid chance to figure out what I really wanted.
That, I finally understood, was just my luck. No more whining, not when my fathers and the Universe handed me this golden opportunity to stop flailing and really ask.
What did I want to be when I grew up?
I returned my attention to my resume, and the list of unhappy jobs I’d attempted. That column ran a bit thinner, but not in the number of placements department. Nope, I’d had lots and lots and lots of jobs. Most of which lasted about two weeks, maybe a month, before ending in tragedy and either me quitting and storming out (usually) or getting fired (also frequently). Which meant many of them weren’t listed because, frankly, I didn’t want a potential new employer to get an earful from old bosses.
Resume updated with my new address, I emailed the file to Dad’s printer and firmly hit print. SSA Andrew Walker had taught me to be a go-getter, and I was going to finally go and get.
I slipped into his office feeling like I was some kind of spy on a clandestine mission to steal valuable intel from a foreign leader. Not that he’d ever made me feel unwelcome in the various office spaces he’d created for himself from house to house. On the contrary. Dad was always agreeable when I’d stop in to see him, either ensconced behind his large wooden desk in his large leather chair doing large Dad things or sitting with one leg tidily crossed over the other in the equally enormous leather wingback he favored, reading something that likely informed and educated because heaven forbid Dad ever waste a moment on fiction or fun.
Okay, I was being mean. He’d always made time to ensure I enjoyed my life, though with the stiff discomfort of a man who wasn’t sure how to do the same himself.
Yeah. My dad.
The printer had neatly produced the stack of resumes I’d requested, already waiting for me in the out tray. I paused by Dad’s desk, smiling at the photo of me and Jordan, both of us just kids, with Pops hovering behind us, my first father behind the camera and missing from the shot, the three of us on the Santa Monica pier. I’d been, what, twelve? That made Jordan about four. Crazy. I remembered that picture, that day, taken the same weekend Dad adopted my little brother after his single mom had been murdered by her pimp.
Strays. There were times I worried about my little brother, knowing life was so much easier for someone like me. Young, white, privileged. Still, he never showed any resentment, brought up any mention of overt racism against him and, I admit, I never asked.
Didn’t stop me worrying.
I retrieved the printed pages, turned to Dad’s desk, slipped open the second drawer. He was as orderly in his office as he was everywhere else, so I knew exactly where to look for a new folder to store the history of my education and employment. As I grabbed the last one, I accidentally hooked the one beside it, half-extracting it before I could stop myself.
I almost let it fall back into place, except there was a title typed in careful bold letters on a label across the tab, a single word that made me pause and frown.
LUCILLE.
I inhaled slowly over that word, pulling both the files out of the drawer. My absent fingers set aside the empty one, the stack of resumes, leaving me to stare down at the plain file folder with that simple name written like a challenge. I hesitated to open the cover, to look inside, though I wasn’t sure why. Perhaps some lingering anxiety about being in Dad’s office, snooping as it were. But upon contemplation I had to be truthful that my reluctance came, instead, from fearing there might be something within about my mother.
Why Dad would have a file on her car I had no idea. Nor did I care. Nope, didn’t, whatever, letting it go, thanks. I firmly replaced the file into the space it previously resided and thudded the drawer home.
It was probably some kind of coincidence, but the back-to-back reminder about my mother and her loss wasn’t encouraging me to move on. While moving on was exactly what I intended to do.
Resumes in hand and head held high, I marched from the office. Ignoring the tiny little part of me that whispered I should go find out what was in the other folder making a nuisance of itself.
It could just wonder and ponder and whine all it wanted. I had better things to do than poke my nose in Dad’s business.
I was going to find a job.

***

Chapter Five

By Friday morning of that first week living in Fatherland, I’d had a bit of an awakening. With rejection after discarded resume after hasty retreat from opportunities I’d rather not discuss in polite company—who knew a cleaning service could be a metaphor for a rather more personal position involving dominance, patent leather and telling clients they were very bad boys?—winding out behind me, I’d reached the end of the road for the more interesting and, even, lucrative options and was actually considering signing on at the BDSM dungeon in the big, innocent looking house on the outskirts of Martingale where far more went on than my poor naiveté was accustomed to.
I sat in the front seat of my car, staring at the thin, plastic arm pointing far closer to the E than the F, mentally calculating how much gas it would take me to check out the last two jobs on my list without me running out on the side of the highway.
I grasped the steering wheel, staring out the passenger window into the busy storefront of one of the local cafes. I’d done a little waitressing when I was in college, figured my skills wouldn’t take long to come back.
No shame in being a server for a while. Yes, I fought my pride, I admit it. But it was time I got over myself. A week was lots of time to find something temporary enough to carry me through to the next job. But that was the problem, right? I’d spent my whole life in a transient relationship with money and work.
I didn’t want to be her anymore. So, what was it going to take for me to find that thing that filled me up?
Made me recall sitting on the back steps last night, clutching a bag of treats I’d picked up for that ridiculous orange tomcat, treats I’d bought with some of the last of my money just for him, treats he’d turned up his nose at while rejecting any kind of friendly overture I offered up all week to attempt to lure him to me for some company.
Instead, as I sat there, fist on my chin, scowling after the bobtailed beast who’d disappeared behind the bushes the moment I made a move toward him, I made myself an open target to one of my fathers. Dad slipped out the kitchen door and joined me, sitting next to me with his rolled-up sleeves exposing tanned forearms, elbows on his knees, big hands clasped in front of him.
That was when Dad did the sweetest thing possible. He handed me an envelope, stood up, and left without a word while I choked up and clutched the thin paper, thick in the middle with what I knew could only be cash, wanting to chase after him and give it back, demand he take it, refuse to accept help.
Put the ten one-hundred dollar bills in my wallet with enough guilt reminding me I wasn’t the only person hurting here.
I needed the reminder. I climbed out into the afternoon sunlight, squaring my shoulders, resume in hand, and marched resolutely to the glass door.
I would not take any more money from my fathers. No matter what.
The glass door to the café released coffee-scented air when it opened to my touch, the scent homey and welcoming. I approached the counter, waited my turn, resume in hand. While someone slid in beside me, close enough I turned to see who was in my personal space.
And blinked in surprise at the gorgeous African American woman with the massive, silky spirals, her giant eyes widening as she focused on me. Shining pink gloss made her full lips massive as the split in a smile, perfect white teeth flashing against her dark, flawless skin.
“Petal Morgan,” she said in a sultry voice I recognized far more than I did her face. “What a surprise to run into you.”
“Reggie.” I gulped her name, shocked at the meeting. I hadn’t seen her since high school. Reggie Nolan and I had never really been friends, but we hadn’t been enemies, either. Just passing acquaintances in a sea of hormonal teens ready to move on and do their best not to become their parents.
Her expression flashed to annoyed, though only for a moment as she tsked once, long-nailed hand settling on one hip, smiling softly. “Regina,” she said. “I haven’t been Reggie for a long time.”
Well, fair enough. I shrugged in apology, smiled back, happy to see her though I wasn’t sure why.
She gestured over my shoulder to the girl at the cash. “Two coffees,” she said, arching one perfectly shaped brow at me. “If you have time for a catchup?”
I nodded, spun back in an awkward motion to pay for my drink only to find Reggie, smooth as the silk blouse she wore, already covering the bill. I glanced down at her four-inch heels, remembering she’d always been shorter than me but clearly figured out how to make up for the height difference, her barely five-foot frame boosted by the truly gorgeous shoes I now coveted with the passion of a starving woman at the edge of a buffet.
This was either going to be a good thing that uplifted me or an embarrassing disaster. Please, just once, let it be the former.

***

Chapter Six

I found myself, a moment later, seated at a small table by a window, sunlight streaming over both of us, Reggie’s elegantly crossed legs giving me a full view of those stunning stilettos while we sipped our coffee and she grinned at me.
“What are you doing back in Martingale?” She tapped some sugar into her cup, stirred and tasted it, before repeating the process to her liking. The cream and sugar I’d added to mine was making me jittery. Or maybe that was nerves. “I’d heard you’d run off to Hollywood to be famous like your mother.”
I almost winced, except there was no malice or any sort of attack in Reggie’s comment. She’d always played straight with me, had never gone the mean girl route, so I decided to be honest.
“Didn’t work out,” I said, sitting back with the resume face down on the table.
Reggie’s nose wrinkled while she clucked softly. “I hear you, girl,” she said, waving one hand at me, long nails painted to match her pale pink lips. “I can’t tell you how many crap jobs I had to tolerate before my luck turned around.” She hummed a soft little sound that was all commiseration and actually made me feel better. “Daddy always wanted me to join the family business, but I’m not interested. Decided to go my own way.” She nodded firmly like that was that and he could just forget about it. My extremely selfish brain wondered what her father did and if he’d substitute his daughter’s friend for the real thing while she went on. “I was this close,” she pinched her index finger and thumb together to make her point, “to trading my pride and caving to Daddy’s offer.” She rolled her eyes as if she assumed I understood how horrific that outcome would have been.
“Something came up, I take it?” For all I knew her father’s profession would mean Reggie was relegated to a life of mediocrity and a slowly eaten soul, so I totally understood. So far, so good, especially since she seemed to have come out the other end in great shape. Did that mean hope did exist? Suddenly, I was even happier I ran into her.
Reggie smiled and went on. “You still dancing?” Her change of subject startled me, as did the way she quickly scanned me as though sizing up my potential. For what? A faint frown pulled her brows together as she did, the impression I had just been turned into a possible commodity making me uncomfortable. I didn’t get to answer while Reggie spoke again, nails clicking on the tabletop as she tapped them on the surface. “Doesn’t matter. Besides, it was my thing, not yours.” I remembered her passion for ballet, for all things dance. “So, here I am, dancing in side shows you know aren’t doing much for a girl’s rep as a professional,” she bobbed a nod for emphasis, “when my great-great Uncle Joseph up and kicks it. Can you imagine, he leaves me this old building he’d bought years ago, right on the outskirts of D.C.” She chuckled to herself while I shook my head in wonder. Turned out Rambling Reggie hadn’t changed a bit. “The place hadn’t been renovated since the 20’s, can you believe it?” She sounded delighted, not offended by that fact. “You know I took advantage of all that history.” She beamed at me, fishing into her designer purse that set off my jealous acquisitiveness yet again, handing me a shining black card. I glanced at it as she went on. “Started up my very own burlesque dance hall,” she said, taking the card with Full Reveal Theater written across the silhouette of a voluptuous woman, flipping it over and forcing it back into my hand, tapping the back side with one long nail. “And a gentleman’s club upstairs, for good measure.” The After Hours Club. “I’ve been open two years and already paid off the renovations and I’m turning a profit.”
I smiled, finding I was actually happy for her. “Good for you, Reggie,” I said. “Sorry, Regina.”
She beamed as she sat back, expensive high heel bobbing. “Listen to me, chattering on like this and not giving you a chance to say a word.” So she had changed. The old Reggie hadn’t seemed self-aware of the fact she was a chatterbox. “What about you, Petal? What are you up to?”
Dread settled around me, triggered by those two innocent questions loaded with guilt and lack. Only one thing to do.
Deflect. “My fathers are living here again,” I blurted to cover up my anxious embarrassment. “Dad’s teaching at Quantico and Pops is at the college.”
“Nice to be able to move close to family,” she said. “Though sometimes I think leaving D.C. would be a good idea. Daddy’s always in my business, you know?” Did I. “Mom’s back in Chicago.” She showed her sadness suddenly, as though it appeared when she thought about her mother’s absence. I knew the feeling. “Though my Aunt Pearl is in D.C., so I have someone of a maternal nature.” She blanched briefly, reaching out to touch my hand. “I’m sorry,” she said, clearly contrite and embarrassed by her casual conversation. “I keep forgetting about your mother.”
Nice of her to mention it, but I honestly hadn’t had a negative reaction and shook my head in response. “You’re allowed to love your mom,” I said. “And your aunt. I make do with two dads. It’s just life.”
She smiled again, sitting back and sipping her coffee before rambling on while I hoped she’d change the subject. “You and Rafe still together?”
Okay, so changing the subject wasn’t exactly turning out the way I’d hoped. “Not for years now,” I said, knowing I finally sounded sad myself, hating my jaw clenched against the old hurt of walking away from the man I loved, our short-lived marriage at twenty-one barely a memory. I purposely blocked as many thoughts of Raphael Van Dorn as possible. It was only naturally, I guess, that Reggie ask.
She flinched and leaned forward, grasping one of my hands yet again with an apologetic expression on her face.
“I’m sorry, girl,” she said. “I keep putting my foot in it for some reason.” She sagged in her seat, leaning away, staring into her cup. “I know better than to ask stuff like that. I’ve had my own share of boys cycle in and out.” She shook her head, sighed. “It’s just, you and Rafe, well. Everyone thought you two were forever. Though, who knows in high school what forever really means?” She tsked again, looking out the window. “Didn’t he join the Marines or something?”
I nodded, throat and mouth dry but able to respond and proud of myself for that fact. “He finished the training,” I said, “but he was recruited before he deployed. Private security firm.” It had been part of what drove us apart, oddly. Instead of leaving me to serve our country, he’d taken a job that would keep him home. Why had I held that against him again?
“That Raphael Van Dorn,” Reggie said, winking despite the sadness in her eyes. “I bet he’s still as handsome as ever. Either that, or he’s bald and gone to pot.” Her rich laugh made me grin, though I knew better.
Rafe wasn’t named after an archangel for nothing. The man was, and would always be, muscular, blond, blue-eyed heaven-sent and meant for no mortal woman.
I stared down into my cooling coffee, seeing his face though I hadn’t actually seen him in a few years. “Somethings just weren’t meant to be.”
Reggie patted my hand as her phone began to ring. She checked it, muttering something under her breath, suddenly on the move, surging to her feet, her slim but voluptuous body aquiver with energy I remembered all too well. She’d never been one to sit still for long. She did pause, however, to set one hand on my shoulder.
“It was nice to see you, Petal,” she said, so genuine it made my eyes sting with lurking tears. “I hate to run, but…” She scowled to herself, shook her head, then beamed another smile. “Come to the club tonight, you hear? I’ll have a ticket for the show for you at the box office.” She tucked her phone in her purse, about to rush off before I could deny the offer. “See you then!”
I waved as she strode away, those high heels carrying her short frame faster than I could have walked, while I sat back in my chair and stared out the window myself, lost in thought. Suddenly filled with hope.
Reggie found her thing. That meant I could, too, right? Maybe this meeting with her was a sign from the Universe, or something. That I shouldn’t give up on me, on what made me happy. I just had to figure out what that was.
No small task. But with my old acquaintance’s enthusiasm for her life fueling mine in a renewed desire for happy, I left the coffee shop, resume forgotten, and headed for home and some research into what made Petal Morgan tick.

***

Chapter Seven

8:15PM came faster than I expected, while my deep dive into trying to figure out what I really wanted ended in an empty bag of chips, a long-lost sleeve of cookies and more confusion and second-guessing than ever.
How was one to know what one wanted when one had no idea where to start looking? Aside from perusing long lists of jobs—yes, the Internet was an unhelpful fount of lists of things that I was pretty sure wouldn’t fit the bill—and pondering each with dimming enthusiasm, I’d gotten no further than I’d been this afternoon.
I simply had no idea what I was good at. And that, I have to say, was just a teensy bit depressing.
When I looked up from my laptop, hating the despair of doubt, my gaze fell on Reggie’s card on the top of the cardboard box I’d been using as a coffee table.
In a flash of inspiration, I made a decision. Get thee out into the world and have a drink and maybe dance and have a little fun, for pity’s sake.
Despite the fact I’d showered in the morning, I did a much more thorough job of things, even shaving parts I’d neglected far too long—shudder—and plucking other areas that had begun to get rather bushy. I stopped at painting my toenails, choosing closed-toed shoes instead, and, on impulse, dug into one of the boxes of my clothes and surfaced, panting and rather red-faced from the effort, with my favorite 20sesque black flapper dress I’d bought on impulse at a second-hand store.
My experimental hip-shimmy told me I could, at least, still carry a beat if I so chose and though my toes felt decidedly pinched in the heels I’d selected, I loved those shoes and felt powerful in them. Some simple jewelry and one of the bills Dad gave me tucked into my sequin purse—forgive me, Father, for I’m about to drink some of the money you lent me—I climbed into my car and headed for the city.
Part of the Benjamin went to some gas for my wheels so I wasn’t stranded on my way to D.C.. I hadn’t been out in an age and who knew? Maybe meeting Reggie had been a sign.
The club was easy enough to find, theater front flashing with bulbs lighting the marquee with old-fashioned enthusiasm, though tasteful and rather invitingly exciting if I was going to be truthful. The girl at the kiosk, adorably dressed in what looked like some kind of page girl outfit straight out of prohibition handed me a ticket, Reggie true to her word, though when I was allowed through past the looming bouncer who gave me the once-over, I realized I was very late. Had just enough time to get a quick look around the small theater, mostly standing room only, reminiscent of flappers and rum runners and full bands playing to appreciative audiences. Instead of such a spectacle, however, I ordered a drink and scooted to the very edge of the bar to watch the last act before intermission. Tucked against the antique wood beside a trio of drunk and giggling women, one of whom hosted a white crown and sash identifying her as a soon-to-be bride, I wriggled my head this way and that to get a clear view between taller people ahead of me. The cynical me would have mentally torn Soon To Be Mrs. Happily Ever After into tiny little jealous pieces if it weren’t for the entertainment of another sort unfolding on the stage. Lucky for her, I was instantly captivated by what I saw.
The gold-clad brunette with the full-length gloves hanging from the shining ring lit with a spot in the middle of the dark stage stood inside the hoop before shedding her dress down to a pair of tasseled pasties and a string of a thing that barely covered her other private bits. But it wasn’t her attire that caught my attention. It was her dance, the sultry, slow movements, the clever lighting that sparkled with her torso’s undulations, the funny lyrics of the song she gyrated to that invited men to look but never, ever touch.
By the time she’d flung herself over the hoop with her long, dark hair cascading in a wave, curtain falling the moment the scene fell dark to thunderous applause, I was very happy I’d decided to take Reggie up on her offer.
This was fun. And, as I sipped my drink and did my best to stay out of the way of the patrons rushing the bar for refills, I found myself pondering. Maybe I wasn’t thinking far enough outside my own box? I caught a half-snort, half-choking laugh at the thought of Dad and Pops, both of them staring with their mouths hanging open, as I told them I was going to be a burlesque dancer. Not that I was. Sure, it looked like a great time, but I wasn’t so sure I had the courage for it. Still, it gave me the impetus to consider, finally, I’d been barking up trees reluctant to share the seeds of their success, instead settling for what was normal, ordinary, expected. Sure, I’d tried acting, if you want to call it that. One indie film and I was done with bossy, arrogant asshats who thought Annette Morgan’s daughter should be a better actress. Everything else I’d tried? Safe, inside the lines, four sides, a bottom and a lid.
I suddenly wanted more than anything to talk to Reggie again, to ask her what she thought I should do. Weird, but motivating and, without thinking further about it, I exited the theater, heading around the side of the building when guided by the kiosk girl to the entrance to After Hours.
I heard the argument before I encountered it, pausing with a vague sense of dread while the same bulky, towering bouncer who’d given me the stink eye earlier loomed over the smaller, slim man in the impeccable suit, looking so far from intimidated by the giant African American muscle boy I almost squeaked at him to be careful.
The second bouncer lurked nearby, not quite as massive as his counterpart, though still an impressive slab of humanity tucked into a dress jacket and jeans. A prospective patron, clearly friends with the one I anticipated would soon be a smear on the sidewalk, half reached out toward his confident companion with his own expression one of concern.
“Carson,” he said, glancing my way, apologetic smile making his middle-aged face handsome, though he was clearly not happy with the situation. “We can go elsewhere.”
“Just get Gary,” the one he’d called Carson snapped, arms crossing over his chest while the bulky bouncer before him shook his head. “I’ll have your job. Trust me, my business is much more important than your replaceable self.”
“Luke.” Someone appeared at the door, a slim and tense looking man in a dark suit, brown hair hanging over narrowed eyes, hands shaking a little as he gestured for the two men to join him. “Enough. Mr. Carrigan and Mr. Jeremiah are always welcome. Please, Carson, Daniel, come inside.” He stepped out into the alley so the two men could go ahead of him while the bouncer glowered after them, the second man, Daniel, shrugging in apology though he followed Carson upstairs. As soon as they were gone past the door, the third man spun on the bouncer with a snarl. “I’ve had enough,” he said. “Try that again and you’re fired.”
“Yes sir, Mr. Harris,” the other bouncer quickly said, joining his friend, one hand on Luke’s arm. “You won’t get any more trouble from Luke, will he?” It was clear he was trying to save his buddy and, after a long moment, Luke nodded.
Gary seemed to take that better than I thought he would, nodding in return. “See to it that you do your job, nothing more.” He brushed past both of them and up the steps, leaving the pair of hulking men to face off.
Luke noticed me before their conversation could go any further, however, and he gestured for me to approach. “New girl?”
I hesitated, head tilting at the question. “I’m here to see Reggie.”
Luke stepped aside, gesturing at the door. “You’re late.”
Okay then.
Not certain what I just witnessed and a little freaked out by the whole situation, I didn’t comment, instead climbing the dark staircase in a hurry, wondering if this was a good idea after all.

***

Chapter Eight

Second thoughts, who, me? I lingered at the main door, the stairway climb behind me, feeling of walking into an old speakeasy though higher end and rather lavish making my dress a good match for the décor, at least. Still, I hadn’t been much for going out the last few years, my money and effort poured into trying to get small businesses off the ground and drinking away my sorrows in much cheaper environs surrounded by other millennials in the same position as me. After Hours, on the other hand, had that lush sense of old money to it, as though at any given moment a prince or some royalty of the entertainment field might hold court here and not for a moment look out of place. The crown moldings on the towering ceilings were as intricate as the scrollwork gracing the edges of the long, wide bar, dark paneled walls covered in oil paintings reminiscent of old-world museums. I inhaled the scent of history and expensive alcohol, of real wood floors and aged, oxblood leather and velvet, noting the bench seats of the booths looked not so much worn as they did flavored by time and character. Reggie hadn’t been kidding about taking full advantage of what she’d uncovered in this building she’d inherited. It seemed to me she’d lucked into a space that hadn’t changed much since its creation and seized brilliantly on that fact. If I was going to be totally honest, the place could have come across as shabby, tired, outdated past the possibilities of historical significance. But instead the charming and mysterious air of the space, enhanced by the full orchestral music rather than the typical pop or rock fare I was accustomed to, drew me fully into the illusion of the past and I found myself feeling out of place in a room so chic.
Kudos to her for landing such a sweet opportunity. More hope maybe my own fate wasn’t sealed in destitution and endless defeat? I’d take it.
Someone bumped me from behind, nudging me further inside, a couple laughing and chatting as they stepped past me to make their way to the bar. Just like that I was a part of history, my heels clicking on the wood floor, my heart fluttering over the shimmering crystal chandeliers that cast dim but prismed light over the well-dressed and theme appropriate crowd. Turned out I wasn’t the only one who’d put some thought into her outfit and the décor, my acquisitive inner princess adoring the gorgeous flapper dresses, the old suits some of the men chose, strings of pearls I was sure were real, hand knotted and spun in seemingly endless loops around slim, white necks adding to the fauxmilliar feel of being lost in an era that really wasn’t as glamorous as Hollywood told us, but that Reggie made sure to play up as fully as possible.
I paused by the bar, hand settling on the solid black marble top as I exhaled finally, smiling to myself. I was glad I came, really glad, even just to witness something like this. I loved make-believe, still lingered at times over pursuing acting again, though the truth of the business always sent me scrambling for escape.
Maybe that was my ultimate issue. With each attempt at something new, I fell in love with the idea of the job, the business, the opportunity, not the actual hard reality of what I’d have to do to make things work out. Was that laziness or innocence or just a lack of gumption and follow through? What would it take for me to commit to something that I loved enough even the boring, mind-numbing and soul-devouring stuff attached to it was worth it?
On the other hand, I could always pursue a career based on what I just realized. So, anyone out there looking for someone to live in a fantasy land where everything went the way it was supposed to and nothing bad happened and work was fun, challenging and a delight at all times? A job that meant if I got bored doing one thing I could just do another thing until that got boring and try something else, all while collecting a large paycheck and living the life of my dreams?
No? Oh well. Just thought I’d ask.
I will admit, the thought did cross my mind that Reggie’s place would be a great spot to work, if the chance came up. Sure, I hadn’t actually served in a bar before, but the atmosphere appealed to me so much I couldn’t stop smiling. Yup, fantasy land job description it was. Not that I believed, while I shuffled sideways to allow another couple to lean into the bar, that this was my kind of place. I really was more suited to dive bars with pool tables where I could drink beer and hide from my misery.
Still. I might not really fit in here, but wow, I was going to try, at least for tonight.
“New girl?” I turned at the sound of a deep and rather annoyed voice, the tall, handsome man behind the bar leaning toward me. He looked the part he played, longish dark hair swept back in a slicked do in keeping with the theme of the venue, white button up bisected with suspenders and those arm band things men used to wear on their biceps. He would have been rather handsome if it wasn’t for the scowl on his face, the way that expression tightened the skin around his dark eyes and accentuated not only the lines at the corners but the deeper ones tugging his lips into an upside down arc.
Wait, what was he asking? Hadn’t the bouncer called me that? There was clearly some misunderstanding and I opened my mouth to let him know he was mistaken just as he shoved a tray toward me, three drinks in short glasses rattling with ice.
“Table nine,” he said, snapping his fingers at me, staring at my purse in my hand. I didn’t move, even while he impatiently motioned for me to hand my goods over, his expression darkening as he finally nodded toward one of the booths near the back of the room. “You’re late and I’m slammed. I can keep your purse behind the bar but if you’re going to stand there and not do your job you’re out of here. Got it?”
I spluttered, shook my head. Didn’t get to argue now that he’d confirmed the concern I’d only raised to myself a moment earlier.
“Now,” he snapped. “Or you’re done before you start.”
How did I find myself handing over my sequined clutch in exchange for a drink tray? He didn’t pause to see if I was going to follow through on his instructions, instead turning immediately upon stashing my private effects under the bar and stalking down the length of it to the couple who’d ensured my fate by forcing my entry.
I could easily have snorted, given him the finger and walked away. After all, I didn’t work here, was a friend of the owner, so there, asshat. Except, partially out of that sort of good-girl training most women I knew lived by—be nice and everything will be fine—and partly from a why the hell not attitude, I only lived once, I hefted the tray and headed for table nine, adding a bit of a sashay in my hips as I went. I might not have been a real waitress, but I did love to play a good role and this was actually sort of fun.
I’d laugh over it with Reggie later. For now, I was back in the roaring 20s, working an illegal bar while the Great Depression loomed over the American Dream and music and having fun was all that mattered.
It wasn’t until I was almost to the table I realized two of the men I approached were the same ones I’d witnessed arguing with the bouncer. The one he’d called Carson had a big grin on his face, slumped back against the dark red velvet, his tie askew, expensive suit jacket undone showing off a sparkling diamond tie clip and rather fit physique. Again, he would have been attractive with his short, dark hair and piercing green eyes, now turned toward me as I stopped at the table, except for the decidedly slimy smile he gave me and the way those eyes roved over me like they had the right.
Had his measure, you bet. Met enough men like him over the years I instantly scratched him off any list remotely resembling handsome and filed him under Mayor of Yucktown.
I handed him a drink, no idea if it was the right one or not, turning and depositing the second in front of his friend. At least he seemed nice enough. Daniel, right? He nodded to me, tried a little smile, though he looked uncomfortable and unhappy.
“Can I get you anything else?” Who was the third drink for and why was it I was asking them that ridiculous question? I’d let this fantasy of mine go on long enough. Time to find Reggie and have a drink myself, not serve them.
Before they could answer, raised voices caught our attention. I turned, spotted the woman of the hour herself in a confrontation with Gary. While it was impossible to make out their specific words, the fight was heated enough, if settling into hissing after the brief outburst from her that captured my focus in the first place. Before I could interrupt or catch her attention, she spun off and marched to the far end of the room, disappearing behind an elaborate door upholstered in leather, slamming it shut behind her. The music and chatter hid the sound but I knew a good door slam when I saw it.
My attention distracted by her exit, I only noticed Gary joined us, helping himself to the third drink on my tray, when he was sitting himself next to Daniel.
“Your wife doesn’t seem to like me,” Carson laughed.
“My wife needs to learn business is business.” Gary’s fake smile made my stomach turn. Wait, he was married to Reggie? Okay, again with the almost handsome, except. Yeah, what was with the men in this bar? All smarm, all the time.
Speaking of which. I’d just decided to dump the tray and go find Reggie, really over this little act of mine, when Carson winked at me and gently but firmly patted me somewhere his hand was never granted permission to be.

***

Chapter Nine

There were times when such unasked for attention might have lured out the raging lunatic in me, driving me to firmly plant my fist in the face of the perpetrator or, at the very least, shriek my protest in banshee-fashion at the top of my lungs while threatening a lawsuit, certain death and a long and spiraling journey down to the netherworld where men like him belonged.
I’d been impetuous as a teen, mouthy as a twenty-something. But now, approaching thirty with a finality that told me I’d officially lost my edge, I had an entirely different reaction to his hot little paw on my posterior.
I laughed. Out loud. Choked on it, actually, not out of real amusement, by any means, but the sheer chutzpah it took to reach out and manhandle a woman in this day and age without expecting consequences.
It was clear my laughter startled him, not the reaction he’d been expecting, obviously, because his offending touch fell away and a rather hurt little-boy expression crossed his face. I could easily have let this blow up into a giant mess that would likely have had me expelled from the club, Reggie or no Reggie. Instead, my instinctive choice to treat his attention with the ridiculous response it deserved ensured not only did I win, but he knew it.
Hated me for it.
Sucked to be him.
Gary waved me off but I was already leaving the table, tray in one hand, though I’d debated just leaving it behind and walking out. Thing was, as I turned and strode away, triumphant, I felt a hand settle on my arm and a tall, stunning brunette—hey, I knew her, didn’t I?—steered me quickly toward the bar.
“He’s such a creep.” She eyerolled, her long, fake lashes brushing against her cheekbones as she batted them at me, crystal blue eyes wide and sparkling. I did know her. She was the dancer, the one I’d seen downstairs, the hoop and the tassels and the spotlight. “Sorry you had to go through that, but good handle. You’ll do well here.” She stopped me at the bar, smiling brightly at the bartender. “New girl’s going to work out.” She winked at me, full lips deep red, gold dress shimmering as she set her own tray on the bar. “You taking a dance slot, too? The show’s super fun, but the money’s in the bar.”
I fish lipped, not sure what to say, and ended up stuttering appreciation for her talent.
She waved that off with a giggle. “I’m Everly Hunt,” she said, “and if you need anything, you let me know.” Her tray had been reloaded with her order and she tossed her long, dark hair at the bartender before shimmying off to deliver.
Surreal. This was just surreal and I was in some kind of alternate universe. Because I had a new load of drinks to deliver, and the bartender was glaring at me like he didn’t believe Everly’s assessment of my ability to stay the course.
Okay, so I did deliver the next set of drinks, this time purely out of the need to escape his judging gaze, though to my credit when I handed off to the lovely foursome at the far end of the room, their happy and tipsy excitement wearing off so I at least managed to smile, the twenty dollar bill one of the men dropped on my tray with a, “for you, beautiful,” actually made me grin for real.
I debated pocketing the tip, knowing I wasn’t actually working here but I’d delivered their drinks, hadn’t I?
Time to find Reggie and sort myself out. I was the one who was supposed to be drinking and doing so sounded really good about now. As I spun back, the tray now dangling from one hand while I looked for a place to dump it, I spotted Reggie approaching with a huge grin on her face. She caught my elbow, steering me toward the far end of the room and that padded door I’d seen her slam, tucking me behind it and closing it firmly before she burst into laughter.
“I heard the new girl was late and had attitude,” she said, dark eyes glittering with good humor, voluptuous body gorgeous in the shining sequined silver dress she’d been poured into. “Imagine my surprise when I realized the new girl was you.” More laughter. “Then again, you always had attitude, so I suppose I really shouldn’t be shocked.”
I shot her a rueful smile, offering up the tray which she took and tossed aside in a leather wingback. This had to be her office, dark and quiet despite the music on the other side of the padded door, the carpet slippery under my heels, giant wood desk reminding me of Dad’s at home. Towering windows overlooked the street below, dark green paneled walls covered in old records framed like posters and artwork that made me stop and stare.
“Sorry about that,” I said. “Your bartender made an assumption and I figured I’d help out.”
Reggie sank to the black leather settee, patting the seat next to her and I joined her while she poured us a pair of glasses, champagne bottle slick with condensation. I took the tall flute of bubbly, nose twitching, drooling in anticipation and not disappointed by the delicious spark of alcohol on my tongue.
“Aiden Pritch is a good general manager and a great bartender, but he’s not much of a people person when it comes to staff.” She shrugged, sipping her own drink, patting my knee with her free hand. “Did you love the show?” Reggie was practically gushing and I made a massive leap of understanding in that moment. She was proud of her place, proud to show it off to someone she used to know. And you know what? She’d earned a heaping helping of praise for what she’d done.
“I loved it,” I gushed, not having to fake it at all. “Did you used to dance burlesque? I only remember you doing ballet.” She’d been as passionate about it as any prima ballerina, though I’d lost touch with her and never found out if her dream to dance on Broadway or in some ballet company had come true.
Reggie wrinkled that delicate button nose of hers. “I had to make my own way,” she said, eyebrows arching, leaving me to fill in the blanks. “Stumbled on burlesque and loved it.” Now she was on fire again, leaning toward me. “There’s no theater in this area of the city and After Hours seemed a perfect addition, what with the existing décor. This place.” She looked around her office with a deep and satisfied sigh I envied instantly. Yes, she’d found her thing. Please, please, let me find mine. “This place, Petal.”
Girls, forget relationships. Find a job that makes you look around your office space the way Reggie looked at hers.
The phone rang, Reggie rising to answer it while I helped myself to more bubbly, sighing myself, but for a different reason. My friend—yes, I considered her that now, thanks—frowned down at her phone but didn’t answer, rejoining me and tossing it to the coffee table in front of us. Just before whoever it was hung up I caught the familiar IRS identifier and glanced at her in curiosity. I’d had my own share of contact with the federal government over tax issues—it turned out I was supposed to pay them every year, imagine—so I could commiserate.
Except, apparently I had no idea.
“Ridiculous,” she said, shook her head, corkscrew curls shining in their bouncing perfection. I wouldn’t have wanted to be the focus of the scowl that crossed her face, though. Gorgeous and glamorous or not, Reggie had a temper and from what I remembered she could hold a grudge like a boss. “They think I’m laundering money through After Hours. How stupid do they think I am?”
She clearly didn’t have many boundaries when it came to privacy, so I went for it. “I’m sorry to hear that,” I said. “I’m sure it will get sorted out. Why do they think that?”
Reggie shrugged, retrieving her glass and taking a healthy swig before answering. “Girl, I wish I knew. If anything, money’s going missing from this place, not circulating through it. Trust me, I’d know.”
I had no doubt she had a firm hand on her finances. “That sucks, too.”
She nodded slowly, jaw jumping a little, staring down into the last of the bubbles in her glass. “Never hire staff,” she said. “I know they are skimming but I can’t seem to figure out how or what’s been stolen.” She patted my knee again, sighing, while I thought with a guilty twinge about the twenty I’d kept despite the fact it was a tip. “Gary says it’s fine, he’s looking into it, but I’m positive I’m bleeding revenue and I just can’t seem to sort out where it’s going.”
Um, Petal? Keep your mouth shut. Because the words that wanted to emerge would implicate her husband since he was the easiest suspect, right? Either she trusted him implicitly and this was none of my business or she was blinded by love and this was none of my business.
“I’m sorry, Petal,” Reggie said then, topping us up. “This was supposed to be a chance to catch up, have a little fun. Not dump my problems on you.”
“I don’t mind listening,” I said. “You’re saving me from a night at home binging a TV show that depressed me and eating more junk food when I’d much rather be following your lead and doing something that makes me happy.” I looked around her office with a soft smile of gratitude. “You have no idea how much better I feel just being here, surrounded by what you’ve made. I just wish I could help you figure things out.”
Reggie clinked glasses with me. “You could find out who’s stealing from me and why the IRS is calling,” she said. Paused. Grinned. “Wait, didn’t you say you were looking for a job?”
I gaped at her, not sure what to say. “Yes?” Because I was, right?
Reggie giggled then, bouncing a little on the leather cushion. “Girl, how fabulous is this? The staff already think you’re the new girl. And that father of yours, the one who works for the FBI?” She poked me with one long fingernail. “You got his investigation instincts or what?”
She was nuts. What did I know about solving crimes? Then again, how hard could it be to find out who was stealing from her? Staff talked. Might be fun, right?
“Tell you what,” she said, leaning in with her intensity growing by the moment. “You find who’s stealing and I’ll give you five percent of what they took, flat fee. And you keep your tips.”
Five percent. How much had she lost?
“Oh,” she snorted, “and if you figure out the IRS thing? You’ll get a bonus.” Reggie offered her glass, eyebrows arching in what I was starting to think was her favorite expression. “Deal?”
This was insane and I had to run away and go home and change into pajamas, pop open a fresh bag of chips, cuddle down with some gushy romance or an action/adventure to distract me from tonight.
Yup. That was exactly what I needed to do. That’s why I found myself clinking her glass in response, grinning back. “Deal.”

***

Chapter Ten

Remember that question I posed not so long ago about how hard could it be to solve Reggie’s problems and make myself some money while hopefully having a bit of fun and even enjoying the experience like I did her champagne?
Turned out serving at a busy club while being crowded by drunk patrons, hit on almost continually all while lugging an ever-increasingly heavy tray around without spilling drinks on said patrons or myself as my feet began an increasingly agonizing campaign to make me suffer a slow and painful demise was a lot harder than I’d thought.
That waitressing experience I had? Yeah, slinging coffee in a small shop while spending most of my time reading or surfing on my phone wasn’t really cutting it. Prepared me not even a little for the hustle I went through the rest of the night. My only saving grace and the part that kept me leaping to the call of Aiden’s continual stream of drink orders was, you guessed it, the money.
I mean, the tips alone would pay off my loans in less than a year, I was sure of it. No one seemed to part with less than a twenty at every turn, the crinkle of bills tucked into my bodice (where, I observed, the other girls kept theirs and seemed a logical place since I was pocketless and purseless with no other venue for the containment of all that cash) giving me a rather lumpy bust line but driving me onward despite my sore feet, bitter resentment toward men and desire to whip the tray at Aiden’s neck at my first opportunity.
I swear, if that man didn’t stop snapping his fingers at me I was going to lose it.
Telling myself it was worth it and almost over as I caught the 1AM turnover on the clock behind the bar, I joined Everly and two other dancers, whose names I hadn’t yet learned and, from their sour expressions at my company, likely wouldn’t be offered anytime soon, where Aiden proceeded to tell us what we were doing wrong in that annoying voice of his.
“I want more hustle,” he snapped, loading down the blonde with the massive chest before spinning on Everly. “You’re supposed to be performers, not common waitresses. Act like it.” She bobbed a nod with a wide smile and hurried away. His attention switched to the third girl, her pouting lower lip making him snarl. “Stop begging for tips. And no extras. This isn’t a brothel.” She stuck her tongue out at him before flouncing off with her full tray. Aiden’s sour expression when he reached me, I told myself, wasn’t really about me in any way but just his default setting. “New girl,” he snapped, “if you move any slower I’ll need two of you to fill orders. Now hustle!”
I was not going to ruin my chance to do a good turn for Reggie—or give up my tips—just to tell him where he could shove his bossy bullying. I’d agreed to this, to my amazement still, so I simply turned away and hit the floor yet again, shocked to find the club was even busier now after midnight than it had been.
At least the tight quarters made it harder for patrons to be so free with their hands. I was able to twist and dodge free of unwelcome advances, putting on speed not for Aiden’s benefit but to avoid lingering in inopportune situations. Turned out it served me well on two fronts. Not only did my new manager stop grousing over my speed, I avoided the bulk of dancing fingers looking for somewhere soft to pinch.
I felt like I was just getting the hang of things, even throwing out a saucy bit of backtalk here and there, a rush of rather uncommon adrenaline fed by excitement racing through me. No, I wasn’t planning on making a career out of serving, but this kind of fast pace really got me going and had me thinking, in the few and far between spare moments I had that night, about just what it was I was meant to be doing.
Whatever my career path, it would involve something that felt like this.
“New girl.” Gary stopped me by grabbing my arm, tugging me off my trajectory and steering me toward a hallway in the back of the club. I’d noted the exit, though I hadn’t had time to investigate, only realizing when he practically shoved me through the door and into a darkly carpeted hallway lined with doors, a flickering and buzzing EXIT sign on the far end denoting escape was possible if I chose that route, there was more to this place than the main bar. “I need you to serve in one of the private rooms. Can you handle that?”
Why was he asking if he doubted? And what exactly was I getting myself into agreeing like I did, bobbing a nod even though my intuition screamed at me to ask questions before just leaping into situations I had no control over?
Right, because restraint was something I’d cultivated in my twenty-eight years on the planet.
He didn’t come with me, instead pointing down the hall. “Room B,” he said. “Hurry up.” Gary spun and left me to scowl after him like it would make a difference before I shifted from the intensity of the main bar to the sudden quiet of the hall. I really shouldn’t have felt nervous heading for the door with the large gold B on it, right? This was Reggie’s place and I trusted her. Surely nothing bad could happen to me back here, in private with some random men who wanted a server all to themselves.
Pops was a black belt in aikido. And while I hadn’t gone that far? I could handle myself. He made sure of that.
Reminding myself of my self-defense training made me feel more comfortable and, as I reached for the door handle, I squared my shoulders and slipped into my favorite persona. Petal Morgan, self-confident powerhouse of awesomeness. Approach or piss off at your own peril.
Turns out I wasn’t the only one who could hand over a solid wall of attitude. I entered the room to the sound of arguing, pausing with trepidation now, confidence slip sliding out the door behind me while I watched Reggie scowl at Carson who was hiss whispering something at her that made her eyes narrow to slits so thin I wasn’t sure she could see him.
“I don’t care what Gary told you,” she said in response, one hand chopping through the air for emphasis, those sharp manicured nails coming within an inch of his tie, “this is my club and I say what goes on here.”
Carson’s smirk made me want to punch him, just for kicks. “We both know who the real boss is, Reg,” he said. “So back off and let me do my thing and you’ll keep making the kind of money you’ve become accustomed to.”
Wait, what did that mean? I hated to consider Reggie might be into something seedy and underhanded, but it certainly sounded like things leaned that way. I almost spoke up, realizing neither of them knew I’d entered the room, but Reggie was already all over Carson’s suggestion.
“We’ll just see about that.” She actually poked him in the chest, up on the toes of her heels, her barely five feet no match physically for her at least one foot height deficit, but her presence that kind of grounded and unmistakable, unshakable presence that made people stop and take notice. He did as she went on. “I run a clean place, Carson. If I find out you’re involved in anything illegal, I won’t just kick you out. I’ll call the police.”
Ah, big relief there. I misunderstood, it seemed, and thankfully.
Leave it to Gary to choose that moment to hustle inside, passing me as if he, too, had forgotten I was there, face anxious. He hurried to Reggie, though it seemed less to me like he was trying to placate her and more that he seemed terrified something happened between them he’d missed. Something important that maybe he didn’t want his wife to know about?
Petal. Stop creating scenarios that made your new/old friend seem like a criminal and her husband untrustworthy.
Maybe I was destined to be a writer or in TV. I certainly had enough experience watching and more than enough making up stupid suppositions about people. Sounded like the perfect job for me.
“Ms. Nolan.” Luke appeared at the door, yet another person who ignored me, his towering bulk looming next to me, gaze locked on Carson. “You want me to throw him out now?”
Reggie waved the bouncer off, tsking in annoyance, looking back and forth between Carson and her husband before she tossed her hands and hustled for the door, silver fabric hissing.
“I meant every word,” she said, pausing at the exit. “Keep it clean, gentlemen. This is my place of business and I won’t lose it through accessory after the fact.”
She was gone without seeing me. Man, I was really starting to feel invisible, even more so when Gary guided Carson past Luke, the bouncer following them, Gary apologizing profusely and offering free drinks until I was alone in the room.
So much for serving a private client. I guess he forgot about me. Which made me grumble under my breath, since the past five minutes had cost me tips.
I was halfway down the hall, the annoying buzzing of the EXIT sign counterpoint to my footfalls, heading back toward the bar when I barked a laugh, realizing maybe I was meant to be a server after all.

***

Chapter Eleven

3AM. How was it possibly 3AM? I barely remembered the drive home, walking barefoot from my car to the back steps to my apartment, sneaking around so I didn’t wake my fathers, wondering why my aching feet were now cold and wet as dew from the flagstones sank in and actually soothed the pain. I sat down on the damp wood as I dug in my purse for my keys, unable and unwilling to support my full weight on my poor abused tootsies any longer.
What was I thinking? Throwing myself headfirst into a job I had never really done before—never done before, not like this—and agreeing to uncover a conspiracy/theft ring/possibly paranoia driven and unfounded suspicion while a woman I barely knew in high school was being investigated herself for possible money laundering? Not exactly the smartest thing I’d ever done.
Wait. I’d done worse things. So this wasn’t all that shocking, not really.
Something moved at the bottom of the stairs. The giant orange tabby paused and looked up at me, even seemed curious for once. I held my breath and my position, though a terrible itch began at the side of my nose. But I refused to satisfy it, keeping as still as possible while the tomcat took a step toward me, sniffing the air.
Didn’t take him long to retreat. I sighed out my disappointment he’d moved on when he disappeared behind the garbage cans, but it seemed I was growing on him, maybe.
Fine, cat. If he could be resilient, so could I. Finally free to do so, when I reached up to scratch my nose, my arm rustled across my bra, the flutter of bills still tucked firmly within making me pause. Gave me enough energy to drag myself to my feet, wavering on toes now set on fire and complaining heavily while I staggered to my bed and collapsed there, digging bills out of my dress and tossing them on the covers until I came up empty at last.
Five minutes later, said money smoothed out and stacked, counted and piled neatly before me, I could only stare in shock at my shaking hands. A thousand dollars. I’d pulled in a thousand dollars in tips in one night.
What was this magical job I’d stumbled across and did I dare not keep at it?
I was fairly certain this kind of funding wasn’t typical of waitressing jobs. I’d had more than enough friends work tables who complained about bad tips, terrible wages and working conditions and terrible experiences to realize I’d stumbled across a gold mine. Clearly the patrons of the After Hours Club weren’t your typical going out on the towners. Whatever she was doing to attract the upper class, Reggie was doing it right.
And I’d cashed in, at least so far. Made me wonder if finding the supposed thief or her answers about the IRS was worth my while. Then again, if this was the kind of money her staff made, what would the five percent and bonus—and bonus!—she offered me end up looking like?
I was far too tired and elated and weepy and stretched thin to think about it. Without even washing my face, changing my clothes or, to be honest, turning out the lights I collapsed into my pillow and passed out.
***
The closet is dark and quiet, safe. I’m safe as long as I’m in here.
On the other side of the door, my mother screams.
***
I blinked into the bright sunlight of morning, groaning that it had the temerity to be so bloody positive and sparkling this freaking early. Not even the recurring nightmare that usually jerked me awake in a cold sweat had much of an effect, the three times it popped up ending in me simply rolling over and going back to the good part.
I guess enough years reliving Mom’s murder made it rather mediocre.
Except it wasn’t. Early, that was, the clock reading 12:43PM.
Whoops. I hauled myself out of bed, disturbing my stack of bills, the spendable kind for once, not the PAST DUE type I was accustomed to. I paused to stare down at them like I had no idea where they’d come from and last night had been a weird and psychedelic dream even more so than the closet nightmare that haunted me for twenty years.
Except it hadn’t.
Dear god, save me from myself.
A shower felt great and, while I scrubbed and conditioned and rinsed, I made a decision. Not the run away screaming decision I’d planned on. Nor the call to Reggie to apologize to her for saying yes to something I really wasn’t qualified for. Instead, I dressed, and nicely in a skirt even, flats (because my feet said, girl. No.). Put on makeup and flat ironed my hair. Lip gloss, earrings and I was ready for stage two of my new job. For as long as this lasted, I was going to give it my all and if that meant hustling for the rich and touchy while doing my best to help Reggie, well.
I guess that was what I was going to do.
Why was I so excited to jump in my car and drive back to the club? Surely I’d lost my mind, though as I approached the side door that led to After Hours and my friend’s office, I understood. No cubicle in sight, not a breath of a call center or watercooler or even a sniff of organization and retirement plans. As I parked and strode with renewed confidence toward the door, I felt that same rush of adrenaline hit me that sustained me last night.
I might have sucked at the kind of success others found praiseworthy but I finally felt alive and engaged and if that meant my path led me down a road I hadn’t even thought possible let alone considered viable, well, so be it.
My fathers would understand their daughter was a waitress. Right? Considering I’d avoided them (Saturday activities would have to unfold without me) on my way out and wasn’t looking forward to explaining why I’d rolled home in the wee hours this morning and likely would be doing the same tomorrow, it was clear to me I was already doubting their reaction.
Okay, Dad’s reaction. I paused, caught my breath, hating that I worried he’d be unhappy. Pops would be fine, just wanted me to do something that filled me up. I knew that and he’d never say otherwise. But Dad? He’d always told me I could be anything I wanted to be if I just tried.
Waitress. Possible burlesque dancer at some point, because I had to give it a go, right? At least I could tell him I was investigating possible crimes as a cover.
Oh Petal.
Luke wasn’t at his post, though the door was unlocked so I let myself upstairs, the dark entry well-lit now, faded wallpaper no longer mysterious and historic but rather worn, the carpet on the steps threadbare. Funny how things looked different when exposed to the light, though the club still had its lovely old charm to me when I entered, even in broad daylight shining through the bank of windows at the far end.
I found Reggie in her office, on the phone, knocked softly and entered when she called for me to do so. She waved me into a chair on the other side of her desk, pacing herself in front of her glass streetscape, not seeing the cool view, her steps quick and angry as she wrapped up her call.
“And I’m telling you,” she snapped into the phone, “I have no idea what you’re talking about. If you want to discuss this further, you can do so through my accountant. And my lawyer.” She hung up, smashing her finger against the flat glass of her phone, grunting while she tossed it to the desk. “IRS again,” she said with a huff of exhaled breath. “What is their problem? They clearly have an issue with a woman of color making a name for herself, that’s what.” I held still and quiet like I did with the tomcat as she raged on. “You take one step forward and the man, Petal, the man he pulls you back because heaven forbid a woman, let alone a black woman, makes her mark in this world.” She jabbed a finger in my direction. “Just let them try and bully me.”
“That’s why I’m here,” I said, recognizing the fact my own tone matched hers, that her aggressive confidence was either rubbing off on me or the decision I’d made had a desired effect. “I need to see your books. We’re getting to the bottom of this, Reggie.”
She was so fired up she didn’t even argue about my incorrect name usage. “You can have access to anything you want,” she said. “But no one can know, Petal. This has to be on the downlow. Agreed?”
I nodded. “Of course,” I said. “Investigator by day, waitress by night. I’m all in.”
And that was how I ended up in the bathroom, perched on the top of a toilet tank in a locked stall with Reggie’s laptop balanced on my knees.
Glamorous. Though, almost immediately informative. A quick skim through Reggie’s accounts told me something was hinky and not adding up. Sure, I might not have wanted to be an accountant, but that didn’t mean I hadn’t learned anything during my studies. It was pretty obvious to me, especially knowing I was looking for something, that someone in Reggie’s life had been tampering with her financials. The spreadsheet she was using offered a totals column that made balancing her books look like a two-year-old had been making up numbers and shoving them in just for kicks. Whoever was behind this was either a) absolutely wretched with finances or b) wanted her to look like she was cooking her own books.
Mind you, some of what I came across I didn’t understand and I ended up taking notes for further research. But, if I was going to be honest with myself, it was clear that something wasn’t adding up and it wasn’t just Reggie’s income and expense sheets.
I snuck out of the bathroom, peeking into the main club to be sure no one was around before crossing in a hurry to her office. She was already gone, who knew where, so I returned her computer to her desk, pausing to consider my next move. The sound of voices outside her door woke panic and, instantly, I lunged for the back side of the sofa and, tucking myself behind it, crouched there, breathing through my mouth when the door opened and two sets of footfalls entered.
“We need to talk,” Gary’s voice said.
“I’m done talking,” Aiden responded. “You either deal with things or I do.” Threatening much? “I’m not kidding, Gary. I’m done. And if Reggie finds out what you’ve been up to, so are you.” The door opened again and closed, feet retreating while I held my breath and made up my mind about who it was Reggie really had to worry about. Now to figure out how to tell her it was very likely the thief she was looking for—and possibly the IRS’s prime suspect—was her own husband.
No time to contemplate such matters, however. Not when the soft tread of shoes approaching told me not only was I not alone, but it was very possible I was now trapped with the man in question.

***

Chapter Twelve

I’d always been pretty lucky, despite the trouble I’d found myself in financially. Sure, I may never have had a solid relationship with cash and budgets, but when it came to real danger, being backed into a corner? I could usually talk myself out of any sort of unnecessary violence and seemed to carry a horseshoe up my butt (not my terminology but certainly relevant) when it came to confrontations, acts of illegality (mostly innocent) and run-ins with law enforcement (I might have been an FBI agent’s daughter, but I wasn’t a stranger to doing stupid stuff while drinking too much).
That was why, despite my concerned moment of nervous reaction hiding behind Reggie’s couch so her ne’re-do-well husband (oh, yes, I had him pegged right down to the ground) wouldn’t catch me eavesdropping even though he was the one who barged in when I actually had a reason to be here, thank you very much, I wasn’t really expecting to get caught. Surely he’d exit in due course, find somewhere else to be that wasn’t here and I could escape to help my friend another day.
Wait. Was that his footfalls getting closer? Did he know I was here? Real and invigorating panic woke like a gunshot inside me, flooding me with focus, that hyper sensitive attention to detail and every breath of sound that came with the fear of imminent discovery turning me into a rigid gazelle waiting for the lion to freaking go have a nap already.
Another step. Another. Hang on, was that the sound of him sniffing? Did he actually catch my scent? Revolted and more than a little impressed, I fought my instincts for control of my brain while I struggled to come up with a plausible reason why I might be huddled behind the black leather with both hands pressed to my heart, kneeling on the worn carpet with my knees aching from the contact. Can you believe my usually agile mind betrayed me? Stuttered, stalled and utterly stopped, leaving me empty and bereft of any excuse whatsoever that might pass for truth or even an attempt at truth?
Someone knocked on the door. I almost squealed in relief as the footfalls stopped. I heard the padded entry swing open, a woman’s voice speak.
“You wanted to talk to me about my performance.” I knew her, didn’t I? Too soon on the downward turn of adrenaline to make any solid connections, but it would come to me.
“I did.” Gary’s steps retreated toward the door, the thud of it closing behind him surely the sweetest sound in the history of any kind of sounds ever.
It wasn’t until I’d snuck out that I made a stab at who the voice had belonged to. That after I gave myself a solid thirty count before rising and hurrying to the door, peeking into the main bar, grateful for the emptiness, and tip toeing despite myself to the exit where I hurtled down the staircase at breakneck speed as though the hounds of hell were on my heels.
Luke was at his post, shot me a surprised look while I caught myself and tried a smile, trembling just enough I knew he had to suspect something.
“Don’t be late again, new girl,” he growled instead of asking questions I still couldn’t answer.
Gulp. Right. I had to work tonight, didn’t I? Reggie mentioned something about being here at 8PM and it was already past five. I had to drive home the half-hour commute (if I was lucky about traffic), grab dinner, change and be back here with minutes to spare because no way was I going to be a second over time.
Which meant I was behind the wheel, scowling at the bumper-to-bumper behind a small accident when it hit me. The voice. The one who’d lured Gary away from the office so I didn’t get caught. Of course I knew her.
Everly Hunt.
And now I was jumping to conclusions because yes, my brain went right to innuendo and questions about fidelity since, I’d already decided, Gary was the thief who’d been stealing from Reggie and since he was tainted by crime surely having an affair wasn’t a far leap for someone of his (lack of) moral character.
Had I heard an alluring lilt to her tone when she’d asked her performance question? Honestly, I didn’t know. I was so deep in the grasp of anxiety she could have openly and obviously offered him her professional services and I wouldn’t have been able to confirm or deny her intent. So, it was possible I really did overhear an innocent work-related conversation and I was a horrible, horrible person who judged others because I had nothing better to do while huddling behind a sofa.
Or sitting in traffic, for that matter.
By the time I arrived home I’d resolved to bring the matter to Reggie’s attention. And when I zipped up the sparkly evening dress I’d fished out of the same box my flapper one came from, I’d relegated that particular terrible idea to the wayside and chose instead to keep my lips closed tight. Dodging my fathers on the way out again with a wave through the kitchen window distracted me enough I was on the highway again before I flipped back into divulging everything to my friend only to slam my car door in the parking lot across from the club with my lower lip firmly clamped between my teeth and my wishy-washy resolve puddling into a pathetic mess.
Tell her or not tell her? I nodded to Luke on the way by, noted his approving nod at my arrival (7:55PM, boo-ya), hurrying up the stairs to the sound of voices above, music, patrons already getting started, the thump of bass from the theater below informing the soles of my feet the burlesque show was in full swing.
Any worry I might have had I’d get the opportunity to spill what I knew to Reggie despite my waffling back and forth died a fast and painful death the instant I set foot in the bar. Aiden swooped in like he’d been waiting for me, hand on my elbow, taking my purse and tucking it under the cash register before handing me a tray and shoving me into the already enthusiastic crowd to take orders and deliver drinks.
So, I’d thought last night was busy. It certainly seemed that way to the me who had been fresh meat but now felt like well tenderized but leathery around the edges Petal. It turned out Saturday? All bets were off on Saturday.
See, the dancers didn’t come up to serve until after they’d finished their set. And the full bar was already packed with people looking to drown their sorrows—or their laughter and happy lives and beautiful, well-dressed existences but I could dream they were sad, right?—in as much high-end wine and spirits as I could deliver to them. It didn’t take long for the first dancer to appear and give me a hand, ensuring Aiden and Gary—weird to see him acting the server for the first little while—could return to their regular jobs. It made sense to me, or to the part of me that had a second to breathe or think or even consider there was anything outside the quick stride to the bar, the order, the load up, the delivery, the quick stride to the bar, why they needed a new girl.
I barely noticed when Everly joined me, though I did bump hips with her once or twice at what had to be the 10PM mark. She flashed me that thousand-watt smile of hers but didn’t stop and neither did I, though now I was dying to ask her what the deal was with her and Gary.
As for doing the job I’d actually been hired to do? I might as well have been the one stealing because for the life of me, I barely had time to track my own orders and sales let alone figure out who was skimming.
To my delight (insert heavy sarcasm here), I realized that Carson and Daniel were regular patrons of After Hours, but only after handsy boy decided to give the touchy feely another go. This time I didn’t laugh, slapping his hand away and almost tipping my full tray in the process. He took my scowl like a challenge, grinning openly, tossing a fifty at me as he helped himself to his drink. If I’d known Aiden was sending me over here to deliver to this piece of work I would have passed off the glasses to someone else. Anyone else. Instead, I offered Daniel his and turned to go, only to feel a hand on my arm.
“Come serve me in Room B,” Carson whispered in my ear. “I’ll make it worth your while.”
I couldn’t think of anything I’d detest more. “Have fun serving yourself,” I whispered back before jerking my arm free and striding away to complete my delivery.
Imagine my shock and dismay when Gary appeared next to me five minutes later, that same touch on my arm making my skin crawl and waking my desire to punch someone. Okay, punch him. “You will come to Room B and serve my guests,” he snarled, “or you will get your things and leave.”
He strode off without pausing to find out if I’d comply, the arrogant ass. And though I longed to ignore him and take that challenge, I caught Reggie watching, arms crossed over her chest, eyes narrowed, and sighed.
This was part of the job, I guess. If I was going to be effective, I had to play by the rules of the club and that meant (choke) doing what I was told.
So close to chucking everything and walking. Except, of course, for the flash in my mind to the pile of twenties on the cardboard box beside my bed, the fifty on my tray, the lure of tips—so many tips—and the possibility of that five percent and a bonus kicking me in the rear and sending me, with a grim expression that I forced into at least a semblance of a strained smile, to the back hallway and Room B.

***

Chapter Thirteen

I paused by the door, gritting my teeth, the buzzing of the EXIT light way less irritating than my impending assignment, and was about to barge in and make myself known when I caught the sound of Carson’s voice. His very happy voice. Which made me pause and listen through the crack I created by easing the way open instead.
“Check the betting line,” he said. “That’s a circled game. You sure you want to cover that? It could end in a push and we both know you’re already sitting on a big marker.”
Now, I wasn’t exactly a career criminal, but I knew betting lingo when I heard it. I’d dated a guy on the West coast who’d run numbers for a bookie and he talked just like that. Just another excellent relationship choice for Petal Morgan. Informative, though, and serving me well now. No education was wasted, right? Even the illegal kind.
Carson fell quiet a minute, then laughed, clearly on the phone. “You know I’ve got your back, Jimmy. Just being sure. I just hate seeing you on my bottom sheet. But you tell me you’re good for it, I’m game. Consider it done.”
So Carson was into illegal gambling, was he? I heard him sign off and hesitated another moment. If Reggie knew he was conducting business in After Hours, this might be the source of her unhappiness with his presence. She’d told him to play things straight and here he was taking bets in her back room. The phone rang again, a ridiculous rendition of the old 80s hit, “I Wanna Be Rich” by Calloway. Gary must have known about what he was up to. And though the arrogant asshat taking bets behind the door was clearly a source of excellent revenue, it was also possible one of my friend’s issues sat drinking her alcohol and doing business where he had no right to.
Because laundering illegal betting profits through After Hours would be simple if he had the right connections. I’m looking at you, Gary.
Here I was, jumping to conclusions again. Surely Reggie thought of this herself? Now determined to prove the guy with the overly friendly hands was the culprit, (because I couldn’t stand him and how perfect would that be?) I chose to enter Room B with a real smile and an attitude that might get me what I wanted.
Daniel chose that very moment to move past me, though he didn’t try to touch me, even grimacing a little in apology as he stepped by and took a seat on the circular bench seat behind the heavy wooden table. The red velvet room with the dark paneled walls and lush carpeting of the same color felt a bit like a tomb, though time seemed to have spared it far more than the main bar. I approached the table, nodding to both men, noting the ice bucket and bottle of open champagne, three glasses with varying amounts inside before asking for their order.
Gary arrived while Daniel’s request for a whiskey followed Carson’s wink and rye and ginger order. I nodded to my kind of boss who ignored me as he sat next to Daniel, looking rather frazzled. It was busy out there, and he could hardly spare me to serve drinks to two people and yet, here I was.
Spoke volumes about their association, didn’t it? Maybe I wasn’t jumping to conclusions after all.
“Can I get you anything, Mr. Harris?” Look at me being all polite and professional.
He waved off my question and leaned toward Carson, though he didn’t speak, looking at me pointedly until I bobbed a weird little curtsy and left, closing the door slowly behind me. But despite my attempt at subterfuge his voice was too low for me to catch what he was saying outside the hurried and angry whispering.
Everly was just exiting one of the other doors, her exhale of relief matching the widening of her big eyes as she grinned at me, hooking one arm through mine.
“The private rooms might be a bit of a risk, but it’s worth it.” She flashed a hundred dollar bill at me with a wink. “Who do you have?”
“Carson Carrigan,” I said, doing my best to keep the annoyance out of my voice. I glanced with irritation at the EXIT sign and that ridiculous buzzing. “Someone needs to fix that.” Okay, so everything was pissing me off right now.
She eye rolled, grinned. “Here, let me.” She trotted to the far end of the hall and, on her tiptoes, whacked the light with her tray. The buzzing stopped, all right, the light flickering out. Everly hunched her shoulders and giggled on her way back, a guilty kid who’d done a very bad thing and got away with it. “There, that’s better.” And probably illegal or something. At the very least, destruction of private property. So why was I grinning, too? “As for Carson, he’s all talk and a jerk to boot,” she spoke into my ear as she quickly led me toward the main bar, close enough I could make out what she said over the music and crowd, “and that friend of his covers for him far too often.” Who, Gary? No, she must have meant Daniel. “He’s nice, at least, and a good tipper if he catches Carson being a creep.” Yup, she meant Daniel. “Watch your back, but have fun.” She left me to lean over the bar, placing her order while I waited my turn for Aiden and the two young men—so cliché—who had joined him for the evening to fill glasses with expensive alcohol for the rich and bored.
It was hard, as the night went on, not to let my mind wander toward Reggie and her complicit state of affairs as I observed openly Carson’s illegal betting activities unfolding while I delivered drink after drink, appetizers followed by a main course joined by more alcohol, all while Gary sat back and let him, Daniel at least having the courtesy to try to cover things up by dumping twenties on my tray.
To keep me quiet? More than likely. I chose to play dumb in light of the tips, though it was increasingly difficult to believe my friend didn’t know what was going on in her back room. Still, the discrepancy in her financials made me uncomfortable enough to believe someone was playing her, not the other way around.
Gary. It all came back to Gary. Why didn’t she do something about her husband?
One of my final trips back to Room B with more than enough whiskey to drown a hardened alcoholic on my tray, my concerns were reinforced. Especially when I found Reggie with Daniel and Carson this time, Gary nowhere to be found, my friend in deep and angry conversation with the two men.
She noticed me before I was aware of her and pulled back, but it was obvious from her furious expression she was, in fact, in the know about his little betting business. Not so little if the number of calls he’d been taking and the tiny (in writing but big in digits) numbers he’d noted in the book before him told the tale.
Carson didn’t seem to notice or care why she retreated. Instead, he leaned toward her in turn and smirked.
“You threaten me again,” he said in a clear and rather amused voice, “and I’ll make sure it’s the last time. You hear me, Reg? Not even your Daddy will be able to keep you safe.”
Her cheeks turned ashen, eyes huge, and though I really barely knew her outside memory and recent interactions, it was obvious she waffled on the wall between furious and terrified. She rose without responding, striding past me and out the door while I quietly and quickly deposited the round of drinks before exiting after her.
I caught her near the far end of the hall, leaning into her where she paused to catch her breath, one hand pressed to her throat, a hand that trembled just a little.
“Reggie,” I said, mentally wondering what the comment about her father could have been about, but more worried about her physical safety than Carson’s specific words. “Call the cops. I’ll testify he’s been bookmaking all night.”
The look she flashed me caught me by surprise. Not the gratitude I’d expected, but rage, pure and flaming. She caught herself, though, shook her head, that trembling hand falling to grasp my wrist as she looked away, full lips in a grim line.
“No one threatens me in my place,” she said. And strode off without another word or any conscious realization she’d been gripping my arm so tight I was positive I’d be bruised in the morning.
The rest of the night passed faster than expected, the calls for more drinks from Room B silenced. Maybe I’d finally doused him in enough alcohol to make Carson pass out or, more likely, he’d left to take his nasty piece of work elsewhere. Whatever the case, I did see Daniel just before closing and he nodded to me as he headed for Reggie’s office, alone and head down. Whatever. I was sure if Everly was right he’d gone to apologize to her for what his friend said, though I was certain by now she’d never accept.
The other servers fled like a flock of birds when Aiden closed up shop, even Everly abandoning me to hurry downstairs to her dressing room to change and head home for the night. Which meant, naturally, the new girl got the best job of all.
End of shift cleanup.
I just hoped the pile of tips in my bust line was worth the mess I feared I had to deal with.
To my surprise, Luke and his bouncer partner handled the bathrooms, bless them, and Aiden and his bartender boys took the main bar. That left the back rooms to me and I headed to the hall with trepidation. Surely they wouldn’t send me back there if they had a chance to fob off a more awful job on the fresh meat?
Someone had turned out the light, the hallway dark and it took me a minute to find the switch. With the EXIT light now down for the count, it was so pitch black I couldn’t proceed without illumination. Room A at the far end had a stack of glasses to carry to the bar, and Room C the same, though a sticky puddle of something I didn’t dare try to identify took a few squirts of my cleaner bottle and three rags to wipe up. Gross.
Room D was across from C, so I slipped in there next, finding it clean and empty. Someone either got to it already or it hadn’t been used tonight. That left my least favorite of the whole kit and kaboodle, though I’d been in and out of B so many times tonight at least I knew I wasn’t in for a giant mess.
Optimism on my side, I slipped through the door and headed for the table, stopping in my tracks at the sight of Carson slumped over, passed out. Well, just freaking lovely. I hesitated, ready to call Luke in to have the giant bouncer deal with my unconscious patron before deciding it might be fun to wake him from a sound sleep.
I finished my approach, noting as I did something was very off, because Carson’s slump was unusual, right? Not the forward collapse of a man with his head in his arms, but a sideways twist further into the bench, an odd and uncomfortable position for someone passed out. Then again, I’d found myself in weird and painful sleeping arrangements after long nights of imbibing, so maybe I was wrong?
Why was the silver ice bucket on the bench under his head? Dear god, was he throwing up? Okay, that I just couldn’t handle. But no, he wasn’t moving, and his head was all the way in the bucket for some reason.
Hang on. The water level of the melted ice was at his collar. Didn’t that make it kind of hard to breathe—
I’m not stupid or anything. It wasn’t like I was slow on the uptake most days. But I was tired, and my feet hurt and it had been a long two nights. So the fact it took me a minute to make the mental leap required wasn’t exactly a stretch, okay?
Okay.
Because when it finally hit me Carson wasn’t going to be touching me inappropriately ever again, nor tipping me heavily to keep me from complaining, I had a moment of guilty relief the cause of my discomfort was dead.
I was a horrible, horrible person.

***

Chapter Fourteen

“You just walked in and found him dead, is that what you’re telling me?” The young detective who looked about two years out of college and really shouldn’t have held the kind of responsibility required to ask questions about murders eyed me with a narrowed expression of disdain while I clamped my lips together in frustration.
My dad was FBI. I knew the song and dance. Trust no one, ask a million questions that amounted to the same question just reiterated in as many ways as possible to ensure the person you’re interrogating is telling the truth—or the truth as their fallible memory delivers it—until you’re positive they aren’t lying about any details.
How did I know FBI interrogation tactics? Come on, surely having an agent for a father was enough of an answer. I may not have been a suspect in a major crime before, but I’d sat on the sofa with Dad calmly and deliberately digging out honesty I swore to myself I’d keep hidden was more than enough education in that department.
So, I knew showing my temper was a terrible idea. As was changing my story in any way, shape or form. The young detective would pounce if I got even a single slice of the pie wrong. At least I was telling the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so I had that on my side. Still, it was growing increasingly difficult not to snap and tell him where he could shove that terrible questioning manner he’d clearly picked up from watching some old cop show from the 70s that had nothing to do with modern police techniques.
“Yes,” I said for the fifteenth time. “I found him like that.” Glanced away as the paramedics wheeled the carcass of Carson Carrigan past the gathering, enough of the staff still remaining despite the late hour there were lots of bodies to talk to. Live ones, that was. My rapid exit from the back room where I ran immediately into Gary and gasped out the reality of the situation turned very quickly into Reggie dialing 9-1-1 while her husband gaped at me like I’d told him the world was ending in five minutes and he’d better duck and cover.
Whether they were in the neighborhood or just keeners on the case I had no idea, but we had police officers in the club within two minutes, stopping the staff below from leaving, herding them upstairs to the main bar again in a grumbling pack of dissatisfied dancers ready to rebel at a moment’s notice. Until, that was, the rumor mill made the rounds and the whispering chatter making guesswork around Carson’s death was more than enough to keep them occupied and eager to remain if only to distill some detail worthy of their now focused attention.
“Miss Morgan,” Detective Rick Danone said, interrupting my train of thought. Oddly, the dead body hadn’t bothered me as much as it probably should have. Years as the kid of a federal agent, maybe? Or perhaps a throwback to being present when my sperm donor murdered my mother and then killed himself in front of me?
Did I linger over that detail too much? Sorry.
Yeah. It was probably that.
“Detective,” I said, knowing my expression was likely a mask of nothing that wasn’t helping matters any. Everyone else at least showed some kind of emotion leaning toward the human. The past had a way of making everything complicated.
He flashed me a grimace of irritation. So I was getting to him, too? Good to know. Though not good, not really. I was cooperating, though, right? Surely that had to count for something. All this repeating himself in multiple ways while getting the same answers really had to stop.
“Rick.” I hadn’t noticed she’d joined us until she said his name, the fortysomething woman in a black leather jacket and jeans looking like she would rather not have to deal with him at that moment caught his attention and held it.
“I’m almost done, Elle,” he said. Total change in attitude. His partner had clear seniority and it was nice to note he seemed to respect her.
“Why don’t you go chat with the dancers and leave this to me.” No judgment, not a scrap of bad humor, just a suggestion that was an order if ever I’d heard one and trust me, I’d heard the best use that same tone and win every time. Dad would like her.
Rick just nodded, flipping closed his leather pad and tucking his pen away, before tipping his head to me and joining the flock of dancers still chattering among themselves. I chose to focus on his partner, no taller than me with shoulder-length brown hair highlighted blond and gray eyes fixing me with a steady and careful expression. My gaze dipped to the infinity necklace at the dip of her collarbone as she spoke.
“Detective Elle Gordon,” she said, holding out one strong and capable hand. I shook it, just like Dad taught me, firm but not too firm.
“Petal Morgan,” I said.
“Miss Morgan,” she tucked both hands into her front pockets, tilting her head to the side, faint and encouraging smile just as contrived as her partner’s newbie attempt at an effective questioning routine but far more practiced, “can you tell me what happened?”
My gaze flickered to the forensics team now leaving the back hall and heading for the stairs. I told her everything I remembered, details I hadn’t shared with her partner, only because he hadn’t asked in the right way. How many drinks, what Carson ordered, who was in the room when. That the hall light was out, how it was clear he’d been forced into that bucket by the awkward position of his body. All delivered in that deadpan tone of voice I remembered from when, at eight, in shock and incapable of processing what I’d witnessed, I sat with Dad—then just Special Agent Andrew Walker to me—everything that I’d seen.
When I was done, wrapping with Reggie making the emergency call, Elle took a long moment before a real smile pulled at the corner of her mouth.
“You’re either a cop’s kid,” she said, “or you have training.”
I shrugged. “FBI,” I said. “Dad.”
She laughed, grin rueful. “It shows.” She sighed, glancing away a moment, jaw jumping as her gaze settled on her young partner trying to wrangle the chatting dancers. “Sorry about the new kid. Hope he didn’t make you nuts.” Like he made her nuts. That went unspoken. She turned back, still curious, though. “What am I missing about you?”
There was nothing intimidating about the question, so I chose to come completely clean.
“I’m working for the owner under cover,” I said. “There have been thefts, an IRS accusation of money laundering. I’m trying to sort things out for her.” Okay, so it wasn’t lost on me I kind of liked her and now that she saw me as sort of trustworthy because of Dad’s job maybe I wanted her respect like she had her partners.
Elle’s pale eyes lit up. “I’ve heard of what you do,” she said, nodding. “Some kind of deception specialist, right?”
Rick chose that moment to abandon his attempt to talk to the dancers who firmly ignored him, looking back and forth between us. I could tell from Reggie’s frown where she stood at the bar, watching, she was worried what I was telling the police, but if she had nothing to do with Carson’s death, she didn’t have anything to be concerned about.
And yes, I was partially convinced she might have killed him.
Bad kind of friend and employee and what did Elle call me?
“Wait,” Rick said, frowning, “you’re one of those lie detecting scientist people?”
Elle answered for me because I had no idea what he was talking about and wouldn’t have had a clue how to go about confirming or denying anything to do with her initial statement.
“Naw,” she said, “one of those chameleons. You know, who infiltrate businesses and uncover crimes on behalf of the owners.” She shrugged at me like we’d already talked this out and that was exactly the truth.
No way. This was actually a job?
“Exactly,” I said, shocked at how smoothly that rolled off my tongue. I seized control of my mouth and shut it, knowing the best lies—though in truth it wasn’t a lie, I just had no idea I was engaged in something that had a name—were short and sweet.
It was like a switch flipped. Elle’s attitude shifted from understanding and confident to confidential, her body language settling into softer and more relaxed lines, even Rick seeming to follow her lead, his faint frown dissolving into a not-scowl, so I called that a win.
“Cool,” he said. “My uncle’s a P.I. in Philly. Kinda the same thing.”
Elle just flashed him a shut it, kid, before you embarrass yourself look before returning her attention to me. “Thanks for the info,” she said. Wait, was she treating me like a fellow investigator? She flipped a card out of her jacket, handed it over. “I assume your cover’s intact?”
I nodded, accepting the rectangle with her name on it. “As far as I know.”
“You dig up anything on the murder while you’re doing your job,” she said, “you call me, yeah?”
“Of course, detective,” I said. “I’d appreciate it if you wouldn’t share what I told you about my work here?”
Elle winked, nudged Rick who flashed another grin. “Good luck, Miss Morgan.” She turned then, steering her partner away from me, leaving me exposed and a little trembly where I hadn’t been before.
And not because of the dead guy. Oh my god, had I stumbled on a real job by accident that could be repeated down the road? If I ever solved Reggie’s problems, that was. Speak of the devil herself, she instantly joined me, hand on my elbow, whispering in my ear as the detectives moved on Aiden and the bartenders.
“What did you tell them?” She was shaking way worse than I was, her lip gloss eaten off, skin ashen, dark eyes locking me in a death stare.
“Just the truth,” I said, feeling her fingernails dig into the flesh of my arm and doing my best to stay calm, confident. Emulating Dad, not to mention Detective Gordon. No way was Reggie going to know I suspected her in the murder of her least favorite patron. At least, not yet.
Not until I had evidence to prove it.
“They’re shutting down the club.” That was her concern? So maybe I was jumping the gun, seeing her anxiety as guilt when it was just fear for her business. “What am I going to do?”
“It’s fine,” I said, “Reggie, think about it. The club will only be closed for a couple of days, max, if that long.” Forensics were already out of here, so it might be less than that. “The theater is dark for the next two nights anyway, right?” Sunday and Monday, according to the poster downstairs. She nodded, clutching at me with a desperate need to believe me written all over her face. “By the time the show opens on Tuesday, everything will be back to normal.”
I was sure of that, one way or another. The cops would either find the killer in that time—the first forty-eight hours not a joke or a gimmick but a real truth for most murders and abductions—or they’d have cooling case on their hands. Either way, life would go on as usual.
Except, of course, I hadn’t accounted for the fact I wasn’t the only one who suspected the owner of this fine establishment. Elle Gordon chose that moment to join us, that now familiar confident and calm expression telling me volumes.
“Ms. Nolan,” she said. “You need to come to the station.”

***

Chapter Fifteen

Reggie’s reaction gave me doubts to her guilt, her shocked surprise at the detective’s statement raising some protective feelings in me, though I did my best to hide them from Elle Gordon. I wanted to keep her on my good side and that required a little bit of playacting that could maintain my cover. The detective thought I was a pro so I’d better act like one, hadn’t I? No way I was admitting to her now I was a bit of a fraud, that I had no idea what I was doing and lose all respect I’d clearly gained in our interaction. Pride, you sucked, but still. If I was going to continue to be of help to Reggie, I had to keep my cool and follow the script or I’d be either heaved out the front door and told not to come back or down in lockup or an interrogation room.
Neither appealed, frankly. So, stand by and let my friend be interrogated it was.
“Whatever for?” My beautiful friend’s free hand clutched at her throat, the other still firmly grasping me. More bruises tomorrow, awesome. “I’ve already told the other detective everything I know.”
“Ms. Nolan,” Elle said, that level tone so Dad I blinked in surprise she hadn’t, in fact, just magically morphed into SSA Andrew Walker, “you were the last person to be seen with Mr. Carrigan. Not to mention several people witnessed him threatening you.” Whoops, including me. And yes, that had been part of my full reveal to the detective. I wasn’t very good at keeping secrets, though cooperating with law enforcement was kind of built into me.
Reggie’s already wide eyes grew wider. “This is outrageous,” she said. “You can’t think I killed Carson.”
Elle didn’t even twitch. “We just need to ask you a few more questions, and this isn’t the best venue for that conversation.”
I almost broke character and told Reggie not to go, heart pounding, positive the moment they got my friend into an interrogation room she’d crack like an egg. Confess to something she didn’t do—or did, crap—and I’d never see her again. Or my five percent. Petal, sheesh. Okay, but I was trying to be a friend and practical and they didn’t seem to go very well together in this particular situation. Who knew?
I needn’t have worried about Reggie. As the truth of what Detective Gordon said settled in, my savvy friend stiffened, worry vanishing in a wave of determined anger. She gathered herself physically, like a warrior queen preparing for battle, nodding to Elle in an elegant and decisive motion that made her gorgeous hair bob like a shining corkscrew crown.
“Of course,” she said. “Just as soon as I call my lawyer and have him meet us there.”
Elle had to be expecting that, because she nodded back and, in that moment, I saw not one, but two, epic women ready to face off in a contest of wills I was glad I wouldn’t witness. “That would probably be a good idea.”
There was nothing I could do but watch Reggie go, not handcuffed at least, but definitely under scrutiny. Rick held up what looked like a flash drive to his partner, more than likely the security footage from whatever time of death the M.E. came up with. I glanced away, a bit heartbroken at the sight of the strong-willed woman being escorted from her club. It was only that inability to watch as everyone else did—the gathered staff could cut back on the enthusiastic gossiping anytime soon—that gave me a clear view of Gary and Everly, a few feet from one another but without an inch between the look that connected them.
Suspicion blossomed while Gary, finally jerking free of his locked gaze with the brunette dancer, hurried after his departing wife with a frown that could have been worry or something else I had as yet to identify. Maybe I should have given him the benefit of the doubt, but something hinky twinged my sixth sense for girlfriend solidarity and I chose to act on it rather than let it go.
I joined the dancer he’d been so taken with immediately, leaning in, going for that vapid curiosity the others seemed to have mastered. “What was that all about?”
Everly’s expression flickered to something I didn’t recognize—a hardened wall of refusal, even some sort of mask barely hiding rage like I’d never seen—before she shrugged and blushed. I blinked, wondering if I’d imagined it, as her whole body softened, expression now contrite and filled with regretful concern. “Poor Reggie,” she said. “Do you think she did it?”
Nice deflect. She was hiding something and I had a sinking feeling it was Gary related. Before I could press her further on her relationship—or not—with my friend’s husband, Everly left my side to join the other dancers, the uniforms allowing everyone to leave at last. I glanced at my cell phone when I retrieved my purse from behind the bar, surreptitiously checking out familiar faces for flickers of guilt and seeing nothing—and noted it was well past 4:30AM. I had a half-hour drive ahead of me. Groan. But at least there wouldn’t be traffic.
Silver linings were necessary at times like these.
I paused at the bottom of the steps on my way out, Luke and Dante—I’d finally learned the other bouncer’s name—whispering to each other while the staff filed out and went their own ways. Luke looked furious, ready to commit murder himself, and jerked free of Dante’s grip before heading upstairs.
“Is he okay?” I hoped I sounded sufficiently concerned and equally unattached to the outcome.
Dante shrugged, voice a surprisingly soft tenor for a guy his size. “No way Reggie killed that guy,” he said. “Luke’s just… protective.”
So much more to that story layered under innuendo I couldn’t have missed it if I wanted to. “He’s pretty attached to her.” Not a question.
Dante sighed deeply, leaning against the brick wall, helping himself to a cigarette from the inside pocket of his jacket. So weird to see someone smoke. I choked a bit on the byproduct as he spoke. “You could say that.” He looked far too worried for me to let this go, disgusting and dangerous habit making my eyes water or not.
“He’d do anything to protect her, wouldn’t he?” Again with the attempt at subtly that probably missed the side of a barn with its horrendous delivery.
But clearly Dante wasn’t the brightest boy on the block, because he nodded, leaning in so the scent of his cigarette made me gag. “He left his post earlier,” the bouncer said. “Near closing.” He took a long drag, the glow of the ember shining in his dark eyes with demonic light. “And he’d do anything for Ms. Nolan,” he said, with emphasis. “Anything. You get me?”
“He has feelings for her.” This was way too easy.
Dante nodded. “Always has.” He sighed out his lungful of smoke and crushed the butt into the pavement at his feet.
“Do you think he’d go that far?” And that was the line, I saw it on his face, heard my own slipup, the step across innocent questions into interrogation making Dante blanch and pull away.
“I don’t know nothing,” he said. “You’d best be getting on home, miss.”
Not a threat, but close enough. And, to be honest? I was tired, my feet were on the brink of quitting on me and the murder investigation wasn’t my job.
Whether Reggie committed the crime, or Luke did the deed, or anyone else? I’d been hired to uncover theft and, hopefully, sort out accusations of tax evasion for a bonus. So why then, as I drove home in my bare, throbbing feet, so tired I had to put the air conditioning on full blast to keep my eyes open, did I ponder, not my job, but the dead man’s fate?

***

Chapter Sixteen

I was climbing the stairs to my apartment, shoes in hand, feet on fire, and didn’t notice until I almost walked on him the big, ginger tomcat curled up on the last step in front of my door. If it hadn’t been for the faint light coming from the street, I would have missed him entirely, and froze in surprise in the darkness, feeling oddly guilty he’d caught me coming home so late. Early. Whatever.
He lifted his head from his paws, letting out a faint meow that sounded like he’d been smoking cigars his whole life, It was enough like an enquiry as to why I was dragging my sorry hide home at this hour I answered out loud.
“Nice to see you too,” I said.
He yawned, stood, stretched like I wasn’t waiting for him to get out of the way already so I could go inside and collapse on my bed and maybe pass out for a while. All the time in the world unfolded as that cat, his attitude unchanged though his friendliness toward me seemingly altered for the better, finally meandered down the stairs past me, stub of a tail alert despite missing most of itself. I watched him vanish through the hedges and decided to take his growing trust as a good sign.
***
Her clothes smell like her perfume. I snuggle into the pile of them I pulled from the hangers, tucking them around me like the walls of a fort. They’ll keep me safe, hidden, deep inside this closet, while he beats her on the other side of the door and her screams get softer and finally stop.
***
You’d think finding a dead body would trigger a different kind of nightmare. Then again, I moaned to myself as I rolled over and tried to go back to sleep, this was my second death, so the first took bad dream precedence.
Sleep wasn’t long returning and, this time, my past let me rest.
Funny how the fact I only had one revisit to my mother’s demise instead of the multiples I’d been expecting gave me a boost of confidence. Enough that when I woke for the day—again well after noon with a faint groan at the time on the clock—the Sunday morning sunshine added to the optimistic bent I really didn’t deserve to linger in.
I had a job to do. One that got me up, moving, showering, dressing, even doing my hair again, a bit of makeup, though Reggie would just have to deal with jeans and boots rather than business attire. Come on, it was Sunday.
I was hoping to yet again escape the premises without encountering either of my fathers. I really didn’t have anything to tell them that would generate any kind of confidence in the path I was taking. Considering I’d stumbled on a dead body early this morning, neither of them would be so understanding as to allow me to continue without a thorough talking to and, in the case of Dad, poking his nose into Elle Gordon’s investigation to make sure his little girl was okay.
Pops? He’d have a conniption fit. If you’ve never seen a tiny Asian gay man have a conniption, I advise against it. I’d be comforting him for weeks and forget about going back to After Hours or anything like it.
Just my luck, however, Dad was in the back yard when I tried to sneak out. My sneaking skills had never been the best, to be honest, and his seek and find abilities honed to that level of federal agent perfection that ensured I never, ever got away with anything.
I did peek out the window before I slunk down the steps, but I failed to notice him camouflaged behind the rose bushes he was pruning. Okay, so maybe he wasn’t purposely hiding out but it amounted to the same thing when, breathing a faint sigh of relief as I hurried toward the side of the house and my car in the driveway, Dad seemed to leap out of nowhere.
“Pet.” I squeaked in surprise, close enough to a squeal his eyes widened, pruning shears suddenly silent in his hands. “Are you okay?”
I caught my breath, glaring. The fact he hadn’t actually leaped out at me, was really just standing there and I’d failed to see him, only made me more irritated. “You could have warned a girl.”
Blue eyes narrowed just a little. “You’ve been out two nights in a row,” he said, the sharp shears clipping a dead bit of branch from the bush in a crisp and efficient snip. His statement of fact wasn’t exactly an accusation, but I knew he probably thought I was drinking the money he gave me.
Yes, I used to party. A lot. Who didn’t? A momentary flash of that good old guilt triggered the need to correct his assumption, though I knew better than to give him fodder for questions. “I’m working,” I said. “I found a job.”
Dad paused again, eyebrows arching, the shears still and waiting for his attention. “Doing what?”
I left myself open to that, and it was honestly a fair query. I tended to see Dad as a master interrogator who always got what he wanted but, if I was going to be utterly honest with myself, I was the one who handed over more than I should in any given moment because, let’s face it, I wanted him to be proud of me.
“I’m serving.” Sigh. “In a club in D.C.” Stopped myself from divulging the rest, but barely. Miracles could happen and I could keep my mouth shut.
Dad nodded, went back to pruning. “Nothing wrong with a service job to get you on your feet,” he said while my mind flashed to the just north of $1500 in tips I’d made last night. “As long as you have time to keep looking for something that makes you happy.”
There was the judgement I’d been expecting. “What if being a waitress makes me happy, Dad?” Wow, I wasn’t planning on this conversation this morning, nor on being confrontational with my father who loved me unconditionally and just wanted the best for me. Clearly I had issues, shocker, right? Dad didn’t deserve to bear the brunt of them. And yet, he’d prodded the sleeping bear living inside me and I was still tired and in a mood and couldn’t control my mouth after all.
The look of surprise on Dad’s face instantly slapped me with regret. I didn’t wait for him to respond, for that faintly hurt expression to leave him, instead hurrying toward my car and climbing inside though Pops was calling for me out the kitchen door. I drove away like a coward running from her problems with the acceptance that was my modus operandi so why change now?
By the time I reached the club, determination to prove to Dad I was better than being a waitress—while battling the truth there was nothing wrong with being a server, especially one who made the kind of money I’d made the last two nights—drove me to take the steps two at a time, to stride through the main bar and into Reggie’s office with intent and intensity that died the instant I realized I wasn’t alone.
Everly noticed me first, gasped and pushed Gary from her, though I’d seen more than enough of the two of them and their couch groping to put two and two together and confirm the affair. Reggie’s cheating husband turned toward me, shock on his face, enough of his own guilt there I knew I was in trouble the moment his expression settled on rage.
“You say a word to Reggie,” he snarled, “and you’re fired.”
“Good luck with that,” I shot back, because my mouth had a life of its own today, “since she hired me to investigate you.”
Not true, but enough of a shocker to him he gaped, Everly gaped, and I got to dwell in self-satisfaction long enough to regain my confidence.
Everly didn’t wait for an explanation, fleeing the room, sobbing. I let her go, pinning Gary with a scowl I hoped would keep him contrite and controlled. Instead, he stood to confront me, and while not all that much taller felt like he was towering past my five foot five, clearly trying to intimidate me.
He’d never had to face down Dad. Intimidate away, Gary.
“What are you talking about?” His belligerence wasn’t doing him any favors, nor was his bullying. “Reggie trusts me completely.”
“Right,” I said. “Because she has so much to trust in you, doesn’t she? Bringing in illegal gambling to her club, having an affair with one of her dancers. So trustworthy, Gary. I’m shocked anyone would think you weren’t on the up and up.” Oh, Petal. Dig that grave, girl. Dig it.
At least I got through to him, enough to make him even more dangerous because as the expression of his understanding passed over his face, it resolved, not in contrite regret, but a deep and rather scary rage that almost made me back up.
Almost. Dad and Pops didn’t raise me to retreat in the face of that kind of threat.
“We’ll see about that,” he said. “When Reggie gets back.”
Back? “She’s still with the police?” Wasn’t lost on me he’d reduced any level of intimidation he offered up by using his wife as a threat. Did he know he suddenly sounded like he was waiting on his mommy to fix things? Didn’t matter. I was more concerned with Reggie’s present circumstance, though my own worry she was responsible for Carson Carrigan’s death awoke again with a vengeance.
Gary didn’t answer, brushing past me, though not making enough physical contact for me to call him on it. I let him go, breathing a little sigh of relief he’d gone and didn’t make this any harder than it already had been. Now that Gary knew I wasn’t just a server, I had to push past the fact I’d given up my edge and sort of betrayed Reggie to the very man I was now sure was the source of her troubles.
Only one way to make up for my mouthy confrontation. Time to prove Gary was the culprit and hope that didn’t lead to also uncovering the fact my friend was a murderer.

***

Chapter Seventeen

I was just sitting behind Reggie’s desk when someone knocked on the door. Maybe the cat was out of the bag with Gary and Everly, but if I had any hope of uncovering the thief—if, in fact, it wasn’t her cheating husband—I should at least try to maintain my cover. So I hurried to the door and opened it, peeking out with what I hoped was a contrite expression, to find Luke looming there.
The bouncer didn’t seem surprised to find me in his boss’s office, so it was possible she’d shared with him my real reason for employment. Not that it mattered, but if I had Luke on my bad side I’d be feeling much more nervous about the whole thing. Sure, I could take care of myself, but he was gigantic. Especially filling almost the entire doorway of the impressively sized entrance to Reggie’s office.
He entered and closed the door, me retreating while doing my best not to let it look like retreat, the bouncer glaring at me when the way was barred and my exit blocked. But any anxiety I was feeling dissolved as his face crumbled and he actually teared up, hands clutching into fists at his sides.
“You know,” he said. “You caught them, too.”
So, I wasn’t the only one, huh? “Everly and Gary,” I said.
Luke sniffled a little, dark cheeks flushed, lower lip trembling a moment before he pulled himself together. “I told Ms. Nolan,” he said, never mind first names. She’d clearly dove head first into the whole professional woman thing, making me think about renaming and reinventing myself. “I warned her but she wouldn’t listen. You have to talk to her. Get her to dump him. He’s wrong for her.”
“You seem to think I have more sway than I do,” I said, fishing for confirmation and getting it a moment later when he ran one huge hand over his mouth, nodding.
“She told me,” he said. “Why you’re really here. Said to keep an eye on you, give you anything you needed. Especially now.” He shook his head, light glinting off his shiny baldness. “She trusts you, Ms. Morgan.”
Even though I suspected she might be a murderer? Well, Reggie didn’t know that, though if the thought hadn’t crossed her mind yet, she wasn’t as smart as I thought she was. Staying with Gary didn’t qualify in the intelligence department. Brilliant women hung their lives on losers all the time. But she had to know it didn’t look good if Elle Gordon was right and Reggie was the last one on the video footage with Carson.
Made me think about why the back hall light was out, what happened the twenty or so minutes between my final drink delivery and my discovery of the body. And just what was on that security feed.
“Any idea why she’s still being questioned?” Couldn’t bode well.
Luke’s shift from worry to rage made me stiffen. “No way she killed that guy,” he said. “Dude was a creep and a bookie doing business where he shouldn’t have been, but Ms. Nolan’s too classy for that.”
“And you, Luke?” I took a chance, remembering what Dante said early this morning, that his fellow bouncer—clearly more protective of Reggie than was called for if he was just an employee as far as I was concerned—had left his post around the time of death, that narrow twenty minute window. “Are you too class for murder?”
Maybe it was dumb to challenge the giant man that way, trapped in this room with him the way I was. But there was something about him I trusted, that reminded me in a way of my father, and despite knowing he probably was capable of doing almost anything to keep Reggie safe, I doubted he’d resort to murdering me to keep me quiet.
At least, that’s what I told myself as the big bouncer shifted his weight from one foot to the other, looking sheepish.
“I didn’t kill him,” he said. “If I wanted him dead, no one would find the body.”
Fair enough. “Good to know,” I said, doing my best to sound reasonable and remain confident because the way he said it? Yeah, there was probably far more honesty behind his words than I wanted to uncover. “Reggie knew Carson was bookmaking here, though, didn’t she?”
He nodded, big head bobbing. “She was pissed,” he said. “And that Mr. Harris let it happen. But he and Mr. Jeremiah are old friends of Mr. Harris, so she let it slide.”
“How does he know them?” I needed to get back to the real reason I was here and find proof Gary was stealing from Reggie and likely laundering money and putting it all on her. I might not have had the power to protect her from a murder charge, but I’d be damned if I was going to let her go down for the rest of it.
Unless she was in on it and I was being played. That possibility crossed my mind as Luke spoke again.
“Mr. Jeremiah is Ms. Nolan’s accountant,” he said.
Something stank and it wasn’t yesterday’s dinner. “Thanks, Luke,” I said. “You’ve been a huge help.” I had to talk to Daniel Jeremiah. I might have just found my launderer.
Luke shrugged, paused like he had more to say but turned and left a heartbeat later before I could prompt him to continue. I did want to ask about his personal feelings for Reggie, but it was pretty clear he was in love with her so prodding that toothache likely wouldn’t get me far past what I already knew. Why she trusted him with who I was but wouldn’t listen about Gary, however? I shook my head to myself, though I didn’t really have the right to judge. I’d made my own mistakes—hello, married and divorced at twenty-one while remaining in love with the wrong man all these years—so calling the kettle any color but black smacked of the kind of hypocrisy that would make me squirm with embarrassment.
We’d just leave Reggie’s private life at that.
Time to dig into the people with motive and means to ruin my friend and forget the superfluous stuff that really didn’t amount to much more than gossip. I rifled around in her desk, finally found Daniel Jeremiah’s card. Right, it was Sunday, no one in his office. I didn’t want to have to wait until the morning to talk to him, however, on the off chance Reggie was cleared. I’d love to be able to offer her some answers to take her mind off the fact someone was murdered in her club. I know if I was her I’d be in the market for a win right about now.
Turned out, I didn’t have to wait after all. As I exited her office, intending to ask Gary for a personal number for Daniel—oh, he’d be giving it to me, believe you me—I heard voices from the back hall and, curious and more than a little cautious, I crept to the doorway and listened in on the conversation.
“This is all your fault.” That was Aiden Pritch. Who was he blaming for what?
“I had nothing to do with it.” Well now, the man in question himself. Daniel sounded reasonably distressed, at least.
“We’ll see if the cops agree with that,” Aiden snapped before stomping toward me, his footfalls the only warning I had he was approaching. I did my best to fake surprise at his appearance, though I didn’t have to work too hard at it. He ignored me, storming out of the bar and down the stairs. I turned back to find Daniel watching me, face tight and worried.
“Can I help you?” He was polite, at least, doing nothing to correct my first assessment of him. He’d been a counterbalance to his friend’s smarminess and it appeared that hadn’t changed with Carson’s death.
I took Reggie’s trust into my own hands and nodded. “We need to talk,” I said. “I’m not who you think I am.”
He flinched a little, eyes tightening, body tense. “You’re a cop? Undercover?”
“Not law enforcement,” I said. “Deception specialist.” I called on Elle Gordon’s terminology in a flash of inspiration. “I’m here to uncover who’s stealing from Reggie and find out if the IRS accusations about the laundering are something she needs to worry about.”
Daniel sagged then, hands shaking as he ran them both through his dark hair. “I see,” he said. “You’d better come with me.”
Why did those words sound ominous? But he simply led me back to Reggie’s office and her laptop and showed me what I already knew.
“Reggie’s been stealing from the company for months,” he said, sounding disappointed and resigned. “I can’t believe she’s being so blatant about it, but it’s all here in black and white.”
I leaned against the desk, arms crossed over my chest, shaking my head, even more certain now she was being set up. “There’s no way she’s that stupid,” I said. “Come on, Daniel, think about it. This looks like someone’s laying the groundwork for her to take a fall. And I think I know who it is.”
His troubled expression made me angry. “You think it’s Gary,” he said.
“Don’t tell me you’re going to let an old friendship let a woman go to prison for fraud and money laundering,” I said, pulling out my very best Supervisory Special Agent tone on him.
Daniel flinched from me, sagging back into Reggie’s big, leather office chair. “How did things go so wrong?” He sounded like his heart was breaking and I actually felt sorry for him while he cleared his throat. “Life wasn’t supposed to turn out this way.” Tell me about it and cry me a freaking river already. “Carson started bookmaking a few months ago, despite the fact I tried to talk him out of it. It’s the family business, but he’s been legit for years. Went to college, got a law degree, even. But he hated it and when his father died…” Daniel tossed his hands. “You don’t care, and you know what? I guess I don’t anymore, either. Carson is dead, Reggie is in custody and Gary might have killed our friend to keep him from telling his wife he’s been shunting the gambling funds through After Hours for a bigger cut of the profits.”
Whoa, hang on. “Tough having a conscience,” I said. “Isn’t it?”
He bobbed a slow nod. “I swear I had nothing to do with any of this. I didn’t even want to come to the club last night because I knew Carson was going to confront Gary and blackmail him.” Despair aged him, his hazel eyes meeting mine, full of old hurt and new agony he didn’t know how to deal with. “My friends, my oldest friends, turning on each other over money.”
“Aiden thinks you were in on it?” Was that what their fight was about?
Daniel hesitated before shaking his head, telling me there was more to the story than he’d let on just yet. “What are you going to tell Reggie?”
“The truth,” I said. “That her husband and his friend were stealing from her, laundering illegal betting profits through After Hours and that Gary is actively cheating on her while, quite possibly, allowing her to take the fall for a murder he committed.” Just let me get my hands on him. Meanwhile, I couldn’t help the surge of proud excitement that rippled through me. Had I really solved all three cases just like that?
I still didn’t have proof of absolute guilt, but who needed that?
“Where’s the laundered money?” And the stolen funds. God, was Reggie really that blind? I was going to kick her in the butt for refusing to see who Gary really was. Love. She could keep it.
Daniel shrugged, standing. “I don’t know,” he said. “But now that Carson is dead, someone needs to find out. And there’s no one else.” He sighed softly. “I’ll dig into the accounts and keep you posted. Wherever they funneled it, it’s likely the went offshore or into numbered corporations. Now that I know to look,” oh, he knew before, but being willing had finally come into play, “it shouldn’t be too hard to uncover the truth.”
“And clear Reggie,” I said.
He shrugged. “Of fraud and laundering,” he said. “But there’s still a chance, Ms. Morgan. That she killed Carson.”
True enough.
“There’s one other player in this you should consider,” Daniel said, heading for the door, pausing with his hand on the knob. “Aiden Pritch manages the theater and the club, has access to all the accounts. If he wanted to set up Reggie and deflect interest from himself to others, he has the means to do it. Not to mention history with Carson.” He hesitated a moment before going on. “And there’s me.”
With that, he left, closing the door softly behind him.
Way to muddy the crystal clear waters, Daniel.

***

Chapter Eighteen

I debated my next moves, realizing that despite my little trip down back-patting lane, if I didn’t have some kind of proof that wasn’t pointing at Reggie as the culprit, everything I’d guessed at and supposed was just that. She needed concrete and I wanted that five percent and bonus, so.
While I didn’t entirely trust Daniel to deliver on his promise to keep me posted, there wasn’t much I could do about it either way except wait him out and see what came of his assurances he was on the right side at last. That covered the laundering and theft questions, but there was still the infidelity and that, at least, I could bring to her on a silver platter.
I just needed someone to spill her guts and I knew exactly how to make Everly do it. And not by direct confrontation, either. When I slipped downstairs to see if she’d hidden out in the theater, my quest was satisfied, finding her crying in the dressing room. She looked up when I entered, flushed and with mascara tracks down her cheeks and, for a moment, seemed angry I was there. Then, with a gurgled cry, she rushed toward me and hugged me like I was her lifeline and she was drowning in those guilty tears of hers.
Honestly? I hoped she choked on them. But I wasn’t going to say as much, not when I needed a confession from her, one I could convince her to share with Reggie.
While I highly doubted my club-owner friend would be initially grateful I gave her what she needed to end her marriage, and didn’t expect a second bonus for homewrecking, I couldn’t stand by and let Gary take advantage of her, especially if proving he was cheating gave Reggie the impetus to believe other, more serious, accusations against him. Maybe she’d even come to some conclusions of her own after she had her eyes opened.
Or she’d fire me and be on her own and go to prison for murder, money laundering and fraud. Which I’d have to live with if I did this wrong.
That’s why I tolerated and even comforted Everly as she wept on my shoulder, guiding her toward a pair of chairs in front of the long, lit mirrors in the dressing room, patting her back and handing her a fresh tissue when she released me.
“It’s going to be okay,” I said.
“Please, don’t tell Ms. Nolan!” Everly’s wailing request put my teeth on edge. Of course I wasn’t going to tell her. Everly was. “I know it’s wrong, and I never intended it to go very far. But Gary is so sweet and he says he loves me.” She trailed off, misery written in the lines of her slumped body while I sighed inwardly and resisted the urge to smack her.
“I’m sure,” I said. “Everly, you have to come clean. You know the police will probably uncover the affair in the investigation. It’ll go way better for you if you tell her yourself.” Like that, huh? Came up with that little argument on my way downstairs and though I worried it wouldn’t hold together spoke out loud like it had in my head, it seemed just as sound verbalized as imagined. Cool, maybe I was good at this.
Everly shook her head, looked away, biting her lower lip, but she didn’t seem like she was denying my words, just horrified by them. “You really think so?”
“It’s inevitable,” I said, with just enough Pops sorrow in my voice to gain a soft gasp from her. He had the best guilt trip tones of voice ever. Epic, and clearly taught me well. “Gary will try to blame you, you know he will. You’ll lose your job over this. If you tell Reggie what happened, she might believe you. I know I’d want to hear it from you, not his version of things.”
Maybe I pushed that a bit far. After all, if she really was in love with the scumbag soon-to-be ex-husband of my friend, she’d side with him over Reggie, right? I’d known enough young women like her, however, to see the self-preservation wake in her eyes and guess she wasn’t so taken with the married man after all.
“I don’t know what to do,” she whispered, hoarse. “Gary erased all the tapes that had us on it. If you hadn’t walked in…” she shivered. “Do you think there’s other evidence?”
Poor blind, wretched, misled child. Sure, she might have only been a few years younger than me, but there was enough innocence in her I felt sorry for her briefly. Like, a microsecond before remembering she’d had an affair with my friend’s husband. Still. I did have a heart. “There’s only one way to find out.” Hmmm. This could be a window of opportunity in other areas, too, right? “Where is the video feed recorded?”
She pointed at the back of the dressing room, toward a door I just noticed. “Aiden’s office,” she said.
Aiden, huh? “Is he around?” As far as I knew he’d left, though I’d seen him storm out of After Hours. Did he end up down here?
Everly shrugged delicately, so I took that as a lack of interest in finding out. “Think about what I said,” I told her, standing and crossing to the door. “Reggie deserves to hear it from you, Everly.” I didn’t wait to hear her response, pausing at the entry to the office to listen. Silence, at least as far as I could tell. I took a chance, turned the knob.
Locked. Darn it.
“Here.” I jumped and spun, only realizing when she handed me a key Everly had followed me to Aiden’s office door. I looked down at it, up at her in surprise while she dabbed at tears on her cheeks. “He hides it under the feather boa box.” She shrugged like that was common knowledge before turning and leaving me alone with the means to break and enter into Aiden’s office.
Which I promptly did. I was careful, don’t get me wrong. He could have entered and locked it behind him, so I didn’t just barge in or anything. But when I noted the darkness, flipping the switch to illuminate the small room, taking in the four monitors against the wall, the laptop on his rickety desk, the absence of anything resembling another person, I took a chance and slipped inside, doing as I thought he might and turned the center of the knob to the locked position.
While there was still a chance I might get caught, at least I’d have some warning of impending confrontation.
The video footage storage was a hard drive and desktop, easy enough to navigate and sort through thanks to a semester of film editing I took a few years ago. The system might not have been the same but the concept was similar, and I quickly found myself skimming through the available footage from the previous night and early morning.
Turned out there were only four cameras in After Hours, the rest positioned around the theater. I ignored those for the moment and focused on the club. One was aimed at the side door, Luke and Dante in full view, the next behind the bar, mounted high enough the bulk of the main floor was covered. The third sat at the entry to the back hallway, and the fourth at the top of the stairs, also covering the bar.
That meant no cameras in the private rooms, so no way of knowing who killed Carson. I watched the footage that Detective Rick Danone had obviously taken with him on the jump drive earlier this morning, of Reggie entering the back hall, Room B, leaving a few minutes later, looking furious. As she vanished from sight, the light went out. Huh. Did she turn it off herself? If so, why? She must have known Carson was back there. I fast forwarded past the pitch black footage until the light came back on and I appeared, twenty minutes after Reggie’s exodus, and entered Room B.
Okay, so now I understood why Elle Gordon was questioning Reggie. But if the light was out, there was an excellent chance someone could have purposely done so in order to sneak to Room B and kill Carson. I reviewed the footage again, more slowly, at regular speed, waiting to see the door open. When it didn’t, I chewed my bottom lip a moment, only then realizing, as my gaze fell to the timecode, something was very off.
As in, a whole three minutes of footage was missing. That couldn’t be right. I wound back, watched the timecode again, and the unmistakable skip forward of exactly three minutes. So, the feed had been tampered with. Whoever turned out the light to the hall had snuck to the room, killed Carson and, for good measure, broke in here and erased the footage.
Everly knew where the key was. Then again, so did everyone else, as far as she was concerned. Including Aiden, since this was his office and his equipment. And Reggie. She’d been the last one in the hallway, the light going out right around the time she would have passed the switch. If only it was in the sightline of the camera, but it was just out of field.
I sat back, scowling at the now still footage, mind turning while, unnoticed, so was the lock.
So, remember what I said about having warning I was about to get caught? Just not observant enough for my own good, apparently. Not when, as I inhaled and sat forward, ready to check out Aiden’s laptop for any inside knowledge into the rest of Reggie’s troubles, the man in question opened his door and stepped inside, freezing on the threshold with his wide eyes locked on me while I stared back in a stupefied trance.
Way to get caught, Petal.

***

Chapter Nineteen

Before Aiden could get down to the nitty gritty accusatory ditty, I groaned and held up one hand. Then promptly shared with him, as I had Gary and Daniel, who I really was and why I was there.
While the other two had taken what I said pretty much at face value, Aiden seemed less willing to do so, frown of suspicion making me equally frustrated with his lack of trust and a little leery of the first pair of accepting souls and what I now realized was a rather massive leap of faith.
Well, I had that kind of face, right?
“Believe me or not,” I said, “Reggie will confirm it when she gets back. For now, I have a job to do, Aiden, and I’m not going to stop digging until I prove what she’s paying me to prove.”
That seemed to placate him somewhat, though the furtive looks he gave his laptop told me he had his own secrets to hide. “She won’t be coming back,” he said, tone flat and empty, hands stuffed into the back pockets of his jeans, closed off and clearly antagonistic. “She killed Carson and the cops know it.”
“Because of this?” I jerked a thumb at the footage, didn’t bother waiting for his affirmation. “Or the three missing minutes from the security film?”
He started, paled, shook his head. “There’s no time missing.” Aiden no longer held back or kept his distance, leaning over me and queuing up the feed, watching himself before, at the flicker of time gone, he swore softly under his breath. He sank to the desk behind him, sitting on the corner, hands in his lap now, expression softened. “Why didn’t I see that?”
“Looking for someone to blame, maybe?” Time to prod him a little harder now that he’d relented. The guilty grimace he gave me told me as much.
“Listen,” he said, “it’s not just the footage. Reggie had me put that champagne bucket together, the best bottle in the house. She had it sent to Carson. Sure, Gary insisted, but she ordered it.”
“That doesn’t mean she killed him,” I said.
Aiden crossed his arms over his chest, belligerent all over again, though not aimed at me. “I arranged it personally,” he said, like that offended him.
“Just because you did doesn’t make you guilty by association, so relax.” I thought about it a moment while he pondered in silence, staring at the dark screen in front of me and the frozen timecode. “Who delivered it?”
He thought about it a second. “Everly,” he said.
That didn’t really mean anything either. From the footage, the champagne arrived ages before the lights went out and the footage went missing. I’d noticed it when I was first corralled to serve in the private room.
Though the next tidbit Aiden shared did give me a shiver. “I overheard the M.E. talking to forensics,” he said. “Before he drowned in the ice bucket, Carson was struck on the back of the head.” He paused. For effect? Maybe. “With the champagne bottle.”
Which also meant nothing, though he seemed to think it made Reggie guilty. “A weapon of opportunity anyone could have used,” I said. “And since there are only a few people with access to this room,” I waved one hand, realizing in a flash of insight into my own character that should have made me feel weird but instead gave me a thrill I was actually enjoying myself, “that short list of suspects might include Reggie. But Aiden, it also includes you.” And me, if I was going to name names. I knew I didn’t do it, at least.
More guilt, but was it over murder or did he know something about it he wasn’t saying?
Aiden stood abruptly and leaned over the desk, grabbing his laptop. “You’d better have proof if you’re going to start accusing people,” he said, before leaving in a hurry while I watched him go.
Was this how Dad felt interrogating suspects? With little else to do, and no one else around to question, I instead headed home, weary and ready for a nap, though my brain wouldn’t stop churning. I got it, then, the reason he loved what he did. Wondered why I never pursued law enforcement, hadn’t even really considered it. And he’d never suggested it, though I doubted there was an ulterior motive.
Maybe he thought witnessing Mom’s murder would keep me from wanting to dig into police work. Since the thought hadn’t crossed my mind, I could hardly blame him. Now that I’d had a taste of investigating? We’d just see where things went from here.
Mind you, I talked myself down as I pulled into the driveway with my head so big I was going to have trouble getting out of the car, I’d been doing this all of two freaking days and had managed to uncover pretty much squat aside from what Reggie shared with me and walking in on a few arguments and a passionate embrace. That pinprick to my ego deflated me sufficiently that by the time I was taking the stairs to my apartment, it was hard not to feel a bit defeated.
Reggie was counting on me. I was counting on me. And what did I really have to show for it?
Imagine my surprise when I found my place already occupied by an anxiously pacing Dad who spun on me the moment I entered. A quick glance at my phone, forgotten on the kitchen counter, made me groan when he held his up to show me he’d been trying to call.
“I wasn’t dead in a ditch,” I said. “Or kidnapped.”
He didn’t smile at the joke or the sarcasm. If anything, he looked even more anxious, though he did his best to hide it. “Someone stopped by to see you,” he said. “About an hour ago.” He let that hang in the air a second. Now here was a man who knew how to use a pregnant pause to make a point. Aiden was a rank novice compared to my dad. I was actually holding my breath by the time he finished. “Detective Elle Gordon would like you to get in touch.” He paused yet again. Nodded, hands on hips, face a mask I couldn’t read. “About a murder.” Dad’s jaw jumped. Oh boy. “At the club where you work. The body you found while investigating,” he choked a moment, looked away, then back to me, “fraud and money laundering.”
Well, crap.
“Dad,” I said. Stopped when he held up one hand.
“The detective,” he said, voice low and soft, a sure sign he was very unhappy, “would like to see you right away. In person. At the station.” Dad inhaled a long, slow breath. “When you’re done, come see me, Pet. We need to talk.”
He left then, footfalls heavy retreating down the back stairs, not closing the door so I heard each and every step until he finally opened and then firmly closed the kitchen entry. I held still a long moment after, heart aching, kicking myself for not confiding in him before now.
What a way for him to find out his daughter made some stupid choices and was now embroiled in a murder investigation. I really was a piece of work.
Well, I’d deal with it later. Because later was my favorite. For now, I had to drive back to D.C.
That half-hour commute? Gave me a lot of time to beat myself up, to waffle back and forth between blaming Dad for being mad because I was a grown woman, right? I could make my own decisions and get into trouble if I wanted to, and kicking myself in the hurty places as hard and painfully as possible for causing him distress like this.
He deserved better.
I was grateful for the distraction of the police station, the noisy, rather aromatic interior of the precinct only a few blocks from After Hours (naturally, because driving for an hour to make a five minute trip was aces). Dodging a pair of unsavory young men arguing with a uniform, I caught the attention of the desk sergeant who quickly directed me to the elevator and the fourth floor.
Elle Gordon waved me over to her desk when she spotted me arriving in the bullpen, and I joined her immediately, sinking to the chair across from her while she shuffled some papers aside and smiled at me.
“That FBI dad of yours,” she said. “He’s got a solid poker face, but I get the impression he didn’t know anything.”
I shrugged, hands clasped tight in my lap. “He does now.”
Elle laughed, like she’d done me a favor. “Always better to ask forgiveness, Petal. So, let’s talk.”
Maybe she was right. Didn’t matter now, anyway. I filled her in on everything I’d learned, from Gary’s affair to Daniel’s concerns and pointed out the missing footage.
Elle grunted over the missing three minutes, frowning. “Yeah, caught that myself after Rick decided your girl Reggie was guilty.” She sipped a cup of coffee that was clearly cold, the rim of the cream clinging to the inside of the mug, but she ignored it in favor of the caffeine fix. “Anything else?”
I shook my head. “Still waiting on info from Daniel Jeremiah. I’ll keep you posted.” That’s what he told me. So was this my fate, to be a go-between?
Elle sat back, eyes bright. “You know,” she said, “I get why you didn’t pursue being a cop. I do. Don’t get me wrong, I love my job. But what you do…” she sucked in a breath, grinned. “Way more fun.”
This was just embarrassing. I really needed to tell her I’d stumbled onto what I was doing and it wasn’t a real job and she didn’t owe me any respect but, instead, I pushed on.
“Is Reggie still your number one suspect?” There was no reason for Elle to answer me, but she shrugged like it didn’t matter.
“She is.” She toyed with a paperclip, frowning at it. “At least, my partner and my captain seem to think so.” Which meant she had doubts. “Whatever Daniel Jeremiah turns up in his own files, we’ve sent over a forensic accountant to dig into Ms. Nolan’s. They should turn up anything he doesn’t.”
“Including anything the real fraudster planted to make her look guilty,” I said, not meaning to be so heated.
Elle’s gray eyes met mine, hers expressionless. “Truth.”
“So why would she hire me to find out what was going on if she was behind it?” Never mind I was proving rather worthless, aside from uncovering exactly what the police already had. I suppose that should have brought me some comfort. “It doesn’t make sense.” I was not mentioning the fact there was a possibility Reggie hired me specifically for that reason—to provide herself an alibi because she figured I’d find nothing and make a mess and give her the benefit of the doubt.
Not going there. My confidence couldn’t handle it, not after the run-in I’d had with Dad.
I needed answers, needed to know the truth. I’d always considered myself an excellent judge of character. I couldn’t have been that wrong about Reggie. And if I had, I wanted to know it and move on from it, give Elle what she needed to prove it so I could wash my hands of all of this and go back to trying to find a real job and making my fathers proud of me.
“I want to see her,” I said.

***

Chapter Twenty

I half expected Elle Gordon to roll her eyes and tell me to go home and stop pretending to be a detective. Instead, she stood and guided me across the bullpen to a hallway.
I didn’t expect her partner to interfere, though, and from the mild surprise on her face, neither did she. But Rick Danone must have had his own agenda, coming between her and the doorway she paused next to, shaking his head, frowning at me.
I guess the faint respect he’d had for me in After Hours wasn’t sufficient. “You can’t let her in there.”
Elle laughed, soft and light. “I what?”
Rick hesitated, his obtuse confrontation not going the way he’d planned, apparently. “She works for the suspect.”
“I am well aware of Ms. Morgan’s relationship with Ms. Nolan.” Elle’s dry tone made my mouth pucker it was so efficient. “Get out of the way, Danone. You’re embarrassing yourself.”
He didn’t move just yet, but I could see him wavering. Clearly I was in the middle of some kind of power play, the young detective cutting his teeth on challenging his partner. I knew he was going to lose. Elle knew it, too, and likely the whole quiet bullpen was waiting for the punchline. Rick, on the other hand, had no idea.
Poor kid.
Elle reached around him, her gray eyes locked on his, and opened the door. She didn’t touch him, but she didn’t have to. As she stared him down, he backed off two steps, face set in denial, petulance.
“This isn’t proper procedure,” he mumbled.
“There’s a time and place for everything,” Elle said. “Get a few years under you. Then talk to me about procedure.”
He nodded like it hurt and spun and walked away. From the disappointed mumbling behind us, the gathered detectives watching the show had been hoping for something of a spectacle. Elle, it seemed, was a class act and I found myself liking her even more as she gestured for me to enter the now open door.
“Five minutes,” she said, nodding to me and, to my surprise, Reggie sitting at a metal table staring at us with huge eyes clearly bloodshot from crying.
I joined her, hugging her briefly, feeling her cling to me while Elle closed the door behind us. I wasn’t sure if Reggie would ever let me go, my attempt at a quick embrace turning into a choking moment of her despair washing over both of us.
“I’m being set up,” she whispered in my ear. “Petal, I swear it.”
I nodded, though not to agree with her, only to give her that sense so she’d let me go and not cut off my oxygen any longer. She did release me at last, hands shaking, crumpled tissue dark with mascara piled in her lap. She retrieved the top one and dabbed at her eyes while I grabbed one of the chairs opposite her and sat on her side, holding her free hand.
“We’re going to figure this out,” I said, meaning it. “Reggie, there’s something really wrong with your books.”
She started, tugging me toward her. “I know,” she hissed in my face. “Petal, the spread sheets you saw? They aren’t the same ones I’ve had access to all along. I have no idea what’s going on. I thought I had a handle on everything.” She sobbed once, low and soft and full of desperate fury at herself. “So much for being a businesswoman. I can’t even manage to keep the people around me from framing me for fraud and murder.”
I know I had no reason to believe her. There was more than enough evidence to at least suspect she was the murderer and had her clever hands in the rest of the mess. But I just couldn’t bring myself to accept it, not when she was so genuinely distressed and clearly at a loss for what to do next.
“Who handles the day-to-day?” I was pretty sure I knew but wanted to soften the intro.
“Aiden,” she said, surprising me. “And Gary.”
There was the name I was looking for. “I’m going to tell you something that’s going to hurt. A lot. But you need to know because there’s a very good chance your husband is behind all this, Reggie.”
She swallowed, looked away. “He’s having an affair,” she said.
Damn it. “You did know and you didn’t do anything?” I hadn’t meant to be so accusatory, but come on.
She shrugged, tearing the corner of her tissue apart in slow, thin strips, lower lip jutting like a petulant child called out on bad behavior. “Just don’t,” she said. “I’m an idiot. I hardly need to be told. I’m well aware I’ve been blind when it comes to Gary.” She shook her head, curls bouncing their own denial. “I can’t bring myself to believe he’d do this, though, Petal.” Those dark eyes met mine with a plea that told me she was arguing with herself. “It’s a big leap from infidelity with pretty dancers to murder.”
Never mind the thefts and the laundering. “Your husband,” I said, stressing that word so she’d listen, “is setting you up to go to prison while he runs off with your dancer, your money and, now, likely all the laundered profits from Carson Carrigan’s business.”
I watched her resistance dissolve. That had been my goal, after all, to cut through her denial at last. Thing is, I miscalculated, because I hadn’t taken into consideration the fact while I had a bit of a temper? Reggie was a firestorm buried under an active volcano.
“I’ll kill him,” she shrieked suddenly.
Just as the door opened and Elle Gordon walked through. Perfect timing. The detective didn’t comment about her threat, though. “Five minutes are up,” she said.
I hugged Reggie again, feeling her tremble against me. “I’ll get to the bottom of this,” I said. “I promise.”
My friend just sagged in her chair, hands falling still in her lap. Was she giving up? Did she pour all of her rage and hate into that one threat and now had nothing left? Well, she’d been here, trapped in interrogation, for hours. I’d be pretty wiped out, too.
I left, Elle following me, and paused in the hall. “Is this necessary?” I gestured at the closed door while the detective arched an eyebrow at me.
“Basic procedure,” she said. Winked. Her partner’s favorite word came back to haunt me.
“Where’s her lawyer?” I distinctly recalled Reggie asking for such representation, back up now about the whole mess.
“She fired him,” Elle said, “when he sided with the husband.”
Well, craptastic. She couldn’t go unrepresented. “She didn’t do it and we both know it.”
“She didn’t kill Carson Carrigan,” Elle said, guiding me away by walking off herself, “but I still don’t know if she was involved in the fraud and laundering. So she stays until I am.”
Frustrated, lost and knowing I was in such deep water treading it was going to burn me out before too long, I left the police station, sitting in my car a long moment, staring out the window into the May sunshine, wondering how I’d gotten into this mess. I wasn’t an investigator, had no training, was going to let Reggie down.
Realized with a sinking feeling in my stomach Elle Gordon played me. Let me talk to Reggie alone in a room where she could listen in, where privacy was not assured. What had she overheard? And was that why she’d allowed me to see my friend?
Of course. Everyone had their own agendas. I knew that well enough just from life experience. I didn’t hold it against her or anything, but it still made me feel like a fool.
Oh, and Dad. Lovely. I had to talk to Dad yet. This day was just getting better and better.
My phone rang, making me jump, and I flinched before I realized it wasn’t a number I knew. When I answered with some trepidation, Daniel Jeremiah’s voice answered.
“For what it’s worth,” he said, “I’ve found an odd account that’s been routed through a pair of numbered corporations with the funds stored offshore.” Just like he said it might. How convenient of him to have located exactly what he’d been looking for. “I know what you’re thinking,” he said, sounding tired. “But it wasn’t all that well hidden. Just enough to keep someone who isn’t an expert from uncovering it.”
“How much is in the account?”
“I don’t know yet,” he said, “but the last transfer was for $15,000 and there have been multiple transfers over the last several months. I’m estimating well over $500,000.”
Holy Hannah. “Did you tell the police?”
“Detective Gordon was my previous call,” he said, “and you’re my last. I really don’t think Reggie was involved, and I told the detective as much.”
That was big of him. “Thanks for following up,” I said.
“I said I would.” He paused a moment. “Carson used to be a good guy.” And then he hung up, like that was supposed to mean something.
If it made him feel better, great. As for me, it did nothing but add to my frustration. Still no proof. The account could have been Reggie’s. Hopefully the forensic accountants would be able to trace who opened it, however, and who controlled the corporations, though if the person responsible was as clever as all that, everything would trace back to Reggie, with the only exception, of course, being their ability to empty the account.
That meant the culprit had to be attached somehow. I felt a little better. Even the smartest criminal left a trail, and surely the police accountants were brighter than the average fraudster. I had a feeling Carson’s murder hadn’t been an original part of the plan, which meant it was likely whoever was behind this had to be scrambling to wrap things up before the cops found any evidence other than what pointed directly at my friend.
The second time my phone rang I answered it in a bit of a daze, mind still churning around the details. “Petal,” the young woman said, taking me a moment to identify Everly. “Petal, are you there?” She sounded scared, like she was whispering.
“Everly?” I jerked out of my moment of pondering, frowning out my windshield in concern. “What’s wrong?”
“Please, meet me at the club.” Her voice dropped further, making it hard to hear. “Can you come?”
“Of course.” She hung up on me, leaving me with a sour taste of anxiety in my mouth. Rather than drive the few blocks and fight for parking, I hopped out and jogged to After Hours, the unlocked door welcoming me inside. Everly wasn’t upstairs, however, only the cleaning crew doing a more thorough job than I ever could.
I finally found her in the theater, sitting in one of the few seats at the front of the stage. She huddled with her arms around herself and, when I joined her, hugged me tight with a low cry.
“He dumped me!” She wailed that as if I should care since she’d been sleeping with my friend’s husband.
“I’m sorry,” I managed.
Everly pulled away, face furious, a flash drive landing on the table between us. “I’ll teach him to use me like this,” she snarled, tears forgotten. “You have to take this to the police.”
“What is it?” I slipped the drive into my pocket without really looking at it, hoping it held information that would exonerate Reggie.
“Proof,” she said. “That Gary’s been stealing from his wife and laundering money through the club and that he planned to run off and let her go to jail for it all.”

***

Chapter Twenty One

It was hard not to bounce in excitement at the news. I held myself still despite the pounding of my heart and need to beam a huge smile at her, hug her, thank her. She did Reggie a favor, in my opinion, outing Gary. And now this?
Maybe I didn’t suck at this after all.
“Let’s go see Detective Gordon.” Everly could explain everything she knew. I stood but the dancer was shaking her head, shrinking down into the seat she occupied, glancing over her shoulder as if suddenly afraid.
“I can’t, Petal,” she said, voice dropping to a whisper. “I shouldn’t even be out in the open like this, talking to you. If Gary finds out…”
The implication made me pause, slowly sit again. “Did he kill Carson?”
She didn’t answer, blinking slowly, lips trembling, but I drew my own conclusions.
“He was in deep with Carson and the organization that funded him.” Organization?
“Do you mean the mob?” This was very bad. What would they do to Reggie? I’d seen far too many mafia movies to feel even remotely comfortable with such references in connection to my friend’s husband and his business dealings.
Everly did another shoulder check before leaning in. “Just take it to the cops. They’ll handle it.”
“What about Daniel Jeremiah?” If he was involved, I’d pin his butt to the ground myself.
The dancer shook her head, frowning a little. “Gary and Carson used to complain Daniel was such a princess. Refused to take part in any of it.”
Nice to know someone in Reggie’s life wasn’t on the take. “Aiden?”
Everly blinked like I’d leaped a fence onto a part of the farm she hadn’t expected me to go. “I don’t know,” she said.
“Or Luke?” Prod, poke, come on, Everly.
That flash of anger I’d seen before crossed her face, gone in a heartbeat but I knew it was there, recognized it. She wanted me to accept what she told me and not ask more questions, huh? What was that all about? She must have thought I was an idiot.
Well, no comment.
She stood abruptly, high heels scraping on the wood floor, skintight jeans and t-shirt making her look so tiny she’d dissolve in water. “Reggie’s innocent,” she said. “Isn’t that all that matters?” She fled then, leaving me to contemplate her part in all this because I was starting to wonder if her dancer act wasn’t just for the stage.
Elle was at her desk when I returned to the station, sitting down without an invite. She didn’t seem unhappy to see me, especially when I slid the flash drive toward her.
“I have no idea what’s on it,” I said, frustrated I didn’t have my computer with me so I had no means to check the files. “But according to Everly Hunt, this is proof Gary was behind everything.”
Elle picked up the drive, bounced it in her palm, before plugging it into a USB slot. “The dancer he was sleeping with?” She didn’t seem surprised. “Even the murder?”
I nodded, but the detective was already frowning.
“Except we have footage of him outside the club at the T.O.D.” She skimmed the contents of the drive. “And yes, I’m well aware of the fact if someone had been able to cut time from the footage, they might have tampered with the timecode, too.”
I had a thought. “What about Luke? The bouncer?” Dante said he’d been missing from his post.
Elle nodded absently. “We talked to Mr. Johnson as well as his counterpart, Dante King. The latter was at the door the entire time, on camera. As for Luke Johnson, he said he was in the theater, looking around after closing. We have a bit of footage with him in the bar downstairs, so it fits, at least to a point.”
“There’s a back entrance to the club,” I said. “Emergency exit.” The busted EXIT light had become rather convenient. “Luke could have snuck upstairs and done the job then gone back downstairs to set his alibi.”
She whistled low, shook her head in amazement as she read through whatever was on her screen. When I tried to lean around and peek, she shut off her monitor and met my eyes with hers narrowed and, for the first time, shut me out.
“Go home,” she said. “Thanks for this, but if what I’m reading is true, your friend is in a whole heap of trouble I’m going to have to scramble to get her out of. Leave it to me. Okay?”
There wasn’t much I could say to that. I stood on the street outside the station, hands in my pockets, frustrated all over again. Well, at least it looked like Reggie would be in the clear, at least where the law was concerned. But if she had deeper trouble—with the mafia of all organizations—Elle Gordon was probably right.
I needed to cut and run and wish my friend well.
Wouldn’t you know, I spotted Aiden Pritch at the very moment I decided to just go home and face the consequences of my actions? He was hurrying down the sidewalk in the direction of After Hours. On impulse, I followed him, almost lost him when he ducked around a corner into an alley. It was only the sight of Gary Harris coming the other way, tucking into that same alley, that gave me the indication I needed to slow and stop and peek and listen.
They were far enough down the alley their angry faces were clear, but their words weren’t. Gary shook his index finger in Aiden’s face, his own pale and creased with worry. Aiden’s grim reticence was a wall of stone and, looking furious but unable to get the answer he wanted, Gary snarled something before rushing off in the other direction, away from me and to the next street.
Aiden huddled in his jacket, head down, frowning at the pavement while I approached, looking up at the last minute, sighing heavily at the sight of me.
“What do you want?” He turned to leave, not waiting for my answer, but I spoke up before he made it a step.
“I know everything,” I said. “Gary and Carson and the mafia. The numbered account offshore, the corps. The cops have all the information they need, Aiden.”
He froze, turned around again, now pale and shaking himself. He joined me then, hissing at me to be quiet, glancing over his shoulder much as Everly had before nodding heavily.
“Fine,” he said. “Then what do you want from me?”
“Who killed Carson?” I was hoping throwing that question at him might shake him further, but he just shrugged.
“Take your pick,” he said, sounding bitter enough even he could have been guilty. “Gary, Reggie. Luke. Some random mob hitman. That’s what stealing from the mafia gets you, you know. Dead.”
Stealing from the…?
So that was why Everly was so afraid and Elle wanted me out of the investigation. I did my best not to show my surprise at the reveal, instead offering up a grim, grave nod of my own.
“The $500,000,” I said. “All stolen?”
He grunted softly, didn’t argue. “Try ten times that, at least in the account I know about.” Five million? Gulp. “Gary kept a half mil in cash floating around just in case.” You know, for emergencies. Wow. “All laundered through After Hours, squeaky clean and, according to Carson, untraceable by the mob or the cops.” He laughed a little, humorless and angry. “Nothing is untraceable these days. Maybe if they’d stolen from someone other than Reggie’s dad, but no. Gary had to keep things close to home.”
Gary. Choke. Reggie’s. Gasp. Wait.
What?
“Reggie’s dad is in the mob?” Okay, couldn’t hold that in, thanks. Just too much. Her whole reticence to join the family business was now so understandable any wonder I’d felt over her turning her father down died a quick and painless death.
Aiden’s scowl was enough evidence he was growing suspicious, but I didn’t have those kind of acting chops, thanks.
“He runs this end of town.” He paused then. “I thought you said you knew everything?”
Connections fired off in my head, synapsis making pathways to truths. “Luke works for Reggie’s dad,” I said. “Protects her and the club.”
Aiden nodded slowly, some of his trust returning. “Of course. So does Dante.”
“What about the money Reggie said has gone missing from the club?” Damn it, I needed to solve that, too.
Aiden shrugged that off. “The money she thought was hers,” he said. “It was her father’s. Gary cooked up some books so she’d think she was making more than she was so he could hide the cash he and Carson were funneling out of the gambling operation.” Aiden sighed then, backed off. “Listen, this has gotten way too hot for me. I’m just a bar manager. Sure, Gary was paying me on the side to stay quiet, but I never wanted to frame Reggie, and I had nothing to do with the murder.” He grimaced. “And now the money’s missing and Gary’s terrified because his only chance to make it right and return what he stole is gone.” He shuddered. “He’s a dead man walking.”
The money was gone? “Who took it?”
He spread both hands in front of him, denial written all over him. “Not me,” he said. “If I did, I’d be long gone. I figure it was Daniel.”
Daniel. Of course. “Thanks,” I said.
He shook his head before turning to go. “Don’t thank me,” he said. “Just forget we ever met.”
I watched him go, jaw clenched against all the uncovered bits and bobs that suddenly made all of this not only make sense, but much more terrifying. Reggie could have told me her dad was a mob boss. Nice of her to suck me into her mess like this without warning. Still, it literally connected dots and the reality of her success, of her association with Carson, of Luke’s protectiveness, of her ability to own a place like After Hours, all wound up into the realization my friend’s life was about to get very, very complicated.
Did Elle know who Reggie was?
Didn’t matter now. All I knew was when it came down to it, the missing money was the most important piece of the puzzle. Because if anything was a motive, large chunks of change were a great bet on murder.

***

Chapter Twenty Two

I could have—likely should have—gone back into the station and yet again dumped information on Elle Gordon. Except she’d told me to stay out of it from here on in and, frankly, with the involvement of organized crime (Reggie’s dad was what?) I knew better than to argue. I thought Dad was mad now.
Wait until he hear the whole story. Yikes.
Instead, I left her a voicemail, outlining what I’d heard from Aiden. It was possible she already knew of Reggie’s involvement with the mob, though her paternity might have been missed in favor of the theft. If Elle’s expression when she’d read the file I’d shared was any indicator, she’d been worried enough for Reggie she hadn’t known about any sort of family ties that might keep my friend at least alive until the truth came out.
Home beckoned and my confrontation with SSA Andrew Walker, which was why I immediately headed back to the club to check on a hunch despite Elle’s request and knowing I was taking a risk getting further involved. But I was involved, and Reggie was my friend. Besides, it was just a little hunch and if it made her life easier, and kept me from having to have that gut-wrenching and most unhappy of chats with my father, well.
I’d take the mafia over my dad’s anger and disappointment any day.
I was just entering Reggie’s office—at least I didn’t have to sneak around and pretend anymore, since Luke’s nod of welcome told me I could come and go as I pleased assured me everyone now knew who I was and why I was there—when my phone dinged. I check the message, surprised to see the response was from Elle.
Odd transfers in Luke Johnson’s account, she sent. Not the $15,000, but large sums, all cash.
I texted her back immediately. Did you get my voicemail?
Checking, she responded and went quiet.
I should have stayed in the office and poked about around my hunch but it seemed much less interesting now, especially knowing the man at the bottom of the stairs might be able to give me a reason for what Elle dug up. Which meant, naturally, the right thing to do (going home and locking myself in my apartment with a bag of chips and a new TV show to binge) was out of the question, since I was already halfway down the steps to confront the bouncer before I realized I already knew what the money was for.
“The cops know you’re working for the mafia.” Look at me blurting information like it didn’t put me in a terrible position with the gigantic man who stared at me in flat unhappiness when I came to a halt next to him. The least I could have done was pause on the final step and close some of the height distance. Instead, I put myself at a distinct disadvantage, hating as I always did my measly 5’5” pitted against the hulking gargantuanism of his easy 6’5”. It was one of the things that always bugged me about my ex-husband. Rafe was tall, big, though never intentionally dominating. Luke, on the other hand? I caught the whiff of his towering threat the moment I stopped talking and took notice of the fact I was alone in a quiet alley with someone who could very easily have been paid off to kill Carson Carrigan.
“Is that so?” His chest thrust outward, jaw jutting at the same time, hands in fists at his sides. “How’d they figure that out? You tell them?”
I eye rolled. I couldn’t help it. Sighed heavily despite the fact I should have felt intimidated. I mean, come on. Really? “Luke,” I said. “Your boss is the daughter of a mafia kingpin. You work for him. He pays you cash into your bank account. It’s not rocket science to follow that trail to the moon and back.”
He blinked then, clearly confused. “The moon?”
“My point is,” I said, realizing I was making things worse with my sassy nature but not sure how to excise that particular part of me and knowing now was a terrible time to think about altering my personality despite the fact it might keep me from harm. “It wasn’t hard for them to figure out. And now that they know, they’re wondering if the money was for services rendered. If you know what I mean.” I tried a conspiratorial wink.
Now, I’m not saying Luke was stupid. He certainly didn’t display anything mind-numbing in our previous interactions. However, it did take him almost thirty seconds to arrive at the desired finish line. When he did, however, his big, brown eyes flashed with denial so authentic I believed him before he even shook his head, large hands held up between us.
“I didn’t kill nobody,” he said. “I mean, I would have. I’d do anything for Reggie. But not Carson. That wasn’t me.”
Nice of him to be so honest. “I know,” I said, reaching out to pat his inflated bicep with one hand, noting how rock-hard he felt and how very vulnerable I was if he decided to take his frustration about the situation out on me.
Instead, Luke sagged against the railing next to the stairs, expression hangdog enough the fact he was in love with Reggie might as well have been a billboard flashing neon over his bald head.
“I’m just supposed to make sure she’s okay, that’s all.” He sighed then, a giant gust of air from a pair of massive lungs that ruffled my hair with the scent of coffee and caramel. “Her dad, he never trusted that creep she married.” Good to know. “Welcomed him into the family, though. But Reggie, she never wanted anything to do with the business.” I knew exactly what business he was referring to. “And Mr. Nolan, he honored that choice. He’s a good man.”
For a mob boss.
“Can I make a suggestion?” He nodded glumly when I drew a breath and tried a smile. “Maybe ask him to stop paying you cash. Either that, or don’t put the cash in your account where it can be found. Big red flag, my friend.”
Luke bobbed a nod. “Thanks,” he said.
I hesitated before asking my next question, but he might have been the source I was looking for. “Did you know Gary was stealing from Mr. Nolan?”
Well, that was a terrible thing to ask the bouncer/hitman/wise guy. It was clear Luke did not know and, from the twisting of his lips and rather raging bull-like huffing he was making before he stormed off, Gary was in for a very, very bad time of things.
Did I just make Reggie’s life better or worse? And Elle? I really needed to listen when I was asked to step aside. Still, that hunch… surely it wouldn’t hurt. I was in this deep, right?
But Reggie’s files, the new ones that had been added, weren’t available for my perusal. Her laptop was gone, either in Gary’s possession or already in the hands of the police. I kicked myself, realizing it was the cops, of course. I sank into her chair, staring glumly at the surface of her desk, randomly testing drawers but finding them all open and ransacked with nothing inside more interesting than pens and a half a candy bar she’d clearly been snacking on at some point.
No proof to be had Gary had Carson killed. If the time code was correct, then he hadn’t done it directly, but he certainly had access to funds to hire someone. There was only one other office in this building that might hold answers and I was already doing something I wasn’t supposed to, so what the hell.
The partially opened entry to Aiden’s office in the theater green room told me he’d run off like the coward he clearly was. Had he left anything behind? I wasn’t thinking, wasn’t being careful, certainly didn’t expect anyone else to be around. I guess having training in this kind of thing actually was a great idea, because if I had been through a course or two on investigating dangerous criminals, I might not have just barged into the office, coming up short with a little meep of shock, to find myself between a terrified Everly, crouched against the desk, and a furious Daniel.
Pointing a gun at her. And now at me.
Just awesome.

***

Chapter Twenty Three

It turned out they weren’t exactly expecting my interruption. If anything, my arrival threw a wrench in plans that appeared, at first glance, to have unraveled in a way unintended and only getting worse. Daniel’s panicked expression gave me mental pause in a crystalline moment of awareness so acute it was as painful as a bullet wound. Perhaps lost himself in his own world of surreal simplicity and hyper focus, my momentary misstep, rather than leading to the untimely end of yours truly, instead seemed to trigger his flight instinct. He turned in an attempt to run, despite the fact he had the weapon, a surprising reaction but one that gave me an edge. Since I was between him and his quarry, and near the door, our proximity made action equally idiotic and instinctual. My decision was made for me the moment he spun to flee the room. That intensity of attention I was lost in showed me in slow motion his falling hand, his divided scrutiny, the lowering gun no longer pointed at anyone or anything it could cause permanent harm.
I blame my fathers that, at that moment, their training kicked in.
Literally. My weight shifted effortlessly to my right foot, planted firmly on the floor, left leg rising as my fists formed a defensive posture in front of my heart, toe lashing out at his hand and hitting him hard enough the pistol went flying. My follow through didn’t land as I expected, though, the second kick barely clipping him or slowing him down, but I was satisfied that at least I hadn’t been shot and neither had Everly and wait, was my heart really beating that fast and I was still alive and not having a stroke?
Cool. No stroke. No bullet wound. Dad would be happy I was in one piece. Because Dad would be hearing about this side adventure over my dead body.
Get a grip, Petal.
Speaking of which, Everly made a dash for the gun, cradling it like a gift in the palms of her shaking hands, tears streaming down her face while she held it out to me as though I wanted it or something. I pointed at the desk and watched her drop it, heart skipping when I had a thought about impact and whether the safety was on and if I should duck and cover. Instead, the gun made a dull thunk on the wood surface, lying there like a threatening creature now dead but possibly a zombie that might rise and wreak havoc regardless.
“He did it!” I could barely make her out through her sobbing, already rather shaken by what I’d done, but my empathy in full force thanks to the surging adrenaline that got me moving and hugging her while she shook as though she’d break into a million pieces.
“How do you know?” Way to question the girl he almost killed. Chances were, she wasn’t handing me a story here. Why else would he be pointing a gun at her?
“I caught him in here,” she said, shivering, voice vibrating with it so she was a little hard to understand at first. “He was going through Aiden’s things.” She coughed softly to clear her throat, pulled away from me. “I know it was stupid, but I wasn’t thinking so I confronted him.”
I grinned shakily. “Sounds like something I’d do,” I said. “He took it badly, I guess?”
She managed her own faint smile, regaining control of herself, nodding and her voice settling into a smoother tone. “I didn’t have real proof or anything, but I figured he was down here for a reason, and when I heard him on the phone…” she choked on a breath, went on. “I accused him of the murder.” She shook her head at herself, dazed, shocked. “I still can’t believe I did that. But he confessed!”
“You must be very persuasive,” I said. Wait, was I annoyed she solved the case before I did because she blurted an accusation at a killer only out of opportunity and not skill or talent? Right, because I was so skilled and talented in the crime fighting department.
She seemed utterly floored by his confession. “He said he found out Carson was stealing from their bosses. Did you know they worked for the mob?” She whispered that before forging on. “He wanted in on the deal with Gary and Carson but they cut him out and he was furious. He said he deleted the footage from the feed to set up Reggie, doctored her financials. Got rid of Carson and plans to kill Gary. Gary!” She gasped the man’s name, though he’d dumped her, hadn’t he? Clearly she still had feelings for him. “I need to warn him. Daniel is going to kill him and run away with the money. The mob will kill Reggie and Gary both.” She was clutching at me again, tears renewed but totally audible. “We have to stop him!”
“Why did you accuse him?” I didn’t disbelieve her or anything, but that was a leap, wasn’t it?
“I overheard him talking,” she said. “He hired someone to kill Carson. An assassin.” Obviously subterfuge was not her strong suit. She sounded like she was in a B movie and was the next one to die. “He caught me eavesdropping.” She groaned at that, sagging a little. “Why did I come back downstairs? I have the worst luck ever.” Everly flinched as she looked out the open door. “What if he comes back?”
“I don’t think we need to worry about that.” If Daniel was the murderer—and behind everything—he had the money and was halfway to a non-extradition country by now.
“Petal.” Everly was visibly pulling herself together, though her hands still shook. “There’s more.”
Of course there was because she was the hero of this story and I was her sidekick.
“I’m listening.” Grumpy much? I hated it when things didn’t turn out the way I wanted. Forget the fact I was well aware solving the murder and Reggie’s problems came in far ahead of my poor little ego, but there you go.
Everly paused so long I wondered if she was in a trance. When she finally spoke, it was low and soft and full of fear. “I know who the assassin is. We have to talk to the cops.”
My mind flashed to Luke, Dante, personal failures put aside in favor of burning curiosity. “Who?”
“Aiden,” she said. “He’s not who he says he is.”
I gaped at her, though it made so much sense, even as she handed me a plain, white card with two words in the middle in bold uppercase writing, raised in gold.
THE CHAMELEON.
On the back? A phone number. And that was it.
“I found it in Aiden’s desk,” she said. “He’s only worked here for a month, keeps to himself, has access to everything, including Reggie’s books.” I knew that already. “We have to go to the police. Tell them about Daniel and Aiden.”
She was right. Which was why I pulled out my phone and, rather than calling Elle Gordon, did the one thing I shouldn’t have and dialed the number on the back of the card.
Leave a message after the tone, said a lovely, professional, female voice in a British accent. An invitation my inner smartass simply couldn’t pass up.
“See you soon,” I said, hoping I sounded ominous. And hung up.

***

Chapter Twenty Four

Just another day at the office ended with me dropping Everly off at her apartment, already on my way home. I should have been feeling something more than annoyed curiosity after having a gun pointed at me. But it wasn’t actually like the gun was aimed at me on purpose. Daniel held it on Everly. So it was more just a situational mishap rather than any real threat to my wellbeing.
Keep talking, Petal. You can convince yourself of anything if you really try hard enough.
I was expecting a conversation with Dad, of course I was. Distracted by the past few hours, however, the reveals about Reggie and her own father, Daniel’s lies and subsequent attempted murder of the dancer I’d come to like despite myself, took the edge off my wariness, blunting the grip I had on my self-protection and temper when it came to having this particular talk with the opinionated and rather over-protective person that was my FBI dad.
What I hadn’t expected? To walk into my apartment, head down, thoughts on other things, only to be corralled by my scowling brother, of all people, and marched back down the steps to the back door and the kitchen where, pale and clearly unhappy, the three men in my life proceeded to glare at me where they perched me on a kitchen stool at the peninsula like I’d mortally offended the three of them.
“We need to discuss what you’ve been up to,” Dad said.
“Discuss?” So, Pops was usually the calm and sweet one. That was, unless Jordan or myself was in some kind of dangerous situation. Then he went all upper register with his vocal stylings, that high-pitched denial of Dad’s attempt to downplay the beginning of the talk instantly hitting my hell no switch and raising my hackles despite myself. “There’s nothing to discuss, Andrew. Petal has been putting herself in a terrible position, just terrible.” Pops shook his head, almond eyes bugging out a bit as his fear got the best of him. “Murder and serving drinks at a bar and burlesque dancers.” He held one hand to his throat like that was the worst part of it. “Burlesque.” He heaved a sigh that was part sob. “She might as well be stripping, Andrew.”
He was kidding me right now. “Pops,” I snapped. “I’m not dancing.” Like that was going to help. “I took a job for a friend who needed me. The rest of it is just a smokescreen. Besides, I’m done. Okay? Happy now? The cops asked me to step out and I did.” Yeah, wasn’t telling them about what just happened because if Pops was on the ballistic border now? Fireworks would light this place up and no one would bring him down until he’d burned it to the ground.
I loved my Asian father, but he had a hysterical streak that made me want to shake him sometimes.
“Do you mind telling us just what is going on?” Dad had to poke the bear. Jordan, at least, looked a bit contrite for being party to this interrogation, but my FBI father wasn’t about to let things go without a full and exhaustive—and I was already tired—cross-examination of all the freaking facts.
Didn’t they know I’d just kicked a gun out of a thief’s hand and saved a damsel in distress while uncovering an assassin who murdered the guy I couldn’t stand? Sheesh, give me five minutes and a round of applause, not the third degree.
Wasn’t going to go that way, though. “I have it handled,” I said, the worst possible words that could meander out of my mouth at that moment. I knew it, they knew it, Jordan snorted his amusement over it. Bratty little brothers weren’t allowed to judge without retaliation later.
As for Dad, well. His slow burn had clearly been sizzling all day because whatever was left of his fuse had lit up and was so close to setting off the blaze I could smell smoke.
“Young lady,” he said, the worst possible words that could make their way past his parted lips at that moment and triggering my very own pending blowup/meltdown/bridge burning extraordinaire.
“If moving in here means you have the right to treat me like a child,” I said, standing slowly and deliberately, knowing I was digging a ditch I’d never fill in again and unable to stop myself despite my inner child shrieking at me to shut up, just shut up, Petal, “I won’t be staying long. Thanks for the hospitality. But this is my life and I’m living it the best way I know how. Like it, lump it, get your heads wrapped around it, fathers mine. I have a job, be grateful. One that pays very, very well.” At least, the last two nights had. “I’m good at what I’m doing.” Sorta. Was getting better, maybe. “And I’m taking responsibility, like you wanted.” For other people’s safety. Yeah, not what they meant. “Now, if you don’t mind, I’m tired, I’m battered and I just saved someone’s life while avoiding getting shot.” Damn it, Petal. “I need a shower and a snack and maybe a nap before I can even consider continuing this little talk.”
They let me go, bless them. Not one of the three chased me down or yelled in my direction or even attempted to stop me as I exited the kitchen and headed back to my apartment, head up, shoulders rigid, the picture of a woman with her crap together in one basket and carrying it like a champ.
That was, until I made it into my messy and barely habitable abode and collapsed in a heap on the bed to cry a little, just to let out the tension I’d been holding since, well.
Since forever. Leaking from the eyes was great therapy as long as I didn’t let it go on too long.
A faint sound distracted me from the hiccups. I stood, crossed to the door, opened it, not sure what to expect. Certainly not the large, orange tomcat, his stub of a tail raised, those green eyes watchful but ears perked and that deep and gravely voice of his demanding something I couldn’t translate.
“What?” I wasn’t polite, but he was a cat.
“Meow.” Why did he sound like he’d just overheard everything I told my fathers and brother and was giving me the piece of his mind they hadn’t had a chance to hand over?
“Yeah, well, none of your business,” I said, tempted to just close the door and be done with it.
The cat grumbled, licking one paw and cleaning his cheek with it before glaring. “Meow.”
Mouthy, huh? I reached over beside the door, grabbed the bag of treats I’d bought, thinking I could lure him in and now wondering why I’d ever want such an opinionated creature in my circle. He sniffed the offering as though debating whether it was worthy before crunching his way through the little pile. I stood there and watched him, weary, worn out, not noticing until he was almost done we weren’t alone.
It was the cat’s notice that clued me in, the way his head half turned to take note of our visitor, how he grunted his dissatisfaction at being interrupted before he did a rather portly and yet stately sashay down the steps and past Reggie, out of sight around the corner of the garage while I gaped at her and she grinned back.
I waved for her to come upstairs, which she did, hugging me at the top, looking just as tired as I felt, still in her shiny dress from the night before, pulling off her heels and sitting on my bed when I closed the door.
“Nice place,” she said. And burst into tears.
I sank down beside her, arm around her shoulders, just sat there and said nothing while she let out her own demons. When she was done, I handed her the box of tissues, noting she looked gorgeous even when she sobbed like a banshee while I always seemed to get that blotchy ugly that made me vow never to cry in public.
Jealous? Yup.
“I’m here to thank you, not cry on your shoulder.” She made no move to get up, however, seeming at ease and, to be honest, about ready to keel over. “They let me go because of what you uncovered.”
“Everly,” I said, winced. Reggie’s throat worked, more tears in her eyes, but she nodded.
“You brought the information to them,” she said, so firmly it was clear what she chose to believe. “So I’m thanking you, my friend.” And would never, ever, express gratitude to the woman who had been sleeping with the husband of the year.
I totally understood.
“I feel like such a fool, Petal.” Reggie’s hands settled in her lap, expression empty and vocal tone flat. “I trusted so many people and I knew better. Daddy raised me to be smarter than this.” She sighed softly, blew her nose. “You know about Daddy?”
I nodded. “Enough,” I said. “You didn’t tell me he was involved in organized crime.”
She laughed out loud, amused enough but with hints of bitterness that had to stem from a lifetime of dealing with a father in the mob. “I’m sure you wouldn’t have held it against me,” she said.
“I wouldn’t,” I said.
I think that surprised her, no more than it did me. But I meant it.
Reggie’s expression softened to sadness, but without the desperate hurt that had been there a moment before, hidden behind her need to be accepted, I guessed. “Maybe I’m just not cut out for business after all,” she said. “Daddy was humoring me. And I lied to myself, thinking I was smart enough for this. What a disaster.” She rubbed at her face with one hand, but when she was done, she was smiling. “At least I got to hang out with you a little. You know, I was always jealous of you when we were in high school.”
Jealous of me? “The girl whose father murdered her mother in front of her and was adopted by two gay men who kept it in the closet so she couldn’t bring anyone home just in case someone found out? You were jealous of that?”
Reggie shrugged, smile soft. “From the girl whose dad was climbing the ladder in organized crime, selling drugs to kids, running prostitution rings and getting shot at on a regular basis.”
Right. Fair.
“Listen,” I said, hating that she was being so hard on herself, knowing it was a mirror for how I was feeling right now and refusing to let either of us go down any kind of dark and despair-filled hole, the contents of which was likely a lot of alcohol and junk food and depression. “This isn’t your fault. You run an amazing place, Reggie. The theater, the bar, all of it. Awesome.” She didn’t comment as I went on. “The patrons love it, you target the perfect audience and the staff are happy. If it wasn’t for Gary—”
Shut up, Petal.
But Reggie shook her head when I stumbled to a halt. “I know,” she said. “It’s okay.” I worried for his health, suddenly, and not due to her father’s profession. “I was a fool about him, too, but no more. I’m done. And so is he.”
I really wanted to ask her if she was going to have him killed, but we were bonding and I didn’t want to ruin our friendship over justifiable homicide.
The guy cheated on her. Likely more than once. Justifiable.
“If his body’s in the trunk,” I said, “I’ll borrow a shovel from my fathers. I’m sure between the two of us we can find the perfect place to hide the body.”
Reggie seemed startled by the offer and then laughed out loud, peals of humor that sent her back onto the bed to shriek her gaiety at the ceiling while I fell back, too, giggling with both hands over my mouth like we were twelve and talking about boys.
Well, we were talking about a boy. Just not in a way that was conducive to his continuing existence. That qualified, right?
Reggie finally snorted her way to a halt, sighed deeply, sat up. I joined her, the two of us grinning at each other as she spoke again.
“Detective Gordon and that boy wonder partner of hers are looking for Daniel,” she said. “And Gary.” She winked. “Don’t worry, he’s not in my trunk, though if I was him, I’d be running and never stop. Daddy’s not a happy man right now.”
Either way they’d both be off the streets, arrested or otherwise. “And Aiden?” I thought of the business card Everly handed me.
Reggie seemed surprised by that. “Why Aiden? He wasn’t part of this, was he?”
I fished out the card the dancer had given me, handed it over. “Have you ever heard of the Chameleon?” Funny, I just realized Elle Gordon used that same term to describe my current job as a deception specialist. I guess lying about who you were for a living could go either way.
Reggie blanched, cheeks ashen, eyes huge. “I have,” she whispered. “Petal, 
Daddy’s been chasing the Chameleon for years. Everyone says he’s the best assassin in the country.” She met my gaze, card limp in her hands. “Aiden?”
I shrugged. “One way to find out.”
Time to call Elle Gordon again and show her how good I was at following her advice.

***

Chapter Twenty Five

After Reggie left, I had a sad realization, despite our parting good friends, which should have been enough. I wasn’t going to get paid. Everything I’d put myself through amounted to nada, despite having a gun pointed at me, finding a dead body, confronting a professional assassin, making my fathers angry and worried. So much for yet another failure to launch in a long line of diddly squat.
I did perk up when I remembered the $2500 I’d made in tips over two nights working at After Hours. Okay, so not a total wash. That money would be a huge help, don’t get me wrong, but I’d been hoping for a happy financial ending since the happily ever after kind wasn’t in my cards now or ever.
Making a real friend would have to be the moral of this particular story. Besides, it’s not like anything would have come from her payday offer anyway. Even if the missing money had been recovered, it wasn’t hers to share with me, ultimately. I was pretty positive the mob wouldn’t be handing over five percent of laundered gambling funds to satisfy their boss’s daughter and her promise to me.
Nor would my FBI dad be okay with me accepting said money. Not that he would have had to know where it came from, right? Oh Petal. This was a steep and rather slippery slope of excuses I was sliding down and picking up speed with every breath.
Which meant I needed a moral checkpoint, a guiding light, some intercedence by those who didn’t struggle with right and wrong. Sighing to myself, but resolute in my decision, I chose to face the musical part of the show and take my medicine like a grown woman.
There was only one way I knew of to end this day that had sort of worked itself out to a decent wrap up, if not the jump up and down for joy resolution I’d been hoping for.
I returned to the kitchen with firm and unhurried steps, walked in the door without knocking, found my fathers and my brother talking quietly amongst themselves, likely about me from the guilty looks that crossed all three faces at my appearance. I took that in stride, choosing to ignore their hasty cover up, observing them silently while they sat back from each other, further proof of their collusion. They fell still when I joined them, sat on the stool I’d vacated a half hour before, hands tucked between my thighs and body stiff to keep from softening in my resolve.
“You know how much I love you.” And I was choking up already. Excellent. There went Pops, teary himself. I hated making my father cry, but this was necessary and the bandage was coming off. “I’ve made so many mistakes.” Really, voice? You had to betray me with vibration and a faint cracking like that in just that instant when I really needed you to have my back? I was going for collected, cool, calm. Not little girl on the verge of a breakdown. Nice job. Do better. “But they are mine to make. You raised me to be stronger than that.” Dad didn’t acknowledge that fact, but Jordan was smiling faintly, looking back and forth between our fathers, and I knew from that look he gave me I finally found the right attack plan to make this work. “If I’m going to live here, I need to know you’re not going to be watching every move I make. I know it’s your house.” I held up one hand. “And that I’m here because you’re kind enough to let me stay.”
“Petal.” Wow. Was that a thickening in Dad’s voice? Sure sounded like it. “You’re here because we love you.”
No, I would not sob and hug my daddy and go all to pieces. This had to get sorted out and now. “We need rules,” I said. “On both sides. That we can all live with.”
“You know I don’t agree with compromise.” Pops didn’t, either. As an ethics professor, he despised it, said it only led to both sides being unhappy.
“So, we collaborate.” His favorite word. Pops beamed at me then, leaned over to take my hand and squeeze it. His fingers were hot, warmed my cold ones.
“Agreed,” Dad said. “But.”
Here it came. I clenched tighter, ready for the restrictions and curfew demands and all the boxes and protections he enforced when I was a teenager because, frankly, I’d needed them.
Instead, Dad sighed, shoulders slumping a little. “I just need to know you’re safe.”
Wait, what? That was it? The sum and total of Dad’s needs and desires?
“I am,” I said. Flinched. “This job was an exception. I swear.” I exhaled, feeling the tension in the room lighten, though Dad’s blue eyes lit with humor and sadness both.
“We’ll see,” he said. “It seems you have a hidden talent for investigation you never told me about.” Was that pride in his voice? Had I succeeded in making him proud of me? “Which means you may end up breaking that promise, Pet.”
“Not on purpose.” I shrugged, sighed, leaning forward on my elbows. “I’m sorry I hid this from you. I didn’t mean to. I’m just trying really hard to figure things out and this fell in my lap after I couldn’t find a real job.” That wasn’t as hard to admit as I thought it would be. “Who knew I’d be good at it?”
“Your mother was a famous actress,” Jordan said. “And you were always pretending to be someone else when we were kids, remember?” He grinned at me. “I loved playing with you. We had the best adventures.”
We had. Nostalgia for the win. I felt it bind the four of us, draw out the last of the hurt my sneaking around had caused, my failures had embedded in my heart, soothing the sharp bits and letting us all breathe, relax, love. Be a family again.
“Just tell me you’re not going to be a dancer,” Pops said, expression puckering as though he knew he was pushing his limits. “At least, not that kind.”
I almost laughed. “Don’t worry, Pops,” I said. “My talents lie elsewhere.”
“You really should try acting again,” Jordan said. “You were always such a chameleon, Petal. And you’ve got tons of skills, now, right? From all that school you’re not using.”
I stared at him, a wheel turning over like a cog making a connection, a spark of understanding hitting me hard in the gut and driving me to my feet. Because there was that word again and it finally made sense to me.
He stared up at me in surprise, they all did, and maybe I should have stayed put, made a phone call, instead of running from the kitchen to my car, firing up the engine, driving off toward the city.
Knowing in my heart, without a shadow of a doubt, who the real mastermind of this entire fiasco really was. And who murdered Carson Carrigan.

***

Chapter Twenty Six

I wasn’t entirely stupid about it. The gun was still on Aiden’s desk so I helped myself. Dad made sure I knew how to handle a firearm. Daniel hadn’t even disengaged the safety, so there had been no real threat earlier it turned out.
Now? Threat imminent.
I went upstairs, not surprised Luke and Dante were missing from their posts, nor that the door was unlocked. I heard a soft groan from behind the bar when I entered the main room, checked on the two fallen bodyguards, both passed out from blows to the back of the head. A heavy whiskey bottle had enough blood on it to be the weapon of choice, though I highly doubted there would be fingerprints for the detectives to find.
The Chameleon was far too careful for that.
I could only hope Reggie wouldn’t show up at random, though I knew once Elle Gordon got my hasty phone message she and her partner and half the D.C. police force might show up. Would be good to have backup, but I had to know.
Stupid, impetuous, ridiculous. What was I thinking, crossing to the back hallway, slipping into the darkness, EXIT sign still not fixed, though I now understood its demise was by design, a plan I walked right into. The bit of light wavering through the crack in the entry to Room B wasn’t from an overhead within, but more like the flickering pass of a flashlight giving the occupant illumination.
She was on her hands and knees under the table, pulling a panel off the wall, a black canvas bag bulging with what could only be the missing cash already beside her.
“Couldn’t just leave it behind,” I said. “Could you, Everly? Not when everything had gone the way you planned.”
She looked up at me, the flashlight’s glow casting creepy shadows over her smiling face.
“Petal,” she said, all pretense gone, black-clad body gloved and long hair tied up in a smooth bun. I wondered if she had a gun, held the one I’d retrieved on her, safety off. She took in the barrel pointed in her direction, sat back on her haunches, still smiling. “How did you figure it out?”
I shrugged. “My mother was an actress,” I said. “She was one way with me, but on camera, she was anyone they wanted her to be. I was reminded of that fact, that I’m a lot like her, not so long ago. Made me think about someone else I’d met that had talents maybe she wasn’t sharing.” I circled a little, keeping me between her and the door. Surely Elle would arrive any second and I could pass this over to the detective with a triumphant wrap up to a case that was way more than I’d bargained for. “And the name, chameleon. It fits what I was doing as much as a possible assassin. Aiden just didn’t fit the profile. But you? You reacted twice. Out of character.” That flash of anger she’d shown, the blank mask hiding rage. They’d felt out of place, and now I knew why. She hadn’t been hiding infidelity. She’d been playing a role as the Chameleon. “You’ve been orchestrating everything, including my discoveries of evidence, my interactions with everyone.” It was really rather remarkable when I put it all together. And discouraging I’d been that easily played and so naive. “Even the buzzing EXIT sign that annoyed me. If someone hadn’t called it out, would you have just shut it off in complaint?” Of course. “You probably caused the damn noise in the first place.” Naturally. She was ten steps ahead. “Thanks for the education. I’ll put it to good use.” Cheapest school I’d ever gone to, if the dead guy didn’t count. And tips. Right. The bright side of murder.
Everly stood slowly, second bag of money slipping out from under the table. “Very good,” she said. “Actually extraordinary.”
“You seduced Gary,” I said, knowing I was right. “You used him to get to your real target. Carson Carrigan.”
She didn’t move, but she did answer. “It’s how I operate,” she said. “You should understand that by now. After all, Reggie hired you to do the opposite of what I do.”
True enough. “We know who offered to pay me,” I said. “So who’s writing your check?”
Everly’s smile tightened. “This one was all mine,” she said. “The money, at least. Carson made enemies. I’m just taking advantage of the situation.” She shrugged like honor among thieves, killers and fraudsters was blasé and overrated. “Anyone would do the same given the right opportunity.”
Anyone like her, maybe. “Did you set up Reggie?”
She shook her head, eyes narrowing further. “That was Gary’s idea,” she snarled. Hmmm. “You’re welcome, by the way. I saved your friend when I found out. She didn’t deserve to pay for his crimes.”
Problem with human beings of the male persuasion, Everly? Certainly seemed that way.
“You must realize her father won’t let you get away with all that money.” I gestured at the bag with the gun. “He’ll hunt you.”
She laughed, clipped and crisp. “Morgan Nolan has been hunting me for years. This won’t change a thing. Though perhaps a nice vacation might be in order until he stops throwing people around and frothing at the mouth.” She sounded like she was enjoying this a little too much. Made me wonder about personal vendettas and what history she might have with Reggie’s dad.
Not that it mattered. “Why bother setting up Aiden? Why not just hang it all on Gary?” Again, didn’t matter, and yet. I found myself fascinated and she answered, so why not give Elle Gordon enough time to get here already?
“The footage,” she said. “I managed to delete my part in it, but Aiden suspected and when I realized Gary was caught on camera at the time of death, I had to improvise.” She winked, the bright and intense flashlight illumination giving her a demonically playful air. “He was easy. And by the time they figured out he wasn’t the Chameleon, the theater would be burned to the ground, the dancers gone and myself just another unemployed burlesque girl forced to move on to her next gig.”
Burned to the… “You were going to set fire to this place?” With Luke and Dante knocked out behind the bar?
Everly tossed her head, body settling into a relaxed stance that instantly made me nervous. I knew what that felt like because Pops had encouraged it every time he’d led me in my deep breathing exercises just before he kicked my butt on the mat.
She was planning an attack, the crazy woman. Did she think she was bulletproof?
 “I underestimated you, and I don’t do that often.” She sounded impressed, oddly, like she was amused and delighted by the interaction. “I have to say, it’s been a real pleasure, despite the subject matter. I’ve enjoyed our back and forth immensely.” Good for her. “But, the truth remains, I have a job to do and a reputation to uphold. One that relies on my identity remaining a secret.” I just bet. “The only people who have ever figured out who I really am can’t tell anyone about it.”
That was a pretty clear threat. “I have the gun,” I said.
She laughed. “The one from Aiden’s office? That Daniel threatened me with?”
“He knew who you are,” I said. “He knew you’re the Chameleon.”
She nodded. “He was so terrified, he ran rather than try to follow through. The coward. I’ll deal with him shortly. But you first, Petal. A shame, really. Under the right circumstances I may have considered taking you under my wing. But the daughter of an FBI agent just isn’t the sort of protégé I’m looking for.”
She’d lost her freaking mind. “You sound like you think you have the upper hand. But I might reiterate, Everly, I’m the one with the pistol.”
She flicked her fingers at me. “You checked to be sure there were bullets?”
Oh, crap.
I wasn’t expecting her next move, her foot lashing out, but not at me, while I fumbled to check the magazine. Her heel came down hard on the flashlight, crushing out the illumination and plunging the room into darkness.
I lunged toward where she’d been, but too late, cursing softly under my breath, spinning at the sound of light footfalls heading away from me. I gave chase, reaching for the light switch but flicking it to no avail. She’d obviously thought ahead, cut the power, damn it, just like she’d orchestrated the death of the EXIT light, right? I heard a door open, ran toward the sound, almost impacted the surface as it slammed in my face.
Audibly locked to the sound of her laughing.
“See you again, Petal!” And then, while I growled my frustration, spinning to stumble my way down the blackened hallway to the main bar, terrified at any second the place was going to go up in smoke, knowing she was long gone and I’d lost her, I heard the approaching sound of running feet, Elle Gordon calling my name.
If this was the part of crime fighting that made people quit, I totally bought it.

***

Chapter Twenty Seven

Elle Gordon sipped her coffee, sunlight streaming through the kitchen window as Pops handed her a plate of cookies. She accepted one with a smile while I did my best not to shoo my over-eager father out of sight. He was adorable and got the hint on his own, but only when Jordan appeared and guided him away.
“You have a cute family,” she said. “They care. I can tell.”
I shrugged, a little uncomfortable, though she was right. What was it about this rather hard-bitten but kind detective I really wanted to impress? “Pops makes great cookies. Careful, he’ll turn you into an addict and you’ll never leave.”
She stuffed the whole chocolate chip confection in her mouth and grinned around it. “Sold.” She chewed thoughtfully, chased the cookie with coffee white enough and sugar-laden enough to feed a family of four. “You think about my offer any further?”
She’d suggested, rather blatantly, at the crime scene two nights ago after her team uncovered Everly hadn’t escaped with both bags of money, that maybe I should freelance for her department now and then. I still hadn’t admitted to her this deception thing wasn’t really something I’d been trained for, so I figured coming clean now was the best option.
When I informed her of my deceit, she shrugged, ate another cookie.
“Kid,” she said, “I could tell you had no idea what to do with yourself. But your kind of talent can’t be learned. It’s natural. You follow my rules, don’t do stupid stuff,” she eyeballed me so much like Dad’s best glare I laughed, “and we’ll see what happens.” She sat back, sipping. “No promises, the captain isn’t a fan of private investigators, but I find people like you useful under the right circumstances.”
“What about your partner?” He’d been cold to me, clearly still holding a grudge after Elle’s quiet and efficient takedown at the station. Not my fault he chose then to confront her. It was clear he didn’t like me, though, warranted or not.
Elle didn’t seem worried. “You leave Rick Danone to me,” she said.
I would do that, no question.
“Are Daniel and Gary in custody?” Daniel might not have been the bad guy Everly tried to convince me he was, but he’d taken part enough in the laundering—had been complicit and an accessory—that they were both wanted men.
“Yes, barely,” she said. “I have a feeling they were both happy to see us. Though, if what you said is true, the Chameleon’s identity is burned so her value as an assassin is gone with her secret.”
Sucked to be Everly Hunt. Not even her real name. Not bitter, nope. Uh-huh.
Elle fished a card out of her wallet, set it on the counter. “Figured you’d like to have it as a souvenir,” she said. “The number’s been disconnected, account was paid in cash. Whoever she is, she’s gone back underground, though we do have the tech guys dipping into the dark web to see if they can track her.” The depths of the internet were home to lots of illegal activities. I had no doubt Everly would find something to do that suited her personality.
Yeah. I had to get over it. But she got away. And there were bullets in the gun, the magazine full when I handed it to Elle that night and she checked.
I could have shot her.
Oh, Petal. But would I have?
The jury was still out.
Elle left shortly after that, taking the dozen cookies Pops pressed on her as she did. She waved herself out, munching, while I hugged my father and left to return to my own apartment.
Found Reggie sitting on the stairs, waiting for me. She waved, hesitated while I joined her, sitting next to her.
“I figured you’d rather Detective Gordon didn’t know I was here,” she said.
“You’re my friend,” I said, feeling suddenly protective of her. “I don’t care who knows it, Reg.”
She beamed a smile at me. “Daddy’s pissed.” She tsked softly, laughed. “Wants me to sell the theater and club. I refused.”
“Good for you.” We girls needed to stand our ground.
“You saved my business,” she said. “And, in a way, my soul. I’d be in prison right now if it wasn’t for you.” She paused long enough to clear her throat, swallow, pat my knee. “I can’t thank you enough, Petal. But I can try.” She fished an envelope out of her purse, the thickness of it making me stop and wonder what could possibly be inside. “Daddy was able to access the account Gary and Carson siphoned the laundered money into. All five million.” She laughed softly. “That’s what really made him mad. I demanded twenty percent.” The envelope settled on my lap and she ignored it then, looking out over the back yard with a small, dreamy smile. “He relented, eventually. I think he was proud of me, actually.” That made her giggle. “Doesn’t matter. I’m not the crime boss he wanted me to be. I just want to run my bar and my theater and live my life.”
I purposely did not look at the envelope, now positive I knew what was inside and fighting a giant internal battle over accepting it. Reggie didn’t give me the option, standing and descending the steps, stopping to beam up at me. “Come by the bar tomorrow,” she said. “We’ll have too much to drink to celebrate my newly single status and have someone else serve us for a change.” Without waiting for confirmation I’d be joining her, Reggie left, waving at Pops through the kitchen window, leaving me with a moral battle of ethics I was sure my father would find as fascinating as he would terrifying.
I sat there a long time, the weight of the envelope growing heavier and heavier while I hugged myself and struggled with the implications. On the one hand, I’d earned this money, right? I did what I promised and while it might not be clean, it was honestly earned. Then again, this was blood money. A man died for it, died stealing it. And people’s lives were ruined in the laundering of it, gamblers and their families suffering. Okay, so I was creating scenarios but the likelihood was strong that I was well on the way to hell if I accepted what was in that envelope.
The ginger tomcat joined me on quiet feet, settling next to me with his fur slightly puffed against the cooler evening air. I didn’t try to pet him, figuring it was way too early for that in our relationship, though I did ask his opinion on the matter.
“Keep it or give it back?” I watched his ears flicker, how his big eyes blinked slowly, closing as he released a deep sigh and settled into his own cat thoughts like my problem wasn’t his.
I guess it was inevitable, considering my moral dilemma, that Dad would appear. While he’d become my compass for such things, well needed considering my upbringing in a life of too much money, adults without compassion or conscience, surrounded by alcohol, drugs and not much in the way of parenting to be had the first eight years of my life, it was really a wonder I turned out despite Dad and Pops and their seemingly unwavering ethical codes of black and white, right and wrong.
The cat looked up when Dad sat on my other side, then went back to ignoring both of us. Dad leaned into me a little, elbows on his knees, white shirt sleeves rolled up like always, big hands clasped before him. He glanced at the envelope, didn’t comment right away, but I could tell he knew exactly what was in it.
“I’m proud of you, Pet.” Did he know how much I needed to hear that? I rested my head on his shoulder, feeling empty despite my success. Dad leaned back, arm around me, cheek on my hair. “Sam and I worry because we love you. I know life with us hasn’t been easy.” This was far from his fault. Since when did he blame himself? “We’ve done our best to make sure you knew you were loved no matter what.” I nodded, couldn’t speak because I’d be bawling if I tried. “It’s been so hard, watching you find your way. Knowing there was nothing I could do to help. You need to sort your own life out, but I’m your father. By choice. I chose you, Pet.” He needed to stop right now, because the fat tears trickling down my face had a lot of friends waiting their turn and I was too tired to rein them in. “No matter what you do, what you choose, I love you. You’re my daughter.” And, the flood was now inevitable. I snuffled a little, vision blurry, chest tight, throat on fire, but I didn’t fight it, let the tears come as he went on, probably the longest string of words I’d heard him put together at one time since he’d found me in the closet in my mother’s bedroom, lifting me out of the nest I’d made of her clothes, blood on my hands, on my cheeks, in shock and broken by what I’d seen.
I’d loved him instantly and that never changed.
“I know you’re struggling with your conscience right now.” Dad leaned away, fingertips wiping tears from my cheeks. “And that the money in that envelope has a history.” I nodded, again incapable of speech just yet. “I’m not going to tell you what to do with it, Pet. And I’m not going to tell you who you can and can’t be friends with.” Like the daughter of a mob boss? My relationship with Reggie hadn’t really crossed my mind until now. But as it did, I suddenly worried about Dad and Pops and Jordan. Not just their safety, but what about Dad’s job with the FBI? Could I be putting him in a bad situation at work? “All I ask—all Sam and I ask—is that you’re careful and think before you act. Please don’t take risks just to pay a stupid student loan, Pet. Money’s not worth your life.”
“Dad,” I whispered, “you’re an FBI agent. You literally risk your life for money for a living.”
He chuckled, but shook his head. “No,” he said. “I risk my life for justice and truth and to make the world a better place. I just happen to get paid for it. I hope you can see the difference, Pet.” Now he sounded worried and you know what? He had reason.
He was right. Dad was a freaking superhero, his motives altruistic. Mine? Not so much.
Maybe my formative years were the real problem.
Dad hugged me, kissed my forehead, left me there to ponder my next steps. For a brief moment, I almost called him back. My mind, for some reason likely to do with deflection and avoidance, flashed to the folder I’d found in his desk, LUCILLE written across the tab. I’d stirred the pot sufficiently for now, thanks. Whatever Dad was investigating or had information on, if it was about Mom, so be it.
I was too tired at the moment to care one way or the other.
The cat watched him go as if he had no intention of leaving anytime soon, snuggling down a little more, nose dipping toward his paws while I finally reached for the envelope and, in a surge of choice, opened it.
Counted the hundred dollar bills until my heart skipped. Held my breath, wondering if the surge of relief that I’d calculated properly in my head meant I was a bad person, because I was keeping it. Well, paying off debt, that was. Because five percent of twenty percent of five million dollars?
Fifty grand. Plus, I noted, the promised bonus. Another ten thousand. Which left me with a cool sixty to save my credit score. While selling my soul?
Listen, my soul was already crusty around the edges, cracked and broken. And a few more jobs like this one? I’d be debt free and could start again.
I stood at last, money firmly grasped in one hand, reaching for the door. I didn’t notice until I’d opened it that the cat had risen when I did and the moment I opened the way, he sauntered into my apartment like he’d always lived there. I watched in astonishment while he sniffed a few things before hopping up on my bed, turned twice on my pillow, and settled down for a nap with his chin on his paws.
“Make yourself at home,” I said. Grinned. Laughed out loud.
For better or worse, it was time to take my own advice.

###


Want more Petal Morgan?
You can find book two of the Masquerade Inc. Cozy Mysteries!
RIGHT HERE!
Dead Even
Whitewitch Island Paranormal Cozies: One

Patti Larsen
Copyright 2021 by Patti Larsen

Find out more about me at
http://www.pattilarsen.com

***
THEN

I’m running, staggering, stumbling through the darkness, knowing he’s ahead. Alone. Doing the one thing I begged him not to.
It’s going to get him killed.
Panting breaths expel mist, the chill air of the silent forest engulfing, swallowing me whole, while the black beast ghosts past me, two more soaring by on wings. A shadow and his pale companion, gone into the night.
I’m too late, I’m sure of it, and yet I cannot slow my steps, will never retreat. Never abandon him though he’s left me behind.
He’s about to give his life to protect me. Why won’t he let me do the same for him?
The unexpected rush of power hits me, a blast of hot magic exploding outward with such force it strikes me like a blow, silent and invisible, bowing trees towering overhead with the same might as it impacts me. I’m unprepared, terror in control, leaving me open to the impact, throwing me back. The unyielding trunk of the tree stops my flight with a crunch of bone and bark. It takes my desperate breath, fading consciousness prickling with frenzied dread and the searing agony of burning power, as I claw toward the surface but fail, the dark taking me to silence on the other side.
All I hear is the rush of wings, the dog barking, barking.
And the sound of him screaming my name—

***

Chapter One
NOW

Who knew I owned so much stuff? Or that it would take up all this space in so many boxes I could barely navigate the rather substantial living room. Gathering things appeared to be one of my vices, though I hadn’t noticed when I’d packed up my old place on the East coast for this journey to the West and a new beginning.
Especially since I’d done so in a hurry and more than a little magic aided in the actual stuffing of my plethora of belongings into their temporary containment.
I’d told myself I wasn’t running away, almost believed it. Except, as I stood on the threshold of what was meant to be an open space with a spectacular expanse of the clifftop Pacific Ocean view (all there was to see from that vantage), said panorama had been so crammed with cardboard and plastic-wrapped furniture and the detritus of my last life I could barely glimpse the water. Surely such blockage wasn't an omen. More likely, I had to admit my rapid retreat from who I used to be really had been a bit of a scramble out of the way of everything I knew and my concerns about foretelling was just another excuse to avoid the truth.
I ran. So be it.
“I’m going to unpack the old fashioned way.” I glanced down at the giant, black mastiff, his huge, flat head higher than my waist, those dark eyes looking up at me with quiet confidence. “Take my time. Enjoy the experience.”
“Whatever you want, Mother,” Benjamin said in his deep baritone. “Will it be fun?”
I still thanked the stars and elements they’d rejected him from Black Hound Guard candidacy two years ago. That gave me the opportunity to swoop in and adopt him the moment he’d lost his standing. Benny had the heart of a sweet little boy, not exactly the kind of personality they were looking for in Guild Hades and the very reason he’d been booted from training in the first place.
My gain and joy. I grinned down at him, ruffling his fur, happy they didn’t get the chance to dock his ears or tail as was the order’s typical initiation for successful candidates. Made him look goofy rather than threatening, though his larger-than-average size didn’t help in the trust me, I’m a good boy department.
“We’ll make it fun,” I said. “Pick a box, Benny. Let’s see what we packed.”
His ears perked, tail wagging aggressively while he sniffed around the stacked boxes, but he didn’t get to choose. His giant head instead swiveled suddenly, soft woof escaping just as someone knocked on the door.
I guess unpacking was going to have to wait.
As I wound my way past the few boxes I’d discarded on the white and gray tiled floor, heading for my visitor and the kitchen door, Benjamin hung back a little, sitting within a few feet but keeping his distance. It always saddened me when he thought he needed to hold back, though it was in his nature to care that strangers—non-threatening ones, that was—weren’t instantly taken aback by his size and presence.
Something I rarely considered, I was so used to him by now. Did I mention he was a good and sweet boy?
The woman’s face on the other side of the glass seemed cheery enough, though I realized as I opened the way to her I’d forgotten to finish setting my property wards. Nothing overt, just a gentle repelling spell to keep my borders clear of unnecessary contact.
You’re already thinking ill of me, aren’t you? It wasn’t that I wanted to scare the normal neighbors off or anything, but I’d always had a penchant for introversion and this new start in human society without the surrounds of the paranormal powered meant special attention to my privacy so they didn’t see things that would send them running, screaming, and looking for torches and pitchforks.
Fitting in meant keeping them out, as weird as that sounded.
No luck with my present guest, however, the middle-aged blonde with her huge, green eyes and magnetic smile stepping across my threshold as soon as I gave her the opportunity, reaching out with her two hands, the casserole dish hovering hopefully between us.
“Hello there, neighbor!” At least she didn’t have that kind of piercing and irritating voice that could turn this conversation—and every one after—into torture until I was forced to take magical steps. “Welcome to Whitewitch Island.” She carried on rather quickly, turning to nod to the young woman I only just noticed at her side, equally cheery and with enough familial resemblance they had to be mother and daughter. “This is Holly,” she said, “and I’m Olive. We’re the Henry’s.” Again with the proffering of the dish. I reached for it with tentative hands, though the scent escaping it ensured the contents were surely delicious. At the very least, I could feed it to Benjamin and accepting a food offering seemed the normal neighborly thing to do.
Does this mean I have to cook for them now? I sent that frantic and yet amused question to my mastiff.
I think that would be lovely of you, he sent back. You’re so thoughtful, Mother.
That dog.
“Is that a mastiff?” Holly’s eyes lit up and, before I could answer, she rushed to Benjamin, offering her hand for him to sniff. He did so with the grace and elegance of his breed. That is, he slobbered on her, but she didn’t seem to mind, cooing to him and hugging him as he leaned into her and groaned his delight when she immediately rubbed his ears. Holly’s mother-matching green eyes met mine, wide and excited. “What’s his name?”
“Benjamin,” I said, unable to prevent my own smile at his happiness and her obvious love of animals. We’d get along, if that was the case.
“Holly, honey, don’t maul our new neighbor’s dog.” Olive eye rolled at me, but her perky grin told me she didn’t mean the chastisement. “She wants to be a vet someday.”
“An excellent career choice,” I said. Stood in the following silence, smiling and yet feeling the awkwardness grow between us while Olive looked at me with some expectation.
Mother, Benjamin sent, I think they’d like to know who you are now that they’ve introduced themselves. Is that right?
Legion and league, I was an idiot. “Georgia Drake,” I blurted, setting Olive’s dish on the counter before shaking her hand. “So nice of you to welcome us like this.” Fitting in was going to be more of a problem than I thought if I couldn’t even manage basic social conduct.
But Olive didn’t seem to take offense, her smile stretching further while she pumped my arm up and down with both of hers clasping my hand between hers. “We’ve been wondering who was moving into the old Miller house,” she said, “haven’t we, Holly honey? She was hoping for a new friend her age.” Olive looked around, blinking and smile fading. “Are you on your own, Georgia? Husband or kids?”
“Mom,” Holly said, clearly appalled at her mother’s forwardness, but I shrugged, accustomed far more than they knew to such direct questions. Normal humans were so careful with one another while paranormals tended toward the excessively nosy. Hard not to be in a society where hiding your truths meant lack of trust and magic made most everything impossible to disguise anyway.
“It’s all right, really,” I said, leaning one hip against the counter and watching Holly continue to give Benjamin the kind of scratches that meant I’d have a giant pile of black hair to clean up when she was done. “Just me, and Benny here. And I have two other friends, though they have feathers.” The ravens had flown off the moment we’d arrived, hardly surprising they wanted to check out their new territory.
Again Holly looked up at me with those huge, happy eyes of hers. “Is the white raven yours?” I nodded while she shivered. “She’s so pretty.”
“Conscio and Caprice kind of own me,” I laughed. “They should be home later and I’m sure they’d love to meet you.” The mated pair, one black, one white, were my only real concern moving to a normal community. Though I’d spelled them both—and they possessed protective magic of their own—if someone decided they were good target practice I might have to take steps and that would mean dead bodies and leaving Whitewitch Island under a memory erasing spell that would land me in prison.
“That would be amazing, wouldn’t it, Holly?” Olive clasped her hands together in front of her chest, her light knit sweater rolled to her forearms exposing a tattoo that had me frowning a little. But a quick and hopefully unobtrusive scan told me she wasn’t one of us, not at all. In fact, she was so human it hurt. Why then did she bear the mark of Guild Hecate?
I kept the question to myself as Olive spoke again.
“Sweetie, we should let Georgia get back to her unpacking.” Holly gave Benjamin one more pat and a kiss on the forehead to which he swiped her aggressively with his giant, pink tongue before she reluctantly left him to rejoin her mother. “Maybe we can take you for dinner tonight?” Hadn’t she just brought me dinner? I almost protested but second guessed and nodded back.
“Thank you,” I said.
“We can do a tour of Circe, of course.” Olive slipped her arm around her daughter’s shoulder, the matching set of green eyes and shoulder-length blonde hair over sweaters and tank tops and shorts and sneakers almost making me blink. “6PM? We’re just down the lane.” She pointed out my kitchen door to a blue cottage visible over the gentle crest of the hill. I’d noted it as my closest neighbor on the road that led into town. “Meet us at our place and we’ll walk into Circe together.”
“I’ll see you then.” I waved while they walked away, realizing while the visit was nice enough, I actually shut the door and backed off, feeling a little overwhelmed by all that normalcy.
“I like Holly, Mother,” Benjamin said. “She’s nice. And so is Olive.”
Of course he liked them. He liked everyone. I needed to take a page from his adorable book of sweetness.
Look at me, all friendly and accepting casseroles and living with normals and having dinner with the neighbors.
This had been the plan, after all, so I only had myself to blame.
Wouldn’t you know, Olive and Holly were only my first visitors?

***

Chapter Two

Well, not that the flapping coming from the open window in the living room heralded real visitors. The ravens lived here too, after all, their wings tucking smoothly as they dove in in a rush of warm air, Conscio landing elegantly on a tall stack of boxes, ducking his dark head though he was a distance yet from the cathedral ceiling, Caprice swooping lower to settle with a fluff of feathers on the upturned sofa’s plastic wrapping.
I smiled as they joined us, Benjamin trotting from the kitchen to wag his tail and pant his greeting at his winged siblings.
“How was flying?” He always sounded so wistful when he asked, his favorite question of the pair.
“Tolerable,” the white queen said in her lovely soprano, taking a moment to groom her right wing before fluttering it back into place the way she wanted it. “Water’s water, it seems.”
“I think we’ll like it here,” her partner said, croaking softly in between that statement and his next as though the raven in him took control a moment. “The island isn’t huge but it’s close to the mainland and there seems to be an abundance of fish.”
“Good hunting,” Caprice chuckled to her mate, shaking her head, silver eyes unblinking. She chattered her beak before fixing that intense and sometimes unnerving gaze on me, her head tilting to one side by almost half. “Lots of mice and rats, too.”
“Just stay away from people’s house pets,” I said, crossing my arms over my chest, grinning at the large birds who were so much more than they appeared. “We don’t want the neighbors coming after us because you two decide you have a taste for domesticity.” Literally. Though, neither had ever made such an attempt before. The fact most souls we knew weren’t just what normal humans would consider people exactly had a lot to do with that. But Caprice especially had a rather dark sense of humor despite her feather’s crisp white color.
“No thank you,” she insisted instantly, Conscio agreeing with a loud cooing. “Who knows where a sentient might be hiding?”
Fair enough. “Nothing else interesting?” Wait, was that my own pensiveness showing up? Had this impulsive choice to exit our old life been a terrible one after all?
“Not so far,” the gorgeous black raven said. “Humans are rather ordinary, George. Though, they’re also particularly cruel, so I’m certain we’ll find something to keep us occupied.”
Not exactly what I meant, so I waved it off. “Benny and I are about to unpack,” I said. “Feel like giving us a—”
They both chuckled and fled, hopping toward the window, Conscio barely wing spread when he threw himself out the opening, Caprice taking a more delicate approach, sliding down the side of a box with her claws scraping loudly over the cardboard before she nose-dived and headed for the blue sky above.
Chattering their laughter at us as they went.
“You didn’t really think they’d stay to help, did you, Mother?” Benjamin sat on his haunches, grinning up at me while I winked back.
“Those two lazy bums?” I laughed myself and shook my head, my long, black hair falling forward over my shoulder, forcing me to growl at it before bunching the pin-straight mass back into the rough bun at the base of my neck, already contemplating using magic to empty the boxes after all. I was fine with playing normal, at least I thought so. That had been the whole point to this relocation. No more living in the magical world, no longer investigating crimes for Guild Artemis, out from under the weight of my family’s name and standing. Just me and the flying and drooling playing just folks with the human locals.
I sighed as I once again took in the daunting task ahead. “I didn’t exactly ask you three to join me,” I said, reaching down to scratch Benjamin’s ears. “Tell me this wasn’t a horrible idea.”
“You know the ravens wouldn’t have come if they didn’t want to, Mother,” he said, so cheerfully optimistic I bent and hugged him, kissing his face. “And home is where you are.” He couldn’t really shrug, but I got that impression, tears stinging the corners of my eyes and tightening my throat. I knelt next to him and gave him a real hug, leaning into his warmth and strength and soft fur. “Conscio was right. We’ll find something to do. Won’t we?”
I nodded, let him go, squished his face because I could never resist doing it. Stood and confronted the pile of boxes and what amounted to the sum total of my life with a grim smile.
“We could always just start from scratch,” I said. Lifted one hand, prepared to do away with my entire history in a single gesture.
As someone knocked on the door.
I really had to get those wards built. Except, as I sighed my way through opening the door for the second time, I suddenly appreciated the fact I hadn’t as of yet. Because tall, dirty-blonde and deliciously handsome who smiled at me from the threshold was welcome to cross my borders anytime.
Oh dear. I’d been single far too long, it seemed, and it was starting to show.
“Ms. Drake?” What a lovely voice he had, all deep and sultry, with just the hint of gravel, the voice of a man who worked for a living. As were those hands, one of which rose to shake mine in that peculiar normal way, the palms not quite rough but certainly not the softness of the magic users I was accustomed to. His blue plaid shirt had been rolled up to expose muscular, tanned forearms, white t-shirt beneath a contrast to his faintly weathered skin tone. Add that to the gray of his large, smiling eyes, his square jaw with the hint of a beard and even white teeth and I was likely grinning with the enthusiasm of a desperate teenager in the presence of her crush. “I’m Sam Spencer. We’ve been emailing?”
Ah. My handyman. How divine.
(Yes, yes, go ahead and giggle, I could wait. Done? All right then. After all, I knew all about it and your teasing laughter wasn’t helping. Here I thought Benny drooled…)
“Mr. Spencer,” I said without making a complete flirt of myself (no magic involved, either, imagine that).
“Sam, please,” he said, finally releasing my hand. I instantly missed his touch because, yes, I was right, I had been on my own for far too long and perhaps not much longer…?
Georgia Drake. Carnal thoughts at a time like this. Really.
“I hope you had a safe trip?” He made no move to come inside, though I realized with a start I was standing in his way and, rather abruptly, (because it seemed awkward was something I could expect from myself now) stood aside and gestured for him to enter. He did immediately, gaze going to Benjamin, gray eyes suddenly wide as was typical of normal humans when they first spotted the mastiff. But, like Holly, he showed zero concern or fear, instead leaning forward and holding out one hand. “Hello there, big guy,” he said. “Nice to meet you, too.”
Benjamin stood, stepped forward, sniffed Sam’s hand. He smells like outside and wood and barbequed chicken, my mastiff sent before sitting again and panting a grin at the handyman. Can we keep him?
Oh, Benny. I snorted by accident at the comment then had to cover as Sam ruffled the dog’s ears while glancing up with a curious smile.
I couldn’t exactly tell him it was just something Benny said, could I? “Thanks for stopping by,” I said, only then catching motion on the doorstep, realizing Sam hadn’t come alone. The shorter, dark-haired man with him kept his head down, sullen expression closed as was everything about him. I didn’t mean to read his aura, but it was hard to miss the black miasma of old grief and anger that surrounded him in a faint cloud, radiating from him so powerfully I was surprised even normals didn’t pick up his discontent.
Or the distinct imprint of incarceration, and not for a short time period. Whoever he had harmed in the past to incur such a sentence, he held onto the despair of his term in confinement like he’d never let it go.
Sam straightened from patting Benny and turned, nodding to his companion. “This is Miles Williams,” he said, cheerfully enough it was obvious the two were as polar opposite as they came. “He’s been working with me the last few weeks.”
“Hello,” I waved to the silent Miles. “Georgia Drake.”
He just bobbed a nod, hands stuffed into the pockets of his work pants, while Sam went on.
“I’m in the middle of a job,” he said, regret rising in his tone. “But as soon as I’m finished, I’m all yours.”
I stared at him, knowing he didn’t mean it the way he said it, saw color rise in his cheeks and smiled at the reaction as he realized what his offer sounded like. As his attempted splutter to rephrase amused me further, my smile grew along with my interest.
How adorable. And such a far cry from the arrogant, powerful and conceited men I was accustomed to.
“That’s totally fine, Sam,” I said. “As you can see, I have unpacking to do.” I waved past the kitchen into the living room. He cleared his throat, nodded, seemingly relieved I’d rescued him. “I don’t suppose unpacking a new arrival is a service you offer?”
Again with the blushing and the stammering while I fought off the giggles. At my age, really. I hadn’t giggled in years. But there was a charismatic and genuinely kind allure to the tall, muscular man who coughed softly, grinning back at me, I really wanted the chance to get to know better.
A great deal better.
“Thank you for letting me tease you,” I said, lowering my voice, one hand on his arm. “I appreciate you taking the time to see me in person, Sam. I know how busy you are. Please, let me know when you’re ready to get started and I’ll have a list assembled for you.” All things I could have done with magic that would raise so many eyebrows it was easier—and clearly more delicious—to have him do them for me.
That’s what normal people did, right?
I had so much to learn. Hopefully Sam was a good teacher.
More giggling. Maybe this move was good for me after all.
“Sure thing,” Sam said, gaze going to Benjamin. He took one more opportunity to bend and ruffle the mastiff’s ears. “I bet we’re starting with a fence for you, big guy, right?”
Mother, do I need a fence? The dog looked up at me with surprise in his eyes. I don’t really want to be confined, is that okay?
Since he’d been caged as a puppy as part of his training—did I mention how much I hated Guild Hades Guard training?—my impulse leaned toward an emphatic no, never, which I sent to the mastiff immediately and with as much comforting love in my mental and physical touch as I could muster. I wasn’t sure if Sam noticed my emotional shift, the soft stroke I gave Benjamin’s ear, and it didn’t matter. Since I wasn’t sure how to answer his question without giving away the fact the idea horrified me, I let it go for now. I had research to do, clearly. While no sentient being would be fenced without good reason—criminal reason—did normal people corral their loved ones? How peculiar.
“Why don’t we see what I find and we’ll go from there.” I’d have been more inclined to invite him to linger if he’d been alone, though I really had no idea if he was single—he felt single, not that it mattered—or interested—he felt interested, divinely so. Instead, I nodded again to Miles, one hand on the door. “I’ll let you get back to what it is you need to do while I do the same.” I tilted my head toward the stack of boxes. “And we’ll talk again soon.”
“Sounds good, Ms. Drake.” Sam shook my hand again and this time I let my touch linger.
“George,” I said. “Call me George.” Looked down at the panting mastiff. “And this is Benjamin.”
I like Sam a lot, Mother, the dog said. Of course he did. Though as the door closed, the two men walking away, Benjamin paused. Growled softly under his breath. “But I’m not so sure about Miles.”
That made two of us.

***

Chapter Three

I didn’t even get to leave the kitchen this time, the sound of voices outside alerting me to a new visitor. I was already opening the door before the latest arrival could ring the bell, waving over his shoulder to the departing handymen, though it only took the dark-suited and broad-shouldered man on the other side a moment to lose the giant, commercial smile on his face when he turned to face me. His gaze dropped from mine to the huge dog at my side with a more typical response than that of my last few guests.
Nick Parks took a quick step back, gasping faintly, his fear palpable. I instantly soothed him with a whisper of power then withdrew it in an internal wince of regret. Sure, it was a minor act and wouldn’t get me in any kind of trouble as long as I covered my tracks. But using power on normal humans was one of a short list of things I really had to control if I wanted to live here.
And not be carried off some night by an inquisitor and hunter team sent to arrest me for illegal tampering.
“Mr. Parks,” I said with a smile, shaking his hand while he found his courage when Benjamin didn’t leap for his throat, though his smile didn’t have that beaming glow I’d noted on his real estate agent website. As for my dog, he sat and pretended to be smaller than he was, hunching, head down and tucking behind me, too late to back off and doing his best to be unthreatening.
Best boy ever.
“Ms. Drake.” Nick licked his lips, did his best to recover, shaking with what had to be additional vigor to cover his reaction because if this was how he normally carried out the traditional greeting between normals I feared for his frailer clients. “Welcome, so happy you made it safe, sorry I wasn’t here when you arrived, you found your keys?” I had to blink and sort through everything he’d said so rapid-fire I was the breathless one while nodding because it seemed the thing to do and satisfied him, apparently, because he carried on, a little more slowly this time. “My deepest apologies. I was with another client on the mainland.” He finally dropped my hand, taking another quick, nervous glance at Benjamin. “Nice dog.”
“He is,” I said, hoping my soothing pat for the mastiff reassured both him and the real estate agent who’d sold me my new home. “Benjamin wouldn’t hurt anyone, I assure you.”
“Good deterrent,” Nick said, going macho on me, how quaint. “Big dog, single woman, great choice.” If only he knew just how terrible a life choice it would be for anyone to try to break into my home or do me harm. Consequences that would have nothing to do with my dog, either. “I just wanted to pop by and make sure you have what you need.” He glanced at his watch.
I think that means he’s in a hurry, Mother, Benjamin sent. I don’t think he likes me. Does he want to go because of me?
No, Benny, I sent, fixed smile tight. He’s just busy. And a bit of a jerk, but that wasn’t a surprise since I’d gotten that impression from the moment I hired him. Not that I needed him to impress me. Now that our transaction was complete, hopefully this would be our final interaction.
“I have everything I require,” I said. Waited for him to leave because we were done, weren’t we?
“Well,” Nick said after a long pause that actually hurt a little it was so uncomfortable—who was I becoming?—smile now fighting for that same confidence. “Nice doing business with you, Ms. Drake. If you need anything further.” Was there supposed to be more to that sentence? Some kind of offer, perhaps? Nick’s discomfort only seemed to grow, probably because Benjamin finally looked out from behind me, opening his mouth to pant.
Nick actually took a step back. I sniffed internally, not exactly labeling him a coward, but close enough. An estimation that only decreased as he tripped over something and let out a girlish squeal of shock, backpedaling while I stared and fought off a truly insulting laugh.
Looked down to find a small snake had slithered across the path and was now hurrying its wriggling way out of sight into the grass.
Nick didn’t even try to hide his fear this time, sweat breaking out on his face as he pulled free his pocket square and dabbed at his upper lip. “I hate snakes.”
Indeed. “Thank you for your assistance in the sale,” I said, now closing the door. “Have a nice day, Mr. Parks.” He stared, fish lipping and stammering a little as I firmly closed the entry on his ebbing panic. Hesitated while I thought about my chilly wrap up. “Was that too cold, do you think? Or should I have offered some comfort to his worry, perhaps?”
Benjamin licked my hand. “I’m sure he’s a nice person, Mother,” the mastiff said, “but it’s a good thing he’s gone.”
I laughed. “Benny, my darling, I think you’re right.”
You better believe I took the next half hour to duck outside and circle the house, laying my wards and repelling spells, adding in a few tidbits of protection and the odd sniff at magical detection. The last I was fairly certain wouldn’t be necessary, but one never knew when paranormal persons of any race might decide to come knocking. Or try to knock, as it were. I’d been an inquisitor for many years, since I was eighteen, and had made enough enemies along the way I had no illusions about my safety if any number of them managed somehow to escape confinement. Not likely, but nothing was a surety these days.
Finally done, I returned inside, Benjamin padding next to me, facing off yet again with the giant wall of who I used to be waiting for my time and attention.
“It’s almost 5PM, Mother,” my mastiff said, saving me from myself. “You know how long it takes you to get ready.” Why, the cheeky devil. “You wouldn’t want to keep Olive and Holly waiting.”
Saved by dinner with neighbors? Perhaps this was a good thing after all.
I hated to leave him home, kissing his nose and digging out three of his favorite toys, leaving him on the giant dog bed I’d bought him, snuggling his big, pink elephant with a fresh bone to gnaw, content enough, I suppose, not to warrant the guilt I felt leaving him behind. It was weird to, though. Benjamin came with me everywhere in my previous life, as much my partner in the field as the ravens and—
No. I wouldn’t think of Elias tonight. My hunter partner was gone and I’d shed enough tears at his passing already. He’d made his choice and this was mine.
Enough.
I strode down the lane with my head high, shoulders back, my favorite pink silk shawl around my shoulders, kind of loving the flow of the long, flowered summer dress and freedom of platform sandals, a far cry from the typical black suit it felt like I’d lived in for two decades. I’d given up many opportunities to attend events with my family that would allow for more feminine dress in favor of the work, work I loved, work that consumed my life by choice.
Work I’d given up forever now. No regrets.
Not yet, at least.
They were waiting for me at the end of their walkway, Olive’s smile matching Holly’s, though the younger seemed disappointed I hadn’t brought my dog with me.
“It’s permitted?” Had I known that…
“We’re eating on the patio tonight,” Olive said, turning and leading the way down the lane, a lovely flower-edged two-way street that felt less as a typical road and more like a carefully crafted fantasy of how an English country drive should appear. “No one minds dogs here, not at all. In fact, the local coffee shop has an outdoor area specifically for pet owners.” That was lovely to hear. While they weren’t sentient, maybe Benjamin might have the chance to make a few friends. Not likely, since the conversation would be terribly one sided (snort), but play was always possible and, who knew? Our kind were everywhere in ones and twos and even small families.
“I’ll bring him next time,” I said with a smile, walking next to Olive, Holly on her other side, the pair in their own summer attire, though Olive’s flowing blue skirt and star-printed halter top, sweater over one arm held no resemblance to Holly’s white shorts, sneakers and black t-shirt.
“If you ever need someone to walk him.” Holly cut off abruptly as her mother gave her a look, but I smiled encouragingly.
“Benny would love that,” I said, both mother and daughter smiling at that assurance.
Our little lane ended as we neared the intersection taking us downtown, a short five-minute walk to Circe’s main street of brick storefronts and lovely period buildings, some painted in bright colors and the space between filled with strung lights dangling between rooftops that reminded me of visiting with the Seelie court. Circe had clearly been built for pedestrians, wide sidewalks embedded with stone flowers and cheery signs over each storefront beautifully crafted.
“We thought a tour after dinner?” I nodded at Olive’s suggestion, crossing the street when they did so, joining them on the patio of a lively restaurant already filled with patrons. Fortunately, Olive had thought ahead and our reserved table awaited us. I’d had a few opportunities to eat in normal human establishments, so the narrow variety presented didn’t surprise me. Not having to supply meals of sufficient variance to appease gnomes, gargoyles, witches, Fae and any number of paranormal folk certainly made things less interesting when it came to reading a menu, though how they managed in the kitchen without power was more magical to me than the real thing.
Perhaps that would be something for me to learn, a new skill to acquire, though I wasn’t even sure where to start to learn to cook.
As for the surroundings, I had to admit I was delighted by the lovely setup, the soft breeze from the ocean, more hanging lights adding a touch of mystery to the space. And, as I settled into my seat and perused the offerings, I realized I was rather looking forward to getting to know these two normals.
Imagine that. Now, as long as I didn’t get bored and go looking for some excitement I wasn’t prepared to handle…
Georgia Drake. You had to go and ask for it.

***

Chapter Four

See, I knew better than to trigger the Fates. They still had a grudge against me, though I’d apologized at least a dozen times for the misunderstanding the last time we met. Not to mention their particular sense of humor wasn’t exactly like everyone else’s.
And yet I had to give them an opening, didn’t I?
“Everything is delicious here,” Olive gushed. Then asked, “So, what do you do for a living, Georgia?” Because somehow the two were related in her mind, was that it? Or perhaps she simply blurted everything that she thought of, which was going to be an interesting experience.
“I’m an inquisitor,” I said, not even thinking. Stopped. “Was.”
They both stared at me blankly and I realized I’d stepped in it. What was the human term? “Investigator,” I corrected again. Thought about it another second and offered a third alternative. “Detective?”
Lights came on, dinging sounds not exactly audible but close enough as Holly jabbed her mother in the ribs with one elbow and grinned before winking at me.
“Don’t tell the sheriff,” she giggled. Olive shushed her a little but smiled back as Holly went on to me leaning across the table to whisper in a voice that carried regardless of her attempt at clandestine communication. “Harriet Quinn will love you,” she said. “From the moment she took office she’s acted like she’s a real detective.”
Their sheriff wasn’t a trained investigator? “How odd,” I murmured out loud. I knew human society had its quirks, but who would hire someone who didn’t know the first thing about enforcement and inquiry to fill a position requiring those very talents?
“She’ll talk your ear off.” Holly sniggered again, her teenaged reaction to the pending reveal of my former status clearly amusing her greatly, though I wasn’t so sure I shared her sentiment. What if the sheriff instead saw me as some kind of threat? The last thing I needed was local police holding a grudge.
“Now, Holly,” Olive said, smiling at someone as they walked by. I glanced up while she carried on, noting my real estate agent, Nick Parks, hurrying toward a table at the edge of the patio, the loudly rambunctious greeting he received from his companions making it hard to hear for a moment. Clearly they were all old friends, handshakes and hugs all around, though one older man sat with them, a bit of an outsider visually. “Harry’s just enthusiastic about her job.” Olive glanced over her shoulder at the rowdy collective of men and women when she noticed me looking before wrinkling her nose with a little head toss at the noise that settled somewhat when Nick took his seat. “She takes her position very seriously.”
“Right,” Holly eye rolled. “Chasing kids from the cliffs and picking up drunk tourists and interrupting ding-dong-dash is real crime fighting.” Holly’s huge eyes met mine again. “I bet you’ve seen way worse stuff, haven’t you, Georgia?”
She would never know the truth of it, because that would mean revealing I wasn’t the kind of detective she was used to seeing on TV or in the movies. In fact, my stories would terrify her and possibly drive her insane, so best to keep them to myself.
Instead of replying, I chose to change the subject before either of them could ask the obvious question of why I was no longer employed in my career of choice. “How about you, Olive?” I accepted the glass of red wine the young waitress set in front of me with a gracious smile before sampling the vintage and sighing a soft spell over it to improve the flavor somewhat as my neighbor answered with her own enthusiasm.
“I’m a psychic medium,” Olive said, and it took everything in my power—power I had and she clearly didn’t—not to snort my drink out my nose. Instead, I managed to contain my mirth but couldn’t stop the eyebrow rise nor the widening of my gaze at her casual statement. “Yes,” she waved at me, shrugging, “I know. Especially since you were a police officer. I completely understand your skepticism. I’ve lived with doubt my whole life, Georgia, so you don’t have to try to hide it from me.”
I drew a slow breath before answering, allowing what she’d just said to settle in, erasing my initial reaction, Holly’s faint embarrassment visible in the tension in her face and body. Of anyone, I should have been the most understanding, considering my own abilities. It wasn’t that I didn’t believe. In fact, I had friends in Guild Hecate, foreseers, clairvoyants and those who could redact the mind into healing, necromancers galore in Guild Hades and even hunters in my own Guild Artemis gifted with farsight that allowed them to observe suspects from great distances. It wasn’t, then, the talent itself that had me amused, but the claim of it from this clearly normal and ordinary human.
During that breath, I scanned her more closely, more carefully. Perhaps she shielded, was one of us to a degree and I’d missed her spark. But no, there was nothing there, only an ordinary—if kindly and compassionate—human spirit winked back at me.
And yet, she carried her assurance of power so confidently but without ego, surrounding it in her particular genuine acceptance, I couldn’t bring myself to naysay or ridicule her, even in my mind.
“I believe,” I said then, “there are those in this world who see things differently than the rest of us.” Truth, even carefully constructed out of bits and pieces, felt like the best way to go. “And I believe there is more to life and death than tradition teaches.” My vagueness of term, though a workaround the facts I already knew, seemed sufficient to make Holly relax and Olive nod a single slow acknowledgment of my words. “It is arrogance alone that dictates reality can only be seen and felt.” That much I did believe with all my heart. “How long have you practiced?”
“All my life,” Olive said, slipping into her sweater as a breeze came up. “It was never something I pursued but when I reached my teens, around Holly’s age,” she reached out and stroked her daughter’s hair, “it became so powerful I couldn’t ignore it anymore. I tried.” She laughed at that, tucking her own long, blonde hair behind one ear, voice soft but firm. “I didn’t want to be different.” I could accept that, as well, my own disconnect from my family acutely poignant as she spoke again. “But after Holly was born, I realized this was a gift, not a curse. I was given it to help others. So, I’ve dedicated myself to the path chosen for me and I haven’t looked back.”
She might have been deluded, but she certainly seemed sane enough and courageous in her decision to choose a road less traveled for her kind.
A surge of laughter and loud cheering from Nick’s table caught all our attention, Holly sighing the heavy, angsty sigh of an irritated teen. “Someone should tell them they aren’t the only people having dinner.”
Olive squeezed her hand. “Now, sweetie, there’s nothing wrong with enjoying yourself. Besides, isn’t that Tommy Cooper on the right side?”
Holly leaned over her mother to look, then shrugged. “Yeah,” she said.
“Dr. Cooper is our local veterinarian,” Olive told me, beaming a smile at her daughter. “Holly’s been volunteering with him after school.”
“That’s an excellent idea,” I said, thinking of my own time lingering in the halls of Guild Artemis at her age, the pull to don the dark suit of an inquisitor, to partner with one of the rather feral but always interesting and alluring hunters a dream I’d carried since I’d first encountered a pair when I was young. I’d had to sneak my unofficial apprenticeship, welcomed by the normally reserved and secretive order’s members as though they recognized me as a kindred spirit. Which only triggered sadness as I thought about what I’d given up leaving my beloved guild. “The best way to integrate and explore your path is to experience it first-hand.”
Holly’s grin returned. “It’s so cool,” she said. “He lets me watch surgeries and everything.”
Her aura lit up, bright yellows and pinks and sparkling whites. “Sounds like you’re on the right track,” I said, whispering a little spell into her energy. Nothing anyone would find unless they dug deep. But the lovely girl before me deserved her journey to her dream to be easy and her lifelong passion rewarded.
Right?
Another round of laughter had me curious now. “Old friends?”
“High school friends,” Olive said. “This is a small island.” She shrugged. “They were all in my graduating class.” That didn’t sound like the most positive experience, her own aura shifting slightly out of joy and self-possession and into some old resentment. “The boys all played football together.” She nodded at the older gentlemen. “Tommy’s dad, Austin, was our sheriff for years, retired almost four years ago, and Harriet took over.” 
“Speak of the devil,” Holly whispered, pointing. I couldn’t help but swivel in my seat to look in the indicated direction, at this juncture as amused as I was intrigued by small-town gossip. Of course we had our own brand of it in my guild, in my magical associations, but intrigue seemed all the more remarkable in this situation since no one could use magic to uncover the truth or read one another’s minds.
And I had to stop thinking about Whitewitch Island as them versus us, because this was my home now.
The petite woman in a short-sleeved khaki shirt and black pants strode up the side stairs to the patio, waving to various patrons, heading our way. Though, when she nodded to the man whose job she’d taken it was obvious to me (and likely everyone else) neither of them enjoyed even that distant of an interaction. The misogynistic disdain in the former sheriff’s sour expression came as no surprise, though the middle-aged woman who paused at a table not far away with her wide, open smile and shoulder-length brown hair in a neat ponytail seemed comfortable in her role. She’d tucked her black hat under one arm, white t-shirt showing under her uniform, shining black shoes and heavy gun belt at her waist (and don’t forget the polished silver and gold badge over her right pocket) completed the picture as the current sheriff said her farewells to the other table’s occupants before bee-lining her way to us.
“Olive, Holly,” she said with nods for both, smile flashing at me as she stuck out one hand and shook mine with vigor but lacking aggression. “Sheriff Harriet Quinn,” she said. “You’re our new resident, I take it?”
“Georgia Drake,” I said. “Would you like to join us, Sheriff Quinn?”
She instantly reached for the fourth chair next to me and pulled it back without any sort of grace, plopping herself into the seat and setting her hat aside, her every move rather abrupt for someone so small. “Don’t mind if I do, Ms. Drake.”
“Georgia, please,” I said. “Or George, if you prefer.”
Harriet snorted with the faintest bray in the back of her short laugh. “I got Harry far too often as a kid and teen,” she said, squinting her hazel eyes at me, not a trace of makeup on her skin, though she hardly needed mascara with those thick lashes of hers. The faintest traces of silver showed in her uncolored brown hair, wrinkles and freckles forming on her fair skin under her tan, though she had a rather timeless feel to her despite the fact I was certain she was close to my age of forty.
“Georgia’s a detective,” Holly said, then grinned at me, cheeks red though not from regret. So, she had bratty tendencies? Good to know.
Harriet’s eyes widened, her own grin spreading as she slapped one thigh with her open hand. “You don’t say.” At least that was what felt like shining admiration and not resistance, but I knew from experience sometimes the former was worse.
“Retired,” I said, firmly enough.
She nodded then, lips thinning out as she spoke. “I get it,” she said. “And I’m sure you’ve earned it, Georgia. But I’d be obliged if you’d be willing to let me buy you coffee sometime and talk shop.”
I was here to fit in, right? And be neighborly. “Of course, Harriet,” I said, wondering how much magic I could get away with to deflect her from actually following through on the request.
Not enough, George. Not nearly enough.
“Sheriff, need you at Keggers.” Her shoulder radio squawked before going silent, low enough it didn’t bother fellow diners but certainly of sufficient volume I heard the request. “Miles Williams.”
“Roger that.” She spoke into the rig before nodding to all of us, standing with her chair sliding noisily over the wooden floorboards.
“Is everything okay?” Olive clutched at her scarf again, anxiety visible without magic.
“If he’d just stayed away after he got out.” Harriet shook her head, a soft huff of regret escaping. “I’ll deal with it. You ladies enjoy your dinner.” I watched her go, frowning a little, remembering the man who’d come to my house earlier, how even Benjamin—who loved everyone—had been troubled by his presence.
“So sad,” Olive said.
“May I ask?” After all, if he was going to be working on my home, I’d like to know his circumstances, whether Sam Spencer trusted him or not.
Olive glanced at Holly who gave her a universally annoyed teenaged girl look no matter what race you were from.
“Come on, Mom,” she said. “It’s not like I live in a bubble.” She crossed her arms over her chest, looked away. “Even if you want me to.”
Olive sighed. “Poor Miles,” she said. “It happened twenty years ago, such a tragedy.” She knew him, then? “We went to high school together, same class.” She nodded at the loud diners across the way. “But he had a troubled past.”
“He was a drug addict, Mom,” Holly snapped. “He got in a car accident with his girlfriend and her brother in the car and she died and the brother is a veg—”
“Holly!” Olive’s sharp tone wasn’t so much angry as it was disappointed as her teenager sat back and pouted. Olive met my eyes, her own full of compassion. “They said he was high,” she shrugged. “That Riley and Brian weren’t wearing seatbelts.” She tsked softly. “Poor Riley was dead when they made it to the hospital, but Brian.” She hesitated. “Has been…  has struggled ever since.” She seemed uncomfortable with her daughter’s callous label. Hurried on as though unwilling to linger over the careless term. “As I said, very sad.”
“Miles went to prison for it,” I said. My inquisitor instincts remained sharp.
“Manslaughter,” Olive said. “He was released three weeks ago and came right home to Whitewitch Island.”
“Though there were those who would have preferred he hadn’t.” Not hard to deduce.
Olive didn’t comment, the young waitress arriving at last to take our food order, and I let the conversation turn to more pleasant topics, though I had to wonder, as I often had while in the midst of my chosen profession, what drove those who broke our laws to continue to make stupid choices even though they should have known better.
Then again, I’d made my own, so I was hardly one to hold myself up as magister, tribunal and extricator.

***

Chapter Five

I will admit I not only enjoyed the steak I ordered, the company only improved as the evening went on, Olive and Holly’s clear love for one another an adorable back and forth that had me a little wistful (despite knowing better) I’d never chosen to have a child of my own. Being an inquisitor with Guild Artemis didn’t exactly lend one toward the maternal, most of my counterparts and their hunters childless and single until retirement. And while there were magical means available to me if I chose to go that route at this point, I had to admit I wasn’t the mothering type.
Though, I was sure Benjamin would disagree.
Despite her protests, I insisted on paying for dinner, the diminished noise from the far table and truly lovely evening warmth and atmosphere settling around me in a delightful reassurance I had, in fact, made the right choice.
“You can get the next one,” I said, the implication we’d do this again making Olive nod and smile.
It seemed most of the restaurant stood to go at the same time we did, though the long table of old friends appeared content to linger as my companions led me on a cheery tour of Circe. It wasn’t lost on me the name of the island and the town on it leaned toward a suggestion of magical origins, though nothing I could sense or uncover led me to believe whoever named this place did so with power or my kind in mind. Whatever the reason—beyond the tourist brochure’s simple explanation that the founder of the island was a fan of the supernatural—at least the nomenclature made me feel at home and was part of the reason I chose this Pacific Ocean retreat.
Felt like Fate.
Speaking of which, you recall my earlier mention of my accidental run-in with said trio of universal warp and weft? How we hadn’t always seen eye-to-eye and that they had a definite grudge against me I had never convinced them to release?
Time to pay the piper, Georgia Drake. My accidental excitement statement was about to come to fruition in the most startling way.
Because as we turned to enter the crossroads to our lane for home, strolling and chatting in the quiet evening, the rumbling sound of an engine and bright lights flashing over us from behind had me suddenly looking up, thankfully. Just in time to step into the path of the car barreling toward us while Olive and Holly leaped back with dual gasps of shock and fear.
It only took a tiny gesture to divert the careening sedan out of our path and into the nearby ditch, passenger’s side leaning but accessible as the car screeched to a halt, still running but engine no longer revving past safe speeds. A woman emerged from the teetering passenger’s door, pale and clearly terrified.
“Please!” Her voice pierced the dark evening. “Someone, please help!”
Naturally I hurried toward her, Olive trailing after me, though she gestured for Holly to stay back, the young woman self-possessed enough to dial 9-1-1 while her mother circled to the weeping, trembling woman who pointed with desperate need at the driver’s side.
“Kim,” Olive said, hugging her. “What happened?”
“It’s Nick!” And so it was. I peered in through the window, spotting my real estate agent behind the wheel, eyes staring straight ahead, mouth gaping open. I knew before I even opened the door I was too late to assist, though so intent was I on his state of expiration I missed, almost to my own harm, the thing that lay, coiled and furious, in his lap.
Jerked back and let it slither to the ground as I opened the door, though the snake didn’t go far as I whispered to it to sleep, to rest where it had settled beneath the driver’s side of the car.
Before leaning in to stare into the horrified and empty eyes of Nick Parks, his soul no longer with us, puncture wound on his neck proof his scaled visitor—and phobic source of terror, if I remembered correctly—made its mark.
Ah, Fates. I should have known escape from a life spent investigating death wouldn’t be so easy.
***
I stood to one side, wishing I could just exit politely and go home, lock my door and forget this ever happened. Not that I was inclined to run from death, by no means. I’d spent the bulk of my life investigating it, thank you, usually by horrific and violent means, magical and mundane. I’d chosen that life, made it my passion and my motivation. Until recently, volunteering to assist in said inquiry would have been the most natural thing to do under the circumstances since it was obvious from the flustered and anxious look on Sheriff Harriet Quinn’s face she was out of her depth.
Instead of eager anticipation of the inquisition, however, dread surfaced, settled around me in a swath of discomfort, the flickering memory I wished I could erase—and would never release—humming on repeat in the back of my mind.
—Running through the dark forest—
—Wings in the trees, beast in the black—
—The blow of exploding power—
—GEORGE!—
“Georgia?” I flinched, catching my breath, my pink scarf wrapped tightly around me like a shawl, blinking down at Harriet as she looked up with her brown eyes full of worry. How long had she stood there? How long had I been lost in the past this time?
Didn’t matter. I tried for a smile, managed a grimace.
She nodded, as if understanding my reaction. “Terrible thing,” she said, quietly and meant for just me. Harriet swallowed heavily, glancing back at the car, the EMTs hesitant to touch the body, pointing and talking in low voices. Ah, the snake. It was clear they discussed best practice on the serpent coiled beneath the driver’s side. There was no way I could reassure them it slept thanks to my spell, nor that they could handle it safely if they so chose. Instead, they hung back, debating among themselves the options of removing the body to the gurney they’d brought from the back of the ambulance.
“You found him like that?” I nodded to Harriet’s question, pulling myself together, falling into routine and trusting the process that served me so many years as I told her what happened.
When I was done, cool and dispassionate delivery part of the job I’d left behind, Harriet seemed even more rattled.
“Thing is,” she said. Stopped, shrugged. “I’ve never dealt with a murder before.” She was assuming that Nick had died of foul play and the creature hadn’t simply made its way into his vehicle for warmth or a misguided sense of safety.
Hmmm. All right then, as I let that unwind in my mind even I had trouble believing it. And since I knew a simple detail he’d revealed to me earlier in the day, the likelihood of his death occurring thanks to a phobia seemed too far down the road to created coincidence I had to admit she was probably right.
“Nick was terrified of snakes,” the woman who’d been with him, perhaps his wife, wailed then. Hadn’t Olive called her Kim? “How did it get in our car?”
An excellent question, as was the breed of the thing. If indigenous to the island, there might be a simple explanation.
“The local vet,” I said. “Surely he will be able to identify the culprit’s breed?”
Harriet snapped her fingers, nodding. “Of course,” she said. “Tommy even has a small serpentarium. I’ll call him.” She hesitated another moment. “They were friends.” Yes, that was right. The vet and his father attended dinner with Nick just a short time ago. “Listen, I know you’re retired and everything.” Harriet stopped, licked her lips, looking up at me with something akin to a plea. “I really don’t want to mess this up.”
I could have suggested she call the state police who, I believed, were her next in line for investigation if I recalled correctly. And while that dread still lay like a pall in the back of my mind, I nodded immediately, the pull of my old life still strong enough to lure me in despite my decision otherwise.
“Just tell me what you need, Harriet,” I said. “I’m happy to assist.”
The flash of a smile held the depth of relief that warmed me with the heat of it, even if her aura didn’t just flare in brilliance for a moment. “Mind taking a closer look while I talk to Kim?”
I joined her, keeping back and to her right, showing deference as I was trained. Harriet might not have been experienced in this type of investigation, but I certainly wasn’t about to embarrass or shame her by showing her up in front of those who put their faith in her. To the contrary, if my retirement was going to stick, any involvement I had would remain minimal and between us.
Another car pulled up, this one a large, black SUV, the headlights bright enough I squinted as I glanced toward the newcomer. But my irritation at the interruption disappeared as a portly, older woman grunted her way out of the front seat and strode toward us, a large silver case in one hand.
She stopped in her tracks as she met my eyes, her own pale ones widening, a grin splitting her round face. She didn’t speak to me, however, dropping the case on the ground and crouching to open it, pulling out a white coverall which she quickly dawned as Harriet swerved in her trajectory to join the newcomer.
A necromancer. On Whitewitch Island.
So I wasn’t alone after all.
“Mavis.” Harriet shook the woman’s hand, gesturing for me to join them. I did, unable to stop the secret little smile that crossed my face as I, too, offered the traditional normal greeting. “This is Dr. Mavis Fernsby,” the sheriff said while our skin made contact and our power sampled one another briefly. “Mavis, this is Detective Georgia Drake. Um, retired.” Harriet flashed me that grin. “She’s agreed to help out.”
“I’m sure she has,” Mavis muttered, zipping up her coverall, the elastic hood sliding up over her tightly curled silver hair, framing her face in a rather ridiculous cartoonish fashion. “Detective?”
I shrugged. “I’m no longer guild.”
She nodded at that. “Me either,” she said. “ME now, nice to meet you.” She slid on a pair of blue booties over her shoes. “What have we got then, sheriff?”
Harriet half turned, gesturing at the car as she filled the medical examiner in on what she knew while my mind whirled with questions. A Guild Hades necromancer serving as a doctor on a human island in northern California? No different than a retired well before her time inquisitor hiding out on the same island, right?
Why then did I feel relief that I wasn’t alone here after all?
“Snake bite.” Mavis scowled, rather adorable, wrinkles making her look like a dried apple tucked into a little white bag. “I don’t care how potent, venom takes time to kill. I need a closer look.”
“The snake’s still there,” Harriet cautioned, one hand stretching out protectively to keep Mavis from moving forward. “We’re waiting on Tommy Cooper to come get it.”
It was obvious to me Mavis knew exactly what I’d done, because she glanced up at me before shrugging. “It won’t hurt me,” and pushed past Harriet’s attempt to protect her.
I followed, again keeping some distance, but found I now stood between the ME and the sheriff, an uncomfortable sandwich of power and hoped no one noticed I’d usurped Harriet’s place with Mavis.
The EMTs seemed more than happy to step aside and give us room, the woman shaking her head so her blonde ponytail swung, her partner grimacing at me, rubbing his jaw with one hand, visibly unhappy with the task of removing the body with the reptile still present.
“Huh,” Mavis grunted as she bent at the waist and switched on a small flashlight she pulled from her pocket, peering at the creature coiled quietly under the driver’s door. “Not local.” She straightened a little, leaning in to look into Nick’s face, the illumination exploring him before settling on the spot where the snake attacked. “Bite’s too fresh to have killed him.” She stood then and spun on me. “Inquisitor?”
I didn’t bother correcting her terminology. “Not enough evidence to make a ruling,” I said. “Though I’m leaning toward malfeasance.”
Mavis scowled at the ground. “Agreed. Let us proceed.” She glanced around a moment, then back at me. “No hunter?”
I shook my head, lips suddenly tight, throat as well, jaw aching from clenching it.
“Ah,” she said then with the barest hint of sorrow. “My condolences.” And returned to her work.
I appreciated her brevity. It suited me very much and I had a feeling I was going to like Mavis Fernsby.
Already did.

***

Chapter Six

Tommy Cooper arrived shortly after Mavis used a stick to scoot the unconscious snake out of her way. He huffed toward us, a cage in one hand and a forked implement in the other, gaping as he stopped in the spotlight Harriet provided, face pale even in the glaring illumination as he looked up at her in shock.
“That’s Mophie,” he said. “My taipan.” The vet gulped audibly, shaking his head, handsome face flashing between disbelief and anxiety, sorrow and denial. “How did this happen?”
“Excellent question, Dr. Cooper,” I said before Harriet could speak, instinct kicking in and intruding on her investigation when I’d told myself I wouldn’t.
“This is Detective Georgia Drake, Tommy,” the sheriff hurriedly told him. “Bought the old Miller place up Aurae Lane.” She nodded toward my house at the crest of the hill. “I asked her to help out. With Nick’s death.”
He didn’t answer right away, one big hand running over his face, the cage in his free one now also balancing the implement, the metal handles rattling together as he started to shake. “How did this happen?”
His brain was on repeat, it seemed.
“You’re sure this is your snake, Dr. Cooper.” Georgia. Give Harriet a chance. But she didn’t seem offended I’d spoken up so I waited for him to reply.
Tommy Cooper turned, looked down at where Mavis had deposited the sleeping reptile. He bent, prodding it gently with the forked tool, before clasping it gently around the neck and lowering it into the cage, shutting it firmly on the slumbering creature. “Did someone harm her?” He looked up, winced as though realizing his question came across rather callous considering he’d lost a friend to her bite. “I mean, why isn’t she responding?”
Whoops. I breathed a command under normal audibility, though I was certain Mavis heard me, the snake coming awake and striking with aggressive unhappiness at the side of the cage. Tommy jumped back, droplets of liquid spraying as venom flew from her fangs.
“You were saying, Dr. Cooper,” I said. I’d spent enough time with suspects and victim’s families, with the innocent and the guilty, I’d adopted a standard tone of voice for all of them. While those who weren’t involved in wrongdoing read my cool impassiveness and lack of emotion as soothing—as per the spell around it—the guilty? Felt the pressure of my tone like an accusation.
I couldn’t read Tommy Cooper, however, not used to normals and, as much as I would have loved to dive into his mind and wrest out the truth, that would end with me in prison and him in the same supposed state as Miles Williams left the poor boy from the accident that put him in prison twenty years ago.
“I can’t be totally sure until I get her home,” he said. “I have to check my serpentarium, but it looks like her.” He choked then, tears trickling down his face. “Who would have done this?” He swallowed audibly, Adam’s apple rising in an almost painful motion as the EMTs pulled Nick out of the driver’s seat at Mavis’ direction, laying him out so she could get a closer look. “Everyone knew Nick hated snakes. Is this some sick practical joke, Harry?”
Her frown tightened just a little at the shortened name she despised. “I’m looking into it,” she said. “What kind of snake is it, Tommy?”
“Inland taipan,” he said. “From Australia.”
“Deadly,” I said.
“One of the most deadly snakes in the world,” Tommy agreed. “But it takes thirty to forty-five minutes for the venom to kill, Harry. This is nuts. She couldn’t have just bitten him if that’s what he died from.”
“He didn’t,” Mavis said, joining us, shaking her head. “I have a feeling your friend died of fear the moment the snake bit him. He had a heart condition?” She showed Harriet a yellow pill bottle. “Found it in his jacket.”
“Yes, he had a heart attack last year.” Tommy wiped at his sweating upper lip with a shaking hand. “Can you actually die of fright?”
I didn’t contribute because, in my world? Fright was the kind of weapon we feared the most, no pun intended.
I would not think of Elias. I would not.
“If it was, as you say, a sick joke,” I said, “do you know anyone who would do such a thing to Mr. Parks?” And, possibly, his wife, though Kim huddled next to Olive and Holly, looking like she was ready to drop.
“According to the wife,” Mavis said in her deep, grumbling voice, gloves snapping as she pulled them from her pudgy fingers, “the snake climbed up from the floor and bit him. So someone stashed it on the mat and waited for him to disturb it, which would immediately happen as he started to drive.”
“Enough agitation to make her attack,” Tommy said. “She’d have tried to escape first, may have bitten him twice.”
“Both bites envenomated?” He nodded to Mavis’ question, looking suddenly sick. She sighed as she pushed the elastic hood back, silver curls bouncing free. “I’ll take another look when I get him to the morgue,” she said, “but two bites or not, I’m confident he died of a heart attack.” As was I. Mavis’ necromancy would have told her as much almost immediately after initial examination, and had I let my own examine him, I was sure I’d have the same finding, so I trusted her implicitly. “I’ll let you know the full autopsy findings as soon as I’m done.” She spun and left, motioning to the EMTs to load the body into the ambulance while she retreated to her silver case, snapping it shut and carrying it to her SUV while I watched her go.
Thinking about murder. As more cars pulled up and I finally took the back step I’d intended to allow Harriet to do what Whitewitch Island hired her to.
They rushed for Tommy, the other three—two tall, broad shouldered, the third short and stocky—men, the bond between them unmistakable, pulsing like a thin stream of light between them though humans would never see it. I caught the edge of the thread, felt their connection, let it go as they hugged their former classmate in turn, taking Kim from Olive and encircling her in their protection though there was nothing they could do for her, not really.
I had to retreat from their grief, too, walling it off and any ability I might have had to read them further, the weight of their sorrow triggering my own. Too fresh yet for me to allow that loss I bore to come back to the surface without the proper shielding in place, too crushing to let it tear me apart again when I had only managed to put myself back together.
Not hard to know who they were, to recognize them as the three men who’d shared a table with Nick and Tommy, though their own partners were no longer with them. Enough questions flew in deep voices, enough anger and demands for something to be done, for answers to be found compounded the problem I backed away from I found I had abandoned Harriet all together, standing on the periphery and hugging myself against the warm Californian night and the faint ocean breeze that ruffled my hair.
Mother. Benjamin’s voice snapped me loose from the descent into darkness and I grasped for him, as I often did these days, holding onto his mind with mine.
Benny. I tried to hide the hurt from him, but he ignored my attempt, his deep and caring soul engulfing me in that lovely heart of his.
I’m coming to get you.
No, I sent immediately, feeling him rise from his bed, begin to move to the door. It’s not safe. I’m coming home shortly. Thank you, Benny.
I’ll send the ravens. He sounded near to tears. Please, don’t leave me, Mother.
Poor Benjamin had been with me during the worst of it, though I barely remembered the blackest moments myself. I’m not going anywhere, I sent as firmly as possible. Five minutes.
I’ll be waiting. He hugged me with his unique mind, lingering in the back of mine, a lifeline. My lifeline.
What would I do without him?
“Detective.” While I might have wanted to remain outside the circle, Tommy Cooper turned to me, drew me back in. I joined them, feet carrying me with reluctance but firm strides and while I kept a few feet between us, I nodded for him to go on. “You asked if there was anyone who could have done something like this.” He had a suspect in mind, then? Tommy turned, the three men with him all grim, all angry, all focused on a single face I knew before he spun back and gave that face a name I’d heard several times tonight. “You and Sheriff Quinn need to talk to Miles Williams.”
“Miles?” Harriet spoke up, breaking Tommy’s focus, but one of his companions instantly responded.
“You know he has a grudge against Nick, Harry,” one of the men snapped, the tallest of the four, dark skin, dark eyes, silvering close-cropped hair, his still muscular body well cared for if the t-shirt, shorts and sneakers he wore meant he’d been preparing for a run when the call came about Nick. “They got into it again just yesterday.” The others muttered, but the sheriff wasn’t convinced, I could tell.
Was I? The tribunal was still out.
“Charlie,” Harriet said, voice as soothing as she could likely manage, “please don’t jump to conclusions. The last thing we want is a witch hunt.” I flinched at that term, most distasteful. She had no way of knowing her people and my people once battled for supremacy of this world and my people won, but only after many deaths and the suppression of their memories, the lies we told them. Witch hunt had become an anachronistic accusation leveled at the most inappropriate of times.
They had no idea what a true witch hunt looked like, and I prayed they never would.
As for the man she’d named Charlie, his visible rebellion was mirrored on the faces of the other men.
“Jackson is right,” the one next to him said. Shorter, stockier, out of shape compared to his friends but with the hint of the handsome young man he’d been remaining sufficiently I could picture him at eighteen and full of vigor. “Nick turned that punk freak down for an apartment and Miles lost his crap in public. Would have attacked Nicky if Luke hadn’t been there.” The man he gestured to nodded, tears tracking down his rugged cheeks. This one was still handsome, though the grief disguised it somewhat, made it hard to focus on him for too long, his dark blonde hair uncut, t-shirt looking like he’d slept in it a few nights.
“Took it personally,” Luke spoke up when prompted by an elbow from his shorter friend.
“Was it personal?” I hadn’t meant to ask that out loud, I swear it to you, but it flowed from me and the instinctual queries I’d been trained to trust. He met my gaze with his own sorrowful one, shrugged.
“Miles was always trouble,” the short one snapped. “He’s been back here three weeks, Harry, and he’s done nothing but create problems for everyone.” They’d packed up, a furious little mob of old hurts and mistrust. I felt their need to harm someone grow in a field of mutual connection, worried now for the man they accused because men like these wouldn’t hesitate to take matters into their own hands in quiet places where no one would hear Miles scream.
“No one knows that better than me, Jim,” Harriet said, both hands outspread in front of her. “But stirring up a little old dirt is a far cry from killing someone with a snake.”
They had nothing to say about that, but plenty to feel. I shuddered from their mutual animosity and cut it off completely. It actually cleared my head, let me think. And ask another question. “You said everyone knew Nick had a phobia of snakes?” They all nodded as one. “And did anyone else have access to the serpentarium, Dr. Cooper?”
Tommy thought about it, shook his head, but he was frowning. “I have a key,” he said, “and there’s a spare in the office. But that’s it.”
“So, the next step is for you,” I pointed at him before swiveling to the cage, “to take that,” jabbed an index finger at the snake now watching us with hooded eyes from her coil at the bottom of her container, “home and find out if she’s actually even yours.” He rubbed his cheek with one hand, the bristles loud against his palm in the silence that had fallen as I layered a whisper of pay attention to my words. “While that’s being confirmed—or not—the sheriff will check to see if your locks have been tampered with. Any speculation prior to a proper investigation only creates problems, gentlemen. You’re looking for who did this? Who killed your friend?” They all stared in sullen silence, but they were listening. “Let Sheriff Quinn do her job.” I nodded to Harriet who nodded back. Felt their resistance and sighed out a trust me for good measure.
Sure, there were laws against using magic on normal humans, but as long as I didn’t harm them directly? I could cast all the magic on myself I wanted.
Yes, true, it was a fine line I walked, I knew that. Even encouraging them to listen and trust, while indirect, still counted to the letter of the law. But I doubted very much that they’d notice, that anyone of my kind would care or that throwing in a bit of encouragement was going to damage them permanently.
Sometimes upholding the law meant bending some of the lesser rules to get the job done.
They were finally nodding, grumbling as they did, Harriet’s anxious expression shifting to gratitude as she turned toward me. I gestured to Olive and Holly, the pair circling the men to join me. “I’m going to be a bit,” I said. “You two should go home now.” I hadn’t meant it to sound like a command, though I realized with the layering in my voice, that’s exactly how it came out.
Neither seemed inclined to argue, however, Olive’s quick, impulsive hug surprising me so much I barely had time to hug her back before the two hurried off toward their cottage, leaving me with Harriet.
It’s been five minutes, Mother, Benjamin sent. He was pacing, I could tell, panting his anxiety.
I’m fine, Benny. I sent him a hug of my own, embracing him with power until I saw and felt him  in the distance, sinking to his haunches at the door. I’m helping with a case.
That’s good, Mother, he sent, sounding a bit optimistic now. Can I help?
You may come in handy shortly, I sent. For now, give me a bit. I really am okay.
He paused. You feel okay. Sniffed in my mind. Please come home soon, Mother. Then let me go, though I could see him still, staring at the entry to the house, a statue of black muscle and fur, dark eyes locked as the hound of Hades gave me the space I needed.
I loved that dog.

***

Chapter Seven

I clued back in, knowing I’d missed conversation in my own private one and hoped no one noticed my attention was elsewhere. Overhearing as I did, “Tommy call your dad,” from the short instigator, Jim, and any inkling of leaving Harriet to deal with them alone vanished utterly.
She was going to need my help, I had a feeling, against the former sheriff and his pack of boys. This was actually the kind of fight I adored, the pending promise of confrontation just what I needed to banish the last of the dread and fully plant myself in the present.
“Let’s start with you, mister…?” I purposely picked out the team nuisance, making him squirm as I tilted my head and gave him my best inquisitor flat smile.
“Collins,” he finally said, lifting his chin and pushing his shoulders back. No matter the race, the male half of every species seemed incapable of allowing the female half any sort of dominance, and he was no exception. “Jim—James—Collins. Who did you say you were again?”
“Detective Drake is here at my request,” Harriet quickly spoke up while I allowed my smile to spread ever-so-slightly along with my silence, the man before me licking his lips while I did nothing but watch him for a long moment of growing unease—on his part, not mine, I’d done this far too many times before—until he couldn’t take it any longer.
“Where were you a detective?” He looked around at his buddies, none of whom seemed inclined to back him up, his visible nervousness attempting to hide behind a thin shield of bravado. The question was, did he have something to hide or was he simply that driven by ego and fear of appearing foolish he was allowing it to rule him? My guess was the latter.
“East coast,” I said. “Tell me about your dinner tonight, Mr. Collins.”
He did, his attempt at confrontation getting him nowhere, sullen responses nonetheless fleshing out the picture his friends then filled in fully as I took turns with them, introduced to each in turn, Charlie Jackson and Luke Morrison rounding out the selection. I should perhaps have allowed this task to fall to Harriet, but she seemed perfectly content to have me carry on and I learned more from the flow and cadence of the evolving story their tellings wove together than I would have by standing aside and watching her.
By the time we were done, the picture was clear enough. They’d all met at the restaurant with their various partners, Tommy’s father, Austin Cooper, showing up uninvited but not unwelcome. Nick had been late thanks to a delay with a client but I’d personally seen him arrive, noted they’d all been in good spirits. They’d parted ways shortly after 8:30PM and each drove home, Nick and Kim showing no signs of marital distress or any kind of sense they’d known about the threat in the car when they pulled away.
Less than two minutes later, they entered the intersection, crashed and Nick Parks was dead.
“Thank you, gentlemen,” I said, noting the tow truck hitching up to the victim’s car, the loud backup beeping making my ears ache. “Sheriff, did you have further questions?”
She shook her head after a seemingly dazed moment, flashing me a grin. “Nope, that sounds about as thorough as it needs to be.” She then spun on the men, nodding to them. “For now. If we have more we want to know, we’ll call on you. But you’re all free to go for now.”
“You’ll keep us posted?” That was from the quiet, sad one, Luke, who’d finally stopped crying, but seemed deeper in grief than the others. If only I could take a little peek—
“We will,” Harriet said, gesturing for them to move away, watching them go with her thumbs hooked in her gun belt. The moment they were out of ear shot, stopping near their respective cars to talk privately themselves, Harriet spun on me, her back to the witnesses, face alight and a huge smile on her face.
“That was.” She gulped, paused. “I’ve never.” Stopped again, wiped at her mouth with one hand, vibrating. “I learned so much in the last ten minutes.”
I couldn’t help the laugh that escaped me at her enthusiasm. “I’m sorry I interfered. I’m happy to help, Harriet, but this is your investigation.”
She waved that off with a rueful shrug. “We both know who the pro is here,” she said, completely authentic about it, too, not a hint of resentment to be sensed. “I love this job, Georgia, but I do my best with what I’ve got. You’re a real detective, not me.” She whistled low. “Thanks for taking that on, I appreciate it. I doubt they would have been so easy on me.”
“Sometimes it’s better being an outsider,” I said. “No history and no old expectations. And other times, knowing them well is the advantage. So tell me, Sheriff Quinn, do any of the men we just spoke to have reason to kill their friend?”
She gaped at me then stopped. Frowned, looking down at the ground, before shaking her head. “I can’t think of one reason,” she said. “Honestly, they’re all thieves thick and have been for years.”
Not that such an association precluded the possibility a past slight or buried happening didn’t trigger murder tonight. But I’d take her word for it.
“I guess our next move is to talk to Miles Williams?” She waited for me to nod before her smile returned. “You’ll come with me? I don’t want to mess this up.” She gestured behind her at her waiting cruiser. “Won’t take long?”
I suppressed a sigh, joining her as the tow truck pulled away, the victim’s friends now long gone and nothing remaining of the accident as physical proof but a deep score in the grass on the side of the road. I paused one last moment, let my power slide over the accident sight.
Felt the sting of a bite, the terror—
Caught my breath.
Mother? Oh dear, I hadn’t meant to trigger Benjamin. What happened? Did someone hurt you? I caught the faint growl in his voice, saw him leap to his feet, fur bristling, felt him gather his own magic to defend me.
No, sweet boy, I sent back. Everything is all right.
I don’t like this, Mother, he panted to me. You shouldn’t be investigating alone.
He was right, though I did have the sheriff. Which led to a thought as I climbed into the front seat of Harriet’s police car. “Can we make one stop first?”
Ten minutes later, with Benjamin perched in the back seat, leaning into the black cage keeping him from reaching me, we pulled down a short lane, rusted and dented mailbox leaning to the right at a distinct disadvantage, and into an unkempt yard. I immediately sensed the despair in this place, seeped into the very soil of the property, not needing the ramshackle trailer’s neglected appearance as proof of some horrible past that loomed over the present. Benjamin hummed softly, not so much a growl as it was a rumbling sorrow, licking his chops and shifting his position, ears perked.
Sadness lives here, Mother, he sent. And death.
 Harriet glanced back over her shoulder with a little trepidation, though she hadn’t commented when I’d opened my front door and encouraged the mastiff to jump into the back. “He’s… friendly, right?”
“Benjamin is a sweetheart,” I said, a little absently since most of my attention was caught by the miasma hovering over this place. “And he’s a trained investigator himself.”
Her eyes widened. “He’s K-9?” I just nodded, even though I had no idea what that meant. “Police dog, cool.” She seemed relieved, even turned the rest of the way to smile at him. “Nice to meet you, Detective Benjamin.”
I like her, Mother.
Sigh.
I exited, letting the mastiff out. He hopped down beside me, head rising, sniffing the air though I knew it was more than his nose that explored the scene. Shall I hunt?
His question made me sad, but I was quick to hide it. This was the first time he’d asked since we’d left the east, and would be the first time he did so alone.
Not yet, I said. Let’s give this suspect the benefit of the doubt for now. We don’t know if he’s done what the others claim, so terrifying him might not be the best course.
I’d be gentle, Mother, Benjamin said with somber wistfulness.
I know, my darling, I sent back, but not everyone realizes how lovely you are.
He accepted that without comment, joining me as I circled the vehicle, headlights still aglow to offer us illumination, following Harriet to the front door. It was immediately obvious to me no one was here, not just due to the lack of lighting within, but the simple absence of human contact when I let my power out to explore, bumping into Benjamin’s doing the same thing.
No one’s home, Mother, he sent, even as Harriet knocked.
Turned to me, shrugged. “I don’t think he’s here.”
“It’s no wonder Mr. Williams was attempting to rent accommodations in Circe,” I said, stepping off the path and observing the trailer’s dilapidated state.
“Yeah, I know,” Harriet said. “This was his dad’s trailer, where Miles grew up.” Her pinched expression caught shadows in the glow of the headlights. “Norm died five years ago, so it’s been abandoned since then, but Miles did his best to clean it up when he got back.” Was that regret in her voice?
“You wish he’d stayed away.” I suppose it made sense. Whatever motivated him to return after all this time, to a place where he was clearly unwelcome, could be tied to murder. Or something we had yet to uncover.
Harriet let out a heavy sigh, hands on her hips, staring at the unanswered door with a scowl. “I don’t blame him for wanting to come home,” she said. “I’d be after closure too, I guess. But he has to know he’s not going to find any friends here. So why come back?” Her eyes glistened in the bright lights when she turned to face me. “Except, maybe, to kill someone he had a grudge against?”
“He’s been here for three weeks,” I said, one hand resting on Benjamin’s head as he panted on his haunches beside me, the other reflexively holding the two ends of my shawl to my heart. “From all appearances, Miles was attempting to make a life for himself here. If his intent really was to kill Nick Parks, why not sneak into town, murder him, and then leave again? Why put himself through this?” I waved at the trailer, at his history in this town and the pain he endured encapsulated in a tin can rusting and discarded on the edge of Circe.
Harriet closed the distance between us, even making a tentative motion toward the mastiff. He stuck his nose out immediately, licked her fingers with the gentlest swipe, before grinning up at her, tongue hanging out, ears perked. She made a more confident effort, scratching at his cheek while he groaned softly and leaned in, cementing her trust.
“I’m not sure of your local laws,” I said. “If someone’s door is open, are we permitted to enter and gather evidence?”
Her face scrunched in concern, Harriet’s gaze going to the door. “I probably couldn’t use anything I found in court,” she said.
Fair enough. “But a civilian, acting on her own?” Harriet’s eyes narrowed. “Then, perhaps you’d like to return to the car, sheriff.” I circled around her, Benjamin on my heels, and reached for the doorknob. Whispered the barest thread of magic, lock disengaging as I turned it. Smiled and shrugged at Harriet who hesitated one last moment before nodding and joining me when I opened the entry and stepped inside the dark trailer.

***

Chapter Eight

The interior wasn’t much better than the sad exterior, scent of mold and old body odor almost an assault. Harriet surprised me when she switched on the light at the doorway. When I turned to face her with eyebrows upraised, she shrugged.
“Thought I heard someone in distress,” she said.
Worked for me.
I ignored the pile of unwashed dishes at the small sink, the crunch of something discarded on the floor under my sandals, the creaking of the trailer as Benjamin left my side and moved into the main living area. He sniffed delicately around the space, a stained pillow and rumpled blanket cast aside on the tattered sofa evidence of occupation, as was the pile of empty beer bottles scattered on the floor near one end.
He sleeps here, Mother, the mastiff sent.
I joined him as he paused by the coffee table, nosing something before sitting and waiting for me to examine his discovery. Even as Harriet spoke behind me.
“Poor Miles,” she said, voice thick. “I had no idea.”
I sorted through the small stack of photographs, most of them creased on the corners, a few faded with age. Several were of a smiling young woman, only one with her beside a younger Miles, and another with her hugging a boy who beamed his gap-toothed grin at the camera. “Is this the young woman who died?” I held them up for Harriet to see. She took one look and nodded.
“That’s Riley Gray all right,” she said, sadness not going anywhere anytime soon. “And that’s her little brother, Brian. And Miles.” She shook her head over the images. “Twenty years, hard to believe.” She sighed, set the photos down while Benjamin carried on his exploration toward the other end of the trailer. “You know he drove them both to the ER that night? After the accident? He tried to save them.” Tragic. I glanced up as the mastiff shook, as though the weight of the past troubled him and got in the way of his investigation. But he carried on as Harriet did. “Riley was dead when they got there, but they managed to save Brian. I think that’s why he got manslaughter, but the judge threw the book at him. Twenty years without parole. I think if Brian had died too, he’d have never gotten out.” She hesitated before speaking again. “Thing is, he swore up and down he was innocent. That he found them that way.”
That was interesting information. I kept an eye on Benjamin as he pushed open a door at the end of the trailer and entered. “No one believed him?”
“He was stoned,” Harriet said. “Austin Cooper arrested him personally. Even Miles admitted he was out of it. But he swore to the sheriff and everyone who would listen he only found them and took them to the ER, that they weren’t in the car at all.”
She turned, saw the mastiff circling back toward us. “Is he finding anything?”
I shook my head. “There’s nothing to find, I suppose.” If Miles had stolen the snake from Tommy Cooper, he must have done so with the vet’s equipment or discarded what he used elsewhere. “Except sadness.”
Harriet nodded heavily. “Amen to that.”
“Perhaps a fresh start in the morning.” I gestured for Benjamin to exit, followed him to the door, Harriet on my heels. She turned out the light behind her, closing the door with a firm snap, the three of us silent as we returned to the car. That silence lingered all the way to my house, though not in an uncomfortable way. While I was lost in thought, it seemed Harriet was, too.
That ended when she pulled up to my walk and parked. “I’ll have my deputies keep an eye open for him,” she said. “And I’ll call the state police to put an APB out, just in case he ran.” She reached over and offered her hand which I shook with a smile. “Thanks again, Georgia. I appreciate the help.”
“I’m happy to do so,” I said. Would I regret those words, too? Did the Fates snigger their wicked delight at my gracious reply? Probably on both counts, but it was too late to rewrite them now. “Good night, Harriet.”
She waved before driving off, as I paused at the end of my lane, Benjamin staring up at me.
“What are you thinking about, Mother?” He nudged my hand after a moment.
“Miles Williams,” I said. “Most times the most obvious choice is the right one.”
“And sometimes,” the mastiff said, “the obvious choice is the very one you need to discount to find the truth.”
I flashed him a smile. “Don’t start with me,” I said. “You sound just like…” I didn’t finish. I didn’t have to.
“Sorry, Mother,” Benjamin said. “But he was right, you know.”
Elias. How he loved being right.
I turned and went inside, tired suddenly, ready for bed and sleep—knowing it would be a long time coming if I didn’t spell myself into it—and distance from the despair I’d just encountered.
When the Fates giggled their nasty whim and my phone rang.
The moment I checked the number, I groaned. Hesitated a long inhale while Benjamin stared up at me with expectation. And answered, doing my best not to sound irritated by the intrusion.
“Hi, Mom,” I said.
“Georgia, my darling.” Morgana Drake never failed to add a drawn-out term of endearment to my name, even if it always felt a little like an affectation instead of a measure of adoration. “We miss you ever so much already. Tell me you’ve changed your mind and are coming home, my pet.”
Your mother means well, Benjamin sent as I set my jaw against the unhappy and yet not unexpected request. Bullying me into doing what she wanted? Classic Morgana.
“It’s lovely here, Mom,” I said, a bit more brightly than was called for. Did she hear the sarcasm in my voice? Sense it all the way across the continent in her manor house in Connecticut? Doubtful. If it didn’t have direct impact on my mother’s existence, she typically ignored the feelings of others. “Thanks for asking.”
“Your father is simply beside himself,” she said, before calling out. “Aren’t you, Quarrian, dear?” I heard a muttered reply which meant Dad was deep in some folio or brief and completely ignoring Mom, not like that mattered to her. Acquiescence was all she ever required, and he clearly gave it to her because she carried on in the same judgmental tone disguised as concern. “We both are, sweet darling.” If she talked to me like a child one more time… “Honestly, Georgia, you’ve had your foray, dear. Time to come home. Your father and I were just discussing all your possibilities.” Never mind I was forty and had been on my own since I was eighteen. “Why, I spoke to Dinorah at Guild Hades just yesterday and she was delighted to consider you for a Representative position.”
Management. Me. Surrounded by a bunch of necromancers. No thank you.
“And that position in my office is still open.” I knew I wasn’t imagining the wistful hope in her voice. She really did have my best interests at heart. She just had no idea that even considering being her personal assistant, Emissary to the North American Magic League or not, would wither my soul in about a week. “And your father mentioned he has a spot in Guild Nemesis, isn’t that right, Quarrian?” Again the mutter in the background. “Imagine being on the other side of Artemis, sweetie.” I had thought about it, also discarded the idea. But she wasn’t done. “You could be an Assistant Defender in no time.” Since Dad was Chief Defender, I’d carry around not only the stigma of the boss’ daughter but the implication I only had my position because of him. Which would be true on both counts.
Shudder.
“You realize Mattew is now junior steward to the Forum,” Mom said, voice lowering just a little. “Not to compare sprites and leprechauns, dearest, but think about it. Your big brother, on the WPSF.”
He could keep the World Paranormal and Supernatural Forum posting. Politics made my head ache and so did ladder climbing. Did she really know nothing about me at all? Nor, frankly, did I feel like being in a position where I’d be constantly compared to my brother, his three brilliant kids, and his Guild Nemesis Assistant Defender wife.
“I’m sorry to be such a disappointment,” I said, no longer able to control my temper. It had been a long day and I still hadn’t unpacked, a fact that faced me down in a towering pile of belongings I honestly wasn’t sure I wanted anymore. For the second time I considered waving it all out of existence and starting from nothing, just so I didn’t have to deal with the past any longer.
“Georgia, really,” Mom huffed slightly. “You don’t have to take that tone with me.”
“I am well aware my decision to join Artemis wasn’t on your agenda,” I said, “and that my failure to rise in the ranks irked you and Dad to no end. Not to mention almost dying on the job, that had to be a blow to your egos.” I was going too far, and I knew it. But for some reason, for the first time in my life, I simply couldn’t turn my cheek and hold back with my mother. Maybe it was the distance, the new beginning or perhaps I’d just lost my mind at last. Whatever the case, I barreled on before she could talk over me like she always did and got the last of what I needed to shed off my chest. “I’m sure all your friends are whispering about my retirement and your failed Drake child, the broken one. But Drakes are leaders.” I mimicked Dad’s voice, feeling my face heating up. “Your grandfather Chamberlain is a Gold Dragon Sentinel, for legion’s sake.” I let my tone return to my own, though it held enough harshness I barely recognized it. “You might as well just write me off, then, Mom, because I’m not interested in anything you seem to think would make me worthy of the family.” Her silence on the other end had me wondering if she’d hung up, but I could hear her breathing, so I wrapped it up. “Thanks for calling to make me feel worse than I already do. Love you, too.” And hit end.
I tossed the phone to the kitchen island and scowled at it, expecting it to ring again. When it didn’t, guilt replaced anger so fast I sighed at the shift in myself.
She’d give me the silent treatment for a few days then I’d get another call, she’d cry, I’d apologize and we’d start the cycle all over again.
“They do love you, Mother,” Benjamin said.
“Oh hush.” I stroked his ears to soften the command. “It’s not your fault, but I don’t want to talk about it.”
“You could call Arimanthia.” My mastiff liked most people, but he adored my grandmother, the necromancer Sentinel for Guild Hades one of his favorite people on the planet and the reason I was able to adopt him in the first place. “She understands.”
While my grandmother did, she also chose to marry my dragon blood grandfather and the elevation in status that afforded her. Sure, she’d been an inquisitor when they’d met, knew the work I’d loved. She’d left it on purpose, however. Taken on political status thanks to her marriage. So did she really get me? Besides, she had her own motives and agendas. They all did.
I slowly crossed the room to stare with a distinct lack of enthusiasm at the boxes waiting for me. Almost called one of my old connections in Artemis, to see if any progress had been made, knowing there hadn’t. I’d come to the realization before I’d left for California my old guild had no intention of tracking the one who’d killed my partner and left me a damaged husk. The enemy had been too long uncaught, too clever by far, too deadly as well, as I found out. I suppose they were just trying to protect me. But that meant nor were they willing to allow me to investigate, the main reason I walked out of my Sentinel’s office and quit.
Childish, perhaps. Satisfying, at least in the moment. If I wanted to throw my life after Elias’ in pursuit of his killer, of the old enemy no one named past that generic whisper of a suggested persona, that was my choice. Too bad no one in Artemis agreed with me.
Satisfaction had turned to a dull ache I despised as much as the wretched tower of what had been my life, piled up in a mundane stack of ancient history and crowding out my future as much as it did my view.
“Please, Mother,” Benjamin nosed my hand, sorrow in his voice. “You promised you wouldn’t.”
I hugged him to me, sighing into his fur, taking solace from his warmth and strength. “I know,” I whispered, tears escaping despite my firm decision not to cry. “I’m sorry, Benny. I’ll be fine. This was the right move.” No more weeping over the past or my lost partner or frustration the enemy we hunted for over a decade escaped and would now likely never be caught. No one was looking.
Not even me.
Didn’t matter now. I kissed Benjamin’s nose then nodded at the pile of belongings before me.
Snapped my fingers.
And enjoyed the sudden scene of the moon rising over the ocean.

***

Chapter Nine

One thing about eliminating all of my possessions, I now needed to go shopping. And while yes, I took a few minutes the next morning to assemble and arrange some new furniture from a website I found—the designs easy enough to replicate—by the time I got to making myself some new clothes, I realized I’d rather have the full experience and actually try some things on.
In a store. Like a normal human.
Was it odd that felt exciting to me?
Regardless of the reality of the experience itself, the idea of it fired me up and had me moving at least, even humming a little as I sipped a coffee on the corner of my rather dilapidated deck—one of the jobs Sam Spencer would be tackling—and enjoyed the ocean view.
They came home in a rush of wings, perching next to me on the railing, leaning in to rub their beaks and heads against me, chattering and cooing as they did. I stroked the ravens, Benjamin offering licks of welcome, before the pair fluttered their wings into order and settled in for a feast of my leftover breakfast.
Harriet arrived shortly after, the raven’s gurgled croaking a welcome even if the sheriff seemed as put off by the pair as she had Benjamin the night before. But my dog immediately went to her and nosed her hand, encouraging her to scratch his ears, panting his happiness at seeing her. Benjamin always knew just how to put people at ease, the sheriff nodding and smiling, stepping carefully over a weak board as the mastiff guided her on a safe path to my side.
“Morning,” she said. Nodded to the birds who observed her with their heads cocked. “They’re pets?”
Caprice laughed. “Pets?” She repeated the word like she was simply a wild raven and not sentient, Conscio mimicking Harriet’s voice perfectly. “Morning,” he said.
Harriet giggled, but seemed anxious yet. “Never met anyone with crows for pets before.”
“And you still haven’t,” I said, reaching out to smooth the white female’s head feathers. She purred in response, silver eye flickering to Harriet again. “The ravens are more like family. They stay because they want to.”
“Morning,” Conscio said to me. Then laughed.
They were clearly enjoying teasing the sheriff who chuckled and shook her head, adjusting her hat in what seemed like a nervous gesture. “So no Polly want a cracker?”
The ravens both stood and flapped at that insult before flying off, croaking their disapproval while I winced.
“Guess I got my answer.” Harriet hesitated. “I know I’m asking a lot of you, Georgia, but Mavis found some things and I was hoping…”
“Let me get my phone,” I said. Glanced at Benjamin. You’ll need to stay.
Yes, Mother, he sent back, licking my hand, but with sorrow in his voice. You’ll come home for me?
Before you know it. I kissed the top of his head, stood, smiled at the sheriff whose relief I could feel as well as see. “Shall we?”
Fifteen minutes later and we stood in the brightly lit, stainless steel and white tile morgue, the body of Nick Parks laid out on the slab before us, covered modestly in a white sheet, milky gaze staring straight up. Mavis either hadn’t been able or didn’t bother trying to adjust his expression, the terror there making it uncomfortable to look at him for long.
The necromancer ME didn’t seem phased, though Harriet stood back a little, swallowing over and over again. Her phone kept buzzing, but she ignored it, enraptured, I suppose, by this experience. Was this her first dead body? Likely her first autopsy. I added a hint of comforting confidence to my aura and she settled somewhat, though I did notice she avoided making eye contact with the corpse.
Probably a good idea anyway, though Mavis wouldn’t have allowed him to rise even if Harriet did accidentally trigger a ghoul breakout, but one could never be too careful with fresh bodies, human or otherwise.
Zombies, on the other hand. Oy, did I have stories.
“Definitely heart failure,” Mavis said, pointing at a silver tray hanging over the body, attached to some kind of scale. “Fear will do that sometimes, especially when there’s a preexisting condition.” She’d bagged the heart medication, the evidence set aside on the tray where she’d laid out her implements. “I was just finishing up, but I’m confident the snake bite didn’t do the job.”
“And yet,” I said, “the snake did. Though, if the culprit knew the venom would take a half hour to forty-five minutes to kill Nick, could it have been a prank? Or, perhaps, an attempt to scare him and not end his life?”
“Really hard to know,” Mavis said, small, chubby hands stuck into the pockets of her lab coat silver hair and pale blue eyes translucent in the bright white lights. “I checked on antivenom on the mainland, though. It would have to have been flown in, which means he likely wouldn’t have made it anyway.” So murder, regardless. “One thing’s confirmed,” she picked up a chart, showed it to Harriet as she addressed me, “Tommy Cooper admitted it was his snake that bit the vic. And he claims there’s no way it would have escaped on its own.”
“Not like a reptile to just climb into a locked car either, I suppose,” I said. In my world? Sentient serpents certainly could achieve such a feat and were known for their silent deadliness as assassins and extricators employed to carry out Guild Hades justice. The perfect weapons and the ideal selection for ending the lives of those found guilty, their cold calculation and pristine logic making them incorruptible. Forget a half hour—try the moment of the bite triggering instant euphoria as the brain imploded. But a non-sentient species?
It had to have had help. But was that help ordinary or had there been magic involved and I’d missed it? No, I discarded that question almost immediately, sensing nothing in connection to the body. And surely Mavis would have indicated such a find if she’d uncovered wrongdoing from one of us. That left mundane hands and motives.
And questions for Miles Williams. He wasn’t the only one, however. It was Tommy Cooper’s snake, after all, and friendship or not, if he had motive, I’d help Harriet find it.
“Mavis,” I said, “can you do me a favor?” She nodded immediately, Harriet handing back the file while I thought about the ex-con who was the primary suspect. “Riley Gray.” She perked. “According to Harriet, Miles claimed he found her and her brother, that he took them to the hospital and wasn’t a part of the accident.” If somehow Nick was involved, that could be motive, especially after twenty years in prison for a crime Miles may not have committed. I know I’d have held a grudge. “The damage to the body would confirm either way? Indicate if she was inside the vehicle, correct?”
Mavis went to the computer on the other side of the room and I followed her, Harriet on my heels. I was happy enough to leave Nick Parks behind, though honestly, I’d been at enough accidental raisings and had to assist necromancers in putting down the undead I felt a little tingle between my shoulder blades every time I turned my back on a corpse.
“Let’s see, Riley Gray.” Mavis had donned a set of wire rimmed half glasses, her short but nimble fingers dancing over the keyboard. “And the file hasn’t been digitized.” She grunted like that was a mortal sin, turning toward the filing cabinet next to me, shooing me sideways so she could get access. I held still and quiet while she rifled through the folders, the sound of the drawer rollers loud in the stillness, punctuated by yet another buzzing round from Harriet’s phone. The sheriff checked the screen, grunted, and put it away while Mavis spoke.
“Here we are.” She slammed the drawer shut, faint scent of old paper wafting on the breeze she made, flipping the yellow cover open and scanning the interior. Her instant frown gave me relief, I’m not going to lie. There was a time I’d doubted my instincts, that I’d failed the one person in the world whose back I was supposed to have and drove him to leave me behind so he could face the enemy neither of us were prepared to take on.
Nice to know I wasn’t completely useless anymore.
“This can’t be right.” She looked up at Harriet. “The autopsy report’s useless.” She tossed it at the sheriff who looked it over but was clearly in the dark. I took it from her gently, scanned the information, realized Mavis was right.
Aside from a few notes about blunt force trauma, it was incomplete to the state of being either handled by an incompetent or someone who didn’t want anyone to know what really happened to Riley Gray.
“What if Miles was telling the truth, Harriet?” I met her troubled hazel eyes, noted her discomfort as she shifted her weight from one foot to another, frowning back at me. “What if he really did find her and her brother on the side of the road and had nothing to do with their injuries?” I handed the practically empty file to the necromancer ME who tossed it aside with a snort of disgust. “If Nick was somehow involved and Miles blames him…”
“But why wait three weeks?” Harriet shook her head. “Like you said last night, why not just sneak into town, do away with Nick and disappear?”
Excellent question. “We need to talk to him,” I said. “I have a feeling everything we need to know, Miles Williams can tell us.” And I had ways of sensing if he was lying or not.
We headed out, Mavis promising to look deeper into Riley’s death, a further search just in case she’d missed something, but I was fairly certain the only way we’d know what really happened to her physically was via a visit to the cemetery in the middle of the night. I’d suggest it to her if we ran into any roadblocks.
If Miles was innocent, he deserved justice.
Harriet slammed the cruiser door as I settled next to her, seatbelt clicking while she turned toward me, cheeks pink, breathing a little fast though we hadn’t hurried.
“Austin Cooper was sheriff when Riley died.” She blurted that into the warm air of the cabin before hitting the start button, air conditioning washing over both of us. She made no move to put the car in drive, to do anything but clutch the wheel and stare out the windshield with sweat standing out on her forehead and upper lip. “Do you think he had something to do with that autopsy?”
“Do you?” She obviously did but I needed her to come to that conclusion.
Harriet nodded, dabbing at her sweaty face, jaw clenching. “He’s been calling me non-stop,” she said. As if to prove her point, her phone buzzed again. She didn’t look at it this time, letting it vibrate on the console where she’d discarded it, AUSTIN COOPER flashing on the screen. “He’s been asking a lot of questions.”
“Bullying you, you mean,” I said. “Doing everything he can to make you feel inadequate and like you can’t do your job. Let me guess, because you’re a woman.” Typical distraction technique of the guilty in supposed authority. This wasn’t my first haunted carnival.
Harriet blinked at me, nodded. “This island, the people here, they’ve put their trust in me, Georgia. I can’t let them down. But Austin, he’s well known, well loved. If I go against him, I’m not sure what will happen.” She swallowed hard. “He covered something up, didn’t he?” Her voice had shrunk, her body, too, suddenly seeming tiny in the front seat, in that uniform she adored.
I didn’t answer. Because there was no need to. More importantly, really, was finding out what exactly the former sheriff did to hide what happened to Riley Gray and what, if anything, Nick Parks had to do with her death.
And Miles’ incarceration.
The residents of Whitewitch Island would just have to accept the truth when it came out.

***

Chapter Ten

It was Harriet’s suggestion we track down Sam Spencer, I swear. I had nothing at all to do with the sheriff’s idea he might know where Miles was and, even better, might have had him working on site that day, making our job easy. Though, if the ex-con had killed Nick Parks, there was a good chance even his boss had no idea where he was.
When we arrived at the cottage on the edge of Circe, the little community of what looked like well-established residences feeling a bit like you’d only be welcome if you were born on Whitewitch Island, I had to stop a moment and appreciate the view.
No, I didn’t mean the ocean, though I’m sure that was lovely to look at from the vantagepoint of the deck where Sam worked. If you were into water and the horizon and clouds and not gorgeously tanned and muscular men, shirtless in the California sun.
Sweaty. Hairless chest chiseled, not by weights or magic, but by hard work, faintly squinting at us as we walked up the path to the pile of lumber he was selecting a length of wood from, the heavy 2X6 balancing easily in his large and capable hands.
Did I mention he was sweating? Glistening, really, a ready smile on his face, though he shook his head at Harriet the moment she stopped beside him, apparently not as overtaken with the spectacle I was rather enjoying (thank goodness for mirrored sunglasses) as I was and able to focus on the conversation.
I am not ashamed to admit I almost missed the words coming out of that delicious creature’s mouth, though I dragged myself back from the precipice of admiration and more than a little lust and focused when I realized he already knew exactly why we were there.
“I haven’t seen Miles since yesterday evening,” Sam said, setting the board in place, retrieving his drill, one hand dipping into the worn leather pouch at his waist. “He didn’t hurt Nick, Harriet. He wouldn’t.”
Protective of those he trusted? An excellent trait, though perhaps naive. Not that I minded a bit of sweet innocence.
Harriet didn’t fully appreciate the nuances of his form or his denial of Miles’ guilt. “Detective Drake and I just need to talk to him, Sam,” she said. “No one’s jumping to any conclusions.”
He grunted, scowling now, visibly reassessing me now that he knew what I used to do for a living, or thought he did. He paused in his work to share that unhappiness with her along with a steady glare of his lovely gray eyes. “Tell that to pretty much everyone in Circe or on the island, Harriet,” he said. “No one ever gave Miles a chance, not when we were kids and not now. He’s always said he was innocent. Why wasn’t it ever investigated?”
“Do you think he killed Riley Gray, Sam?” Time to redirect, though the handyman didn’t seem any less resistant to the conversation’s direction when he nodded to me.
“I think Miles deserved better than he got,” he said. “He was a good kid who made mistakes and got railroaded for it. But I don’t know anyone in town who hasn’t screwed up. He just didn’t have anyone to stand up for him.”
It sounded like Sam would have, back in the day, if he hadn’t been a teenager himself. Even more to admire.
“There are two people right here who put justice ahead of this town’s politics,” the sheriff said. Sam finally relented, nodding, frown fading just a little. “We’re honestly trying to get to the bottom of it, that’s all. We really need to talk to him.”
Sam met my eyes, then let his gaze return to Harriet. “I haven’t seen him,” he said, voice dropping, sad edged before it firmed up again as he pivoted back to the board he’d been ready to attack with his tools. “If I do, I promise, I’ll let you know.” The horrible sound of the impact drill set my teeth on edge.
Harriet turned to me, nodded. “Thank you for all your help,” she said, “but I think I’ve got it from here.” Despite telling Sam the contrary, it seemed the sheriff had made up her mind about who killed Nick. I wasn’t so sure.
Sam wasn’t done arguing, either. “You just want to send him back to prison and get him out of town.” His temper was clearly getting the better of him. “So much for wanting the truth, Harry.”
She scowled back, spinning on him in her own little hissy fit. “Samuel Abraham Spencer,” she snapped. “I’ve known you since you were three years old. Have you ever once had reason to doubt me?”
He didn’t answer, though now he looked doubtful.
“First,” Harriet said, ticking off fingers for his benefit and her own, I had no doubt, “if Miles wasn’t guilty, why can’t we find him?” Sam stayed silent, the drill in his hand bouncing against his thigh. “Why run?”
“Because he knew everyone would think it was him,” I said. Realized only after I’d spoken that those words emerged without my actual permission, but now that they were out there, I shrugged while she shook her head at me.
“There was the fight over the apartment,” Harriet said. “Who knows what kind of trauma Miles went through in prison? I’m not saying it made him a killer. I’m just saying it may have shortened his trigger.”
“Circumstantial,” I said. “We need more, Harriet.”
“I saw that fight, by the way,” Sam said. “Nick was a total ass. Miles was really nice about it, polite. I went with him but stayed out of it because he asked me to. But if anyone was the aggressor, it was Nick.” He tossed his drill to the deck, crossing his arms over his chest. My, those were lovely biceps. “Called Miles a murderer right there on Athens Avenue.”
“Even more reason to think Miles might have been harboring a grudge,” Harriet shot back.
“You’re forgetting Riley Gray’s autopsy,” I said. Paused as she paled and gave me a very unhappy look that Sam missed, though he caught what I’d said.
“What about her autopsy?” He looked back and forth between us while I kicked myself internally. I’d been an inquisitor for how long and I made this rookie mistake? Certainly, I’d been out of the field a few weeks, but come on, Georgia Drake.
I quickly deflected, aiming a question at the handyman. “Does everyone in town know about Tommy Cooper’s serpentarium?”
He nodded quickly. “Tommy has the grade school kids in every year for a show and tour,” he said. “Been doing it for years.” Sam had pulled himself back from his anger because his arms dropped to his sides, hands out, imploring Harriet. “You know how they treated Miles when we were in school,” he said. “They bullied him then, Harriet, and they’re doing it now. He didn’t hurt Nick. Someone either set it up to look like Miles or…”
“Or what?” She didn’t seem convinced.
He shook his head. “It doesn’t matter, does it?” Not quite bitter, but his temper returning. Sam grabbed three boards this time, slamming them down on the deck, one of the ends bumping the edge of the hot tub already installed on the finished section, catching under the cover. Sam heaved, tugging the board clear, but not before knocking the unlatched top loose. “I’m done talking if you’re just going to focus on Miles and not actually investigate.”
Harriet seemed furious with his attitude, huffing, but I agreed with Sam. Was going to ask him another question, but didn’t get the chance.
It didn’t matter anymore what we’d been discussing. The moment the cover flipped up, something moved inside, steam parting, a dark shape surfacing. Not a shape, a body, floating in the heated water.
Flipped over, the staring face of the man I’d deemed the instigator, Jim Collins, bobbing to the surface.

***

Chapter Eleven

Harriet’s gasp of surprise preceded Sam’s lunge for the body, just barely. I managed to stop the handyman from interfering with evidence by grabbing him firmly with both hands, pulling him back toward me before he could leave my reach. Which resulted in a rapid loss of balance on his part when he turned to confront me, ending in the truly delicious Sam Spencer—bare torso and all—falling into me while I did my best to keep him upright.
You better believe I did. I kept my hands to safe places, I swear, though when he righted himself, did I notice his own touch lingering before he let me go?
Rather than press the point and with a corpse and a horrified sheriff to wrangle, I chose to address the issue at a later date. Not much later, though. And hopefully a date would be involved.
“You can’t touch him, Sam,” I said. “This whole scene is now off limits.” I almost snapped my fingers in Harriet’s face to break through the stunned expression that held her rigid and staring, but didn’t have to. She jerked herself back from the precipice of shock though she looked like she was no longer certain if this was the job for her after all.
“I’ll call Mavis,” she said, backing away. Stopped, face stricken, looking back and forth between me and Sam. “You can handle the scene?” She didn’t wait for me to answer, heading for her car while I gestured for the handyman to follow her.
He did so with visible reluctance, glancing back a few times at the bobbing body, retrieving his t-shirt from the end of the deck and donning it to my eternal regret. Not that the white cotton, tight across his chest and shoulders, did much to hide his musculature, but I was rather enjoying his company absent any such protection.
There would be opportunity to experience him again, no doubt. For now, I had a second death to deal with and it was pretty obvious this one wasn’t an accident either. Unless people around these parts willingly hot tubbed in their street clothes.
“Who’s house is this, Sam?” I pivoted to put my right shoulder to the deck, forcing him to turn as well, keeping the crime scene out of his eyeline. He seemed to settle when the sight of the dead man wasn’t front and center, though he did take a second to respond, frowning with sadness behind that furrow and jaw clench.
“Tommy Cooper,” he said. “He’s not living here, though. He’s at his dad’s until I’m done.” He stopped a moment, caught his breath. “That’s two deaths tied to him.”
He was the master of the obvious, though I didn’t criticize him for it. “I take it you’ve been working on the site since this morning?”
Sam thought about it, big hands running through his hair, over the stubble on his cheeks, then tucking into his back pockets as he gathered his thoughts. The visible pathway he took to regaining control and focus fascinated, though from a hormonal perspective. How would it feel to mimic that trail of touch? I had to shake off my own distraction that had nothing to do with death and everything to do with the fact I’d clearly been on my own too long while he answered. “I got here about 7:30AM,” he said. “Been here ever since.” It was just past 10AM. Sam blanched then, drew a shaking breath before he freed both hands and held them up as though to deflect some attack that hadn’t come. “I swear I had nothing to do with it.”
Honestly, that thought hadn’t crossed my mind. Sam had the kind of lovely, earthy aura that I equated with the truly compassionate and kind. Someone like him struggled to hang onto a lie, wore their allegiances and loyalties like badges of honor and stood by those they loved and cared about through everything. While endearing and, yes, naive, if Sam had killed Jim Collins, I’d have sensed it from him.
Unless he was somehow hiding the truth from me. But that would take powerful magic, deception on a level that rivaled the best the Guilds had to offer. Somehow, I couldn’t bring myself to believe Sam was anything but who and what he seemed to be.
“You’re not a suspect,” I said, watching the relief wash over him, though his grim denial returned immediately as his brain spun toward the inevitable deduction. “Sam, was Miles aware you were working here today?”
He didn’t answer right away, glancing toward the body despite his own position, then back over his shoulder at Harriet on the phone near her car. When he did return his attention to me, it was with a sick expression behind that steadfast refusal to turn on his friend.
“He was with me here the last three days,” Sam said. “I know what you’re thinking.”
“How clever of you,” I said. “Since I’m not sure myself what to think.”
Sam’s voice dropped, keeping our conversation between us, though Harriet was far enough away she couldn’t hear us anyway. “Please don’t let them blame this on Miles. If he is guilty…” he stopped, face twisting in regret he even spoke those words aloud before he rushed on. “If he is guilty, so be it. But if someone is setting him up, Miles deserves justice to find out the truth and have the real killer punished.”
I nodded. “While your sheriff might have an emotional investment in the outcome,” I said, “and history to color her judgments, I do not.” I let that sink in. “Harriet is a good person, Sam. She’s honest, too. She’s anxious to solve these deaths,” I gestured at the hot tub while the rumble of an engine preceded the arrival of a van and an ambulance, voices interfering, door slamming trying to draw us both away from our conversation but failing. “And that’s fair enough. I’ve had enough years and experience in the field to know not to jump to conclusions and as long as she asks me to continue assisting, I promise I won’t stop until the real killer is found.” I felt Mavis approaching, the fluttering hum of necromancy bumping up against my power. “Even if it’s Miles.”
Sam’s intense gray eyes never left mine as I reassured him and, when Mavis joined us, nodded.
Now, to honor that promise. Because I really wanted him as a friend, not a disappointed and disillusioned acquaintance.
Mavis’ pale blue eyes sparkled with something I could only imagine was supposition about my present circumstance, the faint grin she flashed me supporting that guess. But when she faced off with Sam, she was all ME, the EMTs slipping past her and heading for the deck with Harriet guiding them.
“Tell me what you found,” she said. “Don’t leave anything out.”
I left her to talk to Sam, doing a slow and careful circle of the property, searching for the physical trace of whoever might have killed Jim Collins. Trouble was, this scene wasn’t exactly pristine and I didn’t have a scrap of hindsight to call on. Not that seeing the past was all that reliable, really, muddied as such magic was by the passage of time. With only my senses to guide me, I established quickly that not only was Sam here, so were the men for whom Jim Collins was a friend, the same men I’d encountered in the restaurant and on the road the night before.
They’d all been here, Tommy and Luke, Charlie and, yes, Jim. Nick.
And Miles. Though, to be fair, he’d had good reason, right?
I joined the sheriff and necromancer ME as Mavis gave the EMTs permission to remove the body. He’d only been submerged a short time, not yet bloated past that point of recognition, though either the heat had been turned up past safe levels by accident or the killer had done the deed themselves because he’d been rendered to a lovely red shade by the temperature of the water.
Boiled corpse, how delightful.
“The lid was on,” Harriet was telling Mavis. “So whoever did this tried to hide it, unlike Nick’s death. Could that mean this is unrelated?”
Harriet, grasping at straws? I wasn’t necessarily disappointed, but I certainly hoped she wasn’t entertaining such a possibility with any kind of conviction. “It’s possible whoever hid the snake in Nick’s car didn’t intend for him to die last night.” I didn’t mean to burst the sheriff’s bubble. I’d done a little research into the weapon of choice and the facts lined up differently than the outcome. “For all we know, the snake bit him prematurely. They are most active in the morning and if the killer was aware of that,” looking at you, Tommy Cooper, “there’s a chance they’d intended for the snake to strike this morning, not last night.”
Harriet paled. “Does that mean we might have other targets?” She was quick, I’d give her that, and had the heart and mind of an investigator. She just needed experience. Too bad being thrown into the deep end of the pond was her initiation into such a process, but she wasn’t alone, at least.
“We might want to have a chat with Charlie Jackson,” I said. “And I’d like to sit down with Dr. Cooper.” I watched as the EMTs settled the dripping corpse onto the trolly. Joined Mavis—Harriet hanging back, and I hardly blamed her—for a quick look at the body before she took it back to the morgue.
Noted immediately the indentation in Jim Collins’ skull near the left eye.
“Looks like blunt force trauma,” Mavis said, turning to look at the rim of the hot tub. “Shape of the wound is consistent with the edge.”
“So maybe he fell?” Harriet’s wistful hopefulness really was adorable, but she needed to get over such hope, sadly, if she wanted to solve this case and the one before it.
“His shirt is missing a top button,” I said, “and the fabric is torn slightly.”
Mavis nodded over it, checking Jim’s hands. “No sign he tried to fight off whoever did this,” she said, pointing out pristine knuckles on both hands. “Why wouldn’t he struggle?”
Fear made people do odd things, like panic to a frozen state, something that would have allowed his attacker the freedom to push him into the tub without resistance. And yet, I struggled to believe this was some criminal mastermind we dealt with. Clever, certainly, and diabolical to murder two men on the same night. Still, why drown the man in a hot tub and leave him to be found?
“I don’t know if it makes a difference,” Sam called out where he’d remained at the end of the deck, watching the proceedings, “but Jim was terrified of water.”
Which clicked the death into place in connection to Nick’s and identified the means of possible attack for the other two men tied to the corpses, if not the motivation for their murders.
None of which mattered as a giant pickup truck pulled up behind the ambulance and the loud—we heard him from the street as he started shouting orders the moment the door to his vehicle opened and didn’t stop as he strode up the path to the crime scene uninvited—and obnoxious intrusion of the town’s former sheriff, Austin Cooper, made himself unrelentingly known.

***

Chapter Twelve

If I hadn’t seen Tommy Cooper get out of his father’s truck, I wouldn’t have known he was there, the vet staying behind the retired lawman and letting Austin do the talking.
Shouting, actually, but who was I to quibble semantics?
“Where’s the ME?” His booming voice might have carried well over a field of battle or one of sport, but felt entirely inappropriate and rather boorish as he bullied his impressively round bellied way forward into the fray like a man ready to take on all challengers. I instantly noted the shift in Harriet, how she cringed just slightly, her aura shifting from confidence tinted with doubt to full-on nervous anxiety. To her credit, she hid it fairly well to the naked eye. I, however, had means beyond the norm to watch for signs of distress and she was advertising her stress to anyone who could read the details.
Now, not that I was confrontational or anything, but I’d spent enough years as an inquisitor dealing with the high and bitey who believed they had privilege over the rest of us I’d grown accustomed to managing such persons with the skills I’d obtained putting said arrogant souls behind bars for their crimes despite their breeding and power base.
Someone like Austin Cooper held not a single flame to the rank and file of magical creatures, users and manipulators who thought they alone were above the laws of our kind. I’d been entrusted with the kind of power that could bring even the most respected of paranormals low, my position in Guild Artemis overwriting all others and, thanks to those years of knowing I was, in fact, the only law that mattered diminished any ability I had to feel awe or reverence or any sort of respect, quite frankly, for those who tried to push their weight around, either with magic behind it or not.
And while such power could have made me arrogant—and perhaps had, to a degree—I’d had the ever cynical and teasingly undercutting observations of my hunter partner, Elias Barrow, to keep me grounded.
Oh, George, you had to think of him at a time like this. He’d have laughed at the predicament I’d put myself into and written the entire thing off before going in search of something more interesting to do.
As for me? I found myself stepping between the agitated sheriff doing her best and the older, bullying energy of her retired counterpart with Elias’ favorite mocking smile on my lips.
“Detective Georgia Drake,” I bald-faced lied to Austin Cooper, sticking out my hand like I was normal, too. “May we help you, Mr. Cooper?”
His already florid complexion darkened to a deeper red, though he did manage an impressive splutter, staring down at me from his six-inch advantage. If he pushed that big belly of his toward me any further I wasn’t going to be responsible for the fact he might wake up tomorrow on a lily pad.
“I demand—”
How I loved demands from those who didn’t deserve answers. “Mr. Cooper,” I interrupted him—no magic, I promise—with a smooth interjection and wave of one hand, “we have a murder investigation to continue. Civilians are not welcome on the scene. If you would please return home, we’ll be along in a little while with questions.” How delightful, the widening of his eyes, the way he fish lipped and gaped at me as though he could barely contain his anger, belly jiggling in denial of my calm and firm rejection of his presence. “Dr. Cooper,” I leaned around his furious father and waved him forward, “you, however, shall remain.” Tommy Cooper hesitated, staring at the back of his father’s head, the older man’s rigid stance showing every sign of pending rebellion. Time to show him he wasn’t boss here and never would be again. “Sheriff Quinn will escort you to your vehicle, sir.” I gestured for her to comply, caught the flash of a grin on her face, felt the relief washing over her. And completed my dismissal of the still spluttering man by turning away from him, pointing at his son to join me.
I’d just superseded the sheriff’s authority. I really needed to watch my step, despite her willingness to allow me to take control.
Hard not to miss the sound of another approaching engine, the slamming of two doors, though I chose not to acknowledge the arrival of Luke Morrison and Charlie Jackson, instead focusing on the trembling and visibly agitated veterinarian whose house this was. I didn’t spare Austin Cooper another glance, though I tracked his slamming exit with power, felt Harriet’s confidence and courage bolster, hoped I’d done the right thing as Tommy glanced at the hot tub with a tinge of ashen nausea to his skin tone.
“I’m going to be sick,” he said, swallowed. “Did they really find Jim…?”
“I did, in fact,” I said, soothing his upset stomach with the faintest touch of magic, feeling him settle. Wondered at how blasé I’d become about turning a cheek to the minor infractions I’d never have contemplated before my move here. Elias would have approved. “Can you tell me, were you here last night with Mr. Collins?”
He shook his head, one hand wiping at his mouth, the sound of his friends talking with Harriet and Sam Spencer a faint distraction that drew his attention a moment before he came back to me. Haunted blue eyes met mine, lower lip trembling, but he kept it together thanks to my whisper of assistance. “We’ve been using the tub some nights,” he said, one hand waving across the scene in a generalized gesture, “despite the renos. Jim hated water, did they tell you that?” I nodded. “He never got in, not once, always sat beside the tub and drank with us.” Tommy’s voice hitched, breath catching, tears welling in his eyes. “He was terrified of the water, anything bigger than a bathtub. We teased him about it all the time. There’s no way he’d go in on his own.”
“Dr. Cooper,” I said, “while I realize this is an upsetting time, you do realize you’re now personally tied to two deaths of unusual circumstance.” He just stared at me, shaking his head but not speaking. “Can you think of anyone who would have wanted to hurt Mr. Collins?” I waved off the obvious. “Anyone who might have had a grudge against him.”
Tommy thought about it a moment, shrugged. But he didn’t get to respond, because it turned out Harriet hadn’t followed through on her task as I’d hoped and the booming voice of Austin Cooper interrupted yet again.
At least he stayed next to his truck, though that didn’t seem to curtail his decision to interject himself in the case. “We all know who did this,” he yelled. “Harry, why haven’t you arrested that punk yet?”
I turned to scowl at the present sheriff while eyeballing the former one as Sam Spencer spun himself, glaring at Austin where he leaned into his pickup, judgment radiating from the retired lawman.
“That’s just like you, Austin,” Sam snapped. “Jumping to conclusions and not caring who really committed a crime. As long as you get to arrest someone and put them in prison, even if they are innocent.”
“You have no idea what you’re talking about, boy,” Austin snarled back.
“Enough.” Well now, Harriet Quinn, that was a surprise, though I privately cheered her on while she put herself between the handyman and her precursor. “Austin, I told you to go home. Now git.” She glared up at Sam who crossed his arms over his chest, belligerent refusal to leave written all over him. “You’re done, too,” she said. “Go home, Sam. Or to your next job. This one’s closed for business.”
Nicely done, and finally moved both men to obey, though was it wrong I wished Sam had lingered? Personal desires aside, yes, yes it was.
It turned out, while he finally decided to exit as ordered, Austin Cooper wasn’t done just yet. “I knew I should never have retired,” he shouted as he gunned his engine. “You’re going to get more people killed, Harriet Quinn!” Gravel sprayed from his back tires, the bumper of his large, black truck barely missing the car Luke and Charlie arrived in, the former sheriff squealing tires in a temperamental show a toddler would be hard-pressed to emulate while I again turned my back on him and focused on Tommy.
“Do I need a lawyer?” He’d turned grim in the time it took for his father to unfold his little hissy fit.
“Lawyer?” I wasn’t sure what that meant, felt a poke in my ribs, turned to find Mavis had joined me, large eyes widening a little.
“Defender,” she whispered.
Ah. “If you wish to employ one, that is your right to do so.”
He blinked, shook his head as Harriet and his two friends joined us. I glanced up at the sound of another truck engine, noting Sam leaving and held off a wave only out of a quick suppression of instinct. Not appropriate, Georgia. There would be time later for personal inquiries.
“Jim was my lawyer,” Tommy said, Charlie squeezing his shoulder, his aura shaken, muddied by fear and sorrow, Luke hanging back, hugging himself, the energy around him so compressed with grief I could barely feel anything but that morose darkness. All while the EMTs zipped up the body bag and trundled the corpse off to the ambulance.
“Perhaps it would be better to conduct this conversation in a less personal environment.” I nodded to Harriet who nodded back, all of her confidence returned and then some.
“Gentlemen,” she said, adjusting her hat, voice dropping as she drew on her authority so deeply I almost grinned, “if you’d be so kind, let’s go have a little chat at the office and let our Dr. Fernsby finish her work.”
They left, if reluctantly, the three following Harriet while I lingered with the ME. She watched them go herself, snapping off her gloves and pushing back the elastic hood of her coverall, sighing.
“You gave Harriet a gift she’ll never repay,” she said, soft and sad. “I hope she appreciates it.”
I shrugged, smiled down at the necromancer who squinted up at me, the sun’s angle directly on her face. “She has excellent instincts and a passion for the work,” I said. Paused as the thought surfaced. “Why did she never pursue law enforcement?”
Mavis’ lips thinned. “That’s a question you’ll have to ask Harriet,” she said. “I’m more interested in Riley Gray.”
I nodded in return, watching her unzip her coverall and strip it from her body, the ambulance pulling away, two deputies unrolling yellow police tape around the unfinished deck. Mavis and I backed off and this time I did wave while Harriet followed the three men as they drove off, presumably to the sheriff’s station. “Have you found out anything further that would explain the autopsy’s issues?”
“Nothing,” she snarled, surprising me with her venom. I waited for her to go on, heard her tsk softly, slapping the used coverall, now bunched in one hand, against her thigh, the soft whirr of the police tape unravelling filling the quiet. “Not one blessed thing, Georgia. And that troubles me greatly.” She bit the inside of her cheek, staring at the hot tub. “Inquisitor, I believe Miles Williams was framed for that girl’s murder and someone in town is covering it up.”
“Someone,” I said, mildly but with weight. “A former sheriff, perhaps.”
“Perhaps.” She exhaled heavily. “The trouble is, we have no idea if that young woman’s passing even has anything to do with these murders.”
“It’s a small town,” I said. “Miles returning and the deaths coming so close together, it has to be connected, Mavis.” Just a bit of magic, that would be all I’d need. All right, more than a bit. Enough to draw attention I didn’t want focused in my direction.
“I’m the first one to break our lesser laws when required,” Mavis said, voice soft and a little thick. “But don’t you go putting yourself up for inquiry yourself over this, Georgia Drake.”
She was right, of course. Losing my power and possibly my life over something that had nothing to do with me wasn’t how I planned to go out. No, that would happen either at the hands of the enemy who killed my partner or after a long life in the comfort of those who loved me.
“I don’t need magic to know something’s not right,” I said. “And uncovering truths is what I do best, power or no power.” I hoped my reassuring smile smothered her worry. So kind of her to care what happened to me. “Trust me, Thaumaturge Fernsby,” I used her Guild Hades title instead of her mortal one, “my sense of self-preservation is stronger than my curiosity. Besides, mortals are much easier to investigate than mages, wouldn’t you agree? They give so much away without knowing it.”
She grunted, grinned. “Idiots,” she agreed. “I kind of love them, though.”
That made me laugh, to which she joined me, if only for a moment.
“Someone is going to great lengths to kill these men with the thing they fear most,” Mavis said when we both fell silent. “Whatever that means.”
An avenue of inquiry. But where would it lead me?

***

Chapter Thirteen

Instead of joining Harriet at the police station, I instead returned home to retrieve Benjamin and search for Miles with his particular skill set. The mastiff’s nose and magic were much more suited to finding someone trying to hide than my ability to uncover answers to questions those I spoke to didn’t necessarily want revealed. It made me miss Elias even more, though that spike of sadness dissipated as I paused near my mailbox at the end of the lane, noting the little red flag standing at attention.
How peculiar, though I was familiar with the symbolism and opened the small hatch to find a letter inside. Quaint and rather pleasing, this delivery of some mundane offering, though it felt weighty on one end, like it contained more than paper, the heavy parchment of the envelope bearing only my address in careful and precise letters.
I carried it inside, setting it on the counter as Benjamin hurried to greet me, hugging the mastiff, kissing the top of his head. Noted the return of Conscio and Caprice, the pair snuggled together on the back of the new sofa, heads tucked under one another’s wings, muttering in their sleep as they dreamed raven dreams.
We left without waking the birds, my mastiff following me out to the lane, the leash I carried in my hand merely an affectation as was the thick, black collar he wore. Not that Benjamin minded either. They bothered me more than they’d ever trouble him, of course. Still rankled anyone would ever think he was so ill behaved he required harnessing. Not to mention, if Benjamin wanted to run off? I’d have to use magic to stop him and even that would be a challenge.
“You’re troubled, Mother,” he said, keeping his voice low as we walked back toward town.
“I am,” I said. And filled him in on everything I’d learned, including about the new body and Mavis’ worries about Riley Gray.
“Should we seek out Miles Williams now?” Benjamin’s words faded into a soft grumble as one of the locals strode past, headphones in her ears, arms pumping, waving her enthusiastic greeting while giving my mastiff side-eye.
My plan to do so had gone to the wayside as I’d told him what I knew. “I think I’d like to find out more about Riley and her brother first,” I said. “If Miles was framed, perhaps Brian Gray might have information that can assist in finding who really killed his sister and injured him so greatly.”
You have suspects in mind, Benjamin sent as we passed the crossroads and entered the end of the main street. Athens Avenue, while not packed by any means, had enough pedestrian traffic his outside voice would draw far more attention than we needed.
I do, I sent. Though what really happened that night I’m not sure yet. However, if I’m correct and the deaths are linked to Riley’s death, there’s a good chance Miles Williams only came back to Whitewitch Island for revenge.
Poor Sam, Benjamin sighed both in my head and out loud, a giant inhale and exhale that made the three young men we walked past at that moment all lean away from my huge dog. He’s very innocent and kind, isn’t he?
Look who’s talking, I thought, though Benjamin had seen more than his share of death and destruction, he’d always maintained his sweet nature. And poor Sam indeed. I wasn’t going to have that conversation with my mastiff, thank you, intelligent or not. Up for a visit to the Gray family?
Whatever you need, Mother, Benjamin panted a happy smile at me. You feel better. Are you better, Mother? With something to do? He grumbled a happy little sound. I like having something to do. Not crying. Or fighting tears. Not. Shall we ask Harriet to come, Mother? Benjamin crossed the street as I guided him, heading for the other side of town and the Gray’s house.
Not just yet, I sent. I want to look into this myself before I’m forced to make her face the fact people she’s known her whole life have been covering up the truth.
You’re so wise and caring, Mother, he sent. I’m so glad you saved me.
Legion and stars, he needed to stop doing that or I’d burst into tears in the middle of Circe.
It didn’t take long to reach the residence in question, their address simple enough to locate thanks to the local town directory I accessed on my phone. Mind you, magic was a huge help, drawing me with a thin thread of light only Benjamin and I could see, our casual pace carrying us to our destination in less than ten minutes.
I paused outside the rather rundown bungalow, noting the fading yellow paint on the exterior, the chipped white around the front door, rust cutting through once crisp black ironworks that decorated the porch. One of the black shutters had fallen free, propped up against the concrete foundation, partially hidden by an overgrown shrub, the grass in need of mowing and gravel path more green than stone. But it was the miasma of sorrow that hovered in an oppressive cloud around the house that caught my attention and slowed my pace to a standstill, the light string guide flickering out of view when I released it, frowning into the abiding grief that had engulfed this place with its somber melancholy.
Sadness lives here, too, Benjamin whispered in my head.
He could say that again.
I almost didn’t bother disturbing the Grays, their deep-seated grief nearly enough to send me away. I could only imagine those they used to love and care about no longer visited, that their underdeveloped intuitions drove them from this place and left the Grays in their hurt and pain. But I had questions and my curiosity had always been stronger than my self-preservation, part of the reason I made a good inquisitor.
I was knocking on the front door before I realized Benjamin and I had passed through the rickety gate, my mouth suddenly dry and skin feeling tight, no magic here but a warding spell cast regardless, that of a family unwilling to come to terms with what happened to them and who lived in blame and guilt and anger every moment of their lives.
When the inside door cracked open, a rusting screen between us, the woman on the other side peering at me with a lack of interest, I again second-guessed this decision before offering a small, kind smile.
“Mrs. Gray?” She glanced down at Benjamin who’d sat down, panting and grinning and doing his best to look innocent, though she didn’t react with fear to his presence. “My name is Georgia Drake. I was hoping I could talk to you and your husband.” She blinked slowly at me. “Mrs. Gray, I’m so sorry to bother you, but it’s about Riley.”
That caught her attention. She eased the inner door open further, staring at me through the dirty screen between us.
“What about Riley?” Her voice sounded dusty, disused, like she’d barely spoken over a whisper in years. But she cleared her throat, tried again, stronger this time, some of the heaviness over her lifting, if not from the house itself. “How do you know my daughter?”
“Mona?” He shuffled into view behind her, looking up and meeting my eyes. While she existed in pure grief and loss, he lived for dull rage smothered by shame. Did he blame his daughter for her death? “Who are you? What do you want?”
“Mr. Gray,” I said. “I’m working with Sheriff Quinn on the murders. I was hoping to talk to you about Riley.”
“What does that have to do with those boys dying?” He’d already dismissed me, I could see it on his face. Along with the kind of rage that I’d seen precede murder. He’d lived too long in hate to keep it from surfacing, it seemed.
But she was still with me. “Fred,” Mona Gray said in that dull tone, “she has information about Riles.”
He swayed, the barest glimmer of something I could just sense as hope rising before he crushed it under that resurgence of vitriol and intense anguish fed by pure and powerful rage. Before he turned his back, shuffling further into the dim house.
“Nothing to say about that,” he grumbled.
She glanced back over her shoulder, then up at me again. “Come in, please.” Mona Gray stepped back, letting me inside, her thin, pale hands fluttering in front of her dressing gown though it was almost noon, skinny calves and ankles disappearing into worn, brown slippers. “Forgive the mess,” she said, leading me deeper into the house, past the front entry, devoid of light, wallpaper peeling in places, the cracked linoleum floor unswept, Benjamin padding along next to me. We bypassed the living room with its deep shag carpet that smelled of mildew and beer, curtains drawn across the plate glass window, and entered the small kitchen, Mona gesturing for me to join her at the tiny table. I sank into the plastic seat, one hand on Benjamin’s shoulder as he settled next to me, the woman’s sunken eyes now dark pits as the lack of light gave her a ghastly cast of color to her skin.
“Can I offer you tea?” I waved off the kindness with a small smile.
“Thank you,” I said, “but I’m not here to trouble you for refreshment.” She sat across from me, clutching her dressing gown closed at the throat, her long, graying hair in a messy bun at the nape of her neck, free hand settling on her chest, giving me a clear view of her torn and tattered cuticles. She licked her dry lips, glancing again with that furtive and pained anxiety down the hall toward the living room before nodding.
“What did you want to know?” Mona huddled in her misery. “Or did you really have something to tell me?”
I hesitated while Benny stood and leaned toward her, laying his huge head in her lap. Her startled expression made me smile, all of her grief and agony leaving her in that shining moment when the dear mastiff looked up at her with those soulful eyes and nudged her for pats.
She did, dropping both hands to his soft face, stroking his full ears, tears welling and spilling down her cheeks to land on his fur. He held very still and quiet and took on her sorrow, my amazing friend, until Mona Gray looked up at me, sniffling and actually smiling, if just a little.
“He’s lovely,” she said.
“Benjamin is a good boy,” I said. “I can only imagine what you’ve been through the last twenty years, Mrs. Gray. Especially with Miles Williams returning after all this time.”
She flinched a little, but kept petting Benjamin and nodded. “I went to see him once.” Her whisper was back, but I had a feeling it had more to do with her husband overhearing than it did her lack of ability to maintain volume. “In prison, that horrible place.” Amazing she retained any kind of empathy for others considering her own hurts. “He always said he was innocent.” Her sunken eyes blinked. “Is he?”
The last thing I wanted was to upset her. Of course she deserved the truth, when the time came. But I wasn’t here to tell her what I guessed. My real goal was Brian.
“I know your son’s trauma was immense,” I said. “But I was hoping you’d let me see him.” I gestured at Benjamin who still hadn’t moved, tail wagging slowly back and forth. “As you can see, my mastiff has a rather remarkable way of reaching people.” She nodded at that, smiling down at him, still crying. “If Brian has remembered anything at all from that night…”
Mona sighed deeply, shrugged her thin shoulders under the pilled pink of her fleece dressing gown, the fabric long ago worn to dinginess no washing would remove. “If you think it will help,” she said. “But Brian…” she choked a moment, then cleared her throat. Stood abruptly, hand on Benjamin’s head. “This way.”
She led us through the first door on the left, opening it and stepping through without bothering to check if we’d followed, though Benjamin remained at her side, panting softly. I held back, waited for him to do his magic, both physically and with that distinctive connection of which he was capable, though the moment my eyes adjusted to the dark room, more curtains, more neglect, I realized this effort was more than likely in vain.
Benjamin sat at the foot of the bulky wheelchair, nose exploring the small, shriveled and bent fingers in the lap of the twisted man who sat there, mouth agape, eyes staring forward as his wasted body leaned distinctly to the left.
There would be no information from Brian Gray, and now the true source of the darkness that surrounded this home made itself known. Perhaps if he, too, had passed that night, if he’d joined his sister in death, his parents would have been able to grieve and perhaps move past the crushing pain of that loss. Instead, for the last twenty years, they’d cared for the remains of the boy they loved to the best of their ability while he sat, trapped and lost, in the shell of who he had been.
I almost thanked her and left, just hurried out and abandoned this idea all together. The utter crushing weight of being in that room with Mona and her guilt had a power to it unlike the magic I was used to. I’d known sorrow, but nothing like this.
To my surprise, however, Benjamin came through for me regardless of my doubts. Instead of laying his head in Brian’s lap, he licked the man’s face, gently on both cheeks, before nuzzling his silent hands with that wet nose, rumbling a soft, grumbly chuff of encouragement.
And Brian reacted. Hummed almost immediately, hands wriggling in his lap, pressing against Benjamin’s fur, a smile lifting one corner of his mouth, eyes coming alight.
Mona wept. Turned away and cried into her hands while I reached out and held her and was suddenly grateful—even if this didn’t help me find out what happened to his sister—that I’d brought Benjamin to Brian even if it only helped a little.
His mother pulled away from me, smiling herself again, while Brian’s activity grew, hands managing to lift and settle on the mastiff’s fur while my dog encouraged the attention with the gentleness that was his signature.
He can’t remember anything, Mother, Benjamin sent, voice sad. But he’s happy I’m here. He looked over his shoulder at me, panting his joy. That’s good, isn’t it? I made him happy?
You make us all happy, Benny, I sent, while sorting through my magic. Surely there was a way to help, some power I could use to heal him, to bring him back—even just a little more—to his mother.
But there was nothing there, nothing to hold onto. No glimmer of the accident, at least, that took his sister and his future. Just joy. Joy in Benny.
And that was going to have to be enough.

***

Chapter Fourteen

I waved to Mavis who hustled toward me like her life depended on it, side-stepping a pair of young women who giggled as she grunted her way past them to drop herself into the seat across from me. I pushed the pre-ordered coffee toward her, Benjamin moving in for some pats as the retired necromancer sighed her delight at her first long drink of java despite the warmth of the day on the sunny patio outside the local coffee shop.
I saluted her with my ice cappuccino, Benjamin already finished with his donut and bowl of water the lovely baristas supplied him after giving him copious hugs and kisses. Giant black dog or not, women loved him for the most part and the local girls here in Circe were no exception.
Mavis sat back with a long exhale, her skin pink and fighting the tan I knew I was already beginning to sport, silver curls wavering in the thin breeze, scent from the lovely flowers climbing a nearby trellis making me smile despite the reason for the meeting. Two deaths aside, Whitewitch Island was no slouch when it came to a welcoming feeling I hadn’t expected but rather enjoyed even if the only other magic user in the place was a grumpy on the outside, focused and intense on the inside retired thaumaturge.
I could choose worse companions.
“Next time we meet at your house,” she grunted over the lip of her plastic coffee cover. “I want to meet those ravens of yours. Seen them flying last evening, the pair of them, having a sport of a go over the water.” Mavis grinned at me suddenly. “Nice having some of us around after all this time.”
“How long have you lived here?” I almost tagged that question with, “And why Whitewitch Island?” Instead, I let her answer.
And wasn’t disappointed. “About ten years now,” she said. “Got tired of guild politics, you know the business.” I nodded. “My husband died.” She shrugged like it was nothing to her anymore, but I felt better, the faint hurt remaining though she did a good job hiding it. Benjamin immediately nuzzled her for pats, a sign he sensed it too and she didn’t argue with him, stroking his fur in long sweeps of her free hand. “The old fool, he was an alchemist. Working on a new chemical compound for Guild Ares.” The war guild? Interesting. “Blew up in his face.” She shook her head, mouth turning down just a little. “At least he didn’t suffer.”
So matter of fact. And prompted me to speak when I hadn’t meant to. “I know your pain, sister,” I said. Stopped. I hadn’t talked to anyone about Elias, not the Guild redactors who’d tried to see into my head, not my family. Just Benjamin and the ravens, because they’d been there. And even they only knew what they knew.
Mavis nodded a ponderous motion of her head. “I figured as much,” she said. Squinted at me. “You’re that inquisitor, aren’t you. Came up against the enemy. Lost your hunter.”
I nodded, swallowed twice to wash away the tightness in my throat.
“This place.” The elements bless her for changing the subject. Mavis waved her patting hand around to take in the town and the island before resuming her Benjamin love. “There’s something about it that appeals to me. No magic, not like us. But it has a magic of its own, I think.” Her faraway gaze snapped back to me. “When the old ME retired I kind of just…” she’d set her coffee down, spread both hands, grinned then ruffled Benjamin’s ears. “Normal people are so much more fun than our kind.”
I set my own drink aside, and though I appreciated the small talk and the sharing, I had important things on my mind. Mavis must have known it because her face settled while I spoke.
“There’s no doubt in me Riley Gray’s death hides a secret,” I said.
Mavis spun her cup before answering. “We could ask to exhume.”
I’d considered it. “Perhaps something a little less invasive?” What I suggested, while not exactly illegal since the subject was dead, still skirted a thin line between let’s do it and hang on a second.
If Mavis agreed with my assessment, however, she didn’t show it, wicked smirk surfacing. “Necromancy,” she rumbled under her breath. “I haven’t had reason to raise anyone in an age.” She winked. “You’re right. We shouldn’t disturb the normals with this.” Was she actually excited? Her smile was infectious, even Benny panting his happiness, standing back to grin at her. “Tonight?”
While we could have attempted it in the daylight, since both of us had necromancer abilities, the dead of night was much more appealing, if only to keep the locals from asking questions.
“I’m not even sure if this has anything to do with what’s going on.” There was my doubt again. Elias would have teased me for letting it come to the forefront. “I might be wasting our time.”
“Or, at the very least,” Mavis said, leaning forward, voice and gaze intense, “you’re uncovering a lie that’s plagued this town for twenty years. The truth outs, Georgia. You know that better than most. Lies can only hide for so long before their rot eats away at the space containing them.” I did know. Guilt and shame were my two best tools when it came to inquisition. “They might not be grateful for the outcome, but this town and this island and everyone who lives here will be better for the truth.”
That I agreed with. Solving the old mystery might not resolve the new ones, but I could at least bring some justice to Riley and Brian and maybe just a little peace to her family.
“You’re wasted on this place,” Mavis said suddenly, grin flashing darker. “But I’m glad to have you, Georgia Drake. Even if only for a little while.”
“You have foresight or something?” I fully intended to stay, after all. At least, as long as I dared before moving on. Then again, Mavis managed ten years, so maybe that meant I could make this my forever home.
“Just a hunch and instincts I trust,” the retired necromancer said. “That family of yours won’t take no for an answer forever and there are bigger things in the future for someone like you.”
I shivered, goosebumps rising, before shaking my head at her. “Stop that.”
She flicked her fingers at me. “Truth outs itself,” Mavis repeated. Then sat back again, her jovial good nature returning. “In the meantime, before some Guild Hades or Nemesis or Forum elite show up to drag you back home to your destiny, I’m going to enjoy your company.” She saluted with what was left of her coffee before setting it down with a solid thump and heaving herself to her feet. Paused, expression darkening. “You saw him, didn’t you?”
That question was so unexpected, I nodded. Then flinched from the memory.
—blast of heated power, bowing the trees, throwing me back—
—his face, hovering over mine, the darkness, the devouring black—
Mavis took her turn shuddering. “I’ve seen his victims,” she whispered then, not meeting my eyes, staring down at the table, one hand resting there. “Dealt with the aftermath.” She finally looked up again, the ghost of what she’d witnessed in her pale gaze. “You survived, Georgia. That’s something.” Mavis turned then and walked away, leaving me to shiver in the warm afternoon sun, heart pounding and the memories of that night clinging to me like evil children wanting embraces that would lead me back into the black.
A black I’d escaped once but knew would keep me if I let it take me again.
Mother. Benjamin saved me. Benjamin always saved me. I jerked out of the silent moment teetering on the edge of the dark and reached for him, kissing his forehead, pressing my cheek there, breathing his scent and the flowery California afternoon before I finally felt like myself again.
I’ll never let you go, Mother, Benjamin said. I’m here for you. Please, don’t try to leave me again.
If he only knew. I didn’t want to. But sometimes… Elias’ laughter called me to the dark and I wasn’t sure I’d always be strong enough to resist.
With a firm shove to the chair beneath me, I stood and exited the cafe, leaving the past behind.
For now.

***

Chapter Fifteen

Thankfully, I not only had the giant mastiff as a distraction, but the case at hand and, now that I’d met the Gray family and was fairly certain—even without the final verdict we’d hopefully find at the graveyard tonight—Miles Williams had nothing to do with Riley’s death and Brian’s injuries, it was time to track down the man everyone thought was a killer and uncover if prison and vengeance had made the townsfolk right, if only recently.
I checked in with Harriet, of course, though only by phone.
“None of them seem to know anything,” she said of the dead men’s friends. “And they all have alibis for the deaths, so I let them go.”
“Is Austin Cooper still giving you difficulties?” I unleashed Benjamin, letting him set the pace and the direction, leaving from Tommy’s cottage where he’d confirmed he’d relocated the scent of our quarry on some of the tools left behind at the reno. While I was sure Benjamin hadn’t needed such a reminder, it didn’t hurt to give him something to do and think about while I fought off my own demons. Working made him happy, after all, and distracted him sufficiently I could wall myself off and not worry him.
“He’s trying,” Harriet said, sounding like it came through a grimace. “Boy, did you piss him off earlier.” Her chuckle had genuine amusement in it, even a little wonder. “Thanks for that. The man’s fit to be tied, thanks to you. Never saw Austin Cooper at a loss for words before, especially not in front of a woman he thought he could intimidate.” Again with the chuckle, wicked this time. “You’re going to have to teach me how to do that, Georgia.”
“You’re a fast learner, Harriet,” I said as Benjamin led me at a steady walk—not a stroll but hardly a trot, either—back toward the road where we’d visited the dilapidated trailer. “I have every confidence you know exactly what to do from here on in.”
“Thank you,” she said, sounding startled. “I’m heading out to look for Miles. You want to join?”
“Benny and I are doing that very thing,” I said, crossing the road toward the long lane that led to the trailer. “I’ll keep you posted if we find anything.”
“I can come with?” Wistful, that question, almost yearning. “I’m pretty good at tracking.”
“I’m sure the locals would be much happier seeing you searching more visible places,” I said. Not that I didn’t want her with us, but Benjamin’s skills sometimes required magic and that meant no normal human observers.
“You’re right,” she said. Sighed. “Let me know if you track him down. Say hi to Benny for me.”
I grinned at the dog who swung his head toward me. His acute hearing meant he’d heard her hello and he panted a quick grin back. “Will do. I’ll call you shortly.” And hung up before tucking my phone away. “Anything?”
He grumbled a moment, not in protest but in query, his huffing chuffs as familiar as his voice. “I sense him,” he said. “But he’s good at hiding, Mother.” Benjamin chuckled. “I’m better.”
“Of course you are, sweet boy,” I said. “Let’s check the trailer anyway and see what we can find without Harriet around.”
“She’s really nice,” he said, “but I like hunting with you again, Mother.”
I didn’t comment on that. I couldn’t get past the lump in my throat.
By the time we entered the clearing where the run-down trailer squatted in the weeds, I knew I was only holding the mastiff back.
“Go see what you can find,” I said, sending him off. He tossed his big head before spinning and running off into the woods, heart and mind still tied to mine, while I circled the trailer, considering going back inside for a more thorough search.
Just as Benjamin stopped and called for me. Mother, I found something.
It took me a few minutes to make my way to him, cutting through the brush with power as gently as I could, restoring the way on my trip through in a sigh of natural magic. By the time I reached him, he’d cleared away the front end of what looked like a rusted car, brambles and vines climbing the bonnet and over the roof. Benjamin stepped back, spitting twigs from his mouth, while I waved away the vegetation, greenery retreating from my power, sliding free of the small sedan and collapsing to the ground around it.
“This is old,” Benjamin said, “but it smells like Miles.”
Felt like him, too, but an old version of him, the ghost of who he’d been a long time ago. I leaned in after using magic to force the busted driver’s side door, took note of a faded photograph on the dash and floated it to me with a soft breath of wind. A lovely young woman smiled back, arm around a teen version of Miles Williams, and, on the back, scrawled in black ink turned gray from time: Miles and Riles Forever.
“There’s old blood here, Mother.” Benjamin leaned in past me, nose pointing at the passenger’s seat. Female, though too old for me to identify. And the back, covered as well, the worn upholstery blackened by it. Male and familiar. “Brian,” the mastiff whispered before whimpering and backing away. “This was the car, Mother,” he said. “But why is it out here?”
“Maybe Miles decided to hide it before he went to prison,” I said. Scowled at the outline, the intact windshield, the lack of impact marks on the inside. “There’s no way Riley and Brian were in an accident in this car, Benjamin.”
“Especially without those seatbelt thingies,” he growled then. “Aren’t they supposed to keep you from getting hurt? They were hurt, Mother. Badly.”
“But not in this car.” I pointed at the windshield. “Riley would have gone through that if she’d been unbelted. Brian, too.” I circled the car, looked at the bumper. “Where’s the impact point?” If they’d been in an accident, if they’d struck something with enough force to kill Riley and injure Brian, where was the damage? “That kind of stopping force would have left the car unable to drive.” So how had Miles gotten them to the hospital in it?
I stood back, Benjamin panting next to me, extended my hands. Whispered to the past, asked Mnemosyne a boon. Knew it might not work, since I no longer carried the credentials of Artemis. Was surprised and a little touched when the goddess answered anyway.
Showed me the glimpse I needed, of Miles, his young face frozen in terror, Riley collapsed on the seat beside him, Brian laid out in the back, an instant in time that flickered and was gone so quickly it barely registered.
That was all I needed.
Benjamin growled low and deep, his rare anger surfacing. “Mother,” he rumbled. “Miles Williams told the truth.”
“He did, Benny,” I said, just as angry. “And I have a feeling he wasn’t the one who hid this car.” I reached for her again, but the goddess had moved on, Mnemosyne’s attention span flighty and my own control waning.
Didn’t matter. Except this was more proof, wasn’t it? That perhaps Miles hadn’t killed Riley but was back to seek vengeance against those who harmed her and her brother.
Which meant Nick Parks and Jim Collins had something to do with it.
And I knew just who would want to cover it up.
“Let’s go see Harriet, Benny,” I said. “The former sheriff of Whitewitch Island has some explaining to do.”

***

Chapter Sixteen

Benjamin’s soft growl warned me ahead of time even before I pulled open the glass door to the sheriff’s office, though my own senses picked up the stirring conflict only a heartbeat after my mastiff. I shortened his leash, if only to give the perception of being in control while the towering and obnoxious former sheriff of Whitewitch Island chewed my new friend a new one.
“And another thing,” he was shouting at pretty much full volume now, more for my benefit, I imagine, than Harriet’s, spotting me as I entered and heightening his presence via overpowering tone and delivery, “including some unknown so-called detective,” definitely for my benefit, “to interfere with our business is asking for trouble from council, Harriet.”
There had been a time not so long ago I worried she was unable to stand up to him with any sort of confidence, Harriet’s initial reaction to Austin Cooper giving me the impression his intimidation tactics worked on her far better than they should have. However, as she glared up at him, fists on her hips, her cheeks red with anger, I saw the shift in her attitude, her posture and her entire being through the pulsing rejection of his bullying across her humming aura.
“You listen to me, Austin Cooper,” she snapped back, shaking an index finger at him and closing the distance, poking him in his substantial belly. “You might have been sheriff once, but you’re not anymore. You retired, in case you forgot, you big buffoon, and if you try one more time to poke your nose into an investigation that you have personal and family connection to, I’ll call the state troopers in to charge you with obstruction.”
Well now, that was impressive, and even seemed to take him aback, if only for a moment. Unfortunately, Harriet had given in to him far too many times, I could only guess, for him to stand down so easily.
Should we help her, Mother? Benjamin’s soft growl came and went in a breath.
Let’s see how she handles this, I sent back, holding my own ground but doing nothing to interfere. This wasn’t my home, not really. Not yet. Harriet had her history to deal with and old assumptions to wrangle. I had no intention of undercutting her further by speaking up, but hoped my presence—and my mastiff’s—would give her the supportive silence she needed to do what was best for Harriet.
Namely, take her job on fully and put that man child in his place at last.
“I have a right to know what you intend to do about the deaths of those boys,” Austin grumbled.
“Those boys,” Harriet said, “are grown men with lives of their own and aside from your own son,” she jabbed him again, with zero hesitation using that pointy finger on his person, “you have no right to ask about anything, and you know it. Now, get out of my office, Austin. And keep your nose out of my investigation or I swear there’ll be consequences you won’t like.”
He glanced my way, scowl firmly in place, but I could see he’d been defeated, at least by her. My turn next, apparently, as he strode toward me, jaw set, jowls swinging.
“I hear you been bothering the Gray family,” he snarled at me, now planting himself in my path. Benjamin immediately growled again, louder this time. Only then did the former sheriff seem to notice I had the mastiff with me, though Austin’s expression turned from a flash of fear to resentful disdain in an instant. “That creature bites me, I’ll put him down myself.”
“He’s a trained protector,” I returned mildly, though if he tried to touch Benjamin I’d be using so much magic to take him down I’d be in the gulag before nightfall. Worth it. “He senses a threat.” I glanced down at Benjamin, rubbed the top of his head, then returned my flat gaze to big man in front of me. “Is he right, Mr. Cooper? Are you threatening me?”
He backed off then, though only by a half step, that resentment growing. Twice defeated, he wasn’t going to go down easily. “You got no business—”
“I was asked, as a fellow law-enforcement professional and investigator, to assist in the matter,” I said. “As your sheriff,” oh yes, I did throw that in his face, “obviously informed you. That being said, Mr. Cooper, I have questions for you about Riley Gray’s accident.”
His flinch was immediate and telling. I had a number of guesses yet to confirm, but he’d just given me cause to believe I was on the right track. Something he tried to cover with bluster, naturally, because he was that type.
“Why are you digging up old cases?” He spun on Harriet then who’d come to join us but, like I had, kept her distance enough to allow me to handle my own business. We’d get along just fine. “Someone said that ME was asking about the autopsy.”
“There are questions, Mr. Cooper,” I said. That made him turn back to me, as I let the silence stretch a long and uncomfortable (for him) moment before going on. “About the viability of the autopsy’s findings. Namely, whether the young woman in question was injured by some other means.”
There it was, the twitch, the panic. He knew and he knew I knew, too.
I know it was wrong, but I loved this part of the job so much.
“I’ve told Tommy he should be getting a lawyer,” Harriet finally interjected. Austin glared at her, though the antagonism was gone, leaving behind a rather nasty feeling of cunning I didn’t trust. “And if something was off about that girl’s death, Austin, and you knew about it? You’d best be getting yourself one, too.”
He flinched, opened his mouth as if to argue. Then spun and headed for the door. Defeated at last. Which only made him more dangerous, in my estimation. I stepped aside, head up, unable to control the faint smirk I know lifted my lips, too much time spent with Elias not to find this entire situation cynically amusing. Austin should have been glad my partner wasn’t here. He’d have sent the older man on with a wisecrack that would burn for weeks.
I turned to nod to Harriet who joined me with a huffing sigh, though she seemed pleased enough with the outcome of her conversation. Instead of drawing further attention—two deputies and the receptionist behind the desk across from me did their best to hide their stares—to what transpired, I instead decided to share what I’d learned.
“My office,” Harriet said, leading the way. By the time she closed the door behind me and my dog, she was giggling with a hint of hysteria. “My stars, that was fun.” Her eyes glittered with good humor, small hands covering her mouth as though in an attempt to contain her snorting laughter. “I’ll pay for it, Georgia, but that was awesome.”
I let her have her happy moment, sitting across from her desk, Benjamin panting his own grin at her joy. “You do realize someone like him will find ways to make your life uncomfortable.” She nodded, sighing again, sitting at her desk while I went on. “Let him try, Harriet. He knows you won. Just watch your back.”
“Thanks,” she said, leaning both elbows on the desk, face serious again, hazel eyes narrowed. “I get that. But it’s been coming for a long time, make no mistake. I’m just happy I finally stood up to the old jack post.” She sat back then, expression telling me there was history between them that had nothing to do with this case, old hurts she still carried. She covered quickly however, shifting to curiosity. “I take it you found something? But not Miles Williams.”
“Not Miles, not yet,” I said. “However, there is something you’re going to want to see and I’m not sure if it makes things worse or better for him.”
She stood, grabbed her hat. “I’ll drive.”
I stepped out into the sunlight, Benjamin at my side, Harriet on my heels, noting that Austin Cooper hadn’t gone far, was talking in animated anger with a pair of people I didn’t know. The sheriff winced, nervousness back.
“Town council members,” she said. “Austin’s going to do his best to get rid of me.”
“Let him try,” I said. “I have a feeling Austin Cooper is going to be handling his own batch of troubles in very short order and won’t have time to do anything but defend himself in court.”
Harriet didn’t get to respond. A shout from across the street had us both looking over at the brick building, the local bank’s height looming over the one story police station.
And up.
While Benjamin howled and jerked on the leash in my hand, racing for the other sidewalk, but far too late to save the man who’d cried out. And now plummeted to the pavement below. Landing rather dramatically on the roof of a parked car with a shattering crash.
But that wasn’t the most impactful part (no pun intended) for me, nor that it was Charlie Jackson who’d done the falling from the four story building to his obvious death.
No, it was the sight above, the man leaning over the edge, looking down at the scene before running off who had my attention.
Miles Williams had a lot of explaining to do.

***

Chapter Seventeen

Mavis joined us as the EMTs loaded what was left of Charlie Jackson into the back of the ambulance, the imprint of his fallen body embedded in the roof of the car now being hooked up to a tow-truck for removal to the sheriff’s impound yard. Not that any sort of forensics investigation was necessary to prove the cause of death, mind you. His sudden and graceless stop, witnessed by more than a few Circe residents, answered the how.
That left the why, however. A why I could no longer deny had to be connected to Miles Williams and, in logical leaps, the fact he was more than likely innocent of manslaughter twenty years ago. If not the last few days.
Benjamin had returned to me, though not of his own accord. Just my luck, when the mastiff had run off at my order to follow Miles, a deputy had been stepping out of his cruiser and nabbed the mastiff’s leash. Since we’d talked about what to do if a normal treated him like a regular animal and not the sentient being he was, Benjamin did what I’d instructed him to do and obeyed immediately.
Frustrating and irritating, but he was a good boy and though my second order could have overwritten the first, he’d chosen to do the right thing regardless of my irritation at the young deputy who delivered the panting and obedient dog to my possession.
I’m so sorry, Mother, Benjamin had sent, visibly agitated, whining softly as he ducked his head. You said I should always let normal humans know I’m not dangerous.
You were perfect, Benny, I sent back, stroking his ears while sighing over the fact we’d lost the chance to catch Miles before he ran again. Because while Harriet immediately sent some of her deputies in pursuit—including the one who’d had the bad timing to catch Benjamin—I was fairly certain they’d fail to locate the man who’d been evading capture since the first death.
Was that only last night?
Normal humans certainly didn’t waste any time doing away with one another when the opportunity arose.
“I’ll spare you the mess,” the necromancer ME said, “but COD is pretty obvious.” She looked up, squinting at the rooftop. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but wasn’t Charlie Jackson afraid of heights?”
Harriet nodded, glum and grim. “He fell out of a hay loft when we were kids,” she said. “Broke his leg and hated them ever since.”
Mavis grunted softly. “Didn’t I hear he freaked out at the county fair last year when someone talked him into riding the Ferris wheel?”
Again with that sad and frustrated head bob from the sheriff. A crowd had begun to assemble, the white barricades Harriet’s remaining deputy set up to keep people back doing little to prevent residents and tourists alike from viewing the scene. She grimaced at the chattering assembly, the two council members I’d seen talking with Austin Cooper still with him, though he’d decided to simply stand there and glower instead of trying to interfere, so hopefully that was a good sign and not the portent of some impending doom as yet uncovered.
Harriet clearly disapproved, her anger showing in her pinched grimace. “Everyone knew Charlie hated heights,” she said.
“Including Miles?” I had to bring it up.
“Of course,” she snapped, then corrected herself, one hand held out as an apology. “We both saw him, Georgia,” she said then, looking up. I couldn’t help but do the same, Mavis mimicking us. “He was up there with Charlie.”
Agreed. “And yet, how could he have lured the victim to the roof,” I said, knowing playing demon’s defender wasn’t what Harriet wanted at the moment but unable to stop the question from coming, “if Charlie Jackson was not only afraid of heights but knew it was Miles Williams who summoned him there? Surely he would have suspected an attempt at foul play considering the loss of his two friends.”
“Not if Miles lied about who he was,” Harriet said while I nodded, because of course I’d thought of that.
“And yet,” I said, “since it seems all of the victims have fallen prey to the very phobias that terrified them, would Charlie not have suspected he was next?” I shook my head, Benjamin growling his agreement in my head. “If it was me, I’d have refused to participate. So unless he had a death wish or some other motive, what could possibly have led Charlie Jackson to the fourth floor roof and its edge?”
“I’ll check the tox panel,” Mavis said. “It’s possible he could have been drugged.”
“And dragged to the roof?” I didn’t mean to scoff, but even Harriet was frowning at that. “In the middle of the day? Without being noticed?”
She shrugged at me, the ME’s little frown not aimed at my prodding, I could sense, but at the mystery at hand. “True,” she said. “Not to mention if anyone saw Miles Williams lugging Charlie around…” she left it at that because she didn’t need to finish.
Enough people in town—the majority, in fact—believed Miles was guilty so anyone who’d spotted such a sight would have pounced on him or at least alerted the authorities. Small towns weren’t known for their residents minding their own business.
“Something or someone had enough influence to lure Charlie to a rooftop despite his fear,” I said. “Who or what would have that kind of power over him?”
Neither of my companions answered, Benjamin humming softly in my head as he, too, thought it over with no result.
“Doc?” One of the EMTs approached, his young, handsome face a bit pale, I could only guess, from the task he and his partner just completed. He handed Mavis a cell phone, miraculously undamaged, his blue latex gloves a match for the ones she still wore. “Found it in his pocket.” He nodded to Harriet and then me before returning to the ambulance.
Mavis pressed the side button, the phone coming to life. “Password protected,” she said while handing a glove to Harriet. The sheriff used it like a tissue, handling the phone carefully.
“I’ll ask his wife if she knows the code,” she said. “Poor Sue.” Those two words brought me back from the logical and critical edge, a reminder these weren’t just corpses and victims, they were people, something I’d had to learn to forget during my time as an inquisitor. And yet, it seemed far too familiar a sentiment on Whitewitch Island. How many people, how many times, had used that reference when talking about local tragedy? Getting attached to the dead and their loved ones muddied my thinking, though I couldn’t suppress the empathetic surge that came as I realized how hard this had to be for Harriet and even Mavis who’d made her life here.
The sheriff’s shoulder mic squawked, deputies reporting in. “No sign of the suspect,” the voice said.
“Keep looking,” she said into the handset before tucking the victim’s phone into a plastic bag Mavis provided. “I’ll call Sue and look at his history,” she said, face now dark and sad. “Maybe there’s some proof on here of why he was up there.” She didn’t look to the roof this time, jaw jumping. “Meanwhile, I guess I’d better put Luke and Tommy under protective detail.”
I didn’t comment, let her go, Mavis, too, while I held Benjamin close by his leash, heart heavy for them both, surprising me.
Mother, Benjamin said, can we go hunting now?
Tempting, but I still had to know the truth before I’d commit to anything. With Harriet protecting the last two friends—men who more than likely were the real reason Riley Gray died—I could afford to wait. And, honestly, part of me resisted doing anything to safeguard Luke and Tommy if they had been behind the young woman’s passing and her brother’s infirmity.
Elias would have left them to their fates. I wasn’t quite so cold, but close. Not yet, Benny, I sent back. Let the deputies do their jobs, for now. Until we have proof Mavis can provide. That meant waiting until our cemetery visit with the necromancer, only a few hours away. But call the ravens and warn them we’ll need them after dark. I had no doubt we’d be pursuing him if Harriet’s people failed to track him down.
Only then would it be time to bring Miles to justice. Even if he never received any of his own.

***

Chapter Eighteen

It was far more difficult than I anticipated to wait until darkness fell over Whitewitch Island to take further action. My return home only encouraged impatient pacing for the duration of the evening, my glaring frustration at the slowly sinking sun over the Pacific Ocean amounting to a sense of petulance I could only equate to a pending temper tantrum. Honestly, couldn’t the giant glowing ball of light just go away already? And while I could have chosen to meditate or carry on creating new items to populate my home or even return to the pursuit of evidence, I instead chose to pout over the fact this was my idea to wait until nightfall.
I’d morphed into a contrary creature, apparently, one whom Elias would have teased without mercy had he been here. Though, he had been well aware of my lack of restraint and often encouraged unbridled action in favor of waiting out the requisite time. Which meant, of course, I carried on with my plan in the dogged belligerence I’d maintained in his presence when his taunting became too much.
Yes, I missed even that most annoying of traits. His balancing presence, while sometimes bothersome to the point of triggering my temper, never failed to yield results.
The ravens returned at dusk, their arrival the last prod to my patience. I’m on my way, I sent to Mavis through mental connection alone, striding out the front door with my mastiff at my side, the soaring birds above on quiet wings ghosting us as they circled ahead to lead me on.
She didn’t answer, though I was hardly surprised to find the necromancer ME waiting for me at the gates to the local cemetery.
“Took you long enough,” she said before winking with a grin, as though knowing I was on the edge of my restraint. “This way.”
We’d barely made it past the initial line of shrubbery and trees when I realized we weren’t alone. Mavis carried on, Benjamin staying with me as I paused, a bit discomfited I’d been so trapped in my irritation I’d failed to sense the presence of others. Olive looked up from the grave where she stood, waving with a smile, my neighbor surrounded by a small group of people, each carrying what looked like an electric lantern designed to flicker like real flame. She left them for a moment to join me, smiling up at me with her own lantern held high.
“Are you here for the ghost tour?” She ruffled Benjamin’s ears. “I didn’t see you on the list.”
“I have other business,” I said, knowing how lame and vague that sounded but not sure how to justify my visit to the graveyard.
“Oh, have fun poking around,” she said, like that was the most normal of possibilities. “I love this place at night.” She inhaled deeply, smiling. “So many voices.”
She wasn’t wrong, though my necromancer blood line made it uncomfortable at times, rather than pleasant.
“I hear you’re helping Harriet.” She eye rolled at that. “How horrible, those poor men.”
“Harriet’s doing just fine,” I said, not sure why I felt the need to defend the sheriff.
Until I caught the worry in Olive’s eyes. “Austin Cooper’s been telling everyone Harriet should never have been elected sheriff.” She shivered and tucked her colorful shawl around her. “It’s just awful, but people are believing him. There’s even some on council who want her to step aside and let him handle things.”
I’d be nipping that in the bud, believe me. At least I had confirmation he hadn’t given up his tactics, just shifted them. “When Harriet solves this,” I said. “I’m sure everyone will change their minds.” Especially when the man accusing her went to prison for interfering with an investigation.
She seemed relieved to hear it from me. “I’m sure you’re right, Georgia,” she said, glancing over her shoulder at her waiting group. “I’d best be off.” Olive waved and headed back to her clients while I took a moment and sealed the space. Mavis and I were about to practice the deathly arts, after all, and the last thing I wanted was for Olive to somehow interfere with that process. While I was certain she carried no magic, one could never be too careful.
A zombie uprising was not on the list of issues I wanted to be responsible for.
I found Mavis easily enough, though honestly it was Benjamin who led me to her, my trust in his tracking not even a hesitation as he guided me through the headstones to a corner of the cemetery. The rustle of wings told me the ravens had joined us, though I focused on the ground between the ME and myself where the coffin containing the young woman lay buried.
Mavis didn’t hesitate, opening both hands, palms down over the sod, her eyes narrowing as she whispered the incantation to open the doorway to the dead. While I wasn’t expecting the young woman’s soul to be present—she’d moved on twenty years ago—the echo of who she’d been might still remain. To my surprise, nothing rose, no image of her, no complaining spirit longing for justice or release. Even Mavis seemed put out, grunting faintly.
“She’s at rest,” the necromancer said, sounding like that irked her. “Oh well. We’ll do it the other way.” She gestured for me to join her in her work, though she hardly needed me, her expertise making swift work of the process as she bonded her power to mine in a thread of darkness before twisting her wrists, palms now facing up, the pale white image of the young woman’s remains flickering into being over the grass.
“Hang onto her,” Mavis said, depositing the cushion of power into my possession without warning. I shivered a little at the empty weight, the burden of nothing, the tie into the power of Hades raising goosebumps on my arms. Mavis released her end and crouched to study the image she’d built from the body beneath the surface. With a brush of her hand, she removed the thin veneer of mumification, the skin and clothing, down to the remaining tissue she then erased with another gesture, revealing the bones. She muttered over them, spinning the body on its axis, Riley Gray’s image flipping over to the right to reveal her back side before Mavis sighed and stood, taking back the connection without effort. I happily returned it to her, my necromancy one of the least favorite of my legacy talents, her grin at my reaction triggering a faint hint of embarrassment.
“No shame in it,” she said, then shrugged. “She died from an impact,” the ME went on. “From the outside, not from being thrown from a car. Someone hit her from behind.” She pointed at the girl’s broken pelvis, the shattered thigh bones. “Some kind of large vehicle, not a car. More likely a truck with some kind of grille guard attached.” She let the image flash out, crossing the grave while I shivered again, joining me on my side like she hadn’t just walked over the young woman we’d come here to discover. “No way she died the way the autopsy claimed.” She was angry enough it came through in her voice, the dim light unable to hide the grim fury on her face. “That car you found. There’s no way she was in an accident in it that would cause those kinds of injuries.”
“So Miles was telling the truth,” I said. “He found Riley and Brian on the side of the road and drove them to the ER.”
“She was probably already dead,” Mavis said, looking down at the grave. “If the boy was smaller and just clipped… his chart said he struck his head, but there was no evidence of that, you said?”
“Just blood in the back seat,” I said.
“He must have hit his head on the pavement when he fell,” Mavis said, running a hand over her face, weariness rising from her like a wave that I softly blocked without thinking before offering her support and strength. She took it, but just a fraction, with a squeeze to my arm for thanks. “That boy went to prison for something he didn’t do, Georgia. The sheriff had to have known.”
“And has been protecting the real culprit,” I paused, sighed, “culprits for twenty years.”
“Miles must have figured out the boys were responsible,” the ME said. “Came home to avenge Riley’s death and his own incarceration.”
That made the most sense, leaps to conclusion or not, though I couldn’t protest since that scenario had lurked in the back of my mind all day. “We have no proof they actually did it,” I said.
“Maybe not,” Mavis responded, “but since when did that stop an inquisitor from finding out the truth?”
She was right. I needed to confront the two remaining survivors of their little group of friends, not to mention Austin Cooper. Why was it, then, as we left the cemetery to go talk to Harriet, I had a weird feeling I was missing something and there were still truths to come out?

***

Chapter Nineteen

Mavis and I parted ways, the ME heading for the morgue to update the autopsy file. “Let them ask me where I got the information,” she grumbled. “Just let them.”
I didn’t argue with her, letting her handle her end of things. If she wasn’t worried about magic being uncovered, I wasn’t going to be the one to bring it up. Which had me a little less concerned about my own use of power in the last few days, something that I really needed to keep a handle on regardless of Mavis and her lack of concern. It would only take one slip up of significance to put me in hot water and the ramifications—while likely not meaning my end or anything so dramatic—could give my mother the leverage she needed to “encourage” me back into the Drake family fold.
Never going to happen. Unless the choice was mine. And that would be the day Hades himself invited me to tea.
When I sought out the sheriff, I was told she’d gone to speak to Charlie Jackson’s widow. Why she’d waited so long I had no idea, though surely Sue Jackson had her reasons for holding Harriet at arm’s length, hopefully not thanks to Austin Cooper’s interference. I left the sheriff to her handling of the locals and instead chose to make some inquiries of my own to further the end Mavis and I discussed.
She was right about one thing. There wasn’t much a suspect could keep from a trained inquisitor when secrets were to be uncovered. The trouble was, since I couldn’t use magic, I had to rely on my wits and my years of experience asking the wrong questions in order to get to the right answers, something I hadn’t yet practiced on someone who wasn’t of my kind.
I could only hope my talents weren’t all magical but just as practical.
Luke Morrison answered the door himself, the rustling sound of wings above me that of the ravens settling on the eave of his home while Benjamin planted himself next to me with that big, goofy grin of his, tongue hanging out.
“Mr. Morrison,” I said, already waved through by the deputy who stood watch over the driveway. “I was hoping we could talk.”
He gestured for me to enter, though with some reluctance and it wasn’t until I was inside, my mastiff growling just a little, I realized he wasn’t alone. Silly of me to assume Luke would be and forget to check, really. I was clearly out of touch with myself and my training that I’d failed to register Tommy and Austin Cooper’s presence in the house.
The son stood by the fireplace mantle in the living room as Luke guided me through the dark front entry and into the light of that space. The veterinarian looked up at my appearance, though he didn’t scowl at me like his father did. The large ex-sheriff heaved himself up from the armchair where he’d been sitting, but I waved off his pending tirade with a single gesture before he could even draw breath.
Tommy pushed off from the mantle, his hand brushing against a silver frame. I caught a glimpse of a smiling woman next to Luke, a baby in her arms, before it tipped sideways and fell. He immediately spun back and righted it, then shot an apologetic look at Luke. His friend didn’t seem to notice, hanging back, his sad eyes locked on me.
“I think you know why I’m here.” If Luke had been alone, I might have started differently. But facing the three of them—the only three remaining, I imagine, who knew what happened that night—it was go big or go home.
Tommy’s grim glance at his father answered to his own guilt, Luke barely twitching, though Austin’s reaction had confirmation written all over it.
“You’re not welcome here,” he snarled.
“Mr. Morrison,” I addressed Luke directly. “This is your home. Do you want me to leave?”
He stared at me in dull agony a moment, then shook his head. “You can stay,” he whispered.
Austin took a step toward him, but to my surprise, Tommy intervened, a hand on his father’s chest. When the veterinarian met my eyes, his own were guarded.
“I’m not sure what you’re talking about, detective,” he said.
“I found Miles Williams’ car,” I said. Let that sit for a moment, simmer with accusation and understanding, felt the three of them still, the air in the room thicken with darkness and regret, twenty-year-old remorse. When I finally spoke again, I did so without judgment, but utter confidence. “Harriet knows about it, too. And Mavis Fernsby is conducting a new autopsy.” A lie, but one that hit home, Austin’s face reddening further, fists clenched at his sides. “According to her initial findings and all the evidence I’ve seen so far, there is no possible way Riley Gray or her brother Brian were in a motor vehicle accident from inside Miles’ car.” Again with the long, heavy pause that only deepened the shame-filled contrition that grew like a living thing in the space of that room. “Riley was struck from behind by a large truck and died from the impact while her brother, Brian, suffered a glancing blow that led to a head injury.” They weren’t denying it, were they? They couldn’t, because it was true. “The car Miles drove that night was hidden in the woods, gentlemen. Can I assume when Harriet and I go looking, we’ll also uncover the truck that you boys were driving the night you killed Riley and left her and her brother on the side of the road for Miles to find?” No verbal responses, just growing tension that had Benjamin rumbling at my side. I leaped to that conclusion without proof, however, so unless said truck did turn up… “There is sufficient cause to reopen the case,” I said then, casual, with a shrug. “The state police will be asking you all a number of questions, and I have no doubt they will draw the same conclusions I did. That being said, which of you was driving that night?” I met Luke’s gaze, but his was hollow, empty. That left Tommy, who flinched from eye contact. “Mr. Cooper,” I addressed Austin now, his florid cheeks on fire, whole body quivering with suppressed fury and enough guilt to drown a mermaid, “I’m afraid your bid to have Harriet relieved of duty will fail in the face of your own indiscretion.”
He didn’t get to argue. The taut, shadowy energy that held us in place for so long shuddered as a newcomer joined us. Harriet herself stepped past Luke, her face lined with anger, body tense, one hand on her gun butt though I wondered if she knew it.
“I’ve seen the car, Austin,” she said. “Talked to Mavis. I know what you did.” She shook just a little, her rage mixed with horror only adding to the depth and weight of the oppressive power in the room. “What happened that night? No more lies.”
It was Tommy who broke down, weeping suddenly, fighting for breaths while Luke swayed, head bowing. Only Austin remained rigidly defiant as his son blurted the truth we already knew.
“We were drunk.” He met Harriet’s gaze, then mine, a desperate need in him for us to understand. “It was stupid, I shouldn’t have been driving. I knew better.” Tommy’s fists impacted his thighs in loud thuds.
“Shut up, boy,” his father snarled.
But Tommy was done with twenty years of hiding. “I can’t, Dad,” he said, a wail in his voice. “I can’t live with it anymore. We have to tell the truth. Before he kills us.” Tommy’s appeal turned to his friend who hugged himself and refused to look up. “Luke and me, Dad. Miles will kill us for lying. We have to tell them.”
Austin stared at his son, mute at last, but rebellious to the end. “I just wanted to protect you,” he finally said.
“I know, Dad.” Tommy seemed to regain some of his courage and self-possession, though the air pressure never shifted, even with his admission of guilt. “I was driving,” he said then, to Harriet directly. “We thought we hit a deer.” That was a lie, we all knew it. Tommy flinched, Luke letting out a low moan. “We told ourselves it was a deer,” he corrected in a whisper. “But I saw her, Harry. I saw Riley’s face just before we hit her and Brian.”
Harriet’s shaking stilled somewhat, her short nod an invitation for him to go on.
“We drove off,” he said. Stopped, licked his lips. “I drove off. Charlie was the one who said it was a deer. Nick agreed with him. Jim, too. Luke…” he glanced at his friend again. “We found out the next morning, about Riley and Brian.” He seemed to finally relent in his self-hate, the tension in the space releasing in a rush that had me exhaling a long, heavy breath. “I killed her,” he said. “And I let Miles go to prison for it.”

***

Chapter Twenty

That seemed to be Austin Cooper’s limit, his son’s admission of guilt firing the old sheriff up to the point he stepped in front of Tommy and planted himself between the veterinarian and Harriet.
“We want a lawyer,” he said.
“A bit late for the judiciary to intercede on your behalf,” I said, before Harriet’s curious look had me realizing I’d jumped to a paranormal conclusion. “That is, with your son’s admission of guilt, in front of witnesses, there’s little chance the law will be kind to any of you.”
“You knew.” Harriet’s shaking was back, outrage feeding the dark Tommy’s admission almost dispelled. Was she so naïve? No, not so much, only hurt and in denial this town and island she loved could betray her and the residents here so badly. “You covered it up.” She faced off with Austin Cooper while I wondered if I might need to intervene before we had another body to deal with.
“I did.” That came out with pride, with disdain for her judgment. “The girl was dead. Harry. The boy damaged. And besides, everyone knew they came from that kind of family.” What exactly did that mean? Harriet flinched, Luke looking up with widening eyes, Tommy gasping, “Dad,” from behind him. But the former sheriff refused to back down, chopping through the air between them with one hand as if that put an end to the argument. “She was trouble from day one and her little brother was on the same path. Drugs. Lewd behavior.” His jowls trembled as he spoke, volume heightening, Austin’s favorite tactic when he felt he wasn’t getting his way, I could only guess. But shouting wouldn’t change a thing. Certainly not his guilt. “There weren’t any witnesses.” He seemed to finally hear what he was saying, but carried on with desperate eyes. “Was I supposed to ruin five fine young men’s lives over a dead girl from the wrong side of the island?”
“Miles Williams, Austin.” Harriet caught her breath, now horrified, eyes shining with the anguish of the decision he’d made while he stared back at her, less defiant but still excusing himself and what he’d done.
“A drug addict,” he shot back, “high school dropout. Thief.” He spit all of those words at her as if they balanced out twenty years in prison for a crime Miles didn’t commit. “He wrote himself off, just like his daddy before him.” Ah, island politics, how delightful. “Everyone knows Gary died from too much drink, and that older son of his, Roger? Killed himself in Seattle five years ago. Drug overdose.” Austin had already decided that made Miles and his family the despicable—and disposable—ones. “They lived on state support, Harry, leeches on our community.” The man knew no depths, it seemed, no low bar to which he wouldn’t stoop. I felt my skin crawl, sensed Benjamin’s growing hate, such a rarity for the sweet-natured creature I poured love into him to counteract the disgusting truths being revealed. “These boys,” he waved at Luke, behind him at Tommy, “they had futures. I had to protect them.”
Harriet’s horror morphed into ferocious indignation, her small body a coiled spring of fury ready to take out her predecessor with her righteousness. Which was my cue to act before she ended up in prison herself.
I stepped in, a gentle hand on her elbow, brief touch to her left hand following. She relaxed a little, blinking up at me, then nodded and let go of the handle of her pistol.
“It’s no wonder Miles Williams is after revenge,” I said with my cool precision returned to me, the shadowy weight now shattered and dissipated. All three men blinked as though they felt it go, though Harriet’s focus remained intensely on Austin. “If he knew then what happened, he’s had twenty years to plan his return.”
“He didn’t,” Tommy said, voice broken, low and shaking. “He must have figured it out after.”
“He never said anything.” It was one of the few times I’d heard Luke speak, dull regret so painful I almost reached for him, too. But he snapped out of it, looked up. “We deserve what we get, Tommy.”
His friend nodded while Austin Cooper, his face turning ashen, sagged, all the fight going out of him at last. And there, instead of the bully former sheriff and father who’d lied and broken the law to protect his son, stood a shattered old man whose power was gone forever.
I wished I could have called it a victory, for Harriet at least, but the price? Far too high for such a label. I’d have to settle for a modicum of justice.
“Tommy,” Harriet spoke up in the stillness that surrounded us in the wake of the former sheriff’s retreat, “what are you afraid of?”
He flinched, glanced at Luke who bobbed a nod. “Fire,” he whispered. “We lost our house when I was a kid, remember? I almost didn’t make it out.” He shrugged. “I’ve hated it ever since.”
“And you, Luke?” She turned to him while he continued to hug himself.
“Car accident,” he said. Started to cry.
She went to him, hugged him gently. “Of course, I’m so sorry.” What did that mean? I didn’t ask, left it alone for the moment, would check with her when the time was right. The best part of that moment? When she let him go, her compassion had returned, so at least this incident hadn’t damaged her too badly. She reminded me of Benjamin and his sweet soul in many ways, a high complement despite what a normal might think.
That kind of resilience deserved respect and admiration.
“Miles has to have a plan to punish both of you,” she said then, grim but commanding. “I’m going to have both of you come in to the office until we track him down.” She grimaced at Austin Cooper. “You too, just in case.” He didn’t protest, just nodded. “I’ll catch him, don’t you worry. And he’ll pay for what he did. But make no mistake, all of you. Your own piper will be paid. There will be repercussions to what you did to that man all those years ago, and what you two did to Riley and Brian. I can’t and I won’t allow you to cover it up any longer.”
Again, no protests, willingness emerging, if shrouded in remorse and fear. But that was to be expected and gave me a little hope justice was actually being done after all.
***
I stood on the sidewalk with Harriet, a deputy at the front door to Luke’s house, the three men—suspects, now—in the death and coverup of the end of Riley Gray sitting in the back of a pair of cruisers. Funny how Tommy had opted to climb in next to Luke, leaving his father to sadly crouch in the other solo. Though, I could only imagine the years of hiding the terrible secret had left a mark on their relationship and would now for the rest of their lives.
No sympathy, if you were expecting some. I simply didn’t have it in me.
“I just can’t…” Harriet turned away, jaw tight as the two cars drove off to the sheriff’s department. She blinked quickly, clearing her throat. “I trusted him, Georgia. We all did, for years. I looked up to him.” She bit her lower lip, drew a shaking breath. “He’s part of the reason I wanted to be sheriff.” Harriet hung her head a moment, Benjamin leaning into her, groaning until she stroked his ears. His rumbling contentment helped, as always, along with the subtle magic behind it. “Maybe I wasn’t cut out for this after all.”
I was talking before I could stop my words, staring into the dark street under the single bright, white light on the corner. “My partner died,” I said. Stopped, had to cough softly past the lump of saying it out loud. “Elias Barrow. We were dumb, arrogant. Thought we could corner an enemy our,” stopped myself from saying guild, shifted words at the last second, “department had been hunting for a very long time. Got close, so close. Too close.” I sighed into the quiet night, the distant sound of a dog barking over the faint squeal of tires, someone laughing another street over to the right. “Elias went after him without me, thinking it would protect me, keep me safe. That he could handle it on his own.” My hair brushed my cheek as I shook my head, one hand forcing it back behind my ear a little harshly as a tear traced the same pattern down my skin a moment later. “I was there when he died, barely made it in time. Almost died myself.” Harriet had fallen still. I could feel her looking at me, sense her compassion, Benjamin’s support shifting to lift both of us with his incredible heart. “I quit.” That hurt, to say those words, but it was the truth. “They wouldn’t let me go after the one who killed Elias. Gave me excuses, cut me out of the investigation.” Locked me out of my life’s work, gave me a desk and an assistant and tried to keep me from the field. “I couldn’t just pretend to do the job I used to love knowing Elias would never be avenged. So I left.” I turned to her then, wiping at that single tear, feeling the squeezing grief ease at last. Somehow, telling this normal mortal what happened finally shattered the fist of regret and guilt and sorrow I’d been clinging to. Maybe it was Benjamin and maybe it was Harriet, her hazel eyes brimming with tears, or perhaps it was just time. Whatever the case, for the first breath since Elias died, since that night of agony and terror only a short month ago, I was free.
Which made me even more determined as I smiled grimly down at my new friend.
“Whitewitch Island is lucky to have you, Harriet,” I said. “Someone with a passion for the work, who wants to do the right thing, doesn’t come along all that often, you know.” She ducked her head, blushing faintly in the bright light. “Trust me, I know. Don’t do what I did. Don’t give up on yourself.” I was going to cry again, but this time they were happy tears. Had I just decided to give myself another chance, too? No, I wasn’t planning on going back to Guild Artemis. But could I use this life I’d chosen to create a real and satisfying existence I never would have found at home?
Maybe. And I was in the kind of heart and headspace to find out. If for no other reason, I was now very grateful I’d come to this place.
“We need to find Miles.” Harriet’s own resolve had surfaced again and I nodded, waited for her to go on, wanting her to trust her instincts. “We know he hasn’t left the island.” If he still planned to carry out his vengeance, absolutely he was still here. “Sue had Charlie’s password. He got a text today, from an unlisted number.” Could have been Miles, could have been anyone.
“What did it say?” Not that it mattered, the content of the message clearly enough to make Charlie risk a trip to a rooftop he was terrified to visit.
“‘I know what you did,’” she said in a low, trembling voice. “‘Meet me on the bank roof.’ It was sent ten minutes before he fell.”
Clearly Charlie’s fear of being outed surpassed his phobia of heights.
Harriet shook that off, clearly shifting her focus back to Miles. “He could be anywhere,” she said then. “Sent those messages from a disposable phone. There’s a lot of places to hide.”
“Not so many,” I said. “No one trusts him or believes in him. That limits his security.”
Mother, Benjamin sent, is it time to hunt now?
I glanced down at the mastiff and decided to take a chance on Harriet.
“There might be a way,” I said. “Benny has a certain knack for finding people.”
She nodded instantly as if that didn’t surprise her a bit. “I was going to suggest calling Jeremiah Temple and recruit his bloodhounds,” she said, “but if Benny here is trained, let’s give him a chance to find our fugitive.” She rubbed his ears again with a smile returning. “You need something of Miles’ for Benny to sniff?”
“I believe there’s something at Tommy’s cottage,” I said. “Why don’t you go round up those bloodhounds and I’ll see what Benny can find.” Yes, I was trying to get rid of her. Cutting my mastiff loose meant coordinating with the ravens and while I figured she’d buy his ability, working with the birds might not go down so easily.
Harriet agreed, dropping Benjamin and myself at Tommy’s cottage before driving off. I instantly unleashed him, sending out a call to the ravens. They floated to the unfinished deck, jet black and crystal white, the giant birds croaking softly between them.
“Time to hunt,” I said. “Benny, you still have Miles in your memory?”
“I do, Mother.” He sounded excited, tail wagging and ears perked. Benjamin turned to the ravens who tilted their heads at him as he connected his power to theirs. “You feel him?”
“I do,” Conscio said in his lovely tenor voice. “We’ve seen this man, Georgia, not so long ago.”
“In the forest,” Caprice agreed, fluffing her white plumage before blinking her silver eyes at me. “We can show you where.” And did, the image of the place they’d flown over flashing in my mind, and in Benjamin’s.
“I know that area,” I said, catching sight of the dilapidated trailer in the distance. But I hadn’t noticed a rundown hip roof barn in the vicinity, the overgrown road to it barely passable. My vision tightened, triggered by movement, the incredible eyesight of the ravens narrowing in on the hunched, running form of Miles Williams.
Heading for the barn.
“Gotcha,” I whispered. “Benny, ravens, hunt.”

***

Chapter Twenty One

I sealed us off from the world around us, the bubble of power ensuring no one without magic—and few without remarkable power—would see us, freeing us to search without fear of being spotted. Because the giant mastiff, now liberated from his more normal constraints, ran faster than a car could drive, the ravens and myself flying along behind him.
It didn’t take long to reach the side road that turned toward the old William’s trailer, though it was Benjamin who halted abruptly, forcing me to pull back with a hiss, hovering over him, the ravens chattering before swooping off just as he spoke.
“This way!” He spun and ran down the main road, empty at this time of night. Benjamin slowed almost immediately, coming to a panting halt twenty feet from a crouching figure who didn’t even look up as I landed and released the bubble shielding us from view, approaching Miles Williams slowly but prepared to use my physical skills—if not my power—to subdue him.
He didn’t try to run and, as I neared his hunched form, he spoke.
“This is where I found her.” He pointed at the plain, white cross, a wreath of fake flowers and greenery draped around the top, planted in the ditch in front of him. I read her name painted in black across the crosspiece, dim light of the rising moon the only light available but more than enough for my enhanced vision. Apparently Miles didn’t need extra illumination, either, standing at last, making no move to run, just staring at the cross as though he didn’t know what else to do. “I didn’t kill her.”
“I know that, Miles,” I said. He looked up, eyes glistening but deeply black in the night, face pale and body trembling. “I know that Tommy was driving drunk that night, that he and Luke, Charlie and Nick, Jim, too, were in that truck and they hit Riley and Brian and left them to die. And that you found them and tried to save them.” He didn’t speak, just listened. “I know that Austin Cooper covered it up, Miles. He hid your car after the trial, in the woods behind your father’s trailer.” He flinched at that. Had he not known? “Everyone blamed you and they let you go to prison for something you didn’t do.”
Miles looked back to the cross, spoke again, softer this time. “I saw their taillights,” he said. “But I was stoned, Detective Drake. I admit that. Out of my head. I barely saw Riles and Bri in the grass. It was just dumb luck I noticed them.” He ran both hands through his thick, dark hair. “I think she was already dead when I got her in the car. But Bri was moaning.” He dropped his hands to his sides with dull thuds. “There was so much blood and I couldn’t think of what else to do so I drove them to the hospital.” He turned to face me fully this time. “It all happened so fast after that, did they tell you?” Bitterness crept into his voice, anger and sullen despair. “I had a public defender. He told me they had all this evidence, that if I plead guilty the judge would go easy on me. Only, he didn’t. He sent me away for twenty years. Maximum sentence was supposed to be eleven, my lawyer said. But the judge, he and Sheriff Cooper were old buddies. So I got twenty.” He sounded stunned by that suddenly.
“How did you figure out who really killed her, Miles?” Benjamin had sank to his haunches, a clear sign of relaxation and calm. Which meant the man before me meant me no harm. Even the ravens had settled in the trees behind the cross, watching and listening.
“I didn’t,” he said, “not for a long time. A part of me started to believe it, you know? Maybe I was that stoned. Maybe they were with me and I killed her.” His voice filled with tears, the reflection of moisture on his cheeks just visible. Again one of his hands rose and ran through his hair, then over the wet on his face, smearing it. “But I knew I hadn’t done it. I needed to know what really happened. When I got out, I came home.” He sighed a deep and tearing sound, shaking with locked emotion. “I wasn’t going to. I planned to start somewhere fresh. But Riles deserved better, Detective Drake. I owed it to her to find out what happened to her and Bri. So I came back.” He pointed at the cross. “It didn’t take me long to put it together. The way they looked at me, the way they treated me. How the old sheriff almost lost his crap when he saw me. They couldn’t even meet my eyes. But I didn’t know for sure. That’s why I tried to rent an apartment from Nick Parks.” He stuttered then fell silent a moment, but when he carried on it was with conviction of truth behind him. “I asked him about that night. I spent twenty years in prison. I knew what guilt looked like.”
“That’s when you decided to avenge her,” I said.
“No!” He shook his head with a level of agitation that had Benjamin up and humming, the ravens croaking in warning. “I swear, I didn’t kill them, any of them. But whoever did is trying to set me up again.” He groaned himself in audible agony. “I won’t go back to prison for another crime I didn’t commit, detective. I won’t.”
Perhaps I shouldn’t have believed him, but you know what? Every instinct I had in me, every single experience I’d endured as an inquisitor, told me he was telling me the truth. Miles Williams wasn’t just a victim of a lie that took two decades of his life. He was being framed for more murders because the real killer was so sure he could get away with it.
But that then left me with a giant question. Who had motive to kill them if not Miles Williams?
“I believe you, Miles,” I said for the second time. “Do you know who’s doing this to you? To them?”
He hesitated, long enough I knew he had suspicions if not proof, before speaking up, voice rapid and low and full of guilt.
“I wanted to see Bri when I got back,” he said. “Mona was okay with it, but Fred.” He shook his head slowly back and forth, staring at the ground. “He was so angry, detective. I don’t blame him. But there was something about that anger.” I knew what he meant, sensed it myself when I went to visit the Grays. “I think maybe Fred knew I didn’t do it. Don’t ask me how or why I think that. I just… I think he knew what really happened. Kept quiet. Maybe Sheriff Cooper threatened him. I don’t know. All I do know is there’s rage in him like I saw in prison, in men who didn’t have any humanity left.”
We’d observed the same hopeless hate, it seemed. But did it give Fred Gray motive for murder or just more reason to sink into himself and get lost forever? I’d seen it go both ways, after all. But it did make for a viable suspect, so I put Fred on the list as I considered my next question.
“What were you doing at the bank, Miles? Why were you there when Charlie Jackson died?” Yes, I believed him, but his presence might give us a course of inquiry that could further his guess about Riley’s father—or exonerate the man all together.
“I got a text.” He reached into his pocket, pulled out a flat, shiny object. His cell phone, obviously, then froze. “I don’t have a weapon.”
“It’s all right,” I said. “I’m not that kind of detective. Show me.” He didn’t comment on my odd clarifier and that was for the best, since my weapons weren’t of the gun-toting variety.
He clicked the screen to life, the light shining upward on his tense and sunken face. But when he handed it to me, it was easy enough to corroborate his story.
If you want answers about who really killed Riley Gray, meet me on the roof of First Island Bank and Trust in ten minutes.
That was it. But it was enough. That time frame put Miles on the roof at the exact moment whoever killed Charlie did the deed, setting the ex-con up for another death.
“No caller ID?” Had to be from a burner phone. I appreciated technology, used it frequently, understood the process of protecting ones identity through such disposable cell phones. Used one on occasion myself when the job warranted communication outside magic.
Miles grunted softly. “I knew it was likely a trap or a trick,” he said, despair returning to his voice. “But I couldn’t not go. I had to know.”
“What did you see?” I handed the phone back to him as he went on.
“Someone pushing Charlie over the edge of the roof,” Miles said. “I got there just as whoever it was did it. But they were in a black hoodie and jeans, so I couldn’t see their face. All I know is whoever killed him was a guy.” He huffed a breath, sticking his phone back into his pocket, plunging us back into semi-darkness that it took a whisper of power to clear and restore my night vision. “They knew exactly how to set me up,” he said. “I worked on the serpentarium with Sam when I got here first.” I hadn’t known that, but Harriet must have. Made her suspect him, obviously, because it would have been relatively easy to have a key copied while he was on site. “And on Tommy’s cottage. And there was the fight with Nick after I confronted him.” Sam Spencer had thought the argument was about an apartment. Turned out it was over Riley Gray’s death. He’d be gratified to know his faith in Miles had been justified. Hopefully I’d get to tell him in person. (Georgia, focus.)
“All of which is circumstantial evidence, Miles,” I said as gently as I could.
He looked up at me. “I went away on less.”
Way to stick your foot in it, Inquisitor.
“And their fears,” he said. “Everyone knows about those phobias. Everybody knows everything about everyone here on Whitewitch Island.” That didn’t come out bitter or anything. “Please, Detective Drake, I can’t go away again.”
“You won’t,” I said. “Not on my watch. And Harriet will fight for you, Miles, I promise you that. But I have to call her now, do you understand?” He nodded, sagging but without resistance. “She has to hear what you have to say so she can find who really did this.”
“I’m done running.” He sank to his knees at the side of the road, facing the cross. “Whatever happens, I just need them to know I didn’t hurt my Riles.” His weeping, while barely audible under normal circumstances, sounded loud on the side of the road in the quiet dark.
While I dialed the sheriff, heart heavy in my chest, hoping I hadn’t just made him a promise I couldn’t keep.

***

Chapter Twenty Two

We met at the trailer, rather fittingly, Miles’ knees jittering where he sat with his elbows on his thighs, anxiety only growing despite Benjamin’s forehead pressed to his upper arm while we waited for Harriet to arrive. She did and quickly enough, entering the dank living space past the single light over the door, her gaze flickering to me then to Miles, hand unconsciously on her gun butt again. It wasn’t until Benjamin looked up, licking his chops and whining softly before once again resting comfortably and with utter trust in Miles that she relented, hands falling to her sides while he finally sat back and allowed the mastiff to comfort him.
 He told her everything then, much more collected than I’d hoped but doing the job in gaining her trust, too. By the time Miles was done, his phone in her trembling hands, his story told, she was nodding and sighing and sitting back with an anxious expression on her face.
“Fred Gray,” she said. “You really think he’s capable?” She looked back and forth between us, but it was Miles who answered. And with far more compassion than a man who’d been through what he’d endured should have been capable of.
“If he did,” Miles said in a soft, kind voice, both hands scratching Benjamin’s ears, “I understand why. They lied for years, Sheriff Quinn. They let people believe awful stuff about her, about Bri. Riles deserved better and this whole town treated Riley like trash on the side of the road.” He caught his breath, voice hitching a little. “But if he did do it, I know you got to bring him to justice.” Hesitated another second. “I’d forgive him, you know. For blaming me. And for killing them and making it look like me. I don’t think he’s straight in the head anymore.”
“If not Fred Gray,” I said, “someone is setting Miles up for murder, Harriet. We can’t let another injustice go by. The real killer has to be found.”
She waved off my insistence, handed Miles back his phone. “I believe you,” she said. To which Miles again began to weep, though only a few tears this time, leaning in to press his face into the soft, warm fur of my mastiff. Benjamin groaned gently and leaned back, his grumbling chatter as much a comfort as the magic he exuded. When Miles finally leaned away again, it was to my mastiff’s large, wet tongue clearing his cheeks of those tears.
Miles laughed, a surprising sound, as he wiped at the dog drool left behind. For the first time since we’d met, I saw light in his eyes, the man he could have been, should have been allowed to be. And hopefully would get the chance to grow into.
“If he’s not thinking straight,” Harriet said, “you could be right, Miles. He’s been blaming you since Riley died. But if he found out those boys were the real culprits, then you came to town again… it’s possible he’s mashed it all together and decided everyone would pay.” She stood abruptly, slapping her thighs with both hands before surging to her feet. “I got to take you in, Miles,” she said. He didn’t protest, standing himself, while she hurried on as if he had spoken up. “I promise, it’s for your own good. To keep you safe. Because whoever is killing the men who hit Riley that night, they could come for you when they’re done.”
He thought about it, nodded. “I get it, Sheriff Quinn,” he said. “All I want is a fair shake this time.”
She reached out with her hand and he stared at it like she’d offered him the very snake that killed Nick Parks, not a chance to shake. When he finally leaned forward and accepted her firm grip, she was enthusiastic with her response.
“I got you, Miles,” she said.
He smiled at her, bitterness gone. “Thanks, Harry,” he said. “Harriet.”
Her own answering grin made me feel much better about how this might all turn out.
When I offered to assist in talking to Fred Gray, however, after escorting Miles to the jail at the sheriff’s office, Harriet turned me down.
“Thank you, Georgia,” she said, “for everything. But I’ll deal with Fred.” She ruffled Benjamin’s ears. “Good job, Benny,” she said.
I am a good boy, he sent to me.
I grinned down at him, hesitated. Then took the hint. Some conversations weren’t meant for outsiders, I could only guess, and her chat with Riley’s father was one of those.
I said no to her offer of a ride, walking home near midnight, Benjamin strolling next to me, both of us lost in thought, the ravens long gone on to their own business. It wasn’t until we reached the crossroads to our lane that I caught sight of someone up ahead and, on impulse, sped my stride until I reached Olive just as she unlatched her gate.
“How was your ghost tour?” It felt like hours had passed since I’d joined Mavis in the cemetery. Had it taken Olive that long?
She jumped a little, a meep of surprise escaping her, though she laughed when she realized it was me, grasping my hand. I smiled in apology, so used to others with power sensing when I was around I’d failed to make myself known. I needed to remember not to sneak up on normal humans unless I wanted to scare them to bits.
“Which one?” She eye rolled then grinned at me. “I had three tonight. For some reason, the latest one is always the most popular.” She made a soft oooh sound. “I suppose they assume the ghosties and ghoulies are out closer to midnight.”
“They’re not?” I tried not to tease her but she took it the right way, tsking and waving her hand at me.
“Sillies,” she said. “Time of day doesn’t really influence the sparks all around us.” She fluttered her hands like we were surrounded at this very moment, though the necromancer in me sensed nothing. “I guess folks just put more stock in old wives’ tales than they do the truth of spirt matters.”
Just like she’d created her own fabricated belief system. Well, fair enough. We all chose to trust certain things, founded in truth or not. “Anything exciting happen tonight?” While I was tired, I found chatting with Olive refreshing, helped distract me from the heavy thoughts I’d lingered in all day, both my own past and that of Miles Williams lurking just on the other side of the shadows of her front porch light.
“Nothing too spectacular,” she said. “I should take you on a walk sometime.” She shuddered a little under her wrap, sighing. “The whole island is in unrest, though,” Olive said then, voice leveling out, deepening. Was this part of the show? “All those deaths, so close together, and an old loss, all tied up as one.” I actually had goosebumps from her tone of voice, though again, no power rose from her. She was just good at her job, I could only guess. “And I was certain, just before I came home tonight, I saw Megan and poor little baby Skyler, walking under the trees at the edge of the cemetery.”
“Sorry, who?” I hadn’t heard of any recent losses, so her answer surprised me.
Olive seemed to snap out of the faint daze that held her, voice returning to that bubbly normal I was used to. She blinked, then made a sad face, eyes full of empathy. “Megan Morrison,” she said. “She and her daughter, Skyler, died just a month ago. Poor dears. And poor Luke.”
The photo on the mantel. His deep grief. The sudden realization I hadn’t sensed a woman’s presence, a child’s, in the house tonight. Not sorrow for his friends, then. And Harriet’s kindness, her compassion for him when he mentioned his phobia.
“Car accident,” I blurted. “They died in a car accident.”
Olive nodded. “That’s right,” she said. “Tragic.” She shivered as a light breeze came up. “That’s me, then,” she said. “These tours take so much out of me. Coffee tomorrow?” She left with a wave and a pat for Benjamin, going inside, locking her door before I started moving again.
Heading home, wondering how much more tragedy hid under the shiny sparkle of this place.

***

Chapter Twenty Three

Sleep was a long time coming and I found myself rising early despite my continuing weariness, the distraction of the unresolved case doing its typical dance in my head, determined to keep me from rest until all the pieces were in place.
That meant I found myself walking to the sheriff’s office just after 9AM, Benjamin at my side, stopping briefly at the local café for a coffee for both myself and Harriet who I expected wouldn’t have had much sleep herself.
I found her in her office, though she wasn’t alone, Austin Cooper’s presence clearly unwelcome, as was that of the two council members I’d seen him speaking to the day before. Harriet stood as I knocked and entered, her expression tight and grim.
“Detective Georgia Drake,” she said, “this is Philip Cantos,” I nodded to the tall, thin man, his softly brown skin tone and dark eyes suggesting Latino origins as did his last name, “and Jacinta Wren.” His counter part, on the other hand, was so pale and Caucasian she appeared washed out, from her crystal white hair to the empty gray eyes, her thin, wrinkled skin pulling faint jowls down beneath her lined mouth, puckered lips and up and down scan of my person all the evidence I needed to realize I wasn’t welcome any longer.
“Detective,” Jacinta spoke up first before her fellow council member could. “Where was it you’ve moved here from?”
So they’d done some digging, probably on Austin Cooper’s suggestion. “The east coast,” I said, purposely vague, just to irritate her. Of course I had a backstory prepared, hadn’t even considered leaving home without it. But I wasn’t going to just hand it over without the proper amount of amusement to soothe the anger that rose from the challenge.
My mother would be appalled at my behavior. Elias had obviously been a terrible influence and maybe it was better I was on my own after all.
“I’ve spoken to several of my old contacts in New England,” Austin interceded, cutting off the sharp-faced woman who glared at him in turn. So, no love really lost, just a common enemy the retired sheriff created. Good to know, and hopefully would turn her and her companion around when I helped Harriet nail Austin Cooper to the ground. “No one has heard of you. Detective.” He crossed his beefy arms over his chest, that decisive last word an accusation of my deceit.
Well, he wasn’t wrong. But he was, at the same time. I just didn’t hold a job in an organization any of them would understand. That didn’t mean I hadn’t come prepared.
“Because you know every captain in every department in every police force in the US,” I said, mildly enough and with a dose of amused contempt that had Austin spluttering, the two council members no longer appearing as confident as they had.
“Admit it,” he spit at me. “You’re no cop and you never were.”
“If you’d like to place a call to Captain Johnathan Sathroy, NYPD, 25th Precinct, I’m certain he’d be happy to tell you all about my work with major crimes and homicide, Mr. Cooper.” Naturally, no one of that name actually existed, though the network of magic that created my backstory would pass even the most intense human scrutiny. Captain Sathroy, a man I’d never met, would have numerous stories of my escapades with the esteemed NYPD, not to mention his entire precinct’s embedded historical records of my time there when I had never set foot in the place—aside from the morning I left New York, that was, triggering the spell by passing through the doors of the precinct, the layers of who I was to them left behind. With permission, of course, from Guild Artemis and Nemesis, sanctioned rewrites of human memory often used to safeguard the lives and pasts of those who chose to exit that life.
I’d never expected to have to use the backstory built for me. So satisfying to pull it out and use it like the weapon it was never intended to be on a man who needed to pay for his own crimes. While perhaps you might have thought my deception underhanded, the fact I’d spent the majority of my life tracking and capturing criminals was all I needed to justify the duplicity. I may have been trained by a different law enforcement collective, but our goals and our work were the same, paranormal or human.
Austin immediately reached for his phone while I stepped forward and deposited Harriet’s coffee in front of her, focusing on the sheriff and ignoring the others for now.
“It’s been my pleasure to assist you, Sheriff Quinn,” I said. “If you need me further, you know where to find me.” I could at the very least give her an out if she needed one, as it appeared to me she did.
Harriet hesitated, then nodded abruptly. “I’ll walk you out, detective,” she said.
I heard Austin muttering into his phone as we exited, grinned at the snarling response he gave whoever was on the other end, heard him growling something to the council members with enough fury I was satisfied my backstory held.
Not that I was worried about it, really. More so about Harriet, who paused at the front door to the sheriff’s office, reaching for the handle, staring out the glass into the street as she spoke.
“I’m sorry,” she said, low and angry. “This isn’t going the way it should have.”
“The fact Austin isn’t in custody and is, instead, turning the council against you, makes that very clear, Harriet.” I caught her flinch as she nodded. “My suggestion?” She looked up, met my eyes with her troubled hazel ones. “Call the state police.” Harriet wavered, licking her lips, glancing back over her shoulder at the open office door where Austin and the council members argued on the other side.
“I had to let them go,” she said, so much regret and anxiety in her suddenly I worried she might crumble. But she held on, knuckles white from her grip on the door. “I’ve been ordered to stand down. And my deputies refuse to help.” Another glance, this one with anger again. “Most of them served under Austin Cooper and are still loyal.”
Time to clean house, perhaps. Though apparently Harriet wasn’t in a position to make that happen. “They’re threatening to fire you, I take it.”
She nodded. “Austin called in a lawyer from the mainland, claims there’s no proof of any wrongdoing. The local judge refused to talk to me. If I go to state, they’ll fire me, Georgia.” Harriet stilled then, nodded at her reflection in the glass. “I guess that means they’ll be hiring a new sheriff.” And in that moment, she surprised me yet again, turning to look up at me, face set. “I’m worried about Miles,” she said. “He’s out there on his own and no one believes him, Georgia. As soon as I get rid of Austin and the council members, I’ll call the state police. But that still leaves us without answers as to who killed Jim, Nick and Charlie.”
“Did you talk to Fred Gray?” I kept my voice down, Austin’s sudden approach looming as he headed our way, Jacinta and Philip on his heels.
“Not yet,” she whispered. “Please, find Miles and keep an eye on him? I’ll let you know when I talk to the staties.” She pushed on the door, holding it open for me. “Thank you for everything, Detective Drake. I’ll take it from here.”
I hated leaving her without backup, but she seemed willing to do what was necessary and my presence obviously wasn’t helping matters. Which meant, a moment later, Benjamin and I stood on the sidewalk with the door closing behind us, Austin Cooper’s loud and obnoxious voice cut off as he harangued Harriet further.
I don’t like him, Mother, the mastiff grumbled.
That makes two of us, Benny, I sent.
He’s mean to Harriet and she doesn’t deserve that. The big, black dog shook his head. We have to make sure he pays for what he did, Mother. Benjamin’s sense of justice, while tempered thanks to his lovely soul, was still that of a Guild Hades Hound. Right and wrong were very black and white to him, at least when it came to others. I had a feeling I could do no wrong in his eyes, though I’d never want to test that.
We need to be careful now, I sent, walking slowly toward home as I tried to decide what to do from there. Finding Miles again wouldn’t be a problem, I was certain. More than likely he’d returned to the trailer. We don’t want to cause any trouble for her, do we?
No, Mother, the mastiff sighed in my head, letting out an audible groan of displeasure. Normal humans are complicated, aren’t they?
I laughed at that, ruffled his ears. “You can say that again.”

***

Chapter Twenty Four

The thought I could interrogate Fred Gray did cross my mind, but every time I considered pushing boundaries, I thought of Harriet and backed off instead. To the point I headed for home, my reluctant dog at my side. I was so wrapped up in my thoughts I didn’t notice we had company, the tall, broad-shouldered handyman I’d hired on his hands and knees on my back deck when we got home, pulling up old boards. Wards or not, he’d been on my property already which meant he’d been grandfathered permission and I’d need stronger magic to keep him away.
Except, of course, that was the furthest desire from my mind.
Benjamin hustled to Sam to nuzzle him and beg for pats, the handsome tradesman more than agreeable as he squinted up at me, setting aside his hammer to give the mastiff some hearty scratches. My dog rolled over onto his back, his happy groans so loud I laughed while Sam grinned at me.
“I heard what you did for Miles,” he said over Benjamin’s delighted chatter. “What Harriet did.”
I shrugged at that, tossing the coffee I’d failed to drink into the bin next to the deck’s growing refuse. “For all the good it’s done,” I said. “Apparently your island’s council seems to think Harriet is no longer suitable for her position as sheriff.”
Sam’s scowl only added to his attractiveness, though I was well aware stern and stoic men were my downfall. He carried on his belly rubs for Benjamin, however, not letting his anger alter his kindness to the mastiff, which said a lot about him. “With what you found out about Austin, I figure he’s last ditching. Running scared, making trouble to hide what he did.” Sam let out a short, harsh breath. “Tell me he won’t get a pass on framing Miles.”
“I’m afraid I have no control over that.” My own frustration finally bubbled to the top. I had to take a long moment of glaring at the ocean over the cliff’s edge before I could speak again. “Can you honestly tell me no one suspected Tommy Cooper was the real killer?”
Sam’s sigh was softer this time, Benjamin rolling over when the handyman’s hands settled and stopped, my mastiff laying his huge head in Sam’s lap, looking up at him with imploring worship. “I honestly don’t know,” he said. “All I do know is, after Riley died and Brian was injured, the football team did a big fundraiser, you know? To help pay for some of the medical bills. Oh, and I do remember Tommy’s truck went missing. He said it stopped working, got a new one.” He looked down at Benjamin, scratched the mastiff’s ears when he realized he’d stopped. “ But I never put it together and I don’t think anyone else did, either. They all wanted Miles to be guilty.”
Tommy’s truck went missing, just as I’d guessed it had earlier. Interesting and nice to know I was on my game. “I was right, then. His truck never surfaced again.” But would once I had a chance to search the woods, I was certain of that.
“Not as far as I know.” Of course they decided to get rid of it, just like Miles’ car. If I could find it, maybe it would be enough for the state troopers to arrest him and his former sheriff father. Blood evidence might be long gone, however. Still, it was better than sitting around doing nothing.
I left Sam to his work, the sound of him drilling and hammering and cracking wood distracting, as was his shirtless body on my back deck, though I found even that view not sufficient to keep me from pacing.
The internal argument that carried on the majority of the day went something like this:
Go for a “walk” with Benjamin and find the truck, if it was out there (maybe excusable and believable but a tenuous lead that might turn up nothing).
“Bump into” Fred Gray at his own house (worst plan ever that would probably get Harriet fired).
Mind my own business (not going to happen, sorry).
I did send a message to the ravens, asking them to search for the truck near where the car had been abandoned, but they were sleepy and grumpy and ignored me, Conscio promising they’d do so as soon as dusk fell. I caught a glimpse of them roosting in a hip-roof barn, snuggled together for a nap, and left them be. While Benjamin was more than amenable to doing what I asked, my relationship with the ravens felt much more like asking peers for help. That was what I got for rescuing them from a dark mage who used them as power funnels. They’d both sworn they’d never take orders from anyone again and I was the last person who’d bully them anyway.
They were family, and I was blessed to have them in my life. Still, hard not to be a bit grumbly about the whole thing.
Benjamin spent most of the morning outside with Sam, staring at him with moon-eyes, the silly creature. When I offered the handyman lunch, however, the noon-day sun beating down over the California coast, he turned me down.
“I have another job I need to finish this afternoon,” he said, packing up. “Just a few bits and pieces, won’t take me more than a couple of hours. So I’ll be back tomorrow.” He hesitated. “Wouldn’t mind lunch then, if you’re still offering.”
He had no idea where my thoughts went, bless him.
I waved him off, finally distracted enough to smile as I did, a wicked giggle escaping as I contemplated the next day’s opportunity to get to know him better.
I really needed to stop thinking of him as a snack.
Fortunately, I was spared further contemplation on that topic—I really needed to do something about my thought process before I scared the poor man away—by a knock on the door. Benjamin’s instant delight greeted our visitor, Mavis Fernsby entering as he wagged his tail and panted a grinning greeting.
“Mavis!” He head butted her gently. “Welcome!”
“Hi, Benny.” She hugged him before nodding to me. “Saw Sam leaving.” Her own wicked grin had me blushing, imagine.
A few minutes later, we sat over coffee on the partially destroyed deck, the ME stretching out her short, stocky legs, tanned under her denim shorts, her thick, curved toes in her flip flops speaking of gnome blood in her lineage. Which made sense, her connection to earth so powerful it fed into her necromancy perfectly.
“You saw Harriet,” Mavis said, staring over the ocean, cup handle between her fingers but coffee untouched.
“I had the pleasure of meeting Philip Cantos and Jacinta Wren,” I said. “Austin Cooper introduced us.”
“He’s been trying to prove you’re not a real detective.” She snorted, finally sipped. “I take it your backstory held because he’s dropped that line of attack, apparently.” Her pale eyes met mine, full of good humor. “As if you have anything to prove, Inquisitor Drake.”
I shrugged that off. “I’m more worried about Harriet losing her job and Austin Cooper taking his old position back.”
“Me too, frankly,” Mavis said. “She was elected, but the council has a proviso if she proves unable to do the job to their satisfaction she can be removed.” Human politics were no different than ours, it seemed, corruption and personal gain woven into the warp and weft. “If Austin takes power again, I have no doubt he’ll find a way to have the charges against him dropped, and Tommy, too. He’s claiming the confession you and Harriet got from his son last night was coerced and since there was no lawyer present, Judge Grundle will side with his old drinking buddy and throw it out. Without that confession, all we really have is proof Miles didn’t kill Riley, not that Tommy did.”
“What about a real exhumation?” Surely an accurate autopsy would prove she was struck.
“Again, if it’s Grundle we ask, he’ll turn the order down,” Mavis said. “And that’s only if Mona and Fred agree to allow it.”
The walls were closing in and I was outside, for legion’s sake. “His truck went missing,” I said. Now I really needed to find it, right? “Sam told me after Riley died, Tommy Cooper’s truck disappeared. If it’s out there with Miles’ car, could the evidence still be viable?”
Mavis squinted at me. “If I was allowed to use magic,” she said. “No amount of bleach or rain or time would remove the girl’s blood from that bumper.” Was she suggesting what I thought she was suggesting? “You find the truck Tommy drove that night and I’ll get you evidence, Georgia.”
That was good enough for me.
“Has Harriet talked to Fred yet?” I still wasn’t convinced Riley’s father had the chutzpah to carry through on three murders, let alone have the cunning to do so. Certainly, he bore anger enough for murder, that was clear to me. But the targeted deaths based on their private fears felt carefully orchestrated, and extremely personal. Why, after all this time, would Fred suddenly decide to commit vengeful murder?
“Not as far as I know,” Mavis said. “She’s hit a wall, Georgia. And while I trust Harriet to do the right thing, I’m not so sure this island’s council—or residents for that matter—are willing to dredge up the past they thought they buried twenty years ago.” She sipped another slurp of coffee. “Normal humans aren’t all that different from us, are they?”
I grunted at that. Didn’t answer, because she was right. Hadn’t I run into my own towering mountains of immovable stone not so long ago? How many times had I dealt with powerful magic users who’d broken our laws only to be handed light sentences despite their guilt or reassigned instead of incarcerated? Certainly, my position as an inquisitor allowed me the power to take them down from the heights which they thought would protect them, but not always in a way that felt like justice had prevailed. Frustrating, but part of our system and, apparently, that of Whitewitch Island, too.
Mavis finally pushed her unfinished coffee aside and stood, stretching rather ungracefully before shrugging her wide shoulders. “You plan to search for that truck, you do it after dark and take precautions,” she said, voice now low and full of warning. “And shield yourself. I wouldn’t put it past Austin Cooper to come after you, Georgia. The man’s on a desperate path to protect himself and his son and if he thinks he can get away with covering up an old murder even after the truth comes out, who’s to say he won’t commit a new one and smother that, too?”
I watched her go, Benjamin sitting next to me rather than walking her out, the necromancer ME stomping her way around the corner of the house and down the walkway to her car.
“I won’t let anyone hurt you, Mother,” he growled, fur bristling.
“Hopefully Mavis is just being overly cautious,” I said. “Besides, I have more than enough means to protect myself without you throwing your silly behind in front of a normal bullet.” I hugged him, kissed the top of his head. “Promise me.”
Benjamin met my eyes with his own quiet and resolved. “No promises,” he said.
Stubborn creature. That was all right. I had magic enough to protect both of us.
Except, I’d told myself that the night Elias died, hadn’t I?
I couldn’t lose Benjamin, too.
Mavis’ suggestion I wait until nightfall was sound, though only added to my frustration so by the time the raven’s flapped their way into the living room, heavy clouds had rolled in over the ocean to match the ones hovering around me and weighing me down with churning frustration fit for a thunderstorm.
Before we could head out, however, my phone buzzed, an unknown number sending me a text I scanned and then reread again.
Detective Drake, this is Miles Williams. How had he messaged me? Harriet. She had to have given him my cell digits. Thank you for everything you’ve done for me. I had planned to leave town, but it sounds like I might be charged again. Oh no, he wasn’t. Before I could fire off a reply to the negative, another text came through. I need your help. Sheriff Quinn can’t so she told me to talk to you. You remember I showed you that message I got, telling me to go to the bank roof? Did I. I just got this. He sent a screen shot next of the message in question. If you want revenge for what happened, meet me where they died. His next text came quickly. What do I do?
They? But Brian was still alive. Maybe to the texter he was already dead. Did that mean Fred Gray was the man behind the message? You meet whoever it is, I sent, but not alone. I’ll be there, Miles. Because it was more than likely whoever messaged him—was it Fred?—was the murderer of the three men who’d died over Riley’s passing and it sounded like either Miles was being set up yet again or was even possibly the next target.
Regardless, no matter the killer’s plan, they weren’t counting on me, on Benjamin and the ravens. And that provided me enough confidence to encourage Miles into the line of fire.
I just hoped I wouldn’t come to regret it.
I’m leaving now, he sent. Ten minutes.
I’ll meet you there. I paused as I moved to tuck my phone into my back pocket. Had a horrible and yet logical thought that drove me to do a quick internet search. Rewarded me with information my intuition leapt to connect.
Realized I knew who the killer was and likely why that person had acted now, of all times.
And set Benjamin loose, the ravens overhead, as a bubble of magic carried us to the place where all of this began.

***

Chapter Twenty Five

I was faster than Miles, on purpose, my companions and I making it to the side of the road where the white cross with Riley’s name on it stood in the darkness. Though, as I approached it, still bubbled in protective power, I went looking for the proof I’d seen during my web search.
Found it, jerked loose of the ground and discarded, the scarred spot where the matching cross to Riley’s had been worked free and tossed aside bearing two names I’d only heard recently.
No wonder Luke Morrison was terrified of car accidents. His wife Megan and baby daughter Skyler had died in the same spot as Riley Gray had that night, twenty years later. The fact their commemorative cross lay abandoned as though the one who’d done the deed couldn’t bear its presence, confirmed to me I finally had all the pieces.
And that Luke Morrison was in a very dangerous state of mind.
Mavis. I reached out to the necromancer, caught a glimpse of her in her dressing gown, sitting in her living room, TV flickering in front of her, the taste of wine in my mouth a moment. It’s Luke Morrison.
She was on her feet and moving immediately. Where? Never mind. I’m on my way. She cut me off before I could share, clearly using her connection to my own necromancy to pull out the location.
Trouble was, I really couldn’t wait for her to arrive. For all I knew, Luke’s endgame was already underway and if I didn’t act now, two—possibly three or more—lives were about to end tragically.
Benjamin, I sent, take lead. Ravens, find this man. I showed them his face, their croaking grumbles turning to chattering as they lifted off and soared into the trees, the black mastiff bounding after them while I lifted off and flew in his wake.
Someone is ahead, Benjamin sent almost immediately, a flicker of a face telling me I was right and Luke had made his last move. Because it wasn’t his features I made out, nor that of Miles Williams. Benjamin pulled out, showing me the rickety frame of the hip roof barn the raven’s spotted the night before. Here, Mother.
Hurry. I pushed him harder, the white and black birds two streaks of feathers as they pointed the way, Benjamin only slowing as he reached the narrow clearing outside the wooden doors to the barn. One of them hung partially askew, the other cracked open just enough for us to squeeze through.
We’ve been here before. Conscio reminded me. They’d perched in this very space just this morning. Had we known…
No matter now, Caprice snapped. There are people inside, Georgia, and much anger. Danger threatens. How do you want to proceed?
That was the question and, for the first time, I hesitated. Yes, I had my amazing mastiff and the ravens at my side, but my partner was missing. The other half of me. How could I act alone this way? So strange, this feeling, how I froze in place despite myself, locked into indecision and unfamiliarity to tightly it compressed my magic, my thoughts, my breath.
Mother, Benjamin sent gently. You’re not alone.
I know, Benny, I sent back, forcing air into my lungs, my mind past the moment—
—hot power, invisible to the eye, bending trees, throwing me backward—
I know, I repeated, finally accepting it. Let’s end this. And dropped my bubble of protection, entering the barn with Benjamin pushing through in front of me, the ravens tucking their wings as they soared past the opening in effortless flight.
My night vision wasn’t necessary, dull, yellow light rising from past a pile of discarded equipment and stacked straw bales rotting in the gloom. The scent of mildew and neglect tickled my nose, forcing me to hold my breath and the sneeze that loomed. I circled the mess mostly blocking the entry, Benjamin hunkering low as he did the same, the faintest flutter of wings overhead settling as the ravens perched and observed.
Someone had parked a red and white truck in the middle of the mostly empty space in the center of the barn, a large, filthy tarp tossed to one side clearly a covering that had hidden the rusted, dented pickup for many years. That same someone had set a lantern on the rotting floorboards next to the front left bumper, a visible dent in the fender all the proof I needed, though the grille guard showed no sign of old blood. Washed clean before the truck was tucked away forever, no doubt.
Two men sat in the front seat, though it only took the briefest of touches from my power to prove they were still alive, only unconscious, my necromancy bouncing back with steady heartbeats and breathing. While Tommy Cooper sat behind the wheel, I wasn’t surprised to find his father leaning into him on the passenger’s side, the back club cab empty. Because the three men who’d occupied those seats were already dead.
That only left Luke Morrison, the weighty depth of his grief so bare and raw I was able to track his movements without seeing him, unsurprised when he emerged from the darkness with a large, red cannister in one hand.
With the two men in the cab unconscious, I could have risked magic. They’d never know, and it was clear to me from the expression on his face, from what he’d done, Luke Morrison was in the midst of some kind of psychotic episode. But, before I could decide, act, choose to break the laws that bound my power, he looked up.
Nodded to me.
“Hello, Detective Drake,” he said. “Welcome to the end of the road.”
Talking it was, then. I stepped out into the low light, hands outstretched. Only then noting his left hand might hold a gas can but the right, now pointed directly at me, had a gun. Hadn’t I told Benjamin not to get shot for me, after Mavis’ warning? Except it wasn’t Austin Cooper we had to worry about.
“This is the truck that killed Riley Gray.” Advanced human weapons were odd things, reacted differently to magic than more traditional ones like swords or axes. Gunpowder had a nullifying influence on some spells, the combination of elements interfering with execution. Not that I planned on letting him shoot any of us, mind you, but I needed to be careful, just in case.
Hopefully Mavis’ warning wasn’t foresight after all.
“Yes,” Luke said, gesturing at it with the gas can, gun level and steady. While he seemed lucid and appeared calm, I gently inserted myself into the edge of his aura and read the depth of his grief, the spiral of his own storm as thunder rumbled in the distance. He’d broken a month ago, and this was the result. “We killed her that night. Tommy and Jim and Charlie and Nick and me.” He rhymed off their names in a string almost like a song. “They said she was a deer. I knew better. We all did. We killed her and left Megan there.”
I nodded, though he had the name wrong, calling up the death of his wife instead of that of Riley Gray. No point in arguing with his damaged mind, not now. Instead, hands still outstretched, I attempted to appease him. Benjamin hold, I sent as he stalked forward a step.
I won’t let him harm you, Mother, the mastiff replied.
Nor will we. Conscio and Caprice connected with me, their vision showing me what they could see through a gap in the wall of the barn, revealing Mavis’ arrival.
Perfect. I just needed to keep him distracted another moment and maybe we could wrap this up without magic after all. Jerked my attention back to Luke, knowing using my power had to be last resort. Except, as I debated taking him down with power and damn the consequences, Luke acted before I could make up my mind, and far more quickly than I expected. My power instinctively reached for him, but he’d already moved. Leaped up to the back of the truck, standing in the box, gun aimed at me, the gas can tipping as he emptied the contents over the cab and under his feet. And then himself even as Mavis joined me.
And, curse the Fates for their continuing grudge, she wasn’t alone.
“Sheriff,” Luke said, dull and toneless, identifying the source of my fresh annoyance. I glared at the necromancer ME who shrugged, Mavis’ own face twisted in frustration. Harriet stepped forward, her own gun out, aimed at Luke, the stench of the spilled gasoline wafting over me as a stiff breeze ahead of the approaching storm washed tainted air through the musty barn. “I’m glad you’re here. To witness this. It’s finally over, Sheriff. Tell Miles… tell him, I’m sorry. I never meant for him to be accused all over again. This was never about him. I just wanted him to see I was here to make them pay.”
“Tell me what it is about, Luke.” Harriet’s compassion hadn’t disappeared, her kindness reaching him, at least enough he answered, though I already knew what he was going to say.
“I need to pay for my crime,” Luke said. “And so do they.” He gestured at the still unconscious pair in the front seat. Only then did I realize the back window was open and both men were soaked by the same gas Luke used on himself. “That’s why they died, you know.” He started to shake, enough the gun wavered, but didn’t lower. “Why I lost Megan and Skyler. That same stretch of highway. Right where we killed Riley that night.” He sobbed once, caught his breath, hiccupped before wiping at his nose with the back of his now empty hand, the discarded canister at his feet making a clatter as it fell. Another boom of thunder rolled, this time preceded by a flash of white light outside, the storm drawing near, rising wind shaking the rafters, forcing Luke to raise his voice to be heard. “Even Mother Nature knows what we did.” He raised his free arm over his head, looking up. “I was drunk the night Riley died. We all were. And I was drunk the night I killed my wife and daughter.” Luke choked, gagged, shook his head. Pointed the gun at the back of Austin’s head. “And he covered it up for me again, Harry. Did you know that? He did it again.”
That I hadn’t known, nor, it seemed, had the sheriff who flinched but didn’t waver in her focus. “I was at the accident, Luke,” she said. “You took the breath test. You were sober.”
“He told the deputy who gave it to me to look the other way,” Luke said. “I called him and he called Grant and that was that. But it was my fault, Harry. Just like it was that night, when we killed Riley. I stole the rum from my dad. The rum we all drank. I killed her, and now I’m paying for it.” He shuddered. “Now we’re all paying for it. Because if I don’t make them pay, Harry, worse will happen. Fate took my family, karma.” I wasn’t going to argue because I knew they had that ability, though targeting a normal human wasn’t something they typically did. “When we’re gone, they can rest, Harry. All of them.” He sobbed one last time. “I can rest.”
It seemed the two men in the cab of the truck disagreed, both coming to awakening with a breath of my magic to stir them to the surface. Mavis threw me a look, her own power ready, though what we could do I still hadn’t figured out, hoping the now thrashing and yelling former sheriff and his son, both crying out for Luke to stop, might distract him enough.
For what? For Harriet to shoot him? I had no doubt she could handle the weapon in her hands, but actually pulling the trigger on another soul was far different that hitting a paper target.
Luke backed away from the front of the box, reaching into his pocket. Pulled out a small, silver square, lightning striking so close by I felt the ion sizzle of its impact, the roar of answering thunder making Benjamin howl and the ravens flutter.
I had to risk it. Magic was the only way. But before I could act, Mavis did it for me. The perfect distraction, the flickering, hovering image of his dead wife and daughter appearing in front of Luke who wavered, reached for them with both hands, cried out their names.
Harriet shuddered beside me, gaping, her own gun falling as she stared at the spectacle. Luke dropped his gun, but clung to the lighter, taking a step toward the contrived image of his deceased loved ones as I took my shot even as he flipped the top open and struck the flame.

***

Chapter Twenty Six

There was little time to think and none to consider the consequences, not any longer. Though, apparently the Fates had finally had enough fun at my expense, because the instant Luke’s thumb touched the spinning wheel of the lighter, I had an instinctual idea that I seized on and utilized with a wash of magic contained in a whisper.
You see, gasoline was flammable, the fumes alone enough to spark the kind of explosive reaction that could rival the marching storm overhead given the right circumstances.
Water, on the other hand? Not so much. And while yes, I used magic in front of normals, the only outcome? The transmutation of said gasoline into that most harmless and sustaining of fluids. Which meant I bypassed the law, if with a squeak and a plea. I didn’t cast magic on Luke himself personally, after all. I’d merely transformed the liquid around him.
Sophistry at its best. Taking a bow.
Harriet’s scream of terror as the flame woke on the lighter ended a moment later as she straightened from her reflexive crouch, shaking and staring. Luke, for his part, stared at the flickering flame in his hand with a shocked expression, touching the fire to his person only to have it wink out as water dripped onto the ignition source.
It was enough to break him. With a scream that ripped through the echoing thunder marching overhead, Luke fell to his knees in the bed of the truck that took the life of Riley Gray and sobbed into his hands while Harriet rushed forward to take him into custody as the sound of ponderous rain broke on the roof of the musty old barn, washing the last of the gasoline stench away.
***
Mavis watched the EMTs tuck Luke into the back of the ambulance, the shot she’d given him to settle his seemingly inconsolable sobbing doing its job. While he had stopped weeping, however, his mumbling didn’t fade, nor did the depth of his truly shattering grief I could only skim the edges of before forcing myself back away from him so his despair didn’t become contagious.
“If he was one of us,” Mavis whispered to me while the ambulance drove off, “he’d have been contained long before now. He’d have infected half the state with any power behind him.”
Unfortunately, there had been no outward sign of Luke’s psychosis thanks to his lack of power and he’d been left to suffer and fall deeper into the darkness that more than likely would claim him at some point.
“I can’t believe we got that lucky.” Harriet joined us, blowing out a dazed breath in a whistle, shoes squelching in a puddle. The rain had come and gone as quickly as the storm, faint flashes and rumbles in the distance the only evidence it had even been here. “The idiot used the wrong can, can you believe it?” Easy enough to nudge her into that belief, to do the same to Tommy and Austin, without further seeding the space with magic. The ravens had already done a flyby, their power softening the edges of the energy I’d used, that Mavis did to create the illusion to distract Luke. As long as no one was actually paying attention, by the time the ravens were done, no one of our kind would be the wiser.
Though, the sheriff’s fresh frown and flicker of anxiety told me this wasn’t entirely over.
“Did you two see…?” Right, the supposed apparitions of Rachel and Skyler. There wasn’t much I could do about that, nor Mavis, not without actually breaking a law. Sanctioned creation of a backstory was one thing, supervised by the Guild in question. But unsanctioned tampering with memories of normal humans to hide magical activity was just a bit too far over the line for comfort. Good thing for us, Harriet was such a practical soul. She shook her head then, barked a little laugh as Austin and Tommy were led out of the barn by a pair of state police, the deputies standing off, glaring at her though she didn’t seem to notice. She was going to have trouble with her staff, if not the council, but Harriet wasn’t interested in such things as she waved off her question before Mavis or I could answer. “Never mind,” she said. “Pressure of the moment and all. Poor Luke.”
Yes, indeed.
Austin paused near us, the state trooper nodding to Harriet who collected herself quickly and nodded back.
“I was sure I smelled gas.” His dazed expression had paled him out to near gray, Tommy not looking much better.
“It’s an old rig,” Harriet offered the cover Mavis and I didn’t even have to come up with, bless her. “You were smelling that. Gas tank rusted through after twenty years hidden out here.” She glanced toward the open door to the barn, at the state forensics team examining the bumper of the truck before she met his eyes again. “Just like you hid Miles’ car to keep anyone from knowing the truth.” She squinted up at him. “I’m guessing there’ll be some old trace of Riley Gray on that truck of yours,” she said. I had no doubt she was right. Mavis would make sure of that, even if magic was required to see it through. “The council can’t protect you from that, Austin.”
“They won’t have to, Sheriff Quinn,” Tommy said. “I’m done hiding, Dad. Lie if you want, but it’s time everyone knew what happened.” Head down, he let the trooper lead him off.
Good to know at least one of the Coopers was willing to face the music.
Resentment returned to the old sheriff’s face, but he didn’t argue, the trooper holding him guiding him away while Harriet turned to us and let out a quick, happy breath, eyes alight, grinning wide and full of bounce as she bobbed on her toes in barely suppressed glee.
“That,” she said, “was amazing.” Caught her breath, flinched a little. “Is that wrong?”
I laughed, hugged her impulsively. “Harriet,” I said, “why didn’t you ever go to the academy?”
She shrugged when I let her go, blushing in the bright lights of the cruisers parked around the barn entrance. “I always wanted to,” she said. “But Austin Cooper said I wasn’t good enough.” Harriet’s happiness faded. “And maybe he was right, once upon a time. But not anymore.”
Mavis hugged her, too. “Proved that, I think,” she said.
But the sheriff shook her head, looking back and forth between us. “You two helped so much,” she said. “I couldn’t have done it without you.” As far as I was concerned, Harriet could have all the credit and no doubt Mavis felt the same. The sheriff beamed at me. “A bit late, but welcome to Whitewitch Island, Georgia.”
I’d had worse welcomes.
Don’t ask.

***

Chapter Twenty Seven

I watched Sam Spencer as he expertly handled the boards for my deck and caught myself smiling, wondering just how skilled those hands could be under the right conditions.
Georgia Drake. Honestly.
It was nice to see Miles Williams working side-by-side with him, a surprise to discover the former community pariah had decided to stay on Whitewitch Island.
“Mona let me see Brian,” he’d confessed to me this morning. “He recognized me.” Miles’ smile hopefully meant he’d begun his own healing. “Fred’s still not all that keen on me being around, but I offered to do some work around the house, rebuild their ramp and such. Spend time with Bri.” He’d sniffled, looked away, a tear escaping before his smile came back. “So, I guess I’ll stick around a bit.”
It turned out he’d decided not to come to the barn last night, though I’d only found out after checking my phone long after the party was over.
Whoever is doing this, they can keep their hate, he’d sent shortly after I’d arrived at the accident site. I know what happened and I don’t owe anyone anything.
Hope. A rare commodity at times. But Miles had found some and I could only trust the Fates had better things in store for him now. He’d certainly earned it.
Sam caught me watching, waved. I wiggled my fingers over the rim of my coffee mug, wondering what Miles’ presence meant to our pending lunch. Or, maybe I’d suggest dinner instead, since three was a crowd.
Make that four. No, six, the snoring ravens perched over Benjamin who lay beneath them, curled up in his bed, watching me watching Sam.
I just want to help, he whined in my head.
He’d been banished to the living room only a few minutes ago, his helping amounting to a box of screws being knocked over, a pile of wood toppling and Miles tripping over him and almost hitting his head.
You have other skills, I said. Carpentry isn’t one of them.
He grumbled and sighed deeply, making me smile all over again.
My skin tingled, the over-caffeination of my day begun hours ago with a morning outing with Olive and Holly. I hadn’t expected Mavis to join us, the ME winking at me over the rumor going around that Luke’s wife and daughter haunted Whitewitch Island.
“One of the deputies told me,” Olive said, her attempt at a conspiratorial whisper forcing me to hide my grin behind my cup because Holly’s eye roll was impressive to say the least. “The sheriff herself saw them. Poor Luke.”
No offense meant, but I was very tired of that sentiment.
When Harriet joined us, at least Olive refrained from asking questions, she and Holly leaving us when the daughter dragged the mother away for a promised shopping trip on the mainland. The moment they were gone, Harriet got down to business filling us in on final details.
“Both Tommy and Austin agreed to confess to their parts in Riley’s death and the cover up.” She sounded relieved, but glanced side to side as though expecting some instant repercussions to land on her for talking about it out loud. “I encouraged Miles to apply for a pardon, so hopefully he does.” An excellent idea. “They took you up on the mental hospital suggestion, Mavis,” she said to the ME. “Luke’s on the mainland. I guess his lawyer is claiming he was out of his mind at the time of the deaths.” While she sounded skeptical, I truly believed Luke would be better off in some kind of mental health situation rather than the harsh environs of prison. “Whatever happens, the truth is finally out and that’s all I care about.” She nodded once, lips pursed.
“Any backlash from the council?” Mavis’ growling question had Harriet shrugging.
“They can’t very well accuse me of wrongdoing considering they supported a man who now admits he broke the law.” She didn’t seem completely convinced, but I was less worried about Harriet now than I had been. “Term’s up in November, so we’ll see, won’t we?”
At least Austin Cooper wouldn’t be trying to take her job.
“Listen, Georgia,” Harriet said, paused then rushed on. “I’m really grateful for everything you did. I learned a lot from you. I hope nothing like this ever happens again.”
The silent “but” hung between us in a bobbing little bundle of hope I answered with a smile.
“You know I’m happy to help, Harriet,” I said. Inhaled a long breath, looked around with a feeling of peace and contentment. “This is my home too, after all.”
She grinned at me. “So it is,” she said.
“You’re sure my help will be welcome in the future?” I hadn’t exactly left the two council members I’d met with a good first impression. No fault of my own, but there it was.
“Turns out that Captain Sathroy of yours had nothing but good things to say,” Harriet said. “I was actually authorized to offer you an acting deputy position, if the need ever arises.” She blushed slowly, smile fading. “Not that you would ever work for me or anything.”
I squeezed her hand, surprised to be so delighted by her offer. “I’m in.”
Harriet left us, Mavis lingering, her own sigh emerging rather discontented.
“Miss it?” I winked at her when she wrinkled her nose at me.
“Every day,” she said. “You?”
“Not so much anymore,” I said.
Mavis laughed. “I guess you’re right,” she said. “Nothing like a mystery to keep things interesting.” Looked up at the clear, blue sky before I could suggest she maybe watch what she say around me in particular. “That’s not a request,” she said with some annoyance before meeting my gaze again. “Fates.”
Apparently I wasn’t the only one who had a gripe with the three mistresses of the loom.
My phone rang, dragging me back to the present and the truly delicious view out my back window. I sighed and reached for my cell, glancing at the number.
You’re not going to answer? Benjamin’s pouting wasn’t over if his tone of voice meant anything.
It’s Mom, I sent back. Let it go to voicemail, though the moment it stopped ringing, a text landed.
I sent you a housewarming gift, she sent. And I know you ignored my call, Georgia.
I snorted over the message. Looked up, remembering the envelope that I’d discovered in my mailbox. It lay, forgotten in the turmoil of the last few days, on the kitchen counter, though I frowned at the size of it before reaching for it.
Mom’s gifts tended toward the grandiose and dramatic, so whatever lay inside the small envelope was either going to explode into a bout of epic magic I’d never hide from the men outside, or it wasn’t from her.
I took the risk, power sliding over it, found it absent of any kind of magic. Well, maybe she’d picked something mundane as a nod to my new life. If only she knew this new life felt a bit like the old thanks to the case I’d just helped solve. Not that she’d ever know.
The seal parted easily, the folded piece of paper inside scribed with a simple message, a single sentence handwritten in black ink.
Enjoy your retirement, Georgia.
That was it.
Though it wasn’t, was it? Because as the fingers of one hand grasped the side of the page, the index of the other encountered a small, hard prize inside the envelope.
I didn’t realize Benjamin was at my side nor that I’d sunk to the stool at the kitchen island, my heart pounding, pulse racing inside me as two things struck me harder than any physical or even magical blow could have.
First, the ring I slid out onto the countertop, plain silver with the single black stone, was familiar enough it made tears well in my eyes as that pounding of my heart smothered me in the thudding ache as one beat skipped before jerking painfully back into rhythm.
His ring. The ring I gave Elias when we became partners. The ring I could never find after his death. Gone from the body they’d brought in, missing, lost forever, I’d thought. The last piece I had of him, gone.
Not gone.
Only one soul could have taken possession of it that night. And chose to return it to me. Along with the second shock.
The ink on the note. Wasn’t. Wasn’t ink.
I’d know Elias’ blood anywhere.
Enjoy your retirement, Georgia. The enemy.
Made his last mistake.

###

Want more Georgia Drake?
Look for book two of the Whitewitch Island Paranormal Cozies!
Dead And Buried RIGHT HERE!
***

Merry Little Mystic Murder
Phoebe Monday Paranormal Cozies: One


Patti Larsen
Copyright 2020 Patti Larsen

***
Chapter One

Do you have any idea how hard it is to focus on spell casting with Jingle Bells running in your head?
Hard. Trust me.
Still, this was my favorite part, despite the subject and content, endless chatter pulling my focus, scent of pumpkin spice and pine dominating the air in the bullpen. Maybe that meant something about me, how enjoying the process of uncovering things people thought hidden brought me joy and peace, far more than carols or the holiday season or eggnog lattes.
And maybe it just meant I was good at what I did.
I focused on the way the pencil felt in my hand, the weight of my sketchbook perched on my knee, the rhythm and tone of the old man’s voice as he spoke past the endlessly irritating Christmas songs playing at someone’s desk. Allowed the power within me to block out the sounds of the police department, how my stomach growled for a gingerbread cookie I spotted on the way in, into the words the elderly homeless Unk Jay-Jay used to describe his attacker.
I always compare the beginning to blowing a bubble, the skin of the surface of the spell shining, catching light as though created from the sparkling edge of a rainbow, moving in a slow dance across the surface as it grew and enveloped first the speaker, then drew me inside, washing across me in the gentlest sigh of welcome.
The. Best. Part.
Being inside someone else’s experience had its downfalls, especially in cases like this. Witnessing the attack he’d undergone the night before, seeing the source of the bruise on his left cheek, certainly had nothing pleasant about it. And yet, there was this delicious connection, a deeply abiding contentment to sharing in the moment I would never, ever take for granted.
And, of course, once I was in, I had control of the memory, so I didn’t have to live through the pain of the blow that carried poor Unk to the ground. Instead, I stepped into that instant in time, and took a look around.
The dark alley’s only illumination came from a streetlight at the far end, just enough whitewash cast to throw shadows and highlight bits and pieces of the scene. I stepped around Unk and the rusting shopping car piled high with the possessions he deemed worthy, skimming across a puddle of something oozing from the bottom of a dented dumpster. There were faint, warbled sounds in the frozen moment, distorted by the stillness of time, a scent that translated from his experience to mine, though not a breath of air. I could even vaguely taste from his perspective, though I tried not to focus on such details. I wasn’t here to be him. I was here to know what he knew, even if he couldn’t remember.
The mind endlessly fascinated me, knowing how much we absorbed while only consciously registering a fraction of the massive amount of information available at any given moment. Sucked when someone tried to recall, but worked well with my particular little talent.
Normal people had no idea how powerful words could be. But I knew.
The attacker wasn’t big, though he had at least four inches or so on me. Mind you, I wasn’t what you’d call tall myself, barely the five-foot-one I claimed on my driver’s license. I had the immediate impression of youth from the image, of a slender body inside that dark hoody and jeans, sneakers new enough but unremarkable in their branding. Of course he wore a ski mask, disguising his features. Sometimes I could see past the thick weave of cloth, but only if the victim had personal contact with their attacker, subliminal cues missed in the moment but easily uncovered when I stepped into their memory. This time, it was clear to me either Unk had no previous contact with the young man who’d struck him down and stolen from his cart or any such possible interaction was, instead, casual and momentary enough it didn’t stick in Unk’s head.
I sighed over the lack of detail, the light not sufficient to identify eye color, though they did appear dark to me, the lashes long and thick enough most girls would envy them. The lips had a unique shape at least, a small scar marring the right side of the cupid’s bow, tugging it slightly askew. A detail that could help in the long run.
Circling the memory didn’t help much, Unk’s lack of information meant there was only darkness when I tried to look behind the young man, the solid line between what he’d seen and what he hadn’t an endless source of frustration.
“How’s it going over here?”
I jerked in surprise, crying out a little, dropping my pencil. The return to the bullpen hit me in a blow of disorienting reality, sights and sounds washing away the crystal clear moment I’d been lost in. Part of me hated coming back to the real world. The quiet and stillness of memory had such an anchoring sensation, being forced to return meant a solid ten seconds of blinking and being the weirdo I knew I was in plain view of everyone.
Officer Cooper Hudson was already bending to retrieve my pencil, his tall, muscular self brushing against my left knee, the scent of the delicious but subtle cologne he wore another layer of reality that helped bring me back despite myself. His apologetic grin with those perfect white teeth and the utter focus in his pale green eyes always made me blush for some reason.
Maybe because I wasn’t used to being the center of anyone’s attention. Not with the family I came from.
“Sorry, Phoebe,” Coop said in that lovely bass voice of his, handing me my pencil, the tip broken from its contact with the tile floor. He hesitated, noticing at the same moment I did, regret surfacing on his expressive face. One thing about Coop, I never had to wonder what he was feeling. A heart that big had trouble disguising itself.
“It’s fine.” I took the pencil, tucking it under the flap of my satchel. “I think we’re done anyway.” It was the first time since exploring his memory I looked up and met Unk’s eyes and found him grinning past his heavy silver beard, his sharp, blue gaze flickering back and forth between me and Coop fast enough I knew what he was thinking.
Which made me blush all over again.
“You two make a cute couple,” Unk said before hiccupping. The faint scent of alcohol reached me, his red nose lined with broken capillaries and the shaking of his hands clear indication he’d be seeking another drink or many the moment I was done with him.
I looked down at the sketchbook in my lap, the image I’d drawn with my body while my spirit had been lost in the bubble of his memory. Turned the book around to show Unk who nodded with enthusiasm before sighing another aromatic breath.
“That’s him,” Unk said. “That’s the creep.” His pale eyes brimmed with tears, snuffle following, one dirty gloved hand rising to swipe over the tip of that bulbous red nose. As though the fabled Santa Claus had somehow fallen on hard times. “Didn’t see his face, like I told the detectives.”
I smiled my encouragement. “You did great, Unk,” I said, while Coop whistled at the image.
“No wonder you’re our favorite sketch artist,” he said. Blushed himself. Leaned back and cleared his throat, arms crossing over his uniform shirt. “Nice work, Miss Monday.”
“Officer Hudson.” He perked instantly at the sound of his name, left in a rush but making sure to take a moment to smile at me with that glowingly optimistic mindset of his making him practically shimmer to someone like me. I couldn’t help but watch him stride off to the other side of the bullpen, though I swear it was his aura that held my attention.
Not looking at his well-formed and rather ridiculously attractive backside.
Unk chuckled and I blushed again, darn it. I really had to get that under control. While the old man winked at me.
“Ah, young love,” he said. Before his face fell, sorrow swallowing joy, memory surfacing in a rush, the bubble of it almost taking me.
I had to shake off the connection to keep from diving into the entirety of his life, the lure of living another’s memories—especially once I’d done so—a bit like an addiction. Instead, I shifted my focus which meant, instead of his past, I got to see glimpses of his future.
A sad and tragic day unfolded for him in my mind’s eye, flashing forward in an instant while the world stood still around me. Being chased off by a store owner while he scrounged for a bit of food, having his belongings scattered when a car struck his cart, a binge on alcohol that led him to a deep stupor inside a cardboard box as night fell.
Step back, Phoebe. See the bigger picture.
There, branching from this moment, another option. And a second, a third. Infinite possibilities chasing lines of choice and luck spreading in a fan of futures that flickered in hope of creation, waiting for his next decision. Except, it was clear from the solidity of the one I’d just seen he was on a path to choose the worst of his fates, not the best. Not even the next most hopeful.
One thing I knew for sure. His beliefs, his patterns of being, held him in thrall. But I could also see that all it would take to shift him into something more positive was a little nudge.
And so, despite knowing what it would cost me, I tapped into my most powerful—and most frustratingly tempting—power and used the benevolence of synchromysticism to shift his luck.
Just a little, knowing the slightest change in the moment made the biggest difference down the road. Watched as the path before him collapsed into that same flickering possibility as the others, heard the sigh of choice, and exhaled with a whisper of my own.
Instead of dumpster diving behind the restaurant, his path took him to a different place now, a café a block over, a simple decision, the smallest of choices. That owner gave him a sandwich and drink, paused for a kind word which timed his interaction with the person who almost hit his cart instead handing him a ten-dollar bill. And while he still fell into sleep with a bottle in his hand, it was to happy memories and peace.
I’d take it.
And the punishment to follow.
Time started again. Unk blinked at me, his aura now warm and a little pink at the top, the heavy gray softened. He’d never know what I’d done, and I was okay with that.
“Thank you, Miss Monday,” he said.
I smiled as he shuffled off, sighing to myself before standing, sketch in hand.
Time to share what I’d learned with the detectives before something terrible happened.

***

Chapter Two

I made it two steps before I tripped over my shoelace and almost faceplanted into the side of a desk. My sketchbook wasn’t so lucky, flying forward and skidding to a stop at the feet of the startled detective who looked up as I caught my balance and shrugged with a weak smile at my clumsiness.
Not my fault, but whatever.
I hurried forward, not seeing the passing officer who, naturally, ran right into me, the fresh cup of coffee he held spilling over the two of us in a shocking hit of heat. We quickly batted at each other with offered napkins from laughing police personnel, my penchant for being a klutz well documented in the department.
I hoped Unk Jay-Jay appreciated his good luck. Because I was in for a very uncomfortable twenty-four hours at his expense. Not that I regretted the choice, not in the least. If the price I paid to ensure the dear old fellow had a chance at some hope was making an idiot of myself, well. I’d pay it and that was that.
The last ten feet I had to cross felt like a minefield, but I made it without further incident, though I was sure the wincing expression on my face was the reason they grinned at me.
Detective Anna Morales handed me my sketchbook, the image I’d drawn already removed for her file. The gorgeous Latino detective who really could have had a successful career as a model sat on the edge of her partner’s desk, statuesque height, flawless skin and amber eyes making her a standout. And yet, she usually wore her thick, black hair in a tight ponytail or bun in a no-nonsense way that mirrored her choice of jeans and dress jacket with a fitted button up beneath. Detective Morales broadcasted all business, while the softness of her aura made me adore her for the kind heart within.
“Great job, as usual,” Anna said, mild alto cultured and without accent despite the fact I knew she spoke perfect Spanish.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t do more.” I retrieved the book, instantly dropped it. Sighed just a little, bent to retrieve it again.
At the exact moment she did.
Not quite the sound of cartoon coconuts meeting when we bonked heads, but close enough.
Her partner, Detective Nathan Sallow, guffawed. I’d never heard anyone laugh the way he did, always wondered what an actual guffaw sounded like. Sallow had the market on that term cornered.
“Smooth,” he said with a huge grin, leaning back in his creaking office chair, sausage hands folded over the bump of his potbelly, ugly Christmas tree tie so garish it was almost cute loosened at the neck of his unbuttoned collar. Where Morales was a stunning beauty, Sallow had that TVesque slovenly stereotype about him that made me think of old police dramas. “Once more from the top, with feeling this time.”
Morales kicked his chair with the toe of her boot, sour expression at his attempt at comedy turning to another smile for me while I carefully stepped back a half pace to distance myself.
I’d managed to pick up the book, at least, so go me. Tucked it into my satchel without incident, yay to that. Was zipping up my puffy coat over my clothes without catching anything important in the closing metal teeth, so hey, wins all around, when Anna spoke.
“Thanks for your hard work,” Anna said. “Have a great Christmas.”
I perked, remembering what I’d brought, fished in my bag and retrieved the packages my mother prepared. Handed the red one to Anna (without dropping it, Mom’s magic at work) and the green one to Sallow. “Merry Christmas.”
Sallow tore his open instantly, the first chunk of cinnamon chocolate toffee gone before Anna could say thank you. He groaned his pleasure, savoring it a moment while I relaxed despite my lingering bad luck. Mom’s suggestion had been a great one and I was happy she’d tucked the two small boxes into my bag before I’d left the house.
Nice to know she not only approved of my work but liked the normal people I worked with.
I left them then without further mishap, taking my time weaving through the busy space, reaching the foyer of the station in one piece and only slipping once on the steps, toe catching a single tiny patch of ice. Caught myself in time with a mouse squeak and giggle of resignation, only to feel someone’s hands catch me when I slid yet again.
Looked up into those amazing green eyes and felt myself heat up inside my winter coat despite the chill in the air.
“You okay?” Coop released me, looking even bigger in his own puffy uniform jacket, blond hair covered in an adorable dark blue toque with the department logo on the front.
I shrugged, tried to laugh it off while my hormones—traitors all—did a shiver dance. Now that I was outside the spell, back in the real world for solid, awkward and well-worn me smothered the genuine version in a layer of embedded familiarity I wished I could shake. “Wouldn’t be Phoebe Monday if I didn’t make a fool of myself.”
Coop’s quick frown of denial warmed me further, the sweetie. He could have been pushy about his attraction to me, never was. And that aura. If he glowed with more blues and pinks and lovely yellows, he’d be a saint, I was sure of it.
And he liked me.
Poor boy had no idea.
I really needed to get home and hide in my room for the next day and suffer my punishment where no one would see me collapse in a heap of why me.
“It’s pretty cold,” he said then. “Do you need a ride?”
I didn’t, had walked on my own two feet the ten blocks just an hour ago when it hadn’t been this cold and I wasn’t cursed with bad luck. Which would now likely mean a very uncomfortable return trip. That I’d earned, don’t forget.
“I’m happy to give you a drive.” So much hope in those lovely green eyes I didn’t hesitate. Who was I kidding? There were a lot of reasons—like his broad shoulders and handsome face and big hands and how he smelled so good—I made the choice I did.
“Sure,” I said. “Thank you.” Touched his arm on impulse, knew I was smiling like an idiot.
Which was okay. Because so was Coop.

***

Chapter Three

Coop grinned next to me, the warmth of the police cruiser’s interior almost immediate, the squawk of his radio transmitting the occasional call out he ignored—hopefully not to his detriment, though he didn’t once seem like he’d chosen me over his job. By the time we reached the brownstone, I had put from my mind the lingering dread that hung over me when I used synchromysticism and triggered my luck’s turns for the worse.
Nice not to have to say a word the whole five minute drive, to let Coop chatter on, vague flashes of his plans for Christmas with his parents in the suburbs to his favorite team winning the hockey game, mention of how fun the precinct holiday party had been and he missed seeing me there a welcome layer of normal.
Not that Coop cared I was quiet. I think he liked having someone to talk to. His aura always warmed when I just listened, so I was happy to continue, partly because a lot of my life I wasn’t able to divulge anyway. And besides, I loved the sound of his voice.
Liked! Liked the sound of his voice. Ahem.
He parked, engine running, grinning at me. “If I don’t see you, Phoebe, have a great Christmas.”
“Thanks, Coop.” Darn it, why hadn’t I asked for three boxes from Mom? He would have loved her candy. Well, maybe it would be an excuse to see him once my bad luck wore off.
“You guys celebrate, right?” He seemed hesitant then, smile failing a little. Sweet of him to think of such things. Not like I could hide the fact we leaned toward an alternative (to us traditional) belief system. “Sorry, I shouldn’t assume or anything.”
I laughed at that. “As my grandmother says, we’re pagans, dear, not savages. Of course we celebrate Christmas.”
Coop’s chuckle made my heart skip. This was a terrible idea and I really should have just gotten out of the car then and there and asked Mom or Isolde or my sister to whip up some kind of spell to help me dodge the bullet—no pun intended—that was Cooper Hudson. After all, my family wasn’t known for their prolonged relationship status and the men in the lives of the Monday women tended to either tragic ends, devious betrayals or hideous punishments to last a lifetime.
Mind you, I wasn’t a typical Monday, but still. I’d have hated for something to happen to someone as lovely as him.
Instead of the good and kind thing, I stayed put, enjoying him a few moments longer, while he cleared his throat, sudden nerves showing in the sparkling glow of him. A blush crawled through his aura, so apparent my breath caught and I had to smother my a blush myself.
Yes, it was very clear to me he was interested. And yes, it was very clear to me I was conflicted. And yes, not doing something about the situation made me a very bad person. But I’d never had anyone treat me the way Coop did, and he was honestly the nicest guy I’d ever met. So I guess I couldn’t blame myself for wanting just a bit more of him in my life despite knowing that was all I’d have.
Coop inhaled abruptly, green eyes wider than normal. “I was wondering…”
Meep.
“My parents have this Boxing Day party,” he rushed into the rest like he knew what to expect but couldn’t help himself. “I told them about you and they really want to meet you. So, I was wondering if you’d like to come.” I’d never heard anyone swallow before. Even without his aura visible, it was clear he’d put himself out there in a way that meant I could either make his day or break his heart.
Thing was, the guy might have been delicious to look at and could have been an arrogant jerk who treated women like objects. I’d certainly met enough men his age—and younger, and older—with that attitude, who let their genetic lottery win carry them instead of working hard, being respectful, open and caring, trusting their own compassion. Part of me knew I needed to say no, though in truth I was the only one who thought so. My family encouraged me, not the other way around. Still, how could I invite the disaster that was a relationship with a normal person when I was so far from ordinary it hurt sometimes?
I caught myself nodding, smiling despite myself. “Thanks,” I said. “I’d like that.”
I might as well have told him I’d marry him.
“Awesome.” He beamed like a small sun, almost puppy wriggling in his seat. “They’ll be super excited. I told them what an amazing artist you are.”
My turn to squirm. “Thanks for the ride,” I said. “Just message me the address and time.”
He shook his head with the most adorable of nose wrinkles. “I’ll come get you,” he said. “It’s the least I can do.”
This boy. Honestly.
And then he had to go and lean across my lap to the glove compartment of the car and open it, freeing a small box wrapped in beautiful silver foil with a dark blue ribbon and bow hugging the shining paper. When he offered it to me, shy smile already endearing, I took it without thinking, blinking unexpected tears.
“But I didn’t get you anything,” I said.
Coops face turned serious, and with complete authenticity, he said, “But you give me something every time I see you.”
We both laughed at the same moment, in the same breath, our cheeks matching pink while I kicked my twenty-four-year-old self so she’d stop behaving like a teenager and tucked the box between my mittened hands, against my chest. Honestly, you’d think I lived in a tower and never dated or something. He just… gave me that giddy feeling inside that melted me into a puddle.
“Thank you,” I said.
“Merry Christmas, Phoebe,” he said.
With nothing left to say, I climbed out, stumbling, naturally, laughing over it though rather than feeling that resigned acceptance I usually did. Coop waved, beeped the horn as I bypassed the front entry to the brownstone’s family storefront, The Heathenry and the requisite Christmas décor—a little extravagant thanks to the efforts of my mother.
I turned down the side alley to the sound of Coop driving off. 
Maybe I was wrong and the Monday tendency to male inclusion didn’t apply to me. Was there a chance I might find a sort of happily ever after with someone like Coop? A nice thing to ponder, and though I’d pretty much exclusively dated guys from my walk of life, the idea of spending the rest of my days with the handsome officer?
More appealing that maybe it should have been.
I almost missed the figure at the end of the alley who leaned into the brick wall, one knee cocked with the sole of his foot pressed behind him, smoking a cigarette past the hoody over his face. The only reason I noticed? Bad luck almost tumbled me to the ground near the door. The near fall meant I half-turned toward the alley and looked up at the right moment.
Had a flash of a memory, and without any control, was suddenly remembering standing in front of him, Unk beside me, in a darker space than this one, reliving what I’d only just left behind with a whoosh of understanding.
Before I could break free, the mysterious young man caught me staring and, tossing his smoke to the ground, strode off in a sudden and hurried stride, out of sight and my reach before I could inhale and reclaim myself.
I had zero proof it was the same young man. And with my luck, I could easily misread what just happened. Probably had. It was simply the proximity of the memory, the state of my power, the familiar look of his dress that drove me back into the recollection I’d shared.
And yet
I unlocked the side door with my mind whirling, wondering if I should call the detectives. Sighed as I realized I really wanted to call Coop. And made the choice to let it go.
After all, I wasn’t a police officer. What business did I have chasing a possible suspect? None, that’s what. Especially in my condition. I’d only make things worse and maybe damage my relationship with the department. That I couldn’t live with. Time to retreat and endure my personal bad luck spell without hurting anyone else.

***

Chapter Four

The instant I was in the door, a red, furry beast leapt from the bundle of boots and coats tucked into the nook and snatched the small, shining box I still gripped in my free hand.
I didn’t even have time for a squeak and he was gone, poof of a tail flashing as he bounded to the corner and disappeared.
“Jinks!” Like it would do me any good to yell at him. Since when had my house fox ever listened to me? “Get back here with that!” Some days I needed to be reminded why I’d rescued his furry behind when I’d found him abandoned, starving and weak and in need of immediate help. Except as soon as I did remember how I’d come upon the now fit, healthy and utterly playful—and bratty, stubborn and curious—cub, I answered my own question.
Besides, I only had my bad luck to blame. On a good day, I’d have thought to tuck the shiny thing out of sight, knowing Jinks had a fascination with anything sparkly. And anything to do with making me chase him.
If I ever wanted to know what was in the box, I was going to have to recruit help. Which meant telling one or more of the Monday women in my life what happened, where it came from and what I’d agreed to.
Groaned as I realized what I’d agreed to. Was I really going to go to Cooper Hudson’s very normal parent’s house in the suburbs of Crescent, Washington? Stand around and drink eggnog and eat canapés like I was just folks, be my normal freakish, awkward self and ensure they never, ever invited me back again ever?
That might take care of his attraction to me.
Pondering my terrible error in judgment, I kicked off my boots, hung up my coat—it only took three tries, so there was that—and headed down the hallway in my sock feet, following the path my pet had taken on the off chance he’d grown tired of the game and dropped the box. I wasn’t holding my breath, my luck running exactly as expected.
I turned the corner and slipped through the door to the back room of the shop. No sign of Jinks in the storeroom, and neither in the front when I peeked out. Mom had closed early, the front door shuttered, no one behind the counter. While normal people only saw the herbalist and spiritualist dispensary we cultivated for their benefit, my grandmother, Isolde (don’t you dare call me Granny), and Mom had made The Heathenry the one stop for all things spell craft on the entire West coast.
I retreated, no Jinks to be found, and was almost to the main hall that led to the house when I stumbled over the trim at the threshold and flew headlong toward the far wall. I know I would have struck it if there hadn’t been a tall, black-cloaked personage in the way to stop my forward momentum, though I wasn’t sure the stately druid liked being my savior.
On the other hand, Silas Gael’s soft smile and gentle hands that caught me and held me upright showed nothing of irritation. He’d been around since I could remember, was familiar with my particular idiosyncrasies and had, in fact, attempted to help in the past. I guess I was more judgmental of my failings than anyone else. Go figure that one out and let me know where it gets you.
“Dear Phoebe,” Silas said, black eyes sparkling, deeply lined face smiling, tall, lean body looming. Like whatever made him had stretched him out just a bit too thin, though his expression was kindly enough, and he always did his best to make me feel comfortable.
“Sorry, Silas,” I said, righting myself. He let me go after a slightly uncomfortable hand-holding moment, bowing from his great height with one of those long-fingered hands pressed to his chest. He’d pushed back his cowl, short, iron gray hair thick and shining in the light in the hall, bushy eyebrows wiggling like active caterpillars over his deep-set black eyes.
“You’ve been practicing your power,” he said, approval in his deep voice, nodding ponderously though I didn’t respond past a little wince of guilt.
“My bad,” I said.
“To the contrary, dear Phoebe,” Silas objected with one slender and overly long index finger raised, the silver ring there flashing with a ruby so dark it was almost black. “One must use the abilities they possess in order to master the consequences as well as the benefits.”
“Have you seen Jinks?” Yes, I changed the subject, but I really didn’t feel like a deep and heartfelt discussion about my power right now. I wanted to catch the little thief who took my present and find out what was in that box.
“I have not,” the old druid said. “I do, however, have something for you.” His other hand dipped beneath his cloak and emerged with a small, round runestone, one side etched with a crescent moon, the other, when he flipped it over in his palm, marked with something I didn’t recognize. The flat, black stone looked hand carved and polished. “If you would indulge an old spell caster, my dear, perhaps this might be of some assistance in the more personally troubling aspects of your delightful ability?”
I took the stone, felt a tingle in my palm on contact and then nothing. The roof didn’t fall in and a hole didn’t open in the floor and the world continued spinning, so there was that.
“Thank you,” I said, tucking it into my front pocket, pretty sure it wouldn’t help, just like every other attempt he’d made to assist, but unwilling to hurt his feelings.
Again with the bow, the faint scent of earth and pine and old forests rising from the folds of his leather and velvet cloak. “A pleasure, as always.” One of those eyebrows lifted. “You will keep me apprised?”
I nodded instantly. “Are you here to see Isolde?”
“I have had a word with your mother,” he said, “about tonight’s Yule celebration.” Oh no. I groaned faintly, had forgotten all about the party. Instantly rejected the idea of attending even as Silas tilted his head as he spoke again. “I will, of course, see you there?”
I wasn’t going to lie to his face, instead changed the subject again. “I should go find Jinks,” I said. “He stole something and if I let him get away with it—”
“Of course,” Silas waved me off. “Best of luck to you my dear. And do tell me how things work out.”
Rather than answer, knowing it was a bit rude, I spun and hurried off, heading down the long hall separating the main house from the shop, taking the last door and entering the kitchen with some trepidation.
I had to tell Mom I wasn’t going to Yule.
Not going to end well.
Big breath drawn against the inevitable disappointment she’d use against me, I pushed through the door to the sound of my mother singing.

***

Chapter Five

And stopped, exhaled, inhaled all the amazing, divine, deliriously decadent smells that surrounded me while my happy mother stood in the middle of the kitchen and sang her power into the food she created.
I stood for a long moment, grinning and hugging myself, enjoying the view. Mom was beautiful, had always been beautiful, with her full, black curls, her deep blue eyes, flawless skin and sultry voice. Time and two babies had filled out her hips and chest giving her the most voluptuous silhouette, all witch under her midnight blue velvet skirt and flowing white blouse, those curls caught back from her damp face with a bright blue band, cheeks glowing, her entire being glowing, while pots and jars and decanters and spices bobbed around her in a dance of ingredients that responded to the compelling music of her voice.
Three pans filled with some kind of batter were already prepped for the oven, it looked like, four trays of candies set aside on the butcher block, tins piled up on the side board out of the way, ready for tonight. Mom might have been a fantastic cook, but her baking? Utterly legendary.
I hadn’t meant to interfere, I swear it. I had no intention of getting in her way. I’d spent hours as a little girl, even as a teenager, and occasionally now as an adult, sitting on a stool in this very kitchen, ultra modern white and stainless steel since the massive renovation Mom delighted in, watching her work. Joining in on her song from time to time, usually with her encouragement, though I never could quite match her and my creations were only okay, not the addictive and mouth-wateringly satisfying treats she came up with.
And never, ever did I do so when on a streak of bad luck. I knew better. And yet, this moment, walking into the unexpected, after memory had played a big part of my day already, I found myself sinking into the past’s arms as easily as I could have hers, and without thinking about it, I opened my mouth and sang.
I will not describe the chaos I created, because I am too ashamed of the disaster that erupted from my clumsy interference. Know only that, less than a minute later, I sat on the floor of the hall outside the kitchen door, panting and sweating, Mom collapsing next to me, smoke billowing out from under the threshold, the sound of pots and pans thudding against the portal making the house shake while something truly unhappy roared its lack of enthusiasm at being summoned in the middle of Mom’s souffle.
Tears threatened, my throat tight, regret and guilt overwhelming me. I could barely look at her, mumbled an apology while shaking, not from fear, but utter disillusionment. Why had I not just done as I’d said and gone to my room?
Mom, for her part, blew the stray curl that escaped her headband out of her astonished and gleaming eyes and laughed, hugging me in her warm embrace, strong and soft and smelling of all things yummy while rocking me a little, seeming unconcerned by the raging demon demanding in a booming voice something I couldn’t understand because it wasn’t English. She paused a moment, flickered her fingers with a faint frown and a whispered, “Oh, hush,” and the voice reduced in volume and pitch until it was just an uninspiring series of demands in a mouse’s hilarious squeak. “There,” she said, beaming at me. “Oh, sweet girl, you used your power today!” She hugged me again, rocking me a little. “I’m so proud of you for helping people even though you know what it will cost you.” Morgade Monday might have been an all-powerful and formidable witch to the rest of our world, the Mother to my sister’s Maiden and my grandmother’s Crone, but she would always just be my mom to me.
“I’m so sorry,” I said, choking on the familiar apology.
“Hush, my dearest darling,” Mom said, stroking my short, dark hair with one hand, cheek resting on the top of my head, singing softly under her breath while her power sifted over me, gentle and kind, and my need to cry faded even if my guilt did not.
To be honest, there were times when Mom treating me like I was still ten made me wonder if it was time to move out. This wasn’t one. I could have sat there in her arms and let her comfort me for a lot longer than I did. Except, of course, I wasn’t a little girl, I was a woman and she had work to do.
Work I’d more than interrupted.
I pulled away, kissed her cheek. “I’d offer to help,” I said.
Mom laughed, falling back into the wall, looking almost drunk with the power she’d been using, flush with all that energy. “It’s nothing I can’t handle,” she said, taking my hand, stroking the back with her other fingertips. “Besides, that was fun.”
Of course she’d think so. “Have you seen Jinks?” Yes, I was still thinking about the box.
A quick frown that didn’t touch her smile and an inquisitive eye arch and I had to confess what happened. The only way she could really help was if I gave her all the information. Holding back on a detail—like who the box was from—would interfere with the magic. Which made keeping secrets from my family? Pretty much impossible.
“What a sweet boy,” Mom said, a bit too suggestively which had me blushing and pulling my hand away while she laughed deep and sultry. She did sit up, though, and focused, staring into space while she summoned that singular power of hers, the source of the abiding dominion of the Monday women.
Some called it being psychic, normals who could, if clumsily and never for long, tap into the source of all. To us, it was wonderworking, clear visions of the past, present and future unwinding out before the three women I adored so much. My version might have offered possibilities but theirs saw truths. The fact I could tap into all three with my talent—bits and pieces of the Monday inherited power showing up in my visions of the past as memory, my influence over the present in the luck I could bestow and the unfolding of the future through the pathways of possibility I could see—always excited my mother, though I could never find a reason for it, nor a real purpose. Sure, I might be able to help others in small nudges, but when I had to weigh it against the price? Sometimes didn’t seem worth it. And certainly nothing compared to the awesomeness the three women in my life had control over. After all, when Mom saw the present—her particular ability while she was the Mother—there was no vacillating on what could be. Just the world as it was.
Mom finally returned to me, the minor magic tied to the massiveness of the Mother lingering in her, shaking her head with a tiny sigh more accepting than judging. “I’m sorry, sweet girl,” she said. “Perhaps it’s the lingering effects of your casting, but I can’t find the item you seek. And you do know Jinks has his own odd ways about him.” All animals did, though Jinks seemed even less susceptible to magical control than typical creatures. Contrary brat. She patted my hand and I stood, knowing the moment was over, helping her to her feet where she brushed at the mess of her skirt before snapping her fingers with a, “Get thee gone, stain,” and was suddenly clean again.
I hugged her, kissed her cheek. Hesitated then chose to stay quiet. I’d tell her about Yule later. I’d already done enough, right?
Mom let me go, reaching for the doorknob. I turned, the room blocked by the open door, to see her, determined and commanding, gesture into the kitchen with one hand. “Down, foul batter!” With that, she stormed the castle, the door slamming behind her.
I left her to her battle, knowing she’d come out triumphant, keeping my head down and my hands to myself as I hurried to the entry again and up the stairs to the main house, winding one story further to the sleeping level, my bedroom door calling me to come and be safe behind it’s shielding presence.
I almost made it. Was this close. Only to be tackled from behind as I opened the way to my room, thrown headlong forward in an aggressive attack I should have seen coming.

***

Chapter Six

I had enough momentum I made it to the bed, falling onto it with the full weight of my assailant on my back. Her giggling kind of ruined the moment, truth be told, and though I was the younger, Selene rarely showed it. Twenty-six or not, she had the heart of a teenager and while on a good day I would be ready for whatever she had to dish out in her devilish and prankster heart, today was not that day.
No complaining on my part, either. I really needed my sister right now. When she finally rolled off me and tucked her hand under her cheek, laying next to me and smiling that gorgeous smile of hers, I impulsively hugged her before letting her go again, the tears Mom successfully drove away surfacing one more time.
“Tell me,” Selene whispered, brilliant blue eyes huge, thick, blonde hair pooling around her in a cascade of spun gold, porcelain cheeks pink with excitement, “about your day.”
I did. I told her everything, from my visit in the morning to the studio where I kept most of my artwork these days, hanging out with my best friend, Pickle, how he’d been experimenting with a new shade of green for his hair to match the Christmas onesie he now favored over everything else in life, my journey to the police station and the encounter with Unk Jay-Jay. I tried skimming over Coop, but Selene knew my ways and poked me when I mentioned him in passing, all fake casual.
“Spill,” she said. “Everything about the pretty boy.”
She was such a girl. Which made me giggle and gush over how handsome he was and the way he smelled and oh my mother moon how his rear end couldn’t possibly look that good in his uniform pants and be real. Selene’s wicked grin came as my reward while she wriggled on the bed and urged me on. She really was the worst influence. Not that I was complaining or anything.
I received the requisite oohs and ahhs from my description of the sketch experience, the memory Unk shared with me, the drawing’s unsatisfying completion. She lingered over my drive home with Coop, however, and when I told her about his response to my not getting him a present?
Well. I might as well have sent her to the moon for real.
Selene squealed and rolled over onto her back, hands clasped over her heart, turning her head to look at me with that ridiculous longing look of hers that would have every male in the room—if there were any—begging her to let them do something for her just to see her smile. “How romantic,” she said. “He’s so good for you.” Again with the wickedness. “Why haven’t you kissed him yet.”
I snorted and smacked her hip while she laughed at me.
“Stop that,” I said. “You know why.” Sighed despite myself, though I never meant to. “We just don’t do that sort of thing.”
“We don’t.” Selene nodded, serious suddenly, a rarity for my sister. “Me, Mom, Isolde. But you can, sugarplum. I’m sure of it.”
I exhaled a little, hating to ask. “You’ve seen it?” The future was, after all, her wonderwork.
Selene winked but didn’t answer. She never did. Instead, looked me up and down with curiosity and eagerness. “So, where is it?”
I groaned when I realized what she was looking for and finished my story with such hangdog determination—just to make her laugh—she was gasping and grinning and giggling all over again.
When I finished with the mess I made in the kitchen, Selene hooted. “You summoned a demon in Mom’s souffle?” She smacked the quilt with both open palms, kicking her feet while I covered my mouth with both hands to keep from snorting again. Something about my eternally sunny sister always made me feel like a kid, too, but less in the way Mom’s attention did. That I fought a bit, protested internally. Selene’s silliness? Freed me to just have fun for a bit.
She finally sobered, rolling over again, meeting my eyes with her shining ones, button nose wrinkling. “I love you, BeeBee,” she whispered.
Now I was going to cry. Not that she didn’t tell me all the time how much she loved me, because she did. I guess I was just on the verge and tears seemed logical. So I let them fall but smiled anyway.
“Love you too, Selene.”
She reached over, took my hand. “Let’s see if we can find the box.” Looked away, stared at the ceiling with her stunning face in repose. While I fought off a moment of weakness that surprised me but probably shouldn’t have. Not like I hadn’t had these feelings before. Because naturally there were times I compared myself—short, slim, dark hair, gray eyes, rather unremarkable despite being pretty enough—to my tall, slender, graceful and utterly glorious sister. She would have hated knowing it, protested instantly I was the most beautiful woman in the whole world and the best sissy and don’t be a ridiculous ninny, BeeBee. That was part of the problem. Selene was the Maiden, at least for now, the perfect woman who not only held her own perfection in utter authenticity but radiated it and passed it on to every woman in her sphere.
Hard not to want to be her sometimes. Especially when I was the extra child in the family, the singular female offspring beside me almost two years old when my very surprised mother conceived me. Unheard of in our lineage, a second daughter. And though they never, ever made me feel like I was unwanted, unloved, it remained that I was outside who they were—Crone, Mother, Maiden, wonderworkers of the Moon—and always would.
Selene sighed, released the power, turned to me again. Took note, I think, of how my mood had shifted, but didn’t make a big deal of it. Instead, she blinked slowly, as though still in the Maiden, before speaking. “You will find the gift,” she said, voice a little echoey and modulated, the voice of her power, “but only at the chosen time.” She shook her head, shrugged. “Whatever that means.”
I had to laugh at her casual discarding of the massive power she wielded. “Thanks.”
Now it was her turn for her own excitement as she sprang from the bed, twirling so her full, cream skirt belled around her, tiny pink twinset hugging her slim curves, those glossy golden waves of hers reminding me of a fairy-tale princess, always. She didn’t need a tiara to look the part. “You have to help me pick,” she gushed. “I have it down to three dresses, but I can’t decide.” Selene eye rolled at herself, cocking one hip, hand on it, waggling her index finger at me. “No judging your poor, elderly sister. I know I’m being a girl. I’m allowed.”
Right. Yule. “I’m happy to help,” I said, sitting up crossed legged on my bed while she squealed and ran from the room, appearing a moment later with an armload of what looked like way more than three dresses.
The next hour was a parade of one after another of truly lovely outfits she donned behind my changing screen, while I ix-nayed or approved of her choices. Mostly it was random because she looked fantastic in everything, though it seemed I read her body language right because she finally had it down to two—the third from her original trio long gone—the fitted blue dress with the slit up the side at war with the pale cream wrap of the softest angora, trimmed in pearls.
“You know you’re going to pick the fluff,” I said.
Selene winked, stroking the soft fur-like fabric. “Fine,” she said. “If you say so.” Collapsed next to me one more time. “Now, what are you wearing?”
Ah, yes. The talk. “I’m not going tonight,” I said as softly and yet clearly and with sincere determination as I could manage.
She didn’t waver in her stare, still smiling. “So, maybe the new red dress?” Selene stood, went to my closet, opened it, starting pulling out things I didn’t even know were in there. Caught the deception.
“Looks like I’ve been the target of the shopping fairy,” I said, impossible to keep the sarcasm from my voice.
“This one is divine,” Selene said, throwing a little black dress at me. I batted it out of my way and scowled at her while she shook out a long-sleeved navy jumpsuit. “What was I thinking?” She tossed it into the closet and retrieved a slinky red number. Which I instantly nixed.
“Selene.” She ignored me. “Selene.” More ignoring, more digging, more perusing. “I’m not going.”
When she turned back to me, her smile was gone, shoulders a little slumped. Anyone else? I would have accused them of manipulation. My sister, on the other hand, just didn’t have it in her. She fought her disappointment like she did everything else. With her whole person. “I heard you,” she said.
“My luck is off,” I said, having worked out the excuse I needed before talking to Mom and now trying it out on my sister. “You know I’m not the best flyer under normal circumstances.” That was an understatement. I’d been known to crash, fall, take others with me in horrific broom collisions. The only solution we’d come up with was to realize any flying I would do could only happen on the creations of others, since every besom I made turned into a deathtrap. Trouble was? “You know your old broom hates me.” Hated. Me. With a passion. Obeyed, but to the letter. So if I wasn’t super, uber specific? I could—and often did—end up in extremely compromising positions.
Try negotiating with a witch’s besom and get back to me. I’ll wait.
“And now,” I went on, going for hang dog and succeeding at last, “with my bad luck added on? I won’t survive the flight.”
Selene perked. “You could ride with me.” Problem solved in her world.
“I’d hate to see you crash because of me,” I said. Really meant it.
My sister looked like she had further arguments and suggestions, but didn’t get to deliver them. A floating ball of light passed through my door and came to hover over the end of my bed, bursting like a bubble full of smoke, releasing the words trapped inside.
“Phoebe,” my grandmother’s spell said in her voice. “Come.”
Which meant the silliness with my sister was now over.
Selene kissed me as I rose to follow the summons, hugged me. “You’re coming,” she whispered, pinched my cheek.
Hard not to sigh as I left, heading for the stairs and the top floor, and the old woman who waited.
I paused at the bottom of the steps when my phone buzzed in my pocket, checked the message from Detective Morales.
Three more homeless attacks, she sent. Sketches tomorrow?
I returned an affirmative response, tucking my phone away again, frowning into the quiet of the dark stairwell as I remembered the young man at the end of the alley. Not that I worried about our house or my family. The wards alone around this place would keep any normal out. And the formidable trio I lived with would leave any intruder a smear on the ground before thinking twice. But the fact someone was targeting the homeless? That made me angry. No one had the right to harm the helpless.
My power might not be the awesome magic my family could summon, but sharing what I had was, as I was taught, the least I could do.
Still thinking about my unusual and yet satisfying job with the police, I headed up the polished wooden stairs to the top floor where my grandmother waited for me.

***

Chapter Seven

The wide, black door at the top was closed, as usual, the entire fourth floor Isolde Monday’s sole domain. I knocked politely, ignoring the rather rude brass depiction of the male form’s more private parts offered up as a knocker. It used to make me giggle as a girl and still managed to make me smile even now, especially when the power she’d infused into the small figure with his oversized nether regions wriggled his hips suggestively when I failed to utilize the obvious, opting for my own knuckles, thanks.
He gave up with a head toss as the door opened of its own accord, the dim entry on the other side making me blink to adjust my vision.
Which, naturally, meant the moment I stepped across the threshold, the toe of my sneaker caught the edge of the thick carpeting and sent me to my hands and knees. At least the heavy pile saved me from permanent damage, but I hit hard enough the heels of both palms ached and I managed somehow to tear a hole in the knee of my jeans.
Well, such rips were trendy, weren’t they? Made me wonder, as I shook off the little adrenaline hit that came from the fall, if Unk Jay-Jay was having a good day. I certainly hoped it was worth it.
Eyes now accustomed to the low light, every window shrouded in blackout curtains and only the dim bulbs in the elaborate light fixtures hanging low throughout the open space offering the faintly purple-tinted illumination my grandmother preferred. I slipped out of my sneakers and left them at the door, sock feet sinking into the lush carpeting, walking past the sitting area with its antique velvet upholstered furniture in the deepest plum, not bothering to check the library where shelves climbed to the ceiling, the heavy wooden ladder on its metal wheels an old plaything from my childhood. How many times had I ridden that ladder back and forth across the wall, fetching books at Isolde’s teasingly stern command when she could easily have magicked them to her?
I loved this part of the house, but didn’t get to visit nearly often enough. Far from a recluse, my grandmother simply preferred her own company—and that of our family, these days. At least, if she was to be believed.
Not surprisingly, I found her at last in the large front space she used for her boudoir, lounging on a daybed, draped in her favorite black silk and fur trimmed gown, silver hair piled on her head in casual elegance, jewelry flashing on every finger as she sampled delicacies from a black box sitting next to her. The memory of jumping on her gigantic bed, the heavy black drapes pulled back, silk-covered pillows flying everywhere, made me smile as I approached, pausing at the edge of her favorite domain.
The small hamster cage, gilded in silver and leaf filigree, rattled where it perched on a stand next to her. “Phoebe!” My grandfather jumped up and down, squeaking my name, the homunculus Isolde had made of the man who fathered my mother rattling the cage in his excitement. “Hello, Phoebe!”
“Hi, Humphrey.” There had been a time I’d been fascinated by the tiny, now elderly, gentleman in the cage, his three-piece suit and spectacles and perfectly shaped beard maintained through my grandmother’s magic. As I grew older, his circumstance made me sad. Now? He was simply a part of our family in the only way my grandmother would allow. Not to mention the fact I’d discovered he’d tried to kill her and my mother and betray us all. Perhaps the punishment didn’t fit the crime, a lifetime spent in a cage, though how was it any different than a normal prison?
My grandmother didn’t look up as I waited for her to notice me, regal face elaborately made up, eyes perfectly lined and smoked out, lips her favorite shade of oxblood. When she turned the page on the book she held with a languid gesture, I cleared my throat to catch her attention.
I’d played this game with her since I could remember, and fought a grin when she looked up as though surprised to find me standing there.
“Ah,” she said, waving me toward her. “Phoebe. Come here, child.” I joined her on the daybed, sinking down beside her, placing the box of chocolates in my lap and sampling one. She watched me with her vivid blue eyes hooded, before taking one of her own. “Why are you bothering me again?”
“You wanted to see me,” I said around a mouthful of Mom’s best dark chocolate, batting my eyelashes at her.
She swatted me before tilting her chin upward and resuming her down-the-nose stare at the book in her other hand. “I can’t imagine,” she said. “I’m far too busy for the likes of you.”
I leaned in, scanning the first line of the page she was on and giggled. “Reading erotica again?”
Her head snapped around, lips twitching. “It’s educational.” She tossed the book at me then, smile widening. “I think you need it more than I do if you’re going to continue to moon over that young police officer you can’t seem to get enough of.”
Today was a day for pink cheeks and splutters. “He’s just a friend,” I said.
She stared at me a long, silent moment. Then winked.
I leaned in, kissed her cheek. “Love you, Isolde,” I said.
She snuggled me closer, warm lips on my temple. “You’re having a bad day, darling.”
“That’s the price,” I said into her furry collar. “We all pay it, one way or another.”
Isolde sighed deeply, nodding. “And some of us more than others.” Was she talking about herself? Or me? “Ruining your mother’s baking won’t save you from coming to the Yule celebration, you brat.”
I sat up, about to protest, but my grandmother just laughed, a low and lovely sound. Sniffed at me a moment, nose twitching, expression flat.
“Silas,” she said. “What did he give you?” Not a question, but a command.
I instantly pulled out the rune stone and handed it to her. My grandmother examined it a moment then huffed, returning it to me with a tsk of disapproval, bangles layered on her wrist tinkling together.
“Druids need to mind their own business,” she said, “when it comes to matters of witches.” Never mind they’d been friends since childhood and she often conferred with him. “Clearly it’s helping.” She let one finger glide over the knee of my jeans, knitting the fibers back together as though they had never torn. “Men.” She dismissed him with that single word. Then pointed at the large dressing room doors just past her feet. “Go and be useful,” she said. “Fetch that which I’ve made you, oh most unruly of children.” Her eyes sparkled when I stood, curious, and did as she asked. Opened the heavy door by the elaborate silver handle and peeked inside.
Selene came by her clothing fetish honestly. The inside of my grandmother’s closet was magical, and not just because of the contents. The wonders she’d accumulated over the years all resided within the bigger on the inside warehouse-like space she required to maintain her collection of dresses, shoes, brooms, hats, and who knew what—I’d found a coat of armor once as a child, along with a carriage and three statues of some guy I’d never seen before and later figured were probably not statues—Isolde Monday treasured.
Fortunately, I didn’t have far to look for the item in question because a full search would have taken a Sherpa guide, provisions for a week and a compass. Instead, I found myself gasping in surprise at the purple bow-wrapped box that stood at the entry with my name sparkling in lights across the front.
“Bring it here,” she said.
I carried the long, slim present, taller than me, though practically weightless, out of the closet and to my grandmother. She swung her legs to the floor, patting the daybed’s velvet upholstery for me to sit next to her and guided the box across both our laps.
“I was going to save this for your Christmas present,” she said, “but when I felt how your day turned out, it made sense to give it to you a bit early.”
The wonderwork of the Crone, seeing the past, had either given her the heads up, or my disaster with Mom downstairs did the trick. I squeezed her hand with a murmured thank you.
“My very dear,” she said, voice a little thick, all of the love I knew she had for me showing in her still stunning face, radiating out from her to embrace me though she barely touched me physically, “please know how special you are to us, no matter what others believe of our lineage.” Was she reading my mind? She promised she’d stop that. I didn’t protest, though, as she went on. “Our hearth wouldn’t be the same without you and I have no doubt whatever fate the Great Mother has in store for you and the power you wield, you will do so with grace and in the best interest of your family and those you seek to help.”
I was crying again. No complaints.
“I love you, Isolde,” I said.
“Yes, sweet brattiness,” she said. “Now open your present, there’s a good monster.”
I laughed, knew I would miss our game when it was through, refused to think that way right now, and pulled free the shining bow, tipping up the lid and peeking inside.
My grandmother was known for many things, including her no-cares-to-give attitude, her incredible power, her commanding presence. And, in high demand that she rarely and selectively agreed to, as the finest broom maker in existence.
She’d tried to teach me and I’d failed. Knew she was disappointed I wouldn’t follow her footsteps, and that Selene’s lack of interest meant neither of her granddaughters would take over when she was gone. I’d never, ever, dreamed of asking her to make me a broom when she’d attempted to impart her wisdom, her ability, on me. Had lived with the horrible creations I’d made over the years, finally settling on using the one Selene made as a teenager.
Knowing I’d never be a good flyer, and really only needed it four times a year anyway.
What lay within the box? Took my breath away. Most witch besoms were practical things, ash or oak and twine or willow and the occasional embellishment with etchings or feathers in the birch bristles. It was the power inside that held the key, the connection between vehicle and witch that mattered. My grandmother, however, refused convention, in case you missed it. Her brooms were works of supernatural art.
She’d magicked it black, shining and polished from the wood of an oak tree, the humming feeling of age from the kind old soul that supplied the beautiful base still linked to its parent growing happy and healthy who knew where. Her power shaped the saddle into a flatter, dipped surface, conformed to the human body, and had a smoothed, saddle-like edge that encouraged side riding if I so chose. Lines of sparkling metal chased in protective patterns and spell work from the silver-capped tip to the thick wire binding the birch bundle to the base. Sapphires winked in curving spirals, as though the tree itself had grown them, the seamless melding of metal, gem and oak drawing the eye to the impressively fanned tail of bristles. Each spun in a curved curl as though twisted individually and melded, in turn, with strings of silver, creating a playfully wistful accent to the far end of the besom.
The best part? The happy and ancient song of its power that called out to me while I sat there and stared at the stunning thing she’d created for me.
“Go ahead,” she said. “It’s made for you and only you. The only broom you’ll ever need.”
I turned and hugged her, tears unleashed, heart about to burst. “Thank you,” I choked. “Isolde, thank you so much.”
She hugged me back, hard enough I had trouble breathing but I didn’t care. When she released me, Isolde wiped at the wetness on her own cheeks before slapping my leg.
“Now I have to redo my face before we go,” she growled. “And here I did something nice for you.”
I scrubbed at my own tears with the sleeve of my sweater, unable to stop smiling. Finally turned back to the besom that sat there, waiting for me to claim it. Hesitated at the last second, my fingers hovering over it. Glanced at my grandmother with a bubble of anxiety smothering my joy.
“What if I ruin it?” More tears, though these had nothing to do with happiness or gratitude. Just that deeply embedded worry there was something wrong with me because I wasn’t supposed to be, was I?
My grandmother stared back at me, all masks gone, without guile or humor. “You couldn’t possibly,” she said. “For you are perfect just as you are, Phoebe, daughter of the Moon. Take your gift, child.”
I did, then, fingers stroking the polished wood, feeling the song of the oak turn to a momentary crescendo of joy as it linked into me then settled, burbling a bit its happiness we were finally together.
“I’ve embedded you in its heart,” Isolde said, one long, black-painted nail pointing to a swirl of what had to be a lock of my hair, now wound into and made part of the hand holds at the thinner end. “Double protection spells for the worst of your days when you are forced to endure the opposite of what you gift. Sure flight, level and true. Guidance unerring to every destination. Safe landings in weather and darkness.” She showed me each of the runes as she spoke, pointing them out so they glowed at the attention. “In silver, your element, to ensure your binding. Sapphire, your stone, to seal its soul to your bidding.” Paused at the final rune near the top of the seat. “And ever home, so you will always find your way back to us.” That rune glistened a moment as her power touched it.
“This is amazing,” I said. “I don’t know how to thank you.”
“Come to Yule,” my grandmother said, sealing my fate. Her plan in the beginning, more than likely, though I knew it wasn’t just convention or personal preference that had her asking. We were a hearth, stronger together despite what I might sometimes think. “Be with your family and celebrate the chance at new beginnings.”
I hugged her again, then stood, broom in hand, the box disappearing when she whispered to it.
“Now, off with you, pesky bit of a thing,” she said, the game resumed, her attitude returning as she reclined once again with her book and chocolates. “I’m tired of your chatter. Begone.”
I left her as she fed my grandfather a sweet, my new besom murmuring happily in my hands, while Isolde chided Humphrey for being such a bad boy.

***

Chapter Eight

I huddled inside my black cloak against the chill of the night air, the fur cowl tucked over the updo Selene insisted on creating for me out of a mix of magic and hair pieces she dug out of her collection of costumes and accessories. I missed my cropped bob swinging around my cheeks, the tension and poking of the bobby pins she’d affixed her creation with jabbing me and creating a dull aching where they pulled just a bit too hard.
Not that I’d ever complain, the final result quite lovely and a sweet gesture on my sister’s part. Considering the fact I was kind of all thumbs and bumbling—especially now—when it came to anything to do with makeup, hair or fashion meant she got to engage in her game with me—dress up doll time.
Which meant I did end up wearing the silver sheath with the chain halter hooked around my neck to hold up the scooped front while my poor feet suffered inside the strappy chrome sandals she’d squealed over.
Eyeshadow, eye liner, mascara, foundation, powder, bronzer, highlighter, blush, lipstick… by the time she was done with me I hardly recognized myself, more porcelain doll than person.
And then we were bundling into our heavy fur cloaks, my new broom vibrating eagerly in my hand, Mom and Selene taking ample time on the roof of our brownstone to wax poetic over the beauty of its creation—while my grandmother beamed and grumbled to the contrary they were wasting time—before we mounted and rose, the selection of my mother’s cooking lashed to a pair of small besoms she’d created for that purpose tethered to her with magic.
I’d never enjoyed flying, not from the moment I’d first sat on a broom. Neither in the company of another or on my own, always afraid of the ultimate splat that awaited at the bottom of the ride. Wherever my fear of heights had come from, no magic my mother mustered or encouragement my grandmother offered, no support and tireless training my sister supplied could free me from my rather unorthodox dislike of anything to do with soaring through the air on the back of a spindly piece of oak that was really, if you thought about it, meant to stay on the ground where it belonged.
After all, if the Great Mother wanted me to fly, she’d have given me wings, as the saying goes.
Tonight? Felt different. I still inhaled and had trouble releasing the breath as the broom responded to my whispered command to rise, the sparkling runes ticking on in little flashes of glittering light while the spells embedded in the shaft came to life. But instead of abject terror and second guessing, I experienced only breathless anxiety when the steadfast and humming besom surrounded me in its rumbling protection and took off like a shot in the midst of my hearth’s flight.
So, this was what flying was supposed to feel like.
The novelty kind of wore off about five minutes in, our long trip ahead—though the standing stones site in southern California would have taken far longer without magic—really only an hour but quickly turning into that kind of humdrum hang on and let the broom do its work that left me to think all over again about the splat I’d make.
Except, for the first time, my fear abated and faded and finally left me and I was able to look around, appreciate the night sky, the smile on Selene’s face when she skidded through the air next to me, the sound of my mother singing our way to the Yule celebration as warming as the spell embedded in my cloak.
I’d never felt like a true part of our hearth like this before and wondered if maybe, despite my power, my luck actually might have been turning after all.
Hard not to think about Jinks, the missing box, my decision to trust Selene out of my hands at the moment. He’d vanished without a trace and I knew from experience I wouldn’t find him again until he was ready.
Still, I really wanted to know what was in the box.
Flying typically felt like forever. This time, the hour quite literally flew by and, before I knew it—and with a faint hint of regret, imagine that—I felt us descend, the shining lights of the Yule fires reaching up toward us, welcoming us to the vast estate on the shores of the Pacific.
We weren’t the first to arrive, nor the last, the front drive of Richmond House filled with arriving witches on their own brooms, with servants fetching offerings brought by the party goers, druids and wizards and sorcerers arriving in puffs of air, flashes of light, spots of shadow, everyone chattering amongst themselves while moving at a steady pace toward the massive front steps of the towering stone mansion and the wide-open doors leading into the brightly lit interior.
I held back a bit, staying on Selene’s heels as a servant hurried forward in a tux and white gloves, smiling and nodding so his slicked, black hair caught the light from the house, the slits of his eyes narrowing to thin lines in the burning brightness of the Yule fires that roared in giant concrete pots around the perimeter of the driveway.
Hard to hand over my new broom, its matching murmur of regret and promise of another flight actually making me grin. The servant helped me with my cloak and then spun, flashing out with my possessions in hand, leaving me exposed in that silly dress and shoes with my hair making my scalp itch and wondering yet again why I came.
Except, of course, Selene was there, her arm through mine, Mom in her sparkling red velvet gown giving serious and strict instructions to the pair of servants who nodded to her over the still floating besoms supporting her creations, while my grandmother stared at the house like it offended her, tall, slender body still shapely despite her age, sheathed in a floor-length slip of jet silk with the biggest, fullest feather I’d ever seen standing up from her pile of silver curls.
Selene was, of course, stunning in cream and pearls as I knew she’d be, tugging me along toward the house, following Mom and Isolde inside, pulling me to a stop with a small giggle when the official at the door drew a breath through his jutting tusked underbite, squiggle tail wriggling outside his black dress pants, hooved feet gleaming.
“Your attention!” His voice echoed, augmented with magic, bright, black eyes settling on me a moment. “Make welcome their most honorable and exalted, the Triunity of the Great Moon, bearers of the wonderworks, the magnificent witches Monday!”
I’d never get used to being introduced like that because he wasn’t talking about me, was he? A smattering of applause followed his announcement, signaling our freedom to no longer be the center of attention and enter the foyer at last. This was one of the reasons I really didn’t like Yule. If it had been a simple matter of a ceremony, Mom’s food, some wine, a little dancing around a fire? I’d be all for it. Except, of course, that wasn’t how things went for witches like us.
Oh, how I loved being stared at, whispered about as we walked by, knowing everything about us was under scrutiny because this was hardly my first Yule celebration, or any other that required us to endure society. Selene was my only saving grace, to be honest, her cheery and sunny disposition either a mask she chose to hide behind when faced with the truly epic envy I felt pummel me from all sides, only matched by the vibrating hunger of those who wanted a piece of us—my family, that was—and the simpering ass kissing that barely hid the desperate needs that would be laid at the feet of the wonderworkers before the night was over.
At least I was spared any of it directly. The first few years I’d been old enough to understand the goals of the varied types of attention aimed at us, my discomfort often led me to hide behind Mom’s skirts or go find a closet to sit in until everything was over. Not that I’d resorted to that for a long time. Still, I had fond feelings for closets, those dark and quiet places where one could be themselves with no one looking.
Which naturally made me even more of a weirdo than I’d already been.
Selene clutched at my arm with a gasp when she led me past the main foyer and a knot of young witches drinking champagne and pretending not to give us the up and down with their nasty side-eye, past the arch toward the main ballroom. “He’s here,” she whispered, cheeks flushed, pupils dilating before letting me go, spinning on me with the kind of intensity that had me smirking. “How do I look?”
“Oh, please,” I said, “you know you’re the most beautiful woman here and Jericho Richmond doesn’t stand a chance against you.” I peeked in the direction she refused to look, spotting him not too far away, looking stunningly gorgeous in his white tux jacket and tie, jet hair tousled in that casually careful way of his, violet eyes rising to meet mine. I threw him a cheeky grin and a wave while Selene hissed at me.
“Oh you did not, you brat,” she breathed. “Is he coming over?” So hilarious how she refused to look, posed and poised, the Maiden shining through her eyes. She’d been cultivating this capture for almost a year now, had pegged him—with the blessing of his family and ours—for her transition from her present power to Mom’s, as was the way of things.
“You’d think you were in a hurry to be the Mother,” I said, winking. “Feeling matronly, are we, sissy?”
She swatted at me, laughed. “Silly,” she said, “I have lots of time for that to happen. But no one said I couldn’t have some fun before I have to move on.” Her laugh escaped in a throaty warble that, naturally, was the sound Jericho walked into when he came to a halt next to us.
If he’d been smitten with Selene before? That seductive chuckle sealed the deal.
I might as well have been a piece of furniture as he reached out, took her hand, lifted it to his lips. Not a word spoken between them. Only my sister staring into his eyes and vice versa and a sort of heated wave of oh dear washing over the two of them and out into the general vicinity that sent me scrambling backward and out of their mutual reach so I didn’t blush myself to death.
Giving my bad luck the opportunity to hook the heel of one sandal on the toe of another party-goer’s shoe and send me toppling backward in slow motion, my mouth an O of well crap and my arms wind milling to no avail.
Only to be caught in mid fall by a pair of strong arms. The scent of cinnamon and coffee and maple and something spicy hit me the moment his touch did as my rescuer, in a flourish of heroics, turned my near-disaster into a dip that swept my breath from my lungs the moment those intense ice blue eyes met mine.

***

Chapter Nine

“I’d love to dance,” he said before sweeping me back into a upright position, his head of height over mine putting him in a perfect position to look down into my eyes, his lips just over my open mouth.
Why did this total stranger feel so familiar?
“Ah, Phoebe.” Silas’s interruption was almost annoying, though considering my luck, any attraction I felt to tall, dark and dreamy was likely going to end badly. “So lovely to see you again.” Silas hadn’t changed out of his druidic attire, though he’d donned a heavy silver necklace over his plain, black shirt and pants, his cloak gone wherever mine had been taken. “I see you’ve finally met my nephew.”
“Not entirely, uncle,” my rescuer said. “Elias Gael, at your service.”
Ah, that must have been the connection I was feeling, that oddly eerie familiarity I had to fight to ignore. I stuck out one hand to the handsome young man who looked down at it with a half smile before taking it in his own strong one. “Phoebe Monday,” I said, trying to shake only to have my palm turned upward, brought to his lips, brushed every so gently while those crisp blues devoured me all over again.
It should have been flattering, to be treated the way my sister had been when I rarely had that kind of attention aimed in my direction from an equally attractive magic user with potential I knew my family would approve of. It did cross my mind it was odd, perhaps, I’d never met him before, since I’d known Silas my entire life. But I was more distracted by the sudden feeling—a bright, sharp shift from, hello handsome to things that made me hmmm—that led me to the impression I was simply, to him, a tasty side of meat.
Maybe that’s why he felt like I’d known him forever. Not him specifically, but his type? You better believe it.
His full lips tugged sideways, dark hair trimmed close, diamond flashing in one earlobe when he bowed his head to me. Still holding my hand. Possessively, power crawling over the contact.
And, ew.
When I’d first met Cooper Hudson, I’d worried. I knew handsome guys like him from my world. Had been surrounded by attractive and powerful young men my whole life, pretty much. Learned not to trust them, not really, since they were typically after power—my family’s—or a simple and uncomplicated interaction—not that I was a prude, but one night stands weren’t my favorite after some rather disappointing performances. Coop had surprised me with his genuine caring, compassion and kindness. Handsome or not, he was a truly sweet and gentle soul who wanted to do the right thing, no matter what.
Elias Gael? Yeah. Other end of the spectrum. To the point I almost eyerolled now that I’d pushed my hormones past the initial holy crap, he’s gorgeous.
Because lurking back there, behind those incredible icy eyes? Was a hunter.
Just try to make me prey.
Silas spoke up, a welcome distraction this time. “I’m wondering if you’ve noticed any easing of your symptoms with the application of the spell I gave you.”
How to tell him that was a big fat heck no? “I’m sorry,” I said. “I don’t think so. But thank you for trying.”
Silas offered a little, sad sigh, shrug. “I will continue to offer assistance, my dear Phoebe, if you’ll indulge an old druid.”
So sweet of him, really. I reached out on impulse, squeezed his hand, saw the surprise in his eyes. Something else I couldn’t read. “Thank you,” I said. “It means a lot to me.”
I didn’t expect him to fall speechless. If simple gratitude did that, I could only imagine how little of it he received. How sad.
“Forgive me,” I said, “but I didn’t know you had a nephew.” Time to satisfy my curiosity, though I instantly regretted the question. Elias leaned closer, the inquiry clearly triggering the suggestion of my interest, while I was just being nosy, thanks.
Bad luck, just freaking go away already.
“My dear, departed sister,” Silas said with enough sorrow I figured his loss had to be recent, “Ganymede, left her poor, only son in my care when she passed.” Elias’s face flickered with an expression that wasn’t quite grief, and close enough to disdain I liked him even less. “He’s been studying abroad and only recently returned to us.”
“If I’d known such beauty and grace awaited me here,” the smarmy creature said, suggestive smile making me sigh inside, “I’d have come home sooner.”
Maybe I could have tried to be patient and nice about it. Made an alternate choice, instead offering him a deadpan look in return so he’d dial it down a bit in the blatant flirting department.
Seemed to work, flickering disappointment in his eyes hiding enough irritation I was suddenly possessed with the desire to continue to knock him off the high horse he’d rode in on. I really wasn’t a nice person sometimes.
“I understand you possess a truly unique power,” Elias said then, leaning back, though his attempt at conversation went in my second least favorite direction. Forcing me to bite back a sigh of here we go again.
“Phoebe is able to alter the fate of those she chooses to assist,” I heard Silas say when I struggled for words that wouldn’t be rude, exactly, but might get the point across, at least.
“Luck,” I managed to blurt while contemplating how polite I would have to be considering this was Silas’s nephew and everything. “I give good luck.”
Elias’s smile widened at that. “I could use some,” he said. Nodded to me again. “Maybe you’ll be kind enough at some point to consider it.”
If I had a dollar for everyone who asked...
“Unfortunately,” Silas’s somber tone helped somewhat, though the dramatics weren’t entirely necessary, “she suffers the consequences, as with all power. The price that must be paid is a reversal of her own fortunes.”
“Only for a day,” I said.
“How remarkable.” Elias reached with casual ease across my shoulder and, a moment later, offered me one of the champagne flutes he’d just liberated.
Slick. And frustratingly predictable.
Thank the Great Mother for bad luck. While it sucked most of the time, there were instances when it served me despite itself. Like the instant I reached out with reluctance to accept the drink—I was kind of thirsty—and a pair of laughing, rather drunk and disorderly young witches, their tuxedos in disarray and reeking of tobacco laced with whatever it was that made their cheeks flush and their pupils flare to fill their corneas, stumbled between us and spilled the offering before I could accept it.
Giving me the break I needed from discomfort of having to reject Elias—rude or not, it was going to happen and I wasn’t looking forward to the outcome—while Silas and several others attempted to quiet the commotion. Hoping my luck would hold for at least a few seconds, I faded backward into the watching crowd and out of reach, finally turning to escape from the ballroom to the main foyer and out into the night for a breath of air.
Time to find a closet to hide in before anything else could happen.
***
By the time midnight came and the Yule ceremony unfolded, I’d succeeded in setting fire to the buffet table (don’t ask), ruined someone’s spellcasting by stumbling into the reach of their wand so they waved left instead of right, turning the potted plant in the line of fire into a ravening vine monster that took four druids to contain, made a little girl cry when I stepped on her doll and subsequently broke it trying to put it back to rights.
Among countless other, more minor issues that plagued me and drove me to the edge of frustrated desperation.
I could have cornered Selene, but she was busy with Jericho and I didn’t want to interfere. Not to mention Elias seemed to be a friend of my sister’s choice of partners, and the last thing I needed was more contact with Silas’s predator nephew while my irritation amped and the need to smack him drove me to something epically disastrous. There was Mom, but she had become embroiled in a conversation with Dominion and Saraphella Richmond, the owners of the estate and our regal rulers as dual heads of the Academy of Adepts, over typical political matters that I preferred to stay out of.
That left Isolde, and no luck whatsoever, because my grandmother went missing about five seconds after we arrived, showed up for the ceremony looking rather mussed and her dress rumpled. Which had me cringing—not because she didn’t deserve to have fun, but because I was not in the mood to listen to her talk about her latest exploits just to make me squirm.
Instead, fighting off tears at the sheer weight of my frustration, I hung back as the Richmonds dumped the ceremonial herb bundle into the flames of the main fire in the back garden, the flash of multi-hued light just for show, and hugged myself while everyone cheered and the party started up all over again.
Some ceremony. Grouch.
I turned to find somewhere to huddle and ran into a tray full of food, knocking it and the server sideways with a clash of silver platter on marble, and was done. Grabbed said servant by the front of his jacket and snarled in his face. “My besom and robe,” I said.
Caught his jerking nod of surprise with enough fear behind it I pulled back, hating I’d been mean to someone who didn’t deserve it, but reaped the reward when, a moment later, he returned in a matching flicker of light with my possessions.
I heard Selene calling my name and ignored her, sweeping on my robe and carrying my broom into open space, hopping on sidesaddle and whispering for it to rise. It did so, carrying me high above the house while I did look down, seeing my sister waving at me, then give up and turn away, leaving me to head for home on my own.
Where I would never, ever leave.

***

Chapter Ten

My ride home, while tiring and boring, was uneventful so my gratitude when I touched down on the roof of the brownstone knew no bounds. I paused a moment when I passed through the wards, feeling something hit me, almost like a rejection of the power that was my family’s protections, and grunted at the impact.
That was all I needed. Tell me I didn’t trigger a warning to Mom to come home early over nothing. But, whatever the trigger, the wards settled and then welcomed me as usual, likely due to the besom Isolde gifted me. I hugged my new broom, carrying it inside, sending giant thanks to my grandmother for it, trudging down the steps to the third floor and my room.
I didn’t even shed my cloak or climb out of the silver dress, kicking off the sandals in the last bit of energy I had left, using the cowl as a pillow as I hit the mattress and snuggled under the heavy fur, darkness taking me.
The sound of my family returning woke me, disoriented and out of touch with time, sitting up abruptly and in surprise at their voices, their laughter, Mom clearly drunk and singing, Selene’s giggles and my grandmother’s deep chuckles a sign they were, at least, in excellent humor.
All the warning I had when my door burst open and the three came inside, carrying me along with them as they exited again and swept down the stairs in a refusal to accept no for an answer, their giddiness contagious and my collapsed nap sufficient to perk me up so I could appreciate their good humor.
“Mom made chocolate truffles,” Selene whispered, eyes bright, lipstick gone, her carefully piled hair at an odd angle. Someone had fun, if the faint red mark on her neck was an indicator of Jericho Richmond’s attentions. “Just for us.”
Well now, that was reason for getting up in the middle of the night. And I wasn’t being sarcastic either. Mom’s chocolate truffles made eating anything else in life a pale, sad and pathetic attempt to recreate the awesome burst of smooth, buttery, melty cocoa deliciousness wrapped around a caramel creamy mint mass of heavenly interior I sometimes woke from dreams about.
I have no idea who stopped first, though I know I flashed from happy again and resigned to losing the rest of my night’s sleep to what the hecking feck to holy freaking no way in about three heartbeats that felt a bit like a slow motion ticking of a second hand from one emotion to the next.
All I knew was, one instant my hearth was laughing, mostly drunk—me excepted—and without a care in the world. And the next? We stood as a foursome of stunned silence staring at the spread-eagled form of a young man in a hoody, face down on the carpet of the entry to our second floor living room.
***
“You were all out.” Detective Morales had already taken in our clothing, the late hour, now well past 4AM and counting. It was clear we’d been to a party, wasn’t it? Didn’t that make her question a silly one?
“We were,” Mom answered her, nodding, arms folded over her ample chest, face serious while she stared at me with worry and doubt in her blue eyes.
Because, if it was up to my mother? Detective Anna Morales and her partner, Detective Nathan Sallow, along with a forensics team in white coveralls and booties and blue latex gloves with cameras and all kinds of equipment and medical examiner, EMTs and pair of gaping uniforms wouldn’t have taken over our living room under any circumstances.
The conversation had gone a little like this:
“I’ll take care of the body.” That had been Mom, after checking to be sure the young man in the ski mask—no it wasn’t lost on me his description, though his body position made it impossible for me to check his lip for a scar.
“You can’t, Mom.” Yes, that had been me. “We have to call the police.”
“You’ve cracked your cauldron, bratness.” Isolde waved off my contribution.
“I don’t know.” Selene had stepped up, if hesitantly, shock and anxiety at war on her face. “Maybe Phoebe is right.” She prodded him with the toe of one shoe. “He’s normal, after all.”
“How by the hearth of our ancestors did he even get in?” Mom spun in a circle, the wards flashing in response, runes hanging in the air, everything in place.
“An excellent question,” my sister said, voice vibrating with the Maiden’s power. “One that’s our job to uncover. But murder?” She shook her head. “Mortal murder isn’t for us to discard so callously.” The Maiden had her own opinions, clearly. I had no doubt if Selene thought she could get away with it, she’d be on the side of the others, if not for her power’s insistence. Instead, the Maiden chose my way of thinking. Her power visibly surfaced, reaching out to the body, joined by that of the Mother and the Crone, circling him in ribbons of light, snuffling and winding but unable to reach him for some reason.
“There’s more at work here than we though,” the Mother said. “We are blocked from investigating his end.”
“Indeed,” the Crone answered. “And, in case you missed it, his spirit is gone.”
Right. The wards would have caught it, kept it here long enough to question it. Should have. Hadn’t?
The Maiden sighed. “Our magic won’t work to uncover his death.” The three ribbons rose, twined together. Selene’s defeated tone deciding our next action. “If we want to find out what happened, we need help unconnected to our wards.”
“If we care,” the Crone said. “Do we?”
“Perhaps we should,” the Mother answered. “If this was an attack, it may only be the beginning. I, for one, would like to know.”
“We could contact the Academy,” the Maiden said.
But it was Mom who shook her head, surfacing from the great power inside her. She turned to me. “More mundane investigation may be all we need to uncover the truth and keep others out of it. Especially if, somehow, this human managed to find a way past our wards on his own.” Murmured agreement from Selene, but a glare from Isolde. “It shouldn’t be possible. But, before we inquire in our world, let’s find out what his world has to say.” My sister nodded, Isolde tsking her disapproval. And Mom finally addressed me, though she’d been looking at me the whole time. “Your friends at the police department,” she said then. “Will they come?”
That had been, it turned out, a rather silly question.
My hurried text to Morales had her and Sallow at our door in under ten minutes, both of them rumpled and recently roused from bed, a pair of uniforms behind them and the forensics team with the medical examiner and EMTs following a few minutes later.
Things hadn’t been as jovial between us as I’d hoped. Didn’t help my grandmother sat in a wingback with an irritated expression and waved off any attempt the detectives made to ask her questions, pointedly telling me as though they weren’t even there, “I’m not taking part in this ridiculous extravagance, disobedient child, so you can see it through.”
I tried to focus on Morales, finally piping up as an afterthought. “They were at the party until 3:30 or so,” I said, “but I came home early, shortly after 1AM.”
Mom hissed in a breath, glared at me. While the medical examiner looked up from his preliminary check of the body, liver thermometer still in hand.
“Shortly after time of death. I’m putting it at 12:30.” Dr. Ian Percy had no qualms, it seemed, pinning me with his kind of helpful. Not to mention the fact he met my eyes behind his round glasses with judgment showing loud and clear. Our brief intro on his arrival had been brusque but professional. Now? Yeah, it was pretty obvious he saw me in a new light.
Morales made a note, her own expression grim. “You didn’t hear or see anything when you got home? Even though you came in after the victim died?”
How could I tell her I wasn’t downstairs, that I’d flown in on a broom, not come in the normal way? “It was dark,” I said, knowing how weak that sounded and that my bad luck wasn’t doing me any favors and did I really just turn into the prime suspect?
“He’s wearing a hoody and a mask,” I blurted. “Like the homeless sketch today.”
Morales didn’t waver, didn’t nod, left me to hang myself. Which I did, because I had no filter at the moment, it seemed, and was unable to stop myself from digging a hole big enough for my own coffin. “I saw him earlier. Or someone dressed like him. At the end of the alley.” I pointed in the vague direction, watched myself, as if from outside my body, as I stumbled and fumbled through delivering information in the herky-jerky method of a drug addict coming down from a bad hit. “Smoking, hanging around. He saw me and left. I didn’t go after him because I’m not a detective.” Oh dear.
Oh dear, oh dear. Just stop talking.
Morales cut me a bit of slack, not cuffing me at least, though, to my surprise, it was Sallow who snorted, brushing a few crumbs from the front of his golf shirt he’d gained by sampling the cookie tray Mom hastily offered the gathering because she couldn’t help herself. “You just described the uniform of petty thieves and crack dealers, kid,” he said. “Come on, Morales, you really liking Phoebe for this?”
I could have kissed him while the tall detective sighed and shrugged.
“I’ll have more questions once the forensics team is done,” she said.
“Dr. Percy.” I glanced across to the slim young woman crouched next to her boss, whose dark eyes met mine a moment before she returned to her job. The medical examiner’s assistant, as it turned out to my shock and slight hope my luck might not be all bad, was none other than Mirabelle Whitehall, not just a fellow witch but an old friend. “I’m finding no visible signs of cause of death.” Another glance.
A message.
That the young man—or thief or whoever he was—wasn’t just normal but had likely been killed by magical means.
Excellent. I was, however, more interested to know how he’d gotten past our protections in the first place. Was he here simply to steal from us, had, perhaps through my bad luck, found a way in? Got caught in the wards and died?
That felt incredibly unlikely for some reason. The only other option? Someone sent him. Someone from our world. And gave him the means to bypass our protections, through a faulty means, clearly.
So, who sent him here? Or was it just a stupid round of luck and I was to blame for a string of coincidences that led to the unfortunate end of a plain and simple thief?
In probably the worst timing ever, two things happened. The front door, now open to normals thanks to Mom allowing them to pass the wards to let the police in, filled with the tall, worried form of Officer Cooper Hudson. Who started toward me at the same instant he was shouldered aside by the arrival of Jericho Richmond, Silas Gael and, to the absolute credit of my terrible fortunes, Elias.
Because that was just the very worst combination of conflicting coming togethers in the face of a murder accusation that could possibly culminate at my feet.

***

Chapter Eleven

I faded back out of the reach of the detectives and Jericho took over, Silas behind him, Elias instantly crossing the room to join me. Something Coop instantly noticed. I had the towering handsome cop at my side, not touching me but looming protectively, while the younger Gael ignored him, taking my hand, all before Jericho could speak.
While that weird familiar feeling of Elias woke again, making me shiver and, instead of pull away immediately as I’d planned to do, pause. Stare. What was that between us, anyway? Only to realize my hesitation? Wasn’t lost on Coop.
Well, that was a wonderful turn of events. The last thing I needed was a head-butting ego war in the middle of this mess.
Took my hand back finally though, thanks.
“Jericho Richmond,” he offered his card to Morales. “My father’s firm represents the Monday family. I would advise you, officers, not to speak to any of them further without myself or one of our lawyers present.”
“Detectives,” Morales growled, handing the card off to Sallow who shrugged and tucked it in his pocket. “We were just finishing up here, Mr. Richmond.”
“Excellent news. Make sure you don’t repeat the mistake, officer.” Yup, he used that word again on purpose, calculated to piss her off. So easy to read on his handsome face, to see it trigger her despite herself, because the Morales I’d been getting to know was an Amazonian princess under fire, queen of poise and sarcasm. But I’d never seen the full wattage of Jericho’s arrogance before, though I suppose I’d had rare opportunities to even interact with Jericho or his cronies aside from my times with Selene. Sure, there were rumors about his penchant for bullying, but I’d always given him the benefit of the doubt because I guess I just never associated that sort of behavior with him. The way he treated Morales, however? Woke a surprising snarl of protectiveness inside me, how he looked down his nose like she wasn’t worth his time. Sure, some of our kind treated humans like they weren’t as good as us, but I’d never witnessed it.
Until now.
Or maybe it was just his breeding, the fact he’d grown up in privilege. Well, so had I, thanks, and it didn’t turn me into a jackass.
Dr. Percy interrupted with an abrupt, “Excuse us,” the EMTs pushing the gurney with the body bagged dead guy between Jericho and Anna, breaking the moment of growing tension that I was sure the young Richmond intended, cold smile cruel. Suddenly, he wasn’t so handsome anymore.
“Detective Morales,” I said, stepping forward, partially to exit the influence of the still lingering Elias but mostly because this was Anna we were talking about. “Anything you need. Please, we just want to know what happened.” She softened a little, though her amber eyes were wary and I couldn’t help but feel hurt by that. “Do you still need me to come in and sketch for you today?” Yikes, it was almost dawn.
Her hesitation hurt more than her denial. “Let’s hold off,” she said, walking past me, Sallow eye rolling behind her back before squeezing my shoulder. “We’ll be in touch.”
And, just like that, the crowd in our living room shrank to my family, Jericho and company and, to my surprise, the still lingering Coop.
I turned, looked up at him, noticed Elias had crowded my space all over again when I wasn’t looking. Opened my mouth to say something while the young druid casually draped his arm over my shoulder. Like he owned me. Stiffened at the contact, but worse, at the flicker of hurt in Coop’s eyes.
No, it wasn’t like that. Why couldn’t I say so?
Even as Anna poked her head inside.
“Officer Hudson.” No ifs or buts in that tone of voice.
“Coming, ma’am.” He didn’t say anything about Elias, just offered me a brave smile and a nod, failing at masking his clear heartbreak, taking the suggestion my unwelcome companion offered in that simple gesture of possessiveness while I spluttered internally, lips locked in the silence bad luck wrapped around me as firmly as the contact with Elias. Coop took the time to wave to my mother, sister and grandmother, bypassing the magical self-assigned cavalry and headed out the door.
“Now,” Jericho said, spinning to frown at my mother. “Tell us what happened and spare no details.”
With Coop gone, my bad luck shifted and I was finally able to shake off Elias’ touch, scowling up at him.
“Don’t do that again,” I snapped.
He backed off a half step, icy eyes wide in mock apology, hands up. “Just trying to help,” he said.
Liar.
Nothing to be done for it until I could talk to Coop. I hated he’d jumped to the obvious conclusion, though, naturally, I hadn’t been able to reassure him because this just had to turn out to be the worst day of my life. Though, as I sank to the sofa with my hands tucked between my knees, weary all over again, while Mom filled Jericho in on what we’d uncovered, I did finally accept the truth staring me in the heart.
Coop meant a lot to me. Like, boyfriend material. And I had to either accept that and do something about it, or let him go.
Elias, for his part, now that he’d ruined everything, rejoined his uncle. And it was Silas who dug into the earth with his druidic power, recreating the death scene in perfect 3D model, the image holding while Mom finished her retelling.
“Where,” Jericho said, looking around, “is the human’s spirit?”
He didn’t wait for anyone to answer, his own power rippling outward, sorcery dropping the whole room into dimness while he tapped into the electrical system. Despite his demand and the thrumming focus of his summons, augmented by the city’s power grid, no spirit appeared. Something else much more troubling did, however.
Because as he called to the soul of the young man who’d died in our house, he instead triggered our wards. Only, they weren’t the bright and sparkling Moon washed silvery perfection I was used to. Instead, dull and thrumming with effort, they surfaced under Jericho’s touch, a dirty shadow passing over them.
Drawing a deep gasp from the throats of the triunity of my family.
“We have a serious problem,” Jericho said then, stern expression not rousing even a little comfort. While Silas nodded, his own long, lean face paled out to ash.
“My dears,” he said, “I’m afraid your wards are compromised.”
“Tainted,” Jericho said, lips twisting in disgust. He appeared almost near revulsion, gaze sliding over Selene as though regretting their association now. The pig.
“Who has done this?” Isolde stood, lashing them with her words, and even the arrogance Jericho seemed to use like a weapon when he decided we weren’t worthy vanished in the wake of her displeasure. Something akin to fear woke behind his eyes and he actually backed off, letting Silas handle my grandmother.
As if anyone could.
“Be assured,” her friend said, that deep regret unwavering, “we shall uncover that truth, Isolde. But, for now, I beg you all. Seek for yourself and tell me why it is they feel like you and you alone?”
Isolde tsked, reached for Mom’s hand, Selene’s, as the powers of the Great Mother coursed through them, the triunity of the sacred feminine gathering like a small sun in the circle they made before bursting outward in a ring of light.
Impacting the wards.
Rebounding when they struck the familiar symbols hanging in the air, no longer bright white and gold and pink or blue, but again appearing sullied, their colors dimmed, the shadow of something interfering with the power of the hearth weighing on the wards.
“Impossible,” grandmother said, breathless. “Source!” She dove in again, Mom and Selene straining with her. Another ball of light, another burst of power. This time, their attempt won, pushing whatever it was back, but not eliminating it entirely.
If anything, the shadow only shifted, realigned, settling deeper into the wards while my family sagged from the effort.
A task that should have been effortless.
“This is tied to whatever happened to the man you found.” Silas shook his head, large hands spreading wide. “I’m so sorry, my dears. We will work tirelessly to uncover the truth. But the fact remains, either this has been an existing problem,” no way, never, impossible, “or his death has tainted your protections. Which can only happen for one reason.”
He did not just go there.
Because the number one cause of taint in personal power? Could only happen if we’d built the wards on death.
Which was, naturally, illegal and disgusting and revolting and there was no way anyone would ever believe it of us. Not our hearth. Not the Monday family, one of the most revered, sacred, the bearers of the wonderworks, blessed by the Great Mother Moon herself?
Except the look on Jericho’s face, the regret in Silas’s? The horror that crawled over my grandmother like a living thing? Only Elias seemed unconcerned by the reveal, arms crossed over his chest, still in his tuxedo I realized in an absent aside, as was Jericho, observing in curiosity and silence.

***

Chapter Twelve

I escaped to my room, though no one noticed, contemplating sleep but knowing it wouldn’t be coming anytime soon. Ended up dozing in and out for hours, feeling in the way of the three women I loved more than anything who locked themselves in their triunity to tackle the wards.
The moment of release from my bad luck? Felt like a hug, the tension of it easing in an exhale that relaxed my entire body and, sighing out the last of the awful that held me, I finally felt ready to face the world.
Showered and dressed, I emerged hopefully at last, only to find they were still fighting off the taint. Knowing I couldn’t help and would likely only hinder, I chose to get out of the house or lose my mind.
The walk home refreshed me, was even pleasant, the evening cool but not icy cold, fresh snow just starting to fall when I finished my hour-long exercise, reaching my block with optimism renewed. We were Mondays. My family would figure this out and life would go back to normal. Maybe I was lying to myself, but the ease of tension never felt so good and I embraced the shift in my luck like never before. No, I didn’t regret helping Unk Jay-Jay and this experience wouldn’t stop me from doing what I could for the next poor soul who needed me. And.
Phew, baby.
Speaking of luck, guess who I spotted at the far end of my alley, digging around in the dumpster outside the shop exit? A grin split my face, my hand rising, already planning to run inside and grab him some of Mom’s amazing food and maybe some fresh socks, but before I could flag down Unk or even let him know I was there, the whole world screeched to a stop.
As a black van, windowless and driven by a person in a mask and hoodie, did the same right next to the old man.
The door slid open and a second hooded figure leaped out. Grabbed Unk.
I was moving, though I hadn’t known I’d started to run, made it to the end of the alley only because Unk fought his attacker, managed to pull partially free, his eyes locking on mine, shouting in fear as the man in the mask struck him on the back of the head with what looked like a brick.
Unk fell, forcing the assailant to heave him bodily toward the van. Giving me time to lunge and grab him, without thinking because, let’s be honest, five foot one and a hundred scrawny pounds against someone desperate enough to kidnap a helpless homeless man?
Not great odds.
I had no magic to help, only my person to try to stop the crime. Felt my hand slide over the back of the hoodie, but make no purchase, the kidnapper rolling sideways with Unk into the van while I hit my knees in the icy slush and stared up as the door slammed in my face.
The van peeled out before I could do anything else.
Looked like I’d come out of the power too soon to do him any good.
Unk’s luck had run out.
It took me a moment to regain my feet, boots sliding in the wet slush, though it was obvious from the prodding flickers of memory the man in the mask who’d kidnapped Unk was no other than the same one who’d robbed him just yesterday. Part of my imbalance came from being thrown against the moment in time I’d lived inside the homeless man’s head. When I finally did regain my stability, I took a breath to calm my racing heart, already knowing what I was going to do.
I rubbed my fingertips together, the part of me that touched the kidnapper warming a little when I did, sparks of faint yellow falling from my hand to the ground. Lighting up the place he’d fallen, his body’s impact leaving a trace behind I could tap into, leading to a footprint where his shoe landed before he rolled into the van.
Obviously the trail ended there. Without physical contact with the earth it became harder to trace him through the law of contagion I triggered. Just a little spellworking, nothing major, more a parlor trick than anything. Still as benign as it was, the connection between two physical things could be used to advantage and I had every intent of doing so.
Because despite what Detective Sallow said about uniforms of the criminal and cowardly? The man who’d taken Unk was rather a bit too similar to the one we’d found dead in my living room. And finding him here, so close to home, only increased my discomfort. I’d never seen Unk around my house in the past, though that didn’t mean much, I admitted to myself. I, like most people, had a bit of a blind spot when it came to the disenfranchised and displaced. Maybe guilt was part of my reasoning, though much more so it came from the now personal link I felt I shared with the old man.
If I could use what power I had to track him down, I would. And perhaps solve the murder at the same time.
I inhaled, closed my eyes, let my internal vision take over. While the power of air could be less reliable, the spell I’d cast would linger until it cleansed from the subject. If I got on it fast enough, didn’t let the movement of air dispel his path, there was a possibility I could find the kidnapper.
Luck, it seemed, was on my side more than usual, the floating yellow specks visible to my internal sight. After a hesitant moment considering calling the police, I finally shook my head. How would I explain knowing where they’d gone? If I involved normal cops, even the ones I worked with, they would take too long to get here. I had minutes, if that, to track the path to wherever they’d taken Unk. I could follow, find him then call Coop or Morales and hopefully hand over the poor homeless man while possibly solving the crime I seemed to be a suspect in.
Maybe Morales was wearing off on me, but I found my boots carrying me onward despite my trepidation and reassurance I’d do nothing on the other end but make a call and hurried off into the softly snowing evening.
The fact they could have driven off into the countryside and this whole exercise was one in futility wasn’t lost on me. Still, I’d made my choice and that stubborn streak I’d earned from my grandmother wasn’t going to let me stop unless I had to. I was crossing my fourth intersection and considering attempting a besom call—would my new broom come to me if I asked? It just might—to take to the air for the duration when the sparking wisps of light I followed thickened. As though my target had stopped.
Except, instead of leading to footprints or possible exits, they simply pooled and that was that. I stood outside a large, brick building in the more industrial side of town, enough traffic I felt safe, at least, though me randomly following kidnappers and then standing around like an idiot looking for them might not have been the wisest choice.
I was six blocks from the precinct. Made another decision when there was no obvious place to search further without putting myself in danger and headed for the police station.
Morales seemed surprised to see me, but welcomed me when I entered the bullpen, waving me toward her desk. Sallow looked up from his jelly donut, powder on the brown reindeer tie he wore, waving like nothing was wrong. I joined them both, hesitant but knowing I had to say something, when the beautiful detective pointed at my wet, dirty knees with a frown.
“You okay?” Those amber eyes had enough concern I knew no matter what happened, this was the right choice.
I told them both what I’d seen, what happened, caught the eyebrow arch from Morales, the hum of ooh boy from Sallow when I confessed to trying to stop the kidnappers.
When I was done, pausing as I thought about if I should share that I’d followed, Morales pulled out a chair and sat me in it, intense expression on high alert.
“Again,” she said. “Slowly this time.” I had a penchant for talking fast, I admit it, when I wasn’t feeling comfortable. This time, after a deep inhale and exhale, feeling a hand settle on my shoulder, I relaxed fully, smiling at Coop who joined us with his own kind expression shifting to the detective a moment.
Morales just shrugged.
And I went through it again, in as much detail as I could. “I’m positive it’s the same man who robbed Unk,” I said. How could I know that? “The description was a perfect match.” Sallow’s excuses about criminal choices in attire aside.
That very detective grunted at Anna, setting aside his donut remnants as though he’d forgotten his own excuse to the contrary. “That’s four,” he said.
Wait, what did he say? “You mentioned others,” I said, “that you wanted me to sketch some attackers. Was it the same man?”
Morales didn’t respond right away, sitting back to cross her arms over her chest, staring at the floor with a deep frown. It was Coop who filled me in, softly and with some hesitation but braver when his superiors didn’t tell him to stop.
“There’s been a series of attacks on homeless people in the last week,” he said. “Thing is, there could be more because they don’t always report. But we have been hearing the ones that do? Disappear shortly after. This just confirms it.” One more glance at Morales who was nodding, grim, angry.
“Thank you, Phoebe,” she said, standing abruptly. “This helps. Though I don’t suppose you have a license number?”
I shook my head, mind spinning over scenarios, lame excuse after pathetic attempt to come up with some safe way to tell her about the brick building where the sparkles had come to a pooling stop making indecision an agony. I had to act, and yet, I couldn’t put my family at further risk. They had to come first and if I somehow managed to stir the magic user pot further trying to help… yes. That would be just my luck.
I finally shrugged inside my puffy coat, knees aching from the fall, feeling dirty and damp and wanting a hot bath. I’d done what I could, hoped Unk would be okay, happy to hear the officers I thought of as friends cared. They were the police. They could handle it, right?
Guilt sucked so much.
I stood then, turned to go while the two detectives whispered a moment, before Anna stopped me, hand on my arm.
“Look, kid,” she said, “we know you didn’t kill that guy, okay? And your family’s story checks out. I’m sorry about how things went.”
Not hard to instantly deny her apology. “You were doing your job,” I said. “Thanks for coming so fast when I called.”
That earned me one of her rare smiles. “Of course,” she said.
“Do you know what happened to him? How he died?” Would be helpful to know, maybe. If the wards ended up killing him, damaged as they were, that could be very bad. But if it was some more mundane reason, at least I could offer my family that comfort.
Anna shook her head then. “Nothing from the ME yet,” she said. Glanced at Coop who hovered close enough I could smell him. Yum. “Why don’t we have Officer Hudson give you a ride home. You’ve had a hell of a day.”
“My pleasure,” Coop blurted while I nodded, despite the uncomfortable moment with Elias. I was just as happy to accept. The idea of walking home at the moment really didn’t appeal to me. And, having the chance to talk to Coop now that my luck had turned? Absolute necessity.
A few minutes later, warm in the front seat of his cruiser, I found myself watching a homeless woman on the corner as we drove by. Which, naturally, led to thoughts of Unk Jay-Jay and the other victims, heart aching as much as my knees. “I wish there was something I could do.” Careful, witch girl. I knew better than to put emotion behind needs like that. And yet, it was hard not to want to help.
Coop reached over and squeezed my hand in his big, warm one. “You were amazing coming in like that,” he said. “So many people just don’t want to get involved. And the homeless don’t like to tell us anything. They don’t trust us.”
“You have a tough job,” I said, squeezing back. “Thanks for being so kind, Coop.”
Made him blush. There was a nice change. And a perfect segue moment.
Except, it was Coop who got to the point first. When he pulled up in front of the brownstone, the snow had stopped but the ground was slushy enough I found myself being told to wait in my seat until he got out, circled the car, and assisted me to the sidewalk.
“I didn’t know you were seeing someone.” He sounded like he’d worked out what he was going to tell me in his head, the statement apologetic and rushed. “If I had, Phoebe, I swear I wouldn’t have been just a jackass.” Oh, no. I had to steer this ship off the rocks, except he wasn’t giving me time to fix it, hurrying on, smiling in a wry and adorable way that broke my heart. “You know I think you’re amazing. And I’m happy to have you as a friend, no matter what.” He looked away then, while I fishlipped and sagged inside my coat. Had I lost the chance I’d only just realized I really wanted? “I promise I’ll find out what’s going on,” he said, expression darkening while he tucked his hands into the pockets of his jacket. “I hate that you were involved, Phoebe. I worry about you and your family.” He glanced down the alley, and I knew he was about to suggest walking me right to my door.
One hand on his arm stopped that in its tracks, while I fought for words to tell him how wrong he was. And finally sighed over the mess. Decided to think things through first. So I didn’t make an even bigger disaster of things. Because right now, my mind was tired, my heart hurt and I just wasn’t sure I would say what I needed to. Instead, I let him see how much I appreciated him, hoped it translated on my face. “I’m okay,” I said. “Honest. Thanks again.”
He waved as I walked away, and I waved back, knowing he watched me the entire way despite what he’d just said. Second-guessed about a million times that short walk, about running back and telling him Elias was nothing, had done that on some creepy purpose of his own, that I really, truly had feelings for the handsome officer I left behind.
Because I didn’t act on that push and pull, instead finally reaching the entry and jerking the door open and ducked inside.
Safe. Sigh. And probably for the best. My family would eat him alive.
I didn’t have a chance to move from that spot. My mother’s voice reached me and the message hit loud and clear.
Phoebe, she sent. We’re in trouble. Don’t come home.

***

Chapter Fourteen

Hard not to come to a complete and utter halt when your mother shared something so dire. However, my instant desire to rush to help decided to have a short and rather terse argument with my ingrained training to listen to the woman who raised me.
What can I do? Surprising, how calm I sounded in my own head.
Silas is here, Mom sent, sounding rather collected herself, a sure sign she was ready to blow. My mother’s enthusiasm for life and emotion rarely hid behind anything which could only mean she was on the edge of her temper. It’s been confirmed. The wards are terminally tainted. That was terrible news. If they couldn’t be cleared, it meant tearing them down completely, starting again. Which might not sound like a big deal. Except, those wards had been built from the ground up and added to by each and every Monday witch who had ever been. Erasing them would take all the power my family had. Building them again? I couldn’t even imagine the years it would take. Leaving us vulnerable in the interim and likely at the mercy of the Academy for protection.
I held my breath thinking about how Isolde took that news.
Mom wasn’t done. We’ve been officially notified the Academy of Adepts plans to investigate and, if charges are warranted, we will be banished at the least.
And the worst? I knew better than to ask.
The fire, she sent as though that weren’t even an issue.
Mom. I swallowed past the sting of tears, the tightening in my throat. Someone has to be behind this.
We are of that mind as well, the Mother sent, before she retreated and Mom returned. Clearly, we have been targeted, that much is obvious. But finding out who had decided to attack our family may not be easily uncovered. This couldn’t be happening. We were one of the most revered families in the Academy. My mind spluttered over the audacity, the unbelievability of such an act while Mom paused. Are you still friends with Mirabelle Whitehall?
As a matter of fact. I leaned into the wall near the door, breathing through my mouth and staring at my boots to keep from running upstairs. As far as I know, I sent.
She’s named as the medical investigator, Mom sent. I need you to talk to her, Phoebe. Find out what evidence they have against us.
This is ridiculous, I sent back.
Clearly. Her calm helped, despite the fact I knew it meant trouble. Darling dear, just do as I ask, please. We’ll hold things together here. But I need you to stay out of it. Do you understand?
While my family was thrown under the bus by who knew what conspiracy? Because there was no way they’d even dabbled in blood rituals without me knowing it.
Despite the utter ridiculousness of it, I had to accept someone was trying to destroy us. Sure, maybe I was spending too much time in the company of cops, but I was positive if I laid out the real case to Morales and Sallow, to Coop? A set-up would be the first thing they’d suggest, too.
I won’t abandon you, Mom, I sent. I’ll go see Mirabelle right now.
Phoebe. That was my grandmother, the weight of her mind and the Crone’s in my head. You are to remain outside this, child. If our family is to survive, promise us you will do as you are asked. Only we three are named. It will stay that way.
BeeBee, please. Selene had to poke her nose in. I can bear anything if I know you’re safe.
How could they ask me to just let them go to the fire if it came to that?
I’m going to find out what happened, I sent then, shutting them all down. No way is anyone taking my family from me.
Be careful, my pet, Mom sent.
Stubborn bratness, Isolde sent. I have every faith in you.
Love you, Beebs. And then, the three were gone and I was alone in the entry, panting my growing anger and terror into the quiet of the downstairs darkness.
I would save them. Or die trying.
First things first. I’d known Mirabelle my whole life, and seeing her last night gave me a refreshed contact. Easy enough to exit the doorway into the cold evening and reach out to her, through the old connection, locating her, not at home, but the morgue.
Perfect.
The cab I hired dropped me at the hospital, the side doorway to the morgue easy enough to find. Though, the security guard just inside took notice at my entry, something I hadn’t considered.
“Hi,” I said, going for perky and confident. “I’m the sketch artist for Detectives Morales and Sallow. They asked me to compare what I drew to the body they brought in for the Monday case.” Bald-faced lying was not my forte, the slow blush creeping up my neck and across my chest about to turn me in when it hit my cheeks.
But this was for my family. No way was I going to let them down.
The guard just grunted, waving me on and, to my surprise and a release of hysterical giggles behind both mittened hands, I found myself hurrying down the hall on the other side of the swinging doors.
Easy enough to follow the faint trail to Mirabelle, stronger as I neared the end of the wide corridor. The powerful scent of disinfectant and death slowed my pace, until I stood a long moment at the swinging metal entry to the morgue. The two round, glass windows showed my target bending over a body on a stainless steel slab, bright lights shining on her dark corkscrew curls, making her deep mahogany skin glow. She looked up before I could enter, sensing me, I suppose, face almost obscured by the light shining on the clear plastic mask she wore.
There was a long moment of hesitation before she waved with one gloved hand for me to enter. I did, though the lingering taint of death gave me instant goosebumps. Sometimes I hated being a chicken.
“I suppose I should have expected you to show up.” Mirabelle pushed back the face shield, frown pulling her face into a disapproving and rather mature expression more suited to someone older than her. She was, after all, my age, only twenty-four, but somehow felt like my elder. “I can’t talk to you, Phoebe. Academy of Adepts orders.” She turned away from me again, looking down at the dead man on her slab. “You wasted a trip, I’m afraid. Now, if you don’t mind, I have work to do and evidence to collect for my superiors.”
“You sound like you’ve already decided my family is guilty.” There was a time I might have backed down and just left. I hadn’t expected her to embrace me with open arms, though we had been dear friends when we were girls together. But this almost accusatory tone of voice, the arrogance and judgment in the way she dismissed me? I wasn’t known for my temper, but I had one. And about as much judgment of my own to hand out when the time was right.
She looked up again, angry despite herself. The coldness she’d begun with wasn’t going to last, that was obvious. “Then how do you explain the evidence against them, Phoebe?” Mirabelle tossed her head, massive curls barely contained in the kerchief she wore. “Is this how your hearth has built their power? Many speculate, you know, how the Monday family manages to maintain such control over the wonderworks when none others are able.”
How dare she?
“Sounds like someone’s been eating sour grapes,” I snapped back. “Considering my family has held the wonderworks for centuries and this has never, ever been an issue, I would think we would be granted the benefit of the doubt instead of instant shame and accusation. Because, surely no one has a grudge against us or desire to claim the wonderworks for themselves.” That was it, wasn’t it? The thing I struggled to accept. That one of our own, or a group for all I knew, longed for possession of that which my family had been gifted by the Great Mother so long ago. “Nice to know you and all the other powers I know are that petty and jealous of the magic my family controls you’re willing to toss aside any thread of solidarity and, instead, decide we’re guilty.”
That got through to her, Mirabelle’s anger fading, faint guilt passing through the aura around her. If she knew she wasn’t in full control of herself, she’d have been horrified, though I kept her slip to myself.
“I just want to know what happened,” I said, taking a few steps forward, softening my tone. “My family is innocent, Mirabelle, and no matter what you or the others might think, I will not let them go to the fire if someone is deliberately trying to harm us.”
“I’m sorry.” She sagged a little, shaking her head. “Phoebe, I didn’t want to believe it, I swear. It’s just… I’ve felt the tainted wards. I was there this morning.”
“So was I,” I said, “and that’s the first time in my entire life I’ve felt what happened to our family’s protections. Whoever tampered with them did so to hurt us. I think you just gave us the why, didn’t you?” She flinched at that. “I’m going to find out who, Mirabelle, and I would appreciate at least a sliver of doubt in our favor. I think we’ve earned that.”
She set aside her face mask, nodded to me. “That’s fair,” she said, “though I’ll have to tell the Academy of Adepts I allowed you to see the body.”
“As is proper,” I said. “Both sides are required equal access to all evidence, especially in an accused crime this serious.” I knew that much, at least.
Mirabelle’s expression settled, as though I’d given her what she needed to confidently stand by her own decision. Made me angry, in a way. I had no idea she was such a coward, though I suppose standing up for others wasn’t a virtue for some.
I stepped in, looked down, ignoring her now as I examined the young man on the slab. She had, as yet, to cut into him, thankfully, his pale face in repose, whitened corneas staring at the ceiling. But, it was the scar on his lip that caught my breath, the tug of it that pulled his mouth askew that had me blinking in disbelief.
“I know this man,” I said. Shook my head when Mirabelle’s frown returned. “Not personally. He attacked a homeless guy, stole from him. I did a sketch of him for the police two days ago.” That triggered surprise on her face, in my own mind, despite the fact I’d already suggested this truth to Morales and Sallow. Hated I was right. Because it triggered a lot of unhappy questions around me and the power I wielded—controlled was by far the wrong word in my case. So, what was the thief doing in my house? Did he know of my connection to Unk Jay-Jay somehow? Had to have, since this was the homeless man’s attacker, no doubt. Okay, time for the hard question. Was this whole disaster my fault? Considering I’d been in the middle of a bad luck cycle, that was possible and literally broke my heart.
Fortunately for me, the scar wasn’t the only thing about him I discerned as the terror I’d led my family to disaster wormed its way into my soul. There was a flicker around him, like a faint shadow. His aura was gone, of course, though his spirit wasn’t here, either, making me wonder yet again where it had gone. The biggest ah-ha, however, came from seeing through the flicker. To the truth.
Someone had created a glamor, and a very good one, only visible to me, I suppose, because I was looking closely.
“Mirabelle,” I said, I leaned in closer, to be certain, and felt my second shock. “do you see that?” She shook her head, then inhaled with a breath of surprise, dark eyes huge. “Someone’s tampered with him,” I said.
She met my gaze with her own full of sudden doubt. “He’s not human,” she said. “He’s one of us.”
Which explained how he was able to break into our house. “So the supposition the wards killed him and stole his blood to feed the ritual is no longer valid,” I said. “Only human blood is viable for rituals, is that right?”
She nodded slowly. “And animal,” she said, “though the penalty for animal sacrifice is much smaller. What possible reason would someone have to disguise him as human? And,” Mirabelle spun away, pacing a bit, hands tucked behind her back as she scowled at the floor, mind clearly working, “why send him into your home the night of Yule, knowing you’d be out?”
“To set us up,” I said.
Mirabelle stopped, turned to me. Then rushed to hug me, cheek pressed to mine.
“Phoebe,” she whispered. “I’m so sorry.” When she let me go, her eyes had narrowed, full lips a thin line. “I’ll log all the evidence and send it to the Academy of Adepts,” she said. “Whatever else I find out, I’ll let you know, I promise. Despicable, this act against your family. I should have known better than to listen to the petty jealousies of others.”
At least I found an ally, one who could influence the outcome of the case against my family. “Thanks, Mirabelle,” I said. And left, my mind lit up with possibilities while that lingering anger remained, burning inside me.
I would find who tried to hurt my family, and why. And when I was done, they’d be the ones in the fire.
Sure, I might have been the least of us, but.
Don’t mess with a Monday.

***

Chapter Fifteen

I took a cab home despite Mom’s earlier orders to stay clear. Where else did I have to go? And besides, I needed to tell my family what was going on. The fact I was unable to reach them through magic generated a rush of worry that had me tossing concerns over my mother’s disapproval to the wind.
There was a brief moment, as my cab passed the precinct, I considered heading to the police station to talk to the detectives. Who, of course, wouldn’t be there after hours. I hesitated over calling Morales again, thought of Coop, discarded that idea, too. Was home and out of the cab, standing in our back alley, frozen in indecision and the chill of the evening, contemplating my next step before I could make a decision.
For all my bravado and smack talk? I was kind of at a loss for what to do next.
When I spotted the older woman pushing a baby carriage piled with junk standing near my dumpster, I paused. Realized as she stood there she was staring at me and, on impulse, hurried toward her. Only to have her spin and rush away, the wheels of her carriage squeaking as she went.
Easy enough to follow her. The fact she was clearly homeless couldn’t have been a coincidence, either. Did she know about my work with the police? Perhaps had something to tell me about Unk Jay-Jay and the other missing displaced? I sampled the air for the golden sparkles, caught a few traces of the kidnapper, but not enough to make me worry. If he was lurking around this woman, either he’d done so days ago or the bits and wisps I was seeing were merely coincidental.
My quarry moved surprisingly quickly for a hunched and elderly woman and it wasn’t until she stopped at last I was able to catch her.
The small vacant lot where she’d set up her cardboard box house seemed to be part of a group squat with a few dirty tents and other flimsy constructions serving as living quarters for the handful of homeless who watched me when I approached with flat and unwelcoming expressions. I did my best to look innocent, smiling and nodding at those who glared at my passing, and kept my focus on the old woman who finally turned to look up into my eyes.
Only then did she let me see who she really was and, with another jolt of shock—hadn’t I had enough for the last forty-eight hours?—I realized she wasn’t human.
“Where is your hearth?” Empathy flooded even the well of anger I clung to, as I reached for her with power and my hand.
She batted my touch away in both regards, the magic within her weak but viable. Deep wrinkles had taken over her face, the gap-toothed grin she shot me crinkling her pale eyes to near slits, deeply set into her round, apple face. The heavy scarf and jacket she wore draped her in similar shape, making her look round all over, the knitted hat on her head bobbing with a large pompom when she bowed her head to me.
“All gone now,” she said. “Only Mad Martie left.” She cackled a sad little laugh before holding up both hands, showing me the aura that remained to her, faintly pink and soft, the trace of a hearth based in water and fire, likely a minor family with healing abilities leaving her as the last heir. “Still got it,” she said, winking.
“You do.” I smiled at her while an ache took the place of everything that came before. How had one of ours ended up discarded so callously? She was a witch, no matter her hearth circumstance. Another family should have taken her in, were obligated, as far as I was concerned. The fact I kind of had a thing for saving people and animals and things wasn’t lost on me when I offered her my hand, slipping out of my mitten so she could see the rainbow of light that was my family’s power. “Well met and welcome, sister.”
She touched my palm with tentative hesitation, sighing when the magics connected a moment. “Monday,” she whispered, gaze soft.
I nodded then. “Yes,” I said. “My family.”
Mad Martie’s eyes snapped open wide. “Trouble comes,” she said. “Found you already.”
She could say that again. “Why were you waiting for me, Martie?”
Another cackle, in true witch fashion, those pale eyes twinkling when she leaned forward to pinch my cheek. “I take care of them,” she said, hands swiping left and right, encompassing the squat. “Heal them, tend their ills.” Her joy faded. “So little left, but I give what I have.” Her power glimmered, went dim. “My friends, they’re gone and I don’t know how to find them.”
So I was right. “I want to help,” I said. “I touched one of the kidnappers. He’s connected to me now.”
“Contagion,” she said, the word faintly muffled thanks to her missing teeth. “Clever, Monday girl.” Martie leaned closer then, the scent of her powerful enough I gagged just a little but refused to let her see or know. “Thieves of things,” she said, “and thieves of people. First their stuff,” she gestured at her carriage, “then their everything.” This time she pointed at her body. “And the wards I cast, gone, shattered.” Tears welled, trickled down the deep lines in her cheeks. “I can’t feel them anymore.” She finally covered her face in both hands, weeping softly, while my chest tightened in understanding.
Whoever was stealing from the homeless was using the theft as a chance to mark them. The kidnappings came after, though the connection to why was, as yet, to be uncovered. The fact the man who died in my house was both a thief/kidnapper and a masked witch? Led me down a road that felt a lot like the conspiracy I was considering ran deeper than trying to hurt my family.
Someone in our magical domain was conducting blood rituals to gain power, and they were using the homeless to do it.
Had my family somehow interfered with the process? Had one of us stumbled on the trail to the truth and the perpetrator decided we needed to be eliminated? That made me stop and accept my work with the police had led us here. Because it was a logical step from my uncovering of the young man who’d attacked Unk Jay-Jay leading to me ultimately discovering the fact he wasn’t human if he was caught which could, I supposed, interfere with or expose those who were draining humans for magic.
“No one will listen to me,” Martie said through her quiet crying. “No one, Monday girl. Will you listen?”
I nodded instantly, hugging her despite the stench. She was a person, one of my kind, a venerated elder who earned a happy and quiet retirement, not this sorry expulsion into the world to fend for herself. “I’ll find them,” I said. “I promise.”
Martie snuffled when I let her go, wiping at her running nose with the corner of her scarf. “Thank you,” she said. Met my eyes with her own piercingly focused. “But you can’t, not like this.”
What did she mean by that? “I’m doing my best.” Nice blow to the ego there.
Instead, she touched my cheek with one fingertip, expression intent, the power she possessed blossoming against my skin in a faint flutter of butterfly wings. “No truths,” she said, “until you break what holds you back.”
I actually did a double take. “I don’t know what you mean.”
Martie dropped her hand, shrugged as though I should. “Not sure who hates you that much,” she said, “but whoever it is…” her eyes widened then. “Girl, who put a curse on you?”
A.
What?
***

Chapter Sixteen

I’m positive if it was possible my chin would have hit the ground. “What did you say?” Even as I thought of the wards and the taint and groaned. “Did it follow me from home?”
I hadn’t been speaking to Martie, not really, more to myself, but she responded as if I had, shaking her head with great seriousness.
“You carry it,” she said, poking me in the chest. “Here. Shielding the best of you. And has been for a very long time.”
Okay, news to me. “I had no idea,” I said, faint panic rising now, my own hand rubbing my breastbone while I fought to keep my breathing even. “Any idea the source?”
She sighed then, sagging. “Not enough of it left,” she said, showing me her hands again, the faint pool of her remaining power. Martie’s eyes narrowed, then. “Mondays curse their own children?”
No way. “Impossible,” I said. “Are you certain it’s a curse?” I didn’t feel anything, not a whisper. In fact, I felt exactly as I always had.
The old witch was clearly a little cracked. Could she be imagining it?
Except, when Martie touched me again, one last time, I felt it at last, the buzzing hum of the edges of the curse, surrounding me like a faint fog so amorphous and transparent it barely registered. Not strong, or unbreakable or even threatening. In fact, it registered as so subtle I could hardly believe it was there. But it was, and when I followed it within I found it, deeply embedded inside me, anchored to the power within, to the ability I had to trigger good luck in others.
Wound tight and whispering its unease through who I was.
“There,” Martie said. “You see?”
I did, terror and panic now seeking control. “I don’t understand.” I had to talk to my family. Was this tied to what was happening?
Dear Great Mother, could I be the source of the taint?
“Its focus is ruin and death,” Martie said. “I cannot break it. Only they who cast the curse have that power. You might, for a time, control it, but it has been with you for so long, has become part of you. Seek the caster to remove the curse.”
She shook her head then, backed away from me while everything inside me screamed to attack the hidden controls, to scrub away what was done to me, to shatter and burn it to the ground.
I forgot why I was there, turned and ran all the way home, panting and desperate and pausing to throw up beside the dumpster on the way to the side door when my stomach finally rebelled utterly. I don’t remember going inside, falling to my knees in the kitchen. I only knew I needed my family, my hearth, and that if they didn’t do something to cleanse me I was going to lose my mind.
They were there, instantly, my inability to reach them earlier forgotten, the contact of our family’s power renewed the moment I entered the kitchen where they sat together. I didn’t speak, instead pouring out to them in image and terror what I’d been told, what was uncovered. By the time Mom, Isolde and Selene tackled me and, just past the shock of what I revealed, poured their power over me to break the curse, I was in better control of my panic. In fact, just being home, being in their company, having them circle me and take over gave me courage, buoyed my spirit, lifted my heart even as, time and again, attack after summoning after spell casting, they failed.
Utterly.
“At least I know none of you cursed me,” I said in the most calm voice I’d ever heard from my own lips. I even managed a little smile while Mom sank back against the cupboards, Isolde panting, furious, Selene cross legged and weeping across from me.
“Tell us everything,” my grandmother said.
Not that it helped, though Mom muttered something that sounded like she was casting her own curse on someone under her breath, scowling at the mention of Mad Martie.
“I’ll see to it,” she said. “How repugnant, to make one such as her outcast. Continue.”
Not just me, then. No, but the brilliant, beautiful and incredible women who I called family.
“I’m positive the kidnappings are tied to this somehow,” I said, already confessing my fears about working with the police might have triggered the attack on our family. “Mirabelle should have enough to clear us, or at least raise doubt as to guilt and suspicions of conspiracy.” They looked relieved enough at that. “But we still don’t know so many things.”
“Now that we have evidence of wrongdoing aimed at our hearth,” Mom said, climbing to her feet and helping me rise, Selene doing the same for Isolde, “I can convince the Academy of Adepts to back off.”
“Idiots,” Isolde muttered.
“Indeed,” Mom said. “In the meantime, Phoebe, my darling dear, we will find out what has happened to you and why.” She hugged me against her, enveloping me with her body and her spirit, the scents of the kitchen’s most delicious ingredients her personal perfume. “Whatever has been done to you will be undone.”
Which meant, for the time being, I was stuck with the curse.
Suddenly exhausted, I went to bed, though it took a long time to be able to sleep.
A visit from Selene did the trick, though, as she stroked my cheek, her power softening the edges of wakefulness, she sighed. “I know you blame yourself.”
She would not make me cry. “If I’d just not used my power.” Would any of this have happened?
Selene kissed my cheek. “We may not have uncovered the taint in our wards until there was no salvation for us,” she said then, firmly, the Maiden assisting in my comfort, “and your curse would never have been uncovered.” My sister was good at having solid points of argument against my self-recrimination. “Now, sleep, silly thing. And keep in mind, my beloved sister, you are, at times, far too kind. Not everyone deserves good luck, you know.”
I almost protested. I’d never given anyone the opposite before. Found the idea repugnant. And yet. If it came down to saving my family and living with the consequences?
I knew what I’d choose.
Sleep came then, though, despite her ministrations, my dreams were haunted by nightmares of a thin, shadowed cloud chasing me and devouring me. If I jerked awake once I did it a dozen times, finally blinking, disoriented and disheveled, into the early morning light.
One bright light, Jinks lay curled up next to me, muttering to himself while he chased something in his dreams. I stroked his thick, layered fur, nuzzling the soft place between his eyebrows, smiling at his enthusiastic game despite his slumber.
I felt him wake, eyes snapping open, bright, black points full of mischief. He chattered as he rolled over on his back, inviting belly rubs, thick, plush tail thrashing in excitement.
“Where’s my gift, Jinks?” Like he’d ever tell me.
He warbled something at me before leaping from the bed and dashing out of my room, a flash of red and white and black gone in an instant. It was only then the scent of cinnamon and syrup reached me, bacon a close companion, breakfast being served a floor down.
When I rose to make my bed, something tumbled to the floor and I caught myself sighing and eye rolling over the small rune stone Silas gave me, now heartily chewed by tiny fox teeth. Well, the thing hadn’t worked anyway, had it? A very lucky toss aimed at my trash can ended in a slam dunk.
I could only hope it was a harbinger for how my day was about to go.
My phone buzzed as I brushed my teeth and I paused a moment to check the source of the text.
Wanted to make sure you’re doing okay, Coop sent. Thinking about you.
I finished brushing before responding, thinking through what to say and settling on simple. I’m okay, I lied. Since I’d just found out my family was a target for some cruel conspiracy involving homeless humans and that I’d been carrying around a curse for years. Needed to tell him how I felt and chickened out because this was exactly the sort of thing that kept me from including a human in my life. What possible defense would he have against my kind in times of danger? Me? Yeah, he’d be better off with a girlfriend like him, as sad as that made me. I focused on the case, let that take over instead. Have any other people gone missing?
His reply came while I zipped up my jeans, tucking the front of my t-shirt into the waistband. Another attack, he sent. This one pretty awful. Poor old woman in the hospital.
My heart stopped. Like, no beats for so long it hurt when it started up again. Felt like forever, was probably about a half a second. Didn’t matter.
I knew who the woman was, didn’t I?
Mad Martie, I sent.
I could almost see his surprise through the text. How’d you know?
Is she okay? I hurried down the stairs, all thoughts of Mom’s breakfast forgotten.
Unconscious, he sent. And no one else is talking.
Of course not. But they could remain silent all they wanted. I didn’t need words or untruths or attempts on my family’s honor. I now had proof everything was tied together. No way the attack on the old witch was a coincidence, not so soon after I’d spoken to her. Someone was watching me, or her or both. Which put me in the middle of the whole kit and kaboodle.
Now to uncover why.
And who was behind it. Then, maybe we’d see if Selene was right about who deserved good luck and who didn’t.

***

Chapter Seventeen

The house shook beneath me so suddenly I actually gasped at the feeling, the barrage of arrivals—clearly a threat if the wards reacted the way they did despite the taint that refused to be cleansed from our family power. All thoughts of Mad Martie were forgotten as I hurtled down the stairs and to the kitchen where, stunned into stillness, I stared at the assembly of six stern-faced and black robed inquisitors standing in the sunny space. While Mom’s favorite domain was large under normal conditions, having so many people uncomfortably crowded into the kitchen, a few with chagrin on their faces as they brushed flour from their persons and one batted at a puff of smoke where her cloak had come too close to the open flame on the gas stove, made the bright and white room feel oppressive.
Served the inquisitor right, singing herself, barging in here like that. Would have been amusing if the situation wasn’t so serious.
Silas appeared a moment later and, for reasons unknown, brought Elias with him. I dodged the younger Gael when he instantly circled the crowd, heading my way, tucking in behind Selene to avoid contact. I didn’t need his help and certainly wasn’t interested in whatever he thought his attention would gain him, thanks.
Except, as the head inquisitor unfurled a parchment—the official document sparking in red to match the interior of his cloak—Elias made it to my side as if by magic while the inquisitor spoke.
“By the word of law of the Academy of Adepts,” he said in a booming voice that was really freaking unnecessary, thanks, “we hereby formally accuse the witches Monday of blood ritual magic and shall begin our official investigation forthwith.”
Now, I wasn’t one to speak up typically. That was my mother’s job, one she was very good at. Despite that truth, I found myself pushing past Selene and confronting the tall, skinny inquisitor with anger making my heart pound.
“So the report presented to you by Mirabelle Whitehall means nothing?” He glared down at me while I planted my fists on my hips, shaking with the need to smack him for his arrogance. Where this sudden surge of bravery came from I had no idea, except that this was my family we were talking about and I was not going down without a fight.
“Insufficient as deemed by the Academy of Adepts,” he said in the snobbiest tone I’d ever heard while looking down at me from his superior height and apparent assumed station while my power surged inside me.
Wanting out.
“Despite the fact,” I wasn’t backing down, astonishing myself and, from the faint grin on Isolde’s face, my grandmother, “there is evidence someone disguised one of us as a human? And the very same magic user,” I turned to look each of the other five inquisitors in the face before turning back to him, “who is tied to the kidnappings of homeless humans, likely the very source of the blood rituals you claim we’re part of?”
That raised a few gasps of surprise, though the head inquisitor didn’t seem all that concerned. His fellows might, for the most part, have had a shift in attitude—many now with doubt and worry on their faces—but he remained stoically locked into idiocy.
“All will be revealed during the investigation.” He snapped the parchment shut, the sheet rolling back into its curve with a whoosh of air.
“This is an outrage.” Silas spoke up, but it was Mom who stepped forward, staring the tall inquisitor down.
“The Monday hearth has done nothing wrong,” she said, the steady and confident Mother showing in her. “We welcome your investigation, Inquisitor Fallview.” Mom knew this jerkface? From the tightening of his already thin lips and the way he seemed to view her with distaste, they had to have history. So, was this a personal vendetta? Just what we needed. Did I need to add him to the suspect list? Yup, too much time at the police department, and yet, hard not to consider that an option. “We are assured, I assume, of unbiased treatment?” There was just enough sarcasm in her voice I knew I’d guessed right.
“You will be questioned and your guilt decided,” he snapped, his opinion already cemented, and everyone in the room knew it.
Just freaking great.
I backed off as the inquisitors separated my family, taking Selene out of the room, trying to escort Isolde by a hand on her arm which she rejected in her most haughty and disdainful fashion that had the young female inquisitor almost apologizing. Mom swept from the kitchen like the queen she was, Fallview on her heels, Silas following while I was ignored by the gathering.
So, they were only here for the threesome that was the wonderworking of the Maiden, Mother and Crone. Instantly suspect and raised my hackles. Now convinced of a conspiracy, I knew I had to find proof, no matter what it took, and uncover who was trying to take out my family.
When I turned to leave, I almost ran headlong into Elias Gael who, it seemed, had been waiting behind me for a moment alone. He caught me with both hands, staring down at me with those icy blue eyes, trying a smile that only triggered my dislike. The physical contact gave me the willies, goosebumps rising. Again with the familiarity of him, as odd feeling as it had been from the night we met. Why did he feel like I’d known him forever? Couldn’t be natural and, when I pulled free, a few faint golden sparks from his hands told me he’d tried magic on me.
More than enough reason to doubt his intentions and confirm my own suspicions he had motives I simply wasn’t interested in.
“My uncle will take care of everything,” he said like he really believed it.
“My family,” I shot back, “is innocent and the truth will out. Now, if you’ll excuse me.” I tried to walk past him, felt his hand on my arm again. That same tingle of rejection from my own magic whispered he hadn’t let up on the influencing me with power department. Something he’d regret if he tried it again.
“I hope so,” he said. “For your sake.”
While his words and attitude, that sad smile, those wide eyes, the sympathy in his voice all bespoke an attempt at comfort and kindness, everything in me rejected him so powerfully I actually wiped at my arm where he’d touched me, where the yellow flickers of magic danced a moment between us.
He frowned, just a flash of one, just for a moment, but enough it showed in his eyes. The truth of him, the manipulation he attempted, a weak and pathetic attempt. Did he think me that out of touch with my own magic he could just bulldoze me over and play the fake protector? Clearly, that was the case.
Way to underestimate me, jackass.
“Elias.” Silas poked his nose into the kitchen, looking back and forth between us. Was that a moment of irritation? Was the uncle as frustrated and annoyed by the nephew as I was? “To me.”
The younger Gael left me with a reluctant flash of rebellion in his icy eyes, and for the first time, I caught a real glimpse of the man inside. So pretty, wasn’t he, his shell that perfect form of strength and facial features and height. All hiding a rotten soul within.
Silas waited for Elias to leave before shrugging to me, his own face sad. “I’m so sorry, my dear,” he said. “I’ll do what I can.”
“Thank you,” I said. Fell silent. Waited for him to leave. Which he did, finally, clearly at a loss for words.
Which was fine by me. I was tired of talking.
Time for doing.
I snuck out of the house, and though no one seemed inclined to stop me, I still had an uncomfortable moment at the side door when one of the inquisitors decided to block the exit.
Maybe I should have felt badly for what I did next, but I found it hard to muster any kind of regret for the actions I took. After all, the policing arm of the Academy of Adepts knew they were here under false pretenses so if they decided to continue the farce, they were fair game.
At least, that was the excuse I clung to while gritting my teeth, hearing Selene’s voice in my head, and approached him on foot while nudging him just the barest bit with bad luck.
Relieved I didn’t burst instantly into flames for the imagined transgression against my own power. Actually felt the boost in my energy when my magic softly shooed him into a new path in an effortless shuffle that left me sighing softly that the magic inside me, at least, had zero qualms acting in that manner.
I wasn’t sure what might happen since I was usually the one suffering from the effects of my ability, I was delighted when he was summoned in a loud voice by Inquisitor Fallview just as I rounded the corner toward the door.
His bad luck paired with a dose of good on my side and I was free, grabbing my coat and boots on the way by, shivering in the cold while I dressed once outside just in case.
It had only been a nudge, so he might notice a bit of a downward spiral the next twenty-four hours, but nothing that would make my interference stand out. I hoped. As for my reversal of fortunes, I’d take all the luck I could get.
Hard not to feel a little guilty for leaving my family to deal with the inquisitors, huddling inside my coat and hat, mittened hands stuffed in my pockets, kicking at snow with my boots while I tried to think of what to do next. I paused at the corner, thinking things through. While human evidence might not be the answer, what Morales and Sallow dug up could help guide me in the right direction. I considered calling Coop, but I really didn’t want to include him in the mess any further.
Step one, however, was closer than I thought. I retraced my steps to the shantytown where I’d spoken to Mad Martie. If she had been attacked by the same man I’d come in contact with, there should be evidence of his presence.
The moment the empty lot was in sight, I saw them, the floating golden sparks the contagion spell left behind. I was almost bouncing as I rushed to Martie’s cardboard house, the collection of wisps leading to her space and then out the back, where they gathered near the street before thinning out.
He'd been here, beat the poor old witch unconscious, but left her behind. Likely because she was one of us. He had to be, too. Something I hadn’t thought of before, not until that moment. Luck or my mind finally catching up with me? Whatever the case, I whispered a spell of binding, feeling the power of the kidnapper snap into focus, made all the easier thanks to the original contact.
I followed the floating sparks, whispering to them inside the binding. Another simple incantation that required little power, but delivered as I stepped onto the next street and watched the wafting parade of golden particles dancing their dreamy residue in a perfect trail to follow.
I wasn’t surprised they led me back to the seemingly abandoned building, nor that they pooled once again outside. This time, however, I realized why it was they seemed to go nowhere from there.
Hadn’t thought to check if the building was warded, had I? Because I had no idea the kidnapper was one of us. But, with that information in hand and the energized connection boosting the signal? Impossible to miss the wall of protection encircling the building.
My luck held, apparently, because the moment I stopped to examine the wards, barely breathing my own power across them, the sort of echo location thrumming against the barrier, a van pulled up. Which sent me tucking around the corner, peeking out enough to see but, hopefully with the luck I had humming around me, not be seen.
Two men got out.
And headed inside.
This time, however, they weren’t wearing masks and while I didn’t know the taller driver, the other was oh, so familiar when he paused at the door and looked back, like he sensed someone was watching him.
Because I was. And Elias Gael had a lot of explaining to do.

***

Chapter Eighteen

Of course it was him. I almost kicked myself for not making the connection earlier. The familiarity of him wasn’t from his power trying to subvert mine, the gold sparks when he touched me triggered by the law of contagion. I hadn’t been using my inner sight on him, however, so I’d only caught a few. If I’d just thought to examine him more closely, I could have exposed him at the house.
The two disappeared inside the building, wards sealing around them. Which put me at an impasse. I could go inside, break past the protections, but alert them in the process. Mind you, I did have enhanced luck on my side at the moment, but I wasn’t counting on that to keep me safe from two magic users who clearly didn’t care who they hurt. Besides, I had very little by way of battle magic, had never tested well in offensive magicks. All I really had were small castings, little bits and pieces of spell work most of our kind could access. Sketching memories didn’t count, as far as I could tell.
That left my synchromysticism. I couldn’t help but think about the curse I carried, shivering inside my jacket, nothing to do with the cold. Was I capable of more? So hard to know past the shadowy veil that I now felt almost continually since Martie uncovered it for me. The need to take a shower would do nothing to cleanse it, however, and I could do nothing about it anyway until I found out who cast it in the first place. That meant pulling up my big witch bloomers and focusing on what I could do, not what I couldn’t.
Even as the front door opened again and Elias exited, now dressed in a hoody and jacket, the hood pulled up, sneakers and jeans that innocuous uniform I was now so familiar with. Especially when he pulled a ski mask out of his pocket while striding across the street.
Heading my way.
I meeped just a bit when I made the connection I really should hide or something and had enough luck to duck into a half-open doorway. He didn’t even glance my way, hurrying back the way I’d come. For the shantytown and the residents there?
Over my cold and frozen body.
It felt weird to trail him, unnatural to follow, like I found myself in some kind of bad Hollywood TV show where the idiot heroine decided to play private eye and ended up having to be saved by the handsome hero. Except, this idiot heroine was on her own and it was highly unlikely—a stretch even for the good luck I’d created—I’d have anyone ride to my rescue.
That meant, whatever was going to happen, whatever I was going to do to make Elias admit what he’d been up to, it was all up to me.
I must have discarded half a dozen plans of action—including a ridiculous and desperate fantasy involving roundhouse kicking him into submission though I had zero experience with martial arts but was oddly satisfying and had me grinning—by the time he turned the last corner and paused to observe the shanty. I stopped myself, positive he was going to find me, spot me, a bundle of nerves and excitement, if I was going to be honest, while all thoughts of what I might do next vanished in a wash of what the heck was I thinking, anyway.
Even as a small woman in a tattered coat emerged from her cardboard shack and ducked behind it.
Elias was moving so suddenly I had to run to catch up, was donning the ski mask as he passed the sidewalk to the empty lot. Part of me had to admire in a breathless kind of holy crap the sheer audacity of his full-daylight plan of attack. When he followed the woman, face shielded but identity impossible to hide from me, disappearing behind the pile of boxes, I sped up, not thinking or planning or even breathing as I plunged into the shadows after him.
And stumbled over him dragging the woman to the ground, one hand over her mouth to silence her screams and the other around her throat.
Time stood still and the only thing that flashed through my mind propelled me to act. Selene, stroking my hair back from my face, lying on my bed, just last night.
Not everyone deserves good luck.
We were already connected, Elias and myself. It was simple enough to lunge forward and touch him, strengthen the moment, cinch in the bond, past his personal protections he clearly hadn’t expected to need, as his head turned and those blue eyes stared, wide and shocked, into mine.
At the exact moment I spoke. “Bad boy,” I whispered, digging deep, following the darkest path, the deepest fall into despair and destruction, pushing his entire being sideways into the darkness I saw for him. For the first time, I embraced what I could do fully, without restriction and, in that moment, felt everything I was fall away.
No emotion or judgement, zero regret and guilt, no thought for the outcome crossed my mind as the power within me shifted his entire life from the blessed path he’d been walking—powered, clearly, by blood ritual magic—to the ruin that was now his fate.
How remarkable to accept what I could do. I’d always held it in check, no idea just how much of it was truly available to me. My power burbled, remorseless in the surge of power that passed between us. I almost pulled back at the last moment, a part of me regaining myself, fighting the purity of choice, while the uncomfortable edge of the curse made itself known, capping off the access I’d just learned I had.
It wanted me to stop. Put itself between me and Elias. And only then did I realize why.
The surge that recognized him revealed its truth and I understood, even past the contagion spell, the binding, that he felt so familiar for a reason.
All the way to the curse I carried.
He’d had a chance at my pity, but lost it when the curse wailed its revelation. Which only made me push harder. Unleashing the kind of energy I’d never had the need—or, frankly, the courage—to use before.
The worst luck ever latched onto Elias Gael and embedded itself so deeply inside him I knew this was no twenty-four hour stint. He’d carry the repercussions of my attack for the rest of his life.
Wasn’t sorry.
Elias collapsed clutching his head, black passing over those icy eyes, hands scrabbling to pull free the ski mask covering his face. The woman he’d attacked ran, leaving me there with him, but I didn’t mind.
Could barely muster a whisper of anything past the giant surge of HECKEN YESSAH that lifted me in a wave of such delicious vibration I laughed out loud.
Dear. Great. Mother.
Yes.
But, wait.
Answers were important and I would not let death take him just yet.
The curse lingered between us, the connections I’d made, enough I felt the swelling aneurysm growing in his brain, saw the imminent end it would mean, and pivoted.
Had no idea I could, acted on impulse. Guided him away from that ultimate end while he screamed in agony, down a different path, hauling his power and his fate, kicking and shrieking, to the next worse thing. Then the next, when death was again his end, until I jerked him, unable to fight me further, into a satisfying thread of destiny that made me smile.
I hoped he saw that expression, because it satisfied me to no end to see what awaited him.
“You’re welcome,” I said. “I could have let you die. Instead, enjoy where your evil is taking you.” I turned my power’s back on him at last, the sight of the cell he would occupy the rest of his life—yes, I could have let him burn, but this was way better—devolving him into madness before too long.
Only then did my power let him go.
Elias sobbed, hunched over on his knees, curling protectively around himself while I stood over him and felt my will return, my emotions kick-starting into who I’d been raised to be while my power, humming happily, retreated to simmer in its delight at being let loose at last.
Okay, so a bit of guilt. How about a lot?
“You’re kidnapping homeless humans for blood rituals.” I let that sink into him a moment while he struggled to sit up, still weeping, face contorted into horror and despair.
“What did you do to me?” He rocked where he crouched, a broken and terrified animal, no longer handsome, no longer a danger to me or anyone. I’d seen to that.
No guilt, Phoebe.
“I gave you the fate you deserve,” I said, “for what you’ve done. I just don’t get why. Why steal from them first?”
Elias shuddered, staring at his hands, then up at me, pale, so pale. “We had to be sure they were free of magic,” he said. “Some humans have traces inside them. Stealing their stuff first made it easy to check, and humanity’s trash rarely report to the police.” Was he trying to piss me off further? “If they passed, we took them.” The law of contagion at work again, huh? Clever and awful at the same time.
“Who are you working with?” Keep talking, buster. “Because there’s no way you came up with this yourself.” Oh, a horrible, truly awful, thought crossed my mind then, but my phone rang, pulling me out of the panicked understanding, drawing me instead to answer.
“Phoebe,” Mirabelle said. “I found something inside the body.” She sounded excited, happy. “It’s the same taint as your wards. I told the inquisitors, and they admitted they found the same thing in the house.” Ah, happy luck. “I thought you’d want to know, your family has been cleared.”
“Thank you,” I said, that fluttering despair in the back of my throat making it hard to speak. “Can you tell me what it is?”
“I sent you a photo,” she said. “I’m sorry, Phoebe. Really sorry. I’ll never doubt your family again.” She hung up then, my phone vibrating with the arrival of the image.
I didn’t have to look at it, already knew what I’d see.
Still checked because sometimes watching a train wreck is the only option.
And knew, didn’t I? Knew exactly who led the young druid down this path. The same person who created the curse, tied it to Elias, because it was clear now that I had contact with it, with him, my sparkling luck shedding light where only shadows had been, that Elias was the keystone, but not the source.
He’d been used to anchor the curse to me, tied into another magic user. To hide it from me, so the source remained undetectable. That was the only explanation that made sense. The fact Elias had finally come into my life could only mean one thing.
The curse, reinforced over and over again, across the years, through the guise of trying to help me with the repercussions of my power, only with the opposite intent had now come to some kind of fruition and the caster was ready to act. Why else would my old family friend expose me to what he’d done?
Didn’t matter, not really. The blow of the betrayal was enough to keep my attention for the moment. While I decided to do something about it.

***

Chapter Nineteen

Elias looked up at me then, blue eyes no longer bright, rather a dulled out gray now. The creep had used magic to enhance his features, his face lacking that glowing handsomeness he’d worn, settling into plain and rather ordinary. Which made me wonder. About others in the Academy of Adepts and just how deeply this whole mess ran.
No time for that, not when Elias was speaking.
“He forced me to,” he said, deep voice now a whining irritation, a mosquito’s humming in my ear only worthy of swatting. “When I was a boy, he forced me to carry your curse.”
“Why?” I’d known Silas my whole life. He was a dedicated and kindly friend to my family. Except, apparently, he wasn’t.
“Your power.” Elias curved inward on himself again, hugging his arms around his torso, still weeping. “Something to do with your birth. He never said, only that you weren’t meant to be. He said the only way to control you was to make sure your magic was tied down, but you couldn’t know, not until he was ready to act. So he had to carry the curse for you.” His sobbing ended suddenly, eyes slitted, cornered beast ready to attack. “He said he would reward me, but he lied.” Sorry, no sympathy here. “He’s always hated you,” he said, “and your family.” Elias spit on the ground, though when he did his lower lip cracked in the cold, blood trickling from the tear, the wad hitting his knee instead of the pavement. Bad luck in action. “When he found out you were investigating the missing homeless, sketching for the police, he knew it was only a matter of time before you uncovered the truth. He’d always kept me away from you, but when he chose to make his move on your family, it was time for us to meet.”
“He thought the familiar power would connect us and distract me,” I said. Made sense.
“More than that,” Elias said. “He planned let go of the anchor and release the full curse. Free me. Except it backfired.” His face contorted. “I don’t know why.”
I did. “Bad luck,” I said. And laughed.
Before reaching out to Mom.
Contemplated waiting for the inquisitors like she asked.
Decided to trust my luck—that bright and shining luck burning inside me that surely meant nothing could go wrong—because one way or another, Silas would get what was coming to him.
I felt them arrive when I was crossing the street, ignored their presence and continued on as if floating on air. Amazing how great I felt despite everything, how I caught the perfect gap in the traffic, that the sidewalk had just been scraped and salted, that the sun came out and warmed up the day. Even how pedestrians just seemed to melt out of my path, the way I caught every green light at the exact moment I needed it. Subtle things, and mere cast off from the truly epic awesomeness I felt bubbling inside of me.
Today, if I so chose, I could accomplish anything.
The wards of the abandoned building were no match for my power, shimmering as I passed them, naturally recognizing the curse I still carried and accepting me as Elias or, at least, a part of the power that created it. I could get used to this, really, while I didn’t even pause at the doorway, treading on soft boots through the dusty front of the open space, the sound of voices up ahead drawing me on.
Droning voices, one of them familiar enough I knew everything I’d uncovered was true, the other inconsequential.
A set of stairs at the back of the building carried me down into the dark, toward the voice I knew so well. While power thrummed around me, still unconcerned, wasn’t it, thanks to luck and the fact he’d cursed me when I was a child.
I could have called on Mom and Isolde, Selene and Mirabelle. Asked the Academy of Adepts to help me, requested inquisitors to save the day. Absolutely within my rights and seeing as Elias was in their custody, my family cleared, and the truth of the darkness I approached now impossible to hide, I could have stepped back and let justice prevail.
Except, I had no idea, did I, just how deep the rot ran and, in this enhanced state of excellent luck I’d created for myself, I was just the person to ensure Silas Gael got what was coming to him.
Mom, I sent as I touched down on the basement floor, flickering firelight up ahead luring me as much as the droning of the druid’s deep voice. Send inquisitors here. I let her feel where I was. In about ten minutes.
Phoebe, sweetheart, she sent. Paused as she sampled my power through our connection. Laughed. Ten minutes.
I truly loved my mother.
A door at the far end of the corridor I found myself in stood partly open, the flame’s flickering and Silas’s words coming from within. I didn’t stop, letting momentum carry me into the small room, though I finally paused, the knowing of what he was doing no real preparation for the actual truth.
A young man, his body dirty and hair matted, had been fixed to a stone altar, his hands and feet bound with power, the runes of druid earth magic linking him to the dull, gray rock as though he was part of it. He fought soundlessly, those same runes covering his gaping mouth, the scream trapped behind the power that held him written across his scarlet face, in his bulging eyes, naked body but for a loincloth tied around his waist writhing as magic carved slow, circular trails and etched precise, burning lines into his flesh.
I couldn’t look up for the longest time, my entire being taking in the horrible unfolding of the blood ritual. Only when the tall, black robed spell caster stepped around the cursed shrine did I glance away, motion taking my attention as a mercy.
Silas hadn’t noticed me yet, still droned his powerful call, the visible siphoning of the young man’s essence climbing from the smoking etchings, inhaled into the druid’s nostrils and past his lips while he intoned his spell. Only my luck kept me safe, I was sure of that, because now that I had broken free of the horrible sight before me, I realized I’d come to a halt one pace behind the tall, young man Silas recruited, the one I’d seen driving the van and at Elias’s side.
My power demanded action and, before the druid could finish, I would end this. Inhaled slowly, let the synchromysticism take over. Felt it rush over the young man beside me, his path to darkness so clear I only had to tip him over into it, forget him, he was toast. While the bulk of the power hit Silas Gael full in the chest.
Nothing happened. Wait, what? The attack collapsed in a bitter sigh of failure when the old druid looked up and met my eyes.
“Phoebe,” he said as though he’d been expecting me, the sizzling magical runes pausing in their advancement, the young man on the slab falling still as the pain stopped for the moment. “How remarkable. I hadn’t thought you could make it this far. I should never have trusted Elias to deal with you.” He gestured at me, the door slamming shut in my wake. Why hadn’t it worked? I swallowed, realizing I’d likely just stepped into the fire with the kind of arrogance I hadn’t earned when he spoke again, soft smile no longer the kind one I remembered, but tainted.
By the curse he built for me.
“You have no idea the time I’ve spent on you,” he said, so casual, so confident, hands waving over the young man before him. At least I didn’t have the other druid to worry about. He’d fallen to the floor, gibbering at his hands like he’d never seen them before. The path I’d sent him down led to madness and I would not relent. Neither, it seemed, would Silas. “All the power I put into making sure you never, ever had access to what lives inside you.”
The curse, the hesitation I had using my power. All from Silas? I almost lost it, reined in my anger, my fury, wanting to weep and scream while the luck that held me in its amazing embrace kept me together. “Afraid of me or something?” I couldn’t stand still any longer, slowly circled the makeshift altar, needing at least some outlet for the rage inside me. Rage aimed at him that had nowhere to go. “You should be.”
Silas chuckled, shook his head. “As long as the curse I created exists, your power remains contained.” Was that a frown on his face, a moment of confusion. “What have you done to Elias?”
Didn’t see that coming, did he? “Only set him on the path he deserved,” I said, that moment of bravado fed by Silas’s confusion and anger. “Any last words before I do the same to you?”
Meaningless, because I’d already thrown everything I had at him. Failed.
The curse. How could I break it?
Silas’s expression stilled. “You’ve called the inquisitors,” he said. Shrugged. “No matter. They will arrive and discover I’ve caught you at your dark work. That you are the source of the Monday taint. And, when you are gone, I will find a new way to control the wonderworking your family has hoarded all these centuries.”
As if it would ever answer to him. “All those times you said you were trying to help me,” I shot at him, coming to a halt at the head of the altar, the young homeless man’s eyes turned up to me with hope and terror. “You were reinforcing the curse.”
“Indeed.” Silas sounded bored by the conversation. “That fool, Niall Shermer, wasn’t supposed to enter the house. He was merely meant to leave the new runestone at the door for you to find. Instead, he was caught in the very wards I’d been tainting to bring you low.” He sighed then, rubbed at his tall forehead with one long-fingered hand. “So hard to find good help these days. Even my own nephew is a terrible disappointment.” Silas’s smile had a decidedly evil twist to it. How had I missed his duplicity? The curse, of course. “Though, I suppose it was your ill luck that led to Shermer’s death. Did you know your arrival coincided with his?”
I hadn’t, though the soft punch of something I’d felt when I’d landed reminded me Silas had to be right. That weird impact I’d felt when I’d passed the wards and touched down on the roof triggered the ward’s protection of me and, in doing so, ended the young man’s life. But only because he bore me and the family ill will. Bad luck for both of us. “You took his spirit.” It was the only explanation for where it had gone.
“Naturally,” Silas said. “I owned him. And so, his spirit came to me the instant of his death.” He sighed, as though burdened by the young man’s death instead of regretful. “You know, I should thank you for freeing me of the task that has been caring for my dead sister’s child once and for all.” He really was a horrible person and I had some serious soul-searching to do because I’d believed otherwise all this time.
My badguydar was busted, apparently, if I didn’t blame the curse.
“You’re welcome,” I said. “Too bad your plan failed and you’re about to be arrested for blood ritual magic and murder. No one will believe this is me. Not in the state of luck I’m carrying.” So there.
Silas’s lack of concern registered, even through my adrenaline rush.
“We shall see,” he said. “Though perhaps you overestimate the regard in which your family is held and underestimate the power I wield. No matter.” He inhaled and whispered over the young man, the fire inside the etching starting up again. “I’ll be done here momentarily, and then we will see what the curse I’ve nurtured for so long can really do.”
“What do you mean?” Okay, time to panic.
Silas paused, thick brows arching. “You really think I would invest all this time into you, into having what I’ve always wanted, only to fail?” He tsked softly. “The curse you bear feeds the wards your family built so many years ago and has for as long as I have controlled you. When the time comes, I will simply drain the wonderworking from your family through you and that, my dear, will be the end of the Monday witches.”
Just like that. So casual, so callous.
And there was nothing I could do about it.
Or was there?
I reached for Mom, couldn’t find her. Even as connections clicked inside my head and the only option I had left made me wince before acting.
Drawing into me the power I’d dreaded my whole life, only so very recently learned to embrace, knowing I was about to have a very, very bad day. Not caring if it worked and saved my family.
Because Silas’s plan had failed, hadn’t it? Thanks to my bad luck.
Which was why, as he finished his ritual, ignoring me, choosing to see me as a means to an end, I focused completely on him. On the curse tying us together, the link visible now, only because I knew it was there. Jerked free the end still embedded in Elias on the street above, took it firmly in my magical grasp, felt the end snap back where it belonged all along. To Silas. While he shuddered, gaped at me. Even as I sent him, in a giant push down a sparkly path I drew close to us both, down the very best and shiniest and brightest string of happy happenstance and BEST LUCK EVER I could muster.
There was a reason trying to give him bad luck didn’t work. The same reason the opposite sent him, screaming in agony, to his knees. The anchor of the curse had a rebound like a snapping rubber band, only with a lifetime of dark and horrible magic behind it. His plan to pull stakes and give me the full brunt of whatever it was he’d created? Did the reverse to him, thanks to the coming together of all that amazing luck.
While my entire being shimmered and sang as he howled his denial at being forced to accept the lifetime of pending awful I was supposed to bear when the curse sprang back to its maker.
Take that, asshat.

***

Chapter Twenty

I squinted at the fresh sketch I’d just created, pondering the paint colors I wanted to use to bring the entwined figures to life. I had the perfect canvas waiting, a four-foot vertical that would house the male and female abstract in the most amazing way.
Nice to focus on my art for a while, now that my world had (mostly) gone back to normal. Right down to the scent of Christmas Eve dinner floating through my door, the summons a clear message from my mother the feast was almost ready.
Hard to believe, in a way, two days had passed since Silas’s collapse, since the inquisitors arrived, Fallview still looking down his nose at me but more than willing to take the druid and his protégé into custody. I’d made myself scarce while they rescued the poor homeless man, knowing his memories would be altered enough to ensure he never shared what really happened in the basement of the abandoned building.
Or, if he did, no one would believe him anyway.
I closed my sketchbook, tucking my pencils into the case Selene gave me years ago, her huge, smiling face on the outside meant as a joke but something that always made me grin. A long stretch when I stood shook off the kinks, though the lingering touch of shadow flickered in my peripheral vision, taking the enjoyment out of the moment.
Despite Silas’s capture and pending sentencing, the curse remained. Maybe, when they burned him, I’d finally be free, but I wasn’t counting on it. Whatever he’d done to me, it was now clear the recoil I’d created in my attack had severed it from his influence. In doing so, I’d cut him off while claiming the thing as my own.
Which meant, I was now the proud owner of my very own curse that refused to go away no matter what I did.
Never mind. I’d find the answer. And clear myself of his influence—and the effect the curse had on my power—forever.
Grim thoughts after such a victory.
As was Selene’s quiet admission Jericho Richmond was no longer interested.
“He was never worthy of a Monday,” she’d told me the previous night, sniffing in fake arrogance before shrugging with a sad look in her eyes. “He is very pretty, though.”
If false accusations was all it took for him to drop my amazing, gorgeous and talented sister? I figured she dodged a bullet, thanks.
I tucked my phone into my back pocket, thinking about Mirabelle Whitehall. She’d called this morning, not to talk about the now finalized case, to my surprise, but just to chat. It had been so long since I’d had one of our kind as a friend, I wasn’t sure how to take it, but I hung up from the short conversation smiling, so I guess I didn’t do too badly.
“Have a great Christmas,” she said. “See you soon?”
That sounded like a great idea.
Morales called me, to my surprise, to tell me the case had been wrapped up. Someone decided Elias Gael would pay for his uncle’s plan in the human world, since someone had to.
“Turns out the dead guy was the ring leader and this Gael kid had a beef,” Morales said. “ME says they fought while robbing your place. They fought and the other kid, Shermer, fell, hit his head, and Gael just took off.”
Of course, I knew better, that Mirabelle had altered the physical evidence, and happily accepted Morales’s sequence of events.
“See you in the new year,” she’d said, before hanging up.
Guess I was still working for the police department. Just my luck.
Even better news had come from Coop, a quick text fired off shortly after I hung up from Mirabelle.
Martie woke up, he sent. She’s going to be okay.
She certainly was. Because when I told Mom the witch had come out of her unconscious state, it was to the Mother’s firm hug and reassurance.
“She will have a hearth again,” she said. “Already in the works, Phoebe. Thanks to you.”
Well. Good luck lingered, I guess.
Which made me wonder about my power, something I’d been doing a lot of the last two days. While the excessive good luck vanished, cancelled out when I broke Silas’s attempt to control me, it wasn’t lost on me he’d seemed to think my magic was important. Worth examining more closely. I’d always been hesitant to do so, considering the consequences. But, if I could understand it better, could I find a way to break the last of the curse, no longer connected to the druid, at least, but a revenant scrap of magic that lurked inside me, like a hideous doppelganger I couldn’t shake?
Worth looking into.
I knew Mom, Isolde and Selene were more than happy to help. Time to take them up on their offer, if only as a rebellion against the constant pressure I only now knew I lived under, Silas’s controls gone and leaving me sad for what I’d missed out on.
No more, Phoebe Monday.
Selene sang as she passed my door, heading downstairs to the kitchen, matching, as I entered the hall, the sound of Mom’s voice coming up toward her. I stood there in the quiet upstairs for a moment, hearing them finish their harmony and laugh together under my feet, inhaling the delicious scent of dinner waiting below.
While Isolde, clearly ahead of my sister, yelled at the two of them to bring her more chocolate.
My family. How did I get to be so lucky? Oh, yeah. Right.
Awesome.
I almost missed Jinks, the brat, as he slipped past me and ducked into my room. The only reason I turned back? The shining something he had in his jaws. Sneaking suspicions confirmed when I found him curled up on my bed, gnawing on the silver wrapping.
“Finally,” I said.
He grinned at me, tail thrashing while I retrieved Coop’s present, ruffling the silly fox’s ears. Jinks chattered, and I swear he was laughing at me, resting his head on my lap, shining eyes looking up at me with the kind of false innocence that cancelled out any chance I could stay mad at him.
“Bad fox,” I said. Stroked the soft fur between his ears, the velvet of those black peaks. “Silly Jinks. Jealous?”
His tail thumped once before he fell still again.
I almost waited. Was going to put the small box—the paper now worse for wear and minus the bow—under the tree for tomorrow. Instead, hands trembling just a little, I peeled the silver foil away, setting it between the fox’s paws. He ignored it, watching with intent while I stared down at the black velvet square in my hands.
Contemplated just returning the gift to Coop, writing off this whatever it was between us once and for all. Flipped open the top with a soft creak of hinges.
And gasped at the beautiful silver moon necklace nestled inside.
The chain felt far too delicate in my hands as I lifted it free of the box, giving that to Jinks, too. He stared with wide eyes, and I knew, given the chance, the little thief would make off with my gift for real. Rather than provide such an opportunity, I fastened the clasp around my neck, breathing a soft sealing spell to safeguard the catch until I released it, and stood to check the fall of the pendant in the mirror of my wardrobe.
The crescent curve sat perfectly in the hallow of my throat and I found I had to clear it with a soft cough, grinning at the sparkling gift while my eyes burned with tears I wasn’t expecting.
So thoughtful, that gift. I’d been trying to imagine what it would be like. Actually following through on going to his suburban human house for his family party, having him as a boyfriend, a partner. I knew what a terrible idea that could turn into. Sure, some witches chose normal mates, but usually from those who already understood who we were, those few who we made part of our world. And never a Monday.
Coop had no idea what he had been hoping to get himself into.
As a final thought, before I could stop myself, I whispered one last spell. The law of contagion, once used as a way to track a thief, now tied me to the spirit that was Cooper Hudson. A silly little incantation, but one I hugged myself over once it was done.
Decision made. Surely the whole Elias being a thief thing would clear up any concern he might have I had feelings for the young druid. And, perhaps, give me the chance I needed to tell Coop how I really felt.
Right after I figured it out myself.
As for the handsome cop, he’d clearly already decided he wanted to be with me. So there wasn’t any harm in it, right? Except, I knew how powerful silver was, my element, and that clearing the connection when—or if—I so chose would take a lot of effort on my part.
Might break my heart.
Oh well. Weren’t they made to be broken?
With my lovely gift glistening around my neck, I grinned at my reflection before scooping up Jinks and heading down to dinner.

###
Phoebe has so much more in store!
Find book two of the Phoebe Monday Paranormal Cozies,
Death Warmed Over, RIGHT HERE!

***

Social Medium
Alice Moore Paranormal Cozy Mysteries #1
Patti Larsen
Copyright 2019 by Patti Larsen

Find out more about me at
http://www.pattilarsen.com

***
Chapter One

New car smell mixed with full-blast air conditioning. Hello, headache. I loved Denver Hatch and his need for a fresh start, including the brand spanking van we drove in toward the job we’d been hired for, don’t get me wrong. Loved him so much, more than I ever expected to love anyone. In fact, if you’d asked me about my love life eighteen months ago, shortly before I made that fateful journey to Reading, Vermont and my investigation of the haunting of Manuel Cortez, I wouldn’t have been able to predict the outcome of meeting the grandson of the woman who let me go to prison to save her own skin.
I’m a medium, not a fortune teller. That means I commune with dead people, but seeing the future? Not my forté. Not bitter, either, I swear. I’d come to terms with what Sadie Hatch did to me five years ago, setting me up to take the fall for her blackmail scheme the way she did. I’d had time, my six months behind bars at the tender age of eighteen, to come to terms with my innocence, and subsequent loss of said naiveté. There’d been a time I’d held a grudge, but that time was long gone.
The fact she was dead helped. Did it make me a bad person I wasn’t sorry she’d passed on without a hint of her echo lingering to make my life even more miserable than she’d originally managed? Sometimes I wondered. Then again, other times? This life—and the afterlife—had a funny way of leveling out the scales of justice. I’d seen it happen often enough to know judging myself for what I was thinking at any given minute was a waste of energy better used in healthier and more important endeavors.
Besides, the woman I’d originally known as Marigold Hopp, the trusted mentor who’d taken me on when the world left me at the side of the road with all of my belongings in a black garbage bag after I aged out of foster care, taught me a great deal about trust and faith in humanity.
No, not in a good way. One would think a child left to the system for the majority of her life would have lost her ability to believe in the goodness of others long ago. Somehow, I’d managed to maintain mine, thanks to a short list of kind people who cared for me along the way, even if they couldn’t keep me in the end. Such mostly positive experiences prepared me to see others in a kindly light, to expect the best of them despite my weirdness and the fact that eventually what I could do came between me and ultimate happiness. Until I met the woman who was my downfall, I’d never been accepted for the talent or gift or whatever you might choose to label my connection to the dead, but I’d also not been purposely hurt because of it. She’d seemed to embraced my ability. Only to betray me, ultimately, finally doing what no one else in my life had been able to by popping the bubble of winsome protection that had always clung to me, handing me a lesson in faith I’d never forget.
Or, frankly, forgive, delivered as it was by the woman I’d thought of as the first real family I’d had since my parents died on my sixth birthday.
It all came crashing down around me, the thin membrane of that safe space gone in a blink of an eye the night I did Sadie’s dirty work, guileless and meek, taking possession of the blackmail money she’d demanded from a client. The police in the small town outside Des Moines, Iowa, didn’t care I had no idea what was going on, arresting me for something I didn’t do.
Technically, I had, though. Guilty by association and by deed, all unwitting. The judge assured me my lack of knowledge meant nothing to him, ignorance no defense when it came to breaking the law. Six months later, fresh from prison, another black garbage bag holding the sum of my possessions, perched precariously on yet another curb at the side of the road and I was certain I would never learn to trust ever again.
“You’re sure you love the new logo?” Denver glanced my way from behind the wheel, earnest expression softening the memories to the point they faded, drifting off. It wasn’t often these days I allowed myself the poke and prod at the old hurts that used to keep me awake at night. He was a big part of my new outlook and my willingness to at least give happiness a go, despite myself. “I’m still reconsidering the name.”
He’d suggested Moorehatch Paranormal Team, but Hatchmoore made sense to me. “Alphabetical,” I’d argued. “You’re the investigator,” he’d grumbled. “We’re a team,” I’d reminded him.
Personally, I didn’t care what we called ourselves. I used to be alone, worked solo. Now, all of a sudden, I had a partner, in life and in my rather unique career. As far as I was concerned, I’d won.
Never would I ever have imagined such a fate for weird and creepy little Alice Georgina Moore who felt most at home with the dead.
“We can change it if you want,” I said, rubbing at my arms. The sun beating in the windows heated my upper half uncomfortably while the loud rush of cooled air chilled the rest of me. I refused to complain about the no-win situation, though. Nor was I blaming Denver for the two day van ride or the overwhelming scent of fresh plastic and carpeting nor the unseasonably inflated Florida heat battling our brand new vehicle’s attempts to keep us from melting into puddles of sweaty goo. It was only March, too, here in the beautiful sunshine state. I’d hoped for relief from the chill of the Green Mountains up north. Thought perhaps a balmy jaunt to the coast near Jacksonville might even be pleasant.
Denver adjusted the air conditioning just enough I stopped shivering on the bottom and started sweating on the top. “Work in progress,” he said, grinning. I loved his smile, could look at it all day, got lost in it, forgot my headache, even. Another unexpected quirk of loving him. Everything about him registered on the adorable scale, from his short, dark hair to his huge, dark brown eyes that swallowed my ability to think straight when I looked into them. Maybe others might criticize his tall, lean frame and angular features as not atypically handsome but, to me, Denver was the most gorgeous creature in the world.
No wonder I’d been hanging around Reading for so long, neglecting my blog, my advertisers, my readers. It had been so easy to fall into a state of bliss I’d almost forgotten making money was kind of important. Especially when one had a criminal record and job prospects weren’t forthcoming. Of course I knew I could find work in Reading. With Mayor Olivia Walker’s propensity for tourism the town was booming and employees seemed to have their pick of jobs. It was a waste, however, to shelve my particular skills in favor of selling coffee at Sammy’s or working the counter at French’s Handmade Bakery.
The sale of Denver’s remarkable holographic tech had fallen through at the last minute, though part of me was relieved by that fact. He was far too brilliant to simply sell off what he created. Not that he listened to me about how awesome he was. In fact, he’d shelved his invention almost immediately after the company had a change of heart.
“Reminds me too much of Grandma,” he’d said. “And what she was.”
Fair enough, I suppose. It became apparent, though, with my advertising money drying up and his inheritance, as tiny as it had been despite Sadie’s years of ripping off the grief-stricken and bereft, I needed to do something to generate income. We both did.
I’d wanted him to go back to school, finish his time at MIT. So promising, and I’d made Boston my home since serving my time, how coincidental was that? We’d been living in the same city and never met. It had taken Sadie’s murder to bring us together.
Instead, he’d offered up a proposition. His idea, the van, my rebranding, the state-to-state travel. I’d always kept my ventures small and intimate, relying on word of mouth, other mediums and debunkers supplying suggestions and connections for my investigations, choosing to stay close to my old base of operations. I didn’t miss the city, to be fair, despite its colonial charms. Too many spirits wandering the streets without absolution or redemption available, easy enough for me to find work and maintain my small but comfortable lifestyle but distinctly disconcerting if I wasn’t careful.
Having the dead as one’s constant companions wasn’t always ideal. Especially when they liked to come visit at night. While I was sleeping. Trying to sleep. Not so easy a thing to do when someone who shouldn’t be lingering decided they wanted your attention so they could explain in full, often with aggressive angst, just why it was life and death had been so unfair to them.
I’d never quite gotten used to it.
Denver had bigger ideas, as evidenced by our trip to Florida. “It’ll be great,” he’d said when he pitched the idea to me five days ago. “We’ll make lots of money.” He’d beamed that sweet smile of his, liquid eyes wide and alluring. “Trust me.”
I loved him, and since it honestly didn’t matter to me, I said yes.
Remember I said I loved him? Good thing. Boy went a bit overboard. As boys are want to do, at times. Like the myriad of equipment stocking the back of the van with the giant HATCHMOORE logo, basically an H and an M woven together, on the side that still made my cheeks pink when I let myself look at it. Denver’s need to turn me into some celebrity medium still made me cringe but I suppose I’d get used to it eventually.
His excitement over the many tools he’d acquired, altered and tweaked, from electromagnetic field readers to temperature sensors to infra-red cameras and more felt like posturing, framing for a show he felt we needed to put on.
For all intents and purposes, as had always been the case, I didn’t need any of the items strapped firmly into specialty cases and stored neatly in the back. They were his toys to play with. All I required was five minutes alone in the space in question and I’d know the truth.
“Boring,” Denver had said, his gamer and geek fanboy past showing. “Your fans want entertainment.”
There was little about what I did that entertained me. Even though I knew he was right. That was the only reason I’d said yes to this trip, this job in particular, once I’d found out who was asking for our assistance. If anyone knew paranormal entertainment, it was our host. The offered paycheck wasn’t something to sneeze at, either. $10,000 for a one-night vigil? The half up front had paid for our trip south, not to mention some of my overdue bills and Denver’s upgrades on the new equipment we didn’t need.
So why had I hesitated at last, almost dug in my heels and said no despite my adoration for the sweet guy in the driver’s seat? If I really didn’t care all that much, why did I balk at a sure thing that would give us a great story to post and tie us to a popular web series that could give us even better exposure?
If only I didn’t have to spend the next twenty-four hours with the last person in the world I’d have chosen to work with, my trepidation would be non-existent.
As though thinking of Roman Ellis were prophetic, Denver’s GPS chose that moment to instruct him, in her flat, British accent, we’d arrived at our destination. Fate, it seemed, had led me to the last place I really should have been, whether I liked it or not.

***

Chapter Two

I’d thought our van was ostentatious. Denver chose black, naturally, the logo in silver covering most of the back on both sides. I was sure every soul in Reading snickered behind their hands at the glaring obviousness of its cry for attention.
The Roman Media van, giant logo looming next to the Spirit Heroes show title, was parked conspicuously at the end of the long, oak tree shadowed lane in front of the bright white plantation house. Not that parking a media van there was the conspicuous part, however. Let’s just say Roman Ellis could have only bought it for one purpose—not to tote his own equipment, but to carry his ego around in. I was surprised he didn’t have a bus. Or a tractor trailer. For all I knew, those were on the way.
Yes, all right, I was over it. I promise. Mostly.
Denver took note of my reticence, his thick eyebrows arching, that perpetual smile he’d been wearing for the last few days fading at last. “I know I pushed you into this,” he said, hand reaching out to take mine. The moment he touched me, all was forgiven. Not to be a sob story in the making, but I’d been touched so rarely in my life, especially with the kind of love and attention—devotion, if I was going to be accurate—that Denver always seemed able to muster at any given moment. His touch was even able to silence the voices of the dead, I’d noticed, something I’d never been able to manage on my own, not completely.
I squeezed back and forced a smile, more authentic than not by the time his thumb slid across the back of my hand, raising goosebumps on my forearm from the contact. “I may not have told you everything about my history working with Roman,” I said. Now I felt guilty I’d stayed quiet, even though I’d done so for Denver’s benefit. I sighed into the chilly air conditioning, the engine idling while my boyfriend sat there and waited with that infinite seeming patience of his, dark eyes worried. “It’ll be fine. I’m a professional. I just don’t like all the showmanship.”
Denver sighed himself, staring out the windshield at the big, white manor house, forehead creased in a frown, though the touch of his fingers that held mine remained light and comforting. “We talked about this.” He shrugged. “But I guess I was so excited I didn’t do much listening.”
The last thing I wanted was for Denver to feel badly about getting us work, especially a job that paid our bills so efficiently. I leaned across the center console and kissed his cheek with firm pressure, the faint stubble of his day-old beard rough on my skin.
“It’s twenty-four hours,” I said. “What could possibly go wrong?”
Denver laughed, turned to face me. “I love you, Alice Moore.”
My heart didn’t melt or anything. Not even a little bit.
“I love you, too.” So much. He had no idea because I didn’t have the words.
Denver turned off the engine and climbed out of the van, rush of heated Florida air washing over me, slamming it shut behind him. The sudden shift in temperature made sweat stand out in beads on my upper lip. My boyfriend circled the front of the vehicle and opened my door for me while I waited. Not because I was a princess or anything, to the contrary. Where he’d come across his old-fashioned ideals I wasn’t sure, but the few times I’d tried to exit a car on my own, he’d sweetly asked me to wait for him to take care of the deed for me.
Who was I to argue with such gentlemanly behavior?
Activity near the front door of the plantation house caught my attention and spiraled my thoughts back into the case. I hadn’t been all that surprised, to be honest, when Denver told me Roman had reached out for my assistance in the supposed haunting of Princely House. As I stepped out of the van, Denver holding my hand to steady me despite the fact I didn’t really need the help, I kept myself under tight control, knowing at any moment I’d be face-to-face with someone I neither liked nor respected.
Sure, I’d worked with Roman before. If I could call it that. Considering the fact his arrogant awesomeness loved the spotlight so much he relegated those around him to mere servants by sheer force of will and volume of speech, working with him wasn’t really an accurate term. He had zero qualms about using others and their talents to his own benefit. The first time I’d intersected with one of his cases I’d done my best to be polite and offer assistance. When he’d literally stolen my clients out from under me with his bravado and promises he could only keep by offering my conclusions as his own, I’d quickly sorted him to the realm of never again.
Except, of course, we’d bumped into each other several times over the years and, despite my attempts to the contrary, he’d always managed to wriggle his snake-like way to the top. Perhaps I should have learned a measure of ruthlessness, or perhaps chosen to abandon any attempt to work around him. Certainly, I’d observed his narcissistic and often abusive behavior with the amount of detachment I needed to keep from making him a ghost himself. Wasn’t worth the haunting that would ensue, trust me. Roman Ellis was a big enough pain in the rear alive. Dead and self-assured he’d been wronged? His lingering spirit would be the end of me.
A good enough reason not to murder him, under the circumstances. I just hoped the next day of exposure didn’t change my mind.
One thing was true, however. As I crossed the crunching gray gravel that leveled the driveway, heading directly for my doom, I had to admit being asked to take part in this investigation gave me a great place to springboard my career renewal. Like it or not, despite the fact he was my age of twenty-four, Roman was a web phenom, owned his own production company, produced his own series and had the kind of popularity that guaranteed I’d get more work down the road just from associating with him. Though, I did wonder as my sneakers squeaked faintly on the wooden steps leading up to the wide front door, the shade of the pillars outside the entry welcome if doing little to cut the damp humidity that made my clothing cling to me in uncomfortable ways, if the work such an association would be the kind I’d want in the end.
Only one way to find out.
The man himself emerged through the open front door, striding out to greet me. Teeth that had seen a perfect sheath of veneers flashed behind his tanned smile, wide, green eyes fixed on me. He’d had his dark brown hair highlighted at some point in the last week or so, the streaks fresh enough there weren’t roots, though they were clearly meant to look natural. There was nothing natural about Roman Ellis, however, from his booming and irritating voice to the designer golf shirt that strained across his broad chest to the ridiculously handsome Hollywood exterior he clearly cultivated beyond all else.
“Alice!” I was standing right in front of him as I made it to the top step and came to a halt beside him. He didn’t need to shout. One big hand grasped mine, his other holding my wrist while he pumped my arm up and down in what was meant, I could only guess, to be a friendly and enthusiastic greeting but left my muscles aching. I detached from his grasp as quickly as I could, rubbing at the spot where he’d held me.
“Roman.” I hated that my voice sounded small and almost squeaky compared to his. That was part of his act, I knew, a slice of his well-practiced routine that succeeded, at least with me, in establishing pecking order with a single word and act.
“Welcome, welcome.” He beamed at Denver who joined us, my boyfriend shaking his hand, too, though Roman quickly abandoned his greeting when his calculations—yes, I knew him that well—established Denver wasn’t worthy of too much attention.
Why had I said yes again? Right. I loved my boyfriend.
“You’re more beautiful than ever.” Roman winked at me, leered, actually, leaning in as he touched my cheek with soft fingers, tucking a stray bit of hair behind my ear. Obviously he’d been drinking or maybe he was just trying to butter me up because after the ride in the van in the Florida heat? I was sure I wasn’t any kind of runway model.
“Thanks,” I said, noting the flush in Denver’s cheeks, the sudden tightness in his jaw. Wait, was he jealous? He’d better not be. Not for an instant. Especially over Roman Ellis. If I had to follow that line of thought any further, the path that led to me imagining me with the pompous ass taking Denver’s place, I was seriously going to lose my breakfast.
There was no time to reassure my boyfriend, however, when a second man stormed out of the dim interior, practically assaulting Roman as he grasped his shoulder in one hand and spun the investigator around. I gaped in surprise, I’m not ashamed to say. I’d never seen anyone treat Roman that way before and almost applauded. Except, of course, the tall, blond man with the grim expression, his white button-up open at the throat in the heat, glanced my way with enough contempt and unhappiness I knew we weren’t going to be fast friends after all.
“I told you we didn’t need anyone else here,” he said, ignoring me and Denver while he poked Roman in the chest with one index finger.
Rather than losing his crap, the normally arrogant web host held up both hands, false smile reassuring perhaps for someone who didn’t know him as well as I did. There was enough animosity in that attempt to placate I almost eye rolled at the testosterone surge wafting toward me from the pair of them.
“Larry, be nice. We have guests.” Roman turned and grinned at me. “Larry Princely, this is Alice Moore. She’s the medium I told you about.” He winked then, like this was a grand conspiracy and I was in on the heist except, of course, I had no idea what he was really up to and didn’t want to know, if I was going to be honest. “Alice, my dear friend, Larry, owner of the newly renovated and,” his tone dropping into that deep and almost threatening tone he used when he voiced over his show, “tragically haunted Princely House.”
Larry didn’t seem impressed. Well, the feeling was mutual. As I studied his lack of enthusiasm, however, I had a twinge of something that felt like memory. He seemed familiar for some reason, though I was sure we’d never met.
Not that it mattered. 
“You were supposed to take care of this,” Larry growled, his anger clear. “I’m losing money every day the place is closed, Roman. I just opened two months ago. I can’t afford to send guests away.”
Well, his anger seemed fairly generated, then. Maybe he wasn’t aiming his dislike at me for any reason, only using my presence as an outlet. I’d been the brunt of such attention before, and I sympathized even if it was uncalled for. I’d give Larry the benefit of the doubt, for the moment.
As for Roman, he slung one arm around the taller man’s shoulders, their ages clearly matched. “We’ve been friends since college, old mate,” Roman said in far too jovial a tone for my liking. I resisted looking around, wondering if there was a camera recording this interaction. That would be like Roman, after all, to create conflict for the show. But no, more than likely it was simply that he’d fallen so far down the gaping chasm of his on screen persona he never managed to emerge any more, living there in the not-so-private hell of his ego’s creation.
He could keep it.
Larry’s gaze flickered to me. I met his eyes with my own pretend confidence firmly wrapped around me despite the fact I would have rathered been anywhere but there at that moment. I wasn’t about to allow him to bully me, and yet was acutely aware of the fact if he tried hard enough, I’d cave. Conflict of any kind usually sent me scurrying, and yes, I use that term honestly. I’d done my best over the years to stand my ground, with varying degrees of success and, more often than not, failure. It was hard to embrace my cowardly nature, but I’d learned long ago I couldn’t change how others felt and nor would I win in most instances if I decided to try. Easier to retreat, as frustrating as that was.
Of course, having Denver behind me helped a great deal. Knowing he was counting on this endeavor, I promised myself I’d do my best to pretend to be brave if nothing else. Surprisingly, it seemed to work. I watched understanding cross Larry’s gaze, his body relaxing somewhat as he took in my façade of calm competence, even surprised to see a flicker of something that might have been respect when he pulled away from Roman’s fake embrace of kinship.
“Fine,” Larry said, though he didn’t shake my hand. “I take it Roman’s filled you in on the case?”
I would have preferred to have this conversation inside, out of the heat, and resisted wiping at the sweat on my forehead, refusing that sign of weakness. “I have the file he sent me,” I said. “But perhaps you’d like to share what you know yourself?”
Larry shrugged, looked around the property, the shading (kind of) trees that darkened the long driveway, the lush, green grass and flowering bushes that had obviously just been added to the landscape, to the dark forest surrounding the big house. “I didn’t even know about this place until my great-uncle died,” he said, tone more normal though far from friendly. “I’ve poured hundreds of thousands into the restoration, turned Princely House into a tourist attraction and boutique hotel. My earning projections were excellent, bookings stacking up.” He was a man of dollars and cents, focused on profit, it seemed, caring little for the actual environs. Duly noted. “Except, of course, for the damned ghost. She’s ruining my bottom line. If I don’t get this dealt with, I’ll be closing my doors less than two months after I opened.” His frustration came through loud and clear.
“Juliet,” Roman said, serious suddenly, nodding with empathy as thick as honey and just as cloying.
Larry grunted, shrugged. “This can’t be happening,” he said. “But I guess it has to be.” His whole demeanor rejected the truth of the matter, regardless of his words. “Juliet Princely.” He snarled something under his breath before meeting my eyes again. “The stupid sixteen-year-old girl who died after falling down the main stairs at her own coming out party and is determined to ruin my life, too.”

***

Chapter Three

Larry obviously didn’t care the young woman in question was related to him, if distantly, nor that the poor thing had lost her life far too young. Said a lot about his character, if you asked me. Actually, so did his apparent long association with the likes of Roman Ellis. Not hard to walk the road of judgment and disdain, was it?
So much for giving him the benefit of the doubt.
I had a million questions, of course, though the most pertinent need on my list was a walk-through of the premises, alone and unfettered by the distractions of living beings. Such a tour would, I knew from past experience, give me all the information I needed to ascertain if, in fact, Juliet was haunting Princely House. If history and experience served me, however, it was more likely, for some undisclosed reason that Larry was hiding behind his temper, he’d decided having his new business known for the death of his tragic ancestress was just a part of the show.
That possibility wasn’t lost on me. I’d encountered many fake hauntings over the years, my debunking record far, far higher than any actual interactions with spirits, typically when I’d been hired to uncover the reason for their lingering and disquieting presence tormenting the living. I’d come across far more lonely and unhappy ghosts who only someone with my particular skill set would even know remained behind, their tortured echoes barely strong enough to make themselves visible to my special sight. An actual haunting was beyond most of them, at least in the way most people assumed ghosts presented themselves. Thank you for that, Hollywood and, by association, Roman himself. Authentic paranormal lurkers necessitating any kind of intervention to supply the living with a modicum of peace were actually few and far between and I’d gladly done what anyone with my skillset would do in those instances. Sending echoes on to rest was a simple enough procedure. Proving to those who wanted to believe there was nothing to be afraid of, let alone a spirit lurking to ruin their sleep? Almost impossible.
People were so funny sometimes.
“The team is setting up inside.” Roman gestured imperiously at Denver, not even meeting my boyfriend’s eyes, his show of friendliness already forgotten in the face of any and all opportunities for Roman himself to be in the spotlight. “They could use your tech’s help.”
Ah, so that was it. Roman thought Denver was my employee. Well, I’d correct that mistake in perception soon enough. I turned to introduce my boyfriend, only to find he’d already spun on his heel and headed back for the van, shoulders tight and slumped. I wanted to go after him, assure him Roman was simply being Roman and I in no way thought of my darling as anything but my partner. Except that the webhost himself linked his arm through mine and spun, pulling me physically along with him, heading for the interior of the house by sheer force of will.
“While your boy does his job,” Roman said, voice low and tense, Larry trailing behind us and out of earshot, “you’re free to wander around and do your thing.” He winked at me again, though his good humor and the thin layer of his joviality had vanished into thin air. “While the rest of us do the real work.”
I detached myself from his grasp, the cooler interior of the house coming into focus now that my eyes were adjusting from the brilliant sunshine. Even standing in the shade hadn’t cut through the hearty illumination of the day, so it took me a moment to take in my surroundings. I eyed the wide steps of polished wood, the thick and elaborately carved bannister curving down from the second floor, the marble flooring beneath my feet and the huge, glittering chandelier high overhead. The foyer of Princely House felt like stepping back in time, the period furniture tucked in corners and décor drawing me into the era of the deep South prior to the Civil War, when cotton and sugarcane made white men rich on the backs of men and women stolen from another continent.
I left Roman behind, Larry whispering to him, to do as I’d been instructed. Not that I needed anyone to tell me what came next and nor did I think what I was doing fell any less under the guise of actual work than lugging all that unnecessary equipment through this relic of the past. It felt oddly an affront to step over thick extension cables and weave around boxes of recording equipment on my way to the sweeping staircase. I paused at the bottom, took a deep breath, closed my eyes and let myself open to the house and its voices, breathing in the soft scent of flowers from somewhere to my right, the faint aroma of whatever cleaning solution had been used on the floor beneath me, the soft hum of what had to be air conditioning, a modern convenience added to the massive house in a nod to the comfort of those who would choose to stay here.
Nothing. Not a whisper of Juliet, nor a peep from any other spirit, ghost or entity that might cause Larry and his new venture trouble. Not that it meant anything just yet. I was only getting started. I had, however, expected to encounter something here in the place where the girl had perished, if, in fact, it was Juliet who haunted this house.
Time would tell.
The next hour or so went by as typically as most of my investigations. With care and caution I entered each and every space, from halls to bedrooms, updated bathrooms with modern plumbing, the vast kitchen and its stainless steel perfection, to the attic space and sitting rooms, countless nooks, crannies and hidey holes that such a house had to offer. In each instance, I stopped, felt, opened myself to any possible spirits.
Came up empty every single time.
Not that my wandering investigation was completely devoid of contact. To the contrary. The moment I landed at the top of the steps, in fact, I encountered two entities about as happy to see me as I was to see them. Not that I had anything against the twins who worked for Roman, mind you, but we’d always maintained a wary distance, if only because Roman himself encouraged it.
I did nod pleasantly to Naomi Robinson as the young woman, her tight black t-shirt only a few shades darker than her gorgeous depth of skin tone bearing the Roman Media logo, cargo short pockets bulging with equipment, slouched socks over her heavy work boots making her look more intrepid adventurer than web series crew, finished setting up what looked like a recording device. Her short corkscrew hair shone in the light, an envious halo of glossy perfection I secretly coveted.
Naomi nodded back, though she didn’t smile. “Hey, Alice,” she said. “I heard Roman hired you for this.”
Her twin, Noah, grunted while he lugged a large, black case past his sister, frowning at me. “Not sure why he did. But whatever.”
Since I’d debunked the cases they’d worked on with me previously, maybe their thin unhappiness with my appearance was to be expected. Tweaked my internal temper, though, even if I would never let them see it on the outside. Did they want to be laughingstocks when the truth came out the hauntings they were digging into turned out to be fakes? I was doing them a favor, as far as I was concerned.
Most people in our business didn’t see it that way. I’d learned not to bother trying to convince them otherwise, though I could never bring myself to lie, not even to avoid being cornered in uncomfortable encounters that often left me feeling small and pathetic.
This was why I worked alone.
Naomi shot Noah a look that silenced his grumbling surliness. “You always play straight,” she said, though she didn’t seem any more agreeable. “Sense anything yet?”
I shrugged. “It’s early,” I said, knowing I was being evasive.
Noah sighed heavily, but his sister shrugged back.
“Keep us posted,” she said, prodding Noah to get moving again. He groaned and moved on down the hallway away from me, the heavy case clutched in front of him. I let them go without comment, discouraged by the encounter despite knowing things would never be different.
That was, unless I actually found Juliet Princely. Since that was my job, I got back to it. Was it wrong I wistfully hoped maybe, this time, I’d actually have something to report?
I looked down over the bannister as Denver entered the foyer again, loaded down with his own gear, aided by another of Roman’s crew. I waved at Andre Garcia, gratified he waved back, his shy smile vanishing almost as fast as it appeared. I liked the young Latino technician, the only member of Roman’s crew who seemed to care one way or another if the hauntings were actually real or not. Funny, Andre reminded me of Denver in a way, though my sweet boyfriend, who spared a moment to beam a smile up at me from below when he caught my eye, had come out of his own shell quite a bit since we’d met.
I sighed into the quiet air of the upstairs and resumed my tour, pretty sure I was on a wild Juliet chase, but with 10,000 reasons to be thorough.

***

Chapter Four

My final stop took me through the back of the mansion and into the large, sunny greenhouse that spanned almost the full width of the building. The humidity hit me harder than it had outdoors, not even a breeze available to stir the heavy air. Why anyone in this climate would want for such a space baffled me and, when I pushed through the glass door and longed for the coolness of the interior behind me, I did my best to set aside the fact I felt like I was drowning in overheated air laden with too much moisture for the sole purpose of fulfilling my duty.
No spirits came to me, though the overpowering scent of flowers in bloom turned my stomach, far too much aroma mixed in with the earthy weight of loam, fertilizer and the faintest touch of mildew catching in the back of my throat. A thin film of sweat had broken out over my entire body, my clothing clinging uncomfortably, the long trail of my ponytail sticking in damp strands to the back of my neck.
The fact I’d encountered nothing even remotely spirit-like in the entire house had left me with a sense of dread. I sighed into the heat, knowing I now had to find Roman and tell him in no uncertain terms he’d paid me a great deal of money to uncover a hoax. Maybe he’d take it well, be grateful? I knew better. Roman would either bulldoze over my news and carry on as though I hadn’t spoken—yes, I had precedent—or he’d go ballistic and fire me, demanding his money back. Either way, this entire trip had been a wash and I was firmly in the camp of anxious regret when I caught sight of movement on the other side of one of the large hydroponic tables.
I have to admit, I had a bit of a moment. I’d come here to investigate a ghost, after all, and despite not feeling anything, the unexpected flicker of someone else in the deeply oppressive silence of the greenhouse’s already weighty environs made me shiver despite the heat. I found myself holding the moisture laden breath I’d drawn as the figure I’d spotted drifted out from behind the towering plants that obviously adored this state of affairs even if I didn’t.
Not a ghost, after all, but a woman, and one I recognized. I did my best to keep my face neutral as she approached, her own expression one of wary unhappiness. Apparently no one in Roman’s circles was overjoyed I’d been invited along. I almost missed the older woman who was Emma Durand’s companion, so focused was I on keeping myself bland and unthreatening to Roman’s historically jealous girlfriend.
I’d never once shown interest in him. Didn’t stop Emma from taking a dislike to me, though from what I’d seen she didn’t want any woman near her property, so I tried not to take her dislike personally.
“Alice Moore.” Emma looked away after a brief moment, her tall, slim body draped in a flowered dress, cascade of tawny hair loose over her shoulders. She always looked so perfect, so gorgeous, willowy and elfish. I took a distinct pleasure in the fact she was sweaty herself, her normally flawless tresses clinging to her shoulders. Trouble was, the heat just made her complexion dewy and ethereal. I could only imagine if I had a mirror to look into at that moment I’d be a flushed and patchy mess.
“Hello, Emma,” I said, keeping my tone pleasant before nodding to the older woman who seemed as uncomfortable in the heat as I was, her cheeks flushed, pink dyed hair in an asymmetrical bob showing a shaved undercut that really didn’t suit her rounded face. Nor was the deep red of her skin, flushed from her time in the greenhouse, doing much for her appearance. She squinted at me, nodded.
“You’re the psychic,” she said in a gruff voice, extending her hand. Finally, someone wanted to greet me as a human being. How lovely. I shook hers, noting the firm grip despite the dampness of her palm. Mine was just as sweaty, so whatever. “I’m Clara Clark.”
Wait, I knew her, didn’t I? “Cake or Break,” I blurted. Hadn’t she been the showrunner for that ill-fated baking show Lucy Fleming had taken part in? The one that went down in flames after the murder of one of the hosts opened a Pandora’s Box of cheating, deceit and copyright infringement?
Clara’s discomfort at the recognition had the opposite effect I’d hoped for and I realized as she glared at me I’d lost my one shot to get on her good side. Typical Alice Moore.
“That’s old news,” she grunted, crossing her arms, glaring. “I’m a producer now. Here to see what the Roman fuss is about.”
Interesting. Was this the real reason he brought me here? “Is there talk of a television show?” A network opportunity brought all the pieces together for me. While the web series was clearly serving him well, graduating to national exposure through more conventional broadcasting could mean a significant step up for him and his brand.
“I see.” I nodded to them both. “Just doing my tour,” I said then. “I should continue on, I suppose. Out of this heat.” I was starting to feel like I might wilt.
Clara stepped past me, opening the door to the kitchen and I followed her, the shock of the cooler interior welcome but triggering a bit of a dizzy spell. Emma didn’t seem to be affected at all, drifting past me and into the kitchen while Clara firmly closed the greenhouse door behind her.
“Finding anything interesting?” The producer didn’t sound overly enthusiastic, but she was clearly curious.
I wished I had better news for her and, instead of answering her with what I knew, I instead shrugged and tried a non-committal smile.
“I try not to jump to any conclusions,” I said. “Not until I complete my tour. If you’ll excuse me.” I didn’t quite run away from them, but I wasn’t prepared for more questions. Not until I had a chance to talk to Roman. While trying to keep my own jealousy out of the mix.
I didn’t want my own show or the fame that came with it, but I was woman enough to admit the prospect was exciting and made me sigh over my own sensibilities. If I were just a bit less ethical, had a fraction of his courage and maybe a modicum of materialism drove my passions, would I be on the same road as Roman?
Perish the thought.
While my walkthrough was technically complete, despite the excuse I offered to escape Emma and Clara, I took the time to exit the building and finish off with a brief exploration of the back garden. Just beyond the stone wall that had been constructed bordering the property stretched a swampy area where Florida’s natural state of being had been encroached upon by this renovation. How much of this area had been reclaimed from the swamp for the original plantation? More than likely this house and the fields where the cash crops of the time were grown had always infringed on the edges of the wilds of the countryside.
A faint splash in the distance made me start. Alligators abounded in the waters of the state, so I had good reason to be nervous. I had no desire to encounter toothy and scaled wildlife at the moment—or any moment—and since there had been zero sightings of the ghost here in the garden I checked off the space as non-viable and headed back inside.
I would say one thing for Larry Princely. He’d done an amazing job with the restoration. I reentered the foyer, pausing by the rack near the staircase, helping myself to one of the colorfully printed pamphlets offering the history of Princely House.
A read through gave me more of what I already knew. The Princely family had founded this plantation in 1779 and prospered, it seemed, until the untimely death of Juliet in 1860, just one year before the start of the Civil War. Her loss, the write up claimed, along with the defeat of the South in 1865, saw the decline of the family’s holdings. Apparently, the plantation house was abandoned when the Princely family was forced to free their slaves and never returned.
There was a brief line about Juliet’s tragic death, claiming it was an accident, but it certainly didn’t come across as though Larry intended for her loss to be a feature of the plantation’s attraction. I frowned down at the glossy photo of the plantation house, noting the approach of another though I didn’t look up until he was standing next to me.
“Do you have questions?” At least Larry seemed less antagonistic now. Still grim, but more agreeable and, as I nodded, he grimaced. “I’m sorry about earlier,” he said, unprompted by my expression as far as I knew, since I was still doing my best to remain neutral. “This whole mess has me unsettled. The staff turnover is killing me, not to mention the loss of guests.”
“Understandable,” I said. “While ghost tourism is a thing, it’s not as viable as mainstream.” There were those who sought out haunted spaces to stay on vacation. I would never understand it, however, though my particular circumstance made seeking out ghosts rather a ridiculous idea. I didn’t have to go looking, did I? While such clients did exist, however, I could only imagine their numbers would never sustain Larry’s business.
He nodded, hands deep in the pockets of his shorts, expression dark and frustrated. “Tell me about it.”
“I was wondering about the circumstances of Juliet’s death.” I returned the card to the rack as I spoke. No use wasting it, my fingerprints joining others on the glossy surface. I’d obviously not been the first person to peruse its contents or leave it behind. Made me wonder in the back of my mind if Denver’s idea to print such cards for us was a good one even as I forced my brain back to the moment at hand. I had no idea being a serious businesswoman could be so distracting from the real work. “The history here states her death was an accident.” He nodded. “Was there any possibility she was, in fact, murdered?” Yes, I was reaching. Honestly, every one of these investigations led me on a bit of an emotional rollercoaster of my own. I was a medium, after all, could see and talk to the dead. Having to tell people who were certain their homes were haunted they were imagining things wasn’t the easiest job in the world. Maybe there was something here I was missing?
Larry shrugged then, sighing. “There were rumors in the family,” he admitted, “that Juliet’s fall wasn’t her fault. But I don’t have proof.”
“We don’t need any,” I said with a flash of a grin. “Proof is for court. We’re talking dead people here.”
He laughed at that, relaxing somewhat, before sharing a rueful smile of his own. “Okay, fair enough,” he said before rubbing at the point of his chin with his index finger, the rasping sound of skin on stubble soft but audible. “There was the suggestion her sister might have done her in. They were supposedly in love with the same guy, some other plantation owner’s son, and Juliet was winning. She was going to marry him, from what I understand.” Larry frowned again, this time in vague and distant regret. “Turns out both daughters died right here in this house. The sister died a few months after Juliet, choked on a chicken bone. The young man they both loved? Died of cholera a year later.” Larry’s eyebrows arched. “Tough times for young love, I guess.”
“It certainly has all the earmarks for possible lingering echoes.” I frowned at the floor, despite the fact I’d not felt a thing. Still, it was daylight. Sometimes spirits didn’t make themselves known until after darkness, though I was the first to admit to myself I was reaching. Usually the imprint of their energy lingered no matter the time of day. There had been a shift in me, however, now that the owner of this place was no longer so disagreeable and I felt my responsibility to him supersede my discomfort with Roman or anyone else present. I looked up then and met Larry’s pale blue eyes, smiling for real. “I’ll know more tonight,” I said, touching his arm briefly, a habit of mine, an offer of comfort. “Hopefully we can clear this up for you quickly.”
Larry’s grateful smile in return seemed genuine enough. “Thanks, Alice,” he said. “I feel a lot better all of a sudden.”
As he turned and walked away from me, my heart sank. I’d just given the man false hope. Weird to suddenly pray for a ghost to show up to save the day.

***

Chapter Five

I had just turned to go look for Denver and fill him in on my lack of discovery, only to come to a halt with a soft gasp as the business end of a large camera was shoved in my face, Naomi firmly ensconced behind the equipment she held so close I could see my reflection in the lens. A large boom mic pointed like an accusing finger at me from the right side of the black framed lens staring me down.
“Alice Moore, noted medium of Boston fame, tell us. Does the restless spirit of Juliet Princely speak to you from this place where she died so long ago?”
She had to go and put me on the spot. I spluttered, hands rising to my heart like they did when I felt cornered and unsafe, knowing I was flushed and likely rather deer-in-the-headlights at the moment.
“I’m still investigating,” I finally managed to mutter, trying my best to slide past her and out of the danger zone that was posterity in a black box.
If only Roman’s second-in-command actually cared that I didn’t want to be on camera. She followed me immediately, hard on my heels, another question beating against my back while I attempted to retreat.
“Could it be more than one ghost lingers here in Princely House?” Naomi certainly had the hang of the whole entertainment value paranormal hunter with her low, menacing voice and slow delivery. She sounded like she’d been watching too many old horror movies, though I knew from occasionally indulging in the shudder-inducing habit of checking out Roman’s show online that she’d learned her method from the worst. “Are you, perhaps, also sensing the spirit of her dead sister, or even the fallen love of her life?” I turned and frowned at the camera then. Had she known about the history of the house before now or did she overhear me talking with Larry? “Could there even be the echoes of fallen soldiers, slaves or some other tragic losses long forgotten by the living that we might uncover in this old space?”
“I don’t like to speculate,” I said, knowing my voice was too high-pitched, as it was wont to climb to upper registers when I was nervous. “I’m a medium. I can only tell you what I feel, not what you might want me to say.”
Naomi sighed and lowered the camera a bit, glaring at me from behind it. “Alice,” she said, stressing my name like she chastised an errant child. “Play along, would you? Give me something.” She returned the camera to its previous position. “Are you excited for possible encounters as we spend the full night, from dusk until dawn, at the mercy of Juliet Princely?”
Oh for goodness sake, this was ridiculous. I blew out a brief breath of exasperation, wishing I could just blurt out what I thought of her attempt to draw me into such theatrics, when Roman appeared as if out of nowhere and, with one hand firmly on my elbow, guided me physically away from Naomi and her leading questions with a scowl on his handsome face.
Gone was the veneer of camaraderie and the lingering super-sweetness of his attempt to pretend we were all friends here. Instead, I bore the brunt of full-on bossy Roman Ellis as he hissed angrily in my direction.
“Listen, Alice,” he snarled softly enough I know I was the only one who heard, though if anyone looked our way there would be no mistaking his temper tantrum. “I hired you to back me up on this. Paid you a lot of money. Don’t make me regret it.”
He was a bully, had been since we’d met. That much hadn’t changed. Maybe that gave him the nerve to push me around, or try to. I hated to think he’d get away with it this time, too. For a shining moment, I thought of Fiona Fleming, my redheaded friend and her fiery temper. She’d never let someone like Roman gain the upper hand. Maybe I’d grown up a lot myself in the last year or so than I realized, since meeting Denver, since moving to Reading and associating with people who didn’t treat me like I was a freak. And maybe I was over his attitude already. After all, he’d hired me knowing full well I didn’t take orders and that I was always honest about my discoveries. Did he think anything had changed to make me cave to his little dog and pony attempt at impressing Clara Clark so he could get a TV show?
To my personal shock, all of that came to a head and, whether channeling my redheaded friend or finding new depths of my own courage I’d never before uncovered or acknowledge, I talked back.
“You asked me to come here and investigate,” I snapped, jerking my arm out of his grip and glaring. Me. Alice Moore. Glaring at Roman Ellis of all people. What was wrong with me, even? Bubbling hysteria at my sheer bravado only fed this need to stand up to him at last. Surely I’d regret it later, but the feeling of saying no was far too addictive in the instant of its birth I simply couldn’t stop myself. Didn’t want to, either. “I’m here. Investigating. Finding nothing, if you want to know the truth, Roman.” The rebellion on his face, the rejection of my statement, flashed like a warning sign I knew far too well. Why had I agreed to this again? The threat of imminent conflict couldn’t stop me, however. It seemed nothing could. Alice Moore, freight train of her own doom. Speaking the truth felt so good, though. Better than anything I’d ever done. “You know how I work. What made you think I’d lie just to make you look good?”
Roman ground his teeth together hard enough the molars squeaked. “You think I’m paying you ten grand for you to make me look any other way, Alice?”
“That wasn’t part of the contract.” Oh boy. Was it? I’d read it, of course I had. Did Roman somehow bury a clause I didn’t understand clearly that would compel me to falsify my findings? My surge of confidence suffered a blow, the need to speak up retreating in the face of concern I’d made a massive mistake.
From the aggravated fury on his face, I hadn’t missed anything. “I would think you’d be amenable to helping out here,” he said, threatening tone of his voice barely layered with a thin coating of sugar as though he was trying his best to keep me in line while forcing himself to be nice. At least, his flavor of nice. “There could be more work in it for you down the line. When the show is green-lit, if I decide to use you again, you’d be set.” He leaned a little closer, the cloying scent of his cologne choking me. “You might want to think about that before you make any final decisions about what you may or may not find here.”
My turn to grind my teeth, holding onto the strength I’d mustered to reject his control with sheer willpower. “I’m not going to repeat myself,” I said. “My followers trust me because I’m honest. It’s why you hired me, I assume, to give you credibility.” He didn’t argue, though he looked like he wanted to. “I’m willing to keep looking, for what it’s worth. We both know sometimes these things don’t evolve until after dark.”
Roman grunted at that, standing taller, pulling away, momentarily mollified, though the darkness in his eyes told me volumes. “Toe the line,” he said. “A lot is riding on this.”
Denver chose that moment to join us. I glanced at him, noticed his unhappiness, figured Roman was in for an earful. Instead, my boyfriend—my sweet and loving and caring boyfriend who had my back 100% and never, ever did anything to hurt me—met my eyes and crushed me with his words.
“Alice,” he said, voice low, hand on my arm, “please. Just do your part, okay? Everyone’s counting on you.”
I couldn’t catch my breath. Had he known about this? Had he conspired against me with Roman, somehow, plotted to get me here, to contrive to make me lie about the ghost—or lack thereof—and perjure myself in front of an international viewing audience? Had our entire relationship been a deception of its own? He was the grandson of Sadie Hatch, after all. How could I have been so blind?
Denver’s face pinched suddenly. Did he know what I was thinking? When I didn’t speak, wobbling suddenly from the lack of air and forcing myself to breathe, he let me go. Hesitated a moment, as though wanting to speak again but not sure what to say before he turned and walked away, shoulders slumped, head down.
Leaving me in the ashes of the love I’d felt for him not so long ago. I really needed to stop trusting people, apparently. It wasn’t good for my emotional health.
Still reeling from the revelation, I barely registered Roman as he leaned in one last time. “If you don’t back me on this, I swear to you, Alice, I’ll troll you into ruin.” His lips pulled back from those white, white teeth like a rabid dog ready to bite. “I’ll destroy you so thoroughly you’ll never recover. I hope I’ve made myself clear.” He straightened again, sudden beaming smile terrifying in its clear disingenuity. “Shall we go hunt ourselves a ghost?” Roman spun and strode off, leaving me there in the middle of the foyer, alone though the room bustled with activity as the crew continued their setup, icy cold to my core.
His threat wasn’t an empty one. He had far more followers than I did, multitudes of slavering sycophants who would tear me to shreds in the public forum given the least provocation. It was part of the reason I didn’t want to work with him. I’d seen him shred other mediums, psychics, ghost hunters, sending his followers out to do his bidding and banishing those he didn’t approve of or those who tried to call out his frauds from social media and into hiding from the threats and bombardment of endless vitriol that the internet was so ripe with these days.
The chill that settled over me turned to a bright spark of heat in the center of my stomach, blooming as it grew. I fed it with the determination that kept me safe in prison, the same self-preservation that had allowed me to use my gift to prevent those who were incarcerated with me from harming me. No, I hadn’t recruited the bits and pieces of echoes that made the prison their last home to specifically haunt the women who thought they could get away with bullying me. Only a little encouragement here and there, a brief push or tug that allowed them an instant or two of visibility at the right time offered me the protection I needed.
I was given a wide berth, the crazy girl who talked to ghosts. Not that I’d liked it, but for six months, it was all I had. I’d thought I’d left her behind, that young woman who’d been backed against a wall and left to fend for herself in a world that didn’t really care about her all that much. I’d embraced the person I wanted to be when I emerged from the cold, gray walls of my imprisonment, choosing to look ahead instead of behind me. Though I’d fallen back into a pattern of being that found me retreating from conflict, it always seemed safest.
Only now I felt grateful for what I’d been through. Not so I could use ghosts against Roman, not exactly. He might think he had me, and maybe he did, for now. I wasn’t a vindictive person normally, honest. Still, karma had a way, though, didn’t it, of making things right somewhere down the line? I was patient, I’d discovered, had always had that going for me, the long and slow patience of the dead my weapon of last resort.
He had his coming. Maybe sooner than he thought.
As for Denver… I couldn’t think about him right now. Maybe I’d misread him? Misjudged in the heat of the moment. Or maybe I’d been a fool all along and all he really wanted was the fame and recognition that came with being someone like Roman Ellis. I was a fool, had given my heart to someone who was as deceptive as his grandmother. That hurt far worse than the prospect of being forced to lie to keep Roman from destroying me.
Head now held high and doing my best to hide how I felt, I resigned myself to the next twelve or so hours trapped in this house with my heart breaking and my reputation on the line.

***

Chapter Six

I will confess by the time I’d cooled off somewhat I accepted there may have been a certain measure of overreaction on my part when it came to Denver and his lack of support. He’d never once, not ever, gone contrary to my wishes, even so far as to let me choose dinner despite the fact I preferred spicy food and he didn’t. Jumping to conclusions about his choice to encourage me to stay put and earn the money Roman was paying me wasn’t all that giant of a leap and said nothing, if I was going to cut to the bone of my knee-jerk rejection of the man I loved, about how he felt about me.
Darkness loomed, dusk falling over the dark green of the swamp behind the house, casting long shadows of the massive trees over the fresh, white painted columns and chasing off the unbearable heat of the day. I lingered in the doorway of the greenhouse, staring out over the backyard, gathering my thoughts and planning to go in pursuit of Denver with the ultimate goal of apologizing to him despite knowing I hadn’t actually said any of the things I’d been thinking out loud where he could be hurt by them. Still, I knew what had passed through my mind and I couldn’t shake the shame of making him bear the brunt of what was, for all intents and purposes, my burden and baggage neatly packaged to dump on him because I was uncomfortable admitting Roman had me between a rock and this damned plantation house.
Once the sun began to set and the oppressive humidity was replaced with a softening around the edges, I found my irritability fading with the pulse of a headache from excessive heat that left me sticky and unhappy. Mind you, conditions weren’t exactly balmy, but the alleviation seemed to do wonders for my temper. While others didn’t often get to witness the results of it, I did, in fact, harbor surges of emotion tied to anger I suppressed until I could deal with them on my own.
No chance of that here. I’d just have to continue to either suppress how I was feeling or, now that I’d done it once before, try out this unfamiliar stance that had me holding ground in a way I’d never experienced before.
Well, not entirely true. I’d done so at Fee’s side, once upon a time. I’d actually forced myself past my usual response to conflict and been a busybody right alongside her. The exception to the rule being I had her to make me brave, not to mention the need to know what had really happened to the woman who’d almost ruined my life.
I didn’t have Fee with me in this case, though, and I suppose it wasn’t an odd thing to wish she was available. She’d know how to handle someone like Roman, wouldn’t let him push her around. She’d have everyone on the crew as her best friend in heartbeat, too. Not that I wanted to be her, but… I missed her so acutely in that instant it made my chest hurt.
Funny how the icy interior of the house paired with the ridiculous humidity outside made my emotional ups and downs almost as aggressive. Could I blame it for my odd need to be like Fee Fleming, then? Perhaps. If that was what it took to make it through the night.
I turned at last, with a long sigh of regret, from the fading sunset and headed back into the greenhouse, heading for the kitchen. It really was stunningly beautiful here and, now that the interior of the glassed in extension to Princely House was no longer baking in the sun, the lush overgrowth of flowers and plants, paired with that earthy scent of soil recently disturbed, gave me pause. I guess I was finally in a place I could appreciate what was right in front of me.
No parallels with Denver intended.
As I stopped to dip my nose into a blushing blossom of some flower I couldn’t identify, the aroma achingly delicious, the door to the kitchen slammed open and two people stormed through. I held still out of a sense of self-preservation, uncomfortable knowing I was about to overhear what was likely a private conversation but not sure how to make myself known now that several seconds had passed.
“You have to keep me off the cameras.” That was Larry. He sounded furious. “You promised.”
“You’re part of the show, old buddy.” I knew Roman’s wheedling tone from anywhere. “This is your house. You’re the star as much as Juliet, right?”
“I’m trying to save my business, not ruin my reputation.” Larry’s anger wasn’t softening any. “Why did I let you talk me into this?”
“Because you owe me one, old friend.” That sounded far too much like blackmail to me. Someone grunted then, flesh striking fabric but in a way that was likely meant to be friendly. A pat on the shoulder, perhaps? “Trust me, Larry. I’ll make you famous.”
Another grunt. “If I wanted to be famous, I’d have gone into show business myself.” There was a long sigh. “I’m going to lose everything, Roman. If I do? I’m taking you with me.” There was a rustling sound, stomping feet on stone and then Larry moved past where I hovered behind the towering plants, watching him go.
Roman went after him, smirking, hands in his pockets, clearly unphased by his friend’s threat. Whatever the two of them had going, Roman obviously thought he maintained the upper hand.
I waited a few more moments, not wanting to run into either of the men on my way back into the house. They didn’t need to know I’d overheard their conflict. I was under enough scrutiny and had already had Roman threaten me. If he thought I knew something I shouldn’t, I’d only add to my troubles.
I really hated feeling vulnerable, rubbing at one elbow, feeling the ache there from just a few days ago when I’d hit Ranger Matt Winston a bit off center and given myself a bruise. Not that I was in the habit of striking law enforcement officers, but his girlfriend, Deputy Jill Wagner, had volunteered him as a target for her self-defense class at the local high school gym. While I wasn’t the most physical person in the world, preferring more passive means of solving problems, it was obvious to me thanks to the adventures of my friend Fee, knowing how to defend myself might be a good idea.
Yes, I’d learned a few things in prison, but nothing like what Jill taught us. Nor, I admitted then, what I’d learned just from watching Fee. We’d met when I’d investigated the death of Manuel Cortez and, subsequently, the murder of Denver’s grandmother, both with Fee’s help. I still blushed, thinking about the measure of shero worship that still lingered around my friendship with the amazing redhead who ran Reading’s bed and breakfast. I wished often times I was so fearless. She’d come face-to-face with murderers and brought them all to justice, often putting herself in harm’s way in the process. And though I wasn’t all that keen on being in danger, there was a certain verve to Fee Fleming and her outlook on life that made me wish I had a bit more of her courage.
That same courage I’d called on not so long ago. Thanks, Fee.
I wondered as I finally headed for the kitchen if she thought it odd I’d approached her in the gym to ask her if she’d mind if I called her from time-to-time. I must have sounded like a freak, though since I’d been rather odd my entire life according to almost everyone I knew, it wasn’t a stretch or anything that awkward weirdness came into play. Fee had been so gracious and easy going about agreeing to talk out cases I’d almost forgotten to thank her. I sighed into the lingering dampness as I approached the kitchen door, shaking my head and knowing I was blushing, grateful this time for the warmth that would hide my embarrassment.
Fee was a real detective, despite her protestations and the disapproval of our sheriff, Crew Turner. Me? I got to hang out with dead people. Big difference.
Denver started as I passed through the glass door but approached immediately when I stopped, hesitating, rubbing at that sore spot on my elbow again as if triggering the pain would help me keep myself from falling apart trying to apologize.
He beat me to it, arms going around me, tucking me into his chest. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered. “I shouldn’t have said that in the foyer. This is your thing, Al. I need to trust you and I didn’t.” He pulled back, swallowing so his Adam’s apple bobbed in a painful bounce. “We won’t take on any jobs from now on unless you want to. Okay?”
I hugged him then, the horrible wash of judgment and doubt that had hit me harder than anything ever had gone in a wave of love for him. “Okay,” I whispered back.
When I let him go, he shrugged, hands deep in the front pockets of his jeans. “Do you want to go?” I could hear the hesitation in his voice, knew he was thinking about the money we’d been paid, that he’d spent, and I sighed, shaking my head.
“One night,” I said. “Enough to satisfy the contract. Then, we walk.”
Denver bobbed a nod at me, tiny smile tugging at his lips, lighting his brown eyes. “Finding anything?”
I shook my head, following him as he turned to head back into the main house. “Nothing,” I said, keeping my voice down. “I’m not surprised.”
Denver chewed his lower lip, looking nervous all over again. “Roman’s not going to like it.”
I almost told my boyfriend where Roman could shove what he liked and didn’t like and giggled instead. There was Fee and her attitude against anything resembling control over what she wanted to do rubbing off on me again, bless her. “It’ll be okay,” I said, knowing suddenly it would. I wouldn’t lie. Roman could try to ruin me, would probably succeed. That didn’t change the fact I had Denver and social media destruction only lasted so long. Once new, shiny scandals came along, my fall from grace would be forgotten.
We’d be fine. More than fine. I was sure of it.
Feeling far more confident and with the man I loved at my side, I headed for the last stage of the investigation as night fell over Princely House.

***

Chapter Seven

It was interesting, I had to admit, observing Roman’s team at work. Because I was so accustomed to the simple, straight-forward and often lacking in visual appeal of my type of investigation, watching the last pieces of the web series puzzle fall into place while the cameras and sound equipment were tested, retested and then linked together into a network of observation that would surely increase Larry Princely’s power bill considerably was oddly intriguing.
I carefully stepped over a thick, black cable taped to the floor, grateful I wasn’t the one who had to remove adhesive from the polished surface when this was all over. In fact, I fully intended to be out and on our way back to Reading by the time dawn lit the Eastern horizon. I did note Denver seemed rather protective of one of the cameras and assumed he’d set up for our benefit—or his, at least—so my quick escape might not be as rapid as I’d hoped.
I glanced over Andre’s shoulder at one point and the computer tablet he constantly checked. The screen was divided into what looked like six separate feeds, in various parts of the house. Because I’d completed my tour already, I easily identified each of the spaces they’d chosen for the investigation. The staircase arched forward from one of the camera’s view, the top step to the foyer floor clearly visible. Another was aimed into the greenhouse, though I did wonder how they’d protected the delicate electronics from the humidity lingering there. Not my problem. The third appeared to be focused on the bottom of the steps and it was easy enough to spot the camera in question, mounted on a large tripod, aimed at the foyer itself. Four was Juliet’s old bedroom and five was the back stairs to the kitchen. The sixth showed a full view of the attic.
I almost pointed out they’d failed to aim cameras at the upstairs hallway itself, then decided against it. There wasn’t going to be a ghost sighting, after all, so what did I care? Denver’s camera(s), from what I saw of his own feed on his phone, turned out to be twofold—aimed at the bottom of the stairs as well, and another at the top, with a similar vantage point as Roman’s, though Denver had, at least, partially taken in the hallway to the left.
Far more interesting to me, however, was the interaction of the team members themselves. I found a quiet window ledge to perch on in the main foyer and chose to take a few minutes to observe how they got along, not at all surprised to note the tension and discord rippling between them.
Well, not all of them. It was fairly easy to see the rather personal relationship between Roman and Naomi, at least to someone observing them as I was. The subtle touches, secret glances and brief momentary encounters made it clear to me there was much more going on between them than a purely business connection. I wondered if Noah was aware, since he’d been known in the past to assault his twin sister’s suitors. I’d witnessed one such attack a few years ago in Boston the last time I’d worked with Roman and his team. While I personally disliked bars and rarely drank (spirits had easier access to me when my mind was altered, it turned out), I’d done my best to fit in with the team when they’d retreated to grab a beer at a local hangout.
It was a wonder the guy Noah punched in the face hadn’t pressed charges. Then again, I wouldn’t know, since I’d quickly left after the fight broke out. Noah didn’t need me to defend his sister’s honor, especially since she’d been flirting with the guy in the first place. I’d chosen escape over interference since having a record and interacting with the police still made me nervous.
I shook my head at myself, taking note it seemed to be mostly Naomi instigating the contact with Roman. But, more tragically, was the longing way Andre watched her watch their boss. Noah did appear oblivious, however, so maybe this three way disaster waiting to happen might not devolve into anything. Hopefully not tonight, at any rate. What occurred after I left them was their problem.
Part of me always felt a bit guilty about observing people, making assumptions about them, but it had been who I was for so long I didn’t know how to stop. Since I ended up being right nine times out of ten, it was difficult to rein in my curiosity about interactions between the people I observed. I knew I spent far too much time on the outside looking in, that my particular ability made it easy for me to retreat and become an observer rather than a participant in life, but I took comfort at times from the silent near invisibility sitting back and simply watching afforded me.
The thing was, most people assumed I was focused on the dead because of my set of skills and tended to avoid me or leave me be to do my thing, including Denver at times. I knew from conversations with clients in the past that my silence was seen as a sign to avoid me either because of discomfort with my abilities or out of respect for my process. If they only knew, I just loved people, my curiosity about the living far more powerful than my contact with the dead.
I shouldn’t have been surprised Roman didn’t react like most people, self-absorbed enough in his own awesomeness his imperious gesture to me was the call to a servant, the command in that simple wave reinforcing my dislike for him while assuring me he could care less about my process as long as he got what he wanted.
If only he knew my observations of him reduced his power over me rather than increasing it. Satisfied with my growing confidence I could handle whatever he threw at me, I joined him and the rest of the team now gathered to accept their assignments for the night. Larry Princely was the only one who looked particularly uncomfortable, but despite agreeing with him about this entire fiasco, I was at least very good at hiding how I felt.
“We’re going to work on a rotating schedule,” he said while Naomi nodded. “Me and Nomi are upstairs.” She seemed pleased about that, the nickname clearly acceptable. “Noah, you’re with Alice.” His eyes met mine, command behind them. “I want you two portable the first two hours, cruising the whole house. Let’s be mysterious, people.” Noah didn’t seem surprised by the order, and I suppose I wasn’t either. “Andre, you and tech boy are in the vans.” He didn’t even look at Denver, or his own employee, as far as that went. I fought off a surge of annoyance and repeated to myself over and over I only had to make it to dawn. “Clara,” Roman turned to the producer with one of his million watt smiles, “you are here to observe, but feel free to pick up a camera, wander the house. We’d love for you to be the one to meet Juliet.”
Clara didn’t look impressed. “If she makes an appearance.”
Roman’s lack of response made me instantly suspicious. Did he have something planned?
“Ems,” he moved on to his girlfriend who looked very unhappy he’d chosen to work with Naomi, glaring at the other woman, arms crossed over her narrow chest. “You’ll be with Larry manning the stair cam. You know what to do. Nomi and I will head to the attic to start. I want you all audible and tense. Talk it out with the spirits, yeah? We’ll switch out and you two can head down to the greenhouse for a bit. We’ll all rotate positions to keep the visuals fresh. I’ll let you know when it’s time to move.” He clapped his hands together, beaming. “Let’s make paranormal magic, people!”
The next several hours unfolded exactly as expected. I wandered the house with Noah following me, asking me annoying questions that I mostly ignored. I did my due diligence, however, making sure to pause in each room and check for the shivery, cold and often disquieting feeling of lingering spirits. I took my time, three hours passing slowly and in agonizing frustration. Not because I didn’t want to do what I was doing. If I’d been alone I could have passed the whole night drifting from one place to another, enjoying the quiet darkness of the house. I rather loved the place, if I was going to be totally honest, the tall ceilings and big rooms and airy feeling of the plantation embracing me.
The trouble was, of course, the constant chatter of the guy behind the camera who didn’t give me a moment’s peace. If I heard him ask, “Are you getting anything?” one more time I was going to share some rather nasty swearwords he could use for posterity.
We occasionally encountered the others, but not often, since I did my best to avoid them. If there was a spirit here, it was more likely she’d show up to me when I wasn’t crowded with others. I almost made that mention to Noah, but shrugged it off. I was doing my job. That would have to be sufficient.
A half hour or so before midnight, Roman’s voice came over the two-way Noah had hung at his hip.
“Let’s meet in the hall above the main stairs and switch positions.”
Since Noah and I were in the far bedroom, the master a lush oasis I would have loved to call my own with gossamer curtains hung around the gorgeous four-poster, a breeze that smelled of fresh outdoors and flowers making me smile, we were the last to join the group. It was obvious from the scowl on her face, clear in the faint light of the tablet Naomi was perusing, the visiting producer wasn’t happy.
“Nothing’s happening,” she complained to Roman. “This makes for boring viewing, just so you know.”
He pressed one big hand to his heart, eyes huge in the low light. “Have you ever known one of my shows to bore, Clara?”
She grunted, shrugged. “Get on with it, then,” she said.
He slipped an arm around her shoulders. “Why don’t you join me,” he said, nodding to Naomi who frowned but didn’t argue. “Let’s switch up teams, shall we? Nomi, you’re with Ems.” That wasn’t going to end well. The pair’s animosity flared up between them, something Roman was either counting on for video of interest or missed out on entirely. I assumed the former. “Clara and I will keep touring the house.” His gaze snapped to me. “Noah, why don’t you wander off on your own? Give Alice here her own camera.”
Noah seemed surprised by that before muttering something into his two-way.
“Maybe being on your own will help you uncover the spirit we seek.” Roman’s rather formal suggestion told me he knew he was on camera still. “I know you prefer to work alone. Let’s see what you can find when you’re not distracted.” There was enough weight behind his words I took that “suggestion” as a threat and chose to ignore it anyway.
“We’ll see,” I said. He wanted mysterious? He’d get down-right nothing from me. I hoped that was mysterious enough for him.
The front door opened, Andre trotting across the foyer and up the stairs with a small black box in his hands. Roman snapped his fingers at the tech, annoyed suddenly.
“I said a camera,” he snarled.
Andre tensed, shooting his boss an angry look. “She doesn’t have experience with a hand held,” he shot back. “This body cam is the best option.”
“I decide what the best option is.” Roman actually muscled his way toward us, chest out, Andre not backing down. Something was going on between them, something I’d missed. Or had I? Were they both aware of Naomi’s preferences and it was becoming an issue between them?
Emma stepped between the two men, one hand on Roman’s chest. “Easy. He’s just doing his job.” She glanced over her shoulder at the tech who seemed to soften a little at her support.
Roman, on the other hand, took it personally. I watched the anger flash over his face and knew he’d be editing out the next few minutes. “Mind your own business,” he snarled at his girlfriend. “You’re only here as a filler. Remember that.”
I had the distinct impression he wasn’t just talking about the show tonight. Emma certainly took it personally, bursting into tears after a short, shocked moment, turning and running down the steps and disappearing on her way deeper into the house. The empath in me wanted to go after her and comfort her, but we’d never been friends and I was already in Roman’s bad books.
Besides, she’d chosen him as her boyfriend. She had to have known what she was getting herself into.
“Can we please get back to work already?” Naomi’s compassion was nowhere to be seen. She seemed annoyed instead, Noah nodding, while Andre turned back to me, scowl so deep I worried a little as he readied the camera he then settled over my hair, mounted on an elastic strap that clung to me and allowed my hands freedom. Despite my concern, however, his touch was gentle and efficient and the moment he was done he turned and left, heading back to the front door which he didn’t quite slam behind him.
I should have been prepared for what came next. How did I allow him to catch me in a weak moment? As I looked back from Andre’s departure, I caught the gleam in Roman’s eyes and realized everything that happened up to this point was actually a part of the show. The argument with Emma, the conflict with Andre, all of it. That became acutely obvious as Roman closed the distance between us, face tight and a little angry.
“Alice,” he said, though he made my name sound like a command instead of a form of address, “it’s time for your input in all this. What have you found?”
Just like that, I was in my least favorite position of all time. On the spot with nothing at all to give him. The worst part of all was the fact he knew it, had set me up for this.
If he wanted conflict on camera, he was about to get it. I drew a deep breath, hoping I was as prepared for this battle as I told myself I would be, and shook my head. “There are no ghosts here,” I said, firm and playing my best confident role. He was the only one who could act a part. “You’re wasting your time.”

***

Chapter Eight

Roman was ready for me and the response I’d had no choice but to deliver, it turned out. He seemed near glee as he pounced on me energetically while crowding me physically, my distinct discomfort with his closing proximity making me back up a step. An act I instantly regretted since it weakened my position and left me trembling.
Roman seized the advantage and loomed over me, disdainful rejection of everything I stood for vibrating in his voice. “I expected as much from you, Alice,” he said, jabbing a finger in Larry’s direction, his tone practically vibrating with fake concern and protective passion for the supposed victim of this fake haunting. I watched the camera on Noah’s shoulder pivot, just as Naomi’s did at the same instant, one covering my present circumstance and the other the pale face of the Princely House owner. Too smooth to be unplanned, far too scripted not to have been set in motion prior to this conversation. I knew better. I knew better. What was I doing giving Roman any kind of ammunition against me? I struggled to regain my composure, my new confidence, though my opponent was far from done. “You’d let this poor man and his small business suffer because of an old rivalry, is that it?” He was turning this on me? Of course he was, there shouldn’t have been any surprise there. Was this, then, why I was here? “Shame on you, Alice. Denying our host’s plight so you can make me look bad.” Roman’s expression turned to devastated and he ran one hand over his face as though appalled by my behavior when he was the child performing for what had to be the most gullible audience in the world if they bought this act of his. “What kind of monster are you?”
It took every ounce of energy in my body to keep from running away. I hated confrontations, despised them, loathed them with every fiber of my being. He’d set me up for this one, too, created this conflict. There was no other reason he’d invited me here then pushed me to stand up to him by threatening me with ruin by his own hand. He had to have known the haunting wasn’t real. Why then had he paid me so much money to be here if he just wanted to humiliate me?
Because I wouldn’t have come otherwise. So was this a vendetta or did he have some larger plan in mind? I swallowed hard, rigid with discomfort, but refused to let him bully me this way. No matter what happened, I was standing my ground, even if my voice shook and he made me cry. The horror of that thought, his crew catching me sobbing in anxiety on camera actually helped a lot, pulling me back from the brink of just that. “I would think the fact I’m not detecting anything untoward is a good thing for Mr. Princely.” Just the barest shake to my voice, excellent. Deep breaths helped. I didn’t intend to be so formal, but Roman had me at a disadvantage and weirdo Alice who read far too many books that were far too advanced for a small child who consumed them eagerly none the less made an appearance. She’d always been my shield, the freak teen girl with the giant vocabulary who everyone picked on because she was about as socially awkward as she was unattractive at least knew where she stood in the world. I hadn’t called on her in ages, though, not since I’d decided who I was suited me just fine and no one had to like me, thank you, since I did. A lot.
Leave it to Roman Ellis to remind me of the girl I used to be. On the other hand, kudos to me for using her to my advantage.
“I should have invited a legit medium,” Roman said then, turning his shoulder to me, facing the camera, head down. When he looked up again, I caught his anguished expression in profile as he reached one hand toward Larry. “I’m sorry, bro. I’m failing you here. But we’re not quitting, I promise. We’re going to figure this out and free you from this ghost if it takes all night.”
The owner of the house clearly didn’t know how to react because his expression wavered between confusion and disgust. Could he see through Roman’s act? More than likely, if he’d known him as long as all that. Despite his reaction, however, Larry Princely didn’t call out his old friend on the deceptive act he portrayed for the cameras aimed at his artful expression of determination and, I’m sure, what Roman thought was heroic commitment. He made me quite literally sick.
He wasn’t done with me, not yet. Roman turned back to me then, face hardening, shoulders squared, his guise of steadfast leader settling around him like a cloak. “Witnesses don’t lie, Alice Moore,” he said, voice just shy of booming, likely to keep the volume on the cameras from clipping into squealing noise. How practiced he was at deception. If I wasn’t so shaken by this encounter, orchestrated to do just that, I might have felt a much more detached curiosity about his performance skills. He really was quite good. “I’ve had goosebumps all night.” He rubbed at both bare arms with his big hands, looking around then as though expecting a ghost to leap out at us at any moment.
It would have been an excellent choice to simply keep my mouth shut and allow him to continue on with his plan. The thing was, I honestly believed in what I did, in what I do. Shows like his, playacting at the paranormal, did nothing to help those who really needed it and only perpetuated the myths and lies about the dead. That I simply couldn’t abide, despite my trembling knees and the knot of anxiety in my stomach.
That’s how I found myself confronting him, speaking in a voice still shaken but firming as I tilted my chin up to answer. “Goosebumps and witnesses aside,” I said, finding the words I spoke helped me regain a fraction of my composure and the Alice I was now, “I can only tell you what I sense, Roman. Believe me, if anything comes up, you’ll be the first to know.” I sighed inwardly and turned toward Larry, knowing I was kowtowing to Roman in that moment but honestly feeling, as I often did with clients, like I needed to apologize for not finding what they were sure haunted them. “I’m not giving up,” I said. “You may want to consider there’s an alternate explanation for the things your guests have encountered.”
Larry nodded slowly to me, shrugged. A heartbeat after his shoulders rose and fell, Roman sliced one hand across his neck and, as the cameras descended, he clapped me on the shoulder with a big grin.
“Nicely done,” he said. “We’ll make a star of you yet. Now, go find a ghost and yell loudly when you do.”
In other words, regardless of what I might or might not feel, Roman was expecting a performance.
I retreated from everyone else, grateful to be on my own. Maybe Roman thought it was a punishment, but I saw it as a reprieve. No more uncomfortable and endless chatter, no longer the foolishly empty questions from behind the camera. I did feel silly with the rig on my head, wondering what kind of view Andre was getting from the bobbing camera that perched over my eyes, capturing what I saw. I had no idea if there was a microphone on the camera, though it was likely to be the case, but I refused to create any kind of running dialogue regardless. Roman would have a silent tour of the house and would likely turn it into some kind of creepy music montage that he could label as an Alicecam or something similarly ridiculous.
The big grandfather clock in the foyer boomed its midnight tolling as I descended the stairs from the attic, heading for the second floor again. What was often called the witching hour rarely, in my experience, made locating ghosts any easier. If they were to be found, they would have come to me on their own accord by now. The tolling of 12AM meant little to the real spirit world.
I was, however, fairly certain if I’d been in Roman’s presence at that moment I’d be furiously annoyed by his overhyped exaggeration of what the time meant. Good thing I was alone then. Alone and irritated and ghost-free. No surprises here.
Which was why I jumped and screeched a little—just a little—at the sound of a blood curdling scream coming from somewhere to my left. Without thinking, heart pounding and adrenaline getting the best of me, I ran down the last three steps and turned left, toward the horrible sound. Stuttered to a halt partway down the hall toward the main staircase and froze, mouth gaping, at the sight before me.
A glowing figure walked through a wall, passed around the corner to the sweeping staircase descending to the foyer, and disappeared.

***

Chapter Nine

My arms ached from crossing them tightly over my chest, doing my best to stay out of the way while the crew chattered excitedly over the footage. I’d reluctantly joined the rest of the ghost hunters in the foyer to take a look at what appeared to be a glowing figure, indistinct to my eyes but Juliet to everyone else, exiting the wall of the hallway and disappearing at the top of the steps. She (and I used that term loosely) had only been visible a few seconds, though from the scream in the room on the other side of the wall—a spare bedroom where Naomi had happened to be filming—the supposed spirit of the dead teenager had begun her journey earlier than I witnessed.
The camera at the top of the stairs had only caught the briefest of glows, the angle all wrong. As for Naomi’s, she’d spun apparently at the last second and only caught a glimpse of the retreating light. Which meant, as far as I was concerned, little. In fact, from my perspective, it was all highly suspect.
Especially since the fallacy that spirits actually glowed was so far off the mark I wanted to scream. Whoever had clearly set up this apparition for our benefit had done so on the premise that ghosts exuded some unearthly white light, a Hollywoodesque expectation that had been making the rounds for years.
The thing was, real spirits didn’t look like ghosts. Not the ones I saw, at any rate. If anything, there were times I’d even mistaken the freshly dead for living people, at least at first. Even Denver’s clever holographic projector had utilized that truth. I’d informed Sadie of the reality of ghostly apparitions many years ago and Denver had incorporated the authentic appearance of spirits in his fakery. Mind you, angry spirits could sometimes muster light, as had been the case with Manuel Cortez. In general, however, random spirits didn’t glow, at least not at the level this one did.
This attempt at a haunting only reinforced to me I was being used in an elaborate plot aimed at Roman Ellis acquiring a television show of his very own.
Denver glanced at me, frowning, shaking his head. Was he urging me to stay quiet or siding with me on the fakery? It didn’t matter, not really. No one was going to listen to me while Roman snapped orders, sending the crew off to use their various gadgets to check for evidence beyond the brief glimpse caught on camera.
I’d seen the so-called spirit, had experience with this sort of chicanery. In fact, this was typically part of the job I usually did for those who hired me. Uncovering and debunking fraudulent hauntings was the basis of my work. The few times I’d actually encountered real spirits bent on causing discomfort to the living made it worth it. Rare, and immensely satisfying.
This clearly wasn’t one of those cases. Not that Roman or his team seemed to care. He spun on me, his crew scrambling with cameras rolling yet again, tight grin vicious.
“Told you,” he said.
“I didn’t feel anything,” I shot back, defensive despite knowing it wasn’t going to do me any good. Neither was Noah’s lens aimed at the two of us.
“Maybe you’re slipping.” Roman shrugged. “That was a ghost.”
“More likely a fraud,” I snapped, hating I was playing into his hands my ability to talk back only getting me into trouble now. I needed to retreat into quiet Alice again, but for some reason was unable to stop myself.
No. Not some reason. The most important one. This was my job, my calling, my gift. No one treated it like a game, not on my watch, even if it meant I put myself in a position that guaranteed I’d bear the brunt of conflict. Not like this. “Give me a bit and I’ll prove it.”
His grin didn’t fade, but he did turn his back on me and walk away. Which meant, of course, he was the source of the ghost and was absolutely positive I’d never find what I was looking for.
You know what? We’d just see about that.
I immediately nabbed Denver and dragged him along with me. My boyfriend didn’t argue, bless him, instead helping me search for hiding equipment, projection screens, cameras that could possibly explain what had happened. Denver and I combed carefully over the bedroom, the hallway, the stairs for the next hour or so, everyone else already moved on to their next location. By the time I was done, admitting defeat and more frustrated than ever, I was ready to cut and leave.
Denver hugged me as I stood in the dark hallway, fuming. “It’s going to be okay,” he said. Platitudes weren’t helping.
“It’s not,” I shot back, temper getting the best of me easier to let it out with him, ironically. “Roman set this up somehow and he’s manipulating me, his team, Clara. It’s a fake, Denver, and I’m wrapped up in it.” That was the most infuriating part, honestly. Roman could do what he wanted. The fact he’d drawn me into his lies, however, had constructed this whole scheme to legitimize himself, made my blood boil.
Denver obviously didn’t know what to say. I turned and walked away from him, needing space and time to decompress. I spent the next half hour or so reexamining the entire house from top to bottom, checking for spirits, even trying to summon one out of the surrounding countryside. Nothing, not a whisper. The echoes of those who lived here had long moved on and the tragedy that befell Juliet Princely hadn’t, as far as I could tell, kept her here any longer than the time it took for her to die from a broken neck.
Case closed. So why then did lingering doubt form an uncomfortable ball in the pit of my stomach and send me circling the drain of confidence shaken? By the time I was ready to descend into the foyer again from the second floor, heading for the kitchen and the greenhouse, I actually had myself worked up into a frenzy of what if. After all, I hadn’t found any proof, had I? What if Roman hadn’t set this up and somehow my gift failed me and Juliet Princely did show and I was ruing myself by doubting when I should just trust and accept? I hated the what ifs, had fallen into the trap of those two little words far too often as a child, a teenager, a young adult riddled with self-doubt. It took me a long time—and six months in prison—to create a measure of outward confidence I fought every day to maintain, failing more often than not.
That was the most hurtful part of all of this, of the giant mess I’d found myself in. Not the risk to my reputation, not the conflict with Denver, however brief or my own fault. It was the solid blow to my hard-won modicum of self-esteem that cut the deepest.
My stumbling steps carried me down from the attic toward the second floor hallway. I was deeply sunk into the dark thoughts devouring me from the inside out and, because of that, I barely registered a faint scuffling sound followed by a soft thud and then, a moment later, another. Someone obviously dropped something or was adjusting equipment and, as I stepped into the hall, I hesitated. I really didn’t want to encounter anyone right now, to be forced to express what I was feeling and experiencing in words to another human being. I didn’t even want to see Denver, truth be told, wishing I could simply walk out into the Florida night and vanish.
I dragged my feet, head down, pausing at last at the head of the stairs, jaw aching from clenching it so tightly, and nodded to myself in a surge of renewed control. Money or no money, I was done being a pawn to Roman and his aspirations. I was finished with manipulations and bullying and everything else to do with anyone having any say over my work, my actions or how I felt about who I was.
I exhaled deeply, stomping down the steps, eyes locked on the front door, the darkness almost complete but for the faint reflection of illumination from the moon, newly risen. Roman could have his money back. I’d find a job to fill in the gaps that didn’t make me feel like I’d sold out or wasn’t worthy of the gift I’d been given. I was so done, I could taste it.
Something soft deflected my sneaker as I hit the foyer proper, my balance lost, sending me tumbling to the floor. Both hands in front of me, a gasp of surprise shaking me from my focus, I landed hard on whatever tripped me, realizing almost immediately it was another person. The familiar scent of his cologne told me who it was, and I almost snapped a comment, except when I pushed away to ask him why he was lying on the floor, I realized his staring and vacant expression meant unless his own spirit chose to make an appearance, Roman Ellis wasn’t going to be talking to anyone ever again.
However it happened, whatever the cause, he was very dead.

***

Chapter Ten

Sheriff Gary Green didn’t like me. It was obvious enough in the gruff and unwelcoming tone of his voice, the way his dark brown handlebar mustache streaked with wiry gray hairs poking off in odd directions bristled and undulated with a life of its own, how his dark hazel eyes squinted down at me as though I were the source of all that was wrong in the world and actually almost succeeded in making me believe it.
I had never been comfortable talking with law enforcement, made worse because of my record. It was the first thing Sheriff Green mentioned, so he’d obviously done a background check on me before coming to the plantation house. Despite the fact I’d reiterated over and over again the circumstances by which I’d quite literally stumbled over Roman’s body, Sheriff Green seemed insatiably focused on my past as one big, meaty hand clutched at his pen, hovering over the small pad of paper he ignored, not a note taken through this entire joke of a lesson in small town law enforcement intimidation.
Why did I let it work on me? I might not have been a convicted murderer, but I did spend six months in prison for blackmail. That appeared to be sufficient evidence in the sheriff’s estimation to make me capable of killing someone else.
“You can guess, Miss Moore,” he said in that harsh drawl of his, large and protruding belly hanging over the thick belt holding up his jeans vibrating slightly from the force of his words, “how happy I am to be out here on a Sunday morning.” That was my fault too, apparently. “But we need to make sure we get this whole story sorted out and straightened into a solid line before I can move on.” He looked down at the empty sheet of his pad and grunted as if only then realizing he hadn’t written down a single word, flipping the cover closed and tucking it and the pen into the breast pocket of his dark green uniform shirt. “Now, tell me again, if you would be so kind, what a convicted felon is doing finding murder suspects in the middle of the night?”
If he planned on focusing on that one detail, we weren’t going to get anywhere. I didn’t feel any particular unhappiness at Roman’s death and knew that made me a bad person, but I wasn’t guilty of murder. My only real regret was the fact I’d lingered long enough to be the one to find him.
“As I’ve already told you,” I sighed, “my incarceration was for blackmail.” I hated saying it out loud like that, but he wasn’t giving me much of a choice. I wasn’t guilty. I’d been set up, thanks to Sadie. According to the state of Iowa, however, I had been convicted and had to own it. “I’m hardly a serial killer.”
Sheriff Green was obviously looking for an easy answer and grunted his displeasure at my continuing claims of innocence. A truth that wasn’t helped by Naomi’s interruption. Tear-stained cheeks and reddened eyes made it obvious she’d been crying, nothing fake about that. Nor was the anger in her expression as she jabbed a finger at me, accusation in her very being.
“Tell him about how you hated Roman,” she choked. “Tell him you fought, that you didn’t want to be here, that you are a fraud.” Noah grabbed his sister, dragging her away, back to the huddle of the rest of the crew where they waited to have their own kick at the interrogation can. “Tell him why you did it!”
I really needed that kind of support right now, thanks, Naomi. I knew she was just grieving. Then again, as far as I knew she really did believe I killed Roman. Regardless of her motives, whether to deflect from herself and the others and onto me or out of sheer ridiculousness fed by her sorrow, she’d just put me in a terrible position.
I was going to end up in a cell any second now. Could this day get any worse?
Before the sheriff could take any kind of action that involved handcuffs and me in the back seat of his cruiser, the young woman who’d joined the EMTs just a short time ago left the body, now loaded on a gurney and tucked inside a body bag, out of sight, to interrupt the one-sided conversation I seemed to be having with the man in front of me. She nodded to me, the oversized black windbreaker she wore with “Coroner” written in large white letters across the back and “Nice Funeral Services” embroidered over her heart, took focus.
“Sheriff,” she said. “You want my notes?”
He blew out a breath, fanning his mustache briefly. “Whatcha got, Danny?”
I noted her name was also stitched into her jacket, over her right arm. Danielle Nice. I was aware small towns typically used local morticians as their coroners and was surprised to find she looked about my age. Despite that, Sheriff Green seemed to respect her and when she spoke, he listened. So, he wasn’t sexist, at least. Just lazy, then? Looking for an easy slam-dunk and I was it.
“Looks like a broken neck,” she said, dark ponytail tossed behind her shoulder, big, pale eyes making her look almost like a china doll. Despite living in Florida she had the palest skin, thick black lashes and a pointed chin. I almost called her delicate in my head. Tiny was more like it. I wasn’t massive by any means, but at 5’5” I was at least average height. Danny Nice maybe hit five feet and if she didn’t eat a hamburger the girl was going to blow away in a stiff wind.
Still, there was a solid strength to her, a sense of grounding that maybe came from her profession. I dealt with the dead on a different level, but the experience of working with death did lend one a certain gravity she clearly embraced.
Sheriff Green nodded then, looking up the steps. “From the fall?”
“Seems likely.” Danny tucked her hands into the pockets of her windbreaker, shrugging, before turning a grin on me. “Crazy, right?” She freed a hand to poke me with one index finger, pale gray eyes sparkling. “Of all the people to fall over a dead body, it has to be Alice freaking Moore.”
The sheriff’s expression tightened again. “You don’t say.”
Danny might have been amused, but he wasn’t. She eye rolled and punched him firmly in the shoulder. “Give over, Gary,” she said as if he was being foolish and really needed to get a grip already. “Haven’t you read Alice’s blog? It’s the best.” The young mortician beamed at me. “Pop over to the parlor at some point before you go? I’d love a pic with you.” She winked. “You should be asking Alice here for her input, not assuming she’s a murderer. When I haven’t even figured out if it is murder.” She shot him an annoyed look that made him visibly uncomfortable, his soft spluttering of protest cut off as she went on. “I’ll let you know if it was an accident,” she stressed that word before turning her attention to me, “once I get a good look at the body. Until then, though, I’m up for a bit of speculation.” Her teeth were perfect and very white when she smiled at me in eager anticipation. “What you think, huh, Alice? If it was murder, did Juliet kill him or what?”
I found myself grinning back, shaking my head. Despite the circumstances, I found myself relaxing a little and really liking Danny Nice. “I highly doubt it,” I said, turning to the sheriff then, feeling a bit braver than I had now that I had backup. “I didn’t kill Roman,” I said, “but if you have other questions for me, I’m happy to answer them. Including who I think you should be talking to.” I kept that quieter than the rest of my offer, if only to keep the others from hearing me. They didn’t need to know how much I’d been thinking about the interactions I’d witnessed between Roman and the rest of them and that my suspicions were growing against one or two of them. Or three. Then again, maybe they all had motives, aside from Denver.
I wouldn’t ever believe something like this of my boyfriend even if he confessed.
Instead of taking me up on my suggestion, however, the sheriff grunted one more time and scowled at Danny. He jerked his thumb toward the door and she followed when he turned to walk away, grinning at me again like I had nothing to worry about.
I almost believed her, until Sheriff Green paused and spun back toward me as if in afterthought. “Don’t leave town, Miss Moore,” he said. Danny sighed heavily and pushed against him, manhandling the much larger sheriff toward the door while I hugged myself, acutely aware of the fact Danny had brought up the crux of the matter.
Whether an accident or premeditated murder, Roman Ellis died exactly as Juliet Princely had. 
I didn’t believe in coincidence.

***

Chapter Eleven

The last thing I wanted to do was join the others and face their judgments and grief, but Denver lingered with them and I was in serious need of comforting in that moment. I drifted to his side, taking his hand, while Larry, shoulders tight and face a mask of grief, glanced my way.
“I should have never agreed to this.” He swallowed hard, reiterating what he’d been saying all along. “Maybe then Roman wouldn’t…” Larry choked, shook his head. “This is horrible. They think it might be murder?”
All eyes turned to me, though I was positive they’d each heard Danny Nice’s announcement to the sheriff. “We’ll know more when the coroner is done with her investigation,” I said, feeling weird saying something like that, as though being part of the whole mess made me some kind of authority. Dealing regularly with the dead didn’t make me an expert on police work, not by any stretch. I had zero illusions about my ability or skill in that arena. Give me a good old-fashioned haunting or unexplained phenomena any day. Murder? I shivered a little, leaning into Denver. Not my department.
“I can’t believe this is happening.” Naomi had shed enough tears her voice was thick with them, eyes red, hands shaking. She seemed to have forgotten her attack against me of a few minutes ago, staring at the floor as though lost somewhere else none of us could follow. When she finally did look up, her full lower lip trembling, more tears welling in her big, dark eyes, she seemed very young to me, far younger than the mid-twenties I knew her to be. “What are we going to do without him?”
Noah hugged his sister, grim but oddly not appearing sad, just determined. “We’ll figure it out,” he said. “The show will go on, Nomi.”
Clara exhaled explosively, jaw jumping, one thick hand running through her already messy pink hair, the longer top now standing up in places. “This is a disaster.” She appeared harried, distraught, but when she continued speaking it was clearly not over Roman in particular. “I’m now tied to two murder investigations. I’m ruined.”
No one commented on the selfishness of that particular viewpoint, though I was surprised Naomi didn’t say anything. On the other hand, the way Emma stood, arms around herself, entire tall, slim body trembling, made me wonder why Roman’s girlfriend didn’t protest the rather callous attitude of the visiting producer. I suppose we were all in shock, so it made sense in a way. However, I was fairly certain if it had been Denver found dead at the foot of the staircase, I’d be pretty protective of the fact he didn’t deserve to die.
Maybe that was the problem. I just proved to myself I really wasn’t a nice person at heart.
Sheriff Green left his conversation near the door, Danny Nice departing as the burly policeman approached us with an unhappy expression animated by the dancing bounce of his handlebar mustache. “I expect everyone to stay in town,” he said. “Y’all are in the SeaBreeze Motel on the highway?” I nodded along with the others, though Larry shrugged. “Mr. Princely, I’ll ask you to keep the plantation house closed for the duration of the investigation.” Larry didn’t seem surprised, but nor was he happy, though whether over the continuing loss of revenue or the death of his friend I wasn’t sure. Yet another reason to believe my empathy for the human race needed a bit of updating. “I’ll have more questions for all of you after Danny—Miss Nice—makes a determination on the death.” He nodded to us before turning on one heel and marching away, dismissing us with that simple gesture.
There wasn’t much else to do at that point but go back to our room and wait. When Denver tried to retrieve his equipment, however, the sheriff instantly stopped him and the others from taking anything.
“I need copies of all the footage,” he said. “And nothing leaves this house until I get to the bottom of things.”
My boyfriend wasn’t happy leaving our stuff behind but there wasn’t much to be done about it. Instead, quiet and lost in our own little worlds of thought and feeling, Denver and I departed, the van’s air conditioning again full blasting me into a headache that couldn’t be entirely blamed on the new car smell.
The SeaBreeze was like any other strip motel, incorrectly named without a scrap of the ocean or a breath of wind to be had, tucked just off the highway outside Niceville, a little run-down but clean enough, two rows of double bed boxes framing a small pool in the center with an office and coffee shop on the far end. I’d stayed in a variety of motels like this one over the years, finding it familiar enough, if not really inviting ultimately, I at least felt comfortable in my surroundings. It would have been preferable to stay at Princely House, but that idea was clearly not one that would get a green light anytime soon. Apparently there was no Mayor Olivia Walker here in Niceville to ensure everything ran smoothly for the tourists to the detriment of the sheriff’s department.
I followed Denver into our room, the plastic triangle attached to our room key making a hollow rattling sound on the side table as he dumped it while I closed the door behind us. The moment I did he was at my side, hugging me tight, lips on my cheek, sighing into my ear.
“I was so worried about you,” he said.
Sweet. I nodded, hugged him back. “I’m okay, I promise. Stressful, right?” I tried a little smile as I pulled away, but Denver wasn’t accepting my strong Alice act. He hugged me again then let me go, sitting heavily on the side of the bed. I joined him, holding his hand, while he ran the other over the scruff of his cheek, the harsh sound of skin on stubble loud in the quiet room. The air conditioner chose then to kick in, blast of freezing wind washing over us from the unit under the window, faint rattling as something inside the unit protested having to give us relief from the heat distracting me.
Not so Denver. “I know you and Fee are good friends,” he said, hesitant as he spoke, glancing at me out of the corner of his eyes as if he wasn’t sure how what he was about to say was going to go over. I frowned a little, but nodded. “I just know how brave she is and how she’s always poking her nose into investigations back home and I worry you might decide you want to do the same.” That rushed out of him so fast I had to process the words in a rapid string before the truth of what he said hit home.
I hugged his arm, shaking my head, despite the fact, to be honest, I was feeling a little annoyed at his attitude. I’d had to take care of myself most of my life, had bowed to authority so often it became my default. That was, until this adventure that was, quite frankly, Denver’s fault. Still, it was lovely to have him worry about me and hadn’t I been thinking the same thing, that I wasn’t Fiona Fleming and didn’t want to be?
“I investigate the dead,” I said by way of reassurance, patting his knee. “The kind that go bump in the night. Not fresh bodies.” Denver didn’t seem completely sold. “Trust me, I wish anyone else had found Roman.” My boyfriend suddenly lost his nervous expression and shifted into serious concern, embracing me all over again, rocking me a little while the air conditioner chugged and rattled in the quiet.
“Are you okay?” He let me go at last. “Really?”
I nodded, shrugged. Oddly, I was. “It’s a tragedy when someone dies, Denver,” I said, “but it’s obvious there was no love lost. While I didn’t wish Roman ill,” mostly true, “I’m not shedding tears about it.”
He sighed softly, shoulders slumping. “Life’s so short.”
He could say that again.
“I’m going to get a look at the footage,” he said. “I have to send what I have to the sheriff.”
Right. Everything had been recorded remotely in the van.
“I’ll get us something cold to drink.” I kissed his cheek, rose when he did, went to the door. I left him in the van, hunched over his computer, and headed toward the office and the vending machine, digging in my pocket for change for a pair of sodas.
It was impossible to miss the sound of raised voices, two women if I was hearing correctly, and I automatically slowed, then stopped at the corner of the last room, peeking around the concrete into the dim underpass where my destination awaited. I didn’t want to interrupt Naomi and Emma, hesitating because I also felt badly eavesdropping but ended up doing so anyway, hovering and waiting for them to move on so I could just get on with my own things, thank you.
Which was why I got to witness the entirety of their argument up close and personal.
“He told me you weren’t together anymore.” Naomi’s fury was obvious, her face twisted with it, hands fisted at her sides. “I swear it.” She seemed angrier than earlier, her sadness replaced by the woman scorned.
If she was upset, Emma’s state could only be expressed as irate. I’d never seen anyone’s face turn that red, though she didn’t scream, per se. Her body did, however, even if her voice stayed at a more reasonable level, despite the vibration in it.
“He lied to both of us,” she snarled. “I can’t believe I trusted him. All this time. I blamed the other women, but you know what?” One fist struck her thigh with a loud thunk. “He lied. It was him all along. I’m glad the jerk is dead.”
The heavy silence that followed her statement, filled with the shocked and yet agreeable nod from Naomi, struck me as a rather solid motive for murder. It was only after Emma managed to exhale a shaking breath and catch herself from the rage that seemed ready to consume her that the pair of them noticed I was there, at the exact same moment.
It was immediately obvious they both thought I’d been snooping on purpose, the sour and blame-filled looks they settled into such a match for one another I wondered if they’d somehow become energetically linked. I found myself stuttering and stammering, shaking my head, trying to deny this whole incident that looked about as bad as it could under the circumstances.
Not that it mattered. Emma, her long hair tossed back over her shoulder, stormed by me without a word, lips in a thin line. Naomi paused, however, hands sliding into the front pockets of her shorts, watching Emma go with a speculative look.
I wasn’t the only one thinking in terms of suspects, then. That made me feel a little better.
The vending machines gave me a good excuse to be there, since they’d been my target all along. I purchased the two cans of soda I’d come for, retrieving them from the slot and turned to find Naomi looking at me, her anger mostly faded.
“It sounds bad, doesn’t it?” She sighed, rubbing both hands over her face before returning them to her pockets. She suddenly seemed tired, worn thin. I didn’t respond, the cold cans pressed against my chest like a shield between us. “I didn’t tell the sheriff about Roman and me and I don’t plan on it. But maybe I should talk to him about her.” Naomi hesitated, then shot me a small, sad smile. “I’m sorry about earlier. I was pretty upset.”
I bobbed a startled nod, not expecting this from her at all but grateful none the less. “I understand,” I said, breathless.
“You won’t say anything?” Ah, so that was her motivation for kindness. How tragic. I shrugged, sagging inside as understanding took the moment of hope she might actually care what I thought and crushed it underfoot. “If Noah finds out… he’ll lose it.” She shook her head then, tossed her hands. “Thanks, Alice. I have to get back.” Naomi left, head down, long strides carrying her out of my view quickly, while I stood in the shade next to the humming machines and did my best not to feel like I’d been bribed with kindness to keep my mouth shut.

***

Chapter Twelve

When I returned to the van and delivered Denver’s drink, following him and his laptop into the room now that he’d downloaded the footage he needed, I almost informed him of what I’d overheard. He was deep into his work, however, distracted enough by the video feed he reviewed I decided to stay quiet. After all, he’d just finished asking me to be careful and stay out of it, and I’d agreed that was my plan. It wasn’t my fault I’d stumbled over some evidence that perhaps the sheriff really needed to know.
Was it?
As I sat next to my boyfriend for the next several hours, yawning from lack of sleep, waiting to hear from the sheriff one way or the other, I waffled back and forth between guilt over having knowledge I’d honestly not gone looking for and keeping it to myself and reaching out to the sheriff after all, if only to clear my conscience. The back and forth struggle went on for quite some time, my chest aching from the tension it caused. It was honestly only the presence of the man I loved that kept me from taking action. I stared at his dear face and finally sighed out the stress, drawing my line in the sand with the guilt that I really didn’t deserve to feel.
This wasn’t my responsibility. Roman’s death was in the hands of the sheriff. Local law enforcement could uncover the truth without my assistance. I caught my hands clenching in my lap to replace the anxiety I’d released with a long exhale and knew the internal battle was far from over.
Except. I knew firsthand that while on occasion offering help when unsolicited was accepted with gratitude, I’d had enough encounters where attempting to supply assistance had only ended in heartache and grief. There had been times as a child I’d had a sense of fair play that led me to speak out when I saw someone being mean or doing something they shouldn’t. Thefts and bullying happened frequently in foster care situations. I’d never once been rewarded for speaking up, though. If anything, I’d made myself a pariah in the estimations of the other children I’d been forced to live with.
I learned early on to keep my mouth shut and mind my own business. No, I didn’t like it, not even a little bit. Old lessons were hard to unlearn, especially when I didn’t feel as though I had the support I needed to take a stand. If I was going to be completely honest with myself, I realized it wasn’t until I worked with Fee Fleming I really had support and confidence sharing what I knew with another person. That went for Crew Turner, as well, and now my darling Denver.
Though, did I feel confident telling him what I knew? I chewed my lower lip, grateful he had no idea what was going on in my head at the moment because the answer was no.
Which meant, apologies to Fee and Roman and my own sense of right and wrong, I would be keeping what I learned to myself.
End of story.
The hours of footage took a while to peruse, though personally I wouldn’t have bothered. It wasn’t as though we had much else to do, however, and it was a way to pass the day. Denver made a copy of everything we had once we reviewed the lack of evidence he’d captured and handed it off to the deputy who’d come to retrieve it.
Dinner at the coffee shop was quiet, the others nowhere to be found, and I retired early, curling up against the man I loved and sighing out the last of my tension, certain I’d struggle to get to sleep and right on that count despite my weariness.
Denver softly snored his way through the night while I found myself waking in fits and starts, uncomfortable inside and outside. The bed really was horrendous, far too hard for my liking, but it was my inner turmoil that kept me from the rest I so desperately needed. My decision to stay quiet and out of the investigation, keeping evidence to myself, wasn’t sitting well with me, not at all. I kept thinking about Fee for some reason, seeing her face, the judgment in her eyes despite knowing she would never, ever judge me.
I finally sighed into the icy air of the room, scowling at the ceiling while Denver twitched beside me, and made that apparition of my redheaded friend a promise. First thing in the morning I’d go see the sheriff and tell him about the arguments I’d witnessed. Not just Naomi and Emma, was it? Roman had been on and off sparring with everyone. Knowing Noah’s temper, too, if he did find out his sister was engaged in an inappropriate relationship with their boss, he might have done something stupid.
Only then was I able to sleep.
I didn’t say anything to Denver over breakfast, keeping the plan to myself. The last thing I wanted to do was worry him, though I was aware that secrets from the man I loved wasn’t necessarily the best way to foster a healthy relationship. It wasn’t that I was doing anything wrong, was it? I just wanted to tell the sheriff what I knew, like any responsible citizen. I still had no desire to insert myself into the investigation. This was simply a reveal of what I’d stumbled over.
Why then didn’t I feel better about it and why didn’t I feel comfortable telling Denver?
We were both quiet, Denver digging into his bacon and eggs, while I sipped my coffee and watched the news report playing on the TV over the counter. The reporter, a chipper looking young woman with hair far too blonde to not have come from a bottle, spoke over a “Ghost Murder” headline, making me wince. This was local television, though, so it made sense she’d play up the Juliet Princely angle. I couldn’t hear the bulk of what she said, but the very fact the station decided to go in that direction was sigh-worthy. I forced my gaze away from the screen and noted my knuckles had gone white around the grip on my coffee mug.
I exhaled, shifting myself deeper into the plastic bench of the booth where we sat, glancing out the window into the morning sunlight while Denver answered texts. My own phone buzzed and I checked the messages, surprised to find it was from an old friend.
Heard you were in a pickle. Shani Busch was one of the only other mediums I trusted, though her methods were more historical and research based than sensory like mine. Still, she’d been helpful a time or two and I had learned I could bring her problems if I needed to without having to worry she might turn it against me. Need anything?
I glanced at Denver, my boyfriend lost in his phone, and made a decision. A terrible, terrible decision. Can you look into Juliet Princely for me? I chewed my lower lip, telling myself I was asking, not because of Roman’s death, but because I was still here for a job, right? I don’t trust the history the family gave me. Maybe Roman’s death was tied to the long-dead girl. And, if you wouldn’t mind, a bit of background on the descendants. In other words, Alice Moore, poke your nose into Larry Princely. That was definitely a step in the direction of not minding my own business.
Will do. I could just picture Shani, her tiny frame dwarfed by the big, electric wheelchair she wielded like a weapon, her pale red hair braided carefully, equally pale eyes intent. She was probably smiling because she was much more the busybody than I’d ever been. I’m curious myself. Confirmation of the reason she contacted me. I’d blame it all on her if it came down to things, and Shani would happily take it. I’ll get back to you. Stay safe.
Oddly, her support made me feel better, and not just about the investigation itself. There were times I felt very alone, lost in darkness and solitude, if only because of my history. I had to remind myself, however, I had backup to call on these days. I’d cited the fact it was Fee and Crew who first made me feel like I could be honest and share what I knew but that wasn’t exactly true. Old connections like Shani were there to support me, too. I glanced up at my boyfriend who chose that exact moment to meet my eyes and smile that delicious smile of his, cheerful and open. I wasn’t alone. I had him and friends like Shani, Fee, who cared about me and wanted the best for me.
If only that good feeling could have lingered a little longer. Instead, the front door of the coffee shop opened and Sheriff Green came through, the deep scowl on his face telling me in no uncertain terms Danny Nice had come to a conclusion that ruined his morning.
“Miss Moore,” he stopped at our booth, paunch bouncing, mustache doing its wriggle of disapproval, “if you’ll come with me? I need to ask you more questions about the murder of Roman Ellis.”

***

Chapter Thirteen

It was a short trip to the sheriff’s office, though not exactly a comfortable one. Denver had been denied his request to join me and I found myself alone in the back seat of the sheriff’s cruiser, steel cage between the two of us, not exactly a passenger but not precisely under arrest, either. He’d refrained from handcuffs, but I was still confined, and that fact made me distinctly nervous, bringing up the sort of memories that raised sweat on my upper lip and churned deep inside me. I considered asking for a lawyer, though the one I’d been assigned in Des Moines hadn’t exactly been the sort of reliable public defender who took his client’s cases seriously. I’d been let down by the system and that alcoholic older gentlemen whose name I didn’t even remember any longer, handed over to my prison sentence without anything resembling a defense.
No, lawyers weren’t in my good books, and yet. If I was going to be arrested, I really needed to have someone there to witness the act. The fact this was utterly ridiculous and there was no grounds for any concern as far as things went, it was impossible not to flash back to the past and the expectation I’d be found guilty despite my true innocence, my gullibility the only reason I’d done as I was told without knowing I was doing it. That made my conscience clear of crime, no matter what the law said to the contrary. I would not allow myself to fall into any kind of trap set for me by the sheriff or his need to make this go away fast.
It happened before, hadn’t it? 
Very well, then. I had to trust this time I was more capable of taking care of myself, no longer a terrified eighteen year old who didn’t know to keep her mouth shut. Sure, I was only twenty four now, but so much had happened between then and now, I reassured myself I could handle this with expedience and confidence.
That’s why I couldn’t stop shaking.
Using, “I want a lawyer,” as a mantra, one I planned to deliver out loud as soon as we reached the office, I held still and quiet in the back seat and focused on surviving the next little while. When we finally did park outside the squat building the 70’s left behind, the dim interior low ceilinged with tiles that used to be white, buzzing florescent lights flashing their despair, the scent of old smoke lingering and telling me why exactly the ceiling was that particular shade of yellow, I struggled to breathe, to focus, to defend myself. That’s how I found myself seated in the sheriff’s small, brown paneled office, lawyerless after all, the scuffed industrial tiles under my sneakers sticking to the rubber, the metal chair with its ancient fabric cover fraying more than a little.
“Now, Miss Moore,” Sheriff Green said, “we’re going to talk a bit about your record.”
He had a file on the desk in front of him, one meaty hand settling firmly on the surface. I knew where this was going. Typically, I’d be nervous, anxious. For some reason, being in that ancient place time forgot in this ridiculous position with a caricature of a sheriff ready to arrest me for murder with zero proof to his name, I found a level of self-confidence hitherto fore unknown in the heart of Alice Moore.
“Sheriff,” I said, “before I ask for a lawyer, I have some information for you.” As he gaped at me like he never expected a grown woman to know her rights, I launched into all of the events I witnessed, from Roman’s argument with Larry to the fake ghost and on to the conflicts between Emma and Naomi, as well as Noah’s history of assaulting those who paid attention to his sister.
I knew very well Reading’s sheriff, Crew Turner, wasn’t a fan of Fee poking her nose into cases. However, she’d proved herself immensely helpful, as far as I was concerned, and despite everything she’d been through and the trouble she’d escaped and endured, he’d come around to her way of thinking. I suppose it helped her father had been sheriff in our town for a long time and that she had, at least, training in investigations if only through osmosis and her particular bloodline. I hoped, as I unfurled the details of my discoveries, I might at least win some kind of bonus points with Sheriff Green, not necessarily sending him off on another line of questioning but at least proving I was only trying to be helpful.
I did note, however, as I wrapped up my carefully planned layers of revelation, his response wasn’t exactly to my expectations. In fact, if I didn’t know better, I’d worry he might have been suffering a heart attack the way his body clenched, his cheeks turning bright red, the purple veins in his broad nose pulsing faintly, eyebrows now bushing up as his mustache did. He looked rather like a teddy bear about to throw a temper tantrum and I have to admit I was rather astonished when he leaned suddenly forward and thudded both fists down on his desk top.
Silence descended, naturally, though I still couldn’t seem to muster anxiety. How odd. Perhaps I was in shock or suffering some mental break. Whatever the reason for my calm and collected state of mind, he was a far cry from that himself.
“You,” he grunted, barely able to get the words out as he spluttered around obvious anger, “are not a deputy, missy.” I knew that, naturally. “You are a murder suspect.”
There were times (most times) when I quickly bowed to authority, when I knew I was wrong and simply didn’t have the heart to fight back. Fights I knew I would never win, when taking my punishment or banishment or settling for second best was simply the way life worked for me. In that moment, I felt an old, restrictive belief snap inside my chest, hitting me almost as hard as a fist’s blow, cracking the shell of protection I kept around myself and sending it cascading around me. Freedom, sweet liberty, begun with my stand against the man I was now accused of murdering, erupted from my insides in a gushing geyser of self-identity I’d never before experienced and, in that instant of rebirth, I faced down the man in front of me and my entire being said, “No!”
I think I even said it out loud. I’m not positive. I do know, however, my instant of wakefulness wasn’t Sheriff Green’s required response to being accused of murder. If the man could have gotten away with his own homicide, I’m positive no one would ever have seen me again. Still not afraid. No, highly elated and rather tingly, as though some drug had been dumped into my system and taken over my good sense.
No, my old sense. I was innocent and I’d done my time for Sadie’s crime.
“I’ll take that lawyer now,” I said.
He hummed and snarled and growled and asked questions I refused to answer for several hours before finally letting me go. Mind you, I was powerfully aware I could easily have stood up and left the room and there would have been nothing he could do to stop me. That level of giddy awareness elevated my high and I rode it like a champion, absorbing it, becoming it. Sheriff Gary Green had no idea why I beamed at him, why I laughed as I asked over and over for legal representation, why I made light of his questions. I do know, and can tell you, the absolutely devastating effect my shift of consciousness had on him.
Part of me did feel badly about it later, if I’m going to remain utterly transparent about my evolutionary surge. I quite literally emasculated the man, refusing to be bullied or angry or afraid of his attempts to question me. I barely remember anything he asked me, though I do recall at one point thinking about how Crew Turner was the only sheriff I’d ever encountered—retired John Fleming not withstanding—who treated me like a human being and not a record. The more Sheriff Green maneuvered and prodded and poked, the more pathetic he seemed to me until, finally, with a grim expression and popping a handful of what looked like heartburn tablets, he chased me from his office.
“Don’t leave town!” He slammed his door behind me and left me there to find my own way back to the motel.
I waved to the two young deputies who watched with amazed expressions as I quite literally sauntered out of the office and into the street. I’d never actually sauntered before and maybe the sashay of my step didn’t qualify for someone else, but it fit what I felt was the definition of such a powerful way of walking so I claimed it and continued on.
I could have called Denver. He would have come to get me and since I had my phone with me it would have been simple enough. I felt like walking, though, like trying out this strut of powerful self-possession, a grin on my face, my heart and spirit lighter than I’d ever known.
How glorious the day was, the heat not even a bother, the bright sun overhead shining just for me. I crossed the street leading toward the motel and noticed, just up ahead, a destination I’d already been invited to visit. Knowing it would infuriate the good sheriff, giggling to myself about the reaction he’d have if he knew I was walking through those doors, I strode with purpose and head high into the cool, dark interior of Nice Funeral Services.

***

Chapter Fourteen

The lovely lady behind the desk at the front of the parlor greeted me with a charming smile. Her sparkling brown eyes, warm behind her glasses, might not have been appropriate to some considering where she was employed, but I grinned and nodded to Judy Tucker, as her small metal nametag identified her, and bobbed a nod in return.
“How can I help you, dear?” She had the kind of sweet, melodic voice that told me if she was a singer she’d be an alto. Her tidy gray hair, tucked smoothly behind both ears, looked freshly styled, her black cardigan doing nothing to hide the fact her bright pink shell underneath had playful kittens on it. I liked her instantly.
“I’m looking for Danny,” I said. “She’s not really expecting me, but she asked me to stop in.”
“I’m sure it’s fine, dear,” Judy said, waving for me to continue on down the long, dark carpeted hall toward a pair of large doors at the far end. “Take a left before the main chapel, the door marked ‘Mortuary’. Can’t miss it.”
Well, that was friendly of her and boded well. “Thanks.” I followed her instructions, wondering if this new attitude of mine might actually mean my interactions with others had shifted, too. Then again, I’d also liked Danny the moment we met so it seemed logical her staff were probably good people.
Soft music piped through the ceiling, the quiet of the funeral home not so much creepy as it was soothing. For someone who’d spent her whole life dealing with the dead, I found this place rather relaxing. It also said a lot for Danny and her family that despite the fact I was in a place of final rest, not a single spirit made an appearance.
I did hesitate as I reached for the brushed nickel doorknob on the heavy wooden door Judy had indicated. What if this newfound self-connection spelled the end to my particular talents? I exhaled slowly, panic from that thought leaving as fast as it came. If so, I’d deal with it, but I could hardly make myself believe whatever gift it was that gave me the ability to help the dead would be stripped away when I finally found myself.
The hallway behind the door was short, utilitarian, a single bulb in a plain fixture overhead leading to a set of stairs, another door on either side before the top step. I followed the arrow leading to the mortuary and slowed as I came to the bottom, the big metal door wide open and more music playing, though the energetic beat of the old 80’s rock ballad Danny bopped to while she hovered over the body on her slab belied the gravity of her job.
She looked up, goggles over her eyes, beaming a smile at me and waving for me to join her. One gloved hand reached for a remote and turned the music down, her small body swamped in a white lab coat. I stopped at the threshold, shivering, the faint outline of a woman hovering behind Danny’s right shoulder. She didn’t seem to notice, not that I was surprised, though I was acutely aware that the woman’s figure appeared a match to the body on the slab.
Echoes lingered. It was a fact of life. Whatever the energetic aftereffect of the loss of spirit created, it showed up in the newly dead as these hazy and indistinct images of the person who was. I knew from experience she’d disappear when the body was laid to rest, but it still made me sad for her and took the edge off the buzz of effervescence that had dominated me since my encounter with the sheriff.
“Come on in, Alice.” Danny set her goggles aside but continued her work on the body as I slowly entered and joined her at a respectful distance, keeping Danny between me and the echo. The last thing I needed was to catch her attention and feed her any kind of additional energy. The woman deserved to go to her rest. Yes, I’d made that mistake in the past and I had promised my fourteen-year-old self at the funeral of one of my foster parents I would never, ever do that again.
Disturbing enough as a child to have to see the dead. Giving them a reason to stay? Horrific.
Danny remained oblivious, her attitude perky but her attention to the body respectful and kind. “I didn’t expect to see you so soon.” She squinted at me, lips twisting. “You talk to Gary yet?”
I grinned back. “He talked, I asked for a lawyer. It went about as expected.”
She laughed at that, dark ponytail shivering down her back, narrow shoulders jumping. “He means well, I swear.” Danny sighed and leaned away from the body, tugging the sheet covering the woman’s form up over her face, an almost tender expression crossing hers for a moment. When she met my eyes again, hers were serene. “He’ll come around when he realizes you just want to help.”
“Sounds like you’re speaking from experience.” I crossed my arms over my chest to keep from shivering again as the woman’s echo circled Danny slowly and vanished.
“You better believe it.” Danny blew at a stray hair that had escaped her pony, stripping her gloves finally to do a better job of tucking the offending piece away. She didn’t seem to notice or care we were chatting over the body of a dead woman so I trusted I wasn’t intruding on something I shouldn’t have been. “I’ve helped him a few times in the past. Even caught a murderer or two.” She winked, white teeth flashing. “You want to know the truth, I love it here.” She looked around the room, shrugged. “I’ve been working with death my whole life. Not like you.” She eye rolled and laughed again, tiny body shivering with it. “I’m probably the least sensitive person on the planet, when it comes to all the ghosty stuff.” She wiggled her fingers at me, making a soft, “oooh!” sound like she was a spirit herself. I laughed in response, loving her attitude. “But honestly? The investigation part? My jam, down to the ground.” She tilted her head, perky all over again. “So, what can I do for you, Miss Alice freaking Moore?”
“I’d love to know what you found out about Roman’s fall.” You will note I was investigating the murder of Roman Ellis when I’d distinctly told my boyfriend I would not. Well, that had been then, and this, this was right now in the moment when I wasn’t the girl who held back. I might never hold back ever again.
Danny immediately left the body and went to the desk behind her, fishing out a file she brought to me. I leafed through the autopsy report, glancing at her notes about the injuries, but listening to her while she filled me in with a crisp professionalism that still had that happy-go-lucky Danny all over it.
“The fall definitely killed him,” she said. “I found outward signs of assault, a bruise that took a bit to form completely, so I’m reasonably certain it was acquired anti-mortem, likely just before the fall.” She pointed out the large bruise on his stomach, rounded in shape. “Looks like the imprint of a shoe.” She took a step back, demonstrated a front kick that could explain the mark, before resuming her normal position while my own stomach contracted in sympathy. Could such a kick and his subsequent tumble account for the sounds I’d heard prior to finding him? More than likely. “Hard to tell the size of the foot, rather medium. Could be either a man or a woman, so no help there, I’m afraid.”
“So not Juliet Princely,” I said, knowing the answer before she gave it.
Danny groaned softly. “Sorry, more than likely you’re looking for a living assailant, as much as I wish otherwise.” She laughed at that. “Then again, he could have been in an altercation prior to the fall and simply slipped on his own, but I made the call anyway because someone assaulted him.” That sounded fair to me, especially considering the sounds I’d heard prior to finding his body. “I examined the soles of Mr. Ellis’s shoes, noting the lack of tread and that the steps themselves are wood without carpeting. It was straight-forward to conclude he was kicked and slipped. He struck what looked to be the second to last stair against his C4 vertebra, which led to spinal shock and a sudden drop in blood pressure leading to death. By the time his head struck the floor and fractured the occipital bone, he was already gone.” She shifted from one foot to the other, hands in the pockets of her lab coat. “Liver temp and lividity confirm he died where he fell just before you found him.” She winced. “Sorry about that.”
I nodded thanks for her kindness as she went on.
“Likely aside from the killer you’re the only other person who encountered him. You must have stumbled over him just after his fall.”
I could only hope my bad luck streak had finally come to an end. “You really don’t think I did it.”
Danny stared me dead in the eyes, no pun intended, and asked me point blank. “Did you kill him?”
“No.” The thought of taking a life when I was so tied to the dead was almost laughable and horrifying. “I already struggle with spirits. Imagine if I killed someone?” I’d be haunted forever.
Danny nodded then, firm and content with my answer. “And I’ll be letting Sheriff Green know it, don’t you worry.” She took the file back from me. “So not definitive if it was murder, per se, but definitely assisted, so minimum manslaughter.”
“Not an accident,” I said.
She made a face that told me she’d considered that question. “Maybe if it wasn’t such an obvious bruise. But it looks to me like someone kicked him hard enough at the top of the steps to do him at least serious injury. That’s no accident.” Danny slipped the file back into the slot and crossed her arms, leaning against the desk. “From what I hear, Roman Ellis had a lot of people who didn’t like him very much. I checked out his website and the series and there’s a ton of threats, people who called him a fraud. Even his own crew seemed to fight with him in every episode.”
“I’m not sure how much of that is actually for show and what’s real.” For a moment I wondered what I was doing. This really wasn’t my strength and I didn’t care what happened to Roman, if I was going to be totally honest. There was something in Danny’s excited speculations that reminded me of Fee, though, and I rather enjoyed her company and didn’t want to leave just yet. That meant a furtherance of breaking my promise to Denver. He’d forgive me. If he ever found out.
Danny shrugged, returning to the body she’d been working on. I followed her as she went back to work, knowing it was probably time to leave.
“If you say so.”
I’ve been known to be awkward in the past, an old and lingering ache tied to my need to connect to others, but I knew better now. This freedom I’d won, the shattering of my shell, made me realize I wasn’t so hesitant to be me anymore.
“I hope you don’t get in trouble for answering my questions.” I would have hated to make her life harder.
Danny just laughed, her protective glasses back in place, new gloves pulled out of the box beside her. “Not a chance. I’m the only game in town and my family has had this parlor for generations. If Gary Green wants to keep his job, he’ll listen to me.”
I left then with thanks, thinking about the mysterious Patterson family back home, finding it hard not to compare Danny and the Nice bloodline to that same setup though, from what I’d discovered here, I didn’t so much mind the turning of the tables and found it very hard to believe the kind and bubbly young woman I’d just met or anyone in her family could be anything like the troublesome first family of Reading.

***

Chapter Fifteen

As I walked back to the motel, I wondered if the footage from Roman’s cameras had caught his fall at least. Since one of the lenses was pointed at the stairs, surely his death was captured digitally. Perhaps even the assailant’s foot would also be in evidence. I was already aware Denver’s equipment hadn’t seen anything, both pointed in the wrong direction, however if I could listen to the footage, now that I knew about the assault, perhaps some sound could help identify who had kicked Roman down the steps.
If he was struck before the fall and had somehow slipped, perhaps that could be ascertained in the same manner. However, I was more and more suspicious Danny had the right of things, and that the faint scuffling sounds and the soft thud that I’d heard were, in fact, the strike of a shoe against his softer flesh, the more distant and final sound that of him landing on the stairs and floor.
If only I’d been closer prior to the incident… I entered the driveway for the motel and headed for my room, fishing my key out of my pocket, noting the van was parked in front of our door, Denver likely worried about me and I’d failed to let him know I was all right. It was enough to trigger guilt despite my new-found lightness of being, not just for neglecting to inform him of my safety but that I’d been digging into things he asked me to avoid.
I paused before going inside, a faint quiver of excitement startling me. Perhaps this was what Fee felt when she investigated murders, this thrill of curiosity, the firing up of imagination that led her to putting her life in danger. While I enjoyed the thrill of curiosity when it came to uncovering truths about the dead, I’d never thought to apply it to the living. This wasn’t me, not in the least. Or, I should say, hadn’t been until, it seemed, Sheriff Green succeeded where I had failed all these years to set me loose from the confines of my past.
It would be easy to slide back into the woman I was, though, and I considered it, hand on the knob to the motel room I shared with Denver, the heat of the Florida late morning beating down on my back, that wriggling bubble of what if bouncing around in my tummy tempting me to dive head first into this new way of being Alice Moore. I could retreat, rebuild my walls, go back to doing things the way I always had. Except, as I stood there and thought about it, I realized there was no return to that caged and lonely woman.
What would this mean for my love for Denver? Another faint moment of panic, though it died easily and effortlessly. I wasn’t going to just stop loving him. If anything, I loved him more, seemed as though I was capable of it for the first time ever. All the feelings I’d had for him were amplified, intense and refreshed. The real question then was how would he react and, once he got to know the real me, would his love change?
Scary in a way, but exciting, too. With that resolution in my heart and a new outlook that meant who knew what for my relationship with Denver, I opened the door.
Was I expecting anything but the sweet and loving greeting I received? The way Denver immediately left his laptop and hurried toward me, engulfing me in a hug with his lips against my forehead, his heart beating just a little too fast? I really should have known better.
“I was so worried.” He let me go, looking down into my eyes, his tight around the corners, the faint line between his brows deeper than usual. “I called the sheriff’s office three times and they wouldn’t tell me anything.”
I sat him down, told him what happened, even attempting to share the amazing expansive experience I’d undergone. I think he understood, or at least accepted, because he didn’t question my positive attitude and nor did he give me grief over my admission I’d shared what I’d learned with the sheriff and stopped in to talk to Danny.
One thing I loved about Denver in the long list of amazing things that made him the best boyfriend I could ever ask for? He was an incredible listener and always waited until I rambled to a full stop before making comments. Today was no exception and when I finally tied up the loose and messy ends of my morning, he sighed deeply, still worried from that dear line between his brows but at least not visibly angry I’d literally gone rogue.
“I want to go back to Princely House,” I said, standing, heading for the door, tugging on his hand as I did. “I need to be absolutely sure, Denver. There’s some kind of device there or proof of fraud. Whatever comes of this, I have to protect my reputation. If I can prove that someone tampered with the haunting and debunk that much, we can at least move on from this with the business undamaged.”
He didn’t argue, the keys to the van jangling in his hand as I led him outside. It wasn’t until Denver was in the driver’s seat, the engine humming to life, that he spoke at last.
“Alice.” He whispered my name, cleared his throat, then went on. “I’m really proud of you.” See? Very best boyfriend in the history of boyfriends ever. “But please.” Ah. Here it came. “Please. You promised.”
I had. “I know,” I said, staring at my hands now twisting in my lap. “I’m sorry. I won’t be accused of something I didn’t do, Denver. I’ve lived that, suffered for it.” By his grandmother’s hand, something I knew he was acutely guilty over despite the fact he had nothing to do with my initial prison term. “I said I’d stay out of it. But I’m not sure that’s going to be possible now.”
Denver didn’t respond, though I did notice his knuckles were white on the steering wheel and the silence between us hung about as heavy as death.
We arrived at Princely House just after lunch, my stomach informing me I should probably have paused to eat something despite my discomfort with my boyfriend’s reminder I’d gone back on my promise. The heat made me slightly nauseated when it hit me the moment I stepped out of the van, so it was probably a good thing I’d missed a meal. I chose to ignore the physiological reaction and instead headed for the front door. The scent of something burning made me pause and, rather than go inside, I followed my nose, Denver right behind me, the pair of us frowning in tandem at the smell.
He might still have been upset, but his own curiosity softened the edges enough he didn’t debate checking into whoever or whatever was behind the smoke.
The well-manicured grounds made it simple enough to circle the large house and, only a minute later, we passed the edge of the greenhouse and into the back garden. A thin column of smoke rose from somewhere past the low stone wall and I followed it, curiosity getting the better of me, though Denver’s hand on my arm did slow me somewhat. I let him take the lead when he stepped in front of me, loving he wanted to keep me safe, knew it was behind the conflict we’d just endured. As we passed through the small iron gate and into the rougher landscape beyond, I caught sight of Larry Princely, his back turned to us, standing next to what looked like an old steel barrel, the source of the rising smoke.
He didn’t notice we were there, tossing papers into the flickering flames that rose from the open top of the drum from a cardboard box at his feet. We were almost beside him before he realized he was no longer alone, jumping and releasing a rather high-pitched exclamation of protest before recovering enough to look guilty.
“None of our business,” I waved off his concerned glance at the box, the barrel and then us. “We’re just here to take one more look in the house, if that’s okay with you?”
Larry seemed to relax, shrugged, tossing more papers into the fire. “Whatever you want,” he said, voice angry as it had been when we first met. “I’m ruined anyway, so it’s not like whatever you find will save my business.”
He had mentioned financial problems, though why he’d be burning paperwork I had no idea. “I’m sorry, Larry.” I really and truly was.
The owner of Princely House exhaled long and slow, staring down at the page in his hand for a long moment. “Me too,” he said. “This was supposed to be a fresh start for me. Instead, it’s a disaster.” Fresh start? What did he mean by that? I didn’t get to ask because he looked up and met my eyes, his tight and filled with frustration. “I trusted Roman. He told me this episode would get him a show, solve all of my financial problems.” Larry looked away again. “I just wish I’d known this place was haunted. There were no problems, nothing. None of the renovation guys mentioned a thing. I knew about Juliet, but it was more of a tourist draw than a detriment as far as I was concerned. History, you know?” I nodded, Denver, too. “When Roman came to see me just after I opened, mentioned he wanted to do a show here, I brushed it off. I didn’t have a ghost for him to hunt. Then, just like that, guests started complaining, reporting sightings and I had to call him.” Larry dropped the last of the papers into the barrel, then disassembled the box, dumping it in, too. “He said he could fix it. I trusted him. I shouldn’t have.” He brushed his hands together, staring in the flames. “Now, I have a money pit, a ghost problem and no way of paying my bills.”
I couldn’t help but empathize, one hand settling on his arm. He glanced at me, surprised from his expression, while I did my best to show my sympathy. “If there’s anything we can do, please let me know. But Larry, I can promise you this. There is no ghost here. The haunting isn’t real. So once things get cleared up, you should be able to open again without worrying.” My head was already spinning, of course. Thinking about Roman’s appearance so soon after Larry opened, the fact the haunting started after he’d arrived, forcing the plantation owner to call Roman for help. All very neat and pat and far too many coincidences that stank far more than the smoke from Larry’s fire and the bog on the other side of the trees for my experience.
Larry didn’t seem willing to shake himself out of his fugue, though. “We’ll see.”
“Where did you meet Roman?” He’d mentioned school, hadn’t he?
The thudding boot steps of an approaching interruption caught all of our attention and meant I didn’t get an answer to my question. Not that it mattered. What did matter was the scowl on Noah’s face as he ignored both Larry and Denver and instead came straight at me to halt with an aggressive posture right in my space.
The old me would have felt intimidated. Instead, I had to resist the urge to chest bump him. What in the world was happening to me?
“I need that equipment back.” He sounded like he thought I should know exactly what he was talking about.
“That’s lovely for you,” I said, internally giggling in shock at my attitude. “Now, if you’d be kind enough to let me know what equipment it is you’re talking about, maybe I can be of assistance.”
Noah’s cheeks darkened, his reaction to me standing my ground clear indication he was already in a bad mood and just wanted someone to take it out on. It certainly wouldn’t end up being me.
“The head cam and harness,” he snapped. Obviously Sheriff Green had given the crew permission to tear down the set. They must have arrived right behind us.
“Both dutifully returned to Andre before the sheriff arrived this morning.” I crossed my arms over my chest while Denver, my dear and darling boyfriend, held his place and let me deal with this.
Noah didn’t look like he believed me. “Andre says you didn’t.” He didn’t sound as convinced anymore, however. He glanced at Denver then back at me, Larry leaving us to walk up the path alone, head down, hands in his pockets. Smoke from the last of the cardboard wafted over me and tickled my nose, threatening a sneeze which I firmly and with no uncertainty ordered not to emerge. It simply would not do for such a ridiculous reaction to interfere with my present state of confidence and composure.
“There’s one way to find out for sure,” Denver said, his mild tone meant, I could only guess, to diffuse Noah further. “Let’s go check the truck.”
Still clearly agitated but willing at least to listen to reason, Noah spun and stalked off, my boyfriend taking my hand in his while we followed the unhappy crew member back to the front of the house while Larry Princely’s finances went up in literal smoke behind us.

***

Chapter Sixteen

I really wanted to glare at Noah, cooking in the Florida heat, as he checked his list and the corresponding box in the back of the Roman Media van, confirming I had, in fact returned his precious camera to Andre shortly after discovering the dead body of his boss at the foot of the stairs. It wasn’t like I could forget such an action. The entirety of the previous hours since falling on top of the lifeless form of the host of Spirit Heroes would remain with me the rest of my life, I was positive. Not something one was likely to forget quickly, despite my wishes to the contrary. I’d been self-possessed enough to accomplish that much, proud of my thoughtful course of action, though apparently Noah wasn’t quite so in control of his mental state as I had been.
“She told you already,” Denver said, his voice low and angry, glancing at me before backing off. Sweet of him to speak up, it was always nice to know he had my best interest at heart, but antagonizing Noah wasn’t helping.
“Fine,” the young crewman grumbled, not meeting my eyes or Denver’s for that matter, while Naomi swiveled on her chair away from the footage she was attending to inside the van proper, a frown creasing her beautiful face. “Whatever.”
Since the argument about the so-called missing equipment hadn’t ended until just that moment, Noah refusing to let go of the incident and vocally declaring only a moment ago if I’d lost his prized possession I’d be paying to replace it, both Naomi and Andre, Denver hovering behind me with an unhappy expression that told me he wasn’t going to keep his mouth shut much longer, were witness to the rather nasty attitude Noah had been sporting.
“Bro,” Naomi said, prodding him with one finger. Her dark eyes met mine, not nearly as antagonistic as I’d been expecting considering her twin’s attitude. “What the actual? Don’t be a jerk.” She prodded him with one foot. “Apologize to Alice. Now.”
While Noah’s confrontational nastiness wasn’t really a surprise, his normally on-side sister’s reaction was. This was a new side to her I’d never seen before, a caring and empathetic Naomi who was putting someone else’s comfort ahead of that of her typical reaction to anyone not agreeing with her brother, whether he was right or wrong. Mind you, if I’d had a twin—or a sibling, as far as that went—I, too, might have been protective of that beloved person’s safety and security. I certainly felt that way about Denver. This was instead a clear deviation from Naomi’s historical interactions with me. Like I’d mentioned, it wasn’t exactly that she was my enemy, but she’d also refrained from any sort of kindness, not to mention respectful attention, prior to my witnessing her fight with Emma. Naomi might have been nurturing good feelings to keep me from revealing what I’d learned, a possibility. It was, however, a tactic that failed because the sheriff now knew everything I knew. The alternative made me pause. Was she starting to warm up to me?
Noah muttered something, turning his back to me. I would have let it go, if I’m going to be frank, if only because it didn’t seem worth the effort to force him to say something he didn’t mean. His sister, on the other hand, wasn’t accepting his dark and stormy brushoff and this time when she poked him it was with the toe of her boot. A boot, I noted, that had fairly significant treads and could pass for a medium sized man’s foot.
“I said fine.” He spun back toward me, dark eyes snapping at his sister, faint hurt there as though he registered her lack of support where normally a staunch wall had his back no longer stood quite so firmly. “Didn’t I? The camera’s here, whatever, it’s over with.”
Digression rarely got me anywhere and all this supposition about the twins was no different. Still, while they faced off with each other, I realized from the long, quiet exchange of glares they shared this wasn’t just about Naomi standing up for me. There was something going on between the twins that had put them at odds and I could only guess it had to do with Roman’s death.
There I went again, digressing.
“It’s my fault.” Andre spoke up in that soft voice of his, flushing as he nodded to me. “Sorry, Alice. I should have marked the sheet as soon as you brought the camera to me. But everything was so crazy and I forgot you brought it back.” He shrugged at Noah who snarled in reply.
“Nice going, Andre,” he snapped. “Make work for me, why don’t you?” He was clearly struggling with something that had nothing to do with the missing camera and everything, I guessed, with that dark and judging expression on his sister’s face.
“As long as the equipment is intact.” I really needed to learn to speak like a normal person and not some weirdo automaton pretending to be a human woman. The words leaped out of me, though, my need to cut off the impeding fight that felt like the crest of a growing storm about to crash into me triggering my instinctual drive to soothe those around me.
Noah spun without commenting, brushing past me on his way out the door of the van. He stalked off, his boots, I noted, matching Naomi’s and leading my thoughts down all kinds of roads to curiosity and possibility that it likely shouldn’t have been traversing.
Their conflict still lingered in my mind while Denver’s hand fell on my shoulder when he glanced toward where Noah stopped to talk to Clara, just now exiting the plantation house front door. “He’s been in better humor.”
Naomi shrugged, though she looked concerned as we watched her brother’s heated exchange with the producer. They were hissing in each other’s faces, Clara’s flaming red, Noah punctuating his points with jerking gestures that concerned me they were about to come to blows. “He’s uptight about the whole thing. We all are. Excuse me.” She leaped down out of the van and hurried toward the arguing pair, putting herself between them. I turned back in time to see Andre watching Naomi with that particular expression that told me exactly how he felt about her, even if she didn’t return his affections in the same way.
He caught me watching and blushed again, turning back to his monitor. On impulse, I found myself asking a question that probably shouldn’t have been any of my business.
“Andre,” I said, “did you know about Naomi and Roman? Being together, I mean?” I didn’t need to be so blatant, instantly regretting my inability to act like a regular person and not create more discomfort by allowing my mouth to run away with me. It was clear he’d understood the first question, after all. He twitched instantly, spinning back to fix me with a misery-laden look of hangdog broken heartedness. I really didn’t need to prod him further and forced myself to stop talking already.
Denver’s hand tightened on my shoulder, helping to that end whether he knew it or not. Though if he’d done so in support or protest of my inquiry I wasn’t sure. Andre, however, didn’t seem to mind answering, his gaze again going to the beautiful coworker he was clearly in love with.
“Roman was just using her.” There was enough bitterness under his words resentment was an obvious tormentor in Andre’s existence. “Using all of us.”
What did that mean exactly? I was about to ask when he shook his head and once again turned his back on me. “I know what you’re thinking, but we all had motive. Even you.” Andre brought up a clip of the fight I’d had with Roman after the ghost appeared. “We all know how you felt about him, Alice. He never treated you fairly and every time you worked together it was pretty obvious you didn’t get along. He was a jerk, fine, no one’s contesting that, but I’m not the only one who didn’t like him very much and you’re right in the front run.”
That was absolutely fair and utterly uncalled for, but perhaps I did deserve it after all. “I wasn’t implying anything,” I said. “Andre, I’m more so wondering if Noah knew. He has a temper and you know how protective he is of Naomi.”
Andre hesitated before swinging halfway around and bobbing a heavy nod. The fight between Noah and Clara had mostly broken up, but Naomi was still talking to the two of them in a low voice, lips moving fast, one hand on her brother’s chest, the other held out toward the producer. Whatever she was saying, it seemed to be working. Andre, meanwhile, sighed deeply.
“Noah knew,” he said. “And it’s my fault.”
“Why is that?” Another faint squeeze from Denver told me he wasn’t happy I was going against the promise I’d made. We’d be having another talk shortly about the matter, apparently.
Andre met my eyes, his guilty and sad. “Because I told him.”

***

Chapter Seventeen

Naomi returned at that moment, silencing the tech. A quick glance at the entry showed the two combatants had left the vicinity, neither in sight. Whatever the fight had been about, it was over, for now. Naomi, for her part, slipped back into her seat in the van and confronted me with her arms crossed over her chest as though knowing I’d been asking questions maybe I should have kept to myself.
“Whatever you’re thinking,” she said, a bit of her confrontational standoffishness returning, “you’re wrong. Andre and I were both here in the van when Roman died.” She jabbed him with an elbow. “We have the footage to prove it, right?”
Andre nodded then shrugged, though he remained vocally silent. Protecting Naomi? Or himself?
“Why didn’t you see Roman fall?” My goodness, I was certainly full of questions, wasn’t I? I felt a far cry from my old self and yet relentlessly excited about the promise of who I’d become. Who knew this me resided inside the girl who just wanted to keep the peace and stay out of the way? Maybe Fee had been an influence, but I liked to think I finally just found my feet.
Naomi scowled, but she did answer. “We were busy,” she said, “looking at the earlier footage.” Something about the way she said it, how Andre glanced with clear guilt on his face in her direction, told me they’d been up to something quite different. I couldn’t bring myself to believe they’d been involved in any kind of interpersonal interaction requiring privacy, however, not with the unrequited puppy dog looks Andre had been casting in her direction since I arrived. There was, though, clearly something they were both hiding and not very well.
Noah emerged from the house, waving. “Nomi! I could use some help!”
She sighed and left the van again without a backward look while Andre watched her go. This time, the moment she was out of earshot, he leaned toward me. “There’s something you’re going to want to see.”
Even Denver, as reticent as he’d been during the conversation, not to mention utterly silent but for the faint squeezes of direction he obviously thought might influence me one way or the other, joined me as I accepted Andre’s offer to step into the van. My boyfriend pulled the door shut behind him while the tech brought up a stream of footage he pointed at.
“We really were busy,” he said. “But we did catch the fall.” He sounded sad, regretful, and I caught my breath as I watched in sick fascination as Roman, the only person in view, clearly had some kind of conversation with someone. For a brief moment he leaned forward, only his shoulders and back still in the shot. A second later his body jerked and flew backward, landing hard at the base of the stairs.
I flinched as he fell, hearing again in my memory the soft thud—what must have been the kick—and then the second echoing sound that would have been Roman making fatal contact with the staircase. A glow flickered and, in a rush of light, a ghostly apparition flashed onto the screen before disappearing.
Wait, what? Did Andre just present proof there was a chance Juliet Princely killed Roman?
“Naomi says it’ll make the perfect first episode of the show.” Andre’s voice shook, one hand wiping at sweat beading on his upper lip despite the fact the A/C was running and the interior of the van was actually quite cool.
“That’s a horrifying thought,” I said without thinking.
Andre didn’t comment, Denver murmuring his agreement with me as we all watched the reel replay twice more in utter silence, Roman arguing, falling and then, in that last moment, the ghost appearing and disappearing just as quickly.
“There’s a problem with all of this,” I said, leaning my elbows on the shelf that served as Andre’s computer console. “Roman was kicked, and rather forcefully. That’s why he fell. He has a bruise to prove it. There’s never been any evidence that I’ve been able to uncover that spirits are actually able to deliver blows of that nature. Move objects? Blow out candles? Maybe.” I chewed the hangnail on my left thumb, staring at the flicker of the ghost on the screen while Andre stared at me in clear discomfort. “But to kick someone hard enough to leave a shoe impression?” I leaned back and shook my head, turning to Denver, now, to continue my thought. “I’d have to say that’s pretty impossible.”
My boyfriend’s eyes were unreadable, though again he didn’t argue with me. Did that bode well or ill for the conversation we’d be having when we were alone? At least he was holding our peace until then. Besides, who knew? Perhaps my darling Denver was changing his mind and his own curiosity was getting the better of him, too.
When Denver did speak, it startled me, his voice low and a little angry. “Why didn’t you tell us about this? Alice spent hours at the sheriff’s office being interrogated and you had evidence that the cops needed.”
Andre swallowed hard, glanced at the door behind me. “Naomi and Noah told me not to.” He exhaled heavily, both hands rubbing over his thighs several times as though he fought against the urge to physically express his unhappiness by jumping up and leaving. “We weren’t sure what to do with it at first.” Andre was clearly torn, anguished when he faced us again. “If we show the sheriff, he’ll reveal it and we need to protect the footage.” He looked back and forth between us. “For the show.” That last came out in a bare whisper of guilt and shame, a reiterated line fed to him by the brother and sister duo who could have, as far as I was concerned, been connected to Roman’s death.
“Dude,” Denver said, “that’s cold.” Not to mention immoral. Probably illegal. Definitely disgusting.
Andre shrugged, looked down at his hand now resting silently in his lap. “It’s what Roman would have wanted.”
That did sound like another line and yet, knowing Roman Ellis as I had, Andre was probably 100% correct on that call.
“So you’re going ahead with the show.” I sat back, taking Denver’s hand, gratified he didn’t resist. Maybe he wasn’t mad at me after all, crouching next to me, as focused on Andre’s answer as I was.
“Again, Roman would have wanted us to.” Andre twitched when the door to the van suddenly slid open, Naomi and Noah freezing as their twin gazes took in the footage still on replay, Andre’s guilty expression.
Noah swore rather heartily, turning his back, kicking the van in a vicious blow that had me thinking in terms of murder while Naomi flickered first from fury to frustration and then to a certain level of acceptance as she met my eyes.
“Now you know,” she said, tossing her hands while Noah continued his snarling tirade of rather blistering swears I’d rather not hear again or repeat.
I surely did know. “Who’s the new host?”
Denver answered that, one eyebrow arched. “Pretty obvious, isn’t it?” He pointed at the team outside the van while Naomi crossed her arms over her chest and Noah fell finally silent, perhaps run out of words to use to express his unhappiness. “You two are taking over, right?”
How fascinating was this turn of events? Not to mention the rather perfect string of coincidental happenings and evolution that led to perhaps the kind of conclusions that ended in hard time in prison.
Naomi sighed like my boyfriend’s leap of understanding annoyed her, but answered with a nod that bobbed her gorgeous halo of hair in the sun. “We’ve been with Roman from day one and we’re in enough of the series the fans know us.” She glanced at her brother who stared darkly back. “We’re the perfect faces to replace him.”
Revulsion almost won me over as I fully embraced this sordid little scheme unfolding before me. I was quite literally breathless and speechless and rather unhinged while I struggled to process, to find something, anything, to say. Yes, Roman was a horrible and wretched human being. Meanwhile, his entire team was using his murder to their advantage. What did that say about them?
I would have left then, and planned to, rising from Naomi’s seat and ready to stagger out into the Florida sunshine in an attempt to cook off the skim of poison I felt I’d absorbed thanks to this conversation. Thankfully, at least one of my twosome was thinking straight, because I certainly wasn’t.
My feet had already hit the gravel outside when I heard Denver ask Andre for a copy of the footage.
Smart. Present. Maybe not mad at me after all. At the time, I didn’t really care, because if I had to linger there one more moment, I was going to be physically ill.

***

Chapter Eighteen

We were already on the move, heading back toward the motel, when I realized I’d failed to do my final sweep of the plantation house. Neither had my boyfriend said a word to me, his deep and furious scowl keeping me silent and growing more and more on edge the further we went without him saying a word to me.
Surely a terrible sign that would end in him walking away from me for doing the exact opposite of what he’d asked so sweetly, that I remain safe and out of the investigation. I’d practically thrown my curiosity in his face, ignored everything he’d said after saying I’d keep my distance. Such a misrepresentation hadn’t been intentional but it was impossible to deny.
By the time we reached the motel and Denver parked the van in front of our door after a rather heated exchange with the gear shift, I couldn’t take it any longer, not another second.
I burst into tears.
I’m not normally the weepy type, typically much more inclined to keep my fits of emotional outburst to myself where they could be expressed in private by perhaps screaming into a pillow or sobbing in the shower where the sound of falling water would mask the sound of my sorrows. Perhaps if these had been normal circumstances I could have found it in me to retreat to the bathroom and do my best to hide my hurt from Denver, but I simply didn’t have the wherewithal and containment remaining. I’d shattered that shell of protection so completely, embraced this new me so utterly, the other side of that choice had only begun to make itself known.
My newfound self-confidence and respect had a dark and emotional side that erupted out of me without my consent.
I buried my face in my hands, doing what little I could to at least shield him from my tears. One of my foster mothers had used crying as blackmail against her husband and I’d always felt uncomfortably revolted by her manipulations via weaponized and often fake grief. The last thing I wanted was to hurt Denver, to have him believe my sudden outpouring of tears was his fault. I took complete and utter responsibility, after all. I knew it was on me, had been my choice to betray his request like this, to put this rift between us and, as I choked on the burning in the back of my throat that cut off my air and squeezed my eyes shut to try to halt the seemingly endless flow of moisture, I did my best to hiccup out an apology that surely sounded like a madwoman’s cackle.
Strong arms slipped around me, lips on my ear, pulling me uncomfortably against the console as Denver did his best to comfort me. Comfort me, the horrible and heartless woman who’d hurt him. When that didn’t seem to work the way he wanted he released me and I heard and felt rather than witnessed him exit the van, moments later pulling my door open and unhooking my seatbelt to slide me out and into his arms.
He led me into our room and sat me down on the bed, crouching in front of me, hands holding mine, tugging them down from my face. I couldn’t bear to look at him but had to, finally, snuffling and blinking through the lingering tears, into his worried eyes.
“Al,” he said. “What’s wrong?”
I coughed and hugged him around the neck, another sob escaping. “I’m sorry.” I know I was reaching the realm of wailing with that apology but had no alternative to the volume and pitch since anything else would likely have been a garble. “I’m so sorry, I know you asked me not to and I did anyway. I didn’t do it on purpose, but I kind of did and I don’t want to hurt you.” I leaned back, tried to cover my face again, only to have him hold firmly to my wrists. Instead, defeated, I sagged and let the tears drip from the tip of my nose to the thighs of my jeans. “You’re the best thing that ever happened to me and I never wanted to make you angry.”
“I’m not angry with you.” Denver joined me on the bed while I sniffed and accepted the tissue he took from the box on the nightstand. I stared at him in shock, hiccupping a breath. He wasn’t?
“You aren’t?” He should have been. “You should be.” I’d lied to him even though I didn’t really lie it amounted to dishonesty. “I said I’d stay out of it and I didn’t.”
Denver laughed. It was a low and deep kind of chuckle, resonant, a head shaking and body quivering release of tension through amusement that left me shocked and bemused. I stared at him, one hand loosely clutching a wad of tissue, mouth open, heart pounding.
“Al,” he said, “I love you.” And that, apparently, was that.
Except, it wasn’t. He rose then, kissed my forehead.
“I have something I need to do,” he said. “Are you okay for a few minutes?”
He really was the sweetest, kindest, most thoughtful man I’d ever met. I bobbed a nod, still in shock, hitching breaths as he left me there. I sat a moment after he’d closed the door, then dragged my sorry self to the bathroom and the sink, to wash my face and catch air in my lungs that seemed unwilling to hold enough to keep me from being dizzy.
This emotional high and low action was going to be the death of me.
I stared at myself in the mirror, forcing long, slow inhales, long, slow exhales, pulling myself under a return to control that only sent shivers of embarrassment through me. I’d made a fool of myself, causing a giant scene like that for, it seemed, no reason whatsoever. Denver wasn’t angry. Why didn’t I just ask him instead of freaking out like the awkward and pathetic girl I used to be?
He had been angry, though, that much was obvious. So if not at me, at who?
My curiosity got the better of my shame and, when I heard the door open again, I joined him, knowing my cheeks were red from more than crying, not sure what to say to him when he carried his laptop to the table and sat, gesturing for me to join him.
“Naomi wouldn’t let me have their footage,” he said, his snap of anger returning and I finally knew who really roused his temper. “You know how much I hate frauds, Al. It’s part of the reason I love you.” He kissed my cheek and I instantly felt better, sinking into the other chair at the table, leaning against his shoulder. “You know what my grandmother was, what she did.” Intimately. “They’re not just despicable, going on with the show and Roman’s body isn’t even cold. Al, they’re fakers. And I can prove it.”
“How?” I’d never loved him more than now, his dear face so serious, squinting a little at the screen as he logged in and began tapping away at the keys. I wasn’t exactly computer illiterate or anything, but Denver’s skills were above and beyond.
“They might not want to give it to me,” he said, “but they’ve already granted me server access. So, it’s as simple as…” He grinned suddenly. “Gotcha.”
I stared at the footage now scrolling across the screen. “You’re sure it’s fake?” I knew it was, but I didn’t have proof aside from how ghosts felt to me and that was hard to describe to a sheriff who already didn’t like me very much.
“Positive.” Denver’s nimble fingers manipulated the keys, the footage now showing in editing software. I watched in fascination, my epic meltdown almost forgotten as my brilliant darling enhanced and played with brightness. His final keystroke showed a clear variance between the original footage and what looked to me like some kind of overlay. Which meant, as I’d already suspected, that the ghost was a mere addition.
It didn’t give us anything further, no indication of the murderer, but from the vindication on Denver’s face he hadn’t been looking for anything of the sort. He leaned back, hand sliding over my shoulders, pulling me against him while his face set in a firm and satisfied expression.
“I meant what I said earlier, how I want you to stay out of things. The murder investigation has to stay in the sheriff’s hands.” I swallowed, not sure what to say about that. Denver went on as though I’d agreed with him. “But this?” He jabbed a finger at the screen as though the offense it revealed was its own fault. “This is our domain. I won’t have your name dragged around for someone else’s fraud, Al. I just won’t.” He released me, lips thinning. “I can show the sheriff, but it would be easier with the original footage.”
“This doesn’t prove I didn’t kill Roman.” I didn’t mean to say it in that particular way, but we both knew what I meant.
Denver smiled, a little shyly and with that boyishness I adored back firmly in place. “I know,” he said, “but it does prove you were right. There’s no ghost, Al. Which means the other one, the one even you saw? Has to be fake, too.”
We weren’t going to get into an argument over that. I agreed completely.
“Andre has an alibi,” I said, forgetting as my mind began to sort through the details I was right back where I promised him I wouldn’t even start. “And so does Naomi, if they are to be believed.”
Denver’s lips twisted, head tilt telling me he was now as firmly ensconced in digging through the details as I was. More reason to love him. “I heard Andre tell the sheriff the time stamp proves their alibi, but those can be altered.” He shook his head. “All I really care about is this footage, Al. It had to have been Andre.”
It sounded very much to me like altering the video to fake a ghost was a far worse crime in my darling’s eyes than the death of Roman Ellis. “You do know a man was murdered,” I said, amused when I probably shouldn’t have been.
Denver twitched, then kissed me quickly. “Then maybe he shouldn’t have been party to faking a haunting.”
While I might doubt his conclusion, I couldn’t for a moment fault his faithfulness.
I really wanted to talk to him further about my previous breakdown and the fact I’d already decided I couldn’t let the investigation go. I knew too much now to stop asking questions. A knock at the door distracted me from that dreaded task. Instead of bringing up the fact I had completely and utterly gone against everything I’d assured him I’d avoid, I rose and went to the door.
Surprise made my heart skip an odd little beat at the sight of the tall and broad shouldered man on the other side. With a grin much like more his daughter than he likely realized, he nodded to me, flannel shirted torso filling the bulk of my doorway.
“Hey, Alice,” John Fleming said. “I was hoping I’d find you here.”

***

Chapter Nineteen

“Mr. Fleming.” I almost called him sheriff, though I knew otherwise and had never actually known him when he’d held that position. Fee’s dad had retired years ago, her boyfriend Crew now in that job. It was hard to disassociate John Fleming with the role, however. Everyone in Reading slipped up and used that title on occasion. I’d heard it more than often enough to understand Crew’s discomfort with his employ as head of our town’s law enforcement. Not that he’d ever said anything to me, but he didn’t have to. I was in a unique position to recognize disquiet in others and his was obvious, especially when Fee chose to poke her nose into his investigations, often with her father in tow.
It couldn’t have been easy for Crew. Then again, it had to be difficult for John, too. The way he carried himself, however, with the confidence and authority of a trained officer comfortable in his role as protector and investigator wasn’t an easy thing to shed and I could only guess his present choice of career had everything to do with the fact the man was simply born to solve mysteries.
The fact he’d opened his own private eye business in Reading helped perpetuate his continuing physical and energetic presence, not harmed in the least by his rather impressive size. While old enough to be my father, too, John Fleming had a rugged handsomeness that even I found attractive. I was fairly certain quite a number of women in Reading sighed over him still. It had always been obvious to me, however, his dedication to his wife of over three decades was as true now as it had been when they’d wed. Of course, the fact Lucy Fleming was her own force to be reckoned with and had her own group of male admirers made them a rather perfect match.
John waited patiently while I stood there and gaped at him before his grin deepened and he gestured with one big hand at the room beyond me. “Mind if I come in?”
Blushing and out of sorts, I stammered an apology before backing away and letting him enter. John waved at Denver who stood in a hurry and came to shake the bigger man’s hand. Apparently I wasn’t the only one who held the former sheriff in awe.
John was gracious enough about it, kind smile for both of us lighting his eyes with a twinkle. “When I heard you two were part of this little fiasco I had to come say hello.” He took a quick peek at Denver’s computer screen before winking at me. “Figured you’d probably have a thing or two to tell me to catch me up to speed.”
“What are you doing here?” Why did I have to blurt that question at him in such a rapid fire and demanding fashion? I hadn’t meant to be so blunt or abrupt, but any number of scenarios were racing through my mind, including somehow that Fee had sent her dad to help me for reasons unknown.
John shrugged, hands in the pockets of his jeans, looming over both of us like a tall oak tree. “An old client called me,” he said. “You know Clara Clark?”
Of course I did, and I’d already made that connection myself when I’d first seen her. I nodded quickly while he went on.
“Since I helped her out with the Cake or Break mess, she thought maybe I could help out and the local sheriff seems amenable to assistance, so I took a flight on down and I’m here to lend a hand.”
“We could certainly use it.” While I’d always felt a little intimidated by Fee’s father, he’d only ever been pleasant and kind to me. It wasn’t his fault he reminded me of the seemingly endless lineup of police officers who’d given me a hard time over the years. Between him and Crew Turner, I’d finally come to realize not every member of law enforcement had a grudge against me.
John took a seat, Denver rushing to join him in the other chair while I perched on the bed, hands folded nervously in my lap so I didn’t fidget. “From what I hear, you’re a suspect, Alice.”
I told John everything that happened, including about my particular skillset which he seemed to accept and even expect. I wasn’t prepared for the fact he simply nodded when I firmly but anxiously filled him in on what I was able to do. Most law enforcement officers had a healthy level of skepticism and I hardly blamed them. Obviously John was prepared to suspend his disbelief, perhaps because he’d already known about me due to the case involving Sadie.
When I was done with my part, Denver fired up his computer again and shared the evidence he’d uncovered, the faked footage of the ghost again replaying over and over so John could see it all. That complete, I then unwound all of the interactions I’d witnessed and everything else I’d uncovered in conversations with the crew, finally grinding to a halt a little breathless and not sure if I’d forgotten anything.
John grinned and nodded to both of us, big hands slapping the thighs of his jeans in clear enthusiasm. “Well done, you two,” he said before laughing out loud, a big, booming and unapologetic sound. “Careful, Alice. You’ll be in competition with a certain redhead we both know and love at this rate.” His laugh died to a chuckle, though he did lean forward and squeeze my hand. “You okay?”
I nodded, grateful for his kindness. “I didn’t really like Roman, and I’m sort of used to death, so I’m fine.” Naturally, I winced the instant I stopped talking because who even said a thing like that?
Fee’s dad seemed to understand, though, giving my hand one more gentle pat before he sat back and sighed with gusto. “Proud of you, kiddo,” he said. “Not my place to say it, I suppose, and I don’t guess you need it from me, but there it is.”
Why did that bring a sting of tears to my eyes? I blinked several times in surprise, suddenly warm and fuzzy on the inside, while Denver’s hangdog look spoke volumes about his own opinions on my snooping.
John noticed, winked at my boyfriend, clearly in full cognition of the lay of the land between my boyfriend and myself. “Better get used to it, Denver,” he said with amusement in his deep, graveled voice. “Fight it all you want, you’ll just bring yourself a dose of misery and prolong the inevitable. You can’t change her, you know. Wouldn’t want to.” Those blue eyes caught mine. “She’ll do what she wants and you just make sure you have her back and everything will always work out.”
I honestly didn’t know what to say, wanting to grin and fist-bump the retired sheriff turned P.I. while hugging him in gratitude for being amazing. Fee was so lucky. I’d have done anything to have a dad like John Fleming.
Denver sighed, sheepish grin aimed my way, though his eyes were still troubled. “She’s pretty awesome, isn’t she?” He looked down then at his hands folded in his lap. “Who am I kidding? I’m just along for the ride. But I’m going to worry a bit anyway, if that’s okay with both of you.” My boyfriend’s cheeks pinked under the dark shadow of his now two-day-old beard. “I love her, so I can’t help it.”
John didn’t answer, looking back and forth between us, while I flushed all over again despite the cool of the noisy A/C beside me. I hadn’t expected this conversation and was horribly unprepared for the kind of praise I was hearing. I refused to deny either of them their right to say such nice things, though, even if I struggled to believe them. They were too sweet to undercut by making excuses for why I wasn’t who they thought I was.
While a tiny part of me whispered maybe they were right with a tingle of delight that bubbled in a hysterical giggle under my ribs. Were they really talking about me?
“Take my advice,” John said, standing, both of us hurrying to join him. “I’ve had enough experience with brilliant women who can’t stand a mystery, even when there’s a local sheriff telling her to mind her own business.” Was he talking about Crew and Fee? Or did his knowledge of the tension between Denver and myself come from a chat with Sheriff Green? It was certainly in John’s ability to uncover the fact I’d been handing information to local law enforcement. “Let her solve it.” John leveled a finger at me, serious suddenly. “Carefully,” he said, voice dropping even lower. “I don’t want to hear about you getting hurt, young lady, or putting yourself into positions where your life is in danger.” He blew out a giant gust of air, grinned. “I’ve got enough of that to worry about at home with Fee throwing herself into the path of murderers.”
I found myself grinning, bubbling over inside with excitement. John was comparing me to Fee. How amazing was that?
“Thanks for the info.” He turned to the door, paused with it half open. “I need to talk to Clara, but if you hear anything else, don’t hesitate.” He handed me a card, Fleming Investigations in silver across the front, his cell and email on the back. “If you could send me a copy of that footage, Denver?”
My boyfriend immediately murmured his assent and then, as quickly as he’d come, John Fleming left, the lingering scent of his fabric softener and the deep timbre of his voice hanging in the air.

***

Chapter Twenty 

It took me a long moment to pull myself out of the surreal sensation, Denver’s stooped shoulders clear indication he wasn’t completely happy with the advice the former sheriff had given him. Instead of arguing, though, he hugged me, then went back to his computer.
Restless and unable to assist him, I left the room, heading for the coffee shop and a cup to clear my head, the chance to sit alone and finally process everything that had happened, including my interesting and life-changing awakening.
The moment I entered the little café, however, I realized there was something more important for me to do just then. Without a word, doing my best to remain unthreatening and empathetic, I slipped into the far booth opposite Emma Durand where she sat alone, weeping into her trembling hands.
It took her a moment to notice I was there. As soon as she did, instead of leaving as I half expected her to, she instead leaned forward, her hands catching mine, tears still flowing.
“It’s going to be okay.” Surely I could come up with something with a bit more weight than such a platitude. Emma didn’t appear to mind, however, nodding a little, slumped but obviously grateful someone was there to offer comfort, regardless of the quality.
“I knew he wasn’t perfect, Alice,” she said, voice thick with emotion real enough I could feel it through our physical contact. “I loved him, have loved him since we met when he started Spirit Heroes. I could never hurt him, even though he hurt me so many times.”
“I believe you,” I said, meaning it.
“I would have done anything for him.” She snuffled, freeing her fingers from my grip to help herself to a napkin she used to dab at her tears. The tiny waitress paused at our table, sympathy on her face, and I smiled sadly back, mouthing, “Coffee,” to her which she took and ran with. Emma stared out the window into the Florida sunshine, her beautiful face blotched and ravaged by her weeping, mascara long gone, her bare and naked grief heart wrenching. “I did things I’m not proud of because of love for him. Things I regret.” She looked down at the damp napkin in her hands, shook her head, lower lip trembling. “Things I’m ashamed of.” She looked up and met my eyes, hers the only haunted thing so far on this trip. “I just wanted him to succeed, you know?” I nodded, accepting my cup of coffee from the waitress, waiting in silence for Emma to go on. I’d learned long ago from experience there was nothing like holding my tongue to loosen those around me. As I added cream and sugar to my cup, Emma didn’t disappoint. “He was cutting Clara loose, you know.” That came out in a conspiratorial whisper, catching me by surprise.
“He what?” I hadn’t meant to speak, my spoon’s tinkling circle of the inside of my mug halting abruptly. “Why?”
Emma shrugged her narrow shoulders, glancing around to be sure we weren’t being overheard. Considering we were the only two patrons of this particular establishment, eavesdropping by anyone aside from the waitress was unlikely.
“The network offered to let him executive produce,” she said. “And be showrunner because of his track record with the web series. He was prepping a six-episode season.” Emma’s eyes brimmed again. “He was on the edge of the greatness he’d worked so hard for, Alice.”
I didn’t comment on that particular sentiment considering my personal opinions on the matter. “Did Clara know?”
“He just found out yesterday morning.” Emma sighed out sorrow over the two of us. “I’m assuming she did. Surely he told her. You know what Roman was like.” She did eye roll then, showing me she wasn’t completely deluded, just mostly. “Then again, maybe he was waiting until the filming was over. Surely she wouldn’t have stayed if she knew?”
Clara hadn’t acted like she knew. If she had, however, if she was hiding that knowledge, it certainly gave her a motive for murder. I needed to warn John. He could deal with his client’s guilt or innocence. I was far more interested in the things Emma alluded to, the shameful things she’d done to make Roman happy.
“Emma,” I said, “did you know the haunting was a fake?” A bit abrupt, perhaps, but she seemed open enough to talking so getting to the point seemed the best option.
I was already second guessing my attempt to uncover information when she flinched, then looked away, face troubled, lips in a tight, white line.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Emma slid out of the booth abruptly, hesitating with one hand reaching out toward me though it seemed she didn’t know she was doing it because the moment she decided to leave she stared at it in a flicker of surprise. It dropped to her side while she nodded to me, still not meeting my gaze. “Thanks for listening,” she whispered, then turned and left, head down, arms around herself, the picture of misery and suffering.
I let her go, lesson learned. I’d never claimed to be good with people and I’d just proven I had very far to go if I ever wanted to really connect. Instead of sinking into judgment over my failings—I was hardly in denial about my own lack of social graces—I instead opened a search engine on my phone and did a little research while my coffee cooled, ignored, in front of me.
From what I could tell from her social media, Emma was a straight enough shooter, with little, if anything, to hide. There were more than sufficient photos of her and Roman to establish their continuing relationship, her beaming smile confirming her feelings about him. She was often on set with him and the crew, though I wondered why since she had no real interest, if her posts across all her accounts were any indication.
I moved on, looking into Noah and Naomi. The pair were self-taught, both with history in the indie film industry in Boston. They’d paired up with Roman just after he left college, the web series evolving a few years later. Roman was—had been—my age, twenty-four, the twins a year younger but with enough real-life experience and natural skill they’d helped him elevate Spirit Heroes into the level of fame he’d managed to achieve without help or funding.
I had to admit despite Roman’s failings, his success was impressive. He clearly worked hard on his career, doing all the things I didn’t to promote himself and the show. While I relied on word of mouth for case-by-case projects, using advertising as my means of making ends meet, Roman hadn’t been satisfied with just getting by. I’d always struggled with my gift, thinking of it that way, feeling guilty at times I charged people money for something that was born into me, something I probably should have shared for free. It was, oddly, Sadie Hatch who’d convinced me otherwise, and despite her betrayal and own fakery, I’d kept that lesson to heart.
Those who could, paid. I decided who I worked with and who I accepted money from. It helped me sleep at night.
All of those thoughts switched off when I stumbled over a news article about Noah and his temper. Apparently, the fight I’d witnessed that night wasn’t the only altercation he’d been involved in. Just last year he was arrested for assault. The article told me everything I needed to know, and gave me a chill down to my core.
A man had allegedly grabbed Naomi and Noah reacted badly. He’d kicked the offender hard enough to rupture his spleen and sent the man to the hospital for emergency surgery. Noah was convicted of assault but served no time, just probation, when the judge accepted he’d been defending his sister. He’d been assigned to anger management courses, but apparently they weren’t working out for him, were they?
Precedence set. A kick that led to Roman’s death. Again with the coincidences. If Noah had found out about Naomi and Roman, there was a very good chance it was he who lashed out and sent his boss to his death. It fit too neatly together for me to ignore.
I forced myself to move on. As for Naomi, she had nothing else in her background, and neither did Clara. John’s client hadn’t produced anything since Cake or Break collapsed with the death of Ron Williams. I even checked the professional listings and found nothing new attributed to Clara. That had to sting, going from successful creator and showrunner to unemployable. That was show business, I guess.
Andre didn’t have a record, not much to search on him at all. Like Noah and Naomi, he appeared to have cut his teeth on indie projects before Roman hired him. My last search was on Larry Princely, to which, surprisingly, I found nothing.
Weird that the literal two mentions of the man were news articles, local ones, about his inheritance and then the opening of Princely House. I pondered this abnormality, realizing he never did tell me where he’d met Roman. But wait, hadn’t the dead host mentioned they’d gone to college together? Roman clearly knew him. Maybe Larry had used a different name?
That raised suspicions, though to be honest, there were times I’d considered changing my name after leaving prison. Having the stigma of my association with Sadie and my subsequent prison sentence follow me around made me uncomfortable at first. As time went on, though, I’d decided against it. I was Alice Moore and no one could take that away from me.
Which meant, however, if Larry had changed his name, there was a possibility he had something in his past to hide, too. The fight he’d had with Roman made me believe the dead webhost had something he was using for leverage against his so-called friend, so it was an avenue to check, if only to satisfy my curiosity.
I accessed Boston University’s website, but realized it would be impossible to find a student without help. It was likely a dead end, but I didn’t like bits and pieces left behind in my paranormal investigations or any part of my life. Not that I was a neat freak or anything, but a certain satisfaction came from tying up all the details so nothing was left behind to fester.
I fired off a quick email to the college’s admissions office, making a mental note to ask Larry when I saw him again. If I saw him again.
My coffee cold and not really wanting it anyway, I paid the waitress and left for my room, hoping to share what I’d learned with Denver and John.

***

Chapter Twenty One

When I arrived back in my room, Denver was gone, though he’d left his computer behind. I sat and watched the footage again, feeling impatience well within me as I did. I wasn’t accustomed to that particular emotion, hadn’t had much experience with the dull and uncomfortable prod that signaled my need to take action on something. It even took me a bit to identify what it was I struggled with, and when I finally recognized it, I stood and paced a moment, letting it settle around me. I was the quiet and reserved one, the one who waited for the right moment so I didn’t make a mistake. Impatience just never had a place in my life before.
Who was I becoming that the stirring call to activity, any activity, to satisfy the craving that was this need was as equally exciting as it was worrisome.
Rewriting me would take getting used to.
I texted Denver in an attempt to distract myself from this urging I felt to leap up and find a direction to investigate in, willy nilly and without guidance or permission. Actively pursuing clues was a far cry from having them fall in my lap and definitely sorted itself into the realm of nosiness and not minding my own business.
I’d spent my life doing what I was told, not rocking the boat, as the saying goes, since being weird already placed me firmly in the crosshairs of other people’s judgments. If I pushed against the norm, I’d stand out worse than I already did. So, what if standing out wasn’t a bad thing, Alice Moore?
Something to think about. So far, my other way of being hadn’t exactly served me, had it? This newfound courage of heart and action wasn’t something I could take lightly. So, on impulse when five minutes passed and my boyfriend didn’t respond, I copied a set of Denver’s footage onto a thumb drive and left again, this time heading out to see Andre. He’d had more he’d wanted to say earlier, I was certain of it. Maybe if I caught him alone he’d be more willing to share what he knew, especially if I came bearing a gift of footage.
He hadn’t asked for it, I knew that, but since he’d turned down Denver’s request—likely at Naomi and Noah’s insistence—perhaps offering up ours might soften the tech to a conversation about what really happened. If he was covering for Naomi, if he’d tampered with the timestamps on the footage he’d given the sheriff to protect her from something, his conscience had to be eating at him.
I knocked on Andre’s door after peeking in windows to find out which was his. No, I’m not proud of such behavior but the last thing I wanted to do was alert anyone to the fact I was actively seeking answers to questions I didn’t have the right to bring into the light. He opened to me abruptly, then froze, so it was clear he’d been expecting someone that wasn’t me.
“Hi, Andre,” I said, attempting casual and more than likely looking about as awkwardly uncomfortable as I felt. I waved, a faint giggle escaping me, my stomach clenching around my personal assurance I was absolutely the most ridiculously weird person ever. “I brought you some footage. Denver’s.” This was going very well, so well in fact I should have a door slammed in my face any second now. “I thought you’d like it for the show.”
Andre hesitated, but to my astonished shock he didn’t, in fact, reject me outright. Instead, he opened his door a bit wider and stepped aside, though he did take a moment to glance out and around. Definitely waiting for someone else.
I entered quickly before he could change his mind, offering up the thumb drive which he took with some reluctance. He was taller than me, broader than Denver, but not bulky enough to feel threatening. Still, there was a looming silence in the room, a sort of dark dread that wasn’t helped by the dim light or the flickering on his computer monitors—all three of them—playing footage he’d obviously been in the middle of editing.
“We didn’t catch much,” I said, by way of apology.
Andre finally turned with a faint grunt and went to sit at his setup. I followed on quiet feet, hands at my sides, for some reason feeling as though staying small and silent might keep him from realizing I really shouldn’t be there after all. My newfound inner strength took it personally, stomach in knots, but I held myself still and waited for Andre to plug in the drive.
“It’s not my fault it was a bad angle.” He sounded grumpy, put out, but he keyed up the footage anyway, skimmed it in his editing software. “You two weren’t supposed to have cameras up, you know.” He shot me an accusing side eye before sitting back. “Thanks anyway.” He popped the drive out without finishing his scan, his gaze now downcast, hand out toward me, small rectangle of digital data dangling from the keyring it was attached to.
I took it from him, but slowly, purposely touching his hand as I did. His eyes jerked upward, caught mine, enough guilt there I knew he had more information to share if I could just convince him to talk. Instead of speaking, like I had with Emma, I stayed there at the end of the bed and just waited, feeling the growing discomfort of that silence so powerfully I wanted to scream to break it, but seeing his own overpower and, finally, get the better of him.
“I don’t know what you want from me.” He stood in a jerking motion, heading for the door, but instead of kicking me out he began to pace. “I’m just doing what I was told.”
“The footage you showed us,” I said, keeping my voice quiet and clear of judgment. “Andre, was it faked?”
My track record wasn’t the best, if Emma’s flight was any proof, and Andre’s reaction and subsequent shutdown made me 0-2.
“You should go,” he said, lunging for the door and jerking it open. He already knew I knew. I could see it on his face, the set of his shoulders, the way he refused to meet my eyes. He must have been aware of Denver’s expertise, that such a fraud wouldn’t pass muster with someone like my boyfriend, especially considering Denver had his own fraudulent past to make up for.
I didn’t argue with Andre, rising and leaving, but again taking my time, forcing the discomfort to grow and hit him as hard as possible. Even if I wasn’t good at making people talk, I certainly knew how to make them feel out of sorts. Maybe that was my superpower and I needed to embrace it. Regardless of its influence over Andre, I paused at the door and touched his hand, making him flinch all over again.
I suppose he wasn’t expecting kindness, but that was all I had to offer. I left without another word, but a burning question in my mind I absolutely had to have the answer to.
Back in our room, still Denverless and unfettered by my old way of lying low and not stirring up trouble, I used my boyfriend’s computer to do a more thorough search of Andre. Imagine my surprise when I uncovered a video channel he’d produced while attending film school. I perused his lineup of short films, immediately catching my breath in an ah-ha! moment that made me feel the master sleuth instead of a medium out of her element who happened to know how to use a search engine on the internet.
My investigation skills notwithstanding, as I watched the five minute film about a made-up haunting captured for the edification of the creator and his supposed audience, I found myself nodding at the familiar appearance of this particular ghost. I’d seen her already myself, this creature of the night meant to stir fear and disquiet. Indeed, I’d witnessed her appearance up close and personal, in the second floor hallway of Princely House right around midnight the night before last.
Not suspicious or anything, this prequel recreation of the very incident that Roman needed to sell his show. I finished watching the film to the bitter end despite wanting to fast forward through the rather banal and boring dialogue as the family who suffered the haunting came to a cheeky and rather stereotypical end, dying of their own fear, joining the ghost in haunting the house she’d claimed as her own. Honestly, didn’t anyone actually ask mediums what spirits were really like before they wrote such drivel?
No. Apparently not. How opinionated I’d grown in the last little while.
I finally reached the finale and, knowing what I was going to find before it scrolled past my view, I checked the credits at the end, and grinned, clapping my hands like a little girl before I could catch myself. Silly habit, really, one that did nothing to impress anyone of the seriousness of my life and work. Neither would the giggle escaping at the same time. Good thing I was alone then, discovering this evidence that redeemed me and my role in the mess that continued to unfold around me.
Andre had designed the special dress the actor who played the ghost wore. Which brought me to the accreditation of the woman in the suit, and a sense of conspiracy growing in my mind.
Because, naturally, the young aspiring spirit was none other than Emma Durand.

***

Chapter Twenty Two

When I returned to Andre’s room, he either had left or refused to answer my knocking. Since the Roman Media van was missing, I assumed he was simply out, which left me in a quandary. I hesitated, considering my next steps. Finding the dress Emma wore to play the ghost was clearly a priority, proof of the fraud and, perhaps, could even lead me to the murderer. If Andre wasn’t in, maybe the actress who’d portrayed the ghost might be more amenable to a conversation about her extra-curricular activities that attempted to ruin my good name.
I had a head of steam up and fuming before I realized what I was doing. Yes, that thought did bring me up short as I marched toward the office and the notion I’d simply ask which room was Emma’s and get an answer, privacy or no privacy. I ducked into the shaded hall where the vending machines hummed their patient songs and took a few deep breaths, reminding myself with a fierce forced lecture I was not, and had never been, a police officer. Nor did I want to be, truth be told. Neither did I have one for a father as an excuse to pursue a killer. I was a medium. I dealt with the dead who, aside from the odd frightening popup moment and attempt to communicate, had never tried to actually physically hurt me. Not the same to be said for whoever it was that kicked Roman Ellis down the stairs of Princely House and left him for me to stumble over in the dark.
Obviously, such a person would have zero compunction causing me harm if the right circumstances arose. As in, me confronting them with details or even the wrong questions and exposing them at an inopportune moment leaving me exposed to the possibility of my own early demise.
I knew nothing about uncovering a criminal, about apprehending one even if I did stumble on the answer. It really was ridiculous for me to consider pursuing anyone associated with the case and I needed to rein in this abrupt about-face I’d taken into what remained the realm of trained professionals, not silly girls who saw the dead.
Which meant my only recourse at this point was talking to law enforcement. There were too many variables and the answers I had might feel damning to me but could actually be useful in the hands of those who knew what they were doing.
It was obvious to me at that point Roman had faked the haunting in order to secure his TV series would be green-lit, placing him in a firm position to remove Clara from the equation. I paused a moment, thinking, chewing my thumbnail in the humidity despite the shady spot where I stood. Andre mentioned something about Roman leaving them all behind, not just Clara. Did that mean he’d intended to start fresh with a new crew?
Ultimately, did he intend to cut them all loose after using them to get what he wanted and they found out about it? The show must go on attitude I’d witnessed, Noah and Naomi leaping in to take Roman’s place, could have been an on-the-spot decision. Then again, it could also have been part of a bigger conspiracy if they knew Roman was about to give them all the heave-ho.
I exhaled long and slow, checked my phone. Nothing from Denver, which was odd since he usually got right back to me. I considered calling John, hesitated, not wanting to bother him. This was all pure speculation and I had a slip of the tongue on Andre’s part along with proof the haunting was faked, but nothing really about the murder to report.
My instincts prodded me and I found myself dialing the retired sheriff who picked up immediately while I continued to doubt myself.
About half a minute into what I had to tell him and John Fleming cut me off. “Where are you?”
“The motel,” I stammered. “I’m sorry to bother you.”
He chuckled, sounded like he was walking, then slamming the door of a vehicle. “Stay put. I’m coming to get you. Then the two of us are going to see Sheriff Green.”
I gaped into empty air, not sure what to say about that, rather vindicated but nervous all of a sudden. John thought I was onto something, though. I needed to trust myself. He confirmed it as the sound of his car engine came to life in the background.
“Good job, Alice,” he said. “I’ll be right there.”
That was how I found myself, less than ten minutes later, sitting at Sheriff Gary Green’s desk next to the towering John Fleming who, with a calm confidence and fellow law enforcer attitude of brotherhood, telling the now much more amenable local officer what I’d uncovered.
When I was done, Sheriff Green sighed, sitting back in his chair far enough the spring in the base groaned from the effort of keeping him upright. “This isn’t how I usually do business, John.” The two seemed fairly chummy to me, the sheriff friendly to my companion from the instant we walked in the office. “I know you’re used to more unconventional investigative methods, but I’m a by-the-book kind of guy.” He rubbed at his chin, squinting in my direction before ignoring me again. “You’re sure this is a good idea?”
John’s chuckle felt like an old friend and I could only imagine not just to me since Sheriff Green seemed to relax further at the sound of it. “I’ve learned over the years to take help where I can get it, Gary,” he said. “I’m not questioning your authority in this by any means. I’m only here for my client. But if I come across evidence I think can assist, I’m going to bring it to you, unconventional or not.” He winked at the sheriff. “Only as a courtesy, you understand.”
Fee’s father certainly knew how to manipulate his fellow sheriff. Green bobbed a nod and sat forward, mustache leaping as he smiled suddenly. “You know, I really enjoyed that talk you gave at the conference in Savanah last year. Made a lot of sense to me.” He hesitated, hands clasped in front of him. “I know I’ve only been in this seat a couple of years, that I don’t have your kind of experience. So if you’re going to bring me information, I’ll take it.” He then did something I wasn’t expecting, nodding to me. “Thank you, Miss Moore,” he said. “I guess I was a bit rough with you and I’m sorry. I should be used to young women like you bringing me evidence.” He chuckled then, shaking his head. “Danny Nice has been bullying me since I took office.”
John laughed with him. “I hear your coroner is a handful.” He smiled at me then, enough satisfaction in his expression he was happy with how things were turning out and I wanted to hug him for having my back. I was definitely going to text Fee and thank her for her dad. “I’ve got a daughter just like her. Willful, but damn if they don’t get the job done.”
Green snorted but his grin remained. “Tell me about it.” He stood then, shook my hand, shook John’s. “You come across anything else I need to know, you keep me posted.”
We left, myself in a measure of shock and awe that had turned to relieved delight by the time John and I settled into a booth at the motel coffee shop. His patience with me continued to astonish, his silence golden as I cued up what I’d uncovered. He watched Andre’s short on the tiny screen of my phone, squinting faintly but uncomplaining at the format. He did grunt softly at the sight of the ghost, obviously aware of its relevance, even more so when the credits identified Emma as the ghost.
When we were done, John remained quiet a long moment, obviously thinking while he turned his coffee mug around and around in his hand. Finally, he met my eyes, faint grin pulling his lips thin while he leaned close, nodding like he’d made some sort of decision I was, as yet, not privy to.
That was about to change. It was clear he had some information of his own to share and I wondered if he’d also done so with the sheriff or if he was playing things close on purpose.
Didn’t matter to me. I trusted him completely at that point, a rarity for me and I wasn’t about to question his motives when I knew he had the best interests of the case at heart. If John Fleming was anything, he was a good and honest man.
“You’re going to love this,” he said, voice low, eyes twinkling like he had the best secret ever and couldn’t wait to share it. “I had a little chat with a few of the guests who claimed they saw the ghost of Juliet Princely.”
I caught myself grinning in response. “And?”
He took a sip of coffee, dragging out the suspense before going on. He must have driven Fee crazy. I could barely stand the anticipation and she was far less patient than I. “Turns out each and every one of them? Old friends of Roman Ellis.”
No they were not.
“It was all a setup, Alice,” John said. “Roman faked the entire thing and I’m pretty sure it got him killed.”

***

Chapter Twenty Three

My mind leaped instantly to the current owner of Princely House. “Does that mean you think Larry killed Roman?” If Larry found out the web series host had conned him for his own success, especially with his financial troubles, it would definitely make an excellent motive for murder. People had killed for less, and money was a touchstone for the kind of animosity that led to loss of life.
Still, I couldn’t get past Noah’s record, his anger issues witnessed firsthand, or the fact his attack of choice had been exactly the reason Roman fell to his death. That boot bruise imprint in Roman’s body was impossible to forget or ignore. I shook my head at myself, wondering if this was normal, if jumping to conclusion after conclusion when investigating such cases could be typical. If so, I envied John’s fortitude and ability to sort through facts and evidence that merely made my head spin.
John seemed just as unconvinced as I was and didn’t seem prepared to select a front runner in the race to be first choice for murder. His head shake matched mine. “Not necessarily,” he said. “I do know Roman was here two months ago, shortly before the sightings started, right after the house opened for business. I also have testimony from those friends he’d hired to fake the haunting he’d paid them handsomely to set up the fraud. There’s still a chance, however, Larry Princely was in on it. Yes, he’s struggling, and from what I could dig up his troubles did, in fact start when the ghost showed up.”
“Putting his business at risk.” Making it more than possible if Roman cheated him Larry could have killed him. Or, if in on it, was hoping for a payday out of all of this. “He could easily have colluded with Roman,” I said, since this scenario had already crossed my mind, too, “and he’s just pretending not to know to cover his tracks.” If he did know and maintained his front, if the show was picked up he could still come out on top of this entire scheme with his own reputation intact and cash to solve his present issues.
“Roman’s been throwing a lot of money around,” John said, giant hands cradling his coffee cup. “The network has been generous, so whatever he pitched to them, they bought it. If he promised Larry he could help him get out of the red, I’m sure he would have accepted. Don’t you?”
Exactly where my own mind had been wandering. “Then he’s just a good actor.” I suppose I shouldn’t have been surprised by that. The man was in trouble, so it wasn’t much of a stretch for him to let me see just how worried he was. That much would be true and could easily mask the rest of the lie if he was, indeed, in on the conspiracy. Which led me to the rest of the suspects. “The crew is planning to go ahead with the show.”
John nodded. “The fake footage you uncovered could easily create the kind of buzz the show needs to continue. Except, of course, you and Denver got in the way of that plan.”
“Roman intended to ruin me.” I hadn’t admitted that to John until now and winced when his eyebrows shot up. “If I didn’t play along. I knew there wasn’t anything behind the haunting claim. He threatened me twice, once on camera. It’s possible he was setting me up on purpose. I just don’t know why he’d bother.” I wasn’t exactly in his league after all. That made me pause, frown, think harder. “So why did he hire me if he knew I’d just debunk his ghost?”
John didn’t comment, watching me with that calm, confident expression while I wriggled in my seat and sorted things out in my head. I finally sighed and shook my head, angry despite the fact there was nothing I could do against Roman now, not really. The man was dead and I had no answers.
John seemed to realize I wasn’t in the reflecting mood and instead of prodding me about my question, plunged on. “It would help to find that getup Emma Durand was wearing.”
“Agreed,” I said. “It’s likely in the van or her room, I imagine. Or even stashed somewhere in the house.”
John’s lips twisted as he sat back. “Nope. Did a thorough search. Not in the house.” He grinned. “Mind you, I wasn’t looking for a dress, but I think I would have noticed something like that if I’d stumbled over it.”
I wasn’t going to question his ability to tear a scene apart. He had more than enough experience to know how to uncover things people didn’t want found, whether he was looking for something specific or not. It wasn’t lost on me I was learning an awful lot about investigating living people from John Fleming, an education that I appreciated but wasn’t sure what to do with when this was over.
If it was ever over.
“I really think the whole crew was in on this, John.” It was the only scenario that made sense. “Though I do wonder about Clara, still. If Roman had the network cut her out of the deal, she would never have come to set. Then again, maybe she’s far more clever than I give her credit for. Duplicity and double-crossing each other seems to be par for this particular course.”
The big ex-sheriff nodded. “I can’t imagine she would have called me in if she’d known,” he said. “Even when I got here she seemed eager to get to the bottom of things. That’s an extreme route to take to cover her tracks. Especially when she’s done an about-face.” I felt my eyebrows shoot up at that while he went on. “Like, just an hour ago when I spoke to her. Apparently she’d cooled off, suggested she might not need my services anymore after all.” He didn’t seem upset at the fact he might have just been fired. If anything, curiosity ruled his expression, not a trace of disappointment there. I really could learn a lot from him. The times I’d been let go by unhappy clients who just wanted me to tell them what they wanted to hear stung at the time and lingered for years after. I wasn’t the best with rejection, and not the last to admit it, either.
“That’s strange,” I said, not knowing if I should offer comforting words or let it stand. Turned out he didn’t need my sympathy.
“Not if she’s been let in on the conspiracy.” He finished his coffee in one large swallow and pushed the mug aside. “With Roman gone, if the rest of the group offered to make sure she retained her job? There’s an excellent chance she’s made her choice.”
“Do you think Noah killed Roman?” I hadn’t said it out loud, whispered it now, heart speeding a little.
John hesitated then reached out and touched my hands. I’d been clutching my own mug all along, not drinking from it, and despite holding the hot vessel my fingers were cold under his.
“He looks like the most viable suspect,” he said, “but I’m not writing anyone off yet. If I’ve learned anything, it’s that sometimes the least slight can lead to people doing horrible things to each other.” John sighed then, a faint melancholy crossing his face before he suddenly grinned at me like this was all some big joke and he’d just gotten the punchline. “I’m going to go talk to Clara again,” he said, sliding out of the booth. “Keep me posted.”
I waved at him as he left the café in that long, solid stride of his, glancing down at my phone when it dinged to find that Denver had finally texted me back. Relief he was all right, and not hurt or missing or had something terrible happen to him, made me a little weak and I felt a flash of guilt I’d almost forgotten he hadn’t answered me in what now felt like an age.
We need to talk, he sent. Meet at our room?
On my way, I texted back and headed out, nervous at the fact he’d chose to be vague. Needing to talk wasn’t great language, made me decidedly anxious. Then again, perhaps I was jumping to conclusions, something I did very well. It could simply have been Denver had chosen to trust me and join me on my all-in embrace of this investigation. I knew he had my back. I really was very lucky. Too lucky? No, I refused to travel down that road. I’d had enough hardship in my life and come through the other side. I’d earned happiness, and I wasn’t going to let doom and gloom shadow the fact I’d found love, fulfillment and support in a man I loved with all my heart.
Life could be wonderful, didn’t have to be lonely and yes, Alice Moore, you deserved every little bit of it.
The sight of Clara Clark sneaking her way down the far side of the pool toward Andre’s door made me pause and forget all about myself for a moment. When I said sneak, I could come up with no other description for the furtive and guilty way she glanced around, the woman clearly not adept at subterfuge, before tapping on the tech’s door. It opened and she entered in a rush while my feet began moving of their own accord.
Not toward my door and Denver who waited there, but around the edge of the pool and to Andre’s where his still partially open curtains gave me a rather interesting view. When I peeked inside, doing my best to remain unseen, it was obvious John and I had been right in our speculations.
Andre wasn’t alone, and Clara wasn’t his only visitor. If the intense and angry way Noah and Naomi argued with the producer was any indication, Emma and Andre looking on with their own upset clearly written across their faces, the conspiracy was unravelling and perhaps, even, coming to a head.

***

Chapter Twenty Four

Snooping was new to me. I wasn’t all that adept at the process, and while I did my best to ensure I’d concealed my presence from the gathering inside the motel room, it became acutely obvious that I’d done a terrible job of hiding my lurking self from those within as soon as Andre, his face now a mask of angry and yes, guilty, attention, jerked the door wide and grasped my arm in one strong hand, tugging me inside before slamming said portal behind me like the closing exit to my impending doom.
As Fee would say, oops.
The old me? She would have shrunk away from the impending possibility of violence and/or conflict, professing innocence or her undying loyalty to the gathering that glared at me like I was the one who’d done something wrong. Instead, my heart beating at a rate hitherto unheard of in my lexicon, I squared my rather thin shoulders against the pressure of so much judgment that really should have been aimed at a more personal (and I mean themselves) focus and channeled John Fleming for all I was worth.
“I know you’re all in on the conspiracy together,” I said. “Time to confess before the sheriff arrives and arrests all of you for murder.”
Ahem. Alice Moore 1. The gathered gaping and visibly regretful and concerned crew, 0.
“I had nothing to do with this.” Leave it to Clara Clark to abandon ship first. While I wasn’t exactly surprised the TV exec’s morals and loyalty were questionable, I had, to be utterly honest, expected Emma to cave first. From the weeping she’d been doing and the dress laid out on the bed, she was the most likely crack in the wall of Team NotOurFault.
“And yet,” I said, acutely aware of the fact I had zero grounds for any kind of authority or a leg to stand on as the saying goes. I pushed on regardless, knowing without a shadow of a hint of a doubt I’d caught them in the act of conspiracy John and I had considered motive for murder. “And yet, Ms. Clark. Here you are. With that.” I pointed at the dress, then at Emma. “With her.” My arm swung of its own accord to the actress in question. “And him.” Now to Noah. “While discussing what I’m sure we all know is an excellent motive to remove Roman Ellis with some permanence while ensuring the rest of you have careers of some weight and merit in the television industry.”
My goodness. I was getting good at this if I did say so myself. Or, at least I would later when I had time to assess and not barely hold myself together in the moment.
“You don’t understand,” Clara said, her self-preservation about as keen as my need to present myself as authoritative and in some semblance of professional so they’d listen and not stuff me into a closet to be found at a later date. Yes, I was talking from high school foster child experience. “We need the show to fly. With or without Roman.”  She looked around at the others as if requiring some sort of support, though none of her co-conspirators seemed eager to meet her gaze at the moment. “We can still make it work.” Now she just sounded pathetic.
“It was my suggestion.” Naomi blurted that admission while I struggled to contain my weird awkward self and call on the more stubborn and persistent Flemings I’d observed. Perhaps I’d learned more from said observation that rubbed off or was absorbed through a weird process of osmosis. Maybe, more likely, guilt had its own way of feeding the voice of confession than I’d ever given it credit for. Regardless, I stood my ground and held my breath while Roman’s sometime lover and second in command gave me information I hadn’t even asked for. “To alter the footage.” She glanced at Clara who sagged at the admission. Like knowing the truth and speaking it were two totally different things.
“Roman was going to leave us all behind.” It was Noah who confirmed Andre’s little slip of the regretful, though it was hardly surprising to me now that I’d sussed out the truth of the conspiracy unfolding. “Not just Clara.” He seemed horrifically offended by that fact. “All of us.”
“An excellent motive,” I said, noting the dull and lifeless tone of my voice as though I’d been channeling the dead who seemed so eager to connect with my life. “You do realize this makes you all suspects.” I met each and every set of eyes with challenge and intent, despite the fact my insides twisted themselves into knots of anxiety matching epic proportions heretofore unseen or experienced in the life of one Alice Moore, medium. May I say, hopefully never again, as well.
“We’re not the only ones.” Naomi exchanged a guilty look with the bulk of the gathering, Clara included, Emma oddly left out of this particular blame game. “You also had excellent motive.”
“It’s well known fact I wasn’t a fan of Roman’s,” I said.
“Not that,” she said before hesitating, her brother filling in the gaps in a flat, confrontational tone.
“He was planning to ruin you,” Noah said. “On purpose.” He swallowed as if realizing what he’d said was actually a horrible plan to contemplate. “It was part of his pitch to the network.” Clara flinched but didn’t deny it as Noah went on, collapsing to the bed as though deflated by his own culpability. “One so called expert per show would be invited in as a guest, someone Roman would eviscerate on camera and utterly destroy. That was what finally sold the network.”
I was having trouble breathing, looking around at each face, realizing they’d all agreed to this. All but Emma, apparently, though she looked sick at the prospect.
“I see.” There wasn’t much I could do about it now and, frankly, I wasn’t really surprised. I’d suspected Roman had an ulterior motive behind inviting me to the show, paying me that much money to participate for one night. Was I disgusted and revolted and ready to wash my hands of everyone before me forever? Absolutely. Except, now I really had a job to do because if one of them did kill Roman, I wanted to be sure they paid for it.
Right after I shook their hand.
Silence reined a long moment as I forced each of them to meet my eyes. I hoped they understood their duplicity was their own undoing. How ironic and utterly karmic.
Clara was last, her desperation probably the worst of the lot. Instead of an apology for agreeing to set me up for ruin, a fact that only backfired on her and the rest of them, or would have if Roman had his way, she blurted out a faint squeak of protest before speaking.
“I was on the third floor with Emma when Roman died.” Her pronouncement as she looked to the young, weeping woman for vindication felt telling, and not in a murderous kind of way. “Emma, tell her.”
The actress nodded, wiping at her tears. “It’s true,” she said. “The footage doesn’t lie.”
Even she flinched at that while I did my best not to laugh out loud at the absolute absurdity of what she’d tried to pass along as whole cloth.
“Let’s not go there,” I said. “Since the truth of the footage has obviously been manipulated to serve all of you.” When had I become so forthright, so powerful, utterly commanding in the sort of situation that would typically have sent me to a corner to cower and feel powerless? If anything, I felt as though I could take each and every one of them in personal combat and win out with little to no effort.
Go, Alice Moore. You go.
“You want proof?” Andre lunged for his computer, the monitors. He played out several streams of video on the multiple surfaces as he forcefully presented their alibis. “I was in the van.” And so it appeared. “With Naomi.” She certainly seemed to join him. “Larry was in the second floor bathroom.” Yes, if the footage was to be believed. “Clara and Emma were on the third floor.” How convenient. “Only four people were left without footage to back up their presence during the murder.”
Now we were getting to the core of things, and I knew without a shadow of a doubt I’d be in the line of fire because this was a conspiracy, wasn’t it? First rule of conspiracies was to ensure the outsiders were the ones pinpointed as guilty. Good thing I wasn’t new to this particular kind of sabotage. I’d been a foster child and done prison time. Just try to corner me.
“Go ahead,” I said, amused by the humor in my own voice. “Tell us who, then, Andre. We’re dying to know even though we are all aware of just who it is you’re trying so hard to set up.”
He swallowed like I’d hit the mark square on the head but did his best, voice a shadow of its normal whisper, and that was saying something. “Denver.” I nodded, eye rolled. “Noah.” Well now. Interesting how he’d created a vacuum of guilt around the love of his life’s twin brother. A protective brother who could, at some point, create a rift and/or conflict between Andre and the focus of his amorous attention. “And you.”
Hardly a surprise, that last pointed mention. As ridiculous as it was, it was nice to have it out in the open.
“Really,” I said. “Even with me wearing that ridiculous camera Noah himself forced on me. I have zero alibi despite the timestamp of the footage I carried.” Andre’s cheeks pinked, reddened, deepened into almost purple as he swallowed hard, looked away. “Try again, please. I’m the last person you want to accuse right now.”
This was fun. I really had to find time to try it again. Meanwhile, I was clearly losing all grip on reality and eventually would melt down into someone or something I didn’t like very much but, at the moment, I would take who I’d become and run with her.
Andre fish lipped because that was, apparently, the best he could muster. Noah, on the other hand and bless him in the most Southern way possible for opening his big mouth and putting his foot in a sizeable pile of excrement that would only get him further grief, decided to challenge me in front of everyone.
“You don’t belong here,” he snapped. “Get out before we call the sheriff.”
Well now. Thank you for that opening.
“Let’s instead discuss the very particular circumstances of your arrest,” I said, amazed at my own calm and collection and wondering if John Fleming would be proud while again wondering why I cared so very much. Noah immediately flinched and I was able to carry on my own little assault without any sort of interference on his part because my initial salvo had silenced his protests quite nicely. “Or the fact the kick you delivered to the assailant who you claim attacked your sister is, if Danny Nice, the coroner, you remember her? If she is to be believed, is, wouldn’t you know it, a perfect match in method and execution as the very blow that carried Roman to his death.”
There were enough shocked looks on the faces of those in the room, Noah’s included, I realized I’d just handed them the evidence they needed to convict him of murder. Even Naomi appeared overwhelmed by this truth, her hand rising to cover her mouth, her expectation of her brother’s ultimate guilt written all over her rejection of him while he reached for her and she retreated two staggering steps. Though, she’d already suspected him, hadn’t she? All along, if her distance from him and defense of me the previous day was any indication.
Her retreat sent her backward. In my direction, as it turned out.
“Noah,” she breathed, barely able to from the sound of her voice. “How could you?”
“Did you know?” I reached out instinctively for his twin sister as I faced Noah down. He sagged a little while I hugged her to me, feeling her relax against me, her body’s response telling me she believed, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Noah killed Roman. More than that, she knew why.
Noah didn’t argue, though his face tightened into fury and then denial but not of the kind that negated my question. “I knew,” he said. “About the two of them.”
Motive. What about means and opportunity? “Andre,” I said. “Did you alter the timestamps on the footage?”
That ultimate question hung in the air, all of us waiting, as though our very breath was held imprisoned by the lingering doubt, the need to know. Then, with apparent agony on his face, the tech slumped, nodded.
Giving me the answer I’d been looking for.
“Yes,” he said, not needing to speak the truth but doing so anyway. “I have no idea where Noah was when Roman died.” He looked up, met the eyes of the woman I comforted, the woman I held next to me, the very woman he clearly loved. “Or Naomi.”
The last thing I was expecting was her response. With a guttural and rather animalistic snarl of fury, she launched herself, not at Andre, but at Noah, with her fury carrying her in a ballistic trajectory filled with blame and accusation directly at her twin brother.

***

Chapter Twenty Five

I’m certain Naomi would have done Noah physical injury if she’d been allowed to reach him. It was clear she believed her twin had murdered Roman, that accusation proven or not. But it was not to be, that fratricide (because, clearly, Naomi had much more motive to murder Noah than the opposite).
Instead, the door burst in and, in a hail Mary of epic proportions, with his gun held out like he’d never used it in any sort of altercation before, Sheriff Gary Green confronted the complete lineup of us with his weapon drawn and ready, the requisite, “You’re under arrest!” emerging from his mustache despite the fact there was clearly only one of us who actually needed arresting, if I might be so bold as to mention that.
 It certainly helped that John Fleming stood behind him, hands in his pockets, not a gun in sight. I was much more inclined to agree with the elected official’s pronouncement considering his present company, and held my peace as Sheriff Green took Noah into grumpy and absolutely resistant company, the young crew member insisting in a strident tone that brooked zero argument as to his agreement of the accusation at hand he’d played a part in the demise of his former boss.
I would have loved to ask for more information, but trusted John knew what he was doing. Since Fee’s father wasn’t necessarily arguing with the sheriff, I figured he either had his own questions to ask or was playing along because he, too, believed Noah had committed the murder.
Why, then, did the flutter in my chest that denied Noah’s guilt make me wish I’d done more as he was cuffed and dragged from the room by the sheriff  himself?
I ducked out of the room, making clear eye contact with John Fleming, who shrugged and left with the sheriff, Noah in tow and the case supposedly all wrapped up. My fingers flew over the keyboard of my phone and a moment later, rather breathless and a little out of sorts (okay, more than a little), I found myself talking in frank and unfettered fashion with Danielle Nice.
“The bruise is fully formed,” she told me. “There are obviously identifiable tread marks, Alice. A specific brand of boot. And a size.” She exhaled heavily as I watched Sheriff Green load Noah into the back of his sedan. “I’m sorry, if he was a friend.” I didn’t argue with her otherwise. Noah Robinson was a far cry from friendship. “All the evidence points to him, including his history.”
Why did that word make me squirm as though I’d missed something? History. I didn’t fight Danny’s findings. She knew her stuff, that much was clear. I stepped back, hanging up from the mortician turned coroner, keeping my distance, as the crew scattered, Noah now under arrest and on his way to the sheriff’s office.
Emma’s departure to her own room caught my attention and, for whatever reason drew me, I followed her. I caught her before she entered, following her inside before she could deny me that courtesy and stood in her motel room window across the pool, watching in silence while the red and white lights of the sheriff’s sedan flashed themselves out of existence when he drove off into the night.
I had planned to ask Roman’s girlfriend a million questions, but it turned out I didn’t need to even part my lips to gain the information I’d been seeking. Instead, Emma turned from me, sinking to the edge of the bed she’d purportedly shared with Roman (please excuse me while I gagged and tried my best not to exude large volumes of my insides outside at the thought of anyone choosing to voluntarily sleep with him) and gave me what I needed without any kind of effort on my part.
“Why did I listen to him?” Emma seemed destitute and hugged me when I joined her, weeping like her heart had broken into a million pieces she’d never reassemble without therapy. Lots and lots of therapy.
I didn’t comment and it seemed the correct response because she rushed on like I’d confessed she was my best friend in the entire world and she could trust me and tell me everything.
“Roman found out about Larry’s project shortly after he was approached by the network.” Emma’s voice dropped and vibrated, her upset clear but the fact she’d participated in the fraud doing little to endear her to me, if I was going to be absolutely frank. I held my tongue and let her go on, thinking I, if not approved, at least sympathized with the choices she’d made all for love of an absolute asshat no one should have trusted in the first place. “He used his friends and acquaintances to set up the haunting.” John and I had already worked that much out. Still, it was nice to have that much to take to him when I saw him again. Made me feel like I was pulling my weight. “I didn’t want to wear the dress again. It was for the movie. But he insisted. And you were there. So I agreed.”
Delightful. “You wanted to discredit me,” I said. “Why?”
She didn’t respond to that right away, snuffling and shaking her head. “He purposely didn’t angle the cameras correctly,” she said. “He wanted there to be lots of mystery around the ghost of Juliet Princely. So no one would make the connection between Andre’s short and the haunting. But I swear, I had no idea he was going to try to ruin you. Or anyone else for that matter.” She shuddered. “I knew Roman had his faults, but I loved him. And he was despicable.”
So much of this made sense to me I didn’t bother agreeing with her assessment of her dead boyfriend. “You did nothing to stop it, Emma.” I was honestly flabbergasted. “You had to know I was going to publically debunk him and that he’d find a way to punish me for it. You participated willingly, whether you knew about his ultimate goal or not.” I was one to talk about guilt by association, but if it fit my circumstances, it fit hers just as cleanly.
She shot me a brief and guilty look. “He knew you’d get a good look,” she said. “He was positive about it, set it up so you would.” Goosebumps stood out on her forearms as she sagged into me. “All he told me was there was supposed to be mystery around the haunting, doubt. He wanted you to doubt yourself.” I hated to admit he’d succeeded and refused to say it out loud, even to Emma. “He said we’d all be rich.” She sobbed then, hugging me. “I just wanted him to love me. I didn’t care about the money.”
I believed her but it did nothing to soften my present opinion. “Why me, Emma?” He could have targeted any number of our community, some with much larger followings than mine.
She finally sat back, wiping at the tears on her face, her whole being retreating, shrinking. “He hated you,” she whispered. “No matter what he did, he could never convince you to lie. And that made him crazy.” When she met my eyes, hers brimmed with tears and remorse. “He couldn’t wait to prove he was better than you.”
I didn’t know what to say, staring at her with utter and complete shock as she collapsed into herself and wept.
“I’m sorry,” she wailed. “If what they said is true, it wasn’t just you. You were only the beginning. He planned to ruin everyone and use it to make himself famous.”
It took me a moment to pull myself together, to draw on the new confidence I’d discovered, to find level and stable and, maybe even just a little self-awareness that kept me from standing up and leaving her there to suffer while I very quickly fell into my own despair and slowly lost my mind.
Instead, I hugged her like she was the sister I’d never had, surprised to find my voice level, rather surreal if I was going to be completely truthful with myself. “Emma,” I said, “did Larry know about the haunting?” Because he really was the only wild card in this whole endeavor.
She shrugged, met my eyes like I’d granted her some reprieve from the hell she’d created for herself. “I don’t know,” she said. “I assume so. They were old friends.”
What a truly lovely human being Roman Ellis had been. Hard to feel terribly for his death, despite my attachment to the dead. For all I cared, if he haunted Emma and the rest of his unfaithful posse the rest of their lives? I’d be the last medium willing to help them find their freedom from his echo.
Did that make me a bad person?
Probably. So what?
“Emma,” I said, “can I trust any of the timestamps on the footage?”
Again with hesitation that told me all I needed to know. Information John Fleming and Sheriff Green needed to question Noah Robinson.
Emma finally sighed, shrugged, and gave me an answer that led me in an entirely different direction.
“Andre’s in love with her,” she said, not naming Naomi but not needing to. “If he knew she killed Roman, he’d do anything to protect her. Including implicating everyone and anyone else for the crime.”
Which meant, without Andre’s input, discovering what times had been changed and which hadn’t was going to be very difficult and make the video footage inadmissible and impossible to use to generate alibis.
Complication level achieved.

***

Chapter Twenty Six

It felt as though I’d been going door-to-door peddling my own brand of truth and justice all day now, and, as the sun set and night descended over the motel, I was yet again knocking on Andre Garcia’s door.
This time when he answered it wasn’t with outward trepidation or accusation. Instead, head hanging and shoulders rounded into a slump of contrition, he let me inside as though he’d been expecting this visit and the outcome was inevitable. I did my best to remain calm and composed while Andre accepted where fate led him and closed the door softly behind me.
It wasn’t until that moment I had a flicker of anxiety. What if he was the murderer, some unforeseen event and circumstance leading him to kill Roman? What if he’d manipulated this entire investigation, leading me into the lion’s den and I’d entered of my own accord, an innocent lamb thinking she was the hunter, ripe for slaughter?
Not that the previously imagined scenario wasn’t beyond the realm of possibility. However, as I faced off with Andre it became apparent he wasn’t about to leap on me and end my life. Drawing a deep, steadying breath, I said what I’d come to say, acutely aware of the fact he was much larger than me and we were alone in his room, not a soul informed of my whereabouts.
“You changed the time on the footage,” I said, not even trying to frame that as a question. He’d admitted it already. I needed the details.
“By five minutes,” he said, voice heavy and flat. “I just wanted to protect Naomi.” He sank to the bed, head in his hands, all the fight gone out of him. So not a murderer then, or, at least, without those intentions toward me. I exhaled a secret breath of relief I hadn’t done something epically stupid after all and paid attention. “She was in the house when Roman died. But I swear she didn’t kill him.” He looked up at me then, hopeless love twisting his features, darkening his already deep brown eyes to pits. “She was helping Emma sneak the dress out of the house.”
The bathroom door opened and the woman in question exited to the main room, joining us while Andre half-rose, a soft sound of protest escaping though Naomi waved off his attempt to protect her. She stood tall, not a hint of regret or guilt in her, the opposite of the young man who looked to her with such unrequited adoration I was sure he’d have done anything to keep her safe. Had tried, in fact.
“Emma and I were heading down the back stairs with the dress when I heard you coming,” Naomi said. “Out of the view of the cameras. Emma was afraid to be caught with it so I sent her off and took it outside myself, stored it in the van.”
“This was all Roman’s idea?” I waited for the two of them to decide who would speak, not surprised it was Naomi who filled the void of silence.
“He set it up two months ago,” she said.
“Did Larry know?” Was he in on it too or was he simply a dupe who’d been used by his friend?
Naomi shrugged, finally settling into a shamed expression, finding it hard to meet my eyes. “If I had to guess? He had no idea. Roman used people.” She’d clearly changed her mind about the man she’d thought she loved, anger surfacing, making her look more like her twin than she probably realized. “He used everyone and didn’t care what it did to them.” Too little, too late? Perhaps. Perhaps not. It wasn’t for me to judge or decide. Honestly, my conscience was clear. “I realize it makes me a suspect,” she said, “the timecode thing. And knowing what I know now… if I’d been aware of Roman’s choice to betray all of us?” Her jaw jumped, eyes flashing as she did meet my gaze, that anger returned to wash away the regret she’d let out for a spin. “He was supposed to take all of us with him. That was the deal. You can’t blame us for doing our best to make something of this terrible situation. There’s no reason we should suffer because he died.”
She wasn’t trying to convince me, was she? Sounded a whole lot more as though she was the one needing the pep talk over honesty and honor.
“You’ve lost your alibi,” I said.
“So arrest me.” As though I had that authority. She didn’t seem concerned, however, and I really didn’t believe she’d done it anyway. “I didn’t kill Roman and I have no idea who did.”
That was a lie. “You realize your brother is in the running for that particular accusation,” I said.
Naomi flinched, hesitated. Then shook her head. “He didn’t.” No conviction. So she believed he was at least capable. “Besides, it’s not just my alibi that’s suspect at this point.” She nodded at Andre who looked about as miserable as any human being I’d ever witnessed. “The timestamp tampering means everyone’s location during the murder is suspect.”
She had me there. I already knew that. “Except Andre himself,” I said.
“And Denver.” Nice of him to speak up for my boyfriend like that. “He and I were on headsets, me in our van, him in yours. I can vouch for that.”
He might not have known it, but Andre just made up for all the trouble he’d caused with that one statement of fact. Maybe not with the law or anyone else, but for me? Defending Denver came with a giant dose of gratitude I’d do anything I could to pay back.
I left the two of them then, heading back to my own room, only then realizing I’d promised Denver I was on my way. How long ago was that? At least twenty minutes with all the conversations and room hopping I’d done. Apparently that habit was as yet to be broken because as I circled the end of the pool, I encountered John who waved me down.
“The sheriff’s on his way,” he said in low voice, hand on my elbow, the lights around the deck and under the water making strange wavering patterns across his face. “He’s going to arrest Andre and probably Naomi as part of the conspiracy. Emma and Clara won’t be far behind. Are they all still here?”
“As far as I know.” I filled him in quickly on what I’d learned from the three conversations I’d been part of while Fee’s father listened intently.
“The bruise their coroner found is enough for Green,” John said then. “So the kid’s going down for it. The rest? The faked ghost, impeding an investigation, conspiracy, just gravy.”
“Do you think Noah did it?” It certainly fit the evidence, but with the timestamp issue? All the alibis were in a jumbled shambles now.
John sighed, shrugged, hands in his jeans pockets. “Maybe,” he said, “but it’s out of my hands. Clara officially fired me so I’m not really supposed to be involved anymore.” He rubbed at his cheek with one hand, then the back of his neck, the first sign he’d shown the case might be getting to him. The flash of momentary humanness didn’t last, though, and John Fleming emerged a heartbeat later to grin that tight smile of confidence I was now used to. “All I know, kiddo, is that if the time was off by five minutes? Noah Robinson was the closest to Roman in the last moments of his life than anyone.” John nodded as though to himself, not me. “I walked out everyone’s routes myself, compared to the footage. So, if I was going to pick a front runner? That kid and his temper, his record? Top of my list.”
That sounded fair. “What about Naomi?”
“If she was delivering the dress to the van… I’m assuming Emma can alibi her all over again.” He chewed his bottom lip. “Though trusting this crew to supply each other with whereabouts is suspect in itself. Either that or they’ll turn on each other like cornered cats. Could be interesting to see how it all shakes out.” He paused, thinking, before going on. “The likelihood she’d set up her own brother? Knowing about the similarity of the assault he was convicted of?”
Of course. “Naomi would never do that to him.”
“Agreed.” John let out a long, deep breath, shrugged. “Whatever the case, Noah is in Green’s crosshairs and now in his custody. I’m going to try to convince him he needs me in the interrogation, but I’m not hopeful. He knows Clara fired me and while he might be flexible when I’m officially attached to the case…”
“I’m hiring you,” I said in a rush of inspiration. “To protect my interests. I understand Fleming Investigations is free at the moment and your investigator might be willing to take my case?”
John’s beaming smile broke into a guffaw of a laugh. “Alice,” he said, “I owe you one. I’m on it.”
It was a nice feeling, that I’d done something right. Not for a change, but it was infrequent enough making a solid positive move was still a thrill. The ping of my phone and the subsequent text, however, was enough to darken my mood to more normal, clearly showing on my face because John’s expression flattened out to that stoic look I’d come to recognize as worry.
Where are you? Denver. I’d forgotten again, left him hanging.
On my way, I sent.
That’s what you said a half hour ago. I hadn’t expected him to be short with me but I should have realized he’d be upset.
I didn’t respond, choosing to breathe through my startlingly angry reaction and looked up to find John smiling at me.
“Denver,” he said.
Why did saying my boyfriend’s name like that make me burst into tears?

***

Chapter Twenty Seven

John hugged me against his flannel shirt, the scent of fabric softener oddly soothing. I embraced him back, shocked by the offer, and snuffled a moment before pulling away again.
“I’m messing this up,” I said. “My life, for the sake of a dead man I didn’t even like who wanted to ruin me.” Why was I doing that again? Hard to find a good reason, now that it was all over. “I’m not used to another person. Relationships.” Did what I’d said even make sense? Probably not to most people, but John seemed to understand. He led me to sit on a lounger which creaked under his weight when he joined me, one arm still around my shoulders. He gently held my hand with his free one as we stared over the flickering, dancing water of the pool.
“I’m not sure if you want it,” he said, “or if I have the right to give it, considering my track record with my own kid. But.” John’s arm tightened a bit before he let me go, half turning to face me, elbows on his knees, kind expression making me want to cry all over again. “Here it is anyway, a bit of unsolicited advice from a dad who made too many mistakes.” He cleared his throat, graveled voice deep and sad. “Denver obviously loves you, Alice. He’s worried about you and I don’t blame him. But he doesn’t realize what it’s like to have someone like you in his life, either. You said you’re making mistakes, and maybe you are. But from where I sit, you’re doing you. You’re finally being true to Alice, right?” I nodded, miserable and feeling tiny and yet safe with this big, gentle man who knew me better than I expected. What had Fee told him about me? “You have the right to be careful who you trust, if what you went through with Sadie Hatch still weighs on you. Which I’m sure it does.” He didn’t seem to care I was a convicted blackmailer. Maybe he really didn’t judge me for it. In that moment I realized the basis for my shy reaction to Fee’s very sweet if imposing father was my fear he thought of me as a criminal. He had, after all, made a career of putting people like me—like Sadie—in prison. Finding out he actually liked me and felt protective enough of me he wanted to give me advice was foreign and really, really awesome.
John wasn’t done. “I’m pretty lucky,” he said. “I found my partner young. Lu is the center of my life and I’d never trade her for anyone.” I was a fan myself of Lucy Fleming, so I nodded again, this time with more enthusiasm. “Took my Fee a bit to find hers, to realize Crew had what she was looking for.” John chuckled. “To be honest, took me a bit, too. FBI upstart.” He snorted, eyes twinkling. “Not a jealous dad or anything, am I?”
I grinned in response though I had zero experience with anything he was talking about. Or did I? I really felt like I’d found my partner in Denver.
Which was John’s point, it turned out. “You promise me something, Alice,” he said. “Denver’s a good kid, smart and all. But if he doesn’t sort things out, don’t let him hold you back.” He nodded abruptly. “Life’s too short, I’m sure you of all people know that more than most.” I bit my lower lip as he finished, big hands clasped in front of him like a supplication. “I know you’ll do what’s best for you. I just hate to see him lose you, in the end. Because it won’t be the other way around.”
I gaped at John a long moment, unable to speak. When he looked down at me, his own eyes were brimmed with tears.
“You remind me so much of Fee,” he said, then chuckled, wiping at his cheek as one of the drops escaped. “Without her temper, mind you. But you have that same curiosity, Alice, that same drive to know the truth. It’s rare and it should be nurtured.” John sighed deeply, staring at the water. “I tried so hard to protect her from my mistakes, from the past I couldn’t reconcile. There’s so much she still doesn’t know and I don’t have the heart to tell her.” He sagged just a little. “I worry what she’ll think of her old dad and I’m still wanting to be her hero, you know? She’s not a little girl anymore, though.” His big shoulders squared, that level confidence returned. “All I did in trying to shield her was drive her away. I lost her for a decade, Alice. And I’ll regret that the rest of my life.”
I hugged his arm, fighting more tears. For him, for Lucy, for Fee.
“Be patient with Denver,” John said then, “but if he can’t let you be who you are, he’s not worthy of you.” I didn’t want to hear that. Denver was everything to me. “I don’t think you have to worry, but you matter, Alice. You’re important. Don’t let anyone hold you back. Promise?”
The last thing I’d expected from John Fleming was a quasi-father/daughter talk that choked me up to the point I couldn’t speak, could only nod. I hugged him hard while he patted my back.
“Lay things out for Denver,” he whispered. “Tell him what’s what. He’ll sort it out or he won’t.”
He was right. A heart-to-heart with my boyfriend was definitely in the offing. Starting with the logo, the branding, the van, the equipment. All of it. Because none of it really fit me and if we were going to be a team, both of us had to be happy.
“At least we won’t have murders to deal with on a regular basis,” I said in an attempt at humor, not my best effort but the all I could offer to lighten the mood.
John chuckled, patting my knee before he rose and offered his hand. “Never say never. Who knows what you might stumble on out here in the world?”
I shivered a little, not a solid believer in precognition but pretty sure he’d just sealed my fate.
“If you ever need anything,” he said, “don’t hesitate, Alice. I’m a phone call away.” I nodded my gratitude before John stepped away, one hand rising in a wave.
“Now,” he said, “if you’ll excuse me, Ms. Moore, I’m going to go fulfill my obligation to you, my client, and assist Sheriff Green in his investigation.” With that, John spun on his heel and marched back the way he’d come, toward the exit and, I assumed, the sheriff’s office.
As I watched him go, I hugged myself, grinning into the humid evening. Why had I ever found John intimidating? He was the dearest man, and my envy for Fee having him as a father turned to a sigh. I’d never had a dad of my own. Was this what it felt like?
On impulse, Denver on my mind but needing to reach out, I fired off a quick text.
Thank you for letting me borrow your dad, I sent to my friend in Reading, then headed for my door. My phone buzzed almost instantly and, still grinning, lighthearted and rather tingly, I checked for Fee’s response.
Only to find it wasn’t my redheaded shero who’d messaged me.
I’m sending you the real timestamps, Andre sent.
That halted my forward motion. Thank you.
It’s not for you, he sent. If Noah killed Roman, we all deserve to know.
Do you think he did? I let that hang, waiting for the text in response, and exhaled heavily when I finally received the answer.
Yes.
Well now. So everything was shifted by five minutes? He didn’t need to send the timecodes if that was the case. I just needed to know forward or reverse.
That’s why his next text came as a surprise. I changed some of them, but not all. The short list he sent me held me rooted in place. For what it’s worth, I’m sorry, Alice. I knew Roman was trying to ruin you and I didn’t do anything about it.
I wasn’t interested in his apology, but not because it wasn’t appreciated. If anything, it was a kind thing for him to say, to admit he was wrong. I was, however, too wrapped up in the truth that was staring me in the face as I connected times to people, now embedded in my mind, and made a discovery that turned me around, still staring at my screen.
Noting, as I did, I had two emails, both of which caught my attention further. I opened the first, gaped and blinked over the contents. Absorbed that information even as I checked the second. Actually gasped and clutched at my throat with my free hand while I skimmed the message all the while feeling my heart beat a little erratically, body flooding with adrenaline when I realized I’d stumbled on the identity of the murderer by two random questions I’d asked two separate entities what felt like ages ago.
John. I had to find John. Looked up at the sound of a footstep, soft and furtive.
Just as a sharp pain exploded in the back of my head and darkness overwhelmed me.

***

Chapter Twenty Eight

Was it the humidity that ultimately woke me, nauseated and with the level of disorientation I’d never experience before? When I attempted to touch the aching place in the back of my skull, I struggled a moment with the fact I was unable to raise my arms over my head. In fact, it appeared my wrists were bound together, behind me, my right shoulder pressed into something hard and painfully unyielding, breath catching in the baleful depth of moisture in the air that choked me into panting inhalations.
He crouched into view, backlit by light from the kitchen, the now familiar space of the greenhouse at Princely House devouring me in the heat and water-laden air arguing with the ability my lungs had to process oxygen. I blinked at him, brain on fire with the agony of the blow he’d delivered, but recognizing Larry despite the shadows that hid his expression from me.
“Houser,” I whispered.
He lunged at me at the sound of that name, big hand over my mouth, driving me over onto my back. I sobbed once, fresh pain flaring when my head touched the cement floor, stomach heaving with the need to expel its contents in response to that much discomfort.
Larry didn’t seem to notice he’d left me in agony, however, the rage on his face twisting him into a masked devil prepared to do the worst. Since he already had, murdering Roman with a single kick, ending my life was obviously not going to make him lose sleep at night.
Especially now that I knew who he was. Who he really was. Roman Ellis wasn’t his first victim.
I didn’t have time to gather my badly abused wits or breath stolen by the heavy air of the greenhouse. Larry lurched to his feet and, with a mighty heave, dragged me upright. One hand clamped firmly around my bound wrists, he hustled me with a sharp and insistent shoving motion forward and out of the greenhouse, into the garden. I stumbled along as best I could, falling first on the stone path, feeling the flesh of my right knee tear along with the denim of my jeans in the first tumble and again as we passed the stone wall leading out of the manicured area and toward the tree line where I’d seen him burning papers earlier. Was that really just this morning? A whole lifetime had passed since Roman died.
“You killed him.” I managed to speak as he dragged me to my feet after my second tumble, the uncut grass at least a softer landing than the paving stones had been. I barely felt the injury to my leg for the pounding in my head. Still, I was self-aware enough I knew I had to keep him occupied or my end would be much quicker and the likelihood of rescue greatly reduced.
Rescue. Who on earth would even know where I was? I hadn’t told a soul what I’d uncovered. I hadn’t the time. I was alone here, with a murderer and I was about to be his next victim.
The need to survive forced me to talk, no matter the inevitability of the outcome and, perhaps despite himself, Larry answered.
“It was an accident.” He growled that in my ear, steering me down the rough path toward the trees and the swamp. “I just wanted to talk to him. He told me he’d set me up. I lost my temper.” Larry paused, dragging me to a halt, head up, as though waiting for something. A faint splash in the distance seemed to satisfy him because he shoved me roughly forward again a moment later. “I kicked him. He fell.” He shrugged like that should have been the end of it. “He deserved it. Don’t tell me you believe otherwise.”
There really wasn’t much I could say to that, so I remained quiet.
“I thought I was home free when that stupid ghost footage showed up.” No regret, not a hint of remorse. “Then I find out that idiot, Noah, was charged with assault and it matched what I’d done.” He almost seemed delighted by that. “I’ve always been lucky like that.”
Lucky. Was that what he called getting away with murder? This wasn’t the first time, after all. I wanted to confront him with what I knew, but Larry was still talking.
“And then I get this email,” he growled in my ear, pushing me harder, jerking me around at last at the edge of the swamp, the light from the house just enough illumination to keep me from sliding into the water. “From my alumni association. Asking if I knew Larry Princely. My mother’s maiden name. The one I’ve been using since I inherited this place.” He shook me then, fury returned, face twisted and hateful. “I knew who was asking before they even mentioned you, Alice.” Another jerking back and forth made me weep from the pain, my body collapsing from it though he refused to let me fall just yet, pulling me against him, hissing into my face. “You had to go poking around, didn’t you? You couldn’t leave it alone.” He let me go then and I didn’t exactly fall, but more so slithered to the ground, my knees letting go, the muscles in my legs unable to hold me upright any longer. I gave in to the weakness and fell to my side again, wishing the pain would just go away and on the verge of not caring anymore. Let him get away with killing Roman.
Except, of course, it wasn’t Roman who was the issue for me. Far from it.
Larry lingered, staring past me into the swamp and when he spoke his voice had leveled out, calmed to a clinical tone far more frightening than his anger. “I’ve been feeding the alligators,” he said. “You’re not supposed to, did you know that? It’s illegal in Florida.” Like this was any time for trivia. “There’s a really big one hanging around lately. He’s been… helpful.” Larry looked down at me, the light catching the edge of his face, reflecting from the insanity in his eyes and the thin plastic line of the contacts he wore. Contacts that changed the color of his eyes. “This was supposed to be a new start. A fresh opportunity. I meant to stop, you know. I didn’t want to bring the sins of my past with me.”
“Houser,” I repeated the name, barely a whisper, another faint splash, but closer this time, coming from the water behind me. “You’re Larry Houser. You got away with murder.”
He shrugged then, hands in his pockets, toe of one shoe nudging me as though contemplating his next move. Was that excitement on his face? Anticipation? “I haven’t been Larry Houser since I left Boston,” he said. “Cleared of all charges, by the way, years ago. But you know that already. Not guilty, the jury said.”
“They were wrong.” I found a little strength, enough to counter his amusement with a surge of desperate anger that would gain me nothing now. “Everyone knew it.” I hesitated, then made the connection. “Roman had proof of it.”
Larry crouched next to me again, grinning, stroking my hair. I barely had the strength to move away from his touch but did my best, paying for it with a surge of agony that made me whimper.
“Of course they were wrong,” he said. “I killed April Sommers that night. Choked her to death in the back of her car and left her for her mother to find.” His fingers lingered on my cheek. “And you know what? I loved every second of it.”
Terror won over pain, though the two were close companions. “You thought you got away with it. What did Roman have on you, Larry?”
“I did get away with it,” he said. “Roman was my alibi that night. He didn’t have proof, not really. Just suspected. Still, he agreed to keep his mouth shut and give me the cover I needed.”
“What did he want in return?” Roman would never have acted out of altruism or friendship.
Larry’s eyes narrowed, mouth turning down a moment. “Open favor.” He shrugged then. “I accepted. I had no choice.”
“He could have sent you into retrial,” I said.
Larry just grinned. “He didn’t though. Wouldn’t have. We all have our skeletons, Alice Moore. As for me, the law says I’m innocent and even if you tried to change that, you would fail. I was tried and found not guilty. Not that it matters. No one is going to hear what you have to say.” He glanced over my shoulder at the water while the horror of what was to come ate a hole inside me. Panic was not one of my favorite emotions. “With you dead, no one will be able to connect me to Roman’s murder either.”
“That’s not true,” I said. “Andre changed the times on the footage. Now that we have the real ones, the sheriff will see you were close enough at the right time to have killed Roman.”
Larry’s face showed his cunning, those eyes giving away the rapid circling of his mind as he thought the details through. I wasn’t so much hindering him as helping, apparently. “Thanks for the heads up,” he said. “I guess Larry Princely will have to go the way of Larry Houser. Time for a relocation.” He sighed, shrugged. “Things didn’t work out the way I wanted them to here, anyway. A reinvention is the best for everyone.”
“What were you burning in the barrel, Larry?” I needed to keep him engaged and connected to me, even if only for a few more minutes. So why, Alice? To stave off death by prehistoric monster a few seconds more? Yes, please.
Larry hesitated before answering. “I hate paper trails. They create unnecessary complications down the road. I learned that during my trial. A word to the wise, Alice. Cover your tracks and they’ll never catch you.” He patted my cheek. “Not that it’s going to help you any. Sorry about that.” He seemed suddenly furious, nostrils flaring. “It wasn’t supposed to happen this way, you know. I had it all worked out. Things were going to be perfect and then Roman showed up and ruined everything.” His jaw set, eyes fixed on the swamp behind me. “I’d even tested out my friend out there, found him amenable to the task of disposing of what I brought home with me from my trips out of state.” His laugh made my stomach churn worse than the ache in my head. The papers he was burning. Physical proof of his travels? Of the places he’d been where, I had no doubt, young women had gone mysteriously missing, never to be heard from again? I thought Roman a monster, his team wretched. They held nothing to this creature of darkness and despair. “It’s been so hard, you know, finding ways of getting rid of them after I’m done. My big friend makes that so much simpler.” Larry actually looked sad a moment, the sick freak. “I guess I’ll have to find another means to take care of the mess once the fun is over.”
“You’ve been killing women all along.” The alligator he coveted wasn’t even as much a beast as Larry. At least it was doing what it did out of millions of years of evolution. His actions were pure evil.
Larry nodded, suddenly silent, face intent. This was the moment, my ending. I grasped for another question and landed on the first email I’d received. “Shani,” I gasped. Larry frowned at me, head tilt telling me I had his attention again. “My friend Shani Busch,” I said. “She’s a historian. She dug into the Princely family tree. You made Juliet’s murder up.”
Larry chuckled at that, shook his head. “My own undoing in an attempt to create a bit of folklore around Princely House.” His amusement appeared real enough. “Imagine my surprise when guests started claiming they’d seen her? It’s how I finally figured out Roman set it up. He’d taken a brochure with him. It had to have been a fabrication for that stupid show of his.” He exhaled long and slow. “I’ll miss this place,” he said, real regret in his voice. When he met my eyes again, his were flat, cold, empty. “I’d love to take my time with you, get my money’s worth.” He laughed at that. “But I really should be going, Alice. Have fun with my friend. I’m sure he’ll show you the time of your life.”
I inhaled to try another question, comment, shout, scream. Something. Anything. While Larry stood slowly, hands going back into his pockets in that most casual of gestures, an almost tender look on his face. Just as he set the ball of his foot against my stomach and, with firm and steady pressure, pushed me into the water.

***

Chapter Twenty Nine

Remember how I said I’d panicked previously, my least favorite emotion ever? Apparently, I hadn’t, until the moment the swamp’s water closed over me, fully experienced the actual sensation that was true and unadulterated physical representation of what panic actually felt like.
Silly me for thinking I’d ever been visited by that level of abject terror without being thrust into the face of impending death. Sure, I’d been arrested for a crime I didn’t commit, put in prison, faced down women in said prison who wanted to hurt me. I’d even wrangled my way through the occasional unhappy conflict with clients who took things far enough I had to distance myself before things became physical.
There had even been the moment when, in Fee’s company, I’d been on the business end of a waving gun. All of these moments, I felt, put me in a position to accept I was rather a chicken in many ways and that panic was a horrific and layered dive deep into somewhere I’d rather never visit again.
Except, of course, none of those blips in time compared even remotely to what came next. The imagined versus the actuality was quite a variance to work through, if I may be so bold.
The horrid thing about panic, ultimately, was the flat-out animalistic embrace of reptile brain over all the body’s senses and reactions to the activities at hand. The conscious mind fled, or was deposed, by that most primitive of reactionary segments of the human psyche unwilling to give in at that instant death loomed large and toothy.
That being said, I must admit there was an equal and opposite side I had, up until that instant in time, failed to appreciate. There was actually also a beneficial and even critical truth about panic. For, in that moment of truth as the tepid, stinking water embraced me, the splash of my body sinking beneath the surface, the agony in my head vanished in a rushing surge of hormonal overload hitherto unfulfilled inside my body.
The water was shallow here at the edge of the swamp, so much so I struck bottom before my head went under, body flipping over onto my back, hands submerged in thick, oozing mud. I vaguely recall the separate and disconnected struggle my hands decided to partake in while my knees bent seeming of their own accord. By the time my feet pushed hard against the bottom, thigh muscles straining as my abdominals contracted as tightly as any athlete’s, my hands had slid free, well lubricated as they were by the muck, and threw themselves, my arms and the rest of my attached, for the edge of the path.
I honestly don’t recall heaving myself onto the grass, but I do remember, as though watching from a great distance, turning over on my back just in time to see a large and hungry mouth lunging from the water in my direction. Whether instinct or some snap reaction to impending doom, I lashed out with both feet, my heels striking the massive alligator firmly and squarely in the snout.
Was he shocked by such resistance? I can only guess what was going on in his own tiny reptile brain since mine was still fully engaged and in control. I back pedaled away from the edge of the water, panting and sobbing, scrambling for safety while he made his choice in my favor and chose to pursue less aggressive sustenance elsewhere.
I make no apologies for my sobbing and pathetic state while I dragged myself to my feet and, head now pounding all over again, staggered my weakly wobbly way back toward the garden. It did occur to me that Larry had run off without ensuring I was dead, a rather silly choice in my estimation, though it was an equally ridiculous thing to think about and was a sad reflection of the state of my mental condition, clearly.
It became apparent, however, as I made it past the stone wall and into the garden what had occurred to encourage Larry to flee before he was sure I’d been devoured by his frisky pet. I stuttered to a halt at the sight of John Fleming tackling the younger man to the ground, the pair rolling around a moment before Fee’s big father, much heavier and taller than Larry, gained the upper hand. With one smooth motion he rose from where he’d pinned the younger man to the ground and, with precision and firm attention, he knocked Larry out with a single punch.
I would have been much more impressed if I wasn’t, in that instant, collapsing to the ground myself, this time with the world around me wobbling with enough enthusiasm I literally couldn’t keep my feet.
That didn’t stop John from rushing to my side, crouching next to me, worry at war with excitement on his face. “Not really a great time for a swim, Alice.”
He was lucky I didn’t have the energy to respond.
***
Denver hugged me tightly, towel tucked around me. I didn’t want to complain, though the extra layer was overheating me and making my nausea worse. There was nothing, however, in the world that would compel me to reject him in that moment. I just wanted my boyfriend’s arms around me and for him to never, ever let me go.
I listened with half interest as John filled in Sheriff Green who stood in the back garden of Princely House, hands on his hips, mustache dancing, belly bouncing as he grunted his way through what the retired officer had to tell him. Turned out John knew about Larry, had discovered through other channels he was, in fact, Larry Houser and figured out via his investigative instincts Noah wasn’t the murderer after all. Larry was already gone and tucked away in the back of a police car by a pair of deputies and I was quite frankly happy to see the back side of him. It wasn’t lost on me, either, John’s arrival to question Larry had saved my life. Yes, I’d managed to free myself and escape doom on my own. Little doubt lingered, however, that if it hadn’t been for Fee’s dad and his timely arrival, Larry would have ensured my near-miraculous and panic-fed freedom from the giant alligator ended before it began.
“I’m so sorry I wasn’t here for you.” Denver had been apologizing off and on since he’d arrived at a run shortly after John texted him my location. The EMT’s had, as yet, to join us so it had been left to my boyfriend to care for me and he hadn’t left my side since retrieving the towel he’d engulfed me in. “This is all my fault. I shouldn’t have texted you mad like that.”
I kissed his cheek before snuggling down against him again. “We’ll talk about it,” I said. “We’re a team, Den. I need you. There are things you need to do for me, though.”
He nodded, rocking me just a little. “Anything.” He swallowed hard then, and whispered the next truth. “I’m afraid.”
“Of what?” I looked up at him, hating the agony and wobbly sensation that came from moving too much but needing to look in his eyes.
Denver hesitated, his own pain embedded in his dear face. “That you’ll outgrow me,” he said, head hanging. “You’re already so strong, Alice. You don’t really need me. You never did. I feel like I’m tagging along, that’s all.” He sighed then. “I’m worried you’re going to figure it out and then I’ll be alone again.”
The boy knew how to choke a girl up in the worst possible way at the wrong possible moment during the least favorable experience. Which made him absolutely perfect for me, I had to say.
I hugged him, kissed him, hugged him again in a flurry of activity that left me reeling. Head injury or not, I wasn’t going to let him suffer any longer, not if I could help it. I could handle a little wobble and stomach threats if it meant reassuring the guy I loved I wasn’t going anywhere if he wasn’t.
Here I thought I was the one who would be alone forever. Rather comforting to realize we were peas in a pod made just for the two of us.
“It’s not about needing you,” I whispered. “I honestly don’t think anyone needs another person, Denver.” He looked anguished, then accepting, almost pushing me away but I refused to let him, clinging on, finding strength I didn’t know I had. “It’s about choice. I chose you, you chose me. That’s so much more important.” He stopped fighting me then, focused and listening as I went on. “I want a partner, in life and in my work. A partner, Denver. Not you trying to make me into someone I’m not while you try to fit yourself into a role that doesn’t suit either of us.” I didn’t want to hurt him, but it was absolutely true.
John told me to lay it all out. Maybe this was worst timing, but it felt right to me.
Denver’s expression shifted, determined, sweet, loving. “Partners,” he said. Kissed me.
Amazing how kissing Denver always made everything all right.

***

Chapter Thirty 

Danny Nice greeted me with a squeak of joy and a massive hug, practically flinging herself into my arms the moment I entered the foyer of her family’s funeral parlor. She finally released me with a wince of sympathy after a groan I couldn’t suppress escaped in protest. Not that I didn’t appreciate her enthusiasm. I was rather fond of her myself. It just wasn’t great timing for overt shows of physical adoration, unfortunately.
She seemed to understand that, taking in my condition with a sweeping glance. One tiny hand reached out to touch my temple while I let the pain of the lingering injury show just for one more moment.
She was a friend, after all. I could be honest with her.
“I heard about what happened.” She led me gently but firmly to a long, low bench near the front desk of the mortuary, the cool interior a welcome respite from the heat of the Florida morning. “Concussion?”
I nodded, winced again. “Not a bad one, but enough they kept me overnight.” I hated hospitals, filled with the wandering echoes of those who had nowhere else to go and rarely even noticed one another in their drifting sorrow and confusion. Still, it had been hard to argue with the doctor since I’d been through the kind of ordeal I knew warranted observation. Denver was allowed to stay with me, so at least I had that much while I convalesced, his warm and loving presence actually doing wonders to deflect the grieving bits and pieces of people left behind. “They cleared me an hour ago. We’re packed and leaving for home.” The van waited, the long drive back to Reading pending like a dreaded task weighing on my chest. I wasn’t looking forward to it, not the drive itself that was the real problem. No, it was my condition that gave me pause, the short excursion here to Nice Funeral Services reminding me I should consider restricting food intake until my head stopped pounding.
On a sweet note, my thoughtful boyfriend had set up the inflatable bed in the back, so maybe I could ride some of the way in small but appreciated comfort.
Delaying the return trip wasn’t why I had come, however. While making friends had never really been easy for me, I felt an impulsive and intuitive push to ensure I didn’t leave without one final connection to the young woman beside me. “I wanted the chance to say goodbye.” No, I wasn’t crying. Yet. Though that state of being had been a regular occurrence the last little while and, I hoped, would dry up before too long. Emotional overwhelm was well and good, I supposed, if one was prepared for it.
Danny winked at me, poking me with one finger. “Goodbye is so overrated,” she said with an eye roll. “See you, ‘gator.” Her eyes flew wide, hands to her mouth as she realized what she said. A tinkling giggle escaped and I laughed with her, despite myself.
“How acutely relevant,” I said, droll tone typically falling short when I’d tried it in the past but eliciting another giggle fit from Danny.
“If you ever need anything.” She squeezed my hand. “This town gets a bit small and confining at times. A girl needs the chance to stretch her legs.” She sighed happily as she looked around the foyer of her family’s business. “Don’t get me wrong, I love it here. This will always be home. Still, a little adventure now and then? Hit me up, okay?”
That was an offer she might come to regret. “The same goes for you, Danny,” I said. “If you ever need the services of a medium. Or a friend.” I said the last in a rush, feeling shy all of a sudden, but Danny hugged me, taking it for what it was.
I actually hated to leave, now. Reluctant but knowing it was time, I stood, Danny rising next to me. As I passed the front desk, I paused. “Your receptionist isn’t here?” I wanted to say goodbye to her, too. Judy had been so kind, her sweetness lingered.
Danny frowned at me then, shook her head. “Who?”
“Judy Tucker,” I said. “She was just here yesterday.” Again my gaze traveled over the desk, the chair she’d sat in. No sign of her, though I did note the tag she’d worn sat rather prominently next to the phone, as though placed there with purpose, on purpose.
My new friend shivered, rubbing her arms, goosebumps clear on her skin as she beamed a smile at me, nodded. “Cool, Al,” she said, giggled, sighed. “I’ll tell Mom you saw her.” Danny paused, looked around, hope on her face. “She’d love to hear Judy is still hanging around.”
Ah. My talent, apparently, at work. Not unprecedented. The newly dead could carry themselves as still living for a short time, especially if positive emotions fed their echoes instead of negative. Funny how it worked that way in reality when myth told us the opposite. “Did she pass recently?”
“Just a week ago,” Danny said, sorrow in her voice, tears now in her eyes though that hope remained. “She was like family. We still miss her. Like I said, Mom will be thrilled.”
I nodded, nothing to say to that, as familiar with this conversation as I was with talks about those still with us. If anything, knowing Judy chose to show herself to me, to make me welcome, lifted my spirits like nothing else had.
Leave it to the dead to make me feel better. Typical Alice Moore.
Another hug and I left, heart light. I might have been a weirdo, awkward and socially undeveloped, but I’d not only made a friend, I’d given her family a semblance of peace after their loss.
What more could a medium ask for?
Denver fussed over me as I settled into the passenger’s seat, kissing me gently before driving away. I sank back and closed my eyes a moment, the rushing traffic and passing scenery making me dizzy. The moment I did, my mind returned to the case and the rest of my goodbyes.
We’d been paid the remainder of our retainer, imagine that. Clara had honored our contract, taking firm hold, apparently, of the crew and the show. With the sheriff’s excitement over capturing a serial killer keeping his attention, he’d agreed to drop the charges against the others if they left town and didn’t darken his doorway again. Clara was more than agreeable to that deal and the rest of them fell in line. I had zero doubt she’d be letting anyone else take control and if their rather browbeaten attitudes were any indication the collective who had previously worked for Roman Ellis weren’t about to fight their new boss. I didn’t know Clara really, but she seemed at least a little less dishonest and dishonorable than Roman, so it was a step up for the team and, hopefully, for the quality of show that remained Spirit Heroes.
It meant we were set financially for the time being, though I knew I would have to start looking for my next job the moment I was feeling better. Time for that when we arrived in Reading.
John had stopped into the hospital just before my release to give us the good news/bad news about Larry. “He’s going to prison,” he said, “for the murder of Roman Ellis.”
“But not the girls he killed,” I said, that dull feeling that came with resentment and frustration weighing on me.
“We win some and we lose some, Alice,” John said, squeezing my hand. “Believe it or not, this is a win. Besides, there’s lots of time now that he’s in custody to look into missing persons cases he might have had a hand in.” He let me go, tight grin of determination on his face. “I hear Sheriff Green is going alligator hunting.”
I wasn’t normally a fan of such activity, but I had a particular reason to feel relief at the suggestion my oversized reptile playmate might meet an untimely end. Fair enough on Larry’s fate, too. John was right. Justice was justice, even if only for someone who deserved to be murdered.
Did I think that out loud?
I opened my eyes and turned my head to look at my darling Denver who met my gaze with his own open, earnest expression.
“I was thinking,” he said, tentative but determined. “That’s where I was, by the way. Yesterday. Thinking.” He looked out the driver’s window, shoulders rounding forward. Blaming himself for leaving me in the midst of the investigation he hadn’t wanted me to partake of in the first place. “I should never have gone for that drive. But I had a lot of thinking to do. About us and the way you and I work together.”
I sat quietly and waited for the rest.
“The changes I made to your brand? The website, this van, the equipment?” He shook his head, hands clenched on the steering wheel. “I was trying to make both of us into something we’re not, Alice. So how about we do things differently?”
I smiled, nodded. “What did you have in mind?”
“Sell the van,” he said, shocking me with his intensity. “And all the fake stuff I thought would make me look like I was supposed to be doing this job. But you know what? All we need? We have it already and that makes us the best team out there.”
I beamed at him, despite the lingering pain, despite the fact looking at him while the world rushed past his window made me nauseated. “Team Hatchmoore,” I said.
“No, Alice,” he grinned. “ParaMoore.” He seemed rather pleased with himself. “ParaMoore Investigators. Fronted by none other than Alice Moore, medium.”
“And her faithful partner, tech genius, Denver Hatch.” I waited for him to nod. It took a bit, but he finally did.
I laughed as I thought it through, despite the pain, loving the play on words. While not necessarily an illicit lover, he was my paramour, wasn’t he, my true love and protector, despite myself.
The more I thought about it, the miles passing beneath our wheels, the more I adored everything about it. Just like I adored him.
Whatever came next, whatever life threw at us from here on in, we were a team. ParaMoore Investigators were on the job.

***


###
If you enjoyed Alice’s first adventure, there’s more to read!
Find book two, Medium at Large, right HERE!
***
You made it!

Whew! What a ride, right? I hope you enjoyed each and every book in this collection and that the following series bring you hours of entertainment.

But the fun doesn’t have to stop with these four stories, far from it! I have so much more in store for you! You can find all of my work (over 150 titles and counting) right HERE!

And, if you love what you’re reading and want to stay in touch, you can sign up for my newsletter HERE. I do a monthly giveaway and only post new releases, so no spam ever!

Thank you for taking a chance on my work. I hope you’ve had as much fun reading as I did writing. See you soon in Reading, or at After Hours, or Whitewitch Island, or the Heathenry, or somewhere haunted in America…

Best,
Patti

About the Author
Everything you need to know about me is in this one statement: I’ve wanted to be a writer since I was a little girl, and now I’m doing it. How cool is that, being able to follow your dream and make it reality? I’ve tried everything from university to college, graduating the second with a journalism diploma (I sucked at telling real stories), am an enthusiastic member of an all-girl improv troupe (if you’ve never tried it, I highly recommend making things up as you go along as often as possible) and I get to teach and perform with an amazing group of women I adore. I’ve even been in a Celtic girl band (some of our stuff is on YouTube!) and was an independent film maker (go check out the Lovely Witches Club at https://lovelywitchesclub.com). My life has been one creative thing after another—all leading me here, to writing books for a living. 
Now with multiple series in happy publication, I live on beautiful and magical Prince Edward Island (I know you’ve heard of Anne of Green Gables) with my multitude of pets. 
I love-love-love hearing from you! You can reach me (and I promise I’ll message back) at patti@pattilarsen.com. And if you’re eager for your next dose of Patti Larsen books (usually about one release a month) come join my mailing list! All the best up and coming, giveaways, contests and, of course, my observations on the world (aren’t you just dying to know what I think about everything?) all in one place: https://bit.ly/PattiLarsenEmail.
Last—but not least!—I hope you enjoyed what you read! Your happiness is my happiness. And I’d love to hear just what you thought. A review where you found this book would mean the world to me—reviews feed writers more than you will ever know. So, loved it (or not so much), your honest review would make my day. Thank you!
