Orwell’s Librarians


A Kat Johnson Mystery


By William Wresch
Copyright 2020 William Wresch
Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


The cabins on the other end of Kat’s lake are always empty, always for sale.  Finally one is bought by a librarian and her mother.  They immediately begin building a huge book repository on their land.  Purpose?  To protect books from being changed as George Orwell predicted in his book 1984.  A series of break ins and fires leaves Kat wondering who would want to attack a collection of old books?  


Chapter 1
Across the Lake

Kat’s first mystery was why anyone would want to buy one of the cabins on the south end of her lake.  There were two of them, built in the 1950s by men with limited time, limited money, and limited skill.  Strictly do-it-yourself efforts, the cabins were eighteen by twenty four and featured floors that squeaked, windows that leaked, and roofs that buckled under a snow load.  
But they served their purpose.  The men who built them needed a place out of the rain when they came up to fish, and if the places weren’t fancy (or even up to code), they had floors.  And if there was one thing both men had learned as they crossed France and Germany in Patton’s Third Army it was that they never wanted to sleep on the ground again.
Over the next fifty years, as the men got a few extra dollars and a little extra time, both cabins got insulated, and both got wells and septic systems – indoor plumbing.  Linoleum went over the floor boards (which still squeaked), and cheap paneling covered the walls.  Propane gave them a little heat, and scattered outlets gave them light.  As fishing shacks, the cabins were everything the men wanted.  Both had a second home, and lifelong companionship.  The fishing was never good, but it was always good enough.
They died within a year of each other.  The kids had moved off, as kids from Wisconsin do, so the cabins went on the market.  And stayed there.  Building code violations aside, the cabins were tiny, old, and unattractive.  “Tear downs” in the real estate ads.  They were also located on a shallow, uninteresting lake.  Worse, they were at the far end of Wisconsin.  The nearest town was Amberg, a place that looked just as tiny, old, and unattractive as the cabins.
Over the next twenty years, if the cabins sold, it was only a season or two before they went back on the market - a brief interlude while the kids complained about how boring the place was, and the head of the house learned that updates to the cabins would take forever and cost unbelievable amounts.  Mostly the cabins sat empty.  Roofs sagged a bit more each year, and paint peeled off in bigger pieces.
And then one of the cabins sold.  Strange in itself.  Stranger still, it had been purchased by two women, and stranger still, the women planned to live there year round.  Kat had trouble believing any of that.  But when a moving van arrived one September morning, she became a believer.
Her next mystery came when she met the two women, but that didn’t happen for a couple days.
Kat had been busy with her weekend workshop.  The fall photography workshop had been perfect.  Peak color this far north in Wisconsin was late September, and colors had exploded exactly on time.  The woods near the lodge were mostly aspen and birch, so the dominant color was yellow, but Kat knew where to find maples so they could mix in a good shading of red.  She also knew the best logging roads, old barns, and rural streams, so she had provided nine settings over three day weekend.  All twelve women were going home with dozens of landscapes that would be the pride of any living room.
They went home happy, Kat stayed to do laundry.  Twelve beds to strip and an endless pile of towels of wash.  But.  With just a few days left in September, Kat knew warm, sunny afternoons were vanishing.  The laundry wasn’t going anywhere.  The sun was.  Only a fool stayed in doors on such an afternoon.  
Time to walk around the lake.  Her lodge was on one of the least interesting lakes in Wisconsin, but there was a road around it, and trees around it, and sun overhead.  Kat put a baseball cap on her head, and hit the road.
A complete walk around the lake took about half an hour.  It was always a quiet walk, just her, a few deer, a collection of birds, and an occasional bear.  That afternoon she had the road to herself.  Sun, a light breeze, the lake to her left, the woods to her right.  Her tennis shoes set a nice easy pace on the asphalt.
Thoughts as she walked?  Some reflections back on the weekend workshop.  It might be worth bringing in a professional photographer to provide some expertise.  Maybe next year.  The wine worked.  The evening bonfire had gone well.  Maybe Dave’s falls as a backdrop next time.  Random thoughts as she covered ground, moving at a pace she had absorbed during twenty years in uniform.  Eyes still sometimes looking for turned soil on the edge of the road.  Some habits fade slowly.
Kat came around a curve and saw a car.  Two women.  Both standing on a hillside adjacent to the cabin.  New owners.  Rumors had been right.  Two women.  The women saw her coming.  They stood motionless and waited for Kat to finish coming around the curve to their place.  It was Kat who started the conversation.
“Hi.  New owners?  I am Kat Johnson.  I have the place across the lake.”
“Lois Evens, my mother.  I’m Bethany Evans.”  It was the younger woman who spoke.  She pointed to her mother, then raised her hand as she gave her name.  Kat guessed the older woman to be around eighty.  Tall, thin, standing pretty straight for someone her age.  Thinning gray hair pulled back in a ponytail.  Black frame glasses on a long face.  Somehow she looked patrician.  Maybe it was her stature.  Head held high, direct eye contact.  Not hostile, but no nonsense either.  Well, maybe, a bit hostile.
The daughter seemed mid to late forties.  Also tall and thin.  Brunette with a few gray streaks.  Wire rim glasses.  Same bearing as the mother.  Kat had an image of pioneer women on the prairie.  They would handle drought, locusts, and any damn fool who stepped onto their land. But at least the daughter moved through the usual courtesies.  Hand out, she stepped toward Kat.  Strong handshake.  Direct eye contact.  Kat wondered if she had been president of her local Rotary Club.
“I take it you’re new owners?”
“Yes.  We are moving up here.  I am the new librarian in Wausaukee.”  A pause, a smile, the firm handshake.  Maybe something from a sales course she had taken?  Kat’s turn. 
“Welcome.  I run a business out of my lodge across the lake.  Northwoods Experiences.  Weekend workshops for women.  You may see a few more cars across the lake weekends.  During the week it is just me.”  Kat paused.  Questions?  None.  But Bethany maintained a pleasant smile.  Lois had become interested in the lake.  Or was it the woods?  
“It’s very nice of you to visit.”  Still a very pleasant smile from Bethany.  Direct gaze.  Lots of eye contact.  “I’m sure we’ll be seeing a lot of each other.”
“I’d like that.”  More smiles, but there was really nothing more to say.  So Kat began backing away.  “Well, if you need anything, you know where to find me.”  
She smiled, waved, and went on with her walk.  The women stood silently until Kat was farther down the road, then went back to whatever they had been discussing.
Kat was curious.  Mom was obviously less social.  She seemed to fit the location.   Deep woods tend to attract quiet types.  It takes a certain type to think an evening staring at trees is a good evening.  She understood.  Quiet was one of the reasons she had selected her piece of the empty north.
Bethany?  Extravert.  Outgoing.  Practiced smile and handshake.  What was she doing in the middle of nowhere?  Did she understand she had just bought a piece of emptiness?  Very odd.
Back at her lodge, Kat made a dinner from the weekend’s leftovers, including half a bottle of wine.  She ate her dinner sitting on her front porch, staring across the lake.  She could see lights.  That was new and different.  She liked it.  



Chapter 2
Jim

Kat’s weekly schedule had been set for some time.  Monday laundry, Tuesday bathrooms, Wednesday Jim.  After three years of Wednesdays with Jim, things had taken a turn in August.  Jim had proposed in May, but when he seemed unwilling to set a marriage date, Kat had returned his ring and taken a lover.  They were back together in September, but “together” was still being redefined.  It felt like every Wednesday was a first date.  What to say, what to do, when to climb into bed together.
Kat was trying to make things work.  For starters, she was helping with Jim’s bar.  It was actually Jim’s father’s bar, but after his heart attack, Jim was left to run the business while still teaching biology at Wausaukee High.  That made for long days.  His cousin had agreed to bartend Mondays and Tuesdays.  Kat took Wednesdays and Thursdays, leaving Jim with the weekend.
The bar, small and old as it was, was the most successful business in Amberg.  Almost the only business in Amberg.  Main Street was one block long.  On one side was abandoned railroad tracks.  The other?  Empty lot, Jim’s bar, tiny restaurant (open for breakfast and lunch), party store, empty lot, abandoned post office.  Amberg had taken a century to shrink down to its current size.  If the bar ever closed, the town would completely disappear.
Kat had never bartended before, but Amberg was a great place to start.  Weekdays the bar was open from three to nine.  Retirees arrived promptly at three and ordered beer or brandy or white wine (the women).  Guys getting off work ordered beer and or brandy shots.  She once had a tourist order a brandy old fashioned sweet (the state drink of Wisconsin).  She thought she did okay, but he switched to beer after one.
When you are a town of two hundred (probably fewer in the next census), the one bar in town serves as the local equivalent to FaceBook.  Want to know what’s going on?  Pay two bucks for a sixteen ounce glass of beer and listen to conversations up and down the bar.  The main topic of conversation that Wednesday?  Kat’s new neighbor.  Not her job – that was happening down the road in Wausaukee and at the library, a place few of them ever used.  It was her building that excited the interest.
“I just got hired to clear the top off the hill next to her cabin.  There’s just the two of them in that cabin on the lake, but apparently they need something huge.  The area is easily a hundred by a hundred.”  Dale Zimpher owned the only bulldozer in town.  And mostly it sat parked.  In the spring he had cleared land over by the Hilton resort for two town houses, but nothing else had been built all summer.  This late in September he and everyone else in town was surprised anything would be built by anybody, much less something big, something by a librarian.
Now the whole town had a new mystery.  It was summed up by one of the men down the bar.  
“Anyone know what they’re building?”  
That question and a wide range of responses worked their way up and down the bar for the next hour.  No one had an answer, which was fortunate, since it left the field open for speculation.  Possibilities ranged from a lodge as big as Kat’s, to an antiques store, to a guest cabin for relatives.  Finally people ran out of ideas and the conversation moved on to the last Packer game, the next Packer game, and the best Packer games back when Lombardi was coach.  About six o’clock most of the men went home to dinner.  Kat heated up frozen pizzas for several of the single guys who ate pizza and shot pool until she closed the place at nine.  At least she tried.  As always, it was closer to nine thirty by the time she got the last guy out the door.
In their new, experimental schedule, Kat drove to Wausaukee to spend Wednesday night at Jim’s apartment.  He drove up and spent Thursday night at her lodge.  She walked in with a money bag containing the day’s income (less than three hundred dollars), and he counted out her pay (nine dollars per hour – fifty four dollars for the day).  Counting the eleven dollars she had made in tips, she had earned sixty five dollars for about eight hours of her time.  She hoped he was grateful.
He did have dinner and a glass of wine waiting for her.  What do people in an on-again, off-again romance talk about?  One night it got so bad they had actually talked about the weather.  More recently they talked about the bar – something they had in common.  His kitchen counter extended a few feet into his tiny living room (described as a “breakfast bar” on the rental agreement).  They sat next to each other, her eating his spaghetti (prepared pretty well for a bachelor), him keeping her wine glass full as he sat close and paid attention as she talked.  She had to give him credit for that.  At least he never interrupted.
“The big discussion tonight is my new neighbors.  They have started building something.”
“A barn.  My father saw the building permit.”  Jim’s father owned businesses all over the area and sat on the board of the Pembine Wausaukee Bank.
“A barn?  Are you sure?”  Kat had a fork full of spaghetti noodles half way to her mouth and stopped.  “Why would they want a barn?”
“Don’t know.  But it’s forty by eighty.  One of those companies that puts up steel pole barns will be up before the end of the month to erect it.”
“The librarian is in her forties, and her mother is in her seventies.  Unless more of the family moves up, I just don’t see them raising cows or something.”
“I guess we’ll see.”  
There was a pause, and then they moved to the standard conversation topics – the latest on his boys, then his questions about her last workshop.  Standard conversation topics.  Weekly topics.  Both of them answered with more enthusiasm than they felt.  Maybe that was the worst result of their argument in August.  Now both of them had to put effort into simple conversations.  Both knew that another breakup was possible.  After all, they had experienced one – why not two?  Egg shells.  Tiptoes.  Pick a metaphor.  They all expressed the same fragility.  Two people who had once clung to each other now touched carefully.
Sex?  Still pretty good.  Kat finished her spaghetti, rinsed off her plate, and then took Jim’s hand and led him into the bedroom.  He was a big guy.  A basketball player like her.  He held her, kissed her, and slowly undressed her.  She undressed him, put on a satin nightgown she kept in his dresser, and pulled him into bed.  They still rocked the bed pretty well.  They slept in each other’s arms, holding each other much as they had in the past.  It almost felt like it once had. 



Chapter 3
The Librarian

Kat woke facing Jim.  He was already awake, watching her.  Teachers needed to be at school by seven thirty.  Time for him to smile at her, but not much more.  He played with her hair a bit, then rolled out of bed.  While he was in the shower, she padded into his tiny kitchen.  Bare feet on a cold floor.  Satin night gown in a cold room.  There was a way she wanted to appear to him.  She even played with her hair a bit so strands crossed her forehead.  Seduction.  She was trying.
She had his oatmeal ready and a lunch packed by the time he came out of the bedroom in khakis and a polo shirt.  She set two bowls on the breakfast bar and ate with him.
“How is the school year shaping up?”  Kat was lifting her spoon with one hand, the other hand holding her hair out of the way.
“I’m not supposed to mention evolution without explaining why the Bible is also right, and I can’t talk about how global warming is moving species around.”
“And the kids?”
“Ninth graders.  Erections out of nowhere.  Giggles at anything.  Bullying via the hallways and Facebook.  The usual.”
“And our schedule?”  Kat was staring at her oatmeal, but her peripheral vision was locked on Jim.  Were Wednesday and Thursday nights their destiny?  Was this it?  Spending two nights a week pouring beer before climbing into his bed?  Time for him to say something.
“I’m not sure Jamie is going to work out.  He is already asking for Mondays off starting next month so he can join a bowling league.  I’m thinking of hiring a fulltime bartender.  Then you wouldn’t have to work your nights either.”
“Okay.”  She took another spoonful of oatmeal and waited.  And waited.
“We can talk some more about it tonight.  I’ve got to run.”
“Okay.”
He put his bowl in the sink, pulled on his shoes, quick kiss and he was gone.
He was gone.  The door closed behind him, same as it always did, but somehow, that morning, it seemed final.  He was gone.  They were done.  Kat finished her oatmeal, washed both their dishes, took a shower, and dressed.  And then?  She stood in the middle of his tiny apartment, standing on industrial grade carpet, looking around at beige walls and second hand furniture.  One wall had family pictures.  Big ones of his boys in little league uniforms.  Another of the whole family – Jim and his former wife standing behind the boys, each with a hand on the shoulder of a boy.  And Kat?  No picture in the main room.  No picture in their bedroom.  Her only presence was the clothes she hung in his closet and pushed into his dresser.  Her claim to territory.  Wednesdays and Thursdays.  Her claim to his time.
And.  It wasn’t enough.  She found a paper bag and cleared her clothes from his dresser and his closet.  Routine meals.  Routine fucking.  Routine conversations.  Time to end it.  She didn’t want a big fight.  She didn’t want a serious discussion.  She didn’t want second chances.  She wanted more from him.  She thought she had earned more from him.  Was an extra evening a week too much to expect?  Maybe a hug before he left?  Maybe some expression on his face that indicated love, longing, regret at leaving her?  Maybe some recognition that she was there, wearing satin, cold in his cold apartment, waiting for him to hold her.
She left her apartment key on his breakfast bar and drove away.  She had her own business to run.  Her own needs.  
Her needs Thursday morning always involved the Wausaukee IGA.  She had a standard shopping list.  Lois or Marie (owners of the tiny restaurant in Amberg) would bring the meals for the weekend.  Kat needed to provide the snacks – a bit of food to go with the wine she served each evening.  Over the years she had found what worked best – and prepared the easiest – and that is what she bought.  Cheese (three kinds), crackers, grapes, apples (served as slices), miniature carrots, and dill dip.  She had her groceries bagged, paid for, and in her van in minutes.
And then she stopped.  She had time.  It was barely nine.  She had a few things to do back at her lodge, and she would still open Jim’s bar at three, but she had time.  And she was curious.  She had stopped at the library once when she first moved to Amberg.  She still remembered where it was – in a town the size of Wausaukee, locations were never confusing.  Highway 141 was essentially Main Street, with the high school at one end of town and the bowling alley at the other.  In between were about a dozen businesses.  The library was one block off the main drag, next to the Presbyterian Church.
Not much of a place.  About the size of a two car garage, and similar in appearance.  Spots for four cars to park out front, two of them occupied this morning.  Kat’s huge fourteen passenger van pretty much filled the rest of the lot.  
Inside?  A children’s corner with cushions on the floor and pastel painting of the walls and shelves.   A long wall of shelves for fiction, another row of shelves for non-fiction, a corner with pictures and pamphlets on local history.  Just to the right of the door was a desk – and Bethany Evans.
“Good morning.  Can I help you find something?”  Evans looked up from her desk, an official smile on her face.
“Actually I just came by the see how you are settling in.  I am your neighbor.”
“Yes.  Kat Johnson.  I haven’t forgotten you.”  She stood, came around from behind her desk, and extended a hand.  The same handshake.  Maybe held a little longer.  “It is nice of you to come by.”
“I wanted to invite you and your mother to dinner some night when you are free.”  Actually Kat had come in with no such intention, but, standing opposite Bethany, holding her hand, the invitation had come automatically.  And, once it was out of her mouth, Kat was sure it had been the right thing to say. 
“Thank you.  That is very kind.  I’ll speak with my mother and get back to you.”  Steady gaze, big smile.  Kat had her complete attention.  She wondered what to say next.    
“Are you finding the library to your liking?”
“It’s underfunded, but all libraries are.”  No rancor in the comment.  Just stating a fact.
“Yes.”  Now what?  Take a book?  She didn’t have a library card.  “Well, it looks like you are doing fine.  I guess I’ll go.”
“It was nice of you to visit.”  Big smile.  And then – “Give my regards to the NSA.”
“What?”  Kat had already started turning toward the door.  Now she froze.  NSA?  Had she heard right?  “Did you just mention the NSA?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“Tell them my mother and I are doing fine.”  She was still smiling.  Very pleasant.  No irritation.  No anxiety.  Certainly no anger.  She was telling Kat to report her actions to the government.  What the hell?
“What in the world are you talking about?”
“Major, you have made your visit.  You know where we live and where I work.  I think that’s enough for your current report.”
“I think you are confused.”
“Kat.  It’s okay.”  She stood and smiled as if they were old friends talking about the weather.  
“Whatever you think you know about me – is wrong.”
“Of course.”  Same smile.
“I am not your enemy.  I hope you come to understand that.”
“I am hoping we will become good friends.”  Kat had no idea how to respond.  She stood in front of her desk a few more seconds, but could think of nothing else to add.  So she left.
The lodge was about fifteen miles from Wausaukee.  Time to think.  Evans knew about her time at the NSA.  Kat was pretty sure no one else in town knew that.  Her twenty years in the Army?  Her rank?  Yes, that they knew.  But her assignment to Fort Meade?  No.  No one asked, and she never said.  It was just one more posting.  The fact that the National Security Agency was headquartered there?  There was no reason for anyone to know that.  Evans did.  Why? 
Kat took the long way home.  As she turned off the county road toward her lake, she turned left instead of right, taking the lake road to the opposite end of her lake.  The guy with the bulldozer had been right.  A huge area had been cleared.  It was an ugly scar.  Low netting provided a barricade between the open area and the lake, but any serious rain would drive mud down the slope and into her lake.  Kat was tempted to call the Department of Natural Resources to have the dirt barricaded better.  But she didn’t.  She slowly drove past and then returned to her lodge.
And she did call the NSA.  She had an old friend still employed there who might tell her who Bethany Evans really was.  And maybe she’d even tell Kat what the hell was going on.



Chapter 4
The Mystery Librarian

“She said she expected me to report in about her.  She called me ‘major’ and knew I had some history with NSA.”
“What’s her name?”
“Bethany Evans.  She’s the new librarian in Wausaukee.”
“Give me an hour or so.  I’ll call you when I know something.”
People moved in and out of NSA and Fort Meade pretty quickly.  Christie Witt was one of the few people still there from Kat’s time.  Not among Kat’s favorite postings.  Exorbitant rents, endless traffic, hot, sticky Maryland climate.  And her job?  Basic administrivia while she completed her twenty.  Three years of scheduling patrols, updating yet another security system, knowing NSA’s own security was doing yet another level of security inside her military system.  Trivial, tedious, boring beyond belief.  
While she waited for Christie to do her check, Kat did a Google search of her own.  Three news articles about Evans.  PR piece about her arrival at the main library of a Chicago suburb.  PhD in Library and Information Science.  Technology expert.  Then a piece about some controversy at the Illinois state convention of the American Library Association.  She wanted the state association to take a position.  On what?  Something to do with technology.  The reporter didn’t seem too clear about what the position was, only that it caused an uproar.  Third article – she was leaving her library position – “to pursue personal interests.”  
Nothing about her arrival in Wausaukee.  Marinette County had one newspaper covering an entire region that used to have three papers.  And the one paper was down to two reporters, both of whom seldom left Marinette.  Wausaukee was a forty five minute drive.  Mention was made of Wausaukee events only if they involved advertisers, and even then, the copy had to be emailed to the paper where it was printed as received.  
The Wausaukee library had a web page, but it just listed hours and location.  It did mention a special Christmas reading of the “Grinch” at Saturday children’s hour, but the date given was two years past.  If Evans was a technology expert, she had a lot of work ahead of her.
Kat gave up her inquiries into Bethany Evans.  She checked her email and responded to the usual last minute questions by the ladies who would be arriving the next day – arrival times and dress code.  It was a water color weekend.  Ten women signed up.  Mary Waters would be coming down from Escanaba to lead the workshop.  An easy weekend for Kat.  All she had to do was keep the women fed and entertained.  
Christie called back faster than Kat had expected.
“She’s an Orwellian.”
“As in George Orwell, 1984, all that?  I had to read it in ninth grade.  I think so did the rest of the world.”
“She did more than read it.  She started a special interest group in the American Library Association.  They had several group names - Fake History, Preserving Truth, Mini-Truth.  Finally they just called themselves the Orwell Special Interest Group.”
“What could that possibly have to do with the NSA?”  Kat had some note paper in front of her, and had written down ”Orwell.”  She had no idea what else to add.
“In Orwell’s book, the government keeps rewriting history.  They are always at war with one entity or another.  And they change sides.  Suddenly the enemy becomes the ally.  Now all books need to be changed to show that the new ally was always the ally, always the good guy.”
“All I remember from the book is the rat scene at the end.  Scared the hell out of me.”
“Well, her group’s focus was history and not wanting books to change it.”
“That seems pretty easy to me.  I have fifty fishing books here in the lodge.  I don’t think they will be changing any time soon.  So what am I missing?”
“What if your book weren’t printed on paper?  What if they were ebooks?”
“Great.  Authors could update them as needed.”
“What if it wasn’t the authors updating their books?  What if it was the government?”
“I spent twenty years working for the government.  I don’t remember anyone with the time or expertise to mess with old books.”
“Evans disagrees.”
“You know this?”  Kat was not asking a simple question.  The National Security Agency had access to a world of information, but there needed to be a reason for information to be collected.  People had rights to privacy.  If the NSA was gathering even basic information about a person, it meant someone felt an implied threat.  
“She thinks the government will start changing history to fit the needs of whatever party is running the country.  You’re a Democrat.  Add page after page of Republicans opposing civil rights.  You’re a Republican.  Show Kennedy and Johnson pursuing the Vietnam War.  Kids are downloading their textbooks on-line.  Make your edits and shape what they learn.”
“Well, whatever her fears, she seems to have moved on.  She is up here living on a lake, and building a barn.  Going to raise cows or chickens or something.  Days in a tiny local library, weekends farming.”
“If she is building a barn, it is not for cows.  It will be a book repository.”
“It’s a barn.  A friend saw the plans.  Forty by eighty.  Nobody has that many books.”
“She will.  Her response to ebooks is paper.  Keep a record that can’t be changed.  She will fill that barn with a million old books.”
“Where will she get them?”
“From libraries.  That’s why she was pushed out of her old library.  She wanted them to keep all their old books.  Libraries don’t.  They don’t have room.  So new books in, old books out.  Or old books out, just because they are old.  They smell, are dog eared, or have content that isn’t considered correct any more.  She and her friends are taking all those old books and saving them.”
“Christie.”  Kat hesitated, thinking how best to ask the question.  She decided there was no good way.  So she just asked.  “What is NSA’s interest in all this?”
“She’s just a file among a million other files.  I was able to get to it without requesting a priority search.  So, not considered a threat.  In fact a couple notes in the file indicate she might be seen as an ally.  If you think about it, we have pretty much the same problem – lots of information, all digital, all subject to change.  One of our people actually sat in on their interest group meetings.  Her report is respectful.”
“Okay.  Thanks.  By the way, I have plenty of room here if you ever want to do some fishing.”
“I’ve seen pictures.  Looks like a nice place.  But I also have maps.  Back of nowhere, Wisconsin.  When you want to get away from it all, you go all the way.  Call me if you ever get closer to civilization.”
“Will do.”
The morning was disappearing fast.  Kat needed to open Jim’s bar by three.  Time for lunch and a thorough vacuuming of the second floor rooms.  
And Jim?  They’d talk after work.  She had no idea what she would say, other than she had run out of things to say.  He wasn’t a stupid man.  He had to know things weren’t right.



Chapter 5
Shots in the Night

Kat really didn’t have the time to bartend, and the pay was silly.  But there were aspects of the job she liked.  For one thing, she discovered that even though she had lived in town almost four years, there were people she hadn’t met, and people who knew very little about her.  So she’d bring over a beer and get their brief bio (“Jake.  I’m one of the Wonter brothers.  Been working in the woods since high school.”), mostly the same questions about her (“You were a major in the Army?  You served in Iraq and Afghanistan?  You have that resort for women, right?”)  
Questions about Iraq and Afghanistan ended quickly with “Thank you for your service.”  No one seemed to want to pursue a discussion of those wars, for which Kat was grateful.  As for the lodge, there was some curiosity, and some hostility (“Why only women?”), to which her answer was – “Show me ten men willing to pay $500 for a weekend of wildlife photography or ice sculptures, and I will schedule a weekend for you.”
Mostly though, it was just guys drinking a beer after work, talking to their friends and shooting pool or watching ESPN on the tube.  Kat heard stories about this town event, or this employer, she learned some names, she heard some really bad jokes (and told a few herself), and the six hours passed quickly.
In between pouring beer and making pizzas, Kat watched the door.  Jim would be home from school around four.  He would see the key and notice her clothes were gone.  Would he drive up?  No.  No sign of the man at four, five, or six.  So, would he come in as she closed at nine?  No.  It was actually nine thirty by the time she got the last guy out the door, and she thought maybe he would walk in then – when they could be alone, but no Jim.
So she filled in the bank bag ($312 for the day), locked up, and drove home.  His F150 was in the drive, and he was sitting on her porch, swinging her glider slowly back and forth.  Big smile and a wave.
“Thanks for working again tonight.”
“Not a problem.  I even got fourteen dollars in tips.”  
She handed him the bank bag and sat next to him.  The temperature was dropping but it was still comfortable.  If you couldn’t handle a little cool, you didn’t belong in Wisconsin.  She matched his swing, both of them looking at the lake.  There was a quarter moon reflecting off the water, and the lights of the Evans cabin were visible in the distance. 
“Do you want to talk about this morning?”  He reached and took her hand.
“There was nothing special about this morning.  I’m not upset because you said this, or didn’t say that.  It just felt over.  You must feel it too.”
“I don’t want it to be over.”
“Listen to yourself when you say those words.  Do you hear any intensity?  Any passion?  Maybe it was there three years ago.  For me too.  Now, I think we are just going through the motions.”
“I think this is where I say, can we still be friends?”  Jim had turned toward Kat.  He was a good looking guy.  Six two, athlete, good hair, kind eyes.  Kat had to smile.
“I’m glad for the time we had together.  Of course we’ll be friends.  I’ll even tend bar for you for another couple weeks if you need me.  But you should start checking out the new teachers they hired this year, and I’ll, well, maybe I’ll drive to Green Bay and see if I can land a Packer coach.”
“You know where I’ll miss you.”  His smile changed.  Kat had to laugh.
“Yes, I’ll miss you there too.”
Except she only got the words “Yes, I’ll miss…” out.  They heard two blasts from across the lake.  Shotgun.  Unmistakable.  They were both off the porch in seconds.
“Start your truck.  I’ll get a rifle.”  
Kat was running toward her garage as she shouted.  Her gun safe was bolted to the back wall of the garage.  Inside were six Winchester rifles she kept for guests who came up for deer hunting.  She grabbed two and a box of ammo.  She pushed bullets into each rifle as Jim drove.
“Don’t get too close.”  Kat had Jim stop just on the edge of the Evans property.  She gave him one rifle and held the other at her side as she stepped out of the truck.
“Don’t you come onto our property.”  Kat could see the Evans women standing in their doorway.  Both were armed.  And both were backlit by lights from their kitchen.  Obviously they had no idea how easy they would be as targets.
“It’s Kat Johnson.  We heard gun shots.  Are you safe?”
“Of course we’re safe.  We scared him off.”  It sounded like the older Evans woman.  Her voice had a pitch that sounded half gleeful, and half hysterical.
“Who was here?”  Kat stepped closer, but stayed on the lake road, her rifle down at her side.
“Some man sneaking around.  He won’t do that again.”  
“You saw him?”
“We heard him.  Sneaking.”  Now she sounded more hysterical.  Kat stepped closer, right to the edge of their property.
“Mrs. Evans, there are deer out here, and raccoons.  Both are out at night.”
“It was a man.  I could tell.”
“Mrs. Evans, you can’t shoot at people who might be on your property.  There is another cabin just down the hill.  There might be someone renting it.”
“There’s no one in that cabin.”  This from the younger Evans.  She had stepped out of the house and walked a few steps toward Kat.  “I looked.  Empty.  For sale.”
“Still, unless you are in danger, you are not allowed to shoot people.  It was probably just a raccoon, but still.  You need to be careful with those shotguns.”
“We’ll be ready when they come for us.  You can tell the NSA that next time you report on us.”
“Ms. Evans.  Bethany.”  Kat paused and took another step towards her.  “I did call NSA just like you said.  And, yes, they do have a file on you.  But they don’t see you as a threat.  If anything, they respect what you are trying to do.”
“Funny how that works, Major.  You call, and tonight someone pays us a visit.”
“If you haven’t lived in the country before, you can be surprised by all the noises at night.  We saw no car driving over here.  No car.  No people.  Maybe if you put up some lights here along the road, you will be able to see animals go by.  But please, don’t just shoot at noises.”  
Kat backed away.  She and Jim were back at the lodge in minutes.  They stood together in the garage unloading both rifles.
“You called the NSA?”
“I still know one woman there.”
“New people or drunk people shooting guns into the night.  That I am used to.  People I know calling the NSA.  That’s different.”
“It’s just a government agency.”
“Jesus, Kat.  If you knew how you sounded.”
Jim handed Kat the ammo and walked back to his truck.  Once he was gone, Kat reloaded one of the rifles.  She had a picnic table near the lake shore.  She sat there with her rifle across her knees.  Had Mrs. Evans been shooting at raccoons?  Probably.  They approached cabins looking for food waste in garbage cans.  Not exactly quiet creatures, their paws were forever rustling through leaves on the ground.  Ninety five percent chance, it was just raccoons.  But Bethany Evans had made a good point.  Wasn’t it odd the same day Kat had called NSA there was something out in the woods.
Kat watched the lake road.  Her lake was small enough she could see both ends, and see the road as it curved in and out of the woods along the shore.  She sat and watched until midnight, then walked back to her lodge, her rifle still at her side.


Chapter 6
Watercolor Weekend

Fridays had their own routine.  Kat inspected every area of the lodge, did yet another round of vacuuming, then made the snack trays she would need over the next two days.  A quick run to Amberg.  Three cases of wine from Ed at the party store, and a moment with the ladies at the restaurant.  Final count for guests and any questions about the menu.  
Back to the lodge to check emails.  One more about proper dress.  One advantage of the business website was Kat could post lots of pictures.  She hoped that showed people clothing options, but still, there was always one more question.  She pointed out they would be outdoors – so cool – and painting – so messy.  Hopefully that settled the matter.
She also went back through registration forms.  Name, address, interests, food preferences or allergies.  She liked to be able to greet guests by name and ask about the drive from X.  Ten guests this weekend.  She was pretty sure she could remember ten names and home cities.
Mary Waters arrived at two.  This was the fifth time she had led the water color workshop, so she had no trouble setting up.  Most materials went into Kat’s huge garage, easels leaning against a wall, boxes of paints and papers stacked on a table.  The two of them had her SUV unloaded in twenty minutes.
The real work?  Finding locations.  Woods?  Lakeshore?  Old logging roads?  Stay near the lodge, or get in Kat’s van and drive to Dave’s falls or the old school house?  Weather appeared to be good for the weekend, so all options were open.  They spent an hour walking near the lodge.  Trees still had plenty of color.  Mostly yellow from the birches and aspen, but there was a maple near the lake for contrast.  There was also the lake and plenty of pines to expand the color palette.  Mary decided they would paint near the lodge.  Kat felt herself relax.  Feeding the guests would be far less work near the lodge.  
Guests started arriving around five.  All were present by seven.  Guests always had the same reaction to the lodge – wow.  It had been built by a well-known fishing guide who constructed the lodge like the great lodges of Canada – log walls, huge stone fireplace, two story windows overlooking the lake, a two story great room with massive bar and leather furniture, open staircase to six suites.  It was built to entertain millionaires.  Unfortunately for the fishing guide, he was less well-known than he thought, and the lake he had built on was one of the least interesting lakes in Wisconsin.  Millionaires preferred Montana.  He defaulted on the mortgage before the first year was up.  So did the next four owners.  Kat bought it at a deep discount, yet it still took every penny of her savings and the commitment of her Army retirement pay.
Roles the first evening were simple.  Kat helped get bags up to guest rooms, Mary stood in the great room, poured wine, and talked art.  Midway through the third glass of wine, Kat led everyone into the formal dining room.  Groups always had the same reaction – shock, and then laughter.  The dining room table could seat sixteen easily.  Overhead was a chandelier made of deer antlers.  On the wall behind Kat’s chair at the head of the table was a trophy musky, its mouth permanently open, a lure hanging from a lower lip.  The room gave Kat a chance to talk about the history of the lodge while dinner was served, and a chance to test the creativity of the group as she challenged them to name that musky.  It always worked as an ice breaker.
Everything else that weekend went perfectly.  Saturday Mary did a great job teaching – and complimenting.  She gauged ability levels fast and directed women to projects well within their abilities.  Women ended up in three groups – one painting lake scenes, one doing forest colors, and one doing a logging road with birches arching overhead.  It was a ten minute walk between the groups.  Mary did the rounds to help with the artistry, Kat did the rounds with lemonade and compliments.
Saturday night was a bonfire on the shore, with singing erupting after the second glass of wine.  Sunday was a second chance at water color perfection.  Kat was happy to see that every woman finished the weekend with at least two pictures that would look very good on some wall back home.
Unusual moment?  Sunday lunch was a picnic on the shore.  Most women had finished their second or third painting, and had them stored in their cars.  But one woman was still working.  She barely took time for a quick sandwich.  She had spent both days painting the lake – in oils.  Both days she had worked on the same painting, and it was very good.  But she seemed to want more detail.  She had the lake centered in the painting, its shape nearly perfect.  Along the shore, rather than hint at willows hanging over one area of shallows, she had a detailed depiction of all trunks, and the endless hanging branches.  That level of detail extended completely along the shoreline, reaching all the way to the far end and to the two cabins just barely visible through the trees.  It was not a big lake, still it had to be five hundred yards to the far end.  Kat wasn’t sure she could see more than a smudge of brown where each of the cabins stood, but this lady had details showing the trees around each and their relative distance from each other and from the lakeshore.  It was impressive.  And it was curious.
The woman seemed friendly enough.  She had great things to say about the lake, and the lodge, and about the weekend when Kat wandered over to watch her paint.  Always a smile.  But always working.  Concentration.  Effort.  Eyes bobbing from the paper to the lake and back again.  It got results.  Kat had never seen work of such quality.
The woman wasn’t the last guest to leave, but it was close.  Only a couple other women were left when she finally carried her painting to her car and the easel to Kat’s garage.  Big smile, warm hugs, and she was gone.
Kat and Mary had a long conversation about her after she left.
“I am certain that woman is a professional.  It wouldn’t surprise me if she has her own gallery.”
“She was pretty good.”  Kat wasn’t sure what else to say.  Mary was the expert, not her.
“She brought her own paper, brushes, and paints.  And did you see the detail?  You can achieve that in oil far easier than with water colors.  With water colors usually you are just going for an impression of shape or color.  A much better medium for interested amateurs.  You can fill the page with much less effort.  Her work?  Exceptional.  It wouldn’t surprise me at all if she has pieces in major museums.”
“So why was she here?”
“Not to learn from me.  I will never have her skill.  She must have liked the idea of being out with other artists for a few days.”
“I don’t mean to insult you.”  Kat paused.  She and Mary were in the garage folding up the easels before putting them in Mary’s car.  Kat held an easel and looked directly at Mary.  “You did a great job this weekend.  Every comment I heard described your talent for teaching.  But.  I was looking at that woman’s picture of the lake, and it occurred to me she could have gotten pretty much the same thing if she had just taken a picture with her phone.”
“No insult.  I understand.  People have been asking that very question since the invention of the camera.  Why even attempt representational art?  Just take a picture.  Except.  A very fine artist – someone with that woman’s ability – can show more than what a camera can see.  She leaves in or takes out shadows.  She shows how it might look with the sun at a different angle.  What the water looks like with or without the wind.  She can fool with depth of field, keeping even the farthest point as clear as the closest.  She can emphasize or deemphasize.  And she gets to decide what color composition to use.  She left here with a picture of this lake you and I will never see, and no camera could duplicate.”
“Thanks. I was curious.  Come inside, and I will write you your check.  You gave me ten happy guests.”
Every weekend filled Kat’s refrigerator with leftovers.  Once Mary left, Kat spent about an hour collecting coffee cups and wine glasses, and wiping up spills.  Then it was out to a picnic table by the shore with a partial bottle of wine and a plate of microwaved this and that.
Things had gone well.  Yelp reviews would be good.  Her PayPal balance would easily make the next mortgage payment.  Every weekend supported the basic concept of her business model – women liked to gather and spend time outdoors.  She had every right to be proud and happy.
And she was.  But as she looked across the lake, she had to wonder if something uncomfortable had entered her perfect world.  Her very boring, very empty lake had another soul taking at least partial possession.  And it sure felt like that new soul was drawing other souls to her.  Souls that walked in the night, and souls that did amazing things with paints.  Good souls?  Or dangerous?
As the sun set, Kat decided she would not spend another evening with a rifle across her knees, but she did keep it in her bedroom, and for the first time in four years, she locked her doors.



Chapter 7
Construction Begins

Laundry can be relaxing.  You put in a load, and then sit over a cup of coffee while machines work.  Or it can be stressful.  You put in a load, then go off to some other chore, all the time listening for the machine to order you back to take one load out and put another in.  Kat decided she had the time to be relaxed.  Lazy even.  
It was a beautiful September morning.  Temps headed up into the sixties.  A light breeze – just enough to get the trees moving and remind you their leaves were bright and beautiful.  Kat had plans.
She got all the second floor beds stripped before breakfast and got the first load started.  The lodge laundry was a small room off the kitchen.  Great move.  She could monitor the washer and dryer while making a meal.  That Monday morning she made her oatmeal, had two cups of coffee, and sorted through the weekend’s leftovers while the first load of wash cycled through.  She got a mound of sheets from the washer to the dryer, and got a second load of sheets into the washer.  Forty five minutes before her presence would be required again.  Time to throw on a light coat and get out into the sun.
Destination?  The far end of the lake.  She was tempted to put on her jump boots and double time up the road.  But no.  Not one of those mornings.  A better morning to walk with some pace, but still keep her head up, feel the wind, watch the trees move, and check for geese using the lake as they migrated.  Also, time to watch the excavation ongoing at the Evans’ cabin.
She could hear it before she could see it very well.  Dale Zimpher was pushing his bulldozer around the hilltop.  She could hear that plainly enough.  She thought she heard a second machine too.  Loud, but intermittent.  Halfway around the lake she could see glimpses of yellow through the trees.  Caterpillar.  Serious excavation equipment.  As she got closer she saw a pair of dump trucks parked on the road, both pulling equipment trailers.  Serious excavation.
Kat had to stop and watch.  She stayed on the road, standing between the two trucks.  Out of the way, and off the Evans’ property.  The two Cats were doing a bit of a dance.  A large backhoe was digging a trench inside marked stakes.  As he swung a load of dirt up out of the trench and dropped it to one side, the dozer ground forward and spread it across the top of the hill, the two working in pretty close symmetry.  Not the first time these two had done a foundation.
Maybe it was time for a break, or maybe Zimpher just wanted to talk.  He backed his bulldozer out of the way, and jumped down to join Kat.  
“Told you it was a big project.”  Zimpher was late fifties and carried a good sized stomach over his belt.  A large man.  Kat guessed he had worked construction all his life, his Caterpillar dozer being his crowning achievement for a long career in an industry where most careers are short.
“Why the trench?”
“Footings.”  He smiled when he said it.  He was desperate to say more.  Kat helped.
“Is that usual for a barn?”
“Completely unnecessary.  They are getting one of those metal pole barn companies up here next week.  They’ll set the poles deep enough.  Concrete footings are completely unnecessary.  They could just put down a layer of gravel inside the barn, or maybe a layer of concrete four to six inches over the gravel.”
“How deep are they going?”
“Four feet.  Down below the frost line, just like they would for a house.  But this isn’t a house.  At least not on the building permit.”  Another smile.  Clearly Zimpher assumed there was some sort of tax dodge being attempted.
“I think it’s going to be a barn for books.”
“Yes, I heard the lady was a collector.  But still.  Frost heaves might move the concrete up or down a couple inches over the winter.  So what?  No water lines to break or plaster to crack.  Let the concrete float.  If it is just a barn – for books.”  Another smile.
“I guess we’ll see.”  Kat smiled too, and continued her walk.
The older Mrs. Evans was standing on the porch of her cabin.  Small place.  Just a tiny place for men to sleep when they came up fishing or hunting, like most of the cabins in the area.  If you had money to show off, you spent it elsewhere.  Two women in an old cabin.  It would make for a long winter.  
Kat waved as she walked by.  The woman just stared at her.  There were people like that along some of the back roads.  Mostly men, but a few women.  Whatever social skills or social graces they had were left behind in Waukesha or Kenosha.  Now they would go weeks without talking.  No cable TV, often no cell phone coverage.  They didn’t seem to mind.  Kat wasn’t quite ready to give up on the woman.  She smiled.  The woman didn’t.  
Kat finished her circuit of the lake.  Back to her laundry.



Chapter 8
Any Chance for Jim?

Sheets and pillow cases done, Kat remade all the second floor beds and got a good start on an enormous pile of towels.  A productive afternoon.  Bright sunny day, a long walk enjoyed, work completed, Kat had every reason to feel pretty good.  
Except for the clock.  Every guest room had a clock.  Her kitchen had a clock.  The great room had a clock over the bar (complete with a large sign that said “It’s five o’clock somewhere” – a legacy of the original owner).  Her bedroom had a clock.  All the clocks showed it was getting closer and closer to three thirty.  Jim’s duties at school ended at three thirty.  The last school bus out onto highway 141, the last teachers’ meetings, the last minute his contract required him to be on campus.  
He was free.  His cousin would be covering the bar for the next two nights.  So Jim was free to head home, do his grading, write up his lesson plans, or spent time with his boys.  Or.  He could drive up to Amberg.  And he could say something, anything, to Kat.  He’d had a weekend to think about her, and him.  Any insights?  Any second thoughts about how they had left things?  She had ended things.  Did he just accept that?
Kat stood in her bedroom at three.  She stared at the clock.  She was still staring at three ten, but by then she was also looking in her dresser mirror.  Her hair needed combing.  Actually, she was due for a trip to the salon in Wausaukee, but for the moment, a thorough combing would do some good.  So she combed.  And wondered if he would drive up.  And if he did, did she want that?  She was the one who had ended things.  The passion was gone.  Both had been going through the motions.  In her heart she knew giving back his engagement ring had been the real end of their relationship.  Everything since then had just been the slow dying of any flames.
Her polo shirt was rumpled and wet from seven or eight loads of laundry.  She took that off.  Rather than pull out a clean shirt, she also pulled off her jeans and stepped into a sundress.  Why not?  It was a sunny day.  A good day for a sun dress.
Three thirty.  Why not enjoy some of the sun?  She strapped on a pair of white sandals and stepped out onto her porch.  The glider seemed to call to her.  She sat, pushed back, and slowly swung.  She had a good view of the lake.  And a clear view of the lake road.  And if she saw a black F150 come around the curve?  She wasn’t sure.  Maybe.  Maybe he would say or do something special.  Maybe she would look at him and feel something special.  Maybe.
She didn’t wear a watch, but she didn’t need a watch to see the shadows lengthen across her lawn and across the lake.  Obviously he hadn’t raced up to her the minute the school day had ended.  Nor had he texted, phoned, or emailed.  Maybe he was fishing with his boys.  Maybe he was helping them with their homework.  Maybe he had an exam to write or to grade.  Maybe.  Was he coming to see her?  No.
There was always left over wine.  She insisted on bottles with screw off tops.  There were three partial bottles of white in the wine cooler under the bar.  She was tempted to take the one that was nearly full, but that seemed too pathetic.  She pulled out the bottle that was half-full.  
Dinner leftovers consisted of a pretty good chicken oscar and a large salad with wilted lettuce.  She ate all that on a picnic table along the shore.  She also finished off the partial bottle of wine.  Her thoughts were practical.  Jim wasn’t coming to her.  Was she required to work at his bar?  He hadn’t said anything.  They were no longer lovers.  Was she still an employee?
It was dark as she finished off the last of the wine.  Full moon.  The lake looked pretty good.  The birches along the shore showed some white, the water rippled under the moon’s reflection.  It got chilly, but she stayed out.  This was her lake, her lodge, her forest.  She had every right to be proud of how well she had done buying the lodge and developing her business.  She raised up her head and pushed back her shoulders.  Pride.  She had every right to be proud.  She also knew to enjoy the night air, since cool breezes now would be replaced by cold winds soon enough.  So she looked across the lake.  It was a good night.  A good place to be.  Her place.
And Jim?  The bastard hadn’t come and hadn’t called.  It really was over.  She thought she wanted it over.  She told him she wanted it over.  And, well, now it was over.  Next step?  Enough bartending.  She would give him her two weeks’ notice.
No need.  She drove to the bar Wednesday afternoon, rehearsing her speech.  Jim, I’ve gotten busy, or Jim, I need to spend more time at the lodge, or… something.  But she never made her speech.  She opened just before three, and was still doing some sweeping and cleaning.  Two old ladies were at the card table playing cribbage and drinking the one glass of wine they would have before leaving at five.  One retired guy sat at the bar drinking Budweiser and staring at the TV.  ESPN.  Highlights of last weekend’s football games, and predictions for the next games.  He and Kat exchanged a few words about the Packers as she finished sweeping the floor.  Both agreed they would beat the Bears.
Jim arrived just before four.  With Meghan.  Mid-twenties.  Nothing special to look at.  Dressed in TJ Maxx.  Big smile.  Eyes that never left Jim.  And, his eyes never left her.  And he had that godawful look on his face.  You would have thought he was fourteen, holding a girl’s hand for the first time.  But he wasn’t fourteen.  Jim was forty three.  And he was smiling.  The dumb shit.  Kat had just put away her broom.  Good thing.  She would have beat him to death with it.
“Kat, I want you to meet Meghan.  I have hired her to be my fulltime bartender.”
“Oh, and when does she start?”
“Tonight.”  Jim was no longer smiling.  Smart enough to teach high school, he was smart enough to see Kat’s face and read her mind.  “I was hoping you and I could give her a full orientation, and she could begin working on her own tomorrow.”
“You owe me nine dollars for the hour I worked today.”  Kat took the building key off her key chain and slapped it on the bar.  It shook the beer the retiree was drinking.  He did a great job of seeing nothing other than ESPN, although, his hand went to his beer to hold it in case another jolt was coming.
“If you wish.”  Jim walked past Kat to the cash register and pulled out nine dollars.  He reached the bills out to Kat.  She made him wait before she took them.  Kat was doing her controlled breathing.  Count two beats in through the nose, count three beats out through the mouth.  Funny, she didn’t feel like punching him.  It was more her staring at him and watching him shrink before her eyes.  Three years she had shared a bed with the guy.  She had even been engaged to him.  Why?  She studied his face, then finally took the bills from his hand.
She turned and gave the money to Meghan.  “Your first tip.”
Kat used controlled breathing all the way back to her lodge.  It was over.



Chapter 9
A New Friend

Bethany Evans was sitting on Kat’s glider.  She had a slow rock going.  She looked as Kat pulled into the drive, watched her park in the garage, watched her walk up to the lodge.  Then, as Kat stepped up onto her porch, Evans turned toward the lake and spoke to it.
“They can always find someone younger.  Darwin was an asshole, but he was right.  It’s primal.”
Kat dropped into the seat next to her and joined in the rocking.  She had nothing to say.  They rocked and watched the lake.  The sun was settling towards the top of the trees, and it reflected on the blue ripples of the water. 
“How did you know?”
“They were in the library this morning.  Her, her mother, and her two daughters – three and four.  Mom will be minding the kids evenings while Meghan tends bar.  They wanted books mom could read to the girls before bed.  Apparently something new for them.”
“She can’t be more than twenty five or twenty six.”
“Old enough to have two kids, young enough to have two or three more if he is so inclined.”
“She said that?”
“She was exhaling estrogen.  Could barely stand still.  She gets a job that pays over minimum wage, and she gets a boss who is single and rich.  A least rich by local standards.”
“He’s old enough to be her father.”
“You have been up here long enough to know how small the man pool is.  Meghan won’t be the only one looking to take your place.”
They kept rocking.  The glider made a small squeal with each motion backwards.  Kat remembered she had intended to hit the pins with some WD-40.  Maybe tomorrow.  Final thoughts about the bar?  None.  Kat stared at the lake.  Time passed.
Bethany took her hand.  Just held it.  They continued to rock.  The seat continued to squeal.  Bethany’s hand was cool.  But comfortable.  The temperature was dropping as the sun set.  Having a hand on hers felt good.
Kat turned to look at Bethany for the first time.  She saw just the hint of a smile.  Bethany’s hair was down, out of her ponytail.  Gray streaks now down over her shoulders.  She was still wearing her work clothes – a white blouse buttoned up the front, with a narrow black skirt.  Standard office wear from decades past.  Somehow it looked appropriate on Bethany.
Kat reached over to touch Bethany’s face.  And she left her hand there.  
“Well?”  Bethany looked back at her, still the slight smile.  Maybe pleasant.  Maybe a challenge.
“It’s getting cool.  Should we go inside?”  It seemed like a reasonable question to Kat.  
“I haven’t decided yet.”  Same smile.  
“When do you plan to decide?”  Kat took her hand from Bethany’s face, only to see her smile grow wider.
“I’m waiting for you to try a little harder.”
“Why should I try at all?”  Kat found herself backing away from Bethany.
“You just got dumped by your man of three years.  You are angry.  And you are alone.  Here I am, someone who interests you.”
“I’m losing interest fast.”
“But you still want me to come inside with you.”  Bethany tilted her head, her eyes riveted on Kat’s.
“If you wish.”
Kat stood without waiting for a response.  Bethany stood as well.  Tall.  Within an inch of Kat, but much thinner.  When she stood, she almost collided with Kat, their chests touching, their faces close.  Neither moved.  Each studied the other.  But they were standing close, their bodies touching.  At some point nature did what nature does.  Kat took her hand, and led the way inside.
Kat never hesitated.  Once inside, Kat led her down the hallway to her bedroom.  At the edge of her bed, Kat stopped.  The two of them face to face.  Silent.  Again.  Nothing happened.  Two women standing in the dark.  Then Kat slid her arms around Bethany, pulling her against herself.  Bethany brought her hands up, snaked her fingers into Kat’s hair, and held her head.
“It’s taking you forever to kiss me.”
“I could say the same thing.”  Kat leaned forward and kissed Bethany, tightening her hold on her as she did.
“I like what you are doing with your hands, and you kiss pretty well.  But I am not sure I want to be your consolation prize.”
“I’m not sure I like being judged.”  But neither woman moved.  Bethany held Kat’s head, and Kat slid her hands across Bethany’s back, pulling their bodies tighter.
“Do you plan to use your bed, or are we here to admire the curtains?”
Kat slid her hand down under Bethany’s ass and lifted her up onto the bed, lying on top of her as they settled across the duvet.  Bethany grabbed Kat’s shoulder and spun both of them so that she was now on top.  She tightened the fingers in Kat’s hair.
“Hold still.”  Bethany raised her face just above Kat’s.  “This is the position we will use.”  Kat moved both her hands down to Bethany’s hips, positioning them to flip Bethany back under her, but Bethany grabbed one of her hands.  She also got her knees between Kat’s, and pushed her legs wide.  
“Don’t try to push me off you.  This will be our favorite position.  Take your hands off my hips, and pull my skirt up.  I want to feel your hands on my thighs.”
“You are pulling my hair.”
“No, I’m just holding it.  One of us needs to be in control.  I have decided it will be me.”  Bethany tightened her grip on Kat’s hair slightly, and lowered her mouth to kiss her.  “I will be far better for you than Jim.  Now put your hands where I told you, and show me what you can do.”
Kat pulled up Bethany’s black skirt, and slid her hands across the top of her thighs.
“Yes.  Now show me more.”  As she talked, Bethany put a hand on Kat’s chest and ripped her shirt open.  Her hand went inside Kat’s shirt and pushed her bra up past her breast.  Her hand went to one breast, then the other, as her mouth stayed on Kat’s.
They kissed, and wrestled, and undressed each other.  No more words were spoken until morning.



Chapter 10
Orwell

“Show me what you can do in the shower.”  Bethany still had her fingers in Kat’s hair.  They had wrestled, fondled, and slept.  Bethany had stayed on top of Kat.  She didn’t seem to weigh much.  She was a bit bony, but she was warm.  Kat moved her from one position to another to get her hips and ribs to places where they didn’t dig into Kat.  Once they had found the most comfortable spot, Bethany was pretty good about not moving.
But the sun was up, and Bethany slid off Kat and rolled out of bed.  Kat followed.  
“Do I pass inspection?”  They were in the shower.  Kat had been staring.  Bethany did look different with her wet hair matted against her head.  And she had small breasts.  But she looked lean and fit.  And her skin was soft.  Kat found herself sliding her hand up Bethany’s side and across her back.
“You look very good.  And me?”
“Want to tell me about these scars?”  She pointed to two lines along Kat’s ribs.
“No.”
“You are bigger than me.  Stronger.  But I like strong women.  And you have a good face.  I plan to kiss it every chance I get.”  She pushed Kat against the shower wall and kissed her while wrapping her arms tight around Kat’s neck.  There was strength in those arms.  More strength than expected in a librarian.  They went through a lot of hot water as they washed, kissed, and wrestled.
Bethany wanted them to wear night gowns when they got out and dried.
“It’s morning.”  Kat complained.
“Don’t be boring.  Show me what you have.”
Kat pulled out one of her dresser drawers.  Half a dozen gowns lay folded inside.
“Which one were you saving for a wild night with Jim?”
Kat pulled out a long, black, satin gown and handed it to Bethany.
“Put it on me.”  She raised her hands while Kat pulled it over her head and arms.  It dropped almost to the floor.  Tight around the hips.  Very low on the chest.  Somehow it made Bethany’s small breasts look bigger.
Bethany dug through the folded gowns and pulled out a red satin gown.  Short.  It barely made Kat’s thighs.  She slid it over Kat’s head.
“You have the legs for this.”  She smiled and then pushed Kat towards the door.  “Now let’s make breakfast.”   She pushed Kat one more time, then took her hand and pulled her across the great room.  “Where?”
Kat led the way across the room, back to the kitchen.  Kat did the cooking – oatmeal and coffee.  Bethany wandered the kitchen, staring in every cupboard, the pantry, and the refrigerator.  She found bowls for the oatmeal and cups for the coffee.  Spoons took a few more tries, but she found them too.  Kat watched her move about.  Both of them barefoot.  Both of them cool.  
Kat put oatmeal and milk in the bowls, and moved them toward the table, but Bethany stopped her.
“Outside.  On the glider.  It’s a new day.  Sunshine.  Birds.  Views of the lake.”  As she talked, Bethany picked up her bowl and cup and left the kitchen.  Kat followed.  As Bethany stepped out onto the front porch, Kat set down her bowl and grabbed a blanket from the hall closet.
It was cold.  Probably in the fifties.  And the porch was wet with dew.  Kat wrapped the blanket around the two of them as they sat in the glider, both of them pulling their feet up under them to get some warmth.  But Bethany was right about the day.  The sun had quickly risen in the sky.  A few clouds to the west suggested possible rain later, but for now, it was a bright fall morning.  
They set their coffee to one side and ate their oatmeal huddled together under the blanket.  Their thighs, hips, and shoulders touched.  Kat arranged the blanket several times, always pulling them tighter together.
“At some point you need to tell me why you are here.”  Their heads were so close they almost bumped as they bent down for another spoonful of cereal.
“Why I am in Amberg, or why I am in your bed?”
“I know you are in Amberg to build a book repository.  I don’t know why.  Something to do with Orwell.”
“It will probably take me several tries to explain all of it, but the essence is this – digital information – anything stored in a computer – can be erased or changed.  Or just lost.  Think of all you have on floppy disks from a decade ago.  Who even has a disk drive anymore?  The technology changes, and stored data become irretrievable.”
“Got it.  Anybody our age spent money on VHS tapes.  Now everything is DVD.  Lots of money wasted.  Fine.  What has that got to do with Orwell?”  Kat finished her oatmeal and cupped her coffee in both hands.  Even with Bethany tight against her, her face and hands were cold.
“What isn’t lost can be deleted or changed.  For an extreme example, what if every copy of the Constitution had new wording to the First Amendment?”
“We have the original.  Same paper as 1789.  Hung for all to see.”
“But it’s in Washington.  You won’t go there to read it.  You would just download it off the Internet.  A digital version.  A version you assume is correct and complete.”
“Okay.  So here comes Orwell, right?  1984.  Powerful government changes history to align with its change in policies.  That country has never been an enemy.  It has always been our friend.  Look it up.  And everywhere you look, you see the new government ‘truth.’  It took work for the government to make the changes in Orwell’s vision of the world, but with all information stored digitally, it just takes a few keystrokes and all records in the world are adjusted to fit the new truth.  Do I get the basic idea?”
“Yes, Major.  That’s it.  So, what medium do we need to maintain if we want to retain information unchanged?”
“Paper.”
“Books, millions of which are being discarded by libraries every day.”
“Bethany, you are building a big barn, but it’s not big enough for millions of books.”
“No, it’s not.  But I’m not the only one doing this, and we are trying to be selective in what we retain.”
“Okay.  So now I know why you are in Amberg.  As for why you are in my bed, I knew the answer to that when you brought us out here.”  Kat waited for Bethany to object or try to explain.  She was pleased no effort was made.  “We are out here wearing next to nothing, two women who have obviously slept together.  Complete with very attractive night gowns.  Now, out where you assume NSA cameras are waiting.  You want it known you have a girlfriend.  A girlfriend the NSA might hesitate to harm.”
“Before you get too upset, remember who led whom into the house last night.”
“I understand that.  What I don’t understand is whether the show is over.  Will you be back?”  Kat adjusted the blanket around their shoulders and waited.
“My turn to entertain.  Tonight at six.  Bring a bottle of wine.  I have some things to show you.”  Bethany slid her fingers back into Kat’s hair, held her head and kissed her.  “You have a new lover, Major.  And I assure you, this will have a much happier ending.”
Kat took the breakfast dishes into the kitchen while Bethany dressed.  Back into her librarian uniform.  By the time Kat had the dishes rinsed, Bethany was at the front door.  Waiting.  At least she wasn’t going to rush off.  Kat stood close.  Bethany stood closer, her arms around Kat’s waist, holding their hips tight together.
“Major, I enjoyed our night together.”  She had that smile again, part pleasure, part challenge.
“The name is Kat.  Do I use Beth for you?”
“Bethany.  I have too many rough edges to be a Beth.”  Bethany was sliding her hands down Kat’s nightgown as she held her.  “I like you in this.”  She leaned down and kissed the top of Kat’s shoulder.
“Something to think about while you are checking out books today.”  Kat put a hand at the back of Bethany’s head, held her, and kissed her.  When she was done, she stood motionless, staring at Bethany and waiting.
“Yes.  I definitely will.”  Bethany stood for a moment longer, then turned and walked out to her car.  Kat came out onto the porch.  The boards were still wet and cold, but she wanted to be seen.  She didn’t wave, or even smile.  She stood tall, and watched Bethany drive off.  A ten year old, gray Volvo.  Kat had to smile.  The car was such a cliché.



Chapter 11
Encyclopedias

Kitchen cleaning.  It was Thursday.  Kitchen day.  Floors, countertops, the massive table.  Lunch was leftovers from the cheese plates, and leftovers from a really nice apple pie.  
The real work came in the afternoon.  Kat would be doing a fly fishing weekend.  Never one of the most popular workshops.  Only six were registered.  Anything involving the arts gained more guests.  But Kat was determined hunting and fishing would stay on the schedule.  She kept hoping fly fishing would involve enough artistry to become a major event for her, but that hadn’t happened yet.
And it was one of the most difficult workshops for her.  Casting a fly correctly was real work.  It was hard to do correctly.  It was hard to do at all.  She always spent a couple afternoons standing knee deep in her lake practicing casts before the workshop.  Cold water, sore shoulder, forearm muscles burning.  No surprise it drew so few.  But she was determined.
That afternoon she went at it for two hours.  Back to the five o’clock position, forward to eleven o’clock – just left of straight.  Back, forward, back, forward, rocking, carefully laying the white line on the water.  Two hours.  She caught a bluegill – which she released.  Then back inside to practice tying flies.  It was part of the workshop.  And it produced flies the women could take home and show off.  But the knots took real patience.  Even women who had substantial experience crocheting, often struggled with the tiny loops and knots.  Kat made two flies and decided she had enough for the day.
For the evening?  How dressy did she get for what was essentially a first date?  She decided to keep it simple.  A sundress and a sweater.  She was dressed and ready an hour early.  The glider rocked under her as she looked across the lake and waited for time to pass.  Thoughts?  She decided hormones aside, Bethany was an interesting woman.  No question, more than a few rough edges, but she was a bright lady with a mission.  Did the mission make any sense?  Kat would withhold judgement for the moment.  At least there was more to her world than Packer games and reality TV shows.
Expectations?  Strained conversation with the aging, trigger happy mother.  Maybe a decent meal.  Probably a lecture on Orwell.  Twenty years in the Army had given her plenty of strained conversations and indifferent meals.  She would risk another.
Quarter to six she pulled on a pair of tennis shoes and hit the lake road, bottle of wine in hand.  The final week in September is Chamber of Commerce weather in Wisconsin.  June’s hordes of mosquitoes are gone, and the four o’clock sunsets of December seem an illusion.  Daylight saving time keeps a sun in the sky until seven.  The air is cool and dry.  Breezes rippled the lake and moved Kat’s hair, but didn’t chill her.  A great evening for a walk.
She slowed her gait and arrived at the cabin just past six.  The hilltop to the left of the cabin was a dirty mess, and tracks from heavy equipment dug up the earth as they retreated to the road and waiting trailers.  All equipment was gone at the moment, no doubt awaiting the next contractor in the sequence.  Probably cement.  But Kat ignored the construction.  She walked the path from the road to the cabin.
Bethany’s Volvo was parked next to the cabin, but it was her mother who was waiting at the door, a look of disapproval etched into her face.  She stood on her side of the screen door and said nothing.  Kat felt like she might when going through airport security.  She had to meet the old lady’s eyes and prove her innocence.  
“Hi.”  Kat stood on her side of the door, hoping her greeting would be matched.  It wasn’t.  She waited, then tried again.  “I’m Kat.”
“I remember.  The NSA major.”  No movement.  Same face, same position, same closed screen door.
“Bethany invited me to dinner.”  Kat even moved the wine bottle in her hand, a kind of proof of an invitation.
“I know.”
“Mom, will you just let her in?”  Bethany appeared wearing an apron over her librarian clothes.  She didn’t quite elbow her mother out of the way, but in the process of reaching for the door, her shoulder sort of squeezed her mother to one side.  “Come in, Kat.”  She held the door open, and gave Kat a quick hug once she was inside.  Then she was off to the stove, leaving Kat to face her mother.  Kat smiled, and turned away to look the place over.
The cabin was pretty much what Kat had expected.  Tiny and dark.  Built weekends by a couple guys who worked a factory in Green Bay, back when factory hands could afford at least the semblance of a vacation home.  She guessed the cabin was about twenty by twenty four.  The left half was a large room and included the kitchen and a cast iron fireplace heater.  To the right were the two bedrooms and a miniscule bathroom.  She guessed the bathroom had been carved out of one of the bedrooms years after the initial construction when the men could afford a well and septic system.  Neither were cheap.
The doors to the bedrooms were open.  One contained two small beds, barely a foot of room between them.  The other was a mass of boxes and books.  Obviously the collection.  Piles reached up to the ceiling in one corner, and were at least four feet high everywhere else.  Two boxes and a set of books were just outside the door.  World Book Encyclopedias.  Kat remembered them from grade school.  Need to do a report?  Copy it word for word from the encyclopedia.  Now of course, kids copied Wikipedia.  But kids had always been kids.
“There’s glasses in the cupboard, and a cork screw in that drawer.”  Bethany pointed to her left.  The kitchen consisted of two cupboards screwed to the wall over two floor cupboards supporting a wooden counter top.  To their left was a small refrigerator.  To their right was a sink, then the stove.  Two shelves were mounted over the stove.  Layers of grease were visible under those shelves. 
Kat pulled down three drinking glasses.  No need for a corkscrew.  She only bought screwtops.  She poured the glasses half full, and placed one on a corner of the stove next to Bethany.  She wasn’t sure what to do with the other.  Mrs. Evans hadn’t left the door.  She was staring at Kat like an alien had gotten into her cabin.  Kat put her wine on the tiny table centered in the room.  Kat was quickly through her own glass.
“Anything interesting at the library today?”  Kat was looking for a way to position herself so she could face Bethany, but not still see her mother out of the corner of her eye.  Problem with a tiny room.  There was no escape from that narrow face and disapproving stare.
“A little pressure from a board member.  They want more technology in the library.  A more active internet presence.  Even homework help.  Basically they want megabit performance on a kilobit dialup service.  I gave her the technical specs I worked up, and a bid from the local robbers who provide service up here.  She said she’d take it to the board.”
“At least the library is close to the highway.  You should be able to get an upgrade reasonably easy.  This lake is six miles west of 141.  The original owner had a repeater placed between the highway and the lodge.  I am still paying a monthly premium for that.”
“What kind of service do you get?”
“They promise twenty megs.  Usually I get ten.  If the business tycoons the place was built for had ever come here, they would have been mightily disappointed in their access speeds.”
Kat saw Mrs. Evans pick up the shotgun that leaned against the wall by the door.  Kat immediately looked for something to hide behind.  But the woman pushed open the front door.
“Mom, where are you going?”
“You two talk.  I guard.”  She had a huge pump action shotgun.  It looked like she could barely lift it, much less pump a round into the chamber and fire it.  But she held it tight against her chest and stepped down off the front porch.
“Is she safe with that?”
“She says she fired a rifle twice when in the Girl Scouts.  That was just sixty or so years ago.  What’s to forget?”  Bethany turned from the spaghetti sauce she was simmering and sipped some of Kat’s wine.  “It’s a twenty gauge, so it hasn’t broken her shoulder when she fires it, and they sold her a box of birdshot, so if she does shoot anyone, there shouldn’t be a funeral.”
“She can still kill at close range.”  Kat walked to the door and looked for Mrs. Evans.  She was gone into the deepening shadows.  “Does she really think there is someone out there?”
“She turns eighty next month.  She won’t admit to being deaf, but I know she only hears about half of what I say.  So, is she hearing strangers stalking our cabin?  I doubt it.  But this way she gets some exercise, and frankly the cabin is so damn small, I like it when she is outside.”
“Why did you buy it?”  Kat moved behind Bethany and put her hands on her waist.  Bethany kept stirring the sauce and checking the pasta, but she did push her ass slightly back into Kat.
“Fire break.”
“What?”
“For the book repository.  We have the road on one side, and the lake on the other.  We clear the trees around the building, and we should be relatively safe from fire.”
“People leave trees alone up here.  They want it more natural.  Especially along a lake.”
“Are my neighbors complaining?”
“Tell me the building won’t be blaze orange.”
“Forest green.”
“A few bushes around it would also be nice.”
“Okay, but not within ten feet.”
“Fine.”  Kat leaned into Bethany.  She waited, then kissed the back of her neck.
“That tickles, but I like it.   Now grab some plates and set the table for me.  Time to eat.”
Dinner was complicated, starting with the table.  It was a circle, maybe three feet in diameter.  Not much room for three plates plus glasses and silverware.  Then there was the chair problem – they didn’t really have a dining room set.  Bethany pulled over the rocking chair her mother apparently used.  Then there was one wooden chair that appeared to be Bethany’s.  To seat Kat, Bethany went out on the porch and pulled in a canvas chair you might take on a picnic.  So, tiny table and odd chairs.
Also, no mother.  Bethany did the usual – stood at the front door and called to her mother.  No response.  She then opened the screen door and took a step outside.  And then the shotgun went off.  Both Kat and Bethany went running in the direction of the blast.  They found Mrs.  Evans pointing the gun at a bush.
“He’s in there.”
Bethany took the shotgun while Kat walked around the bush.  Nothing.  The sun was setting, but there was still enough light she could be certain there was no one in the bush, no one behind the bush, no one lying dead under the bush.  No person, no blood, a few leaves, and a branch lying in the dirt.  Kat just looked at Bethany and shook her head.
“Well Mom, it looks like you scared him off.  Let’s go eat.”
Kay stayed where she was until she was certain Bethany would keep the shotgun, then she followed the two women back into the tiny cabin, now even tinier as the three of them tried to sit around the table.
Conversation over the spaghetti?  Kat wanted to know about the encyclopedias stacked in the  bedroom.
“We collect all we can.  I have seven sets of World Books from 1947 to 1973, and nine sets of Britannica from 1938 to 1978.  We find them all over the place.  World Book was most common, but there were more Britannicas than you might think, given their cost.  There were even several competing encyclopedias that you bought one volume at a time at the local grocery store.  Knowledge by the week.  Fifties and Sixties.  Vets came back from the war anxious to make up for the schooling they missed.  And anxious that their kids got smart and went to college.  They had their sets out in the living room for all to see.  Back before people started bragging about how dumb they were.”
“They’re for your repository?”
“Absolutely.  They’re like witnesses to a slice of time.  If I can find fifty more, I’ll store fifty more.  But if you want real gold, you look for their annual supplements.  Once they sold you the set, they wanted future income.  So they made annual additions.  I like Colliers the best.  I have every year 1937 to 1963.  Want to know how the world looked in 1947?  Get Colliers.  How is Germany doing before anything we now call the “Cold War?”  Upset with the Russians?  Sure, but read what the French were up to.  It’s history before history is all cleaned up and ‘explained’ to us.”
“So mostly you will be storing encyclopedias and their annual supplements?”
“I see them as the cornerstone of my collection.  But we will also take everything you would normally find in the reference section of your library, you know, the stuff you went to look up before you could just type your question into Google.”
“Anything else?”
“Yes.  We have developed a list of the one hundred most influential novels.”
“Novels?”
“Sure.  They set attitudes and values.  What happens if you go into an anti-war novel, and change some of the character description?  Make him old, or a drinker, or a womanizer.  An admirable character now seems somewhat less admirable or reliable.  Now he still says how much he hates war, but now you are less willing to follow his reasoning.  Five words here, ten words there, who would notice?”
Apparently dinner was over at this point.  Mrs. Evans took her plate to the sink (two steps away), picked up the shotgun by the door, and went out into the night.
“It can’t be safe having her wandering around in the dark with a gun.”
“She’ll be fine.”  The nice thing about a tiny room is everything is within reach.  Bethany stretched behind her and grabbed Kat’s wine bottle.  She split the remainder between herself and Kat.
“How can you live like this?”  Kat waved around the room.
“Once the repository is built, we will have the second bedroom free.  That should help.  And maybe next summer we’ll put an addition on the place.”  Kat tried to interpret what she saw on Bethany’s face.  Was she really so casual about her situation?  There was a smile and a shrug of her shoulders.
“Why not just build living quarters into the repository?”
“Fire.  And climate control.  We will keep the books at a temperature and humidity level we would not like.  Good for books, not good for people.”
“Okay.  Now let me really test our friendship.  Aren’t you worried about your mother?” Nice thing about a tiny table.  Kat was practically seated on top of Bethany.  Even in the indifferent lighting of the cabin, she could see every movement in Bethany’s face.  She saw the smile shift slightly, but it was still a smile.
“She’ll be fine.  How many old ladies get to play with a shotgun?  If she wants to shoot up a few bushes, we have plenty more.”  Her head tilted and her smile changed again.  “Now my turn for a question.  The dress.  Will you wear it for me next time I visit you?”
“If you like.”  Now Kat also had a smile.
“Your customers leave Sunday around three?”
“Yes.”
“What if I visit around five?”
“I would like that.”   
It took about fifteen minutes before Kat left.  Most of that was the two of them standing by the door, leaning into each other, four hands covering lots of ground while they kissed and pressed against each other.  Both their skirts ended up fairly high on their thighs.
Then they waited until they saw Mrs. Evans in the front yard.  Bethany walked in front of Kat and took the shotgun from her mother until Kat was safely out onto Lake Road and around the first bend.  It was still a nice night.  And Kat was plenty warm.



Chapter 12
The Fishing Workshop

Friday was errand day.  Down to Wausaukee for snacks at the IGA, then back to Amberg for wine.  Kat was pulling into the IGA parking lot when her phone rang.  Her huge van didn’t have a heater that worked, but it had Bluetooth.  She took the call as she eased into two spots near the end of the lot.  Caller ID guaranteed she would accept the call.
“Good morning, Christie.  Let me think.  Final days of September.  Is life finally worth living in Maryland?”
“I turned off the air conditioning last week.  It will probably go back on again next week, but for the moment, life is pretty good.  How are things in God’s country?”
“What you want to say is, how are things at the back end of nowhere, but enough weather reports.  I’m guessing you want the latest on Bethany Evans.”
“Well, she is an interesting person.”
“Definitely interesting.  Maybe heroic.  Maybe sad.  I’m still working on that.”
“Oh?”
“Need more for your contact report?  Here goes.  I had dinner at her cabin last night.  Pathetic place built by amateurs a million years ago.  Tiny.  Tinier since one of the bedrooms is filled to the ceiling with encyclopedias.  She has some that go back eighty years.  Maybe older.  Lots of sets, lots of publishers.  All destined for her book repository, which, by the way, the local contractors say is being massively overbuilt.”
“Well, if you are preserving truth for the world, you want a strong building.”
“Don’t mock her, or I will hang up.”  Kat sat back in her seat and opened the door to the van to let some air in.  She liked Christie, but not enough to put up with much BS.
“Sorry.  Anything else you want to tell me?”
“Just confusion.  She lives in poverty, serving a tiny library, and has a mission to prevent the future Orwell feared.  She reads Orwell, but I think she should read Cervantes.  She is Don Quixote chasing imaginary dragons.  Want truth?  Why?  Trump lies all day every day, and no one cares.  She is gathering up boxes of encyclopedias because no one wants them anymore.  The truth is whatever their favorite celebrity tells them on Facebook or Twitter.”
“Easy, Kat.  I’m sitting in a very large building filled with people who are at least making an effort.”
“I wish you the best with that.  Me, I’m headed for a weekend of fly fishing.”
“Good luck with the fishing, and thanks for taking my call.” 
Kat wasn’t happy with the call.  She felt she had betrayed a friend.  Maybe more than a friend.  But she had sat in that cabin and smelt the aged grease and smoke stained walls, and felt the tiny room closing in on her.  And she had to ask why.  Was Bethany one more loser who had taken a few wrong turns in life and ended up in Amberg?  Maybe.
Kat shut off her van and went in to get the usual cheese and fruit for pre-dinner snacks.  Six guests.  Maybe that’s what was really bothering her.  Six guests.  And one of her more demanding weekends.  Flies caught in trees, fish that might not bite, line snarled around spools.  Last time for fly fishing.  She was certain of it.
But the workshop actually went pretty well.  Before sunset she had the women practice casting, and two of the women caught pan fish off flies that should only work in the spring.  Fly rods are extra long and have a substantial whipping action, but all of the women managed to make reasonable casts within an hour of practice.  They would need more practice before she would take then near a trout stream, but it was a pretty good start.
They had a good dinner in the dining room, then settled around the kitchen table to spend the evening tying flies.  The first ones were awful – much too large.  And she had to go over the knots six or seven times, but by nine (and after two glasses of wine which seemed to relax their fingers), the flies started to look like flies.
She took a chance the next morning and drove them to a fairly open stretch of the Pike and had them cast, one at a time.  No one likes an audience doing something for the first time, but they were pretty good about it, even when one of the women got her line tangled up in a bush, and another got it twisted around her spool.  No laughter.  Real encouragement.  Whispered cheers for a good cast.  
And they caught one trout.  The woman who hooked it was successful in landing it.  Kat caught it in a net, and all the women gathered around to watch Kat take it in hand while the woman who caught it carefully extracted the hook.  Kat let the woman take the trout and slowly release it back into the stream.
Kat wasn’t sure what to do after that.  They all sat on the bank and ate some sandwiches Lois had packed for them.  They started talking about what to do that day and the next, and ended up just talking.  About the river.  About the area.  About trout.  About fishing.  About themselves.  About Kat.  She ended up talking about a time she and some men had gone fishing in Iraq.  The Euphrates.  Pretty muddy.  One guy stood guard with an M16, but the locals were fishermen too, and they used sign language to show which lures worked best and what kind of fish to expect.  It was a story Kat had never told.
Eventually they loaded up the van and went back to the lodge.  Kat built a bonfire on the shore, and they all just kept talking.  They were still at it when Lois brought dinner.  Back to the dining room, back to jokes about Kat’s musky (smuggled back from Iraq was the new joke), and then back to the kitchen table for another round of fly tying and white wine.
Kat took them to another stretch of the Pike the next morning, and they only caught two pan fish, but the women still enjoyed themselves.  Of course they posed for pictures, and they saved all their flies as souvenirs, but when they left after lunch, they seemed to stand longer to hug and talk before they finally got into their cars.  And Kat was smiling, feeling far better about the weekend than she had expected.  Maybe fly fishing would stay in the workshop schedule.



Chapter 13
Bethany and Mom

Bethany arrived at five.  Kat wasn’t ready.  She needed to wash off all the lines they had used, carefully rereel them, and then put away the vises, thread, and feathers for the flies.  All needed to be stored carefully.  Kat was still in the garage pushing items onto shelves when Bethany’s Volvo arrived.
And she was dressed.  Black, short sleeves, scooped neckline, form fitting, tight to her narrow hips, some synthetic material with a slight sheen to it.  She was even wearing black pumps.  She was way over dressed for Amberg.  And she looked very good.
“My outfit for the annual benefactor banquet for the elite of Naperville.”
“Very nice.”  Kat kept her distance.  “I will be done here in a few minutes.  Why not open a bottle of wine for us.  The cooler under the bar is full.”
Bethany maintained her slight smile – a sense of amusement at what she saw.  She held her pose, watching Kat, then strode into the lodge.  Kat finished storing her materials, then hurried into her bedroom.  Out of her jeans, into her shower, back out, into a yellow sun dress, three minutes with her hair, five with some work around her eyes and lips, done.
Bethany was still smiling when Kat came to her at the bar.  Kat watched for a change in the smile, maybe some sign of appreciation for her transformation.  She thought she saw a bit more around the eyes.  Kat walked right up to Bethany and kissed her.
“Thank you for coming.”
“Thank you for the invitation.  Any other formalities we need to process?”
“Just a glass of wine, and a decision on where to sit so we can start groping.”
“Definitely the glider.”  Bethany picked up her glass of wine and the bottle, and led the way out of the lodge.
The glider was a good choice.  Kat was still excited having been outside all day, and successful all day.  She pulled her bare feet under her, and leaned into Bethany.  Bethany kept her feet on the porch and swung them.  She wrapped an arm around Kat’s shoulders.  Kat kept a hand on Bethany’s leg, slowly stroking her thigh.
“I got a call from NSA Friday.”
“What did you tell them?”
“I said you were a serious person.”
“Coming from a person with your history, I am deeply honored.”  Bethany pulled Kat tighter.
“I told them about your building.”  Kat sat up straighter.  
“I assumed you would.”
“And I assumed you wanted me to tell them.  Care to tell me why?”  Both women caught their breath.  Kat turned to face Bethany.  She saw a flash of anger.
“I want to shame them.  That barn I’m building?  They should be building it.  I tried, but they turned me down again and again.  So, here I am.  Doing their work.”
“And I’m what – your phone line to them?” 
“You’re the woman who caused me to dig very deep into my closet, looking for a dress I haven’t worn in a very long time.”
“Good answer.  And by the way, they can’t do what you are doing.  They are the government.  Remember?  The people Orwell worried about.”
“So here we are.   Amateurs rebuilding the Library of Congress.  Preventing 1984.  Putting up a green pole barn on your lake.”  
“No, here we are, sitting together, watching the sun set.  Orwell can take care of himself for a few hours.”
That ended conversations for a while.  The sun set while the two of them sat rocking on the porch.  They held hands, finished the bottle of wine, kissed from time to time, and pulled closer as the air cooled.
And then they heard the shotgun blast.
“Shit.”  Bethany jumped up and raced to her car.
“Wait just a minute.”  Kat ran into her bedroom, grabbed the rifle from the corner behind her dresser, and stepped into a pair of sneakers.  Bethany had already started rolling her car forward when Kat grabbed the door handle and pulled herself inside.  Volvos are built for comfort and safety, not speed, but Bethany got it rolling pretty fast up the lake road.
They found Mrs. Evans leaning back against a tree in the front yard, her hands behind her, the shotgun in the dirt beside her.
“He’s going that way.”  She jerked her head towards the other cabin.  “Go.  Shoot him.”
Kat stepped carefully in the direction Mrs. Evans had indicated.  Carefully.  The sun had set and trees filtered out any light from stars or the moon.  The minute she was out of the circle of light from the Evans’ cabin, she felt blind.  She felt, more than saw, the trees she passed.  She moved, but was listening more than looking as she advanced through one grove of trees after another.  It occurred to her, whoever she was trailing would have the same problem, so she looked for a flashlight beam.  No luck.
She nearly walked into the side of the second cabin.  Once there, she slowly circled the building.  No lights or sounds from inside.  When she came around to the door, she checked it.  Locked.  She could see nothing inside, and she had no legal right to break the lock.  She circled the cabin a second time, trying each window she found.  Everything was locked up tight.
Kat squatted down on the far side of the cabin and listened.  Woods are never quiet.  Especially in the fall.  Freshly fallen leaves crackle as they are crunched under foot.  Raccoons, deer, people.  Feet of any size make noise.  She heard nothing.  She waited.  And waited.  Finally she slowly stood and then carefully walked back to the lights of the Evans’ cabin.
“Did you get him?”  Mrs. Evans was sitting on the edge of her porch.  Bethany was sitting close.  Kat was pleased to see it was Bethany who now held the shotgun.
“No.  Sorry.”
“Too slow.  I saw him run when my gun went off.  Fat bastard.  You should have caught him.  He didn’t move that fast.  You should have been faster.”  Bethany kept a hand on the woman’s shoulder.  Otherwise it looked like she would have stood up and taken a swing at Kat.
“Are you sure you saw someone?”
“Of course I did.  He pushed me to the ground and tied my hands.”  Bethany held up a piece of plastic for Kat to see.  Apparently she had cut her mother free.
“So how did you fire your shotgun?”
“Stupid question.  I pulled the damn trigger.  Idiot threw it over into some dirt.  I went after it.”
“How did you pump a round into the chamber?”
“Why would I have to do that?”
Kat got the picture.  The old lady had been out checking, a shell already chambered, probably with the safety off.  If she had been one of Kat’s soldiers, there would have been trouble.  But she wasn’t.  She was an old lady who was going to hurt someone eventually.  But now was not the time for a fire arms safety lecture.
“What did he want?”
“How the hell would I know?  He went into the cabin.  He was in there when I fired my gun.  Once he heard the gun, he hurried out, moving as fast as his fat ass would go.”
“Anything missing?”  Kat asked Bethany.  
“Nothing obvious.  Not our purses or anything.  We’ll take another look tomorrow when the light is better.”
Kat looked at the pair of women.  She should have been concerned for the older woman’s health, but having been shouted at, she thought she would leave soothing words to Bethany.  The old lady could have been seriously hurt.  She had also shown real bravery.  A hug and words of congratulations were appropriate.  Kat just didn’t feel them.  She felt waves of anger coming from the woman, and decided enough was enough.
“I’ll go home now.  I’ll take the road on that side of the lake, and see if I can find anything along the way.”
“He’s fat.  Shoot him if you see him.”
Kat nodded to the old lady and to Bethany.  Rifle across her chest, she took the path back to the road, and then followed the lake road back to her lodge.  It was about a twenty minute walk, and she saw and heard nothing.



Chapter 14
Monday Fishing

Kat sat over her breakfast the next morning feeling very confused.  A very old lady manages to fire a shotgun with her hands tied behind her back.  How?  And why was the gun anywhere near her?  Wouldn’t the crook just take the shotgun with him – maybe carry it into the cabin?  Or did he just assume – the woman is a million years old, what are the chances she’ll get to the gun and fire it?  And what was the guy after?  If their purses were still in the cabin, what was left to steal – old books?
Kat thought things might make more sense after Bethany had a chance to thoroughly search the cabin.  In the meantime, Kat spent her time on two things – laundry and sunshine.  It was Monday, hence laundry.  It was one of the final days of September, hence sunshine.  If you were from Wisconsin you knew to draw in all the sunshine and warmth you could in these final days, since winter was coming.  And, like that long novel series about kings and thrones, when winter came to Wisconsin, it lasted a very long time. 
So Kat stripped the six beds, loaded the washer, and stepped out onto the front porch.  The sun was farther south than it had been in June, and it rose later, but it was still the sun, and it still warmed the air as the morning progressed.  It would probably hit the mid sixties.  Sweater weather.  Standing out in the sun weather.  Breathing deep weather.  Feeling the sun on your face weather.
Apparently it was also canoeing weather.  Kat saw an aluminum canoe coming across the lake.  Too far to see who was in it, but since it was coming from the far end, and only one cabin was occupied at that end, it had to be Bethany or her mother.  Fifteen minutes later, she could see it was the mother.  It was also clear mom had no idea what to do with a canoe.  She sat in the front of the canoe, making it almost impossible to steer, and she took mini-strokes, first two on one side of the bow, then two on the other, neither stroke moving the canoe much.  
But she seemed determined to cross the lake.  Five hundred yards.  Why?  At the rate she was going, it would take her half the morning.  Given her age and ability level, she shouldn’t have been in a canoe at all, and if some spurt of madness had driven her to paddle a bit, she should have stayed within about ten yards of her cabin.
Kat moved one load of laundry from the washer to the dryer, had another cup of coffee, and carried the first dry sheets upstairs to make the beds, all while Mrs. Evan paddled, inch by inch, across the lake.  When she got within a hundred yards of Kat’s beach, Kat walked down to the shore, thinking maybe the woman had decided to paddle to Kat, somehow thinking it would be less work than walking the road.  So Kat waved.  No response.
About twenty yards from Kat’s shore, Mrs. Evans stopped paddling and got out some fishing gear.  Kat shouted and pointed toward a weed bed where the old lady might be able to get some pan fish.  No response.  The woman dropped a small anchor, put a worm on a hook, and dropped a line over the side.  She was over a rock bed.  Her chance of landing a fish in that location at that time of day was about the same odds as winning the lottery.  Kat watched her for a few minutes, hoping she might get her attention, maybe shout to her over the short distance, but the woman stared over the side of the canoe, down into the clear – and empty – water.
Kat went back to her laundry.  Hours passed.  With only six guests over the weekend, Kat was able to get all the sheets and towels done by lunch, and even get a start on bathrooms.  She took a sandwich out to her glider and ate a BLT while watching Mrs. Evans.  It looked like she might be napping.  Her canoe hadn’t moved, and she sat with her head dropped forward.  She was close enough to shore Kat thought she could paddle out to her pretty fast if she fell out of the canoe.
Kat decided she would keep cleaning.  She would check on the old woman every half hour or so, and if she was still there late in the day, she would take one of her own canoes out to her.  Four o’clock came, and when Kat checked, the woman was doing her silly paddling back towards her own end of the lake.  The whole thing seemed crazy, but then, it had probably been good exercise, and maybe when Kat was eighty she would be just as silly.
Kat took some leftover wine and leftover pork and salad out to a picnic table on the shore.  It was almost six, the sun was getting low over the trees, and Mrs. Evans had finally made it back home.  She was halfway through her second glass of wine when she asked herself a fairly important question.  The cabin had been robbed the night before.  Why was Mrs. Evans not hanging close to the cabin to ensure it was not robbed again?  She had been on the water seven or eight hours.  Did she just lock the door and think that would stop a thief?  And if today was her day to discover the joys of fishing, why not look for fish closer to home?  What fraction of her brain was still functioning at a normal level?
Kat sat over her wine until the sun was fully set, catching the last UV rays like they were money to be saved.  Lights were on at the cabin across the way.  And she had seen Bethany drive the lake road to her cabin.  Whatever was going on with mom, Bethany would handle it.
Kat was in the kitchen washing up her lunch and dinner dishes when she heard a car in the driveway.  By the time she got to the front door, a very excited Bethany was on the front porch.
“He didn’t take anything.  He left something.”  She held up two thick books.  Kat pushed open the screen door, only to have Bethany practically knock her over as she rushed in.
“Hi.”  Kat took a step back.  Bethany closed on her again, now wrapping her arms around her and kissing her.
“I need your help, but change first.  Wear what you were wearing last night.”  Kat noticed that Bethany was wearing the black “banquet” dress of the night before.  So, this was a date?
“Okay.”  Kat walked back into her bedroom, unbuttoned her shirt and pulled off her jeans.  She had three sundresses in her closet.  She decided Bethany was right – the yellow print was most attractive.  She stepped into that, pulled it up, and then checked herself in her mirror.  Quick work with a comb, and she was done.
Bethany hadn’t moved.  She smiled and opened her arms when Kat came to her.  Another embrace, another kiss.  Both longer and stronger.  Kat watched Bethany, trying to understand her excitement, even as she moved her hands over Bethany’s backside.  She saw Bethany had worked on her hair and put on makeup.  So, this was a date.  Bethany had one arm around Kat’s shoulders, and a hand deep into her hair, holding her head for another kiss.  Yes, this was a date.
“You have much better lighting than we do, and room around your kitchen table.”  Bethany was practically eyeball to eyeball with Kat.  “You’ll help me find it.”  Kat wasn’t sure what “it” was, but apparently it could wait while Bethany held her.
“Sure.”  Kat had no idea what she had just agreed to, but for the moment it seemed to involve holding Bethany tight and kissing her.
“I forgot to tell you how beautiful you are.  Yellow is definitely your color.”
“Somehow black works on you.  Subtle and sexy.  And your ass feels good under the material.”
“Good.  I’m hoping to keep your attention.  What we need to do together is going to be tedious.”
“So it involves my kitchen table, but no sex.”  
“Definitely sex.  But later.”
Bethany stepped back from Kat and picked up the two books she had set on a chair.  Without a word she walked to the kitchen and started turning on lights.  There was a row of work lights over the table, lights so bright Kat rarely used them.  Bethany positioned the two books directly under them, and pulled two chairs close.
“This one is the original.”  She had written “original” inside the front cover.  “This one is the fake.”  “Fake” was written inside its cover.  They looked identical to Kat.  Brown leather bindings, “Collier’s Year Book” embossed on the front.  “1948 Collier’s Yearbook – Covering the year 1947” printed on the side.
“How do you know this one is fake?”  Kat held up the second volume.  Both looked nearly new.  While over seventy years old, the pages were still white, the print easy to read.  820 pages in each.
“I have a camera above the door into the storage bedroom.  Inside.  Hidden.  He would not have known it was there.  I watched the video file last night.  I could see him put this book in the room, down under three other books, so it looked like it had always been there.  He also took two older novels off the pile – first editions – so it looked like he was there to steal.”
“Okay, so you already had one of these somewhere in the room.  Now you have two.  And the purpose of his visit was…”
“Somewhere in this copy is a distortion.  Maybe more than one.  He wants 1947 to look different than it was.”
“Okay, right after World War II, so lots going on that was important.  But still, more than seventy years ago.  Does it matter?”
“Some group wants us to see that period differently.  Somehow it sets up something they want to happen now, or in the near future.”
“If someone bothers to read this book.”
“They pay some professor to include a citation.  It becomes part of the narrative.  Whatever they are promoting, there is an unimpeachable source going back seventy years.”
“Maybe.  Still seems a stretch to me.”  
Kat was sitting with the two books midway between her and Bethany.  She opened both books to the first page.  Map of the world.  Interesting.  Lots of current countries didn’t exist then.  Was this about Eastern Europe, all of which was just labeled “Russia”?  She turned to the Introduction.  Pretty pessimistic reading.  Hadn’t we just won the war?  Inflation in the U.S., Russian opposition to the Marshall Plan, fights over Palestine.  Didn’t sound much like a time of celebration.
But.  She was not supposed to be reading, she was supposed to be looking for conflicts between the two books.  Kat put a finger on one column, Bethany put her finger on the same column in the other book, and they rolled down the page together.  820 pages.  This was madness.  After the first page they knew they were doing the impossible.
They worked two hours, and got through twenty five pages.  At least they thought they had.  If the change had just been one word here or there, they probably missed it.  Articles were in alphabetical order.  “Abrasives.”  Short ton consumption from 1943-1946.  Good table.  No changes.  Nice to know there was no abrasives conspiracy looming.  
“Accidents and Accident Prevention.”  Bad news.  Up two percent from 1946 to 47.  But traffic deaths were down.  Kat found herself reading.  It just slowed the process down.  She should have been scanning words.  She was reading.  One book, then the other.  President Truman declared a National Safety Week and agencies were “mobilized to attack the problem.”  Worse than reading, now she was laughing.
“Adhesives.”  Turns out there are both animal glues and soybean glues.  Who knew?  Colliers knew.  
“Advertising.”  Gillette and Ford sponsored the 1947 World Series on television – now available in urban areas.  The year’s advertising award went to a former University of Wisconsin professor.
“Afghanistan, Agriculture (12 pages), Air Conditioning, Alabama, Alaska, Albania, some guy named Miguel Aleman, Alfalfa.”  That was it for Kat.  She felt totally used up.
“If we just knew what we were looking for.  This isn’t just a haystack we are looking through.  Every stalk of hay has its own shape, and many of them are interesting to look at.  And this is just one book.  Let’s consider another possibility.  Someone corrupts a set of Britannicas.  Which volume?  Maybe all.  You are looking at your life’s work, just to verify that one set.”
“That’s why we have to secure the sets we have.”
“Secure?  You know where your mother was today?  Fishing.  Last night you are broken into, and today she is clear across the lake.”
“She has her own needs.”  Bethany leaned back in her chair.  “We have the camera.  We have locks on the door.  Once the repository is built, we will have much better security.”
“Bethany, have you seen her in a canoe?”
“I can’t begrudge her that.  We’re on a lake.  She will fish.  I know she is a million years old, but she is still fairly healthy.  I need to give her space.  She has earned it.”  Bethany stood. “Enough for tonight.  I’ll come back tomorrow and we can do some more checking.”
“What?  You have me change clothes, and then just leave?  That’s it?”  Kat stood opposite Bethany, her hands at her side, anger on her face.  Bethany paused, then smiled.
“Do you have any music?”  Bethany took Kat’s hand.  “Let’s dance.”
Kat walked with her into the great room and switched on the sound system.  She quickly went through her iPod menu and found “romance.”  Then she stood and stared at Bethany.  
“I see.  I am to invite you to dance?”  Bethany took a step closer.  Kat stood waiting.  Bethany took the final step and wrapped her arms around Kat.  “Kat, may I have this dance?  You look so beautiful tonight in that pretty dress.”  She smiled and kissed Kat.  
“You can go home if you want.” Kat left it there.  
“Sorry.  I know I sounded sarcastic.  You do look good in that dress by the way.  And it doesn’t hurt me to say so.”
“Better.”
Bethany wrapped her arms around Kat and began swaying with the music.  The music did the rest.  They danced close, their hands up into hair or down onto skirts.  Kat felt her skirt slide up and was confident how the evening would end.



Chapter 15
That Damn Book

Kat found the discrepancy on Thursday.  She had been at it much of every day, and long into the evening after Bethany arrived.  She still had a business to run, and a lodge to clean, but one of her easier workshops was scheduled for the weekend – kayaking on the Pike River.  Ten women were signed up, and the Pike provided a great run.  Aside from the usual errands, Kat was able to sit at her kitchen table for several hours a day.
While Kat studied page after page, Mrs. Evans fished.  Kat watched her paddle – badly – across the lake each morning.  She also fished badly – always in useless locations near Kat’s shore.  And it looked like she spent most of the day slumped over napping.  Odd.  And surprising.  Back at her cabin, construction crews were putting in long days.  Mostly concrete that week.  Frost walls down four feet, then a huge slab six inches deep.  Bethany gave her a nightly summation before they sat down with the books.
Bethany spent the night.  Every night.  They worked out a routine.  Side by side in the kitchen, both of them wearing dresses, then dancing, then bed.  Bethany turned out to be a thoughtful lover.  She danced well, said all the right things, held Kat close, and led Kat to the bedroom with a kiss, a smile, and the right words.  Once there, she held Kat to her with one hand, and took forever to undress her with the other.  By the time she slipped the red satin night gown over Kat’s head, Kat was as hot as she had ever been.
Over the week, they learned how to sleep together.  How to be comfortable with each other, where and how to please, the lightest or heaviest touch.  Bethany continued to take the top.  Kat spread herself and felt like she was melting into the bed under Bethany’s kisses and hands.  Nights were marvelous.
But Kat’s favorite time actually was breakfast.  They continued the pattern – oatmeal, coffee, the glider, both wrapped tight under a blanket, their bare feet pulled up under them, their bodies sliding in satin as they huddled together.  The cool morning air made everything better.  It made them huddle closer.  
At some point Bethany would dress.  Kat would stand in her night gown and watch, then follow Bethany as far as the porch.  There would be a long kiss before Bethany left – long, showing affection for Kat and reluctance to leave.  And the final words were always the right words.  No question, Bethany was marvelous as a lover.  Kat remained on the porch, red night gown shining in the sun as the gray Volvo pulled out of the drive.
Then came the reading – and the frustration.  She found nothing in the As, Bs, and Cs.  She learned the world production of antimony had fallen, but she didn’t learn what it was or why it mattered.  She expected there to be something changed in “Armed Forces, Unification of,” but could find nothing.  “Art” went on for ten pages.  No changes there or in “asbestos” (more production in Canada, less in the U.S.)
Bs started with “Bacteriology,” but Colliers noted, “The year 1947, unlike so many of its predecessors, was not distinguished by outstanding achievements in bacteriology.”  Kat assumed the bacteriology community was embarrassed at the revelation.  Kat read the section on banking carefully, especially the section on the Federal Reserve, but found no changes.  After ten pages on banks, she took a long lunch and sat along the lake watching Mrs. Evans nap.  
“Canada” was the most interesting C.  There was even a map in case readers weren’t sure where to find the place.  “Cereals” showed world production of grain was still less than before the war.  Up in the U.S., down most other places.  “Chess” got three pages.  “Chiang Kai-shek” just a column.  Maybe Colliers knew he would soon be chased out of China.  “Colleges and Universities” was interesting.  Enrollments more than doubled from 1945 to 1947.  Tuition was not a problem.  Finding qualified professors was.
Kat got to D and E on Wednesday.  She had totally lost interest in the project.  She had seen no differences between the two books.  Either there were no differences, or they existed and Kat was missing them.  Neither possibility was encouraging.  As for reading, “Education” went on forever.  She found herself more interested in “Elizabeth, Alexandra Mary, Princess.”  But it was only one column and a mention she might one day be queen.
By Thursday Kat hated even going into her kitchen, the two books sitting side by side, a mass of tiny letters challenging her.  She took to drinking her coffee outdoors, and seemed to always remember one more thing that needed to be cleaned in the guest rooms.  She even washed windows.
But she wanted to show Bethany some progress, so after lunch Thursday she turned all the lights in the kitchen on full, sat, and stared at F.  “Fashions, Women’s” was good for a laugh.  There was even a photo of “the cinched in waist that enhances feminine curves.”  Next came the FBI.  No feminine curves.  They got a financial review.  Cost - $275 million over ten years to operate the agency.  Income - $348 million in fines, savings, and recoveries.  Odd bit of trivia.  Kat read every word carefully thinking changes were likely in the history or personal descriptions at the FBI.  Nothing.
She found the changes in, of all places, “Fires.”  For reasons that somehow made sense to Colliers, the books included seven pages listing every significant fire in 1947.  Every fire.  Seven pages.  And for each fire, they had the date, the location, type of structure, extent of loss, whether anyone was killed, and the property loss.
And five changes had been made.  In the first…

Mar 1, Dayton, Ohio, Department store, total loss, 0 dead, $150,000 loss
Became
Mar 1, Dayton, Ohio, YMCA, total loss, 1 dead, $325,000 loss

Two other Ohio fires switched from “department store,” one to “church”, and one to “office building.”  One died in each.  Two department stores also burned in Indiana, but now it was two warehouses that were destroyed
Kat went back through those seven pages three times looking for other changes.  But that was it.  Department store fires – five had been changed.  By this time she had studied 227 pages in the books, and this was all she had found.  Five store fires hidden.  Why?  Part of her wanted to celebrate – she had found a change.  But part of her was confused and disappointed.  Department store fires?  Seventy odd years ago?  Who could possibly care?
First things first.  Kat got her phone and took pictures of the store entries – the originals and the changes.  She texted all of them to Christie.  Let the NSA chew on this puzzle.  Let some intern beat his or her head on it.  Kat decided she was done for the day.  She poured herself a glass of wine, sat out on the glider, and watched Mrs. Evans paddle back to her end of the lake.  Time to relax.
Of course Christie called.
“What are you sending me, Kat?”
“Bethany’s cabin was broken into.  Two books stolen, and one book added.  She and I have been comparing the new book to another version she has.  You want boredom, I can show you boredom.  227 pages of seventy year old factoids.  And I find this.  Five department store fires hidden.  Now it’s off my kitchen table and on to your hard drive.  Good luck.”
“So someone wants future readers of Evans’ book castle to think some store fires never happened in 1947?”
“That’s it.”
“That’s nuts.”
“Yes, but now it is your nut to deal with.”
“What about the rest of the book?”
“I’m hoping this is all she wants.  There’s another six hundred pages.  I have a business to run, and sunshine is calling.”
“Kat, I’m going to add a person to your weekend workshop.  She’ll come with a scanner.”
“Can she kayak?”
“Lake or river?”
“River with a whitewater rating.  Have her look up the Pike.  See if she’s ready.”
“Will do.  And thanks.”
Kat put away her phone and poured herself a second glass of wine.  She was done examining the books – at least for one night.



Chapter 16
Whose Conspiracy?

“You just found how important it is we protect these books.”  Bethany arrived around seven.  She’d had dinner with her mother.  Kat ate alone.  Both women had changed into clothes they would wear on a date.  Bethany wore her black dress again, apparently the only “date” dress she owned.  Kat was working her way through sundresses while there was still sun.
They sat at the kitchen table and stared at the two books.  Kat had laid a pencil under each of the changed entries.
Bethany studied each of the changes, then went back to the first page of the fires and checked for additional edits.  She moved her fingers slowly, left hand on the original book, right on the copy.  Kat watched.  And felt annoyed.  She had already checked the list three times.  Did Bethany not trust her?  And by the way, where was the “Great job, Kat?” that she felt she deserved.  Bethany slowly traced the entries.  She spent half an hour doing her check.  Not a sound from her as she did the examination.  
“I went through the list three times, Bethany.  There are no other changes.”
“Sh.”
Kat waited.  She imagined what she should be hearing from Bethany. “Wow, Kat, this is hard work.  It sure was great of you to spend so much time each day checking for changes.  I am truly grateful for your effort.”  Something along those lines would have been nice.  Something.  What she got was silence.
“You found no other changes?”
“No.”  Kat was getting more and more frustrated.  If she had found other changes, wouldn’t she had said so?
“Just these.”
“Yes, just these.  Of course I have only made it to F.”
“I thought for sure they would change some financial entry.  Wouldn’t that make more sense?”
“Yes.”  Kat heard something in Bethany’s voice and continued.  “I checked those carefully, Bethany.  I had the same thought.  Hide some money, or boost some expenditure.  The International Monetary Fund and World Bank were just being started.  Any number they changed would go unquestioned.”
“Maybe I’ll check those again.”
“Feel free.”  Kat leaned back in her chair.  Bethany started to turn a page, then caught herself.
“Sorry.  If you checked them, you checked them.”
“I checked them.”  Kat sat back in her chair, staring at Bethany.  Bethany was smart enough to recognize irritation when she saw and heard it.
“Sorry.”
Kat held her gaze, then nodded in acknowledgement of the apology.
“I was surprised too.  Department stores?  Who would possibly care about seventy year old store fires?”
“It may be years before we know, Kat.  It will just appear as part of a larger package.  Maybe it will discredit someone.  Maybe it will hide a different conspiracy, or set up the historical basis for some law they want.  But these guys are playing a long game.”   
“We need help with this.”
Bethany started to answer.  The “no” was already formed on her mouth when she stopped herself.  She turned fully toward Kat and took hold of her upper arm.  She waited, then continued.  “Let me guess.  You’ve already called the NSA.” 
“Yes.”
“And if they are the ones who made the changes?”
“I never thought there was a ‘they’ there.  At least not in the sense of a coherent whole.  You have tens of thousands of people sitting around with headphones anchored to their heads twenty four seven, thousands more running code breaking routines on their computers, and a new department or task force being formed every other day.”
“Which you ran security for.”
“I managed military security.  The NSA sits on Fort Meade.  We protected the base.  Inside the NSA buildings, they had their own people.”
“Fine.  Whatever.  Big place, tangled bureaucracy.  I get that.  But now some node in that network knows this change has been found.  They start asking questions.  Whoever put the book in my storage area finds out they were caught and others are now looking for them.  Stress.  Stress leads to action.  Maybe in Fort Meade, maybe here.”
“Or they just back off.”
“Sure.”  Bethany stood.  “Can I trust you to protect the books?”
“Yes.”  Kat stood too.  Bethany still had a hold of her upper arm.  Kat decided not to shake it off.  “And I’ll keep looking for changes.”
“I’ll sit with my mother in case anyone else decides to come for us.”
“I have several rifles.  Would you like one?”
“No.  We have a second shotgun.  I’ll sit with it.”  Bethany had let go of Kat and was walking quickly back to her car.
“If I hear a shot, I’ll come running.”
Bethany ignored the offer.  Her gray Volvo was gone in an instant.  Kat watched from her porch.  An evening breeze caught her skirt.  She thought of the phrase - all dressed up and nowhere to go.



Chapter 17
An Extra Kayaker

Sometimes Kat felt like a gym teacher.  She got to spend all day having fun with students while the other teachers gave lectures.  That was especially true for her kayaking weekends.  She did two in the spring when the water was high, one in midsummer when the cool water felt great on a hot day, and one the first weekend in October, not because conditions were good, but because conditions were still good enough.  Why be inside when you could race down the Pike?
The women who arrived for the workshop seemed to have the same attitude.  Would the water be cold?  Yes.  Would the river level be low?  Probably.  Would they bounce off a few rocks?  Certainly.  But why be inside?
Kat had said in the workshop description that the river could be demanding, and she asked for descriptions of experience in the reservation packet.  As the women arrived, they all wanted to tell Kat about rivers they had been on, whitewater they had paddled through.  It was a young bunch.  Twenties and thirties.  Full of energy.  They started arriving at four on Friday, and rather than go in for a glass of wine, those who had brought kayaks immediately dropped them into Kat’s lake and paddled around.  Kat had left half a dozen of her own kayaks on the shore, and they were quickly used as well.
Kat built a bonfire on the shore, and served wine and juice to the women as they raced their kayaks back onto the beach.  Several of the women had done Kat’s kayak workshop before, and they had a great time being experts, describing the Pike to the other women.  The talk was loud and rapid, the talk of excitement.
Kat’s longest conversation was with the one woman who didn’t race to push a kayak into the lake - the woman who arrived with a rental car and a heavy suitcase.  Kat helped her carry her bags up to her room at the top of the stairs – the one bedroom that would be a single.  Their conversation was about the books.  Kat brought them up from the kitchen while the woman set up her scanner.  She showed the woman – Eileen Stone – the fire pages that had been changed.  Then she suggested Stone join the others at the campfire.
At that point she knew Stone was going to be a problem.  She was the right age – mid-twenties – and seemed fit enough, but she had no experience kayaking.
“I have an inner ear problem.”
“What?”  Kat was standing at the door to the room, ready to lead the way downstairs and to the bonfire.
“Damaged from scarlet fever.  Parents were anti-vax.  Affects my balance.  I would be okay in a canoe, but a kayak is too narrow.  I don’t have the balance for that.”
“Why did they send you?”  Kat knew it was a rude question, but she couldn’t help herself.  She had told Christie what skills were needed.  She thought she had been very clear.
“It will be okay.  We have a plan.”
Kat didn’t wait to hear the plan.  She had ten paying guests around her campfire.  She hurried back to them, poured wine, and talked weather and the Pike.
Lois came out and got them just as the sun set.  Dinner time.  Too cool for a picnic.  Kat led the way through the lodge and to the dining room.  Always a great first dinner.  Who could not laugh at the antler chandelier and the musky behind Kat’s head?  Lois provided the food.  The musky provided the entertainment.
After dinner Kat moved them to the great room.  She had a large screen TV set up against the windows and showed a go-pro video of the Pike.  She slowed the speed during several of the rapids, sped up during the easy stretches.  They spent an hour analyzing and discussing.  Everyone liked the looks of the river.
Precautions.  Footwear.  The water level was low enough, they might want to walk their kayaks through several sections.  Sweatshirts.  Kat’s van would be waiting for them at the midpoint and at the end.  It would be good to bring spare clothes to get dry and warm.  There was plenty of room in the van to store whatever they wanted.  Kat would provide towels.  Kayaks.  Kat had plenty.  If they didn’t wish to risk damage to their own kayaks, they were free to take one of Kat’s.
Kat served wine, cheese, and fruit.  And she ran the go-pro video a second time as background while the women talked.  Loud, and rapid.  Excited, happy women.  They knew they were going to have a great day.
Stone’s plan?  Fairly clever.  She waited until people started climbing the stairs to their room, joined a group, turned to talk as she climbed, “missed” a step and fell on her shoulder.  She held her arm tight to her body as she finished climbing to her room, “pretty sure” she would be fine in the morning.  Obviously she wasn’t.  “Much too stiff to move the arm.”  She would stay behind and just kayak around the lake.
Kat actually liked the ruse.  It gave Stone all day to scan while they were out.
For everyone else, Saturday was perfect.  Lois arrived early and made mountains of pancakes and eggs – protein and carbs.  Then she filled a box with food for lunch while Kat and the guests got their kayaks onto the trailer, and spare clothes into the fourteen passenger van.  They were off before nine.  Lois would stay with the van, drop them all off, and wait for them with lunch.
Drop off was just below Dave’s Falls.  They walked up into the small park to take pictures of the falls, then launched their kayaks.  Most used their own.  Water levels were low, but still acceptable.  There was a good current.  The women didn’t quite race each other down the river, but they didn’t lag behind either.  
Kat stayed about two thirds of the way back in the string of kayaks.  She wanted to be able to get forward if needed, but be far enough towards the rear that she would notice if anyone was struggling.  None were.  She could hear fiberglass or plastic shells hit rocks, but they were glancing blows, and no one got twisted around to face the current sideways or backwards.  They didn’t always curve perfectly into a chute, but they stayed in control.
Kat had been on the river herself a few weeks earlier, and her one fear was the water level would be so low, they would essentially walk and pull their kayaks all the way to the Menominee.  But water levels were pretty good.  They did have to walk several places, but those felt like rest stops between real rushes through rocks and between boulders.
Was it cold?  Yes.  But that just meant they sweated less as they paddled through rapids.  And, there were no mosquitoes.  They also caught the woods at a good time.  She saw several women stop their canoes and get out their cameras to capture yellow-leaved birches arching over the river, quiet pools holding fallen leaves.  The changing leaves may have been past their prime, but they still looked pretty colorful as the women floated under them.   No question, there were several sections of the river with spectacular color.  There would be pictures on walls and on Facebook when the women got home. 
Lunch came early.  Fine.  They had been on the water two hours, and a break was overdue.  And Lois did a fine job.  First, she found a spot twenty or thirty yards up river from the van, and got a picture of each woman as she came around a curve, just as they passed several large rocks and slipped into a chute.  Head up, arms working their paddle, it was a magnificent portrait of each woman.  Once the women had landed their kayaks near the van, and gotten a bag of sandwiches and fruit, Lois texted each woman her picture.  She made a lot of friends over lunch.  She even did a picture for Kat.
Kat did not push the women back into the river.  They ate, talked, changed out of any clothing that had gotten wet, laid back on the river bank and rested.  Kat pulled out a county map and showed the women the miles they had covered, and the miles they had to go.  They were making great time.  They were having fun.  They had time to relax and enjoy their day on the water.
The afternoon went as well as the morning.  There was one small falls – maybe three feet.  Kat went over first, then got out of her kayak about twenty yards down river and stood as the others went over.  For those who made it, she was ready with a high five.  For the two that flipped and were thrown out of their kayak, she caught the kayak as it floated down river, and helped the women back in.  No injuries.  Not even to their pride.  The women got up in the shallow water below the drop, walked over to Kat laughing, got back in their kayaks and finished the run.
Kat had Lois waiting about two hours farther down river.  Excitement was fine, and paddling was fun, but four hours on whitewater was plenty.  They stood around the van, went through two thermoses of hot chocolate, changed out of wet clothes, and took lots of pictures.  Once the kayaks were loaded on the trailer, it was back to the lodge in a van that was much quieter than it had been.
Kat built a huge bonfire on her beach, and this time she noticed the women pulled chairs and benches close and sat.  They were happy, but they were tired.  Lois brought out endless trays of cheese and crackers, and Kat supplied hot dogs for those who wanted something to cook over the fire.  Ten women ate, talked, and texted pictures to each other and to friends back home.
Kat walked through the lodge several times to bring out more food.  On her second trip through she climbed the stairs to check on Stone.  She was gone, as were both books.



Chapter 18
Poor Explanations

Kat was angry, but it was the next afternoon before she could do anything about it.  She had ten guests for dinner that night (and they went through food like only women who have been on the water all day can), and an evening in the great room, the go-pro video running, now so women could pick out and comment on locations they liked.  They were all in bed by ten, but so was Kat.  She felt all of her forty six years in her shoulders and back.
Lois brought everyone back to life in the morning.  An endless stream of blueberry pancakes for carbs, and plate after plate of bacon just for the smell.  By nine the women were bright eyed again and up for more kayaking.  They decided once around the lake would be fun.  They ended up circling it three times, stopping for pictures of each other and of the shore.  Talk was loud and fast.  Happy women romping out in the sun.
Lois did brats and potato salad on the picnic tables by the shore.  The women were ready to elect her governor by the time they were done.  And then they were off.  Well, they were off in the pattern of any other group – off to pack, off to load their cars, off to strap down their kayaks, and then long stops to hug, talk, take yet another picture, get yet another phone number, text yet another image from the weekend.  It was three by the time the last car rolled down the lake road.
Kat helped Lois load up her truck, paid her for the food and her time, and gave her a huge tip.  She also hugged her and thanked her.  It had been a great weekend.
It was after four when Kat finally had time to call Christie.
“She took the books.”
“We wanted to do a thorough examination.  We could see the text, but we wanted to check the paper quality and how they did the bindings.  Did they do a whole book or just slip two pages into an old book?”
“And?”
Long pause.  “She lost the books.”
“What?”
“The books and scanner were heavy, so she put them through her checked luggage.  The luggage never arrived.”
“No one’s that stupid.”
“She’s new.”
“No one’s that stupid.”
“We’re checking with the airline.”
“When did you get that stupid?”
“We’re looking.”
“I trusted you.”  Kat hung up.
Kat walked in circles around the great room.  Sometimes she shouted “shit,” sometimes she screamed it, sometimes she just whispered it.  But “shit” was the word of the day.  She had called Christie stupid, but wasn’t she really the stupid one?  She had let a strange woman into her lodge, gave her the books, and left her alone all day.  No question, the stupid person in this scenario wasn’t Christie.  Kat did another circuit of the room, muttering “shit” with every step.
And of course things would get worse.  At some point she was going to have to walk up the lake road and tell Bethany what had happened.  Bethany, the woman smart enough not to trust NSA in the first place.  Bethany, the woman who should have known better than to trust Kat.  “Shit.”
Putting it off wasn’t going to make things easier.  Kat threw on a coat and started walking.  She mouthed “shit” about every third step.  The walk?  Maybe fifteen minutes.  Not nearly long enough.  Kat had absolutely no plan when she arrived at the Evans cabin.  She just marched up the path and knocked on the door.
“They stole the books.”  Mrs. Evans was standing near the door, shotgun in hand.  Bethany had been sitting inside reading.  Before she even got to the screen door, Kat made her announcement.  Bethany paused for a moment, then pushed past her mother and came out onto the tiny front porch.
“Explain.”
“I let a woman from the NSA come here with a scanner.  She was to scan the pages while we were out kayaking.  Instead she took the books while we were out.”
“So NSA has them now.”
“No.  Her luggage was stolen.  Someone else has the books now.”  Kat rushed through her explanation like racing through the words would race through the embarrassment.  But the embarrassment was still there.  She stood opposite Bethany, looking directly into her eyes, truly ashamed.  Bethany had nothing to say.  She stood looking at Kat.
“Thank you for telling me.”  She turned and went back into the cabin.  She closed the screen door, and then closed the front door.  
Kat stood on the porch looking at the closed doors.  Then she walked back to her lodge, mumbling “shit” every other step.



Chapter 19
Reinforcements

What do you do in stressful situations?  Fall back on routine.  Monday was laundry day.  Kat stripped all the beds, carried loads of sheets and towels down to the laundry area, and did what needed to be done.  While she waited for each load to cycle through, she went outside to hose off her kayaks and put them away for the season.  Several had big scratches from sliding over rocks, but none were punctured or dented.  She stood them along the back wall of the garage.  A simple task quickly done.
The day was sunny and warm as October days can be, even in Wisconsin.  But Kat wasn’t paying much attention.  She had messed up.  She had been trusted.  She had failed that trust.  Worse, there didn’t appear any way she could repair the damage.  Her relationship with Bethany was over.  Her connection to her project was over.  Kat would stay on her end of the lake.
Mrs. Evans still seemed to like Kat’s end of the lake.  Mid-morning she paddled across the lake, no better at controlling her canoe, and no better at fishing.  She anchored about twenty yards off shore in a spot Kat had never seen a fish.  Out came the pole, in went a bobber, and soon down went Mrs. Evans’ head.  Nap time.  Define crazy old lady.  Kat knew she was looking at one.  A woman who paddles a canoe with zero skill, to a place much farther from home than she should go, to fish for fish who aren’t there.  Probably the only reasonable thing she did was nap in the sun.  At least she seemed to do that well.
Kat went back in for another load of laundry.  Monday.  Sheets, towels, stairs, beds.  Simple.  She stayed at it all morning.  Even a woman too stupid to protect priceless books could manage laundry.  She also managed to make it through most of the morning without saying “shit” more than a dozen times.
Mid-afternoon she had the beds made and most of the towels washed and dried.  She was running out of things to keep her busy.  She heard a car drive up.  A young woman was already at Kat’s front door by the time Kat got down the stairs to greet her.  Rather than say anything, the woman handed Kat a phone.  She saw the face of Christie.
“I am sending you a peace offering.  Her name is Kaitlyn Tower.  She works security for us.  I am loaning her to you.”
Kat held the phone, looked at Christie, and looked at the woman.  Somewhat larger than average.  Maybe thirty, shorter blond hair.  Trim with slightly broader shoulders.  She was wearing a yellow cotton dress.  Simple, as if she were going to church.  Simple, but hiding a thicker middle and thicker thighs.  A disguise.  A flared skirt she could kick out from.  Short sleeves she could punch from.  Someone who worked security, but wanted to look as if she worked an office.  Her right hand rested on a shoulder bag.  Kat had no doubt what was in the bag.
“Tell me why I want a security guard.”  Kat talked to Christie’s image.
“There’s interest in the book.  There’s interest in the book repository.  Now there is likely interest in you.”
“I can take care of myself.”
“Yes, and you will try to take care of the Evans.  But 24/7 is a long shift for a guard or a friend.  Kaitlyn can cover when you can’t.”
“And who guards Kaitlyn?”
“If you don’t trust her, send her back to me.  But give her a good look first.  She’s yours if you want her.  Ninety day free home trial.”
“We’ll talk.”  Kat pressed the “off” image and handed the phone back to Kaitlyn.  The two women stared at each other.  Finally Kat pointed toward the glider.  She wasn’t ready to let the woman into her home yet.
As the two of them sat on the glider, Kat asked, “May I see your purse pistol?”
“You know I won’t hand over my weapon.”
“Okay.  You’re not stupid.  What else should I know about you?”
“Thirty one.  Six years Army.  One year in Monterey.  Arabic.  Two years in Iraq.  Green zone.  Listening to corrupt Iraqis talk with corrupt US suppliers.  Three years Fort Meade.  Arrived just after you left.  NSA hired me a few months ago.”
“Skills?”
“Back belt like you.  Small arms.”
“Combat?”
“Perimeter security.  Nothing heavy.”
“Okay.”  Kat was finished with the interview.  Kaitlyn wasn’t.
“They told me I should ask you about Afghanistan.”
“They told you wrong.  Wait here while I move a load of laundry.  Then we will take a walk.”  
Kat went back inside and moved a load of towels from the washer to the drier.  Towels took forever.  She had four more loads to go.  She folded the ones hot from the drier and took them upstairs to the first guest room.  She put them in the rack in the bathroom, taking her time as she slid them into place.  She needed to think.  Could she use help protecting Bethany and her mother?  Yes.  Did Bethany and her mother want her protection?  No.  Could Kaitlyn do the job?  Yes.  Could she be sure Kaitlyn was on her side?  No.  Shit.
She put on a pair of sneakers and went back out to Kaitlyn.
“Let’s walk.”  Kat started toward the lake road, letting Kaitlyn rush to catch up.
Kat assumed Kaitlyn had seen pictures of the lake and the area.  No need to describe the situation.  No real need to say anything.  She just walked.  Kaitlyn took the right edge of the road, Kat took the left.  Normal patrol position.  Both with an open field of fire.  Both falling back into old habits.  No questions from her.  No idle conversation.  Good pace.  Good stride.  Both maintaining a pace they could keep for hours.
But of course it was only fifteen minutes to the Evans property.  
They found the huge concrete slab Bethany had contracted.  Around it were a dozen men installing long poles.  An auger attached to the back of a tractor dug holes six or eight feet deep, then another piece of equipment raised twenty five foot poles and lowered their base into the holes.  Kat and Kaitlyn stood on the road and watched.  One of the men noticed them and walked over.
“That your place across the lake?”  Kat took one look at his smile and knew she was going to hear a sales pitch.  The guy was older than the guys raising the poles, and had been sitting in one of the trucks.  Everything about him said “Supervisor.”
“Yes.”  Kat faced the man, waiting for the sales pitch to begin.
“Nice place.”  First rule of sales.  Begin with a compliment.
“Thank you.”  First rule of customers.  Say as little as possible.
“I think you are going to like the looks of the building we will be putting up here.  Since we are already in the area, we could give you a substantial discount on a similar building.”
“I already have a very large garage.”
“Yes, and it is very attractive.  But I can see some equipment outside.  Winters are rough up here.  We could put up a basic pole barn in three days.  Get all your stuff under cover.”
“It took a week just to do the concrete work here.”
“Yes, and none of it was necessary.  See how deep we set the poles?  They’ll last forever.  We wrap the building in steel sheets.  If you want a concrete slab inside, we can do that, but lots of people just use gravel.  Some even leave it dirt.  All that matters is keeping the rain and snow off, right?”
“She’ll be storing books.”
“And our building will protect them.  No need for the concrete block walls she is ordering.”
“What?”
“After our building is up, she has a contractor putting up concrete block walls inside our walls.  There’s no need for that.  Our walls are steel.  Water proof.  Guaranteed for twenty five years.  Her books will be protected.  You won’t have to do any of that for your barn.  I can show you five other pole barns in this county, all of them up and dry and solid.  The technology is simple, fast, and very cheap.  I can give you a bid this afternoon if you like.”
“No thank you.”  Kat shook his hand, smiled, and started walking.  One business person to another.  Courtesy, but a definite “no.”
It was another hundred feet or so to the Evans’ cabin.  Kat stopped there, and pointed. 
“That’s their cabin.  Tiny to begin with.  One of the bedrooms is filled to the ceiling with encyclopedias and other books.”
“I’ve had apartments near Meade that are bigger.  I don’t care how full that bedroom is, there can’t be enough books in there to fill a corner of the warehouse they are building.”
“A warehouse with steel on the outside, concrete on the inside, a floor set below the frost line.  She said she wants to protect the books for a hundred years.”
“That’s stupid.”  Kaitlyn was looking at the cabin, then at the new warehouse, then back at the cabin.  “How old are these people?  None of this makes sense.  Want to preserve books?  Fine.  Scan them, put a million of them on a thumb drive, and put the thumb drive in a safe deposit box.  Twelve buck a month and you are good to go.”
“She says anything digital can be changed.”
“And paper burns.”
“And it can also be stolen.”  Kat pointed to the cabin.  “They had a break in a few nights ago.  Two books taken, one book added.  I assume Christie told you about that.”  Kaitlyn nodded.  “Now, look at the cabin.  Door closed.  Presumably locked.  Look like an impregnable fortress?”  Kaitlyn just smiled.  “Mrs. Evans carries a shotgun around all night, and has blasted at shadows.  Where is she during the day?  She paddles across the lake, puts a fishing line into the water, and then naps.”
“Diversion.”  Kaitlyn walked slowly up to the cabin, scanning the building and the trees around it.  “She wants people to break in.  Look.”  She pointed to two locations along the roofline, and one location in a tree.  “She’s monitoring the place.  She wants to see who her enemies are.”
“So, Ms. Tower.  Any idea what is going on here?”  Kat had stayed on the lake road and waited for Kaitlyn to return to her.
“Everything over here is FUBAR.”
“It’s FUBAR all right.  Beyond all recognition.  But it is our FUBAR to straighten out.  Oh, and while we do it, we need to watch for people who might be coming for us too.”  
Kat started walking.  Same pace.  Same positions, Kat on the left edge, Kaitlyn right.  The two of them finishing the circuit of the lake.  Easy strides.  Eyes scanning.  Moving exactly as they had back when there had been M16s hanging across their chests and nasty things waiting along the edge of the road.



Chapter 20
Kaitlyn Disappears

“How much do librarians get paid?”
They were in the kitchen sorting through the refrigerator, deciding which leftovers to microwave.  They found some marinated chicken breasts that looked pretty good, and boiled up some pasta to go with them.
“You’re wondering how she can afford a place on a lake?”  Kat was pouring off the boiled water and pouring noodles onto two places.  Kaitlyn had the chicken ready.  Kat was tempted to just sit at the kitchen table, but Kaitlyn was a guest, so she led the way into the dining room.
“For starters, yes.”
“If this were one of the more popular areas of Wisconsin, even a crappy cabin like hers would run two or three hundred thousand.  But Amberg is off the tourist map, and this lake is boring.  If she paid more than one fifty she was robbed.”
“Okay, let’s go with one fifty, then add the cost of the barn.  I checked on-line.  A steel barn that size goes for eighty thousand.  Now add the concrete floor, and the interior concrete walls the builder mentioned.  We have to be north of three hundred thousand, right?  By the way, this is really good chicken.”
They were sitting opposite each other at the end of the table.  Kat had opened a bottle of wine, but had not lit any candles.  They ate by the light of the antler chandelier.
“Lois does well for us.  Her sister Marie does some of our meals too, but she isn’t half the cook her sister is.”
“I looked up Evans’ salary in the Wausaukee budget directory.  Thirty eight thousand.”
“Salaries suck up here.  But she probably made much more back at her old job in Chicago.  She must have some saved.”
“Sure.  And her old mom must have some savings.  I get all that.”  Kaitlyn was one of those people who ate leaning over her food.  And she liked to gesture with her fork.  Mess hall manners.  Eat fast and say what you have to say.
“I am waiting for ‘but’.”
“But she has to not only pay for this current building project, but she just doubled her mortgage payments and her property taxes.  Then add insurance, and utilities. She will need climate control to protect those books.  Plus, she needs to buy those books.”
“She said she is getting old books the libraries are throwing out.”
“Some.  But I’ll bet she buys some too.”
“Okay, you have set up your argument.  Now give me your main premise.  You think she is getting financing.”
“Yes.”  
Kat waited for Kaitlyn to elaborate.  But she didn’t.  Kat was impressed.  The woman knew how to present a case.  Don’t over sell.  Let your listeners build your case for you.  Know when to wait.  Did she learn her technique at Fort Meade, or by listening to corrupt politicians in Baghdad?
“Kaitlyn, we’re never going to know this, but I assume she is not only getting financing, but she is also getting protection.  And probably from multiple sources.”
“CIA.  She made the Columbus Consulting Group fall conclave three years ago.”
“That doesn’t mean she worked for the CIA.  My brother made the CCG fall meeting five years ago.  They call in about thirty people to talk about threats the government should prepare for, back in the days before Trump.  My brother is a ground water professor.  You can guess what he was warning them about.  You can also guess what was done about it.”
“CCG passes on their conclusion to the CIA.”
“CCG passes on their conclusions to half of Washington.  And it’s not like Bethany’s work was unknown.  But let’s go back to your main point.  Is she getting help?  I am certain of it.  Start with how quickly you were put on a plane.  Lots of folks want to be sure that sometime in our future a fact is still a fact.  There will be life after Trump.”
“But someone is already corrupting her collection.”
“Yes.  That was an interesting move.  Very sophisticated.”  Kat had much more to say about that, but decided Kaitlyn was not the person to explore those ideas with.  She finished her dinner, decided against a second glass of wine, and spent the next half hour giving Kaitlyn a rough schedule for the week.  She had decided she would let Kaitlyn stay, at least for a few days.
Kaitlyn helped with the dishes, then spent some time moving things from her car into the room Kat had given her upstairs.  When Kat saw her again, she was dressed all in black, including jump boots and a black balaclava.  On her hip was a nine millimeter with a laser sight.  She nodded to Kat, then disappeared into the night.  Kat didn’t see her again for three days.



Chapter 21
Wausaukee

Bathroom day.  Tuesday.  Kat hated routine, but also appreciated it.  There was a rhythm to her week.  Each day had a purpose.  She had four days to prepare for her workshops.  Tuesday was bathroom day.  Wednesday would be vacuum day.  Thursday she would do her shopping.  Thursday she always did her shopping.  Except, well, maybe this week.  
Kat felt unsettled.  Kaitlyn had not come back.  Kat had checked her room.  No sign of her.  Bethany would not be coming back.  Kat had messed up.  No question.  She had messed up.  So, here she was, in a huge, empty lodge.  Eight bathrooms to clean.  She didn’t feel like cleaning any of them.  She felt like taking a drive.  
She didn’t really have a destination, but she did have a general direction.  First, around the lake.  Maybe she would spot Kaitlyn.  Maybe she would see how the book barn was coming.  It seemed to be in some sort of fast-forward mode.  Men weren’t actually running, but they were moving fast, and every step put more steel sheets on the walls of the barn.  Three walls were already up.  Forest green steel sheets maybe four by twelve.  Up they went against the poles, power tools then pounding then tight.  Raise up, pound, move on.  Two men moved the sheets.  Two men moved ladders.  Up, pound, move on.
Something new was out front – a pile of roof trusses and a fork lift.  Kat was tempted to sit and watch, but the manager was looking her way.  She got the van going again before he tried his sales pitch a second time.
Amberg came next.  The weekly wine order at the party store.  A conversation with Lois about the next workshop.  Eight women coming up for a fishing workshop.  Would Kaitlyn also be around?  Kat gave Lois a count of nine guests just in case.  They talked menu.  Well, Lois talked and Kat listened.  If the guests actually caught any fish, Lois would grill them.  She would also prepare a fish boil, bringing her own fish just in case.  Kat stood, nodded, thanked Lois, waved to Marie, and left.
Now what?  The only other business in Amberg was the bar, and it was closed until three, and Kat wouldn’t go there anyway.  So, Amberg was done.  What was left?  Wausaukee.  Why Wausaukee?  Kat couldn’t think of anyplace else to go.
Why not a ten a.m. cheeseburger?  Kat drove 141.  Most of the leaves were down.  Other times of the year there were great views from the highway, and even a turnout for viewing.  But now trees were just black sticks.  She could see farther in every direction, but there was less to see.  Kat parked at the scenic lookout anyway.  But she stayed in the van.  Five minutes later, acknowledging that she was just killing time, Kat restarted the van and finished the drive to Wausaukee.
She ignored the high school on her right as she approached town.  Silly looking place.  Half buried in an attempt to conserve energy.  She took a quick glance, saw Jim’s car in the lot, but paid the place no additional attention.  She decided she was on a mission.  A mission for a cheeseburger.
The Wausaukee café was near the other end of town, just before the bowling alley.  Large gravel lot.  Fairly full.  People went out for breakfast.  She parked at the far end, and went in looking for a table.  The best she could do was a small table near the rest rooms.  Sarah shuffled over and poured her a cup of coffee without asking.  Kat wanted a cheeseburger, but could see the grill would be full of eggs and pancakes.  So she just said “pancakes” as Sarah poured her coffee.
Small towns have a gathering place.  A watering hole.  The café was Wausaukee’s.  People gathered daily.  Ten or twelve men took a large table in the corner.  Older.  Mostly retired.  Men who had run businesses in town, or still did part time.  Several other tables had mixed couples.  They probably took the same tables and ordered the same food every day.  Kat had a routine.  They had a routine.  Small town.  Cheap breakfasts, lots of coffee, a chance to meet and greet and feel included.
Kat sipped her coffee.  No hurry.  She had absolutely no idea what came after her coffee and pancakes.  Probably bathrooms.
Sarah refilled her coffee and sat down next to her.  She sat at most of the tables.  From the look of her ankles, she probably should be sitting all day.  Sixty something.  Carrying more weight than her feet and ankles could handle, she would put in fourteen hours that day and every other day.  So she sat when she could.  And she sat because people liked it when she sat with them.
“If you’d rather have your usual cheeseburger, I’ll get that for you.”
“Thank you, but it would make a mess on your griddle.  Why put Claude through that?”
“You sure?”
“Yes.  But thanks for the offer.”
Sarah kept sitting, her coffee pot in her right hand, her left hand flat on the table, near Kat.
“Jim will come back to you.”  Sarah looked like everyone’s grandmother.  Gray hair pulled back from her face.  The face fleshy, but smiling.  She might be tired, she might have bad feet, but what you saw in that face was kindness.  Always.
“He seems happy with Meghan.”
“No.  She is telling all her friends she will get pregnant by him, and then he will marry her.  He probably would, too.  But people talk.  He knows what she is up to.”
“Jim’s boys are everything to him.”  If there was one thing Kat knew with absolute certainty, it was Jim’s attachment to his sons.  “He won’t start another family.  He is dedicated to his boys.”
“I agree.”  Sarah patted Kat’s hand.  “People who see them together know things aren’t right between them.  He will come back to you.”  Long pause while Sarah stared at Kat.  Kat looked back, but wondered how many others in the room were also looking at her.  Small town.  Not many secrets.  And Sarah’s final point.  “If you want him.”
Sarah didn’t wait for a response.  She smiled, struggled to her feet, and took her coffee pot to another table.  Kat sipped her coffee, ate her pancakes when they arrived, and tried not to look at faces around the room, several of which looked her way from time to time.  Small towns.  Kat did her best not to think about the question Sarah had posed.  Did she want him?  No answer.  Just a bit of irritation somewhere in the back of her mind.
Next stop.  Bathrooms?  No.  She was just a block or two from the library.  
Bethany’s desk had moved.  And now there were three tables with computers on them.  Kat stood inside the door and looked.  Bethany stared at her computer, but eventually looked up.  And smiled.  Not a huge “happy to see you” smile.  And not a fake “welcome to my store customer” smile.  Mostly the half curious, half cynical smile she normally saw on Bethany’s face, but maybe a shade of warmth added in.  Maybe.
“You have computers now.”
“Computers are easy.  Internet connections are hard.  I found some state money, and the board found some budget dollars, and the local ISP pirates pretended to give us a discount, and suddenly we had optical fiber trenched to our door.”
“Congratulations.”
“No, I used to be a library.  Now I am homework central.  They even changed my work hours.  Now I am on eleven to eight.  Retirees getting books eleven to three, then kids getting Wikipedia and Khan Academy three to eight.  You should hear the noise in here.”
“It’s a poor part of a poor county, Bethany.  No computers at home, no cable outside of town.  If they have a dish, they use it for TV, not the Internet.  You are doing a good thing for these kids.”
“I smile, try to keep them under control, and go through Tylenol by the bucket.”
“You know computers, Bethany.  You are perfect for this.”
“Yes.”  The same smile.  Half cynical, maybe now more than half curious.  Kat’s turn.
“Obviously I’m here to apologize.  Again.”
Bethany just nodded.  Same smile.
“And to compliment you on your book barn.  I like the color.”
Another nod.  Same smile.
“It’s coming along fast.”
Same nod.  Same smile.
“I’d love to cook dinner for you some night.”
“I’d like that too.”  Bigger smile.
Kat decided to leave it there.  She waved and backed out the door.  Time to work on the bathrooms.



Chapter 22
Strange Bill

The mail had arrived by the time Kat got back to the lodge.  Kat had the standard gray metal box at the end of her drive.  Four or five items arrived every day.  If you run a business, you get sales pitches.  A flag pole for the front of the lodge.  An “improved” credit card available to enhance her business processes.  A new book on managing social media.  
Kat took the pile into her office and threw all out without opening.  Except her phone bill.  Like every other vendor, they wanted her to switch to automatic bill pay – to “save postage” and “go green.”  Wouldn’t it be convenient if money just came from her bank account “without effort?”  
No.  Kat wanted to see what she was paying for before she paid it.  And if that meant actually writing out a check and putting it in an envelope, she was willing to accept “the inconvenience.”  Her phone bill was always an annoyance.  The guy who had built the lodge had paid for a line to be run out to the lodge, and he had agreed to a large data package to support wi-fi throughout the lodge.  After all, he would be entertaining millionaire fishermen.  They would want access back to their corporate headquarters.  The millionaires had never shown up.  
But Kat was stuck for the ongoing costs of the line and the wi-fi system.  And she had kept a large data bundle since she would be entertaining a dozen or so guests many weekends.  It wasn’t just convenience.  They may not be texting back to corporate headquarters, but they could be texting images back to friends and family.  Kat was constantly being harassed by “influencers” who would extoll the virtues of her business in exchange for a free weekend and some cash.  Just the idea of sharing her lodge with someone arrogant enough to label themselves an “influencer” gave Kat a bad taste.  Besides, Kat was convinced the best way to influence future business was to have current customers share the pictures of their great weekends.
So her phone bills were big.  A monthly irritation.  This month there was more than the usual irritation.  She had gone three gigabytes over her bundle size.  Three gigs!  In the three plus years she had run her business, she had never gone over her bundle limit before.  Not once.  Now she was three gigabytes over, at a cost of ninety dollars.
She sat back in her chair and tried to think of how that could have happened.  Video?  Sometimes guests took video and sent it on, but phones had their own limits, so it was not likely that anyone had taken hours of videos and then spent an evening uploading them.  She simply did not remember anyone having a phone or camera in their hands that long.
So she called.  Like anyone calling a “customer service” number, she was sure the last thing she would get was service.  And she did have to follow a phone tree, hoping she would eventually get to a number for “I want to bitch about my bill.”  It took three numbers on a decision tree, and ten or fifteen minutes of strange music, but eventually she got Evelyn on the line.  Lots of questions – phone number, address, account owner, proof she was the person who owned the account.  Maybe it was security.  Maybe it was just an effort to wear her down.  Eventually Evelyn was ready to talk.
“How may I help you?”
“My bill is showing a three gig overage.  I never go over.  I think there is an error.”
“Let me bring up your usage record.”  Pause.  Fortunately (from Kat’s perspective), no more music.  “I see your usage jumping September 24th, and continuing at that higher rate every day since.  Including today.”
“That can’t be.  My business is empty.”
“What if I send you an email with a download of this usage information?  I think you will see the usage spike for yourself.  Is there anything else I can do to help you?”
“There has to be a mistake.”
“Would you stay on the line for a quick survey?  We are always looking to improve our customer service.”  She was off the air.  An automated survey started.  Kat hung up.
She turned on her computer to look at the email.  Somehow she thought the bigger screen on her computer would make the mistake easier to see.  It didn’t.  The data usage was presented as a bar chart.  Big screen, big bars.  Little bar September 23rd.  Big bar every day since.  It was only the first week of October, and she was already over her limit for the month.  How?
Hacker running data through her system?  She ran her security software on both her computer and her phone.  No threats.  She checked to see if she had missed an update on her operating system or her security software.  No.  Everything was current.  She ran the security software again.  Same result.
She searched though the lodge.  Had someone left a phone behind, a phone that was broadcasting video from some wastebasket or from under some bed?  It was a big lodge, but she cleaned it thoroughly after each weekend.  She cleaned it again.  She pushed the vacuum cleaner into corners she had already vacuumed.  She mopped and dusted.  Every cabinet, every drawer, every closet, every corner.  Nothing.
She turned off the wi-fi router and rebooted the system.  Maybe the problem was technical.  But everything came back up as it should.  If the problem was her equipment, she couldn’t see it.
Next step?  She had used a tech support company in Green Bay once before when her router had failed.  She called.  They put her in their service queue.  Maybe Monday.  Tuesday for sure.  They reminded her that service calls were priced by distance from Green Bay.  She gritted her teeth and agreed.
As it turned out, she solved the problem herself on Saturday.



Chapter 23
Wrapped in a Blanket

Wednesday night Kat was in bed and sound asleep.  She still hadn’t found where her phone system might be screwed up, but the lodge was cleaner than it ever had been.  She had done all she could do.  Maybe she would spot something when her guests were in their rooms Friday.  Maybe she would just have to wait a few more days for tech support.  In the meantime, she would wait.  If you learned anything from twenty years in the Army, it was how to wait.
There was a car coming up her driveway.  Another skill from Army days.  She could sleep, and listen.  She heard the car, rolled onto her back so both ears were free, and she listened.  Volvo.  Engine noise and tire noise.  Volvo.  Bethany.  She heard the car door close and her front door open.  A pause just inside the door while she took off her shoes.  Kat heard each drop onto the flagstone flooring.  Quiet steps down the hall and into her bedroom.
Bethany stood beside the bed, looking at Kat.  The room held a large LED clock.  Not much light, but enough to see Bethany’s smile.  And to see her undress, her librarian’s white blouse and black skirt both dropped to the floor, her underwear soon to follow.  Long pause, bigger smile.  Then a step over to Kat’s dresser.  She remembered the drawer with the satin nightgowns.  She slid one over her head, and took a second one to hand to Kat.  Kat sat up to take off the long t-shirt she normally wore, and pull on the red nightgown Bethany gave her.  Bethany stood beside the bed, waiting.  Kat pulled her duvet down, the invitation Bethany apparently required.  Bethany slid under the covers and climbed onto Kat, arms around her neck, knees between her knees.  Somehow she managed to maintain her smile as she leaned down to kiss Kat.  She held Kat all night.
They didn’t talk until the next morning.  They made their usual oatmeal, took their bowls out to the glider, wrapped themselves in a blanket, and huddled together.  It was cold.  The sun barely up.  Mist rising from the lake.  They held the blanket tight around them with one hand, spooning oatmeal with the other.  They both finished the oatmeal quickly and used the newly free hand to pull more blanket over them.
“I like holding you at night, but somehow this is even better.”  They both had their bare feet pulled up tightly under them, their shoulders, hips, and thighs pressed together.  Bethany made no reply, but she slid a hand along Kat’s thigh.
“Your mother goes fishing right over there.”  Kat motioned in the general direction of the lake, her hands still in the blanket.  “All day, every day.”
“Good.  It gives her something to do.”
“Mostly she naps.  She paddles all the way over here, anchors, puts out a line, and then naps.”
“She’s almost eighty.  Paddling this far must make her tired.”
“But why does she even come to this end of the lake?  Trust me, the fishing is better at your end.”
“She doesn’t know that.”
“She could ask.”
“She won’t.  She is one independent woman.  Give her time.  She’ll figure out where the fish are.”
“I guess.”
“Do you want to talk about fishing?”  While she asked, Bethany pushed a leg across Kat and straddled her.  She let go of the blanket and wrapped both arms around Kat’s neck, pushing Kat’s head back onto her forearms and the top of the glider.  Kat moved her own legs into a more comfortable position and wrapped the blanket around both of them.
“I already know what you want to talk about.”
“Oh?”
“You heard about Jim and the latest with his new bartender.”
“And…”
“What do you think?  He arrived the instant the new girl turned out to be a mistake.  He wore his best suit, and brought me a box of chocolates with a big ribbon on it.  He begged me to forgive him.  He promised to carry me off to Crivitz for a night of passion.”
“Crivitz?  This is where people go for passion?”
“They have pretty good fishing, but not much passion.  Not that it matters.  He has yet to show his face.  I’m betting they will work something out.  She’s young and not bad looking, and he needs a bartender.”
“He’ll come to you.  And when he does?”  Bethany held her face over Kat’s.  She was studying Kat, but Kat could also study her.  Anxiety?  Not that Kat could see.  Passion?  Maybe.  She certainly was warm against Kat’s hips.
“Bethany, what do you want from me?”
“I want more mornings like this.”
“I guess I do too.  Let’s just leave it at that.”
They spent the next fifteen or twenty minutes tight against each other, Kat tightening the blanket around them, Bethany holding Kat’s head in her arms and pressing her lips against her.
They were still in that position when Kat saw Kaitlyn appear from between two trees.  She stood, made sure Kat saw her, then disappeared again.  Kat did nothing for several more minutes, then suggested they go in and take a warm shower.  Half an hour later, Bethany was dressed in her librarian clothes, and out to her Volvo.  Kat had pulled on a sundress and a sweater, and walked Bethany to her car.
“Kat, I’m better for you than he is.”
“This isn’t a competition.”
“Of course it is.  Do you have any idea how few single women are up here?”
“There’s also a shortage of men.”
“Kat, forget him.  You have me.”
“Do I?”  Kat was standing with her arms around Bethany’s waist.  Bethany had one hand behind Kat’s head, and one on her ass.  She pulled Kat tight against her.
“I’ll be back.  Maybe flowers, maybe chocolates.  Maybe just me in the middle of the night.  But I’ll be back.”  She leaned into Kat and kissed her, pressing her head back as she did.  She held her in that position.  “This is where you tell me you want that.”
“Yes, I want that.”  Bethany kissed her again and got into her car.  Kat stood barefoot in the drive and watched her disappear around the bend in the road.
Kaitlyn?  Kat turned toward the trees on the edge of the lake.  Kaitlyn stepped out where Kat could see her.  She pulled her black balaclava off her face and slowly walked to Kat.  When she got within arm’s reach, she wrapped a hand around the back of Kat’s head, reached up to kiss her, then walked past her to the lodge. 



Chapter 24
A Long Report

It was over an hour before Kat saw Kaitlyn again.  She heard her running the shower up in her room, and she saw her moving quickly into the kitchen.  She noticed she was wearing her yellow dress again.  Kat decided she would stay with her sundress, even as she worked around in the garage, checking the fishing poles and spinning reels they would use over the weekend.  The next time she walked into the lodge, she saw Kaitlyn sitting in the great room, a sandwich in hand, a large glass of lemonade on an end table beside her.  Kaitlyn patted the seat next to her.
“Three nights in the woods.  You look like you handled it pretty well.”
Kaitlyn just nodded in reply.  She had a mouth full of sandwich.
“I assume you have quite a story to tell.”  Kat joined Kaitlyn on the leather sofa.  She waited for Kaitlyn to finish her sandwich.  Kat was honestly impressed with how well Kaitlyn looked.  There was a healthy glow in her cheeks.  Her hair was combed back from her face and fell to her shoulders in gentle curls.  But her eyes were most impressive.  Three nights in the woods.  Her eyes should be half closed with fatigue, bags sagging deep beneath.  But her blue eyes were wide, alert, smiling.  Like she had spent the last three days on vacation.
“Last fall I spent a number of weekends hiking the Appalachian Trail.  This felt a lot like that.”
“Out in the cold, sleeping on the ground?”
“I had the gear for it.  And it wasn’t that cold.”
“And what did you see?”
Kaitlyn lifted a piece of paper from the end table and unfolded it.  Her expression changed as she showed it to Kat.  
“We have some work to do.”
It was a map of the area.  Basically a county map that had been blown up.  It showed a two mile radius around Kat’s lodge.  Kaitlyn had markings all over it.  Kat recognized most of them.  Elevations, foot paths, logging roads.
“These logging roads could bring people right up to the back of your lodge.  They would be on you before you knew what hit you.  They have to be blocked.  We need to limit their access to the lake road.”
“You’re looking at the wrong end of the lake.”  Kat pointed to the south end and the two cabins marked on the map.  “That’s where the trouble will be.”
“Kat, I’m not here for them.  I am here to protect you.”
Kat looked from the map to Kaitlyn and back again.  
“I think you need to explain this.”
“You understand this far better than I do.”  Kaitlyn dropped the map onto her lap.  She took Kat’s hand.  “They will come for you.  You know that.  You have connected yourself to the project.  You have connected yourself to Bethany.  You have to go too.”
“Because of old books in a barn.”
“Yes.”
“Assume you are right.  They have plenty of opportunity to just burn the cabin while the women are away.”
“The women will just get more books.”
“So the women…”
“Yes.”
“You’re sure.”
“I saw one of their men two nights ago.”  She picked up the map and pointed to a location south of the two cabins.  “Basic infiltrate, study, leave.  He had night vision.  Noisy in the woods, but he kept his distance from the cabins.  They never saw him or heard him.”
“Where did he come from?”
“This abandoned farm to the south.”  She pointed off the bottom of the map.
“And you think he will kill them?”
“As soon as his bosses get done arguing among themselves.  You can bet there are people who support the women – the ones writing the checks for this book barn.  And there are those who want to use them, and those who want to end them, and probably twenty other groups.  If I learned anything sitting in those meetings in Baghdad, if Washington is involved, there aren’t two sides to the story, there are twenty.  And all twenty have task forces meeting on ‘contingencies.’  Christie sent me because she thinks she knows how the meetings will go.”
“I assume you have a plan.”
“I have a plan.  You have a chainsaw.  After dark tonight I am going to protect our back.”
“The logging roads?”
“Yes.”
“You need your rest.  And I know the roads.  I’ll take care of it.”
“It’s my job.”
“It’s my chainsaw.  Report in to Christie, and then get some rest.”
Kat hurried back to her room and changed into jeans and several layers of shirts and sweaters.  It would be cold when she walked, plenty warm when she started taking down trees.



Chapter 25
Trees

Chainsaws are heavy, but they aren’t all you need.  Kat lugged a gallon of chain oil to lubricate the cutting chain, and a gallon of two cycle gas.  Twenty pounds.  She tied a rope over their handles, and then hung the rope over her shoulder.  One hand steadied the rope, one hand carried the saw.  She was sweating bullets before she even got to the logging roads.
She hadn’t waited for dark.  She had a mile or more to go.  Each logging road had a bend about a mile from her lodge.  She would build her barriers there.  Far enough up the road to make approaching her difficult, yet close enough that she could hear anyone using saws to dismantle her barrier.
Kat’s plan was to make a mess, but to not die in the process.  She was able to find a stand of jack pines on each road.  Ugly trees.  No loss.  But space was tight.  Most loggers are killed when they cut a tree, but it gets hung up on another tree as it falls.  The logger cuts another tree, hoping to bring both down, but the first tree breaks free on its own and crushes the logger.  Bad way to die.  
Kat’s response was to use care, especially with the first tree.  She took one on the edge of the road.  About ten or twelve inches in diameter, maybe forty feet tall.  Spindly branches in every direction.  Ugly.  She felt no guilt slicing into it with her chainsaw.  The first cut was to indicate the direction she wanted it to fall - up the road at an angle.  Basically, she would put it where there was space for it.   She cut in about six inches, then pulled out the saw and went to the opposite side.  With luck, all she had to do was cut straight through to the first cut, and the tree would fall where she wanted.  With luck, and no wind.  With about an inch to go before the tree was severed, she could hear it crack as it leaned into the first cut.  She braced her feet, ready to pull the saw as the tree leaned.  One more crack, and she yanked the saw free and backed off about ten feet.  The other way loggers are killed – the tree starts to fall, but the base bounces up or out and catches the logger standing too close.  She gave it plenty of room.
It’s funny how much noise trees make as they fall.  There is the crushing and snapping of limbs as the tree slides against others in the area, the slide down, and then the crushing and bouncing as it hits the ground.  The ground always shakes.  Kat stood with her saw and watched her first tree angle across the road, slide down against the pines on the other side, and finally land with a cloud of pine needles and branches exploding as the tree hit the earth.  One down.  Placement pretty good.  The road was already blocked.
Next.  The first tree left a hole in the pine grove.  Space for the next tree to fall through, and the next.  She took down six in all.  Six ugly jack pines with branches sticking out like needles in every direction.  The pile had to be eight feet high.  No truck was getting through that.
Come spring, or whenever things went back to normal, she would come back out and clean up her mess.  Cut into hundred inch lengths, pine had some value.  She would trim the branches, cut the trunks to length, and leave it piled alongside the road.  A gift, and an apology, to whoever owned the woodlot.
On to the second logging road.  A mile back down this road, half a mile along the lake road, then a mile up the second logging road.  The saw seemed to gain weight with every step.  She found another stand of jack pine, maybe less than a full mile up the road, but far enough up to disrupt any effort to approach her lodge.  She took another half dozen trees.  One caught a pine across the road, and the base kicked out straight to where Kat had been standing a minute before.  It would have caught her in the chest if she had still been there.  Logging.  Not for the weak or the slow.
When she had the sixth tree down, she put the saw on the ground and caught her breath.  Young men, just out of Wausaukee High, logged all day every day.  The small of her back was crying out, and her arms felt like they were lead encased.  Maybe young guys could do it all day.  She couldn’t.  She sat on a stump and let the sweat dry on her forehead.
Another mess she’d have to clean up when this was over.  Whatever “this” was.  Would some bunch really take a truck down one of these roads to get at her?  Kaitlyn felt sure of it.  Or at least she said she felt sure.  
Trust.  She trusted Christie, who said the books had been stolen.  Who sent Kaitlyn.  Who said there were bad guys on the prowl.  Kat wiped the sweat from her face and looked at the mess she had made.  The sun was setting.  The pile would be invisible in the dark.  Unseen until a driver came around a curve and suddenly had the crown of a jack pine pressed against his windshield and his radiator.  Hopefully not a good guy.  This wasn’t Iraq or Afghanistan.  This wasn’t a war zone.  At least it hadn’t been up until now.  
She was responsible for whatever happened on this logging road.  She had made the road safe for her, and unsafe for anyone else.  Part of her wanted to restart her saw and undo what she had done.  But if Kaitlyn was right, the mess she had made would protect her and help protect the Evans’.  If Kaitlyn was right.  If Kaitlyn was telling the truth.  If Christie was still a friend.
Kat picked up the saw and the oil and gas cans and started back to her lodge.  The temperature dropped quickly now that the sun was down.  The sweat that had soaked her shirt now chilled her back.  It felt like a long walk home.



Chapter 26
A Long Lecture on Encyclopedias

Kat left the hall light on when she went to bed.  She thought Bethany might join her.  She had worn a satin nightgown.  Her shoulders were cold, but it seemed the right thing to wear.  Why not be attractive?  She was just starting to drop off to sleep when she was aware of someone standing next to her bed.  Not Bethany.  Kaitlyn.  Kaitlyn in a red satin nightgown that didn’t make it very far down her thighs.  She stood, waiting for Kat to wake.  Kat rolled closer.  It wasn’t just the nightgown.  Kaitlin had worked on her hair.  There seemed to be more of it, spread over her shoulders and partly across her face.  She hadn’t come to talk about logging roads.
“You should wait for an invitation.”
“Women don’t wait by the phone anymore.”  Kaitlyn lifted the blanket and slid into bed.
“And if I said ‘no’?”
“You’ve been saying ‘yes’ since you first saw me.”
Kaitlyn had already pushed Kat onto her back and slid on top of her.  She wrapped her arms around Kat’s head, one arm behind her neck, holding Kaitlyn to her, her other hand at the side of Kat’s face, entwined in her hair.  It occurred to Kat if Kaitlyn was going to snap her neck, she was perfectly positioned for it.  
Kaitlyn lowered her mouth onto Kat, kissed her, and held the kiss while she arranged the rest of her body across Kat, a thigh between Kat’s, her hips and breasts centered on Kat’s.  She paused while Kat spread her legs and brought her hands onto Kaitlyn’s ass.  It was as if she was waiting for Kat’s assent.  Once she had it, she began moving.
The motion was slow.  A press with her thigh, then her hips, then her breasts, a deeper kiss, and then her hand sliding up Kat’s hair.  She finished the move, paused, and then repeated it.  Each time was a little slower, a little deeper.  By the third time, both Kat and Kaitlyn were breathing in sync with the flow of Kaitlyn’s body.  Inhale as she moved up, exhale as she moved back down to start again.  Inhale, exhale, their mouths opening as Kaitlyn rose up on Kat.
Kaitlyn was warm.  And soft.  Kat thought she felt a bit like the warm waves of a lake riding up her as she lay on a beach, the sun above, the water all around her, rising to her chest, then sliding back.  It felt as good as anything she had ever felt.  And it went on and on.  Kat felt herself pulling Kaitlyn tighter against her.  
“Glad I’m here?”  Kaitlyn held her face just above Kat’s.  She was demanding a reaction.
“Yes, I’m glad you are with me.”
There came a time when they both stopped breathing and grasped each other tightly.  Then that passed, but Kaitlyn stayed on Kat, her face now buried in Kat’s neck while her hand still slid through Kat’s hair. 
They spent the night like that.  Tight together.  Kaitlyn on Kat.  Kaitlyn’s hands always holding Kat’s head, or curled up in her hair.  She wanted possession of Kat, and she took it.  Several times they talked.  Just a few words.  Feelings.  Pleasures.  Kind words.  Then they slept again.  Holding each other.
When the sun came up they woke, not because the sun shone in their window, but because a shadow fell across their bed.  Bethany.  She stood directly in front of the window, so looking at her was almost painful.  There was a blaze of morning sun all around her.  Kat could tell it was her.  She was dressed for work.  Her librarian white blouse and black skirt.  Her hair pulled back, the gray strands looking white in the sunshine.
Kat was aware that Kaitlyn had turned her head to look, but had not moved off Kat, nor had she moved her arms that continued to hold Kat’s head, her possession of Kat complete and obvious.  Kat wondered if Bethany would leave.  But the woman held her place.  She stood, her head up, her hands at her side, positioned like she might stand there for hours.
It was Bethany who finally broke the silence.
“I have something to show you.”
It was clear who the “you” was, and who the “you” wasn’t.  Time for Kat to respond.  She started with her hands, sliding them off Kaitlyn’s ass, and down to her hips.  She wasn’t pushing Kaitlyn up and away – not yet – but she also no longer holding her.  Kaitlyn was pretty good about it.  She lifted her head, looked down at Kat, and smiled.  She waited until she was sure she had Kat’s complete attention before kissing her and then sliding out of bed.  She stood, looked at Bethany, and played a bit with the skirt of her night gown, sliding it so it was straight, but really just so she was where Bethany could look at her, see her, and know how attractive she was.  It was a petty move.  A taunt at a rival.  But she held it while she looked at Bethany, moved her skirt one more time, then turned to leave.  She gave Kat one more smile as she left.
“Predictable, Kat.  Predictable.”  Bethany continued to stand with the sun behind her.  Annoying.  Kat couldn’t see the expression on her face, but her voice was clear – and smug.
Kat moved her duvet, wondering if Bethany would climb into bed with her.  She didn’t.  She stood in the sun, looked at Kat, and waited.
“What do you have to show me?”  Kat hadn’t moved yet.  She lay with her head on the pillow and looked up at Bethany. She slid her head a bit to one side so less of the morning sun was shining in her face.
“A special set of encyclopedias.”
“And I need to see them right now?”
“Yes.”
Kat held her position, but she was becoming more aware of Bethany’s stare.  One of Kat’s nightgown straps was well down over her shoulder, and she knew her hair was everywhere.  She looked like a woman who had enjoyed a full night.  She pulled her strap up over her shoulder and sat up in bed.  She gave Bethany one more chance to join her, but slid out of bed when it was obvious Bethany wasn’t going to move.
Her bedroom wasn’t very big.  She could pull underwear from her dresser and dress in her bathroom, or she could get dressed with Bethany standing right next to her.  She close the latter.  She stepped to her dresser, dropped her nightgown to the floor, and pulled on panties.  She had her bra nearly on when Bethany moved behind her and took over putting hooks in eyes.  And then she wrapped her fist around the back of the bra and pulled Kat back against her.
“I’m not very good at sharing.”
“We’re not a couple, Bethany.”  Kat had her head turned as far as it would go.  Bethany stayed directly behind her, her grip on the bra tight.
“I think we are.  Or at least close.”  Her other arm was now around Kat’s waist, pulling her tighter back against Bethany’s hips.
“Yes.  Close.”  Kat reach back and took Bethany’s hand from her bra.  She held it, then slowly lowered it and wrapped it around her waist with the other arm.  She leaned her head back on Bethany’s shoulder.  They stood together.
“I want you to see this encyclopedia.”  There was excitement in her words.  Kat struggled not to laugh.  Two lovers together at dawn.  Off to see a set of encyclopedias.  How was it librarians ever found anyone?
“Can I finish getting dressed?”
“Yes, but wear a dress.  This is an occasion.”
Kat turned, gave Bethany a quick kiss, and then strode to her closet.  October.  Late for dresses.  But she pulled out a sun dress in fall colors.  She let Bethany do her zipper.
“I can’t stay long.  I have guests coming this afternoon.  Fishing weekend.”
“And I need to get to the library, but I wanted you to see this.”
She practically pushed Kat to her car, and then quickly drove her Volvo around the lake.  There were already workmen in and around the book barn.  Bethany ignored them, and raced into her cabin the minute she had her car parked.  Kat followed behind, paying attention to the dirt path that led from the graveled parking area to the cabin.  There were tree roots and rocks she needed to avoid.  She took her time.  Bethany hadn’t.  She stood at the door, impatient for Kat to follow inside.
“There.”  The cabin faced south, so it was getting a full dose of the morning’s sun.  The far wall now held a bookcase, brightly lit by the sun coming through the front windows.  Not quite a spotlight, but clearly the book shelf had been placed where lighting would emphasize its contents.  Around it were boxes of books, the boxes stacked onto each other, one near the bottom showing a split along one corner.  It was just days from splitting entirely and pouring an avalanche of books across the tiny room.  
No matter.  Bethany walked past the boxes and pointed to a row of books on the third shelf of a very old book case.  Kat’s first thought was – something else to fall down any day now.  What was Bethany pointing to?  Kat stood closer.  A row of matching volumes.  Brown.  Smaller than the other encyclopedias.  About the same size as bound novels.  And about as thick.  So far, Kat couldn’t say she was impressed. 
But Bethany’s mother certainly was.  She was standing at the side of the bookcase - beaming.  She looked like she might have been standing next to her kitchen table ecstatic for how her apple pie had looked coming out of the oven.  Or maybe how some new embroidery looked.  Or ready to tell some story about a cute thing her cat had done.  Except there was no kitchen table, or embroidery, or cat.  There was just this really old lady who normally walked around the place carrying a shotgun.  A shotgun that was too big for her and looked like it might go off on its own whenever she dropped it – and it was just a matter of time before she did.
Somehow, this morning she looked taller and stood straighter.  And her eyes were clearer.  She had to be pushing eighty, subject to all the things time did to women’s bones, but she stood tall, patiently waiting for Kat to see the marvel that waited on the dusty old bookcase.  It was going to take some patience.  Kat wasn’t getting it.  She saw a row of old books, no different than the stacks and stacks of old books all around the room.  
“It’s a Funk and Wagnalls.  1955.” Bethany was still pointing with one hand.  Now she had provided a name.  The name meant nothing to Kat.
“Oh.”  She tried to think of something more to say.  “They seem to be in pretty good shape.”  She was lying.  The covers had faded in sixty years of sun, and she thought she detected a slight odor of mildew.
“Show her.”  Bethany was talking to her mother.  Lois pulled the first book from the row and opened the cover.  She held it near Kat’s face.  Kat just saw the white inside.  A few pencil marks had been partially erased, and there was a small red price tag glued to the first page.  Nothing special.  Kat was actually more impressed by the job Lois did holding the book.  Her hands were stable.  No shaking.  There appeared to be real strength in the fingers that held the front cover open.
“I can’t quite read the pencil marks.  Famous owner?”
“No.”  It was clear from her voice, Lois was losing patience.  Happy lady was reverting to grumpy lady.  “It’s the tag.”  She pushed the open book even closer to Kat’s face.
Kat saw a small square of red plastic.  Adhesive.  It looked like the price tags stores had used back before UPC codes and automatic scanning.  This one said “.99”.
“They sold the book for ninety nine cents?  Pretty good deal.”  She was trying to be nice, but she was already mentally adjusting for inflation.  1955.  A buck then was worth what – about six bucks now?  Was that a good price for an abbreviated version of an encyclopedia?  Maybe.  Maybe not.
“It was a buck a week.”  Lois closed the book and handed it to Kat.  She paused and gathered her breath.  Kat knew a lecture was coming her way.  She held the book in both hands and waited.  Maybe it would be a short lecture, and she would be able to get home for breakfast.
“1955.  Ten years after the war.  Soldiers were home, were married, were moving into two bedroom houses being built by the millions.  America was settling into the shape it pretty much has today.  We didn’t have malls yet, but we had newer, bigger grocery stores not too different from current groceries.”
“You were how old?”  Kat was trying to show some interest.  But if there was a good question to ask about grocery stores, she couldn’t think of what it might be.
“Ten.  Dad had been stationed stateside.  He got leave Christmas of 44.  I arrived in August 45.”
“Oh.”  Kat couldn’t think of a follow up question, and Lois seemed to be stalled by the interruption.  There was a pause while Lois worked out how to restart her story.  Kat promised herself not to interrupt again.
“Most men were paid by the week.  Friday.  That’s when people did their grocery shopping.  Big day for grocery stores.  Bigger if you could get people to come to your store.  Some genius picked encyclopedias.  One a week.  Each ninety nine cents.  Get A this week.  Make sure you come back next week for B.  And it worked.  Once people got started, they wanted to finish.”
“So this was one of those books.  A nice piece of history.”  Kat was only feigning enthusiasm, but it seemed the right thing to do.  She even smiled.
“There’s more to the story.”
“Oh.”  Kat promised herself her mouth would not open again until she was absolutely certain Lois was done.
“There were twenty five volumes in the set.  So twenty five weeks.  But the real question is – why encyclopedias?  Why not kitchen ware?  A new spoon or glass each week?  Every family in America was filling their home.  Feathering their nest as the children arrived.  Why encyclopedias?”
“For the kids?”
“No, for themselves.  Education had stopped in America.  The Depression, and then the war.  My dad never finished high school.  Women out numbered men three to one by their senior year.  But men got jobs after the war, and there were things they needed to know.  They taught themselves.  But men are proud.  They want you to know they know.  So these sets went in every living room in America.  Visible.  And the sets went all the way to Z.”
“Very interesting.”  Kat smiled at Lois, then looked over at Bethany for a sign the lecture was over.  Bethany had brought her.  Bethany would tell her when it was time to go.  At the moment, Bethany was smiling and shaking her head.
“I get it, Kat.  You are thinking Wikipedia.”
“No, they did the best they could with the technology of the time, but yes, Wikipedia is a vastly superior source now.”
“Yes, Wikipedia is a marvel.”  Lois wanted the floor again.  “If it survives corruption, we will all be better for it.  Except for one thing.  Pride.  When you walked into those living rooms in the 50s and 60s, and saw that row of books – often the only books on the shelf – you saw pride.  This was a family that knew some things.  A family that wanted to learn more things.  And they were proud of themselves.  Proud enough to put ninety nine cent books in a place for all to see.”  
She took the book for Kat’s hands and put it back on the shelf.  She was done.  She turned and walked through the boxes of books back to her bedroom.  Somehow Kat felt she had just failed an oral exam.  Lois wouldn’t be wasting any more lectures on her.
“Was it hard to find this set?”  Kat was hoping Bethany didn’t find her questions as stupid.
“No.  Forty bucks on eBay.  But the year is important.  It is an interesting element of history – and of human nature.”
“Yes.”  Kat was out of questions.  Bethany was pretty good about it.  She led Kat back to the car and had her back to her lodge in a minute or two.
“New group today?”  Kat knew Bethany was just trying to show interest.  She kept her answer short.
“Fishing weekend.”
“Good luck.”  
Bethany was gone before Kat had taken two steps toward her lodge.  It occurred to Kat she and Bethany were about as different as different can be.  Fish at this end of the lake.  Old books at the other end.  Not your natural pairing.



Chapter 27
Fishing Weekend

The point of Kat’s weekends was to give women an outdoor experience.  What gave her success over similar businesses is she made no effort to copy men’s activities.  Yes, sometimes there was overlap between the way men would handle an activity and the way she did it, but she always found a way to make her weekends especially attractive to women.  Fishing weekend was an example.  They would use the same equipment as men, and land the same fish, but she knew how to make the activity special for women.
That started when they arrived Friday afternoon.  The bar was open and they quickly went through half a case of white wine.  Dress was casual (Kat had switched to jeans); mixing seemed to come easily.  Kat gave them a quick tour of the lodge, they stood on the shore and watched the sunset, wine glasses in hand.  Kat was quick with a smile and a short conversation with any woman who seemed left out.
She also had effective ice breakers.  They took dinner in the formal dining room complete with candles and wall sconces set on low.  It was a beautiful room and a special meal.  By the time Lois had collected their plates, most women were on their third glass of wine, and conversations were rapid and getting louder.  Kat wanted to move things to the next level, so she used her fish.  Mounted just behind her, and slightly above her head, was the massive Musky, jaws open and needle teeth showing.  As they sat over their dessert, Kat began a story of the fish.
“He doesn’t look like a prince, but he was, of course.  Spell bound to live as a fish for the sins he committed with a local sorceress.”  She then turned to the woman to her left.  “And…”
The woman sat flustered for a moment, then added, “Promises.  He was handsome, she was young.  She believed his promises.  And…”  She turned to the woman on her left, and the game was begun.  By the fourth or fifth woman the story took a different direction.
“And it wasn’t just that he lied to her, he was terrible in bed.  Really.  No skill at all.”  From there the story got louder and rougher so that by the time the circle was complete, everyone was laughing so loudly, all Kat could do was wrap it up with “So you can see why she stuffed him and put him on a wall.”
Time to move to the great room.  There was background music, more wine, plates of chocolates, and casual talk intermingled with variations and continuations of the fish story.  The great room had the effect it always did – the size, the elegance, the comfort.  The evening passed effortlessly.  Eventually the women drifted up to their rooms.  Kat’s only final comment was that breakfast would be served starting at eight.  No rush, no schedule.  They would keep serving as long as women wished.
The weekend was off to a good start.  One more success.  Kat carried wine glasses and chocolate trays back into the kitchen.  She could hear women upstairs talking.  A good sign.  Kaitlyn was up there too.  She had driven off after lunch, then reappeared at around six, checking in as if she was one of the weekend guests.  She had taken a room with another woman.  All smiles and questions about the lodge and about the fishing.  She played her part well.
Was there a need for acting?  All twelve guest spots were taken (eleven plus Kaitlyn).  When they registered on line, women were asked to describe themselves in a few sentences, and they provided a home address when they paid their fees.  Kat normally scanned the personal information looking for anything that might start a conversation (“I see you are from Waukesha.  How are the fall colors?”).  Kaitlyn had scanned the registrations too.  And then she had checked the addresses – two of which didn’t exist.  The women chose to room together.  Kaitlyn took the room next to them.
Kat did her cleaning, straightened the chairs in the great room and in the dining room, and went to bed.  Two women might be a problem, but nine women still deserved a weekend worth their five hundred dollar fees.  Kat would have a busy Saturday.  She needed her sleep.
Lois arrived at seven.  Not Lois, Bethany’s mother, but Lois from the restaurant downtown.  She did all the catering for Kat’s weekends.  Fish weekend she would do more.  By evening, she would be the star of the show.  So Kat quickly dressed and joined her in the kitchen.
They worked together pretty well.  Kat started the forty cup coffee pot, and then started on the toast.  Lois had four dozen eggs with her, and boxes of frozen hash browns.  Between the two of them, they had food to put in front of the first women down, none of whom actually waited until eight.
The day was a marvel.  October in Wisconsin can bring any kind of weather.  By late in the month there was the real chance of snow.  Early in the month could be rainy.  That Saturday Wisconsin looked its best.  The sun stayed in the sky all day.  The wind was low, so the lake was calm.  The trees were actually two or three weeks past their prime, but there was still color here and there around the lake.  If anything, the newly fallen leaves riding the water enhanced the colors.  And the maples were red.  No guarantee of that.  Poplars and birches would always be yellow, and there were green pines mixed in, but maples might add a fabulous red to the bouquet, or they might just turn brown and drop in the first wind.  This year, this Saturday, they were red.  The minute women stepped out of the lodge they got their phones out for pictures, and Kat saw they keep their phones out most of the say.
Fishing?  Kat had six canoes pulled up on the shore.  There was also a dock for those who preferred to fish there.  She left choices to the women.  After four seasons on the lake, she knew where the fish were.  Pan fish in this weed bed, walleyes or northerns feeding here and here, or lying back in the shadows of this willow.  It was all on a map she gave each woman.
Equipment she provided if women hadn’t brought their own.  Instruction she provided if asked.  Bait she put near the canoes – a coffee can full of worms and a bucket of minnows.  She stood ready to bait hooks if asked, but each of the women did their own.  It was a beautiful day, and a great group of women.
Pan fish seemed to be the focus of the morning.  Kat had a wire mesh fish basket in the water beside the dock.  It filled quickly.  One more point for the women – they didn’t seem concerned about preserving “their” fish.  They caught what they caught, maybe got a picture, and then either released it or pushed it into the mesh basket.
After lunch, several of the women seemed content to just lounge on the dock, but four wanted to go after trophy fish.  Kat joined them in her canoe, and steered them toward a grove of willows.  Not the best time for fishing, but she helped them select lures, and demonstrated the best place to cast.  She cast out, reeled in, and then sat while they tried.
A half an hour passed without any success, and then one of the women had her lure taken by something with pretty good size.  She screamed, as did all the other women, and the fight began.  Kat made a couple comments about holding the rod so it took the strain, and when to increase the pressure on the line, but she did her best to keep her distance.  It was the woman’s fish.  Hers to fight, and hers to land.
And she did land it.  Well, she got it close to the canoe and her partner brought it on board with a net.  Kat brought her canoe close and helped with the measuring.  It was a Northern, and it was legal length by an inch.  That got lots of cheering.  There was a pause while the woman decided whether to keep it.  Finally she announced that there was probably a good reason why the sorceress had turned him into a fish.  He should stay a fish.  There was a bit of a struggle as she pulled the lure free of his mouth, and then a “plop” as it jumped free of her hands and leapt into the water.
Kat left the women at that point, and paddled back towards her dock.  But she stopped along the way.  Two canoes were side by side.  One had two of her guests.  The other had Bethany’s mother.  They all had phones out.  Lois slipped her phone into a pocket the minute she noticed Kat coming, but the other two women continued taking pictures and then – texting them.  Kat got closer.  She could hear the women talking about messages they were sending.  They wanted family to see the fish they had caught and the lake they were on.  And they wanted them to see it now.
On the lake.  Miles from the nearest cell tower.  No bars anywhere outside the lodge.  Or so she had thought.  She had to ask.
“You get a signal out here?”  She paddled up, her aluminum bow sliding along the side of their canoe.
“Sure.  You have great wi-fi.  It doesn’t extend much farther onto the lake, but we have two bars here.”
Two bars.  Forty or so yards from shore.  Kat couldn’t help herself.  She looked over at Lois.  Lois looked back.  If anything she looked proud of herself.  Kat now knew why her data charges had jumped, and why an old lady paddled a canoe across the lake every day.  Clever.  And sneaky.  Whatever she was uploading, or downloading, she was doing a lot of it.  Ninety dollars in the last month.  More next month?
Kat stayed for a few more minutes.  She offered to take a picture of the two women in their canoe, asked them about fishing, and then paddled away.  Her last effort was to look at Lois, wait until her had the old lady’s attention, and then slowly shake her head.  Lois just looked back at her. 

Fishing Saturdays always ended with cooking and eating on the beach.  Lois and Kat teamed up for this, but the women helped too.  Kat brought out a bench and started the scaling and gutting.  It was a messy job, but after she did a few fish, each of the women took a turn, and a large bucket filled up with fillets.  
Then Lois took over.  She had a large gas grill with several frying pans.  But it was her breading table that drew most of the attention.  She had printed out detailed recipes and instructions for dipping and breading each fillet.  But before she did the first filet, she walked through the decisions she had made – why she chose whole milk for dipping the fillets, and why she had stopped using corn flakes in her breading.  And she took suggestions.  Why not more spices in the breading?  Why not rub the fillets rather than dip them?  There was a huge bucket of fillets to fry, so they ended up using half a dozen variations on the basic recipe.  Three women at a time took over frying, and the rest involved themselves in dipping and breading.
Meanwhile, Kat began the fish boil.  She had a five gallon kettle on another gas grill, and had potatoes and onions already boiling.  Two guests helped Kat cut fillets into strips, and fed them into the boiling water.
A busy time.  A happy time.  Kat made them drink water for the first hour on the shore, but then switched to wine.  The temperature dropped as the sun got lower in the sky, but they were all gathered around gas grills so they were comfortable.
A perfect evening?  Mostly.  Kat built a huge bonfire on the shore, and Lois added corn bread and baked potatoes to the buffet.  There was plenty of food, plenty of wine, and a near-perfect sunset.
Kat kept her head on a swivel.  She had twelve guests to monitor.  Were they getting enough to eat?  Did they seem to be enjoying themselves?  Were they starting to get cold?  So she scanned.  Checking faces.  Watching posture as they sat at the picnic tables and ate.  Listening for bits of conversation.  Carrying a plate of fish filets in case anyone wanted seconds (they did).
Her assessment?  Eleven happy women.  Smiles tonight.  Good reviews when they went home.  Eleven.  Number twelve was Kaitlyn.  Every time Kat looked in her direction, she saw a smile.  A forced smile.  No acting skills at all.  Something was wrong and Kaitlyn had no ability to hide her concern.
Once the sun set, the temperature plunged and Kat moved everyone inside.  There were plates of chocolates all over the great room, and more wine.  Conversations initially focused on fishing, then veered off in a dozen directions.  Talk came easy.  But so did yawns.  They had been outdoors all day.  It had an effect.  The first women moved up to their rooms around ten.  By eleven, the great room was empty.
Kaitlyn stayed behind.
“They were methodical.  It’s not that they took a million pictures.  They did.  But they took them with a focus.  They had a plan.  They got the lodge from every angle, plus the road.  And they seemed to know where the two logging roads are.  They got a number of pictures in that direction.”
“Unless they walked up those roads pretty far, they don’t know they are blocked.”  Kat was standing with Kaitlyn at the far end of the great room, smiling, the two playing a bit with each other’s hair.  If anyone saw them, they would draw all the wrong conclusions about the conversation.  But they kept their voices low.
“For all we know, they will sneak out tonight and do a check.”
“Or they will do nothing.”  Kat moved closer and got her hand deeper into Kaitlyn’s hair.  “Let’s consider another possibility.  They made it easy for us to see the fake addresses.  They made it obvious they were here to do basic recon.  They are here as a warning.  We see them taking pictures.  We know they have been all over the lodge.  We know we are being watched, and that we are vulnerable.  Time for us to rethink our situation.  Maybe time for us to back away.”
“Back away from what?”  Kaitlyn moved closer to Kat, her hands once again reaching for Kat’s hair and her head.  One hand cupped the back of Kat’s neck and seemed to latch onto it.  She used it to pull herself tight against Kat.
“That’s their big advantage, Kaitlyn.  We don’t know their plan.  We don’t know how far they will go.  Maybe they take action.  Maybe they just watch from afar.  We don’t even know who they are.”
“So we…”
“Go to bed.  I doubt they will shoot us in our sleep.  Too many witnesses.”
They kissed, then Kaitlyn went up to her room, and Kat walked back to hers.  Was she really safe?  She wasn’t sure.  But she had been outside all day, helping her guests, and she had no trouble dropping off to sleep. 
Lois had to wake her. 
“Sorry, but you didn’t join me in the kitchen, and I thought you would want to be up and dressed before the guests started coming down.”  She stood in the hallway, just the toes of her shoes in Kat’s bedroom.  As soon as Kat said she was awake, Lois nearly ran back to the kitchen.
“Getting old,” Kat thought as she dragged herself out of bed.  She should have been up with the sun.  But she knew how to take a quick shower.  She was dressed and in the kitchen before any of the guests had come down.  A quick apology to Lois, and she took her place at the coffee pot.
Sundays were a rest day for Kat.  Everything seemed to slow down.  It started with breakfast and blueberry pancakes.  Lois made them; the guests loved them.  The standard response when asked was “Oh, I’ll just have one.”  But nobody left the dining room until they had three or four.  It was the perfect beginning to the day.  
What came next was up to the guests.  There were always a few who faced long drives, so they left soon after breakfast.  Others continued whatever the Saturday activity had been.  In this case, several took canoes over to the willows.  They wanted another shot at a trophy fish.  Twice during the morning, Kat heard cheers across the water and knew someone was facing several cameras, fish in hand.
There were always a few that wanted to take a walk.  It was about a mile to circle the lake.  An easy walk, and scenic.  This Sunday four women took off walking.  Kaitlyn was among them, so Kat knew she was monitoring the two women she worried about.  As long as they didn’t go up either of the logging roads and see where Kat had blocked them, Kat wasn’t worried about what they might see.
Kat stood on her dock and talked with two women for most of the morning.  What did they talk about?  Nothing of consequence.  A bit about family and home, a bit about jobs, a bit about the lodge and upcoming weekends.  Mostly they shared the sun.  There were a few clouds in the sky, but none blocked the sun.  And it was an October sun.  It hovered over the south end of the lake, nowhere near as high as the June sun, and nowhere near as warm.  But it felt good on their faces.  By late morning they were even able to shed their coats and get some rays on their bare arms.  All the women were from Wisconsin, so they knew to value this warmth.
Lois brought lunch out to the picnic tables.  Soup and sandwiches and lemonade.  Kat had no set time for when her weekends were over, but this group followed the practice of all the others.  They took a long time over their soup, then packed their things, and spent even longer in the parking lot.  Hugs, pictures, talk, more hugs, and finally an exit.  Kaitlyn left with the others.  Kat noticed she took the long way around the lake, following the two women she thought were spies.  Three cars going around the curve past the two cabins at the other end of the lake before finishing the circle around the lake and taking Town Corner Lake Road towards Amberg.
Kat stood in her drive and watched them all leave.  She waved as long as she thought any of the guests might see her.  But mostly she stood in the sun.  She knew her body was absorbing ultra violet.  She knew she was also absorbing warmth and some measure of contentment.  Maybe two of the women were spies.  But all of the guests had enjoyed themselves.  Kat had succeeded yet again.  The place had been right, the food had been right, the activity had been a success, and Kat had felt some connection to each of the women.  She felt proud.
Kat helped Lois clean up in the kitchen, but then she was back outside.  The canoes needed to be dragged off to racks beside the garage, and her fishing tackle needed to be cleaned and stored away.  She took her time.  It was work that needed to be done, but it was also work she could do outside.  In the sun.  In the quiet of the afternoon as the sun sank lower.  
Lois drove off, and Kat was alone.  She found herself standing between tasks, looking out at the lake, or at the woods around her lodge.  She thought back to Kandahar where she had caught the first brief glimmer of this concept, and Maryland where she had studied websites and filled spreadsheets with her vision.  Nothing in Kandahar or Maryland had prepared her for how she would feel at that moment.  Not the feel of the sun.  Not the sound of poplars rattling in the woods.  Not the sight of the waves lapping on her little beach.  She had lived in Amberg long enough to know that October Sundays were followed by November snowstorms.  Not every day would be as beautiful as this one.  But this Sunday had been more than she had ever imagined it could be.  So she took long rests, staring out across the lake, and letting the sun work its temporary magic.



Chapter 28
Fire #1

Kaitlyn came back around dinner time.  The two of them rummaged around the kitchen, pulling out leftovers and taking turns at the microwave.   Kat opened a bottle of wine, but Kaitlyn shook her head.  She was worried.
“They never got off their goddamn phones.  I swear each of them was taking pictures of every meter walking around the lake, and then made a video as they drove the same route.  I followed them down past Crivitz.  I am pretty confident we have seen the last of them, but they gave their people all the recon they could want.”
“Thank you for watching them.”  Kat poured herself a glass of wine, then capped the bottle.  Was she worried?  Yes.  But she still felt the glow from the sun.  She decided she would have leftover pancakes for dinner, and she carried a plate full plus her wine glass into the dining room.  Kaitlyn followed with warmed over fish and corn bread.  She seemed surprised when Kat lit several candles.
“Kat, they could come for us tonight.”
“I doubt their chain of command works that fast, but even if they do, it was a beautiful day, and I plan a pleasant evening.  You look great in candlelight, by the way.”
Kaitlyn frowned, then smiled, then frowned again.  She pulled a lock of hair back from her face as she bent over her fish, then played a bit more with her hair.  
“This isn’t our final meal, is it?”
“You have a curl that comes just above your left eye.  Yes, that’s it.”  Kaitlyn was moving her fingers across her face, searching for the curl Kat described.  “If ever some designer wanted to evoke pure beauty, that is the curl they would put on a model.”
“Jesus, Kat.”  Kaitlyn shook her head, but then immediately put her hand back above her left eye to see if the curl was still in place.  “You’re hot, and I’m waiting for a black team to come through our front doors.”
“How much longer are you going to take with that corn bread?”  Kat blew out the candles and left the room.  There was no question where she was going.  Kaitlyn took a final bite of corn bread, finished Kat’s wine, and followed.
Roles quickly reversed in Kat’s bedroom.  Kat was slow, gradually unbuttoning her shirt and pulling off her jeans.  Kaitlyn practically ripped her own clothes off, and was in Kat’s dresser in an instant, rummaging through nightgowns until she found a short yellow one for herself, and a long white one for Kat.  She pulled it over Kat’s head while Kat was still unhooking her bra.  Then she lowered a shoulder and essentially tackled Kat, driving her back into her bed.  She climbed over Kat, and did her usual wrap around Kat’s head, one arm locked around her neck, the other hand deep into Kat’s hair, holding her head from the side.  She lowered her mouth onto Kat, and had complete control.
Kat almost complained.  Her breathing was constrained, and her head was fixed in position.  It wasn’t painful, but it was close.  Kaitlyn lay over her, all her weight on Kat’s chest and hips, her legs between Kat’s, pushing against her thighs.  Kat could move her hands, but not much more.  It was a strange position.  And one that Kaitlyn seemed to demand.
And then, somehow, Kat thought she understood.  She settled back, wrapped one arm around Kaitlyn’s shoulders to hold her, then began stroking her with her other hand, her fingers slowly sliding down her back, following her spine from shoulders to ass, then raising her hand and doing it again.  And again.  And again.
It took time, but she could feel Kaitlyn slowly relax.  Her shoulders came down first, softer to Kat’s touch, then her thighs.  Finally her mouth lifted from Kat’s.  Kat looked up and studied her face.
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“No.”  Kaitlyn lowered her head, but rather than take Kat’s mouth again, she slid her face along Kat’s cheek, her mouth now by Kat’s ear.  Kat now had Kaitlyn’s hair all across her face, but rather than push it to one side, she kept her hands where they were, one holding Kaitlyn, and one slowly following her spine.  Kat didn’t count how many times she followed that spine, but it was a large number.  Finally she felt Kaitlyn’s mouth open and her breath come warm against her ear.
“I grew up with a girl.  My age, my school.  Beautiful blue eyes and golden blond hair that hung in curls down to her ass.  We played together every day.  A million hours playing Barbies in her room.  My bestie.  One day I kissed her.  I just leaned forward across a sea of Barbie accessories, and I kissed her.  She stared at me and said nothing.  The next day after school she said she didn’t want to play with me anymore.”
Kat held her a little tighter and continued to slide her fingers down Kaitlyn’s back.  She was pretty sure Kaitlyn wasn’t done.  She waited.
“There was no one in high school.  One girl in college, but that didn’t last long.  Since then, sometimes it works for a while.  Lots of times I get pushed away.”  That seemed to be the end of it.  She kissed Kat’s cheek and waited.  Kat’s turn.
“I don’t plan to push you away.”
“What about Bethany?”
“I won’t be pushing her away either.  I know it complicates things, but…”
“I’m better for you.”
“Don’t turn this into a contest.  Just kiss me – gently - then go to sleep.  We both need our rest.”
Kaitlyn gave Kat a long kiss, and then slid out of bed.
“I’ll take first watch.”  She pulled a sweater over her nightgown.  “They’re coming tonight Kat.  I am certain.”
“Okay.  I’ll relieve you at two.”  Kat got out of bed too, and hugged Kaitlyn.  They held each other, and then separated.  Kat lay in bed thinking about Kaitlyn’s situation.
At some point she must have fallen asleep, because it was a struggle for Kaitlyn to wake her.
“The cabin is on fire.”
Kat jumped out of bed and was quickly in jeans and a sweater.  She spent more time on her socks and boots.  Feet mattered.
“You called 911?”
“Yes.”  Kaitlyn was tempted to add “Obviously” but chose not to.
Kat pulled on a coat as she ran to the kitchen and pulled a large fire extinguisher from the pantry.  
“Here’s the deal.”  Kaitlyn already had her car started and was facing the road by the time Kat ran out with the extinguisher.  Kat shoved the large can on the floor between her knees as she jumped into the passenger seat.  Kaitlyn was racing down the road before Kat finished her first sentence.
“Here’s the deal,” Kat repeated.  “The fire equipment is in Wausaukee.  Volunteer firefighters.  They need to come from their homes, get suited up, and get the fire truck up here.  No way this takes less than half an hour.”
“Look at the fire.”  They were already halfway around the lake.  But they could have seen the fire from miles away.  It was bright yellow and was already visible above the trees.
“Let’s hope they got out.”
There was nothing more to say after that.  Kat kept a grip on her fire extinguisher.  Kaitlyn raced around the lake.  As they came around the last curve, they both looked to see if it was the new book barn burning, or Bethany’s cabin.  Neither.  It was the empty cabin farther around the curve.  Kaitlyn braked to a stop off the road and out of the way for any arriving fire equipment.  Kat hefted her extinguisher and ran towards the flames.
“Here.”  Bethany called to her.  She was on the side of her cabin, pointing a garden hose at a tall pine tree.  Her mother was in front of her, raking the ground.  The fire lit up the entire area.  Waves of yellow light shifted as the flames moved.  Shadows appeared and disappeared.  The one constant was heat.  Fire gushed from every window of the cabin.  The roof over the small porch was already alight.  The rest of the roof would be aflame in minutes.
“It’s gone, Kat.”  Bethany shouted over her shoulder, her hose still trained almost straight up into the tree.  “Use that on our roof.”  She pointed at Kat’s extinguisher and then waved toward her roof, just in case Kat didn’t understand.
Kat paused for a moment.  And then she understood.  The burning cabin was surrounded by pines.  Two of them were already burning.  Bethany’s cabin was on a slight rise.  It wasn’t much higher than the other cabin, but fire burned up.  It would take the pines one by one, climbing the hill towards Bethany’s place.  The cabins were maybe fifty yards apart - distance the fire could cover in minutes.
Kat ran to the front of Bethany’s cabin and started spraying the roof.  It was a big extinguisher for a big kitchen.  But not big enough for the roof of even a very small cabin.  She arched the foam as high as she could, and tried to work it side to side across the front and back of the roof, knowing she would not have nearly enough.
Kaitlyn looked at the scene, then ran back to her car and drove off.
Kat and Bethany shouted at each other as they worked.  They said the obvious.  Kaitlyn had called 911.  Lois had seen the fire.  She thought she saw someone running off.  She had run over with a fire extinguisher, but the cabin practically exploded in flames.  Now she was raking up pine needles that might burn along the ground.  Bethany was trying to wet her tree enough to block the progression of the fire.  She was soaked by the water falling back down onto her.  She screamed obscenities every time another pine exploded in flames, but stood her ground as the flames touched off another tree.
Kat’s foam extinguisher emptied in under five minutes.  She could see white foam on portions of the roof.  She could also see large portions completely unprotected.  She dropped the empty extinguisher and took the rake from Lois.  She expected a fight from Lois, but got none.  The old lady was dripping with sweat.  The minute Kat took her rake, she backed away several steps, and then collapsed on the ground.
Kaitlyn returned with a chainsaw and a can of gas.  No oil for the bar.  Obviously she had never used a chainsaw before.  Kat gave her the rake and took the chainsaw from her.  The chain would overheat and either fly apart or melt itself to the bar.  No matter.  Kat would use the saw as long as she could make it function.
Where to start?  She would use Bethany’s wet tree as a mid point, and start taking down every tree along a line from the road to the lake.  Dozens of pines.  More than she could possibly get to, but she would make a start.  
Pine is soft wood, and easy to cut with a good chainsaw.  The problem was getting them to fall the right direction.  There is always a lean towards the sun.  To the south.  With time, Kat would have worked a wedge and taken them east, back towards the cabin.  There was no time, so she took them south, towards the road.  At least they would be away from Bethany’s cabin.
The first pine got caught in other pines as it fell.  Absolute worst thing that could happen.  Kat screamed at it, then caught her breath and started on one of the pines holding the other up.  This was how loggers got killed.  While they took down the second tree, the first slid down its side and impaled them under broken branches.  Kat cut into the south side of the second tree, digging in three or four inches, then moved to the back side.  She was barely half way through it when she heard the cracking start. She yanked the saw free and ran for her life.
For a moment, both pines hung together.  Kat got herself back behind several pines higher on the hill, watched the two cut pines shake and twist, and hang.  She screamed at them.  “Down, dammit, down.”  But they twisted and shook, and even seemed to lean closer to a third pine.  Kat wasn’t sure she would have the courage to get back under them again.  Meanwhile, yet another pine exploded in flames.  If she was going to cut a fire break, she was fast running out of time.
And then both trees fell.  They tore through the branches of nearby trees, pine boughs flying in the air, then exploding off the ground when the trees slammed into the earth.  The ground shook beneath her feet.  Kat was still screaming.  Now it was “Yes, goddamn it.  Yes.  Get the hell out of the way.”
As soon as the last of the branches had fallen, Kat ran back to where she had been cutting.  Now she had an open area where she could drop the other pines.  She had three more down quickly, cutting on the south side first, a line perpendicular to the open area she wanted to steer the tree towards.  Three inches.  Just before the tree might move and pinch her saw.  Then to the other side of the trunk, cutting parallel, pushing the chain into the tree until the top started moving, then racing back from it.
The chain was already smoking from lack of oil.  But Kat kept her finger on the trigger, keeping the chain in motion even as she moved from tree to tree, afraid if she let the chain stop, it would seize to the bar and never move again.  She picked her trees carefully, looking to create her line from the road to the lake.  
She never made it, but she got close.  She cut two of the trees close to where Bethany was hosing her pine, and had a start on a third when her chain snapped.  Red hot, it flew away from the saw – a safety feature – and landed somewhere in the dirt.  Kat stood for a moment, then shut off her saw.  The silence was more jarring than the snapping of the chain.  She hadn’t been wearing any kind of safety equipment so her ears rang.  She shut off the saw, pulled the empty bar from the tree, and slowly straightened.
A blanket swept around her shoulders, and she was lifted off the ground by someone standing behind her.  She had been vaguely aware that others were in the woods.  Fire fighters finally arriving.  Still, she was startled to be grabbed, and she fought to free herself.
“Kat.  It’s okay.  You did great.”  It was Jim’s voice.  One of the few men in town taller than her, and one of the few who would dare to wrap their arms around her.  He lifted her and carried her back to the fire truck parked along the road.  As they moved towards the road, they were passed by half a dozen men pulling a hose toward the fire.
“The cabin can’t be saved.”  Kat dropped her chain saw and pushed the blanket from her shoulders.
“You’ll need that before you think, and you should drink this.”  Jim held out a quart bottle of water.  He was right about the water.  She drank most of it straight down.  He was also right about the blanket.  The sweat on her back and shoulders was soon like ice in the night air.
“What’s the plan?”  Kat turned back towards the fire, looking to see where she could help.
“Same plan you had.  The cabin is gone.  So is much of the woods.  Save the rest of the woods, and save the other cabin.”  She heard two chain saws going.  Not surprising.  Six or eight pickup trucks crowded the road.  Half the locals carried saws in their trucks.  She also heard a “Whoosh” as the firehose hit the flames.  Steam filled the air, and the smoke from the fire turned gray.
“Bethany’s mother looked bad.  You should call…”
“A paramedic is with her.  He’ll be coming for you next.”
“I’m fine.”
“Oh?”  Jim pointed to the hand holding the water bottle.  She was shaking.  She could also see blood snaking down between her fingers.  Cuts and scrapes from branches she had pushed through.
“Just scrapes.”
“Yes.  You got lucky.”  Jim pulled the blanket back around her shoulders, and then used his fingers to comb some hair off her face.  “Let Eddie put on some antiseptic and bandages.  New guy.  He needs the practice.”   
“Okay.”  Kat finished the water.  She wasn’t sure what to do next.  He was standing close, his hands still on her shoulders. One of the few men in town she had to look up to.  She looked at his face now.  He had the heavy fire proof coat and pants on, and the huge fire hat with face shield.  The red lights of the fire truck were making a rotating reflection across the shield.
“I didn’t know you were a volunteer.”
“Just in the last year.  I thought it would be a good example for my boys.” 
“Take off your helmet.” 
He lifted his helmet and face shield.  Kat kissed him.
“Thank you.”
She pulled the blanket tighter around her shoulders and took the path up to Bethany’s cabin.  Lois was sitting on the edge of the porch, her feet in the dirt.  Kaitlyn sat next to her.
“Good move with the chainsaw, Kaitlyn.”
“She needed to bring a gun.  We should shoot the guy who started the fire.”  Lois looked crazier than ever.  Her hair went in every direction, and smudges of sweat and dirt were all over her face.  There was also a fair amount of smoke in the air around the cabin, giving her a bit of a ghostly appearance.  Kat thought she probably didn’t look much better herself.
“A description would help.”  Kaitlyn was angry.  She was leaning towards Lois, almost confronting her.  Lois wasn’t backing away.  It appeared the two had been going at each other for a while.
“No it wouldn’t.  I told you.  Average everything.  Black everything.  Hooded sweatshirt. Not that he was hiding.  He waited until I saw the fire and started walking towards it.  Stood out where I could see him.  Like he wanted me to see him and get scared.  Moved pretty fast when I raised my shotgun.”  She cackled for an instant, then started coughing.  They all were, off and on.  The firehose had knocked down the flames pretty fast, but that just put more smoke in the air.
“Which direction?”  Kaitlyn was pushing.  The question was louder than it needed to be, and shorter.  Like it burst from her mouth.
“That way.  Same as before.”  She pointed towards the road.  Kaitlyn just shook her head.  Kat motioned for her to come with her.  She led her around the corner of the cabin.
“Pretty rough on her.  What’s going on?”
“I told you I saw a guy watching the cabin.  I think he’s staying at the old farmhouse south of here.  If it’s the same guy, we know where to find him and what to do.”
“We know what to do?”  Kat studied Kaitlyn’s face.  
“He could have killed them, Kat.  If they had been asleep.  If there had been a stronger wind.”
“Maybe.  But he didn’t.”
“This time.  What about next time?”
“Let me think about that.  Go home.  Get some sleep.  I need to talk with Bethany.  I’ll walk back.”  Kat turned and walked away.  She didn’t want to argue with Kaitlyn.  She also didn’t like being around Kaitlyn in her current mood.
Finding Bethany was complicated.  The first part was easy.  Kat saw where the garden hose came from the cabin, and she followed it.  But Bethany wasn’t at the end of it.  And the closer she stepped towards the other cabin, the more Kat was blinded by smoke.  Smoke was a danger.  It damaged lungs.  Kat needed to get out of it, but she also wanted to find Bethany, who also might be lost somewhere in the smoke.
She found her by the ruins of the other cabin.  The fire fighters had put out the trees, and then began pouring water on the cabin.  The roof had collapsed, and two walls were down.  Bethany stood on the far side – upwind.  The water gushing from the firehose was directed methodically though the ruins.  Sparks exploded when the water hit hot spots.  Then there would be a roar of water turning to steam.  Bethany stood staring into the steam.
“They’re too damn clever.”  Her eyes never left the steaming hulk of the cabin, but she took Kat’s hand.  “Abandoned cabin, any vagrant could have set it alight, or maybe a squirrel chewed through an electrical line.  Cabin goes up, takes the trees around it, and slowly climbs the hill.  Too bad about the librarian’s cabin also going up.  But that’s what happens when you live so far out in the country.  That’s what they expect people to say.”
“The county will send someone up.  Maybe they’ll find an accelerant.”
“So, they prove it was arson.  Still no connection to us.”
“Have you thought about moving into town?  You might be safer in Wausaukee.”
“My book repository is almost done.  I make no plans until it is done and the books are safely inside.”
“Your call.  Time for me to go back to bed.”  
Kat gave Bethany a quick hug and then walked off through the woods.  She managed to make it to the road without tripping over any rocks or roots.  Once on the road, she started planning.



Chapter 29
Fire #2

It took forever for Kat to get the smoke out of her hair.  She shampooed three times.  She also carefully washed all the cuts and scrapes she had gotten in the woods.  Her forearms were a mess.  She also had a long scrape on the side of her neck.  That was actually the most painful.  But she soaped every cut carefully and blotted them dry.  Once out of the shower, she applied half a tube of antiseptic.  There were also places where she put on a gauze dressing.  Veterans understand infections.
Kaitlyn joined her in the bathroom and helped tape the gauze to Kat’s arms.  She was wearing her yellow nightgown and leaned tight against Kat as she taped her neck.  She still smelled of smoke.  Kat thought they both might for several days.
“We owe them for this.”  Kaitlyn spent more time than she needed getting the tape across a wide strip of cotton gauze.  She looked up at Kat.  She was obviously still angry, but there was also an element of pleading in her look and in her voice.
“We can’t be certain the man you saw watching the cabin is also the man who started the fire.”
“Kat, it’s not like there are lots of people around.  You put yourself in the middle of nowhere.  It’s the guy.  I am sure of it.”
“You can’t be sure.”  She saw Kaitlyn begin to object.  “But we will respond.”  She held Kaitlyn by the shoulders.  “Commensurate.  Our word for tonight, Kaitlyn.  Our response will be commensurate.  No one dies.  He started a fire.  We think.  We will start a fire.  That’s all.  If we do it right, it will serve as a warning, and it will get him to move off.”
“Tonight?”
“Yes.  After all the firefighters are gone.”
“Good.”  Kaitlyn was suddenly taller, her face determined.  And something else.  Kat didn’t like that “something else.”
“Chain of Command, Kaitlyn.  I lead, you follow.  I give an order, you obey.  Understood?”
“Of course.”  Wrong answer.  Too fast.  Too easy.  Kat kept her hold on Kaitlyn’s shoulders.
“I can do this without you, Kaitlyn.”
“I will show you the path he takes through the woods back to his farm house.  I can help with that.”
“And if I tell you to sit on that path and wait for me?”
“I will.”  Too fast again, but Kat did need her help finding the back way to the farm house.  “Get dressed.  We’ll go after we hear the fire engine leave.”
Kaitlyn raced up to her bedroom.  Kat rummaged around through her closet.  Black would be ideal.  She settled for dark jeans and a navy blue sweatshirt.  She spent more time on her feet.  Two pairs of socks and her favorite work boots.  She pulled hair back and then yanked a knit cap over the top half of her head, the lower edge almost covering her eyes.
The biggest decision was weapons.  She really wanted to go without.  Weapons just ratcheted up the chance of, well, the chance of many things she wanted to avoid.  She pulled her Winchester rifle from her closet and held it.  Four bullets in the tube.  Lever action.  No scope.  Sighted in for fifty yards.  Good against deer.  Not much protection if the other guy had automatic weapons and banana clips.  She was sorely tempted to put it back in her closet.  But.  There was one place in her plan where it might do some good.  So she took it.
Kaitlyn had gone out to her car.  She came back wearing full camo and jump boots.  Even her knit cap was pixilated.  And in her hands – an M16.
“No.”  Kat stood at the front door and blocked her.
“We’ll need it.”
“We may need it if they ever come for us.  We don’t need it tonight.  Put it back in your car, or you can’t come with me.”
Kaitlyn stood opposite Kat.  It was obvious she wanted to object.  She opened her mouth to start, then stopped herself.  Kat watched as she walked back to her car and opened the trunk.  She saw Kaitlyn bend deep into the recesses of the trunk.  She put the M16 in, but it was obvious she was also taking something else out, something that slid into the pocket of her jacket.  Kat debated for a moment, then decided to “not see” what was certainly a pistol.
She let Kaitlyn come back into the lodge, the two of them standing by the front door, watching the road.  Pickup trucks were the first to come down the road and turn towards town.  It was already after three, and men needed to get some sleep before going to their usual jobs.  Kat hadn’t counted how many trucks had been at the other end of the lake.  Major failure on her part.  Poor intel.  She thought maybe six.  Seven came by over the next half hour.  Then the fire engine.
She stood with Kaitlyn and watched for another half hour just to be sure she hadn’t missed another truck, then began her final preparations.  They were simple.  A bottle of water from the kitchen, a box of matches form the side board in the great room.  All she needed.  Unless she needed the rifle.
Four a.m.  A quarter moon was setting.  It projected long shadows across the road.  Kat and Kaitlyn double timed down the road, staying in the shadows.  Both had long since learned how to run without making noise on gravel.  Neither said a word or made a sound with their breathing.  Two shadows in the shadows.
One stop to make before the path through the woods.  Kat’s chainsaw and gas can lay near the road in front of Bethany’s cabin.  Or they should have.  Kat and Kaitlyn scouted along the road.  Nothing.  Then a flashlight came on, its beam pointing down at the gas can on the edge of Bethany’s porch.  The light went off almost instantly.
Kat and Kaitlyn froze.
“It’s pretty obvious what you are looking for.”  
Bethany spoke quietly, but it sounded like shouting in the silence of the night.  Kat and Kaitlyn slowly moved toward the cabin.  Bethany flashed the light one more time so they could see the gas can’s location on the porch.  Kat stopped at the edge of the porch and slid the can toward her.  She could feel by the weight the can was about half full.  Far more than she needed. 
Kat lay her rifle on the porch and pulled the water bottle from her pocket.  She took a long drink, and passed it to Kaitlyn.  Kaitlyn shook her head, not sure what Kat was doing.
“Drink some, silly.”  Bethany sounded even louder.  “She needs to empty the bottle.  Either drink it, or she’ll just pour it on the ground.”
“I’m fine.”  Kaitlyn stood and waited.  She finally understood what Kat was doing, but she didn’t want to admit her initial confusion.  Certainly not in front of Bethany.
Kat took another drink, then emptied the bottle.  The gas can had a long neck on it, and normally poured easily into the chainsaw tank.  The water bottle was more of a challenge.  It had a much smaller top, and Kat ended up with gas in, over, and around the bottle.  She did what she could to avoid any splash on herself, but the process was messy.  Fortunately, she just needed a couple inches of gas in the bottom of the bottle.
Kat screwed the plastic top back on the bottle.  Then she paused and looked up at Bethany.  Bethany looked back.
“Do I need to say the obvious Kat?  Okay.  I never saw you.  I was exhausted after the fire and went straight to bed.  I don’t know anything about anything that happened after the fire fighters left.”  Kat and Bethany stared at each other.  Then Bethany added, “Be careful.  Please.”
From inside the cabin they could hear Lois add, “He’s dressed all in black and lives in the woods.  Get the bastard.”
Kat looked at Bethany a bit longer, smiled, and then left, her rifle in her right hand, the bottle in her pocket.
Kaitlyn seemed to understand the rest of the plan.  She took the lead back to the road, then down the road to a deer trail.  She took a knee and whispered in Kat’s ear when Kat joined her.
“We won’t make very good time.  Night or day, the trail is over downed branches and three or four inches of dried leaves.  No way we can do it in silence.  We will just have to go slow and hope we are ready to respond if he is out waiting for us.  I’ll lead.  I should have the Winchester.”
“The Winchester stays with me.  When we get to the farm, you will stay at the edge of the woods.  You will cover my retreat.  Under no circumstances will you approach the house.  Understood?”
“Yes.”  Once again, too fast, but Kat had some hope Kaitlyn would obey her commands.  This was now a combat situation, and commands were followed.
Kaitlyn took point and did a pretty good job.  Kat wondered how many times she had been down this trail.  She not only got them around obstacles, but she moved with exaggerated steps, so Kat could see where she placed her feet, and where she could swing branches out of the way.  Still, they made noise.  October.  New leaves that hadn’t been rained or snowed on, hadn’t turned to mush yet.  They crushed when stepped on, swished when kicked.  And downed branches snapped under foot.  They moved slowly, and carefully, always near something that might protect them from a bullet, but if the guy was waiting in ambush, they both knew how things would go.
The farm was about half a mile south of the lake, and it took them nearly an hour to cover the ground.  Both knelt at the edge of his fields hot and tired.  Kat regretted not bringing a second water bottle.  Out of uniform just four years and she was already forgetting the basics.  They rested five minutes, then Kat handed Kaitlyn the Winchester.
“Covering fire only.  You have just four rounds in there.  Find yourself some cover.  You won’t have any trouble seeing me when I come back.  I will be on the run.  See if you can keep up with me when I hit these woods.”  She hoped the last sounded light hearted.  
Kaitlyn nodded, then moved left to a small cluster of birches.  Kat waited until she saw Kaitlyn get settled, then raced across a field that might once have been corn.  Now it was a mass of weeds and the early growth of poplars and pines.  Unplowed for six years?  Eight?  Kat just ran, dodging around low growth, glad to have some cover to drop into if needed, unhappy to be running through an endless series of saplings that might take her feet from under her.
The house?  Obviously abandoned.  And really old.  It had the architecture that screamed poor farm, 1920s.  One half was a single story.  Probably the original home.  Then there had been a few good years, and probably several children.  So the new half was built.  Perpendicular to the first half, and two stories.  Probably five or six tiny bedrooms.  The place was still standing after a century, but building materials had never been cheap and building skills were limited.  So now it leaned.  Not far, but enough.  It was unlikely any interior door still closed.  Nothing would fit together as it should.
There was a man in there.  No lights.  No smoke up the chimney – assuming any furnace actually worked.  But a car was parked out front.  Backed in.  At what point did that become an automatic action?  This was not an amateur.  Somewhere inside.  No lights.  Easier to hide.  But probably not a matter of choice.  The power would have been disconnected years before.  Good.  No alarm system.  Windows.  Two broken on the lower level.  There would be glass all over the floor.  No matter, she wouldn’t be going inside.
Kat kept her pace.  Kept her breathing.  She moved quickly, but at a speed she could maintain for hours if needed.  No problem crossing a forty acre field.  She jogged slightly from side to side, not wanting to make any shot on her overly easy, but she was aware that if the man had night vision equipment, and was still awake, she would take one in the chest.
She made it to the back of the house, but did not touch it.  Stayed low and moved toward the back door, but did not step onto the wooden landing by the door.  Everything rotted, everything old, any wood she touched would cry out and betray her.  So she knelt in the weeds near the back door and pulled out her bottle.  Long arms.  Arms that used to get rebound after rebound, now stretched out the bottle and squeezed.  Gas went all over the wooden landing, and splashed under the door.  Two or three ounces.  The gas didn’t matter.  Its vapors did.  She let the vapor build inside the back door, then lit a match.  They were longer, and wooden, and looked so elegant when used to light the candelabra in the dining room.
She was already backing away when she threw it toward the back door.  The gas burst twice.  First there was a flash of flame on the back landing and along the back door.  It made a noise like “Floom” as it ignited.  Kat was now running backwards.  And then the flames dove under the door and the kitchen went up.  “Floom” again, but muffled.  Bright.  She could see the whole back area was now a sheet of yellow flame.  Kat turned and raced for the woods, dodging left and right, like she was in one of those endless practice sessions dribbling through a row of chairs.  He had to be awake now.  Maybe he was fighting the fire.  Maybe he had switched his weapon to full automatic, and she would get a stream of bullets across her back.  She hurdled bushes and dug her toes into the dirt, looking to get traction for another yard, another step closer to the woods.
She couldn’t see Kaitlyn, but she could see a birch grove, and she raced toward that.  Somewhere among them was Kaitlyn, ready to provide cover fire.  Kat hurdled one last grouping of pine saplings, and got herself behind several birches.  Birches would stop a bullet.  She grabbed one, and pulled herself to a stop.
“Kaitlyn.  Time to go.”  She looked among the trees.  Dark camo among the shadows.  She would be hard to see, but Kat expected to hear or see motion.  This action was now over.  Time to return to base.  Kaitlyn should be standing and moving toward her.  If she had come to the right birch grove.
And then she heard her Winchester fire.  Close.  The other edge of the birch grove.  Kat immediately dropped.  Had the guy followed her?  She twisted around to look back across the field.  No guy.  Where?  She heard her Winchester again.  Kat crawled through the birches towards Kaitlyn, following her sound, but looking across the field.  What was she shooting at?  Was the guy hiding among the low growth saplings?
Kaitlyn fired again.  Kat crawled closer.
“Where is he?  I can’t see him.”
“There.  Trying to make it to his car.  I think I have him pinned down.”
“You what?”
Kat dropped down next to Kaitlyn, and looked down the barrel of her rifle.  It was pointed toward the car parked in front of the house.
“Let him go.  This is what we want.  His hiding hole is gone.  He is gone.”
“I can get him.  This piece of shit deer rifle is sighted all wrong, but I have the range now.”
Kat jerked the barrel up just at Kaitlyn fired again.  They wrestled over the gun.  It was empty.  Didn’t matter.  They weren’t fighting over the gun.  They were fighting over the rules of engagement.  And the fitness for command.  Kat was winded from the runs across the field, but she was also really angry.  So was Kaitlyn.  The rifle itself became a weapon, Kat twisting the barrel back and hitting Kaitlyn alongside her head, while Kaitlyn jammed the stock into Kat’s chest.  The Winchester plunged back and forth between them until Kat rolled so she got some weight on Kaitlyn, then wrapped her free hand around Kaitlyn’s neck.  Kaitlyn continued to struggle, and Kat thought she might have to choke her out.  It didn’t come to that, but it was close.  Finally Kaitlyn let go of the rifle and Kat stood up.
“He’ll come for us tomorrow.  I guarantee it.”  Kaitlyn was still on the ground, one hand on her neck.  Her voice was raspy.  Kat wondered if she had done any damage.
“He won’t be coming for us tomorrow.  There won’t be any us.  You will pack your bags and get your ass back to Maryland.  You will be gone by noon.”  She stood over Kaitlyn.  She didn’t shout.  She used her “major” voice.  Clear, simple sentences, each delivered like the voice of god.  This is the truth.  This how it will be.  There will be no discussion or debate.
“Then he will kill you.”
“Then he will try.”  Kat caught her breath, hung the Winchester over her arm, and then started back through the woods.  For just an instant, she thought of the pistol she was sure Kaitlyn had in her jacket.  The hair at the back of her neck rose.  Then she took a cleaning breath and kept walking.  It wouldn’t come to that.  Kat was pretty sure she knew people.  She also knew which way was north.  She had about two hours before daylight.  She set a regular pace toward home.



Chapter 30
Questions

Kaitlyn was out the door at ten, Christie Witt - Kat’s main contact at NSA - called at eleven, and Dave Kekkonen - the local deputy sheriff - arrived at noon.  The timing wasn’t quite that precise, but it was close.
That had been enough time for Kat to do what she needed to do.  The water bottle had been washed over and over in the lake, then filled with sand and buried under a foot of muck.  The Winchester had been cleaned and reloaded.  Kat’s clothes had all gone into the washer.  She’d even gotten a couple hours sleep.
Kaitlyn’s exit had involved some door slamming, but no real conversation.  Her final words were, “Just wait.  You’ll be dead before the week’s over.”  The front door slammed a final time, and she squealed her tires departing the driveway.
Christie’s call was expected.  And more pleasant.  Essentially it went – sorry things didn’t work out with Kaitlyn, would you like someone else?  Christie didn’t argue very much when Kat declined.  She promised to warn Kat if she heard anything “concerning.”  Kat thanked her and went back to do the week’s laundry.
Kekkonen had been a bigger challenge.  A local boy, he knew every house and home in the county, and after fifteen years on the force, he had heard every story told about every crime.  He smiled, but clearly much was going on behind that pleasant face.  Kat had invited him back to her kitchen for a cup of coffee.  She was also doing laundry in the small room adjoining the huge kitchen, so she had reasons to get up and move around – another cup of coffee, another load of laundry, a need to move loads from the washer to the dryer.  In short, she had legitimate reasons to interrupt his questions.  He had legitimate reasons to sit with her almost an hour going over the events of the past night.
“We mostly get chimney fires up here.  Soot builds up.  Should be cleaned every year, but people forget.  The fire engine arrives, they throw some baking soda in the fireplace, and things settle down.  No major fires in four years.  Last night we had two.”  Dave cupped his coffee in both hands, casually looking around the kitchen as Kat moved yet again to the washer.
“That fire four years ago was an insurance fire.  One of the weekender cabins.  Pretty obvious.  He had gotten tired of deer hunting and had tried to sell the place.  Asking price was less than he owed on it, and he couldn’t get any offers.  Obvious insurance fire.  He did a year with work release.”
“Real estate doesn’t move much up here.”  Kat folded a load of towels and then sat opposite Dave at the huge kitchen work table.  She was three inches taller than him.  She wondered if he always accepted her coffee since it meant they would both sit, and their heights would be more comparable.
“The cabin that went up would have been a candidate for insurance fraud.  It had been on the market three years.  Owner had over paid for it in the first place, and then got laid off.  But he hangs out at a bar in Green Bay, and the bartender says he was there all night – as usual.”
“So not an insurance fire.”
“At least not an obvious one.”  He took another sip of coffee.  The mugs held maybe ten ounces.  He had already made those ten ounces last fifteen minutes.  There was still plenty in the mug.  Kat could see this conversation had a ways to go.
“Then there’s the second fire.”
“I thought I heard fire engines again.  I thought maybe they were just coming back to check on the cabin fire.”
“No.  An old farm house went up just before dawn.  The old Kent place.  Ever meet any of them?”
“No.”
“I suppose they were all gone before you got up here.  Nice people.  Mostly lived off social security.  The house wasn’t much.  Empty for years.  Totally gone now.”
“Sorry to hear that.”
“Funny thing.  Bergman.  Maybe you met him.  Lives down along Town Corner Lake Road?”  Kat shook her head.  “Says he heard shots.  Counted four.  Started seeing fire above the trees a few minutes later.  I don’t suppose you heard anything.”
“I was in bed, dead to the world.  I tried to help protect the Evans cabin when the fire started moving towards their place.  Tried to cut a fire break.  Mostly just tore up my arms in the dark.”  She held out her forearms so he could see her bandages.
“Yes, Doug Martin says you made a difference.  Hope you put lots of antiseptic on those cuts.”
“I’m pretty careful about infections.”
“Yes, I’ll bet.”  His way of saying he knew some things about where she had served and what she had done.
“More coffee?”  He obviously wasn’t done with his first cup, but Kat liked the idea of getting up again.  She had done enough interrogations to know her best move was to sit quietly, impassively, relaxed and guilt free.  But she wasn’t guilt free, and sitting still was a burden.
“No thank you.”  He took another sip to indicate he was still working on that cup.  “I heard you had a woman staying with you.  Any chance she heard anything?”
“Kaitlyn Tower.”  Full name to indicate she was hiding nothing.  “She had to get back to work.  She was a big help last night, by the way.  She and Lois Evans raked the ground between the cabins to keep all the pine needles and maple leaves from burning.  Did a lot of good.”
“And now she left?”
“Should have flown out yesterday.  Fortunately she stayed an extra day.”
“She didn’t say anything about hearing shots?”
“No.  Were the shots anywhere near here?”
“Bergman said they were north of his place.  Not sure how far north.”
“We’re surrounded by trees.  The shots would have to be pretty close for us to hear them, wouldn’t they?”  She knew for a fact her Winchester couldn’t be heard a mile away.  Not through thick woods.  She relaxed when he nodded agreement.
“Yes, that old farm house is pretty far off.”  He took another sip of coffee.  It didn’t seem like it was any lower in the mug.  “Lois Evans says there was a man dressed all in black near her place last night.  She blames the fire on him.  Have you seen anyone like that?”
“No.  I keep a few lights on around the lodge.  I would see anyone on the grounds.  And you know how traffic is around here.  Weekends I have my guests, but other days people have to be pretty lost to end up on this lake road.”
“Well, let me know if you see anyone you don’t know.  Can’t give you much of a description.  She just said average size, dressed in black.”
“Witness descriptions usually aren’t much help.”
“Half the time they just send us in the wrong direction.  The man in black turns out to be, well, who knows?”  Kekkonen finished his coffee.  He had said what he had come to say.  Kat walked him to the door and stood on her porch while he drove off.  She thought he might take the lake road to the Evans cabin, but he drove out towards town.  Maybe back toward the house she had burned, maybe off on some other investigation.
Kat closed the door and went back to her weekly laundry.  The man was clever, but she was pretty sure she had covered her tracks.  She had the whole afternoon and eight loads of laundry to review her actions.  She could think of nothing she had missed.  
Nor did she have any second thoughts about what she had done.  Proof that man had burned the lake cabin?  No.  But he was likely the guy.  She had made him go away.  It was the right move for her.  The next move was now up to whoever had sent him.



Chapter 31
Shoulders

Tuesday morning Kat had a few errands to run in Amberg, but mostly she was curious.  What were people saying?  And, she wanted to talk with Bethany.  She had expected a visit from her last night.  She had left the hall light on, but had slept alone.  Time to visit the library.
Not a bad day for October.  Not much wind.  Temps in the upper fifties.  Sun.  Cool for a skirt, but she wore a sundress anyway.  She was visiting the library.  Most of her bandages came off.  But she thought a couple should stay on.  A reminder to Bethany of what she had done.  She combed her hair back a bit so the gauze on her neck was partially hidden, but still easily seen.  She wasn’t above playing it up a bit.
First stop, the Amberg restaurant.  This would be a small weekend.  A shooting weekend.  Turkeys.  Shooting weekends always drew fewer women.  And Kaitlyn was gone.  She needed to warn Lois she would only be cooking for six.  Lois and Marie were back in the kitchen.  No customers at the tables.  Marie looked out hopefully when she heard the door open.  She did her best to smile, but obviously she had been hoping for some breakfast diners.  Kat felt badly about adding to their disappointment.  Only six for the weekend.  October was a lean month.  Deer season always made November a good month.  Then came winter.  Lois and Marie would be like a lot of business owners and only open weekends.  October felt like a warning of the lean months to follow.
Kat tried to improve the general mood.  She paid Lois for the fish weekend, and added forty dollars in cash as a tip.  Forty dollars the IRS would never know about.  That got her a hug.  She sat with them over a cup of coffee and talked about weekends to come.  They already knew the schedule.  They had worked for her for years.  But somehow it felt reassuring to talk through weekends that would bring people to town.
News about the fires?  Lots of talk about the fire at the lake cabin.  The firefighters were proud they had knocked down the fire in the trees.  Not an easy feat.  And, yes, they acknowledged the work Kat had done before they arrived.  Lots of talk about that fire.  The farm house fire?  Not much said.  Old abandoned place.  No real loss.  Still, it seemed a shame to lose a family’s memories.  Also a reminder of how many empty houses sat around this end of the county.  Not something people wanted to dwell on.
Kat finished her coffee, did a round of hugs, and headed for the door.  Ed Schneider was the town gossip.  A few minutes at his grocery/party store, and she would know all there was to know about the fires and anything else going on in town.
She never got there.  She saw shoulders.
He was standing in the middle of the sidewalk.  Full dressed uniform.  A colonel’s epaulettes.  Six three.  Probably two eighty.  Wide.  In an army full of wide men, he was wider.  There was so much else to see.  The way he stood, the way he held his head, the massive hands at his side.  All she saw was shoulders.  It was all she had ever seen when she looked at him.  Shoulders that could bench press more than any man in his battalion.  Shoulders that had held her better than any man.  Ever.
He waited.  She ran and leapt into his arms.  He held her off the ground.  He held her.  She wrapped her arms around his neck.  He held her.  She kissed him.
He carried her to his car.  She noticed the obvious.  Gray, four door sedan, GSA plates.  He was here on official business.  She would process that later.  At the moment she just slid across the seat.  Bench seat.  No center counsel or bucket seats.  A bench.  She took the middle.  He slid in next to her and hit the road.  East out of town.  Not that it mattered.  She would have gone with him anywhere.  She kept a hand on the back of his neck, and her head on his shoulder.
In two turns it was obvious where he was headed.  The Hilton resort.  She watched trees flash by, kissed his neck, held him tight.  The Hilton would be fine.  The sooner the better.
The Hilton was on an island in the Menominee River.  Room for a nine hole golf course.  Gardens, a ball room, oak paneled dining room and bar.  As fancy as northeastern Wisconsin got.  Nice.  Not that it mattered.  It was a hotel.  It had beds.  He parked, she slid out of the car and took his hand.  The hallways were long.  Too damn long, but they got to his room.  It had a bed.  He had her.  She had him.
She was impatient.  His dress uniform had a million buttons.  There had been nights when she had teased him as she worked his buttons.  Not today.  She pulled.  Under the tunic was another row of buttons on his shirt.  Her fingers flew down the row.  Then a belt, shoes, socks.  Far too much.  She stepped out of her shoes, he unzipped her dress, she was naked in less time than it took her to get his pants off.
He lay on his back.  Far too heavy to ride a woman.  He would crush her.  Even a larger woman like Kat.  He automatically lay on his back.  She lay across his chest.  There was a pause.  She held her head above his, watching his eyes.  Her hair slid down on both sides of their faces, putting both faces in shadow.  This was a face she knew.  She loved looking at it.  Slightly wider nose.  Wide, full mouth.  Dark eyes.  Deep brown beneath heavy brows.  One long crease across his forehead.  A bit deeper than she remembered.  A white scar running up into his short, black hair.  Curly hair that might have covered the scar if he wished.  He didn’t.  Ribbons stayed with his uniform.  The scar stayed with his face.
He was obviously inspecting her as she inspected him.  She was grateful she had applied at least a little makeup.  But she knew he could see crow’s feet at the edge of each eye, and wrinkles above her upper lip.  She was forty six.  She wouldn’t hide that any more than he would hide his scar.  She kept her face where he could see it.  She waited.
She felt him stiffening beneath her.  Enough waiting.  She spread her legs, and moved her hips until she was positioned over him.  She hadn’t been with him in four years, but she could feel where to place herself, and when to slide down onto him.  She felt his heat through her entire body.  
His turn.  She raised up her chest and extended her arms just past his shoulders.  He took her hips in his hands, holding her like he might a basketball.   Holding her tight.  His fingers would leave marks on the sides of her hips.  They always did.  They tightened on her now, and began to move her down onto him.  He brought her all the way down, then raised her, then brought her down again.  She moved, angling her hips, but he held her and moved her in a rhythm of his own choosing.  Slow as she warmed to him, then somewhat faster, but never too fast.  She felt each thrust.  And waited for the next.  
He felt huge inside her.  And hot.  Sweat ran down her back.  Her mouth opened as she drew larger and larger breaths.  Her legs seemed to spread wider, and she felt her arms weaken, lowering her breasts against him.  He held her.  And moved her.  Taking her down onto him, and him deep into her.  Waves of heat began moving through her hips.  Her breathing all but stopped.  And still he held her.  And moved her.  Pulling her to him.  Taking her.
She felt him climax, and she collapsed across his chest.  Still he held her hips.  Still he kept her tight against him.  She lay her head on one huge shoulder, and put her hand across to the other.  She kissed his neck.  She struggled to breathe, finally falling into a cadence with his, rising on his chest with each of his breaths, exhaling as she was lowered.  She breathed when he breathed.  She kissed him each time she exhaled.
His hands never left her hips.  He held her.  He would keep her.  He had taken her once.  He would take her again when he chose.  She lay across his chest, ran a hand across his shoulder, and felt the strength of his hands.  He would take her again.  She was sure of that.  She would wait.  And enjoy.
“You took long enough to come for me.”
“Far too long.  No excuses.  Long apology.  You look fabulous by the way.”
“You look like a recruiting poster.  Not for the Army.  But for men.  Women of the world, look what you get.”
“And I get you.”  He tightened his hands around her hips.
“I am yours, obviously.  Always have been.  Always will be.  Take me.  But.  How long do I get you this time?”
“You’re coming with me to Lithuania.”
Kat didn’t raise her head to look into his face.  She didn’t need to.  She could feel his hands on her hips.  Still strong.  Still holding her tight.  He had come to take her.  Lithuania.  She moved her legs just to see if he would let her go.  His hands tightened.  She couldn’t break free of his grasp.  Nor did she want to.
“Okay.  Lithuania.  Fine.”
“Nice place.  Friendly people.”
“NSA may have some interest in Lithuania, but I suspect they are more interested in Poland or Belarus.  And, by the way, I have no experience in any of those countries.”
“You are a quick learner.”
“Maybe.”  She moved her legs again, just to feel his hands tighten on her hips.  It was an amazing feeling.  “If you want Lithuania, fine.  I will go with you to Lithuania.  Or anywhere else.  You know that.”  She moved her head closer to his ear, and whispered to him.  Lots of pauses.  Lots of whispers.  The first were obvious, but she said them anyway.  “I am yours.  To have and to hold.  Yours.  Fuck me.  Do, please, fuck me.”  
As the afternoon passed, and his hands held her hips and her head stayed on his chest, she whispered something else.  “Kevin, you also need to talk to me.  You could start by telling me why we aren’t married.  Or maybe end with that.  But talk to me.  Hold me.  Fuck me.  And then, if you want, take me to Lithuania.”



Chapter 32
Talk

Kat rode his chest all afternoon.  Her head stayed in his shoulder.  Her hand traced the lines of his face, the veins running the length of his arms, the bulges of his chest and abs.  She kissed him.  He turned his face, and they smiled at each other.  He moved one hand around her shoulders to hold her.  She immediately tried to move off him, only to have him tighten his grip.  Satisfied, she went back tracing his body with her fingers.
They talked on occasion, and once she punched him.
“We could have done this every day for the last four years.”
He stroked her back and pulled her head down on his shoulder again.  He spoke, but dodged any mention of the past.  He took them into the future.
“You can pack tomorrow.  Thursday we fly to Europe.  Two stops and we are in Vilnius.  Orientation for two weeks.  Mostly sitting through State Department lectures.  Then to work.  I am military attaché.  You will work two blocks away at the American Information Center.  Assistant Director.  GS 10.  Sorry, I tried for GS 14, but the director is just GS 12.”
“And what do we really do?”
“We listen, we go here and there, and we make friends.”
“Two weeks with the State Department?”
“Embassy protocol, the org chart, their view of the world.  Our tutors will be brilliant, they’ll be in their twenties, and they will be from Harvard or Yale.  They have it all figured out.  They are certain we will be grateful for their insights.”
“And the real situation?”
“Lithuania is waiting for Russia to invade, or take over their media, or install a friendly dictator, or demand Soviet statues be returned.  They don’t know.  I don’t know.  Nobody knows, including the fucking Russians.”
“You’ve been there?”
“For the last two years.”
“And you came home…”
“To get you.”
Kat chose not to ask the obvious question.  It could wait.  She shifted her weight, just to feel his arm tighten around her.  His to have and to hold.  She definitely was.  She kissed his neck.  But she was tempted to punch him again.  Four years.  She could have been held in his arms for four years.  He needed to answer for that.  But not yet.
They showered as the sun set.  He barely fit.  One shoulder pushed out the shower curtain.  She washed him.  Slowly.  She pulled the soap bar across his shoulders, then slowly down.  She pressed herself against him as she washed.  He kept one arm across her back and another across her ass.  Both held her tight.  His to have and to hold.  There was a lot of him to wash, and a lot of him to press herself against.  Sometimes she kissed him, sometimes she whispered her love.  Many times she repeated, “tighter.”
The Hilton dining room had a dress code.  It was a Hilton.  Finally out of the shower, one towel around her hair, another around her chest, Kat picked her sundress off the floor.  It would meet the dress code.  Barely.
“Look in the closet.”  Kevin was already half dressed, working his way through a thousand buttons.  He pointed toward the other end of the room.
Kat found two garment bags, and two suitcases.  One of the suitcases was hers, as was one of the garment bags.  
“You kept all this?”
“I thought you would come for it.”
Kat pulled the zipper down the long side of the garment bag.  Six dresses.  Fancy.  Sexy, really.  Dresses she had bought during their time together.  Dresses she left at his apartment for many reasons.
“These were too young for me when I was forty one.  I would look silly in them now.”
“Are you sure?”
A challenge.  And a temptation.  She remembered each dress, and each occasion when she had worn it.  Always with him.  Always knowing he was pleased.
All of the dresses were small.  None of them were simple.  She opened her suitcase to find the underwear that went with each.  Lots of elastic.  Too many stays.  She put on what she needed to put on, knowing he was watching her every move.  She might have teased him a bit, but she wasn’t sure her clothes would even fit.  Lots of elastic.  She pulled on what she needed, hoping she could actually get hooks in eyes.  Even when she managed that, she wondered which zippers would close.  She went with a golden cocktail dress, satin, strapless, skirt flared to her knees.  She had worn it when he had hosted a dinner after a unit commendation.  And she wore it because she recalled it fit better than any of the others.
“I remember that dress, Kat.  When we walked into the O club, every conversation stopped, and every head turned.  You were astonishing that night.”
“They stopped to look at you.  And to applaud.  You were their host.”
“They glanced at me.  They looked at you.  And wished they were me.”
“I was arm candy.  You with a chest full of ribbons, a chest broader than some doorways.  Me with my boobs hanging out.  A shiny thing on your arm.”
“Beauty, elegance, charm.  You have no idea how proud I was to escort you to dinners.”
“Give me some time to work on my hair, and you can take me to dinner one more time.”
Kat had enough in her purse to pull her hair into place and get some color on parts of her face.  Kevin sat in a chair near the windows watching her.  She wondered when his phone would emerge.  She had already had him for multiple hours uninterrupted.  Soon he would need to respond to something back in Washington or Lithuania.  But so far, his phone stayed in his pocket, and his eyes stayed on her.
She didn’t press her luck.  She did what she could with her face, then dug through her suitcase for shoes.  She had to smile.  Every pair had two inch heels.  Two inches left her still two inches shorter than him.  She would always look up to him.  Define love.  Paying attention to how two people looked at each other when they stood together.  That had been her.  Given a chance, it would be her again.
The dining room was nearly empty.  No surprise.  A Tuesday in October.  Not prime time for any business in Marinette County.  Two other couples sat at tables near the windows.  In summer there were gardens to admire.  Not much now, not in the dark.
Kat and Kevin stood near the door.  Kat’s pulse moved up a few beats.  She wondered if his did too.  A waitress or hostess would come for them, and her face would react.  Maybe just a sudden reflex.  Maybe a longer look.  But there was always a look.  In this case the look was brief.  Surprise, really.  Surprise that he was huge?  Surprise at the uniform?  Surprise he was with a white woman?  Maybe all three.  
Her smile came quickly.  A welcome.  An invitation.  An offer of seating choices.  The dining room had a stone fireplace.  Kevin selected that.  And he held the seat closest to the fireplace for Kat.  She took it and waited.  The table was arranged for a couple, but the chairs sat opposite each other.  Kevin moved his chair so it was beside Kat’s.  The hostess quickly moved the place settings to the new location.
The room screamed “Hilton.”  Oak wainscoting, beamed ceiling, mirrors and framed landscapes on the walls.  Tables were cloth covered, and chairs were leather.  The building was rumored to have been a favorite of gangster Al Capone a century earlier.  Kat wondered if the décor would be more interesting if they had kept whatever style had dominated in Capone’s day.
“A section of Vilnius is centuries old.  Knocked down by the Germans going east, and then knocked down again by the Soviets going west, the locals have had a few decades to restore it.  You’ll like it.  Lots of very interesting restaurants.  And your information center is right on the edge of it.”
So, Kat decided, he had defined the evening’s topic of conversation.  They would still talk the future.  Still talk Vilnius.  He asked for a wine list and talked local wines.  They both ordered a walleye salad, and he talked Lithuanian sea food.  She did what she needed to do.  She asked about wine, about food, about shopping, about weather.
“You are taking me to northern Europe, just in time for winter.”
“Wet winters.  Lots of rain.  They say Lithuanians never smile.  But I like them.  And they knock themselves out trying to be friendly to Americans.  We will be invited to a million parties.  And of course the embassy has socials.  You will be a star there.”
He was still describing embassy parties when their meal was done and the waitress had served their coffee.  Kat nodded and smiled through his third or fourth party description, and then couldn’t help herself any more.
“You were going to marry me.  You hadn’t asked, but it was obvious.  We had been together for over eight months, I was practically living at your apartment, and I was just four months from my twenty.  You ask, I accept, I muster out, and we get married.  One, two, three.  Couldn’t be simpler.”
She had kept her voice down, but somehow it seemed like she was shouting.  Maybe the silence of the room.  Maybe the look on his face.  She saw pain.  And anger.
“You met my mother.  You met my sisters.  All my life I have had three strong women watching my back.  My mother stood on the corner, watching to make sure I got home from high school.  My sisters checked my homework.  All three of them made sure I took the right girl to prom.  They came to see me at West Point, and they attended every promotion ceremony.  They cried every time when I went off to sandland, and they sat at my bedside each time I was wounded.”
“Kevin, I met them.  I liked them.  And they liked me.  I know it.”
“Yes, they liked you.  But not as my wife.  When my mother was a child, it wasn’t even legal to marry outside your race.  Not in Virginia.  And my sisters, they pushed one Black woman after another at me.  To them it was a matter of pride.  Why are Black women always last?  They pushed me again and again.  And there you were.  A woman strong enough to be an Army officer.  Hell, a woman better than them at basketball.  You were exactly what they didn’t want.”
“So you tell me this now?  Four years after you get yourself transferred to Kandahar, and leave me sitting in fucking Maryland?”  Kat knew her voice was getting louder.  She also knew others were listening.  She had her back to the two couples by the windows, but all conversations had stopped.  The only sounds in the room were her angry, exasperated words.
“Yes.  I tell you now.”
“And your mom, your sisters, now they approve of me?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“Because if I don’t take you to Vilnius, you will be killed.”



Chapter 33
A Long Walk

Kat waited until they were back in his room, and then she started punching him.  She bent back her knuckles and hit with her palms, and she stood close enough that there was no snap in her punches as they landed, but still, she hit full force, center chest.  Any other man would have been on the ground.  He stood and took it, even though she could see she was hurting him.  She hit him anyway.  Eight times, ten times, smashing her palms into him.  His face turned red, but he stood still and let her punch.
When she stopped, she stepped closer and put her head on his chest.  He was breathing hard.  She had hurt him.  She rested her head against him, then began unbuttoning his uniform.  After three buttons she stopped and walked to the closet.  The closet door was still open, her garment bag hanging from the bar, her suitcase open on the floor.  She hung her dress in the garment bag again, and pulled off all the elastic she was wearing under it.  Kneeling down, she rummaged through her suitcase.  She had seen what she wanted, folded neatly in a corner.
The nightgown was special.  Black and long.  And tight.  It held every curve.  She had bought it the day of their second date.  First date?  Smiles, easy talk, a light kiss as they parted.  For the second date she had a plan.  She would invite him in.  Her apartment.  One of a hundred or so in yet another apartment complex off yet another road that fed the beltway into DC.  One bedroom apartments, a gym, a pool, a hundred people living alone.  He would come up, somehow she would go off into her bedroom, and when she came out, she would seduce him.
It worked out differently.  She did go into her bedroom and change, but she didn’t come out the temptress, the seductress.  She came out wearing this shiny black nightgown, clinging to her breasts, tight against her waist so it could show the curve of her hips and thighs.  A slit up the side showed her right leg as she walked across the room to him.  But she didn’t feel like a temptress.  She felt completely vulnerable standing before him.  She stood, hands at her sides, looking up at him, thinking - this is me.  Every curve, every lock of hair, all of me is yours.  If you want me.  Please want me.  Please love me.
There had been some confusion as he carried her back into her bedroom.  She had expected to be under him.  Only when he finished undressing and pulled her onto him did she understand.  Then it was obvious.  He was huge.  He would never put his weight on her.  She slid onto his chest, looking for the right position, but that was simple.  He pulled up her nightgown and positioned her hips.  She slid onto him, and his hands took her hips and held her.  He pulled her onto him, and took her.  She had slept that night on his chest.  Not a temptress, but a woman in love.
Now she knelt by her suitcase, unfolding her nightgown.  She pulled it over her head.  Still tight.  Still clinging to her breasts, hips, and thighs.  She pulled it down over her legs and looked over at her man.  His uniform now a pile on a chair, he stood and waited for her.  She would have to come to him - somehow one of the rules of their coupling.  She waited, playing a bit with one of the straps, then standing and stepping to him.  She felt like she had the first time in that gown.  Take me.  Hold me.  Love me.  Please.
He lifted her and put her in the bed, his arms wrapped around her.  His body on hers.  She moved a bit to one side, thinking she was to roll out from under him and get into her normal position, but his arms tightened around her, pressing her arms against her sides, his hips holding her down, his mouth covering hers.  He pulled up her gown and entered her.  She felt him slide in, stiff, deep inside her.  His arms tight around her again, his face on hers.  He held her immobile.  She felt his weight, and his breath, and his erection.  She was unable to move, barely able to breath.  
This was new.  This was him taking charge.  He would command her now.  
“We will marry in a month.  Enough time for you to find a dress you like, and to choose bride’s maids from the embassy staff.  We will marry in the embassy.  The reception will be in the ballroom.  We will eat, and dance, and you will look like a queen among her subjects.  As we exit, the Marine guard will form ranks and hold swords crossed above our heads.  We will honeymoon on the coast in a hotel built for Prussian nobility.  You will be my wife.  To have and to hold.  To love.  Til dead do us part.”
He held his face above hers, and watched her as he began to move inside her, holding her arms and shoulders in a vise while he rocked his hips and moved deeper and deeper into her.  She looked up at him as she felt him in her, and felt surges of heat.  He took her.  His to have and to hold.  His.  She opened her mouth once to say something, she wasn’t sure what, but he lowered his face and kissed her, rocking into her harder and faster while she felt her temperature surge.  He took her.  And she let him.  She could move her hands.  She put them on his hips.  She could move her legs.  She spread them.  She moved her shoulders once, just because she wanted to feel him tighten his grip on her.  She was his.  Completely his.  He drove himself into her, and she pressed her hands against his hips, loving the heat.  She was his.
His arms stayed around her all night.  He leaned to one side, his weight on a shoulder, but he pulled her tight against his chest, her face buried against his neck, his breath hot against her hair.  She kissed his neck, kept her hips against his, a hand on his ass.  She was hot from sex, hot from being held against his body.  If she moved, it was just so she could feel his arms tighten around her.  She was his.  She could see herself married.  The gown, the ceremony, the marine guard, the feel of her hand in his.  It was all as real as the body that now pressed against hers.
In the morning he carried her into the shower.  She held him, kissed him, washed him.  He pressed her against the wall.  He held her there.  He took her.  Again.  She was his.  She stood, waited, felt his heat again.  He held her tight.  She struggled so he would hold her tighter.  She whispered in his ear.  She told him of her love.  And her longing.
When they dressed, he put on his uniform.  She went back to her sundress.  Her Amberg dress.  She stared at him as she stepped into it.  He noticed.
“Kat, you’re going to be my wife.”
“Yes.”
“You’re coming with me.”
“Yes.”
“Kat, if I have to, I’ll bind your wrists and put you in the trunk of my car.  You are going to do this.  You are going to Lithuania, and you will marry me.”
“I’m going with you.  But this is my day to pack.  You said so.”  She turned her back and continued drying her hair.  He repacked his suitcase and garment bag, placing them by the door.
“We leave tonight.”
“We leave tomorrow.  Tonight we spend at my lodge.  I’ll cook for you.”
So it went most of the day.  He gave an order.  She agreed, then countermanded.  He wanted to breakfast at the hotel.  She wanted to breakfast in town.  They carried their bags out to the car.  He loaded them into the trunk, then left the trunk open and pointed to the empty area.  She went to the driver’s side of the car and slid across the seat.  When he got in, she took his arm and pulled it around her shoulders.  
Lois and Marie were happy to have breakfast customers.  Kat and Kevin had the place to themselves.  Kevin ordered pancakes.  Kat had eggs and toast.  Lois was back and forth to their table half a dozen times with plates, then salt, then butter, then syrup, finally bringing their food.  She had lots to say each time she came to their table.  Mostly about the weekend.  Plans she had for the meals.  Kat smiled and nodded.  Marie stood at the edge of kitchen and watched.  Neither Lois nor Marie asked the obvious.  Kat did introductions, of course, but “Colonel Kevin McCurry” was just a name.  It told them nothing.  They had watched him seat Kat, and take her hand, and spend a lot of time looking at her.  So who was this guy with “their” Kat?
He paid the bill with cash, left a twenty percent tip, and walked out holding her hand.  Outside, he got in his car, she got into the minibus that had been parked outside all night, and the two of them drove off together.  Lois and Marie watched from their window and had a lot to say to each other the rest of the day.  
Kat spent much of the morning giving Kevin a tour of the lodge.  Each room.  How it had changed – fewer antlers and stuffed fish, more candles and landscapes.  How she used each room on her weekends.  How her weekends worked.  Why she chose the activities she chose.
In a way she felt like she had that first night in her apartment.  Standing for his inspection.  This is me.  This is who I am.  Take me.  Love me.  But somehow she felt on more solid ground.  She had built this.  Made this.  Succeeded at this.  And she had done it after he had abandoned her.  When she brought him into the dining room, or showed him how she had decorated the guest rooms, she felt pride.  And she expected his response.
She got it as they finished the tour of the guest rooms and stood on the landing overlooking the great room.
“You did well, Kat.”
She noticed the past tense.  It was over now.  Did.  She did well.  And now?
“They’re not going to kill me, Kevin.”
“If they fought fair, I think you could hold them off.  But they’re not going to fight fair.”
“It’s just books, Kevin.  Let me show you.”
Kat didn’t wait for a response.  She was down the stairs and to the front door, grabbing her coat as she went.  She paused just outside the door, then started moving again when he joined her.
“You need to see what all the fuss is about.”
Kat took his hand and led him around the lake road.  The weather was still holding.  Mid-October can be anything in northern Wisconsin.  The breeze was cool, clouds covered much of the sky, but the sun appeared as they walked along the lake.  She kept their pace up, and they stayed warm.
There were workmen at the repository site.  And delivery trucks.  They had built a gravel path from the road through the trees to the front doors of the repository.  Kat pulled Kevin up the path and around half a dozen men carrying materials into the building.  She didn’t stop until she was standing inside.
“This is what all the angst is about.  A warehouse.  A big empty warehouse.”  Actually it wasn’t really empty at all.  Workmen had ladders up and were installing ceiling sections and lighting.  In one corner men were erecting the first bookshelves.  Progress was underway.    
“As you can see,” Kat motioned towards the block walls.  “She wanted a solid building.  Steel on the outside, concrete block on the inside.  What you can’t see is the foundation.  She took poured concrete down below the frost line.  She wants this place to last.”  
“The work of an amateur.”  He pulled her back outside.  His turn to wave his arm.  “Cleared.  Fifty feet in every direction.  Not a tree, not a bush.  It’s an eyesore, really.  Lake frontage, gentle slope with birches and poplars.  If this weren’t the middle of nowhere, this hill would be hot property.  Now, ruined.  Why?  She thinks they will try to burn it from outside.  Why would they?  Once through the doors, they can put incendiaries among the books.  The walls she thinks protect the books, actually protect the attackers once they are inside.”
“Yes, she’s an amateur, but she put some thought into it.  Did you notice the Jerusalem entry?  You can’t go straight in.  You come through the steel entry doors, then face the block wall.  You have to turn right and go twelve feet before a second internal entry.”
“Kat, she read a book on medieval defenses.  Scratch that.  The Jerusalem gates were built by the Romans.  She read really old books and built obvious defenses.  Does she plan to have archers on the interior wall?”
“Kevin, she tried.  Give her some credit.  She values her books, and wants to protect them.”  
“Can she?  Kat, go back to your training.  Can this position be defended?”
“Against whom?  Who’s the enemy, Kevin?”  Kat faced Kevin, inches separating them.  She needed to look up at him, but that was fine.  Her chin was up, her eyes direct.  She wanted an answer.  “Is the government coming, Kevin?  Is that what you are here to tell me?  Orwell was right and now they want to write their own history?  If so, no, she can’t protect this position.  They’ll hit it from the air and fill the lake with book ashes.”
“That day may come.”  Kevin was just as direct as Kat.  More significant than his words – at least from Kat’s perspective – was his hands.  He didn’t try to hold her, or even touch her.  His hands stayed at his sides.  “We’re not there yet.  At least I don’t think we are.  But the government is not your only problem.  At the moment it seems like every man in America has an AR-15 and an axe to grind.  They almost took over the Michigan capital – with plans to decapitate the governor – for asking them to wear a face mask during an epidemic.  You don’t want to be here when they come for you.  And they will come for you.  Whether the government, or internet crazies, or some other bunch, they will all have the same plan of attack.”  He pointed to Kat, then to Bethany’s cabin, then to the book barn.  “They will take out you, then her, then the barn.”
“But they can’t take me out, can they?  I will be in Vilnius, sitting at a desk in the Information Center, planning my wedding.”  Kat held his stare for a moment, then spun on her heel and started down the path to Bethany’s cabin.
Kevin followed several paces behind.  Each gave the other time to cool.  
Kat hadn’t been to Bethany’s cabin since the night of the fire.  Everything farther down the hill was a blackened mess.  Some of the trees she had downed had burned, others just lay in a clutter.  Even the grass had burned, right up to the line Kaitlyn had raked.  The pine tree Bethany had held her hose on had lost branches and needles on the side closest to the fire.  It stood like a marker for the extent, and the danger, of the fire.
“There was an empty cabin down there.”  Kat pointed into the blackened area.  “Been for sale for years.  Unused.  He set it on fire.  Once it got going, it set fire to the trees around it.  You can see where and how it spread.”
“You stopped it once.  You won’t be able to stop it the next time, or the time after that.  Kat, your position is indefensible.  The barn goes up, or the cabin goes up, or they both go up.  The end of all this is obvious.  And invisible.  You know how it will be written up?  A fire of unknown origin took out a very old cabin and a barn in the middle of nowhere.  No muss, no fuss, two column inches in whatever newspaper is still publishing in whatever county this is.”
“There was a fire.  We stopped it.  There was an effort to corrupt her collection.  We caught it.  We are two and oh.”
“Kat, you haven’t even understood the war you are fighting.  You think this is about books?  Maybe.  In part.  But the world is full of old books.  The only person making these old books valuable is her.”
“That’s it?”
“It would be if it weren’t for two women – her, and you.”
They had descended the hill and now stood before Bethany’s cabin.  Kat waited to see if Lois would come out, shotgun in hand.  But the place seemed empty.
“World’s most important book collection, and she leaves it unguarded?”  Kevin climbed up on the porch and tried the door.  It opened.  He walked in.
“Lois is probably off on her canoe.  But there are workmen around to watch the place.”  Kat walked in behind him.  If anything, there were even more books in the cabin.  She wasn’t sure how they were able to cook a meal or even get back to their bedroom.
“You mean like they are watching now?”  Kevin stepped carefully around the room, picking up a book here and there, opening to the copyright page.  “The fifties and sixties appear to be important years to her.”
“Veterans educating themselves when they got back from the war.  She gave me a long lecture on encyclopedias and grocery stores.”
“Ninety nine cents per volume.  My grandfather had me read every word.  Tested me.  If you were Black and middle class, Funk and Wagnalls sat out for all to see.”
Kat stood close to the door.  The smell of mildew was strong.  And there was dust in the air.  Lots of it.  And it felt wrong to be in the cabin without Bethany.
“Seen enough?”  Kat backed to the door.  Keven took another turn around the room, stopping for a moment at the bedroom door.  Kat knew what he was seeing.  Two twin beds.  Metal.  Probably put there decades earlier by the original owners.  They used them weekends for fishing, and ten days during deer season.  Bethany had been sleeping there for months.
“You know she’s rich, right?”  He followed Kat out of the cabin.  He took the path to the road and turned left, along the burned area, and to the path Kat and Kaitlyn had taken to the farm house.  He stopped when he got to that path.  He wanted Kat to know that he knew.
“You were right to stop Kaitlyn.  There was no reason to shoot him.  And they owe you one, Kat.”
“You plan to tell me who they are?”
“I assume they were a work group from some agency.  And I assume they sent a man.  And I assume he exceeded his orders.”
“Lots of assumptions.”
“That’s all I’ve got, Kat.  But like I said, I think you did the right thing.”
Kat waited until he started down the road again.
“Tell me about her being rich.”
“If you’re a high school librarian, you used at least one of her text books.  And consulting.  Two thousand a day.  Lots of Fortune Five Hundred companies need tutoring in how to get their own data.  The latest thing – big data.  And there’s Washington.  She has probably hit every agency in town at least once.  She has supporters.  They want to learn, but they also want to help.  I don’t think NSA was the only agency padding her fees, knowing where the money would be used.  Besides, they say she does a pretty good workshop, and has a sense of humor.”
“So far I have missed the humor.”
“Here’s another point you missed.”  He took her hand as they walked.  “There are ten thousand lakes in Wisconsin.  She could have afforded a far nicer home on a far better lake.  Why is she here?”
“Minnesota.”
“What?”
“Minnesota is the land of ten thousand lakes.  Wisconsin just has eighty five hundred.”
“Eighty five hundred, and she picks this one.”  He pointed towards the water.  
Both of them saw Lois slowly paddling across.  She had gained no skill after all her afternoons on the water.  She still sat at the wrong end – the bow – and still paddled with short strokes, often hitting her own canoe as she drew the paddle back through the water.
“She tells Bethany she is fishing, but she is actually paddling close to my shore so she can access my wi-fi.”
“Let me guess – your password is 1234.”
“No.  It’s ‘guest’”
“It would be interesting to know what she is downloading.”
“I hope it’s porn.”
“We haven’t learned much about her.  We know she was employed by Carnegie Mellon University.  We don’t think she was a custodian.  They are doing a pretty good job protecting her employment records.”
“She’s old, she’s cranky, she hauls around a shotgun that weighs more than she does.”
“Old, cranky, and armed.  You just described half of America’s grandparents.”
“Tell me no one’s going to hurt her.”
He waited until they were back at the lodge before he answered.
“There are lots of ways this can end, all of them easier if you aren’t here.”



Chapter 34
A Fireside Chat

Kat said she wanted to pack, and used that as an excuse for some alone time.  Kevin went off to the great room to build a fire.
Alone time.  Kat stood staring into her closet.  She had hung up the garment bag with the clothes he had brought.  Clothes she had worn for him.  She remembered buying each dress, and the first time she had worn it.  For him.  He always worked late.  She always left work at five.  She had a key to his apartment.  A gift after just a month of dating.  She drove over after work, bringing her latest purchases.  Quickly out of her uniform, quickly into something she hoped he would like.  
He stayed in uniform more than almost any officer she knew.  She got out of uniform as soon as she could.  Less than a year left to her enlistment, she raced to civilian clothes and to a civilian life - a life she assumed would be as his wife.  If he wanted to stay and make a career of the army, fine.  She wanted a career as his wife.  
She changed in his apartment, her collection of clothing taking more and more room in his closet.  Sometimes she made dinner for him.  Sometimes she just waited for him to take her out to dinner.  She was at the door when he came home.  Dressed.  Ready.  Pleased to see the look on his face when he saw her.  The first glimmer, the instant before a smile could be faked.  His obvious pleasure.  His big arms.  The warmth of his hug.
She could imagine all these clothes in Vilnius.  She continued that phantasy for a little longer.  The dresses were fancy enough for the embassy.  She had worn them with him in Washington.  She could wear them with him wherever they went. 
The rest of her closet?  Jeans, sweaters, heavy padded clothes for hunting.  A few sun dresses like the one she wore.  Probably good enough to wear at the imaginary office job, doing whatever people did at an information center.  Nothing fancy.  Amberg didn’t do fancy.  Parties, gatherings, jeans and sweaters.  Maybe a sun dress in the summer.  
There was one exception in the Amberg portion of her closet.  She had bought a formal for a New Year’s Eve party.  Jim was taking her to a gathering of teachers.  A first for her.  A public statement about their growing relationship.  She had gone to Green Bay for the dress.  It took her all day to find what she wanted.  Formal, but sexy.  Enough to attract his attention without being too obvious about it.  A deeper shade of red, russet, satin, off the shoulder, floor length with flowing skirts.  She liked the look.  She was more aware of the sounds it made as she moved.  The skirts rustled.  Every time she was near him, he would hear her, a constant murmur of satin.  Just on the edge of consciousness.  Her siren song.
She had never worn the dress.  Jim’s father had experienced his first heart attack that afternoon.  Yelling at a football game on TV.  No party.  No introductions to all the teachers.  No dancing.  No rustling.
She put it on now.  She would have a romantic evening.  Whatever came next, she felt entitled that that.  A candle light dinner.  Maybe just the two of them dancing.  She hung her sundress with the others, found the bra that went with her formal, pulled on the formal, plus heels and ear rings.  Half an hour passed quickly as she worked on her face and hair.  And she was happy with the result.  She would rustle.
He was still in the great room.  He had a fire going, but his attention was on his phone.  Inevitable.  The world was calling him.  Needing him.  Fine.  She walked through the room.  Before he raised his head, she was down the hall and to the kitchen.  She would feed him cheese and crackers.  A small offering.  Ceremonial, really.  Share my food.  Share my home.  She made a circle of cheese slices on a plate, added a circle of crackers, and carried her offering to her man.
She stood before him.  Darkness was already falling outside.  Inside was the light and warmth of the fireplace.  She stood, plate in both hands, waiting while he looked up from his phone.  The instant he looked up was all that mattered.  The instant before conscious effort moved his face and erased the irritation, or the disappointment.  She saw neither.  The phone disappeared.  His pleasure was obvious and immediate.
“Kat, you will own Vilnius.”
“All I want is you.”
She put the cheese plate on a small table beside him, and climbed onto his lap.  She leaned into his chest and lowered her head onto his shoulder.  His huge arm went around her and held her bare shoulders tight against him.
“I’ll make you dinner later, and get you a glass of wine now if you like.”
“I have all I want.”  He pulled her tight with one hand, and ran his other hand over her thighs.  She smiled as she heard her skirts rustle.
“Since we’re getting married, I think I should tell you about how I chased you down.”
“Kat, I am the one who chased you.”
“Eventually.  And well.  But I wanted you before you knew I existed.”
“I doubt it.”
“True.  You knew how I felt after Afghanistan.”  She paused.  She looked into his face briefly, then laid her head back on his shoulder.  “No secret.  I was a complete burn out.  I wasn’t sure I could make it to the end of my enlistment, much less fill my twenty.  But command did right by me.  They gave me a mindless job at Meade.  Maybe the least challenging assignment in the Army.  Review base security.  Update security protocols.  Update security training.  Supervise security training.  It was all needless.  Fort Meade is all about housing NSA, and security for NSA was first rate.  My job was to sit in meetings, change a paragraph here and a paragraph there, and gradually recover from my PTSD.”
“The tedium helped.  The schedule, the meetings, the forms, even the DC traffic.  All deadening.  One day followed another.  Endless idiocy.  A base full of math geniuses who were forever losing their security badges.  Security alerts that were just some dummy propping open a door so he could sneak out for a smoke.  There’s maybe six people under eighty in America who still smoke, and all of them worked at Meade.  Trivial.  All of it.  And all of it helped me heal.”
“Then one day I see you at some meeting.  You’re huge.  A major stud.  But more importantly, you are still in the game.  About as many years as me, but you have made light colonel.  Talk is you have a star in your future.  You are actually paying attention in the meeting.  You contribute.  I checked and found you had done every bit as much in sandland as I had, but somehow you still had gas in your tank.  I sat closer at other meetings.  I watched.  You were for real.  That’s when I wanted you.”
“You have it all wrong, Kat.”  Kevin played with Kat’s hair.  When she looked up at him, he smiled.  “I was after you a full month before that meeting.  I saw you in an elevator.  You were tall, beautiful, and an obvious athlete.  I thought, this woman could kick the ass of every man in this building.  And every man would be happy about it if she gave him her phone number.”
“Bull shit.”
“True.  From that point on I suggested we should have better project coordination with security, and you were invited to meetings.”
“Devious.  A stud, but devious.”  She kissed his neck.
“It worked.  It got me a wife.”  The arm around her shoulders tightened.  And she thought, to have and to hold.  His hold was unbreakable.



Chapter 35
Not the Best Dinner

They clung together, warmed by the fire.  Kat had much more to say, but chose not to say it.  Not yet.  Instead, she enjoyed his warmth, his hands, his strength.  She wasn’t sure how much time passed, but any hint of daylight was now gone.  The only light in the great room came from the fire.  Finally she stirred.  She promised him dinner.  He held her tight against him before finally releasing her.
Dinner, she thought, would be a triumph.  Before she did anything in the kitchen she set the dining room, wall sconces at their lowest level, two candelabras lit and carefully positioned, a bottle of wine opened to breathe.  Then to the kitchen.  As always, the refrigerator and pantry were filled with leftovers.  She found everything she wanted for two large salads, then pan seared two salmon steaks.  Presentation took more time than cooking.  She wanted the salad to show the cherry tomatoes and the gentle curves of onion.  The salmon needed the perfect color and the perfect placement atop the salad.  She balanced both plates with care, grateful when they made it to the dining room table in good order.
Kevin had his phone out again when she went for him, but he put it away quickly.  He took her hand and followed her into the dining room, saying all the right things about the room, the lighting, the appearance of the food.  He seated her, then walked around to the other side of the table.
First mistake.  Somehow she had though it would be best for them to sit opposite each other, a chance to see each other in candle light, or more honestly, a chance for him to see her bare shoulders and bright smile by candle light.  And he did say all the right things.  But the table was huge.  Too far to reach across.  He held out his hand once, and she reached for it, but the strain was obvious.  They could talk, but not touch.  He chose to pour the wine, but even with his huge arms, it was not easy for him to reach her glass.  She should have just picked up her plate and moved next to him, but here she was in a formal gown in a formal dining room.  She chose to stay where she was.
Second mistake.  Or maybe just an extension of the first mistake.  Sitting opposite Kevin, not feeling his touch, not feeling his warmth, she found herself going back to the conversation they had started as they walked back from Bethany’s cabin.  He had said some things.  Implied some things.  Now they came back to her.
“You don’t like Bethany, do you?”  The words were out of Kat’s mouth before she could stop them.  Candle light dinner for two.  Her lover looking at the glow of her face, of her shoulders, and of her cleavage.  And she brings up Bethany.  Why?
“She has placed you in danger.  On purpose.”  Kat was fine with his first sentence.  The second felt like a challenge.  A challenge she could have, and should have, ignored.  But she didn’t.
“How so?”
“Let’s think of another way this could have gone.”  She was reaching for her wine glass and froze.  It sounded like a lecture.  Would he really lecture her?  Apparently.  “For reasons of her own, she decides to leave Chicago and move to nowhere.  She finds a cabin on a lake.  Pretty.  She wants to collect old books.  Fine.  She needs more room, so she has a builder put an addition on her cabin.  Now she can collect and display dozens of encyclopedias.  People visit her new home, admire the old books, and drink her wine.  Life is simple.”
“Her collection is too big.”
“So she builds a two story addition.”
“Here is where I argue about fires, and climate control, but you have another view.  Correct?”  Kat stared at Kevin, practically daring him to continue.
“I don’t want to fight with you Kat.”  He waited.  Time for a truce.  But too much had already been said.
“I want to hear your theory.”  Kat was leaning across the table, both hands resting on the table cloth.  Both hands ready to reach out.
“She wants to be seen.  Before she ever came up here, she had her “digital peril” work group.  She gave talks at every ALA conference.  Hell, she gave talks at NSA.  Anything digital can be altered.  We need to protect original sources.  She spends so much time lecturing around the country, her local library fires her.  So she comes up here.  She builds a book bunker so large and shiny it can be seen from space.  She hires contractors to add cement walls, just to get another bunch of contractors talking.  None of this makes her books safer.  You said yourself – one bomb and it’s all gone.  The work isn’t about safety, it’s about being seen, being noticed.”
“And me?”
“You were no accident.  She’s done her research.  Hell, NSA hires a hundred library science graduates every year.  They can dig farther and faster than anyone.  She digs and finds gold.  NSA alumna now sitting in the middle of nowhere.  Interesting background.  Good connections.  She’ll report into NSA back channels.  Add even more visibility to the project.  And you did, right?”
“Yes.”  Kat was staring eye to eye with him.  She wasn’t aware of it, but her hands were now curling into fists.  “Nice theory.  Might be right.  But finish it.  She wants to be visible.  Why?”
“Because she’s right.  Digital peril is real.  Anything we think we know could be altered.  She’s been saying it for ten years.  Orwell said it in 1950.  ‘Truth’ can be changed.”
“This is about Trump?”
“No.  Trump doesn’t have the brains or the ambition.  He never cared about truth.  He cares about money and air time.  The sorriest human being to ever walk the earth.  He doesn’t need to change the truth.  He has no interest in the truth, nor does he care what you think is the truth.”
“So who sent the guy to burn her out?”
“Kat, that woman got what she wanted.  She got noticed.  People are writing white papers about her concept.  And some people have already decided she’s going to be in the way.  Who sent the guy?  There has to be half a dozen outfits that want her gone.”
“And you?”
“I have no interest in her one way or the other.  I am here for you.  I want you at a desk in Vilnius, punching a clock and planning our wedding.”
“And her books?”
“It would be a loss.  But not the end of the world.  Attics and basements are full of old books.  Our family encyclopedias are probably up in our attic somewhere.”
“You know it’s not that simple.”
“It is plenty simple to me.  Tomorrow morning we are driving to Green Bay.  I have a plane waiting.  You will be on it, sitting next to me, or tied down next to me.” 
Kat felt herself collapse back against her chair.  Her eyes never left Kevin, but she felt like she was looking at a different face, even though not a muscle moved.  His eyes stayed focused on hers, his chin didn’t drop in embarrassment or apology.  He spoke with clarity.  With certainty.  He would take her.  His to have and to hold.  
“You think they’ll kill her.”
“You first.  You take out the sentry before you take out the target.”
“And if there’s no sentry?”
“Evans has choices.  It’s not like any of this is news to her.”
“You know what she’ll choose.”
“I know what you will choose.  We leave for Vilnius first thing in the morning.”
Kevin came around the table and picked up Kat.  She briefly thought about fighting him.  It would have been a helluva fight.  She might have lost, and she might have won.  But she knew in all the ways that really mattered, he had already lost.  So she stood.  She let him hold her.  And she looked into his eyes.  She saw anger.  And.  And something else.  
“Dance with me.”  He hadn’t been expecting that.  Good.  She had taken the initiative.  She would keep it.  Without waiting for a reply, she twisted from his arms, took his hand, and led him to the great room.  The sound system was already set for “romance.”  She pressed two buttons and then stepped close to him.  “Unchained Melody” was soft and low.  She wrapped her arms around his neck, pressed her face into his neck, and moved against him.  Her skirts quietly rustled.
He did what men do.  His arm went around her shoulders.  A hand went down to her ass and pulled her tight, raising her up onto her toes.  She cupped the back of his neck with a hand, pulling herself tighter.  She felt him begin to bulge through his pants.  She breathed into his ear, and felt herself begin to warm.
“I want you to hold me, and when this song is over, I want you to fuck me.  But as we slide against each other, and get hot as hell, I want some truth from you.”  She pulled herself even tighter against him.
“I always tell the truth.”
“Which is why you lie so badly when you lie.  Not enough practice.  Now.  Keep your hand right where it is on my ass, and hold me even tighter.  Good.  Now tell me about her.”
“Her?”
“Christ, Kevin.  You dumped me four years ago.  There have been a bunch of women, I am sure.  But I know you.  You found someone.  There is someone you are with now.”
There was a long pause, and both his arms loosened, at least a little.  But she was holding him tight, and she noticed his pants still bulged.
“Varetta Ahmad.  She’s a professor at Howard.”
“Black, I assume.”
“Yes.”
“Your mother would like that.  What does she teach?”
“African American Studies.”
“Your sisters must be ecstatic.  When’s the big day?”
“I haven’t asked her yet.  Maybe soon, but I have been busy.”
“Busy sleeping white.”
“Wow, you can be a bitch.”
“And you can be a fool.  A college professor?  How long do you think that’s going to last?  Besides color, do you have anything in common?”
“This from a woman who sleeps with a high school teacher.”
“Wrong comparison.  We are over.”
“Maybe.”
They both paused to catch their breath.  As much as they argued, Kat was careful to keep her arms around him.  And his hand was still tight against her ass.  She pulled his head down and kissed him.  Both continued to rock from side to side with the music.
“I’m trying to think how this Vilnius business would work.  You make a big thing of getting me there.  Carrying me off to safety.  Off to some place distant and new to me.  You spend a few days with me.  You talk marriage.  We walk hand in hand through the rain.”
“Yes.”
“Does your professor know about this plan?”
“Yes.”
“And she lets you do this?  She’s a fool.  Let me explain how this Vilnius thing would go.  You take me there, and you think you will leave in three or four days.  Some excuse and you will be gone.  But that’s not going to happen.  If we got there, I would keep you.  Four days would become five, then six.  And you would call her with excuses, but every day you would be more embarrassed to make the call, and more comfortable with me.  I have no idea what the hell I would do in an information center, but I know what I would do with you.”
“You’re doing it now.”
“And I will do a whole lot more before you leave in the morning.”  Kat ran her fingers up the back of his neck while pressing her hips against him.
“She said you would.”
“Smart enough to be a professor, smart enough to be a woman.  So why did she let you come here?”
“She needs a favor.”
Kat couldn’t help but laugh.  “This should be interesting.”
“Kat.  The song is over.  Enough about her.”  He picked her up and carried her back to her bedroom.



Chapter 36
A Long Night

Kevin put Kat down in the middle of her walk-in closet, and then stood at the door, slowly undressing.  She stood close, not really doing much.  Playing with her hair, fiddling with her dress.  Teasing.  Looking up into his face and smiling.  Teasing.  She was having a great time.  Finally she leaned on his shoulder with one hand, while taking her shoes off with the other.  Her skirt rustled.  He noticed.  She touched his face.
“You’re going to make love to me tonight, and then we are going to continue our talk.”  
She didn’t wait for his reply.  She leaned into his chest and pointed back to her zipper.  He reached around her to pull it down.  She thought a bit too fast.  She wasn’t after efficiency.  She continued to lean on him as she pulled her dress down.  Slowly.  He watched, smiled, and took off his tunic.  He was the only man she knew whose shoulders actually looked broader with his coat off.  She wrapped a hand across one of his shoulders as she stepped out of her dress.  Her hand looked tiny riding his shoulder.
She unbuttoned his shirt.  When his chest was bare, she leaned against him as she unhooked her bra.  She took her time.  He watched.  She watched him watch.  There were half a dozen hooks with her bra, and she undid each one carefully.  She dropped it, and her panties, and stood naked before him.  She waited until his hands were around her waist, and his face showed a huge smile.  Then she pushed past him and took a nightgown from her dresser.  Yellow satin, tiny short sleeves, deeply scooped neckline, elastic under her breasts, a flared skirt that didn’t make it anywhere near her knees.  She pulled it over her head, then stood next to her bed, waiting for him.
He took off the last of his clothes and dropped them onto his suitcase.  Kat waited, her weight on one hip, her other leg pressed out from under the yellow satin.  She didn’t have to wait long.  He put a hand under her ass and lifted her.  He put her in bed on her back, and was immediately over her.  She spread her legs, and settled herself.  He was huge, and he was right where she wanted him to be.  He spent some time making her more comfortable.  He carefully put a pillow under her head, then used his fingers to comb her hair out of her face.  His fingers stayed on her face, caressing her cheek.
“Kevin, this is nice, but I don’t need any foreplay.  Kiss me, then fuck me.”
He did.  Finally.  He wrapped his huge arms tighter around Kat, and slid up into her.  He kissed her as he rocked into her.  She felt her body shake and her back arch.  The minute he climaxed she wrapped her legs around his hips and held him tight.
“Four years, Kevin.  This could have been us.”
“Yes.”
He stayed over her, playing with her hair, kissing her, stroking her breasts.  She kept her legs locked around him.  Eventually he rolled to one side, his arms still around her, their legs settling into new positions.  She kept her face close enough to whisper.
“We have things to settle between us.  We’ll get a start on that in the morning.  Now just hold me.  We don’t have that many hours left.”
He held her against his chest while they slept.  She kept a hand on his cheek.  They slept tight together, but neither slept particularly well.  The digital clock in the room made no noise, but both of them felt the time.  At dawn Kat began the conversation both of them knew they had to have.
“I liked the Lithuania story.  I could see myself with you there.  I could feel your hand as we walked down the aisle.  I liked how I looked in my white gown.  Thank you for that.”
“I have a friend at the embassy there.  There really is an opening at the information center in Vilnius.  And you should take it.”
“And you know I won’t.”  She gave Kevin a quick kiss.  
“I still think you should leave.  If not with me, if not to Lithuania, then somewhere.  Anywhere.  Just go.”
“Two days ago.  When I saw you in the street and you put me in your car.  I would have gone with you anywhere.  I would have abandoned Bethany.  Abandoned my business.  Anywhere in the world.  You and me.”
“I saw that.  You have no idea how good that made me feel.  And how bad.”
“You came for a damsel in distress, and you tried to save her.  By lying to her.  It was a good lie.  I liked it.”
“You’re still in distress.”
“It’s distress of my own choosing.  I’m here to help.  I will do what I can.”
“It’s going to get bad, Kat.  Someone is firing up the YouTube crazies.  Maybe for eye balls, maybe for some other agenda.  We used to monitor internet traffic to predict when foreign crazies would do something ugly.  Now we monitor U.S. traffic, and it is completely off the charts.  The asylum may be coming for you, and they all have AR-15s.  And there could be other groups with long range plans.  It really could be Orwell type stuff, where they try to arrange a truth that suits them.  For all we know, there are multiple groups with that agenda.  Nobody in my circle knows which group tried to burn the barn.  People I know are monitoring traffic, and I might be able to get you some warning, but when you can’t even be sure who the players are…”
“Kevin, we dealt with that kind of world every time we drove out of Bagram.”
“We’ve been there twenty years.  How many years can you protect that barn?”
“One thing at a time, Kevin.  Let’s get it built and stocked.”
“That leads to Varetta’s request.  She wants to add to their collection.”
“Encyclopedias?”
“Her personal library.  Six boxes.  African American history.  She hopes you will get it included.”
“Added to a library that might be burned down any day now.” 
“Yes, that is the risk.  But there’s another risk.  A different history is created.  In it, happy darkies sing and dance nightly at the plantation.  Enlightened owners teach them the glories of Christianity and save their souls.”
“Kevin, you absolutely baffle me.  You want me out of here because of the danger, but you also want history protected.”
“Yes.”
“When will the books arrive?”
“Evans has a big shipment arriving in a couple weeks.  We will mix these boxes in with those.”
“And if she notices, I am to push for inclusion.”
“Yes.”
“Please tell me there is at least one history of African American soldiers.”
“She has fourteen in one of the boxes.” 
“Okay.  Now.  Are we done talking?  She gets you back tonight.  I still have you this morning.  What do you say?”
The shower was marvelous.  Kat roughed him up pretty good.  The shower walls took a beating as the two pushed each other against them.  She climbed him.  He took her.  He held her so tight she almost stopped breathing.  She held his neck so tight he nearly choked.  Once he was in her, she wrapped her legs around him so tight he couldn’t get free.  She marveled yet again at how huge his shoulders got when he gripped her.  
In the end, he dressed.  She put her nightgown back on.  That’s how she wanted him to see her – a smile, a tilt to her head, weight on one hip while her other leg slid out through the satin.  
He took his bags out to the car, then came back and stood with Kat.  She stood barefoot on the front porch, her head up and smiling.  Their arms around each other.  She felt his pants bulge, and pressed herself even closer.  The sun shone on her face.  She raised her chin to catch the sun, and to accept his last kiss.  His eyes never left her as he drove off.





Chapter 37
A Busy Morning

Kat stood in the great room, sunning herself by the south-facing windows.  She wasn’t ready to dress.  She wasn’t ready to clean eight bathrooms.  She wasn’t ready to do more than stand and feel the sun.
And then Bethany came through the door.  No knock.  She just opened the door and came straight to Kat.  Her coat and boots came off as she walked, both dropped just inside the door.  Kat noticed she was wearing her librarian clothes – white blouse and black skirt – but both shined.  Silk or some plastic material.  The material was against her before she had time to say “Good morning.”
“You must be half frozen.”  Bethany wrapped both arms around Kat, her hands sliding up and down her back.
“Were you waiting for him to leave?”  
“I was just out for my morning walk.”
“You don’t take a morning walk.”
“I did today.”  Bethany was now holding Kat with one hand, her other hand was unzipping her skirt.  “He never took his eyes off you.  I thought he might drive off the road.  By the way, if you want me to help warm you, you should be unbuttoning my blouse.”  She motioned to the buttons running down her back.  
“You heard about him, and you had to see for yourself.”  Kat reached around behind Bethany and started working in her buttons.  Bethany already had her skirt off and was leaning into Kat.
“You were in town with him.  You were in my book repository with him.  He’s huge, Black, and an army officer.  How could I not hear about him?”
“He’s an old friend.”
“Who you slept with for two nights.”  Bethany shed her blouse as soon as Kat had it unbuttoned, then pushed Kat in the general direction of her bedroom.  It just took a minute for her to have Kat in bed, on her back.  Bethany climbed on top of her and then pulled the duvet up and over both their heads.  She settled into her favorite position, one hand caressing Kat’s face while the other explored the rest of Kat’s body.  Kat took her usual position, both her hands on Bethany’s back, one hand slowly sliding across Bethany’s slip.  
“We were almost married.  Once.  At least I thought that’s where things were heading.”
“Marvelous. Let’s see the ring.”  She reached around for Kat’s left hand
“There’s no ring.”
“But now he is back again.  Is there a ring this time?”
“He talked about marrying me, but...”
“But again, no ring.”
“It was just a story he was telling so he could get me away from here.”
“But you stayed.”
Kat found it odd talking to Bethany under the covers.  It was dark, but if Bethany moved, the duvet would rise up and a glimmer of light would enter, lighting up Bethany’s face.  Each time that happened, Bethany paused, let Kat take a good look at her, then kissed her, in the process lowering her head and returning them to darkness.
“Yes, I stayed.”
“Tell me more about his proposal.  One knee?  Ornate ring box?  Did he at least hold your hand?  Promise to take you some place marvelous?”  Bethany was obviously having a great time.  Even buried under the covers, Kat could see her smile.  And she kept a firm grip on Kat’s left hand.
“Lithuania.”
“Lithuania.  I think I remember seeing that featured in Bride Magazine.”
“Are you having fun?  It was a ploy.  He wanted to get me some place safe.”
“But first he wanted to get into your bed.”
“Actually that was my idea.”
“But now he is gone, your hormones are in overdrive, and you plan to spend the day thinking about him.  What he said and didn’t say.  What you said, and didn’t say, could have said, might have said, wish you had said…”
“Bethany, be a friend.  He was here.  Now he’s gone.  It was intense.  Give me some time to breathe.”
“Not a chance.”  Bethany rose up on her elbows.  The duvet also rose.  Kat watched her slide one of the rings off her right hand.  In one quick motion she pushed it onto Kat’s ring finger.  “There. A ring.”
“I don’t think he is coming back.  And if he did, I think he’ll want to put his own ring there.”
“It’s not his ring.  It’s my ring.  He left the field open.  I’m taking advantage of the opportunity.”
“Your ring.”  Kat looked up at Bethany.  The smile was gone.  What she saw now was a direct look, eyeball to eyeball.  And confidence.  
“My ring.  Our engagement.  I’m asking you to marry me.”
“I can see that.  Obviously I can’t accept.  I.  Well.  Are you serious?”
“Of course I’m serious.  I’m here.  My ring is on your finger.  I have no idea why no one else has put a ring there, but their loss.  My opportunity.  So.”
“So?  Just like that?  I barely know you.”
“Yes, and all your hormones are still set for the big guy.  But, I remind you that this is not the first time I have been in your bed, not the first time we have kissed, and of course there are our oatmeal mornings wrapped in a blanket.”
“I just spent two nights with Kevin.”
“But here we are.  In bed together.  Again.  Me getting you warm.  Again.  Us kissing.  Again.”  At this point Bethany lowered her head, kissed Kat, and held Kat’s head.  The kiss lasted a long time.  Time during which Kat did not push her away.
“We need to stop this, and talk.  Kevin says you are in real danger.”
“Well, Duh.  His people already tried to burn down my house.”
“Not his people.  And he is trying to help.”  Kat looked up at Bethany.  She was smiling again.  “You’re enjoying this.”
“With luck, so are you.”  Bethany’s hand had found one of Kat’s beasts and was massaging it very slowly.  She was also pressing her thighs against Kat’s.
“Don’t you need to go to work?”
“Don’t keep changing the subject.”
“I can’t say ‘yes,’ Bethany.  I need time.”
“Of course.  Here’s what I want you to do.  Wear my ring.  See how it feels on your finger.  Think about us.  Think about there being an us.  Think about us wrapped in a blanket.  Think about us hidden under a duvet, warm and together.  Then, when you are ready, tell me you are ready, and I will get down on one knee and do the whole thing.”
“Rings come then, not now.”
“This way is better.  A pre-proposal ring.  A time to think, and adjust, and decide.  This is the way all couples should do it.”
“Only you would do it this way.”
“It’s the right way.”
Kat looked up at Bethany and waited.  There was a long pause while each woman examined the other.  Kat saw the gray in Bethany’s hair.  But she also saw life in her eyes and in her smile.  Warmth.  Humor.  And she realized she felt comfortable lying beneath her.  Her hands and thighs were erotic, but Kat felt comfort as well as heat.  A companion.  An interesting, aggravating personality.  A challenge.  And a friend.  This was a woman she wanted to be with – and protect.
“Kat, will you wear my ring?”
“As a test.  Yes.”  Kat said it without hesitation.  Too fast coming from a bed still warm from him.  But she looked up into that face and gave the only answer she could.
“I have to work until nine.  Have a glass of wine waiting for me.  Wear something nice.  We will plan our defense.  And our wedding.”  She held Kat’s head, gave her another long kiss, and then left, almost on the run.
Kat stayed in bed.  She felt the ring on her finger.  And she felt the warmth from Bethany’s body.  A ring.  It was laughable.  But she wanted to see it.  She raised her left hand from under the duvet.  An engagement ring.  The size wasn’t quite right.  A little tight on Kat’s finger.  But it looked interesting.  White gold, three stones.  Fairly small.  Maybe a third carat diamond in the middle, a smaller one on each side.  Smaller than women received these days.  More the size someone still in college might give a girl.  Or just starting a job.  Bethany’s.  No doubt from a lover decades earlier.  She had kept it.  She still wore it.  On her right hand now.  What had happened to him?  To them?
Kat would return it to Bethany.  She wouldn’t get in the way of those memories.  But she would wear it for now.



Chapter 38
Legends

Marriage proposals were nice, but Thursday was bathroom day.  Eight bathrooms, plus vacuuming the entire lodge.  Kat put on jeans and an old sweatshirt and got to work.  As always, it was the bathroom mirrors that took the most work.  Toilets were easy.  Mirrors were hard.  She had glass sprays, but there were always streaks here and there.  Always the need for another touch up in one corner or another.
As she worked, she also did a final check of each room.  Beds made, floor vacuumed, towels folded.  She counted towels.  She always added two more than she thought could possibly be needed.  They were always used.
By noon she needed a break.  Down to her office to do an email check.  Her weekend guest count was low.  Typical for a “shooting” weekend.  She checked her emails, hoping not to find any last minute cancellations.  Instead, she found two last minute additions.  Both registered the night before.  Both said they were from Waukesha.  They registered within five minutes of each other.  Friends?  Their personal profiles were virtually identical.  Never hunted before.  Wanted to enjoy the north woods.  Weren’t sure they could actually shoot a turkey, but they hoped to see some in the wild.  Neither mentioned the other.
Kat checked their payments.  VISA.  Already cleared.  Billing address?  Virginia.  Not Waukesha.  Kat sent both names to Kevin.  Yours?  She thought maybe he was sending help.  His answer was immediate.  “No.”
So.  Two women.  Age listed as twenty five.  Photos showed blue-eyed white girls with big smiles and perfect teeth.  Certainly looked Waukesha.  But they weren’t.  Another recon visit?  Or were they shooters?  Kat called Lois, explained there would be two more for meals, and then went back to bathrooms.  If anything, she felt relief.  No long waits.  Whatever was going to happen was already underway.
Eventually there was time for some afternoon shopping.  First the party store in Amberg.  Two cases of white wine for the weekend.  An additional ten minutes of gossip.  Ed said he had done some reading on the internet about pyromaniacs.  Early to mid-teens.  Started with empty buildings – garages, warehouses, abandoned homes.  Never stopped until they were caught.  He had been wondering if any teens lived near her.  Couldn’t think of any.  She assured him there were none.  The fires could have been started by anyone.  Maybe by someone just passing through.  Ed nodded, but didn’t really seem convinced.  She carried the cases of wine out to her minibus (his back seemed to be a problem again), and worried some poor kid was going to get in trouble.  Fortunately, it was Deputy Kekkonen doing the investigating, and he didn’t use the internet as his primary source.
Next stop, Wausaukee IGA for cheese trays.  Another chance to grit her teeth about the price of cheese, even in Wisconsin.  She took a pound each of three varieties, and two boxes of crackers.  And then stood in the parking lot.  The library was just three blocks away.  Stop to see Bethany?  And say what?  She had no idea.  After taking a wide turn out of the parking lot, she pointed the minibus north toward home.
She had the rest of the afternoon to think about two lovers, and two women who might be arriving to shoot her.  Lots to think about.  But Kevin hadn’t given her much time to sleep the night before, so she just went to bed and slept the rest of the afternoon away.
It was already dark when she rolled out of bed again, not actually feeling very rested.  Naps were over rated.  But she still had time to move slowly and get her brain functioning again.  Bethany kept the library open until nine.  It would be nine thirty before she arrived for dinner.  Time for a shower, time to work on her face and hair, time to pick through the dresses Kevin had returned, and find one Bethany would like.
And the fact that she was standing in her closet, pulling cocktail dresses from her old garment bag, giving each a careful look, told her something.  She wanted to please Bethany.  She wanted to look good for Bethany.  She looked forward to Bethany’s arrival.  She was excited that Bethany would be with her.  And she was feeling this when?  Less than twelve hours after she had been with Kevin.  Hmm.
Okay.  Time to move on.  She chose the black dress.  Going for elegance.  Then off to the kitchen to pick something for dinner.  Soup.  There were four Tupperware containers full of soup in her refrigerator.  She couldn’t remember the last time she had actually cooked.  Lois and Marie – and their weekend leftovers – made her life so much easier.  Did they know they were actually cooking for her all week?  Probably.
She put a vegetable soup on to simmer, found a baguette to go with it, and lit some candles in the dining room.  She also made a decision about seating.  Not opposite sides of the table.  That had not gone well with Kevin.  She pulled a chair around to the end of the table.  Plenty of room for the two of them to sit side by side.  Close.  She stood back, looked at the table, adjusted the lighting from the wall sconces, and decided she was ready for Bethany.
Wine.  She opened a bottle of her better Chardonnay.  Now she was ready.
Bethany was early.  Good sign.  Kat wasn’t the only one excited about the night.  And Bethany had changed.  Not the librarian uniform.  A black dress.  Silk.  Elegant.  When she came in and they saw each other, they laughed.  And hugged.  And held each other.
Conversation?  Little bursts.  Some comment about a kid in the library after school.  Kat mentioning something she saw at the IGA.  Bursts of a sentence or two, then a pause, a silence, waiting for a reaction or the start of another story.  Standing close, faces together, arms around each other.  More words.  More touches.  More watching, looking for responses, checking for reactions.
Nerves.  Kat knew she would be nervous after their morning together.  She was surprised that Bethany was also nervous.  Tough, brusque Bethany.  Nervous.  Kat recognized it, and felt far more comfortable.  Bethany had come early.  Bethany had changed her dress.  Bethany was nervous.  All things considered, these were all good signs.
“Wine, and then food.”  Kat broke away and poured the wine, then led Bethany into the kitchen.  She found a tray, filled two soup bowls, sliced the baguette, loaded it all onto the tray, and led Bethany to the dining room.  Nervous again.  The seating.  Too much?
“It’s beautiful, Kat.”  Bethany took her seat and waited while Kat served her.  There was something about her face as she looked up at Kat.  And Kat realized it wasn’t her face.  It was her hair.  The gray was gone.  The color was still brown, but now a richer chestnut brown.  There was extra curl.  Sometime during the day she had snuck off to the salon.  And they had done a good job on her.  Subtle shadings, richer color, much better sheen, but still her.  A more perfect her.
“I love your hair.”  Kat took her seat, and reached to touch Bethany’s curls.
“Thank you.”
“Wausaukee Cut and Curl?”
“No, I drove to Green Bay.  The library was closed for the morning.  I am sure the two old men who read their newspaper there every morning will complain.  But it had been months.”
“I like it.”
Another pause.  They ate soup, buttered bread slices, looked at each other, their knees touching.  Finally Kat held her left hand up.
“I have to ask.  How old was he?”
“Twenty five.  We were in grad school together.  Delaying the wedding until we graduated.  Meningitis hit the campus.  He was dead in three days.  I don’t know what the rules are, but after I graduated, I moved the ring from my left hand to my right.”
“I’ll be careful with it.”
Another pause.  They ate.  They each finished their wine.  Kat poured more.  They looked at each other.  Their knees touched.  Kat started another conversation.
“Two women will be arriving tomorrow.  They lied about where they are from.  They might just be here to look us over, like the last pair.  But they might be here for more than that.”
“You will stop them?”
“Yes.”
“And then?”
“Bethany, if they want you gone, at some point it will happen.  This week, next week…  Some person, or some group doesn’t like what you have done.  If they are big enough to think they can run the country, they must have the resources to make you go away.”
“I liked it better when Trump was running things.  He would just call my collection ‘fake news’, or ‘alternative facts’, and he would leave me alone.”
“You must be the only college graduate in America who thinks things were better under Trump.”
“Better for me.  He had no interest in books.”
“Apparently these new people do.”
“Does your Colonel know who they are?”
“I got the impression there isn’t just one group.  You seem to be causing problems for lots of people.”
“I know who they are.  Or at least I will know.”
“Oh?”
“Let’s go some place where I can sit tight against you, and I’ll tell you a story.”  Bethany stood, picked up her wine glass, and led the way into the great room.  She spotted an overstuffed love seat she wanted, and sat there.  Kat joined her, the two women spending a few minutes arranging themselves.  Shoes came off, and they pulled their feet up under themselves, their hips and thighs close, one hand on a wine glass, the other hand stroking a neck, a thigh, a cheek.  Both women were leaning back into the love seat, their heads close enough for a kiss.
“My master’s thesis was on political storytelling.  The example I used was South Africa.  The Boers.  Pushed out of their homes around Cape Town by the British, and then defeated in the Boer War, they were basically an occupied citizenry.  The British ruled them.  Dutch farmers with no control over their lives.  The British took the gold mines and the diamond mines.  The Dutch – the Boers – had nothing.”
“And then the Boers started telling stories.  And they did it really well.  In 1946 they organized a wagon train.  A re-enactment of the wagon trains that had moved out of Cape Town ahead of the British invaders.  Men, women, and children, walking barefoot across the South African plain, a thousand miles from Cape Town to Johannesburg.  Taking on lions, elephants, and Zulus.  Tough people.  Tough times.  All but forgotten.
“Then the re-enactment.  This new wagon train stopped in every town.  They reminded people – these were your ancestors.  Look what they did.  See how strong they were.  How brave.  They fought their way for a thousand miles.  They were Boers.  You are Boers.  Not losers.  Fighters.  Winners.
“And they created legends to go with the show.  One legend they called ‘the Day of the Vow.’  When the Boers got to the east, they crossed Zulu lands.  The Zulus attacked.  The Boers circled their wagons at the edge of a river.  The Zulus attacked across the river.  The Boers were all hunters.  All armed.  The women loaded, the men fired.  The Zulus died.  Decades passed.  As the wagons crossed the country in celebration of Boer pride, they remembered they had prayed to God for victory over the Zulus.  And they had won.  God was on their side.  They had promised if they won, they would praise God and celebrate this victory annually.  They had forgotten for a few decades, but now they remembered and created this new holiday.”
“The British had declared South Africa was a democracy.  When elections were held in 1948, the people who had seen the wagon train, and celebrated the Day of the Vow, now celebrated themselves.  They were Boers.  Heroes.  Protected by God.  Of course they should rule the country.  And they did.  They took over the government and ruled until Nelson Mandela took over in 1994.”
Bethany stopped, sipped her wine, and watched Kat for a reaction.
“First, really interesting story.  You may have written the only master’s thesis the committee actually enjoyed reading.”  She raised her wine glass in salute.  “And I get the general idea.  We should be watching for someone rewriting history.”
“Rewriting history to establish their legitimacy.  Maybe they involve God, maybe they don’t.”
“Could it be, Make American Great Again?  You know, the glorious fifties when Blacks couldn’t vote or eat in restaurants, and women knew their place.”
“Trump never put together a coherent message.  This guy, or this woman, or this group will.  They will find a way to establish their legitimacy.  And then they will rule.”
“But you don’t know who they are.”
“No.  Sorry, Kat.  I don’t.  I don’t even know how far they are along in their plan.”
“But you think they will come for your books.”
“What if books describe the history of the Zulu battle and there is absolutely no mention of a vow to God?  And there is good evidence no one celebrated that day for a century after that?  What might you do with those books?”
“You write your own books and get rid of the others.”
“And, Kat, maybe you send two young women to a hunting lodge for a weekend, and begin the cleansing process.”
“I’ll get us through this weekend, but you need to come up with a long term strategy.”
“Agreed.”
Another pause.  A silence.  They each finished their wine.  Glasses set down, they now had two hands free.
“You kept the ring on.”  Bethany was holding Kat’s hand.
“It’s attractive.  And now I know what it means to you.”  Kat’s free hand was in Bethany’s hair.  She liked the new look.  And she appreciated the effort Bethany was making.  It seemed like an odd word, but she felt “honored.”  Pleased to be the object of such affection.  She pulled Bethany’s face closer and kissed her.  “I hope you can stay the night.”
They held hands as they walked back to Kat’s bedroom.



Chapter 39
Visiting Mom

Once in her room, it felt less like romance, and more like negotiation.  Things were different.  An offer of marriage had been made.  It had not been accepted.  But it had not been rejected.  Possibilities.  Years of sharing the same bed?  How would that work?  They had patterns and preferences to establish.  Bathroom etiquette.  Who washed up and brushed her teeth first?  Undressing.  Each to a corner alone?  Or somehow together?
They tried together.  They were each wearing a dress, so they stood facing each other, and reached around to take the other’s zipper.  They leaned into each other.  So far, so good.  But, preferences.
“Slower, Bethany.  And hold me tighter with your other hand.”
“Good, Kat.  But you go slower too.  I like your hand at the back of my neck.  Yes, just like that.”
Zippers down, they pulled each other’s dress forward, over the shoulders, and slowly down.  Very slowly down.  They held the dress for each of them to step out of it.  Now what?  Do they undress each other completely?  Kat solved that by taking her dress from Bethany and walking to their closet.  She hung it up, then took off her own under things, and put them in the laundry basket.  Bethany followed her example.
Now naked, did they touch?  Hold each other?  Bethany took the lead this time.  Too much weight in the wrong places.  She strode to Kat’s dresser and pulled out two satin nightgowns.  She pulled the shorter one over Kat’s head and slid it down.  She gave the longer one to Kat.  Kat pulled it over Bethany.  Message sent.  Bethany preferred to cover more of herself.  And, she found Kat’s legs attractive.  Message received.  Kat felt a bit proud.
In bed, it had been Kat on the bottom.  But night after night?  Kat began on her back, waiting to see what Bethany would do.  Bethany attempted several positions.  Finally she got comfortable on her side, facing Kat, leaning over her, one arm across her.  Her legs?  She tried several positions.  Kat pushed one arm under Bethany’s neck and around her shoulders.  The other hand went into Bethany’s hair.
Pillows.  Share one?  Pull two close?  They went with two.  They were pretty well settled in when Kat asked about the duvet.
“I have another.  Heavier.  Would that be better?”  She made a move to get out of bed.  Bethany held her.
“Warmer would be great, but not tonight.  Let’s just settle in.”
The two of them moved against each other, resettled their hands, and Bethany pushed a leg clear across Kat.  She was still finding a position she liked.
Next question.  In bed, did they talk for a while, or sleep?  They kissed, obviously, but then what?  Bethany wanted to talk.
“Did it shock you when I put my ring on your finger?”
“Yes.  I didn’t see that coming.”
“But you wore it today.”
“Yes.”
“And tomorrow?”
“Probably.  I don’t think Kevin will come back, but if he does...”
“Who’d pass up a chance to see Lithuania?”  Bethany’s sarcasm was obvious.  Kat didn’t like it.
“You have no idea how much I loved him in Maryland.”
“Four years ago.”
“Don’t go there, Bethany.  It’s beneath you.”
“I’ve got you now, Kat, and I’ll fight to keep you.”  She leaned farther across Kat, rising up in her elbows to look down at Kat and then to kiss her.  Kat had no response.  She held Bethany, kissed her, and lay under her.  She felt Bethany still searching for the best position for her legs.  Eventually, both of them slept.
Morning brought a new set of questions.  Did they shower together?  Bethany settled that one by nearly jumping out of bed and going straight to the shower.  No invitation.  So.  They showered alone.  Dressing.  While Bethany dried her hair, Kat helped her step into her dress.  She checked the label in the process.  Bethany didn’t buy it in Wausaukee or Green Bay.  Maybe Chicago.  Probably New York or London.  Kevin had been right about her income.
Kat stayed in her nightgown as she walked Bethany to her front door.  Bethany had picked this for her.  She should see it on Kat in the daylight.  Apparently she liked it.  They stood at the door, Bethany’s hands and eyes all over Kat.
“You have guests the next two nights?”
“Yes, including two who may be here to shoot me, then you.”
“Before anyone shoots you, would you talk to my mother?  She is going to be part of our lives.  You don’t need her permission for us to marry, but it would be nice if the two of you got along.”
“I get along with her.”
“Neither of you has said more than five words to the other.”
“Can I ask her to stop stealing my wi-fi?”
“Don’t you have bigger issues to deal with?”
“Okay, I’ll try to get over there this afternoon.”
“Good.”  Bethany went for a long good bye kiss, one hand holding Kat’s head while they kissed, the other hand lots of places, but mostly on her backside.  This went on for several minutes, then Bethany stepped away from Kat, and was out the door.  Kat thought if this was the way they parted each morning, she would be pleased.
But.  She had work to do.  Before Bethany’s Volvo had left the driveway, Kat was in the shower, then quickly dressed in jeans and a sweater.  Fridays had their own patterns.  First was the walk through.  Every room.  Every bathroom.  Had she missed anything?  She had forgotten to vacuum one room.  She did that now.  Down on the main level, she pushed some of the furniture around the great room.  Eight guests.  She created a large seating area and put tables where they would be needed for drinks and snacks.
The lodge was set.  Now for hunting.  First, the shotguns.  She had eight twenty-gauge shotguns.  Pump action.  Guests might bring their own guns.  She hoped they didn’t.  She felt she had more control with these.  She would give out one shell at a time.  She would listen as they pumped the shell into the chamber, and stop them if it was too soon or not safe.  Safety.  No one had ever been hurt on her hunts.  It wouldn’t happen this weekend either.
She unlocked her gun safe in the garage, took out one shotgun at a time, cleaned it, checked it, and put it back.  She had three boxes of shells on the bottom of the safe.  Far more than she would need.  Done.  She relocked the safe.
Next, her hunting closet.  It was huge, and ran the entire back wall of the garage.  Hunting clothes.  This weekend would be camouflage coveralls.  Women could wear anything underneath.  Whatever made them comfortable.  But camouflage coveralls, hats, and masks would be worn.  Turkeys had great eyesight.
Then, turkey calls.  This would be fun.  She had a large cardboard box full of calls.  She carried it into the great room and put it in a corner.  She would get it out after the second glass of wine that night.  It always got a laugh.  An important part of the first evening.  The ultimate icebreaker.
Next?  Nothing, really.  She would make cheese plates later in the afternoon.  For now, she had run out of excuses and delays.  Time to see Lois.  Kat put on a coat and made the walk.
She found her in the book repository.  There had been a great deal of progress.  The ceiling was now insulated and lighted.  Book shelves had been erected in long rows.  Four workmen kept bringing in more shelving and erecting it along chalked lines.  Lois stood by a wheel barrow.  She was still filling the first block of shelves, but multiple encyclopedia sets were already in place.
“All encyclopedias?”  Kat could see not one, but four sets of Funk and Wagnalls.  To the left were half a dozen sets of World Books.
“When I was a girl,” Lois kept putting books on the shelf, but she did glance in Kat’s direction.  “Jiminy Cricket sang about encyclopedias on the Walk Disney show.  He loved them.  A cartoon character.  He danced and sang.  His song always ended with him spelling out the word to music – E-N-C-Y-C-L-O-P-E-D-I-A.  Kids sang it on the playground.  Everyone knew the word, and most families were proud to have one.  I sat with mine after school.”
“Four sets?”
“We have sixteen now.  The one you saw, and fifteen somewhat newer.  1955 to 1995.  Not the best encyclopedia.  Turns out the wealthy or more educated bought Britannicas.  I was in college before I knew your class determined your encyclopedia.  Jiminy never mentioned that.”
“We should talk.”
“Help me with my wheel barrow.”  Lois took out the last of the books and set them on a shelf.  Kat took the handles of the wheel barrow and steered out of the repository.  The path from the repository to the cabin had not been graveled, so Kat had to steer around and over roots and rocks.  She wondered how Lois managed the return trip.  Books are heavy.  And if anything, Lois looked older and weaker.  And smaller.  She followed behind Kat, her gait almost a shuffle.  Eighty years old.  Too old to be hauling books around.
Kat positioned the wheel barrow at the edge of the porch, then let herself into the cabin.  A large kettle was steaming on the stove.  Lois had left it boil while she was gone.  Risky.  If the last of the water had steamed off?  Kat was tempted to turn off the stove, but stopped herself.  A woman’s kitchen was her castle.  Lois would deal with the kettle.
And she did.  She pointed Kat to a chair, turned off the stove, and made two mugs of instant coffee.
“Bethany said you would be coming over.  Here to tell me to leave your wi-fi alone?  Guest as a password.  Really?  But I’m done with what I was doing.  And it’s too damn cold now.  There was ice in the bottom of my canoe yesterday.”
“You should roll it over.  Bottoms up.”
“I should do a lot of things.”  
She took a small bottle of creamer from the ancient refrigerator and dropped into a chair opposite Kat.  She reminded Kat of some of the ancient professors she had seen during her days at Madison.  Hair almost totally gray, thinning, pulled back tight and tied at the back of her neck by a rubber band.  No makeup.  But oddly few lines on her face.  Some women were lucky that way.  And her afternoons in the canoe had given her some color.  It hadn’t helped with her posture.  Age was taking away bone mass.  Her arms were just sticks under her coat, her shoulders slumped as she sat, and her fingers were skeletal.  Winter would be tough on her.  The snow, the cold.  More the ice.  One slip and her thinning hips would shatter.  There was a nursing home in Wausaukee.  The aides had no idea what a loud patient was months from their door.
Kat poured some cream into her mug, then showed her left hand.
“Bethany gave me this yesterday.”
“She said she might.  About time she found someone.  Won’t have me much longer.”
“You don’t object?”
“I have no idea why women marry men.  Hairy, crabby things that won’t do a damn thing around the house.  Mine was out the door a year after Bethany was born.  Useless fool.”  She stirred her coffee, going around and around the mug, making a ringing sound.  She never seemed to drink any.
“I haven’t accepted.  We are just thinking about it.”
“You are wearing her ring.”
“Yes.”
“But thinking about that huge soldier you were with.  Someone you knew in the army?”
“Yes.”
“Bethany is a better choice.  Besides.  You took her ring.  Must be a reason for that.”
“Yes.”
“I feel like I’m being yes’d to death.  Why not finish your coffee and be useful.  You’re strong enough to get another load of books up to the repository.”
“I’ll do that, but I want you to know some people are coming, and there may be some danger.”
Lois just pointed to the shotgun standing next to the door.  “Let ‘em come.  Now.  See if you can load that stack by our bedroom door.  I’d love to go to bed tonight and not trip over any books.”
Kat loaded the books.  It took her about ten armloads to clear the stacks next to the bedroom door.  That was enough to fill the wheel barrow.  Kat hesitated by the door, waiting for her next instructions.  Lois stayed in her chair, stirring her coffee.
“Be careful not to dump the books when you come around that last pine.  And put this load right next to where you saw me standing.”  
Kat waited, but Lois still didn’t rise.  Finally Kat went out and hefted the wheel barrow.  It was plenty heavy, and she had to be careful as she maneuvered around rocks and over roots.  She was sweating by the time she got the load into the repository.  Now what?  She didn’t know which shelves the books belonged on, and it didn’t appear Lois was coming.  So, she set the load where she was told, and walked back to her lodge.



Chapter 40
Welcoming Assassins

Final preparations went as always.  Kat made two cheese trays and put them out in the great room.  Final wipe of the wine glasses, and two bottles of white set out on the bar.  Print outs of the registration information on her guests – picture, name, home town.  Even greetings as simple as “How are things in Fond du Lac?” built an initial bridge.  And this time she had two special guests from “Waukesha.”  Greeting them would be interesting.
Stated arrival time was any time after six, but there were always one or two who arrived at five.  Usually the older ladies.  Looking to arrive before dark.  Worried about road delays or construction.  Or just worried.  No problem.  Kat was at her front door, ready to go by five.
First arrival was just after five.  Nice lady.  Kat helped her with her bags.  They talked about fall colors until the next woman arrived at six.  Kat came out to her car and helped with bags.  Normal activity for Kat, except this weekend she was especially alert to get out to the car while their trunk was still open.  If “Waukesha” was bringing weapons, she wanted at least a glance at what danger she faced.
The two Waukeshas were fairly clever.  They arrived in separate cars, and were about fifteen minutes apart.  No obvious connection between them.  Their one amateur move?  Both cars had Wisconsin plates, but dealer decals were from Green Bay car dealers.  No one from Waukesha would drive all the way to Green Bay to buy a car.  These were rentals they had picked up after flying in.  Both seemed to make a point of leaving the trunk open for Kat to get a good look back there.  “See?  Nothing here,” seemed to be the message they wanted to convey.
By seven all the women had arrived, had picked a room and done minimal unpacking, and several were already on their second glass of wine.  Kat had alternated between the great room folks and the new folks getting established upstairs.  And, she wanted to see who ended up where.  With six rooms, most of the women could sleep alone.  Not surprisingly, the two Waukeshas ended up in the same room, both loudly exclaiming how fascinating it was to run into someone else from Waukesha.
Six women put away a fair amount of wine.  Two women, and Kat, held a glass but did little drinking.  You can guess which women.  But all eight women and Kat went through the motions of mixing and bonding.  It might have taken three or four questions – children?  Job? Hobby?  Past hunting experience? – but some connection was established.  The conversational volume increased pretty rapidly.  Kat was happy.
Marie had brought the evening dinner, and Kat could see her shuttling between the kitchen and dining room.  Dinner would be soon.  Time for Kat to pump up the volume.  She carried the cardboard box around the room and asked each women to reach inside and take a “call.”  The result was the same as always – incredible noise, and the antics you normally associate with third graders at a birthday party.  Whatever they really felt about shooting turkeys, at least this first part was fun.
Dinner went as it always did.  Marie’s food was exceptional, but the ambiance was the real show.  They had gone from the great room with huge windows, a stone fire place, and log walls, and now sat in a formal dining room with candles, wainscoting, fine china, landscape oil paintings, and – a stuffed fish.  The room was impressive – and fun.  As they ate, Kat outlined the next day, explained the history of the lodge, and gave the women plenty of time for questions.  One unasked question – did they have to shoot the birds - Kat answered before being asked.  She had a shotgun for each, she hoped they spent some time practicing with it in the morning, but once in the woods, just sitting and watching was perfectly acceptable.  They could carry a camera with them if they wished.  If there was any tension in the room, it eased considerably after that.
After dinner there was wine and plates of chocolate in the great room.  And Kat projected some footage of turkeys she had seen on one of her trail cameras.  She suspected there was even less interest in shooting the birds now that the women had seen how they acted in their flock, but that was fine.  Kat explained how they would handle the hunt, ran the video again, and then left them to their conversations.
They would not be up and hunting at dawn, but still, women had driven several hours and had a fair amount of wine, so guests started retreating to their rooms soon after ten.  Same as every weekend.  Kat stood and talked with a few women about the guns they would be using, but soon everyone was upstairs.
Time to deal with Waukesha.
She used towels as an excuse to get into their room.  She held three in her arms, knocked on their door, then closed the door behind her when she entered.  Both had laptops open and were busy communicating with someone.  And both shut their laptops the minute she was in the room.
“I thought you might need some extra towels.”  She set them on top of a dresser.  “And I thought maybe we should talk.”  
Kat let the silence build for a moment, then pulled a chair closer to the women, and sat.
“Tomorrow, I’ll be giving each of you a twenty gauge shotgun.  Fairly light, but it will put out a cloud of lead shot at fifty yards.  Inside five or ten feet, these guns are pretty deadly.”  Both women nodded, but made no reply.
“If, for instance, a person was standing close by, the shot would do serious damage.  Let’s say a person had an accident.  Maybe they tripped while walking through the woods, or thought the safety was on when it wasn’t.  All kinds of accidents happen with weapons.  There could be a serious injury.”
Still no response from the women.  
“There could even be death, but it would take special circumstances.  The shot would have to be taken from close range, and it would have to be taken while the two women were facing each other.  It would have to take out an artery.  Either the carotid here in the neck,” She raised her hand and slid it along her neck.  “Or the femoral artery.   About here.”  She spread her legs and slit a hand inside her thigh.
“I did several tours in Iraq and Afghanistan.  I know arterial wounds.  All soldiers know them.  First thing you are taught in first aid.  Veins seep blood, arteries spurt it.  The femoral will spurt it six to eight inches high, and drain a soldier completely in eight minutes.  So you scream for a medic, and you get your thumb as close as you can to the artery.  If he can get there in time with a clamp, and get it on the artery while the soldier screams and twists, the soldier lives.  Mostly they die.  And they look at you while they die.  They were taught first aid.  They know exactly what is happening to them.  They can see the progression.  The heart has less and less blood to pump, so it pumps faster.  More spurts.  But less blood, so each spurt is just a little lower.  Faster and lower.  Faster and lower.  And then it stops.  And the soldier is still looking at you.  Your thumb is still on the wound.  And she is dead.”
More silence.  Kat was grateful for that.  Maybe there was some hope with these two.
“I won’t have a weapon with me tomorrow.  And I will be looking mostly at the women and at the turkeys.  If you are here to have an accident with your shotgun, it should be fairly easy to do.  But you will have to make sure I am facing you when you do it.  Facing you, and looking at you.  When I am hit, and as I bleed out.  I don’t know your pasts, but I can tell you mine.  I have killed.  More than one.  And I can still see their faces.  When I shot them, and when they knew they were going to die.  I can see that still.  I always will.”
More silence.
“You are in charge of what happens tomorrow.  You control what you see tomorrow and the rest of your days.”
Kat gave them a final look, then left.  She didn’t read faces as well as she wished.  Maybe they heard her.  Maybe not.  She did know there would be a pistol in the pocket of her coveralls.  If they missed with their first shot, there wasn’t going to be a second.



Chapter 41
Turkey Saturday

The Waukeshas left about an hour later.  Jessica had left her hall light on.  Her bedroom was dark.  She sat in a chair in the corner, her pistol across her lap.  She heard them leave, and stood by her windows to watch them back out of her lot and take the road to town.  She locked the front door, then put her pistol in her coat pocket and went to bed.  In an odd way, she felt proud of the two Waukeshas.  Someone had convinced them to do something awful.  They had chosen their own path.  That took strength.
In the morning there were a couple questions about the women.  Kat said there had been a family emergency.  No one asked why both women would leave for one woman’s emergency.
Breakfast went fast.  The women were excited to get outside.  Kat reminded them they would be sitting outdoors most of the day.  They should dress for that.  Most put on an extra layer.  Kat’s first stop was the garage.  Ear protection.  Eye protection.  Camouflage overalls, hats, gloves, masks.  The masks weren’t popular but Kat reminded them of turkey’s eyesight.
When she opened her gun safe, all conversations stopped.  Eight shotguns.  Eight deer rifles.  Boxes of ammunition.  The women stared.  Two of them even took a step back.  Kat spent a long time describing the shotguns they would be using.  Why twenty gauge.  Why pump action.  Where to find the safety.  How to carry the gun.  How to load it.
Each woman received a gun.  It was almost a ritual.  Pump forward.  Breech open.  Passed with two hands.  Accepted with two hands.  Barrel down.  One hand on the wooden pump, one hand behind the trigger guard.  Six shotguns.  Six transfers.  Six women standing motionless.  Kat let them stand for a few minutes.  Time for them to get used to the weight and the feel.  Time for questions.  Time for their heart rates to slow.
The beach was next.  They stood on the edge of the lake.  Kat worked with them one at a time.  Feet, posture, shoulders, hands.  She had each woman take a firing stance.  Then she went back one at a time and put a shell in the breach.  Pump back, gun raised, shot fired.  Pump forward, breech open, gun down.  She went down the row and helped each woman two times.  The third time she handed the shell to the woman and let her load and fire.  Some comments about the recoil.  Some comments about the noise.  But no mistakes, and no refusals.
Off to the minibus.  Shotguns placed in padded cases in the storage area.  Turkey calls passed around to play with as they traveled.  It lightened the mood considerably.
As for the hunt, they actually did get a huge Tom.  Kat drove them to the edge of a farm, to a grove where she knew they nested.  Their arrival flushed the birds, but turkeys generally returned when they thought it safe.  Two hours and several bird calls later, Toms began to approach.  The women were great about remaining motionless and silent.  Kat noticed that three of them had set their shotguns down and were waiting with cameras.  Fine.  Three women took aim at the first Tom.  Two watched over the sights of their gun.  One woman finally fired.
Kat made them sit until all the guns were unloaded.  Then they inspected the bird.  Good sized.  Shot had hit the head and the neck.  Maybe a few in the breast, but a pretty good job overall.  The woman who had shot the bird knelt beside it.  Kat thought maybe she wanted a trophy photo, but she reached out with her hand and stroked the feathers.
Kat had scouted out a second location, and asked the women if they wanted to try it, but it was clear they were done.  The day was cold and overcast.  Two hours of sitting on the ground had been more than enough.  And they had done what they came for.  They had hunted.
Back at the lodge, Kat had each woman clean her gun and store it.  The women took lots of pictures of themselves in camo, and then the clothing went back in the closet.  It was over.
They took a long walk after a late lunch.  All the way around the lake.  Sometimes they talked.  Sometimes there were long silences.  They had killed.  Only one had pulled the trigger, but all of them had taken shotguns into the field.  All of them had been there.  They needed some time to adjust to that.
Later in the afternoon Kat changed the tenor of the day.  She built a huge bonfire on the beach and set out the materials for smores.  By the second smore and the second glass of wine, the mood had shifted.  They sang Beatles tunes as the sun set.  One woman seemed to know the entire songbook.
The rest of the weekend flowed.  A fine dinner, evening around the fireplace telling stories (first kiss, worst kiss, worst meal they ever cooked, dumbest job they ever had).  The wine and the chocolates tasted good.  Breakfast was blueberry pancakes.  The morning was another walk.  No interest in a second hunt.  All the women left soon after lunch.  Kat gave them each a feather as a souvenir.  The shooter was happy that Lois would be taking the bird to a women’s shelter in Wausaukee.
And that was the weekend.  They came to hunt.  And they had hunted.  They would have stories for family and friends, and a sense in their hands for the weight and feel of the shotgun as they fired it over the lake.  And, they would have a vision of the turkey as it struggled before death.  It had been a full weekend for them.



Chapter 42
Intimidation

Kat stood in her drive, a hand raised as the last of her guests drove off.  She wasn’t sure why she continued to stand there after the last car turned the corner and headed south.  But she did.  She waited.  She wasn’t sure what she was waiting for, but she stood, her hands now in her coat pockets, her right hand on her pistol.  She didn’t have to wait long.
Three cars.  Black SUVs.  Big ones, with tinted windows.  They must have been waiting and watching down the road.  The last guest disappeared, and the SUVs came around the corner.  The smart move would have been for Kat to get behind some cover.  She didn’t.  She stood.  They slowly cruised onto the lake road, going about the same speed as a parade.  Tight formation.  Maybe five feet between each.  As they approached her drive, she tightened her hand on her gun.  But they stayed on the lake road.  Slowly passing her lodge.
Tinted windows.  How many men were in each?  No way to know.  Of course that was the point.  Intimidation.  Was she facing three people or fifteen?  Their speed never changed.  Their positions never changed.  Three cars, tight formation, cruising past her lodge and around the lake.  Not much faster than walking speed.  Plenty of time for her to watch.  Plenty of time for her to worry.  Maybe time for her to run.
She didn’t run.  She didn’t move.  She stood.  They drove.  They circled the lake and came around again.  Same speed.  Same intent.  She watched them circle a second time, then walked to the edge of her drive.  
Her pistol was an automatic.  Smith and Wesson.  Seven shots per clip.  One clip in the gun, one in her pocket.  She waited until they were mostly around the lake again.  Until they could see her.  She held her pistol out before her, pulled back the slide to chamber a round, and took a knee, her arms extended, her head forward.  She aimed at the first windshield.
The lead SUV stopped.  Her thought?  “Ha.  Made you blink.”  It stopped.  The two cars behind also stopped, but they lost their spacing.  The parade was suddenly much less impressive.  Kat held her position.  The gun was light.  Her arms were steady.  She could hold her position for the next half hour if needed.  She didn’t think she would need to.
If the windows came down, or a door opened, she would open fire.  If they had studied her at all, they had to know she would fire.  The windows stayed up.  The doors stayed closed.  The SUVs stayed motionless.  Kat didn’t smile, but she felt pretty good.  Round one to her.  If there were fifteen men in those cars, round two was going to go to them, but unless they were wearing body armor, they and their cars were going to leave bloodied.
She held her position.  They held theirs.  Kat thought about putting a round over their heads, but why waste one?  She had given them plenty of warning.  She waited.  She watched.  She breathed in two, out three.  
The lead car turned on its blinker.  Right turn.  Clear signal.  He was going to inch forward, then turn away from the lake, out onto the county highway and back towards town.  Kat nodded her head.  The car eased forward, sliding towards the right side of the road, and then made the turn.  The second car followed.  The last car sat.  Undecided?  Debating with the others?  Good.  Kat liked what she was seeing.  A breakdown in discipline.  Hot heads, amateurs.  Whatever their problem, it was a weakness now on full display.  
The first two cars were already on the county road and picking up speed as they rode south.  No unity of command.  They left people behind.  Kat was certain now.  Whoever these people were, there was no military experience in those cars.  She wondered how long the third car would hold out.  Pride?  Anger?  Embarrassment?  
If they chose to fight it out, they would open the doors on the far side of the SUV, and use it for cover.  Or they would race forward while Kat put her first clip through their windshield.  If they chose to fight it out.  They had disagreed with the men in the first two cars.  Were they also arguing amongst themselves?  Kat held her position.  And.  She noticed she was smiling.  This was it?  The future rulers of America were sending this bunch to get her?
She stood and started walking toward the SUV, her pistol still out at arm’s length.  She had only taken two steps when the vehicle lurched forward and nearly ran itself into a ditch as it angled across the lake road and raced toward the county highway.  It made the corner, and she let it go.  Pistol back in a pocket, she took out her phone and got a picture.  A bit distant.  Maybe the plate was clear.  Maybe not.
One certainty?  She had won round one.  She didn’t quite dance as she made her way back to her lodge, but she did feel pretty good.
Time to text the Colonel.  She sent the image and a forty word action report.  The phone stayed in her hand as she waited for a reply.  There was a huge leather couch near the front windows.  She tucked herself in there.  Coat off.  Pistol and spare clip on the cushion next her.  As was her phone.
He didn’t call.  Or text.  She thought maybe he was running down the plate.  Maybe.  Or maybe he was with his professor.  Maybe.
Bethany arrived as the sun set.  She looked silly.  She drove up in her gray Volvo, wearing a fancy black dress again, but carrying her huge shotgun.  Twelve gauge, long barrel, designed for geese, she wasn’t sure how to best carry it, not that any way would work, not with a wind blowing her skirt around, and her three inch heels teetering on edge as she came around the car.  She saw Kat through the windows and smiled.  Kat made a significant effort not to laugh.
“There were some strange men in three black SUVs.”  Bethany let herself in the door, holding the shotgun with one hand, talking to Kat, but looking for some place to put the gun.
“Leave it by the door.”
Bethany still hesitated, looking for a corner to rest the gun.  Finally she leaned it against a window by the door.  She adjusted her skirt and her hair, and came to Kat.  Kat put her phone and the gun on an end table and pointed to the seat next to her.
“Are you going to change?”  Bethany motioned towards Kat’s jeans.  “I’ll make us a dinner while you do.”
“I’ll probably stay like this.”
“So you think they’ll be back?”
“They’ll go someplace and argue amongst themselves for a while, but yes, they’ll be back.  But dinner would be good.  I’ll watch from here for a while, and then join you.”
“I could bring the dinner out here.”
“That would be good.”
Bethany leaned in, gave Kat a kiss, and then took her hand.  Her left hand.  She held it, looked at the ring, and smiled.  
“You wore it all weekend?”
“Yes.”
“What did your guests say?”
“No one mentioned it.”
“I’m surprised.”  She kissed Kat a second time, and walked back to the kitchen.  It occurred to Kat she was wearing a different black dress.  Also exclusive label.  And, minus the shotgun, she walked very comfortably in heels.  The woman had spent plenty of time at better parties, better restaurants.  And now, Amberg?  How would that work?
Dinner was leftover pancakes.  They pulled an end table around in front of the couch, and ate, both of them soon sticky with syrup and butter.  They watched out the front windows.  What could they see?  Not much.  Kat had several lights up on poles to illuminate her drive and parking area.  It made guests feel more comfortable.  Would the lights help if bad guys were coming?  Not much.  The lake road was in darkness.  Anyone good with a rifle could sit along the road, or across the road on the beach, even sit comfortably on Kat’s picnic tables and fire away at anything they saw in the lodge.
Kat listened as much as she looked, and waited.
Bethany had less practice waiting.  She was up and down getting this and that.  First dinner, then up to take the plates back to the kitchen, then back with a damp rag to get the syrup off Kat’s fingers.  Then up to get a blanket to wrap around the two of them as they sat and watched.  Kat wrapped an arm around her shoulders, both to comfort her, and to keep her in one place.
“We need three more days.  If they will just leave us alone for three more days, we will be set.”
Kat slid her hand up and down Bethany’s shoulder and answered as quietly as she could, hoping Bethany would get the idea and keep her own voice down.
“You mother is too old to be pushing a wheel barrow around.  I’ll come over tomorrow and help for a couple hours, but use the workmen to do most of your moving.  Give them twenty bucks an hour – cash – if they stay an extra hour or two and move books.  They’ll do it.”
“Good.  Yes.  I’ll do that.”  Too fast.  Too loud.  The woman was scared.  Not surprising.  Kat pulled her close, and put her other hand along her face, turning it so she had her complete attention.
“I don’t know if we have three days.  But we might.  I think they are confused.  Maybe disorganized.  I am pretty sure two women were supposed to shoot me this weekend.  They chose not to.  Then we got this black convey.  And they seemed confused.  You didn’t see it, but when I confronted them, two cars drove away.  One stayed behind, then it drove off too.  These people aren’t working together well.  And maybe they aren’t as dangerous as we fear.”
“You didn’t see them when they drove past my cabin.  Slow, steady.  Big black cars.  Tinted windows.  When they came around the second time, I knew they were going to start shooting.”  Kat could feel her shaking.  She could also hear fear in her voice.
“Do you and your mother want to stay with me for a while?”
“We need to stay with the books.  Three more days.”
“Bethany, the books aren’t going to be any safer in your metal building.”  She stroked Bethany’s hair.  It was an odd feeling comforting a woman who had seemed so strong.  “They have weapons that can get through any locked door you have.  The concrete will just delay them.  If they want your books, they will get your books.”
“Three days, Kat.  Three days to move the books and protect them.”
Kat chose not to argue with her.  She held her close, stroked her hair, and waited for her to calm.  Eventually they both fell asleep in each other’s arms.



Chapter 43
Delivery Day

Kat woke just before dawn.  If they were coming, that would have been the right time.  She looked at the end table to see her pistol was still there.  Bethany had her face on Kat’s neck, her hot breath slow and regular.  Her wife?  She ran her fingers through Bethany’s hair, then slid her hand along her side.  There was an attraction.  She felt good in her arms.  Both were warm in their blanket.  Shared space.  Shared warmth.  Did they share anything else?  Good question to ask.  Kat would have to ask it.  But not now.  She stroked Bethany’s side, then kissed her when she woke and looked up at her.
“They didn’t come?”
“No.  They didn’t come.”  Kat loosened her hold on Bethany.  Bethany moved and stretched.
“I have to go to the library today.”  She paused and looked at Kat.  There was an expectation.
“I have laundry and some other things to do after my weekend, but I’ll watch the road, and I’ll spend some time with your mother.”
“Thank you.”  Bethany put her shoes back on, and stood.  “I’ll make you some breakfast.”
Kat let her go, then stood and walked to the door.  It would be a clear day.  The sun was already visible along the horizon.  Kat scanned the lake road.  No cars.  No people.  But she stayed in the shadows as she looked.
Bethany was back.  Pancakes again.  A bit chewy now on their third warming.  Kat had her set the tray farther from the windows.  They ate in silence, although Kat could see from Bethany’s expressions, she was working over a conversation in her mind.  Kat waited.
“There are eight thousand, six hundred, and forty eight lakes in Wisconsin.  I picked yours.”  Bethany had set her fork down next to her pancakes.  They were sitting side by side, both leaning over an oval coffee table that held their plates.  Conversation started, they turned to face each other.
“Kevin had that figured out.  My NSA connection?”
“Yes.  I used you.  I wanted them to know what I was doing.  Maybe they would help.  Maybe they would replicate my work.  I thought I knew some people there who were sympathetic.  I thought maybe your involvement would add credibility.”
“Seems reasonable.  Let’s see how I can phrase this next part.”  Kat paused, then changed her voice.  “But after one night in my bed, you knew you had to be with me forever.”
“Don’t Kat.  Please.”  She stared at the floor.  Then turned again to Kat.  “It was never that way.  I was attracted when I saw you.  I wondered if I had a chance.  I’m forty nine.  I have been for three years.  My hair is gray, my face is wrinkled, I was never the belle of the ball, and now I have more and more places that need covering.  Put me in a professional gathering, and I am the star of the show.  Put me in a bedroom, and I have hopes, and fears, and occasionally dare to dream.”
Kat waited.  Did she have more to say?  No.  Bethany was turned toward her, but she was looking towards Kat’s chin.  She wouldn’t meet her eyes.
“You have grace, you have style, and I know you are a good person trying to do a good thing.  I don’t know if we will end up married, but I do know I am grateful for every night we spend together.  This is the point where I should hug you, but my hands are sticky from syrup.  What do you say we wash off our hands, and then neck for a while before you go off to work?”
Somewhere in the middle of Kat’s response, she saw Bethany raise her eyes.  Even in the semi-darkness of the early dawn, the wrinkles around her eyes were plain, but so was love.  Kat kissed her and pulled her toward her bathroom.  They spent far longer in there than they needed to wash their hands, and came out holding each other.
Bethany ended up running to her car to get home and change before work.  Kat stood in her door and watched her drive away.
Except for that special breakfast, it was a normal Monday.  Kat did laundry.  She had eight beds to strip, and several arm loads of towels to take down.  She stayed busy all morning.  She also stayed armed.  She attached a holster to her belt, her pistol now riding her right hip, her sweater coving most – but not all – of it.
In between laundry loads, she checked the front of the lodge.  The usual trucks went by.  Workmen still building shelves.  A couple large delivery trucks also took the lake road.  More shelves, she supposed.  Nothing appeared out of the ordinary.
By noon she had all the beds remade and most of the towels dried and folded.  All the bathrooms needed work, but she had all week for that.  Time to visit her least favorite old lady.
She chose to walk.  The day was cold, but there was little wind.  Four years at the wrong end of Wisconsin had taught her in another month, such a day would seem like a godsend.  So she hit the road, checked autumn’s progress by the fraction of leaves still attached to trees (not many), and let the weak sun hit her face.
Fifteen minutes later she was in the book barn, looking for a quiet place to stand out of the way of six or eight workers.  Lois was standing by a pile of boxes, signing papers.  Another delivery.  The guys building shelves were not pleased.  They were still bringing in boxes of their own, and now they had to maneuver around this fresh pile.  Kat saw them grumble every time they pushed a dolly around the new pile.  If Lois noticed, it wasn’t apparent to Kat.
Signing done, Lois saw Kat and called her over, all smiles.
“Come look.  Each chapter is sending their best reserves.”
She took a box cutter from her pocket and carefully slit the tape on the top box.  Kat stepped close.  Books.  Yet more books.  These looked leather bound.  And very old.  The edge bindings on most volumes were creased and cracked.  Lois held the cardboard back from the books so Kat could get a good look.  And she waited.  Kat was to see something.  Unfortunately, all Kat saw was “old.”  Lois lost patience fast.
“Grant’s memoirs.  First edition.”
“General Grant.”  Kat was trying to show some knowledge and appreciation.  Apparently Lois didn’t think she was showing enough of either.
“Of course General Grant.  These have been sitting in a basement in Illinois for half a century.”
“And the rest?”  Kat pointed to the other seven or eight boxes.
“Collections from our chapters across the country.”
“Chapters?”
“I don’t know what kind of pillow talk you and Bethany have, but surely she told you we aren’t doing all this on our own.  There are dozens of Orwell chapters seeking out classic resources.  Some books are in our satellite locations, but most will be kept here.”
“That’s a mistake.”  Kat actually pushed the cardboard top back down over the books.  “I’ll be shocked if this barn is still standing in a week.  All this will be burned.”
“Over my dead body.”  Lois pointed to her shotgun standing by the door.  “And it’s a book repository, not a barn.”
“It will be rubble by Sunday.  I guarantee it.”
“We have security.”  She pointed above the door to a camera.  “And there’s two more outside.  And we have you.  And your friends at the NSA.”
“I don’t know how many friends we have.  I do know one guy with a pickup truck could take down your door and hose the place with gasoline.  All you’ll have is video of his backside in a hooded sweatshirt.”
“It’s a strong door with a concrete wall behind it.”
“Lois, you are making a mistake.  This whole thing is a mistake.”
“This is the smartest move my daughter ever made.”  It felt like staring contest, each staring across the boxes of books.  Six men kept moving around them, bringing in long boxes of book shelves and lining them up on yet another chalk line.  Kat waited, not sure what to do next.  Lois made the next move.
“Bethany said you would help.  If you are going to help, then help.  All these books need to be shelved.  Then we need to bring up more from the cabin.  Tomorrow we should get a load that is even bigger.  In two more days, this will be one of the prime book repositories in the world.”
Kat wanted to say, “By this weekend, this will be a smoking ruin,” but she couldn’t.  She stared at that tiny woman with the fierce face, and went along with her madness.  She pulled half a dozen books from the box and followed Lois to the shelves where they would be stored.
It was after four when she decided she had done enough.  She had shelved all the newly arrived books.  Some authors she recognized, some she did not.  Twice she had books fall apart in her hands.  And many that did stay in one piece stank of mildew.  But she shelved every book in every box, with Lois standing close and explaining why each book belonged in a particular order on a particular shelf.
Kat had thought she might leave after the last box was empty, but Lois pointed to the wheelbarrow in the corner.  Of course.  Books in the cabin.  Kat pushed it down the slope, Lois following slowly behind.
The cabin was still a muddle.  Clearly, some books had been moved out, but there were still piles all over the main room, and the second bedroom seemed to have just as many books as before.  If there was progress, there seemed to be fewer books around the doorway to the women’s bedroom.  But it wasn’t much progress.  Three days?  Bethany had thought they would be safe in three days?  Kat couldn’t imagine how all these books would be moved and shelved in three days.
She was on her fourth wheelbarrow load when four thirty arrived.  Either Bethany or Lois had followed through on Kat’s advice and hired the workers.  Four stayed past their four thirty quitting time to push the wheel barrow and two dollies up and down the hill.  It helped, but only to the extent that the largest piles of books were taken from the cabin’s main room.  Kat saw no progress on the bedroom.
Finally, somewhere after five, she excused herself and left.  Lois might have responded with thanks for the hard work, or a plea for additional help, but she did neither.  Kat said she was leaving, Lois nodded her head, and that was it.
Back at the lodge, Kat got a final load of towels out of the dryer, finished off a cheese tray, and made herself a salad.  A very quiet evening.  She sat near the windows, pistol on one side, her phone on the other.  No call or text from Kevin.  Kat decided not to text him again.  She did look at her phone now and again, but mostly she looked out across the road.  She saw no cars.  Eventually she felt her head slide back.  She let it rest on the top of the couch and slept.



Chapter 44
A Bad Night

Kat woke when Bethany drove up.  It was after midnight.  Working late at the library?  Kat unlocked the front door.  Bethany practically strutted to the door.  Silk dress and stiletto heels.  Had she been to a party?  If so, she made no mention of it.
“Mom said you were a big help this afternoon.”  Bethany pressed herself against Kat, pushing her back inside the lodge and closing the door.  She wrapped her arms around Kat’s waist and pulled their hips tight together.
“We should talk about that.”
“And you were wearing my ring.”
“Yes.”
“It’s not just a ‘yes’, Kat.  The workers there are local.  You let them see.”
“They are men.  They only look at rings when they are trying to pick a woman up.  And even then, it doesn’t always matter.”
“You let them see.  It matters, Kat.”
“Yes, I let them see.”  Kat backed toward the couch they had shared the night before.  Bethany stopped her.
“Kat, it has been a very long time since I felt loved.”  She was looking at Kat’s chin.  Kat put a hand to her face, raised it, and kissed her.
“I love you, Bethany.”  Kat hugged her, then moved again towards the couch where she kept watch.
“I have a better way tonight.”  Bethany stopped Kat, and pulled up on her sweater.  “It scratched my face all last night.”  She pulled it over Kat’s head, then unbuttoned her shirt.
“So, the plan is, when the bad guys come, I meet them wearing a bra.”
“Just let me get your shirt off.”  She got the last button undone, and pulled the shirt back over Kat’s shoulders.  “Now sit.”
Kat sat on the couch.  She moved both her pistol and her phone to the end table.  Bethany disappeared for a minute, then came back with a blanket.  She wrapped it around her shoulders, then sat facing Kat, straddling her, pulling up her skirt so she fit on Kat’s lap, her arms wrapped around Kat’s neck.  She pulled the blanket so it was over both of them.
“So this is how I watch for bad guys?”
“You pull me tight against you, both hands on my ass, you feel my silk on your chest, and I keep you warm while you watch the road.”
“You’re keeping me plenty warm.”  Kat slipped her hands over Bethany.  “And if anyone comes?”
“Kat, just hold me.  I’m making an effort, okay?  Yes, I am far too old for this kind of thing, but I’m trying.”
“You feel great, and you are not too old.”
“If I get too heavy, just push me off.”  Bethany bent Kat’s head back and kissed her.
“You planned this working at the library today?”
“Yes.”  She held her head just above Kat’s, her smile huge.  “I think a lot about you.”  Kat looked up at her face.  There were no lights on in the room, the only illumination coming from the lights above the parking lot.  Shadows were long, and deep.  In those shadows Kat saw a woman who was trying.  She suspected Bethany’s hips hurt from the position she had taken.  And having taken the lead, she was now vulnerable to any hint of rejection or complaint by Kat.
“I’ve never dated a librarian before.  I like it.”  She kept one hand on Bethany’s ass, and used the other to pull her head down for another kiss.  “This feels good, Bethany.  Very good.”
Bethany managed to hold that position for another ten or fifteen minutes, but Kat could feel her shifting her weight as the muscles in her thighs tired.  
“Why not sit to one side for a while?”  Kat moved her hands out of way as Bethany rose up and then sat on Kat’s lap, her legs now together, her side leaning against Kat.  Kat wrapped one arm around her shoulders, and slid the other up and down Bethany’s legs.  
Bethany lay her head on Kat’s shoulder, her voice just a whisper.
“I waited all day for this.  And it feels marvelous.”
“For me too.”
Sleep came faster than either expected.

A car door slammed.  Then a second.  Kat slid out from under Bethany, wrapped the blanket around her, and then dropped to the floor, her pistol in hand.  She felt around in the dark until she found her sweater, and pulled it on as she crawled to the front door where she had left her boots.
She could see them.  Two men standing hunched over an older truck.  She could see them.  She had heard them, now she could see them.  Idiots.  Or amateurs.  They had actually driven onto her driveway.  The lake road was completely in the dark.  They could have parked anywhere along it and walked an extra fifty feet.  No.  They had pulled onto the drive before stopping.  Onto the drive and just under the overhead lights.  Like they were afraid of the dark.  And, to continue the list of amateur moves, they had left the truck pointing in toward the house.  No quick exits for them.  They would have to back around, get out onto the lake road, and then accelerate away.  Who was that dumb?
She had plenty of time to watch through the windows.  Plenty of time to lace her boots.  Plenty of time to get her coat from her closet.  Their move?  Hunched over, they hurried from their truck to Bethany’s Volvo.  A new place to “hide.”  Once there, they whispered to each other, pointing to various places in the lodge.  Only now, now that they were onsite, did they make up their minds about how they would gain entry.  Based on where they were pointing, it appeared they would try the front door.
Kat let herself out the side door, and knelt at the corner of the lodge.  If they chose the front door, she would take them easily.  But carefully.  Both had AR-15s across their chests.  Maybe they had modified them to full automatic.  Maybe they were still single shot.  Either way, there were two of them, and their rifles would put out a serious stream of bullets. 
Time passed.  They got farther down behind the Volvo.  Making last minute plans?  Working up their courage?  They whispered back and forth.  Maybe eighteen.  Maybe twenty.  That was Kat’s best guess on their ages.  Similar in size.  Maybe brothers?  She could see their heads above the hood of the car.  Neither wore a mask.  Both had baseball caps on backwards.  Fashion statement, or something they had seen in a movie?  Longish hair.  Maybe the start of a beard.  The light wasn’t good enough to be sure.
Kat wished they would hurry up.  She had too much time to look at them.  Too much time to see their youth.  If they approached her door, she knew what she would have to do.  No options.  Bethany was inside.  Kat’s pistol held seven rounds.  She would only need two.  She extended her arms, resting an elbow on her knee.  She lined them up in her sights.
And then the yard lit up.  Dave Kekkonen sped across the drive, his high beams on and emergency lights flashing atop his car.  He drove around the boys’ truck and came up behind the boys, leaving them no room between his squad and the Volvo.  He hit his siren and then used his loudspeaker.  Both boys were already standing, arms high in the air.
“Turn.  Put your hands on the car.  Spread your feet.”  Both boys did as told.  Dave stayed in his squad.  “You on the left.  Using your left hand, you will slowly put your weapon on the ground.  Good.  Now both hands back on the hood.  You on the right.  Left hand.  Weapon on the ground.  Now kick it away.”
Kekkonen got out of the squad at that point, slowly, a shotgun in his hands.
“Kat, are you out here?”  He held his gun on the boys but looked up towards the lodge.
“Here.  I’m armed.”
“Lower your weapon and approach.”  
Kat dropped her hand to her side and walked towards the boys.  Both boys watched her approach.  Both were shaking.  Kat saw she had been right about their ages.  Late teens.  And she had been wrong about the beard.  Neither one had started shaving.
“Boys.”  Kekkonen continued to point his shotgun at their backs.  “You will lie face down on the ground, your ankles crossed, and your hands behind your back.”
Both boys complied.  Instantly.  Kekkonen rested his shotgun on the hood of his squad, and handcuffed each boy.  When done, he let them lie there.  He reracked his shotgun in the squad, and called in the arrest.  Ten or fifteen minutes passed.  The boys stayed on the ground, both looking towards Kat.  She stood over them, and stared back.  Finally she safetied her pistol and slipped it into the holster on her hip.  Her hand stayed on the gun.
Kekkonen got back out of his squad and stood over the boys again.
“You have the right, blah, blah, blah.  Care to talk to me?”
“You get our names.  We get an attorney.”  The boy on the left did the talking.  There was a quiver in his voice.  Fear.  And maybe the cold.  The ground was frozen.  Both boys probably wished they had dressed warmer.
“You get more than an attorney.  You get to live.”  Kekkonen stared down at the boys.  “Did you see where she came from?  She had you covered.  One step closer to her house, and your brains would have been splattered all over this drive.  Military police.  Twenty years.”
Kekkonen made them lie on the ground another five minutes, then moved them one at a time into the back of his squad.  Their rifles went into his trunk.  Dave made another call, then stood for a few minutes with Kat.  She started the conversation.
“Glad you were in the neighborhood.”
“I thought two fires were enough.”
“So you followed them in here?  You could have stopped them sooner.”
“Maybe.  And you could have opened fire at any time.”
“They’re just kids, Dave.”
“Kids with AR-15s.”
They stood together by the side of the Volvo.  Looking at each other.  Kat had a sudden urge to hug him, but didn’t.
“Thanks for being here.”
“Do you plan to tell me what’s going on?”
“Some people aren’t happy with the book barn.  I don’t know why.  And I don’t know who.  I have friends back in Washington trying to find out.”
“We can park a squad here.”
“I’d be grateful for the help.”
“I’ll see what I can arrange.”  
They left it at that.  A promise of help.  Two boys off to jail.  Kekkonen turned off his emergency lights and headed south to Marinette.  Kat let herself back in the side door.  Bethany was waiting for her.
“I picked the right lake.”  She wrapped her arms around Kat, and pulled her into the bedroom.



Chapter 45
A Walk in the Woods

It turned out Bethany couldn’t cook.  She was up early the next morning to make breakfast while Kat showered.  The last of the weekend’s pancakes were gone, so she made eggs.   Kat managed to get some down, but it wasn’t easy.  
“I’m still getting used to your stove.”
“What do you normally have for breakfast?”  Kat put her fork in the remains of the eggs, sliding runny yokes and gelatinous whites in globs from one side of her plate to the other.
“Usually just coffee.  Maybe a piece of toast.”
“Let’s do this.  You make coffee, I will do the rest.”  Kat took her plate to the sink and washed the egg remains into the disposal.
Bethany left soon thereafter, a hug, a kiss, and yet another “Thank you” at the door.  Kat wasn’t sure how much Bethany had seen the night before.  Enough to be frightened, and enough to be all over Kat in bed.  Her gratitude had Kat awake much of the night.
Kat had also lost some sleep from general confusion.  Amateurs.  They had slammed their car doors like they were getting out at WalMart.  The position of the car was wrong.  Their movements were wrong.  Whoever had sent them had given them no intel and no coherent orders.  Just two kids with guns sent off into the night.  Who did that?
Their truck was still sitting in her drive.  Kat walked out and got a shot of the front plate.  She sent that and a quick summary to Kevin.  It was now Tuesday.  She had not heard from him since Thursday.  Maybe he was ghosting her again.
Meanwhile, she had eight bathrooms to clean.  Toilets, sinks, mirrors, floors.  And as always, mirrors took longest.
Around bathroom four or five, she realized she could not hold her usual seminar that weekend.  Too dangerous.  Until this book barn business was settled, she couldn’t bring innocents into a free fire zone.  So she sat down in her office and emailed the nine women registered for the weekend.  Forty five hundred bucks gone.  And a weekend she liked.  “Historic Trails.”  The woods were filled with old logging roads, many that had been rail lines used to get the huge white pine logs out.  She and the women would take long walks, shuffling through the fallen leaves, enjoying the last of the colors, talking about the logging days.  The forecast even called for sunshine.  But.  Who knew who might appear at night?  So, she sent apologies, promised refunds and future discounts, and blamed the untimely death of a grandmother.  She hoped she would not be doing this too many weekends.
After cleaning bathrooms and giving up the funds to help with a monster mortgage, Kat was in no great mood.  Time to walk up to the book barn.  If twenty years in the army had taught her anything, it was that bad days don’t get better.  You just kept pushing, and hoped to eventually come out the other side.
Lois didn’t help.  She was standing in front of her cabin cursing at her wheel barrow.  It had hit a root and dumped her books.  For an old lady, she had a pretty good grasp of essential profanity.  And her wheel barrow was catching it full volume.
Kat did the obvious.  She righted the wheel barrow and refilled the books, brushing dirt and fallen leaves off several.  Lois’ only comment was, “I hoped you would be here earlier.”  Kat ignored her and pushed the books up to the barn.  She set it near several empty shelves and waited for Lois to catch up.
“Just leave it there and help me with these new arrivals.”  Lois pointed to a pile of boxes.  They were just inside the door, and in the way of the shelf builders.  If there was happiness anywhere in the building, Kat couldn’t detect it.
“We need to get these put away.  They have to be out of the way when tomorrow’s delivery arrives.  Tomorrow is the big day.”  Kat understood that when Lois said “we” she meant Kat.  Kat took the box cutter from Lois and began moving arm loads of books to shelves Lois pointed her to.  The new arrivals?  Pretty much as the others – old, somewhat smelly, often damaged.  Kat lugged them to one shelf after another, knowing how badly her clothes would smell by the end of the afternoon.
“Did Bethany tell you about last night?”  Kat had worked her way through six or seven boxes, trying to clear one end of the pile so the workmen could more easily wheel their shelves past.  So far, no thanks from Lois or the shelf builders.
“They should have come up here.  My shotgun was ready.”
“You may get your chance.”  Kat had an armload of books that looked like they had been out in the rain.  Page after page was discolored.  And the smell…
“One more day and we’ll be set.”  Kat dropped her books on the shelf Lois pointed to.  Rather than get another armload, she stopped and bend down towards Lois.  
“One more day won’t change anything.”  She kept her voice down.  “The door won’t be any stronger, and the books any less flammable.  I know you mean well, but this just isn’t going to work.”
“One more day.”  Lois was tiny, and looked even tinier amongst the towering bookshelves.  The top shelf was eight feet up, high enough for Kat to stand on tiptoe as she reached up with her books.  Lois could barely read the book titles three shelves lower.  Yet there she was, standing straight, her chin up, every work spoken like God’s own truth.  She stared up at Kat, daring Kat to disagree.  Kat just shook her head and went back for more books.
“Can I at least suggest some additional security?”  Kat came back with another armload of books.  This one smelled pretty much like all the others.  “Start with the easy things.  A truck parked across the entrance.  You move it out of the way in the morning, and then roll it back at night.  Simple.”
“We don’t have a truck.”
“Buy one.  Use your Volvo until you get one.  You have to park your car somewhere.  Why not park it across the door?”
“I’ll talk to Bethany.  But I wouldn’t want her car damaged.”  
That ended conversation for Kat.  At least conversation with Lois.  She would try later with Bethany.  In the meantime she finished with the boxes.  All those smelly books now on shelves, she took the wheelbarrow down to the cabin.  The workers had taken out some more books after she had left yesterday, but the piles still seemed endless.  One more day?  It would take fifty men to get all the books into the barn in one more day.  And that would just make it more convenient for any arsonist.  All the books in one place.  Just a bigger fire.
Kat had enough patience for five loads, and then she went home.  She waved to Lois and caught a dirty look in return.  Silly woman.  Nasty woman.  Old woman.  Kat just shook her head as she walked the lake road home.
And stopped.  She had reached one of the logging roads that went off to the west.  One of the roads she had blocked.  The sound was faint.  But there was no mistaking it.  A chainsaw.  There was the long grind as it cut into the wood, then the race and roar as it came free.  She couldn’t hear it idle as it paused between cuts, but it was loud again as it was brought up to speed and then dropped onto another tree.  She could visualize it as well as if she were standing on the road itself.  They were taking out the blockade.
She checked her watch.  Nearly five.  The sun was already resting on the tree tops to the southwest.  Late for loggers to work.  There was a chance that the owner of that section had seen the damage and come to clear it for himself.  A chance.  A small chance.  She would wait until dark, and go see for herself.  If they were still cutting after dark, they weren’t local.  They were trouble.
Kat double timed back to the lodge, ate a sandwich, drank a liter of water, changed into her camo, and laced up her jump boots.  She put her pistol in one pocket of her coveralls, a handful of rifle bullets in the other.  She would take her Winchester 30-30.  Her deer rifle.  One more text to Kevin.  Here’s where I am going.  Then she was out the door.
The lake road was dark, and silent.  She set a pace she knew well – double time.  It was no more than a quarter mile to the logging road.  She ran with her rifle across her chest.  Both hands holding it easily, lightly.  The design of a Winchester 94 is a century old.  But it was a good design.  One hand on the barrel, one hand on the stock.  There was weight to the rifle, but not enough to matter over the distance she would be running.
The turn for the logging road was easy to find, even in the dark.  The gravel along the edge of Lake Road shone almost white in the half moon over head.  Suddenly the white edge was wider.  She crossed the gravel quickly, aware of the noise she made.  Three steps and she was on dirt, grass, and leaves.  Freshly fallen leaves.  Noise was inevitable.  She slowed her pace.
Logging roads are the same as any farm road - two ruts with the dirt crushed down by generations of wheels, a grass mound in between – grass and weeds over dirt that hadn’t been compressed.  Kat chose the rut on the left, and started making twenty step advances.  Twenty steps.  Look.  Listen.  Look again.  Twenty more steps.
The trees had lost most – but not all – of their leaves.  Almost no light made it to ground level.  She felt the road as much as she saw it.  But sound was more important to her.  Her sound – much louder than she would have liked.  Their sound – the chainsaw stopped intermittently, but always restarted.  She assumed they would have a truck shining its lights on the log barrier.  Someone was cutting in that glare.  Not safe.  Not smart.  Nothing that a logger would do.
Kat started again.  On her third step she heard a voice.
“He’s waiting on the left.  About two hundred yards ahead.”
Kat froze.  She knew that voice.  Kaitlyn.  She moved her head slowly, looking into the dark.
“You already passed me.  If you do that with him, he will have you silhouetted against the truck lights.  Very disappointing Kat.  He’d put a full clip across your back.”
“I already smelled him.  He’s smoking.”
“Let’s just back out of here.  We need to talk.”
Kat heard motion in the leaves to her left.  Both women turned and slowly walked back to the lake road.
“Two kids.  One working the chainsaw like he’s not sure which end to hold.  The other standing guard.  They’ve been at it a couple hours, making almost no progress.  I think you’re safe for another night.”
“I sent you home.”  The two women were face to face in the middle of the road.  Their voices were still low, but their word were emphatic.
“Christie said I should stay.  Ninety day free home trial.”
“You’ve been in the woods all this time?”
“Some nights in the woods, some nights in my car, some nights in a motel in Crivitz.  Happening place, Crivitz.”
As they talked, several cars drove up the far side of lake drive.  Kat took a step as if to follow them.
“Relax.  They are just OWLs.”
“What?”  Kat turned back toward Kaitlyn.  Even in the faint light of the moon, Kat thought she saw a smug look.
“There is so much you don’t know.”  Kaitlyn pointed back toward the lodge.  “We really need to talk.”  She led the way back down the road.  Kat followed, watching across the lake as the cars continued on their way.  She saw red brake lights as they came around to Bethany’s barn.  She heard no shotgun blasts.  Apparently these people were welcome.
Back in the lodge, Kaitlyn shed her boots and coat and went straight to the bar.  Kat had a bottle of bourbon for special occasions.  Kaitlyn poured herself a glass, turned and smiled.  Kat put her coat back in her closet, took off her boots, and waited.  It was clear Kaitlyn wanted to talk.  She would need no prompting.
But there was that smug look again.  Now clearly visible in the light from the antlered chandelier.  She sipped her drink and stared at Kat.  And waited.  Kat lost her patience.
“You want to talk, so go ahead and talk.  First, what is an owl?”
“Or Well Librarian.  They have a logo and everything.  Started coming up a couple days ago.  Dinner at the Hilton, huddles at the library, now setting up for the big event at the barn.  Reception tomorrow at eight.  Biggest OWL gathering ever.”
“You know this how?”
“I go places, I listen.  Now ask the bigger question.  Why is it you don’t know?”
Kat didn’t have an answer to the question, and chose not to make up some excuse.  There were things – important things – Bethany wasn’t telling her.  Not good, but Kat could live with it.  She would have some things to say to Bethany next time they met.  In the meantime, she had Kaitlyn to deal with.
“Do you have anything else to report?”
“Yes, but it can wait until we are in bed.”
“That’s not going to happen.”
“Kat, I have been sleeping in my car, in shady motels, and in the woods.  Tonight I get a real bed.  Your bed.  You can join me, or you can sleep out here.  But I am sleeping in there.”  She pointed towards Kat’s bedroom, then finished her drink and started walking.
“You need to be invited.”
“I told you once before.  Women don’t wait by the phone any more.  Besides, I saved your life tonight.”
“I would have spotted him.  I had his smell.”
“So you say.”  Kaitlyn walked past Kat, already unbuttoning her shirt.  Kat could see her down the hallway.  She heard her at her dresser, and guessed she was pulling on one of her night gowns.  The next sound was bed springs as she got into Kat’s bed.
Kat waited a few minutes, then went into her room and sat on the edge of her bed.
“Kaitlyn, thank you for tonight.  And thank you for sticking around.  I’ve slept on the ground.  I know it’s not easy.  But Kaitlyn, there isn’t going to be anything between the two of us.  If you want your bed back upstairs, it can be yours again.  But this isn’t your room, and I’m not your lover.”
“I will go upstairs if you like.  Tomorrow.  But tonight you will lie with me, and I will tell you some things while I hold you.”  She paused.  “You will want me to hold you while I tell you.”
Hesitating never solved anything.  Kat would do it, or not.  She chose not to.
“Kaitlyn, use my bed if you like tonight, but I will be out on the couch, standing guard.”  Kat immediately stood and walked to the great room and to the couch near the windows.  She pulled her pistol from her coat, set it on the table next to the couch, and settled in.  She could see additional cars coming in from Town Corner Lake Road and turning towards Bethany’s cabin.  A gathering.  OWLs.  She thought it a clever name.
Kaitlyn was standing over her two minutes later.  She had a blanket around her shoulders, and just stood looking at Kat.  Kat patted the seat next to her.
“You’re welcome to help stand watch if you like.  So far no trouble.  Just more people to see Bethany.  OWLs I assume.”
Kaitlyn sat, but she also pushed Kat forward so she could rearrange the blanket around both of them.  She pulled it tight, and pressed herself against Kat.
“Planning tonight.  Reception tomorrow.  Eight o’clock.  By midnight, all this is over.  Thursday mom drives home to Pittsburg, Bethany flies to Boston.  First event of a series of events.  Lectures.  Receptions.  She will be gone six months.  Probably more.”
“That can’t be right.  She needs to protect her books.”
“She doesn’t seem at all concerned.  Maybe she thinks you will do it.  Maybe she thinks a lock on the door is all she needs.”
“That can’t be right.”
At that point, Kaitlyn played her cards perfectly.  She said no more.  She did little more.  An occasional look at Kat, her blue eyes close.  Her fingers playing lightly in Kat’s hair.  Her head resting on Kat’s shoulder.  She fell asleep.  And left Kat to wonder what was going on.
Kat had all night to think things through.  She drifted off now and then, but she had long stretches of inquiry.  She decided she had two problems.  She would separate them.  Maybe Kaitlyn was lying, but if not, Bethany was leaving.  She might be back in six months.  Maybe.  Kevin?  Kevin wouldn’t be coming back.  Would Bethany?  Bethany was a gifted speaker.  Kevin said so.  And once she started touring, she might just keep going.  Yes, she might just keep going.  Kat had lost Kevin, and now she had lost Bethany.  If Kaitlyn hadn’t wrapped her so tightly in her blanket, Kat would have stood, stalked around the great room, and found something to punch.  But she couldn’t.  
So she did the more responsible thing.  She turned her thoughts to problem number two – the books.  After all the work that had gone into gathering them, and housing them, she was just going to leave them?  How did that make sense?  There was this OWL group Kaitlyn had mentioned.  Maybe they would watch the books.  Some sort of shift work.  Vacation days spent in the repository.  Sleep in the cabin?  Were they that dedicated?  What about rent-a-cops?  Maybe they had the money for that.  Kat worked her way through one alternative after another.  None seemed right.
At some point she just gave up and slept.  Then it was dawn.  Time to get going.  Kat tried to twist out of the blanket without waking Kaitlyn.  But Kaitlyn was awake, and holding tight.
“Time to let go of the blanket, Kaitlyn.  I need to get started on some things.”  Kat tried to move again.  Kaitlyn held tight.
“Kat, first I want you to look at me.  Really look at me.”  Kaitlyn took Kat’s head and turned it.  Inches separated them.  “Are you looking?”
“Yes.”  Kat did look.  Kaitlyn’s eyes were a darker shade of blue.  A blue you noticed.  Her hair was a bit of a mess, but it hung on each side of her face in gentle curls.  “Kaitlyn, you are a very attractive woman.  You know that.  I know that.”
“And?”
“And you have worked hard while you were here.  Even after I sent you away.  You probably kept me out of trouble last night.”
“And?”
“Kaitlyn, I know you are looking for someone.  It’s not going to be me.”  
“You used to like having me in your bed.  Be honest about that.  I am pretty, and young, and pretty good in bed.  And I want you.  Yes, we had that disagreement about shooting that guy.  And you are pretty messed up right now, losing both your lovers.  This isn’t great timing for me.  And I’m not too keen on being your consolation prize.  But I am here.  With you.  Feel me.  Touch me.  Look at me.  I am going to kiss you.  Kiss me back.  That’s all I ask.”
She kissed Kat.  She held Kat’s head and maintained the kiss.  She waited for some movement from Kat.  She studied Kat’s face, played with her hair, then kissed her again.  And waited.  Kat’s hand reached across to Kaitlyn’s cheek.
“I’m not making any promises.”
Kaitlyn’s smile broadened.  “Kat, your hand is saying all I need to hear.”


Chapter 46
Faith in the Forest

That morning embrace didn’t settle matters.  If anything, it made their relationship more complicated.  So there was a fair amount of tension in the lodge.  They ate breakfast together.  But it felt like a first date.  Making eye contact.  Avoiding eye contact.  Touching by accident.  Touching with purpose.  Complicated.  Exhausting.
Kat responded by staying busy.  Even though her weekend workshop was cancelled, she did her usual housekeeping.  Out came the vacuum.  Six guest rooms, then the main floor.  Lots of noise, and a good reason to keep her eyes on the floor while she thought through the past few hours.  Kaitlyn had gone out and gotten her car from wherever she had hidden it.  Now it was in the parking area, trunk open while she brought in armload after armload of clothing, all of which went into Kat’s closet, and some into Kat’s dresser.  She was claiming her territory.  She had heard what she wanted to hear, felt what she wanted to feel.  Kat let it happen.
Kat thought about the lovers she had lost.  Kevin was gone.  She should have expected that.  She told herself that every few minutes.  She should have expected him to leave.  There had to be another woman.  Men aren’t monks.  They find women.  The nature of the species.  Hell, the nature of all species.  That’s how species stay species.  She had to know there was another woman.  She had to know he wasn’t going to stay with her.  She had to know Lithuania was just a mirage.  She had to know.  It was dumb of her to take so long to figure that out.
Bethany was a surprise.  A painful surprise.  It hurt.  Part of the pain was a sense of betrayal.  Speaking engagements aren’t set up at the last minute.  Thirty speeches?  That took months to arrange.  This was all carefully planned, and carefully hidden.  Kat found herself going over the carpet in the great room.  The vacuum took a path between one of the many leather chairs and one of the many side tables.  And she stood there.  She braced her feet and pressed the vacuum forward and back, forward and back, forward and back, each time pressing the handle down harder.  She could feel the motor racing as she pressed the brushes deeper into the carpet, the increased resistance straining the vacuum.  Whining motor or not, she ran the vacuum back and forth like she wanted to dig her way down through the floor.
In the end, she didn’t damage the carpet or burn out the machine.  But she also didn’t solve her essential problem.  Two people she loved were leaving her.  No, past tense.  Two people she loved had left her, Kevin already gone, Bethany already packing her bags.
Response?  Vacuuming didn’t seem to be helping.  Time to punch someone.  She put on her jump boots and a light coat, her pistol in the pocket.  Time to finish the mission she had started the night before.
Double time.  Five minutes up the lake road to the logging road, eight minutes through the woods to where she had blocked the road.  If they were still waiting for her to come up the road, they were going to have to deal with a very angry woman.
She did no recon at all.  If they were hiding behind a tree, waiting to ambush her, she figured they’d better get her with the first shot.  They weren’t going to get a second.  She charged right up to the fallen trees.  They were still a mess.  Limbs had been cut, and several trunks were chopped and stacked, but they weren’t any closer to clearing the road.  On the far side of the pile was a pickup truck.  She recognized it.  The two boys from the other night.  One was sitting with a chainsaw, filing teeth on the chain.  The other was standing by the truck smoking a cigarette.
They saw her and scrambled towards the truck, either to escape or to draw weapons.  Kat kept coming, running around the brush pile, through the stumps she had left.  Her pistol out, she fired a round over the truck as she ran.  Both boys instantly ducked and wrapped their arms around their heads like they were warding off a beating.
“Stand where you are, or I’ll shoot you both.”
“Don’t shoot.  Don’t shoot.”  Both boys were now crouching, arms still around their heads.  Both were facing towards the truck, shouting their words into rusty fenders.
“You know the drill.  Face down on the ground, hands behind your back.”  She was still about twenty yards from them, but the boys instantly obeyed.  By the time she stood by the side of the truck, both boys were on the ground, their hands where she could see them.  She took a knee, her gun pointed in their general direction, but her finger off the trigger.
“If I shoot you two, it will be spring before they find your bodies.  Maybe not then.  And that would be fair.  Twice you tried to kill me.  Time for payback.”
“Once.  At your lodge.  But we hoped to educate you.”  The boy closest to her turned his head partially in her direction, but mostly he was talking to the dirt.
“What the fuck could you educate me about?”
“The Bible.”  This from the second boy.  He lifted his head to say “the Bible,” and Kat had to point her gun at him to get his head back down.
“If you tell me you’re Jehovah’s Witnesses I’m going to have to shoot you.”
“We are Faith Healers.  We need to end your blasphemy.”  Boy number two seemed to be getting worked up.  His hands were now by his shoulders like he might jump up.  Kat fired a round a foot or so from his head.
“Put your hands behind your back.  If you make any move to get up, I will shoot you.”  His hands went behind his back, and both boys dropped their faces in the dirt and leaves.  Kat changed her position so she stood even more behind them.  Better position to shoot from – if needed.
“You have twenty seconds to tell me what kind of madness is going on between your ears.  Your time starts now.”
“Faith Healers.  We heal people who have lost their faith.  You are building a temple to Satan.  It is filled with an altar to Satan and books that defy the word of God.”
“I think I could use a translator, but I have to guess you are talking about the book barn the town librarian is building.  And somehow you are upset about encyclopedias.  Lots of them are old, and there is a smell, but I think its mildew, not Satan, but then, what would I know?”
“Books of Satan.  I can give you a web address.  And Facebook.  Pastor Joel explains it all.”
“A fucking website?  What are you, morons?” 
“We are Faith Healers.”
“Okay.  A club for morons.  So you sit up here last night, waiting to shoot me.  Morons with guns.”
“We are just cutting through the trees so we can get to the books without you seeing.  We don’t want to kill you unless we have to.”
“Thank you.  I appreciate your concern.”
Kat stood up and looked into the truck.  Their AR 15s were lying on the floor behind the front seat.  She pulled one out and reviewed it.  Full clip.  Clean barrel.  She wondered if it had ever been fired.  Still, these boys were messed up, and messed up boys did dangerous things.  
Kat pulled both rifles from the truck and popped the clips, throwing both clips deep into the woods.  She laid one rifle by the first boy.
“You are going to smash this gun over the bed of your truck.  I want to see the barrel bend, and the trigger guard crushed.”
“It cost me a thousand dollars.”
“My bullets cost about forty cents.  You choose.”  Kat stood back, her pistol now held in both hands, extended in shooting position.  The boy looked, then stood up.  He checked the rifle and saw the empty clip.  He looked at Kat like she was Satan herself, then walked to the back of his truck and swung the rifle against the side of the bed.  He didn’t swing it hard enough to do any damage, but it made some noise.  He looked at Kat, no doubt hoping she was satisfied.  She moved her pistol so it was now aimed at his head.  She waited.  He waited.  Then he swung the rifle again.  This time hard enough to put a huge dent into the side of his truck, but also enough to bend the barrel.  He hit it two more times, then held it up for her to see.
“Good.  Now sit there.”  Kat pointed to an area near the front of the truck.  “Your turn.”  She stepped back, her pistol ready again, and watched as the second boy destroyed his rifle.  He did it in two swings.
“Good boy.  Now.  The two of you will get back into your truck and drive back up this road.  It would take you a week to cut through these trees, and you don’t have the time.  You have a reception to attend.  Eight o’clock tonight.  Satan’s barn.  Feel free to tell your internet friends.  There may even be food.  I give you free run of the book repository.  Any book written by Satan is yours to take.  If you find a golden altar, the two of you are free to carry it out to your truck. But if you or any of your friends bring a weapon into that barn, I will kill you.  No warning shots.  No second chances.  I see a weapon, you die. Understood?”
“There is evil in that barn.”
“There is mush between your ears.”  She waved toward the truck with her pistol.  “Time for you to go.”  She stood to one side as they got back in their truck.  She held her position, pistol still in both hands as they backed up the logging road.  Only after she heard their truck in the distance did she turn and walk back through the woods, back to the lake road.



Chapter 47
Six Boxes of Books

Time to get up to the barn and do the favor for Kevin’s professor.  Day of the reception.  Last chance for the huge book shipment he had mentioned.  Last chance for his books to arrive mixed with the others.  He was asking a former lover to do a favor for a current lover.  Did that bother him at all?  It sure bothered Kat.  It bothered her more when she got to the barn and found Lois fighting with the FedEx guy.  Little woman, huge guy.  No contest.  She had him backing toward his truck, ready to turn and run.
“Twenty four boxes.  All numbered.  All tracked.  Advanced shipping notices on every box.  And here sit thirty boxes.  Are any of them really for me?  Or did you just grab a bunch of boxes from the nearest warehouse and assume I would accept them?  Well?”
“I have paperwork for thirty.  Really.”  He pointed to the cab of his truck.  He took another step in that direction.  Kat could imagine him climbing up into the cab and racing out of town.
“The last six boxes are mine.”  Kat was still on the lake road, but if they could shout, so could she.  “I asked for them.”  Kat took quick steps to the back of the truck.
“What did you order?”  Lois turned on Kat.  Same fierce look, weight on the balls of her feet, shoulders hunched like she wanted to go a few rounds.
“Books.  For the repository.”
“Show me.”  She held a box cutter in her hand, blade towards Kat.  She looked ready to attack.  Meanwhile, Kat could see the FedEx guy back away.  He had the truck halfway down Lake Road while Kat waited for Lois to retract the razor blade and hand the cutter to her.
“Colonel McCurry thought you might want some books on Black History.  He had them selected by a professor at Howard University in Washington.”
“I know where Howard is.  Show me.”
Kat carefully took the box cutter from Lois, and then started examining the pile of boxes.  Most had big red labels – “Orwell’s Librarians”.  The others were ordinary brown cardboard with standard white shipping labels.  Kat grabbed the first of these, and carefully slit the tape across the top.  Lois stood at her shoulder as she opened the box.
“Roots.”  Lois pulled the top book from the box.  “Really?”  She practically pushed it in Kat’s face.
“Not a good book?”
“Idiot.”  Lois slapped the book against her hip and walked to the barn.  Kat followed close behind.  Six rows of book shelves later, Lois stopped and pointed.  There were three copies of Roots, and two copies of the Autobiography of Malcolm X.  “Two of these are autographed by Alex Haley.  One has his chapter notes.”
“I guess Kevin didn’t know you had a Black History section in your collection.”
“We don’t have a Black History section.  We have an American History section.”  Lois pushed the book in amongst the other copies of Roots. She was nearly a foot shorter than Kat, but somehow, when she looked at Kat again, it was like she was looking down at her.  “Is there anything useful in those boxes?”
“I don’t know.”
“Then make yourself useful.  Lug all thirty boxes in, get them out of everyone’s way, and start putting books on shelves.  We have a reception at eight.  This place needs to look a lot better than it does now.”  She took quick little steps out of the barn and to a group of approaching women.
Kat spent the next three hours opening boxes and putting books in places that seemed reasonable – encyclopedias with encyclopedias, novels with novels, nonfiction with others of the same topic.  Lois stopped back several times to check on Kat, but she never offered to help.  Kat was the box lady for the afternoon.  Lois worked on some AV equipment near the doors.  Half a dozen women wearing matching black dresses worked with her.  Obviously preparations for the reception.  The reception Kat hadn’t been invited to.
Kevin’s six boxes?  Almost all duplicates.  There were several volumes of transcribed oral histories, each entry beginning with photographs of very old former slaves.  Those seemed to be unique.  Kat decided on her own that they should go near several biographies of Harriet Tubman.
By five o’clock Kat had emptied all thirty boxes and carried out all the cardboard to a waste pile.  Her clothes were filthy, and she smelled like something that had lived in a basement for decades.  She decided her work was done for the day.  Kat passed Lois on the way out and said “See you later.”  Lois stared at her.  Kat was reminded of the way her DI looked at her during basic training.  She waited for Lois to say, “Maggot.  Drop and give me fifty.”  
Instead she heard, “We are having a reception tonight.  Eight.  You are welcome to join us.”  There wasn’t a hint of “welcome” in the invitation.  Just the usual grumpiness.  But Kat nodded and left.
Back at the lodge, it took Kat forever to wash the stink off herself and out of her hair.  As she washed, she caught glimpses of Kaitlyn.  She’d wander into the bathroom, do something with her makeup, then be gone again.  The next visit it would be to play with her hair.  Each time she would glance towards the shower, but say nothing.  
Obviously another problem for Kat to deal with.  The woman wanted to know where she stood.  Very understandable.  Reasonable.  And unfortunate.  Kat had no idea where Kaitlyn stood.  Friend?  Lover?  Assistant?  Irritant?  At the moment, irritant.  Kat had to make plans for the reception.  It would also be nice if she had plans for Bethany.  How did that conversation go?  She had no idea.
Kaitlyn, meanwhile, acted like a house fly.  Always circling back.  Kat finally left the shower, wrapped herself in a towel, and tried to dry her hair.  Kaitlyn was instantly at her side.  She was wearing a slip and holding two dresses.
“What do you think?”  She held one dress in front of her, moved a bit behind it, then held the other.  She stood close, moved her hips, let her slip slide a bit up her thigh as she fooled with the two dresses.  Her question, of course, had nothing to do with the dresses.  She wanted to know what Kat thought about her.  She wasn’t quite desperate for an answer, but she was close.  Kat could see it in her expression – and in how her hips moved.
Kat couldn’t let the discomfort go on.  She put a hand to Kaitlyn’s face, brought her close, and kissed her.
“Choose something black that gives you easy movement.  We want to blend in with the other women at the reception.  With the OWLs.  And, we are both going armed.”
From the smile on her face, you would have thought Kat had just told her they were going to Disneyland.  Kaitlyn leaned into Kat, her hips pressing Kat’s, her face close for another kiss.
“I’ll be ready, Kat.”  Long kiss, and both dresses went back into the closet.  She came back out wearing a black cocktail dress with a widely flared skirt.  She stood where Kat could see her, even turning to present a view.  When she saw Kat nod, she smiled even bigger and almost skipped on her way to the kitchen.  “Dinner will be ready in ten minutes.”
Kat knew she had just made a commitment.  But she had also made someone happy.  At least for the moment, it seemed like the right thing to do.
Kat’s choice of a gown for the evening?  Also sleeveless.  Unfortunately, her only black dress was a classic “little black dress” that clung to her.  Great for getting Kevin’s attention.  Not so good if she had to move quickly.  She made up for it by choosing very sensible shoes.  She also had a fairly large black patent leather purse.  Her pistol would fit easily.  She practiced opening the purse and reaching for the pistol.  She adjusted the shoulder strap on the purse until it felt right.  She also pushed a spare clip into the purse, hoping one would be enough.  
Dinner was less strain than Kat had expected.  Kaitlyn set their dinners in the dining room, their seats close, candles lit, her hand on Kat as they spoke.  But the conversation was a topic they both understood.  Action planning.  Who stood where, who might do what, how best to respond.  Considering they didn’t have any idea how many might attend the reception, and what purposes attendees might have, and what threats might arise, the plan had lots of unknowns.  Their one known?  The skills each brought to the event.  Both Kat and Kaitlyn had faced fire before.



Chapter 48
A Reception with a Twist

The march from the lodge to the reception brought back memories.  No boots, no battle rattle, but the process was the same – see the bad guys before they see you.  The book barn was on the opposite end of the lake, the far end of a circle drawn by the Lake Road.  Kat walked the east side of the circle, Kaitlyn the west.  Each was scouting for cars pulled off the road, or people clustered in groups.  And of course they were watching for arms.  Anything short of an RPG was legal in Wisconsin.  Open carry, concealed carry, open display, open intimidation.  No open display for Kat.  She was just a lady in a tight black dress, going to a party.  Maybe her best disguise ever.
The road was busy.  Reception at eight, Kat timed her arrival for seven thirty – time to get in place and prepare.  Wrong.  The road was filled with OWLs.  And locals.  Four years in Amberg, and she still did not understand rural Wisconsin.  No one arrived fashionably late.  Everyone arrived enthusiastically early.  There were cars parked on both sides of the road.  She inspected each.  Empty cars were fine.  Cars with people lurking – trouble.  But all were empty.  Each adding to the crowd walking through the night to the book barn.
Even from a distance, Kat could see the barn was going to be overwhelmed.  Everyone in Amberg had to be in attendance, plus most of Wausaukee and a good share of Crivitz.  And then there were all the women in black.  They all seemed to know each other.  Lots of hugs, lots of talking, a general flow up the road and up the slight rise to the book barn.  Men in black?  A few, but it appeared most OWLs were female.  If Kat ever saw Bethany again, she might ask why.  If she ever saw her again.  
Kat just joined the flow to the barn, stopping briefly to talk with Deputy Kekkonen.  Dave had parked near the Evans’ cabin.  He was standing aside his squad, being very visible.  He knew virtually all the locals who approached the barn, and greeted them by name.  Most stopped to at least say hello.  Many asked about Bonnie or his kids.  Small town policing.  Kat stood with him a few minutes.  When Kaitlyn came up from the other side of the lake, Kat pointed her out.
“Kaitlyn is an Army MP, here on vacation.  She is armed.  I am armed.  We will both be inside the barn.”
“Wasn’t she around when the farm house burned?  Now back for a second vacation?”  He kept his voice low.  But his stare was direct.  Kat chose to avoid the question.
“She’s here to help.  I may need her.”
“Yes.  You may.  Big crowd.  Lots of women in black.  Seven people that aren’t local and aren’t in black.  They are already inside.  No visible weapons, but concealed carry is legal now.  And easy.  Small guns fit in a purse, or even in a skirt.”
Kat smiled and patted her purse.  “I won’t tell Bonnie you study women that closely.”
Kekkonen ignored the comment.  He was staring over Kat’s shoulder at the crowd.  All business.  “Another deputy will be here soon.  We can monitor the exterior.  We’ll go inside if we need to go inside.”
“Thanks.  Kaitlyn and I will be inside.”
“Kat, you are not in uniform any more, and you have no license.  Use 911.  We will be right here.”
“Will do.”
Another group of people was approaching, and Kekkonen was already turned toward them.  But Kat could feel his eyes on her as she started up the gravel path to the barn.  Time to go inside and search out the seven strangers.
Their plan was simple.  Kaitlyn would stay near the door.  She would spot trouble as it entered.  Kat would work the room, dealing with problems as they made themselves evident.
Like far too many plans, this one was not going to work.  Lois and Bethany made it nearly impossible to even get into the reception.  For starters, there were all the women in black – Orwell’s Librarians.  Bethany had set up a reception line just inside the door.  Lois, Bethany, and six other women.  Fine.  Except the women in black didn’t want to move down the line.  They wanted to stand, to hug, to talk, to hug again.  They were excited.  Every OWL loved every other OWL.  So the reception line didn’t move, or, if it moved, it moved so slowly it was impossible to tell the difference.
And then there were the locals.  Nice people.  Mostly women.  But eager to talk.  And to ask questions.  And to hug.  So they moved down the reception line at the same glacial pace.  New arrivals – still before the official starting time of eight – gathered in a crowd outside the barn and talked among themselves.  They all had lots to say, and repeated much of it as people they knew joined the crowd at the door.
Kat and Bethany edged around the crowd at the door, and skimmed around behind the reception line.  But entry didn’t change much.  The barn was as crowded inside as out.  The barn had been designed for books, not receptions.  Yes, there was an open area just past the Jerusalem door and the concrete block inner wall, but much of that was taken up by two large folding tables.  People were six deep at the table offering free drinks (and locals knew the value of free).  And a table far too close by offered sandwiches.  Lois and Marie from the Amberg restaurant manned that table, and folks were backed up there too, not just because the sandwiches were free, but because Lois and Marie wanted to carry on a lengthy conversation with each of them.
So.  Crowd outside.  Crowd at the reception line.  Crowd at the refreshment tables.  Open space?  None.  Room to move?  Nearly none.  And everyone talked.  The volume was incredible.  People stood close, both because of the general crowding, but also because it was hard to hear people two feet away.  And more people kept coming in.  Kat wondered at what point book shelves would start going over as people were pressed back against them.
Kaitlyn stood with her back to the block wall, her eyes searching for problems, knowing there was almost no way she could move quickly enough or get close enough to deal with any trouble she saw.  Assuming she could see anything through the mass of people.  
Kat went in search of seven people.  She couldn’t move through the “open” area, so she moved through the book shelves.  This wasn’t much easier.  The overriding problem was the barn itself.  It was designed to get the maximum number of book shelves in the space.  The book shelf guys had done well for themselves.  A row of shelves followed every chalk line.  And the lines were close to each other, and ended close to the central entrance.  Close.  Tight.  And now filled with people who either had a drink and wanted a place to stand while they drank it, or had given up on drinks and wanted a place to stand and talk.  
And Kat needed to find seven people.  That turned out to be easy.  Two hundred people stand and talk.  Seven people stand and watch.  Guess who the outsiders are.  They were in two groups.  And they seemed to be watching each other as much as they were watching the locals.  So, Kat had spotted the hostiles.  Now for the problem.  How did she get to them?  
Kat took the back way.  Down an outside row of shelves, and then back up another row.  Not much easier.  There were people standing in those aisles too, but Kat was able to get past them with a smile and an apology.  Pretty lady coming through.  If there was one advantage to wandering through the books, when she did finally reach the first group of hostiles, she came up from behind them.
She knew this first bunch.  Two boys from this morning, plus a middle aged couple.  Parents?
“Are you still looking for the collection of Satan’s books?”  She slid up close to them, right hand at her side, close to her gun.  All four turned.  All four backed away from her.  She pressed forward.  They closed in on themselves.  The woman (mother?) who had been at the back as the four faced the reception, was now at the front as they faced Kat.  Kat ignored the others and stood directly before her.
“We have seen many books known to be blasphemous.”  She seemed uncomfortable and had backed tight against the man Kat assumed was her husband.  But she held her gaze on Kat.
“Books you would find in most libraries, banned from some.  But I’m guessing the website you worship told you there would be sacred Satanic scrolls or secrets for the overthrow of Christianity or even some altar to other gods.”
“We don’t worship websites.”  She lifted her chin as she talked.  Her husband said something similar, but Kat ignored him.  She had found where she would focus her energy.
“You know what I am talking about.  Some website told you about this place, about Bethany Evans, and about me.”
“You sleep with other women.” 
“That is true.  But let’s talk about this building.  You have looked at it.  You have been inside it.  Do you see what the website told you?”
The woman’s face changed, but she didn’t answer.  Her husband started to talk again, but Kat ignored him.
“I take it these are your sons?”  The woman nodded.  “Sent to educate or kill me.”  The woman’s face changed again, and her chin dropped some.  “Did they tell you I heard them approaching, and had a nine millimeter pointed at their heads?  If they had taken one more step towards my door, I would have killed both your sons.”
The woman looked over her shoulder at her boys.  They looked at her, then studied the floor.
“Mam, take your boys home.”  Kat reached out and touched the woman’s shoulder.  “The website lied to you.  It will lie again.  Don’t let it kill your sons.  Take your family home.”
The woman never said another word.  She looked at her sons, then turned and led them through the crowd and out of the barn.  Her husband followed behind.
The second group had been watching Kat, and was ready for her when she finally was able to push her way to them.  She was ready for them too.  They were obvious to the point of being clichés.  Thousand dollar gray suits.  Hundred dollar haircuts.  Faces tanned and moisturized.  Early to mid-forties.  Their postures and expressions told the world – we are in charge, we have always been in charge, and we will certainly still be in charge when this silly spectacle is over.  To them, she was just someone who might entertain them for a few minutes.  To Kat, well, she wasn’t very concerned.
“Evening, Gentlemen.”  The three of them were lined up with their backs to a row of book shelves.  It was hard to tell any difference between the three of them, so Kat stood in front of the middle guy, assuming he was the alpha clown.
“Good evening, Major.”  She was right.  It was the middle guy who did the talking.  “David Gross, Ted Andrews, James Banks.”  He motioned to himself, and then to the men on each side of him.  “Giddings and Watson.”  He paused there, like Kat should know what “Giddings and Watson” was.  She just stared.  He pulled a card from his pocket and handed it to her.  She took it, but continued to look him in the eyes.  She expected he would want to say more, and she was right.
“Public Relations, Government Relations, Communications Strategy.”  Big smile.  Very proud.
“K Street?”
“Far too dull.  Wisconsin Avenue.  Georgetown.  Far better restaurants.”  Very satisfied smile.  Kat was tempted to slap it off his face.
“So, three mid-level representatives, all billing by the hour.  Why send one, when you can bill for three?”
“We would have sent more if the event had been worth more.”  Still a smile, but now some iron behind it.  Good.  Kat was beginning to enjoy this.
“But still, three guys all the way from Washington.  Probably not here for Lois and Marie’s sandwiches.”
Alpha guy went on about the important work of librarians and the need to support their efforts, blah, blah, blah.  Kat tuned him out and took a good look at the card he had given her.  Just a thought.
“If I went to this website,” she interrupted him and pointed to the card he had given her.  “Would I find a list of your clients?”
“You would find a long list of very prominent companies.  We also do some work for better boutique venues.  If your business ever scaled, we might accept you as a client.”  Very happy man.  A sales pitch that also put her in her place.  He was certain he had just scored a hit.
“Would one of those prominent companies be a department store chain?”  Kat had no idea where she pulled that one from.  Somehow it just bubbled up from somewhere.
“We represent several major retailers.  We might be able to help you get an account at one of them.”  Huge smile.  He was rounding third and heading for home.  He had put her in her place and was doing it with ease.  He would joke about it on the plane.
“Risky business, don’t you think?  With all the fires they have?”  Kat watched his face as she asked the question.  All she saw was confusion.  But she saw motion from the man on his left.  A little older, a little heavier, not the guy they would send to pitch to a new client.  Not quite as slick.  Not quite as polished.  But maybe the guy who set the agenda.  As he got about two sizes larger, Kat realized who the real alpha male was.
“There is no fire risk.”  Big guy leaned toward her, pressing the other guy out of his way as he did so.  His eyes were dark.  His voice was deep, and each syllable was enunciated with care.  Too much care from Kat’s perspective.
“There used to be quite a few fires.”  Kat turned to face him.  She also moved closer.
“I think you are mistaken.”  Care, and time, was taken with each word.
“Maybe it was just the Midwest.  Ohio, Indiana.”  Big guy took a second to respond.  Kat noted that the other two seemed completely lost.  So.  A story known only to a few.  For a very good reason.
“You may want to brush up on your history.  Maybe one of the books here would help.”  He motioned off into the rows of shelves.
“There might have been such a book here once, but we loaned it out.  Some folks in Washington were interested.”  
Kat was close enough to watch his pupils dilate.  She was having fun now.  His response, when it finally came, would be fascinating.  But it never came.  Middle man might not have understood the conversation, but he understood body language.  Time to get his coworker out.
“Major Johnson, it has been fun talking with you, but we have another venue to get to.  I am sure you understand.”
“I was hoping to get a proposal for services and maybe a price quote.”
“There will be another day for you, Major.”  
He led the way out the door.  Their places along the book shelves were almost instantly filled by others in the crowd.  Kat watched them leave.  Seven outsiders met, seven outsiders gone.  Now what?  Stand.  Stand and watch.  
What was there to see?  Happy people.  This was less a reception, and more a celebration.  Drinks, sandwiches, OWLs.  Hugs and conversation.  Recon training kicked in.  She could see what was happening.  What was not happening?  What dog was not barking?  Kevin had said “a number” of groups were opposed to the book barn.  She had dealt with a family of internet morons.  Were there more morons out there?  There was no shortage of websites and Facebook pages selling “the Truth.”  But as Kat scanned the room, she didn’t see any others who looked like they were worshipping Facebook.
And hired guns?  Just over paid consultants making one more pass to ensure any old family laundry was cleaned up.  Wouldn’t want shoppers at Retail Wonderland to know grandpa burned down a bunch of stores.  Maybe the family was now into something bigger, maybe not.  Kat would have plenty of time to check later.  For the moment, they were gone.   
So what was she missing?  Who else was going to cause trouble?  No dog was barking, but that didn’t mean all the problem people had walked out the door.  She scanned the room again.  The books.  Yes, they were old, and she knew for a fact most of them smelled.  But they were special, right?  A few locals looked around, even pulled a book or two out to review, often wiping their hands after putting them back.  OWLs?  Hugs and talk.  And almost no attention to the books.  Had they done their inspection the night before?  Did they plan to do it in the days ahead?  Were they just tired of books after having spent all their days – all their career – looking at them?  Odd.  
Kat looked to Bethany and the reception line.  Still the same mob of black dresses talking and hugging, but it appeared the mob was getting closer to the tiny stage.  Kat pressed through the crowd to get closer.  If something more was going to happen, it would happen there.  
Lights began to appear on the stage.  The words “Orwell’s Librarians” was projected on a small screen, the letters shifting in color and position, alternating with their logo – a large, smiling owl.  Finally Bethany and half a dozen others stepped up onto the stage, only to have the words “Orwell’s Librarians” now projected across their faces as they had one final huddle before starting the program.  
Kaitlyn slid up next to Kat.
“Problems with that last bunch?”
“No, just consultants.”  
Kat felt like her head was on a swivel.  She got within about ten feet of the stage.  She could see most of the room from where she stood, and she could get to the stage fast enough if needed.  Her position wasn’t ideal, but it would do.  
The crowd?  A heavy concentration near the stage, and another near the food and drink tables.  But every foot of space in the barn was taken.  All were ending their conversations and turning to face the stage.  Bethany raised a hand and the crowd slowly quieted.  The projector also shut down.  Time for the show to begin.
Kat was impressed by the quality of the presentation.  Bethany had obviously done such presentations many times.  She was wearing the black silk dress she had worn for Kat a few evenings before.  For the event she had added a string of pearls and three inch heels.  Kat imagined she was seeing the Bethany that would soon be appearing in hotel ballrooms and library basements across America.  The hair, the makeup, the posture all declared confidence and expertise.  She smiled and motioned to a few people, was generous in the compliments to her supporting cast, and always, always exuded pleasure in the moment.  
And she had surprises.  A video that was professionally done.  The lights came down, and her voice – calm, assertive – explained the project.  First the troubles.  The fire.  The three SUVs.  Drama.  There were bad guys out there.  But the project had persisted.  She even had a glimpse of Lois with her shotgun, standing vigilant on their cabin porch.  But the project had moved forward.  Fast forward to the book repository being built.  Stills of it in stages of growth, then more stills of the book shelves being raised, then filled.  Kat made one image, pushing a wheelbarrow filled with books up from the cabin.  The narrative was predictable but effective.  There had been a fight, but the fight had been won.
And then came the real surprise.  An animation.  Squares of paper being numbered, linked, and then ascending to the sky.  To a cloud.  Below, smiling faces all around the globe looked up, then reached up, then pulled down a stream of papers.  They captured the stream of paper with their laptops, then sat nodding and smiling as they enjoyed the wonders of their data stream.  Happy people receiving a gift from above.  That seemed well over the top to Kat, but the people in the room applauded as the video wound down.  
Bethany finished with a one minute explanation and congratulations.
“Eight hundred and thirty seven librarians, many of them in this room tonight, scanned every volume you see in this repository.  Let’s thank them.”  She smiled at the applause.  “Dr. Lois Evans collected all the downloads, and wrote the script to insert headers and frames for the block chain she created with the help of her partners at Carnegie Mellon University.”  Another pause as she pointed to her mother.  More applause.  The crabby old lady even smiled.  Kat wondered if they would show a picture of Lois in her canoe, streaming data over Kat’s wi-fi and dodging all charges.  No canoe pictures.  Just Lois standing with some professors outside the computer science building at CMU.  “Uploads were handled with the cooperation of the Wausaukee Public Library.  Let’s thank the good people of Wausaukee.”  Kat wondered if the good people of Wausaukee understood why they had paid for an optical fiber line.  They seemed to applaud the mention of their city, whether they understood or not.
Bethany’s final comments were directed to her organization’s members, maybe the only people in the room who fully understood what she was saying.
“George Orwell warned us about the manipulation of history.  Donald Trump made the threat real to all of us.  Digitized reference collections made the manipulation possible.  But block chain storage has provided a technical response to safeguarding our records.  Orwell’s Librarians is the organization that saw the risk, found the solution, and made the solution work.  Tonight we celebrate your accomplishments.”  
More pointing to all the members in the room, more applause, more women pulled up on the tiny stage to get hugs and recognition.  It was all over in under twenty minutes.  Simple, effective, easy to take on the road.  Kat was certain the same presentation would be given ninety times, or a hundred and ninety times.  Who wouldn’t want to hear about this victory?
Kat applauded with the rest.  A success.  Smiles all around.  And then she caught an eye.  Lois.  Tiny, old Lois, just off stage, mostly hidden behind a sea of black dresses.  Huge smile.  Directed at Kat.  The wi-fi?  A bit of a gloat?  Yes, she had gotten away with stealing Kat’s wi-fi access and running up her phone bill.  Worth a smile.  A little kid smirking after getting away with a minor crime.
But.  This smile was bigger.  This was an eighty year old professor who had just walked out of the Louvre with the Mona Lisa under her arm.  The block chain?  Sure.  Something to celebrate.  Clever.  Unexpected.  Very professional.  
But.  This smile wasn’t professional.  This smile was personal.  She had pulled one over on Kat.  A big one.  Kat stood among the noise and the jostling.  And she finally figured it out.  What to do?  Lose gracefully.  She looked at Lois, bowed her head slightly, and left her to her celebration. 
Enough.  Kat slowly moved through the crowd and stepped out into the cool night air.  Kaitlyn quickly followed.
“Did you know about the block chain storage?”  She didn’t sound happy.
“No.  It’s brilliant though.”
“Yes.  Secure.  No modifications allowed.”
“That’s not what I mean.”  Kat looked back through the door.  Bethany was still on stage in the midst of endless hugs.  “She did a magic act.  She built this big barn, got everyone to look here, meanwhile she was sneaking her rabbit out of her coat and pushing it up through the big black hat.  No one saw her build her block chain collection, because they were watching her build a big green barn.  Pretty clever.”
“And us?”
“We were part of the show.  Two assets known to be connected to the NSA.  We were one more reason to pay attention to the books and the barn.  We also did a nice job of hiding the real actors.  In the end, we were just an additional diversion.”
“I almost shot a man for trying to burn down what was just a diversion.”
“But you didn’t shoot him, and nobody shot us.”  Kat wrapped an arm around Kaitlyn’s shoulders and the two of them just stood together while the women inside continued their celebration.  They were loud, they were happy, they had won.



Chapter 49
Farewells

It was about nine the next morning when Bethany and Lois drove over.  They parked right by the front door, Lois behind the wheel, Bethany knocking at the door.  Already a change – she didn’t walk right in.  Kat and Kaitlyn were still in bed.  Kat pulled a robe over her night gown.  Kaitlyn rushed to the front door wearing a yellow, baby doll night gown.  She beat Kat to the door and let Bethany in, a huge smile on her face that grew larger as Kat came to the door.  Kaitlyn moved tight against Kat, an arm around her waist.  Her smile said, “Look at me.”
“Good morning Kat.  Kaitlyn.”  Bethany stood just inside the door.  Kat went to her and wrapped her arms around her.
“You were impressive last night.  I can see why all those women follow you.”  She kissed Bethany on the cheek.
“There’s lots more librarians in lots more places.”
“I hear you are off to see them.”  Kat took a step back from Bethany.  She studied her face.
“The organization is still setting lectures up.  In fact the organization is still setting itself up.  I need to help with that.  I’ll be gone three or four months.”  The volume in her voice fell as she let out the last sentence.
“I heard.”
“You should have heard from me.  I am very sorry about that.”  It was clear from her expression, she really was sorry.  Kat just nodded.  Forgiveness.
“Your mother back to Pittsburg?”
“Yes, they have some research project for her to help with.  Turns out she is the only one who remembers one of the programming languages they want to use.”
“Is she taking her shotgun?”
“Behind the door of the cabin.  By the way, here are the keys for the cabin and the repository.”  She rummaged around in her purse and pulled out a small keychain.
“I don’t think we’ll have any trouble, now that it is all copied to the cloud.”
“It’s still a valuable collection.  I am hoping it will draw some interns next summer to help better organize the volumes.”
“See if they can also work on mildew.  Some of the books are pretty bad.”
“Agreed.”
There was a long pause as the two of them stood together.  Finally Kat lifted her left hand.  The question was obvious.
“I hope you’ll keep it.”  Bethany took Kat’s hand in hers.  “Wear it if you wish.  Put it in a drawer if you prefer.  But I would like you to have it, and to think about us when you see it.” 
“I’ll think about you plenty.  And I will be proud as I read about you.”
They hugged, there was a long kiss, a few tears, and then Lois hit the horn.  Time to go.  Kat came out onto the front porch as Bethany drove away.  Kaitlyn stood tight against her, waving good bye.  And smiling.

Kaitlyn never made it to the end of the ninety day free home trial.  The slow slide out the door began the day Bethany left.  Kat and Kaitlyn walked up to the book barn to check the locks.  They spent a few minutes inside while Kat gave some thought to taking a book or two to read.  Kaitlyn just stood in the open area and waved her hand at it all.
“This is all such a waste.”
“You mean because it has all been duplicated and block chained?”  Kat was standing at the shelf of Alex Haley’s work.  She pulled down Roots.  She thought there was a reason Kevin had put it at the top of the box.
“No, because no one cares.  People believe what they want to believe.  They pick their facts, or create their own.  Trump understood that.  So do millions of others.  All of this is a complete waste.”
“Bethany didn’t invent a cure for stupidity.  But I liked what her mother said.  Some cartoon character spelling E-N-C-Y-C-L-O-P-E-D-I-A.  And families spending their grocery money to learn.  That alone is worth preserving.”
Kaitlyn left the conversation there, but over the following weeks came back to it multiple times from multiple angles.  Kat never budged.
A few weeks passed, and November was far darker and colder than Kaitlyn had expected.  She was pretty good about weekends, and Kat appreciated her help with her guests.  But Sunday night through Thursday night the sun set just after four.  And snow began to pile up, so getting out for a run got more and more difficult.  Getting out for anything became a chore.
By mid-November, she was spending hours each evening talking with a friend back in Maryland.  By Thanksgiving, she said she wanted to go back and visit her family and friends.  Kat helped her load her car, knowing she would never see her again.

Mid-December, Kat got a surprise visitor.  Jim.  He arrived one evening, flowers in hand.  Kat met him at the door, not sure whether to laugh at him or punch him.  Finally she let him in and sat with him near the fireplace.  They shared a bottle of wine.  He did a reasonable job apologizing, and a better job explaining how much he had missed her.  Then he got to the immediately purpose of his visit.
“A year ago I invited you to the faculty New Year’s Eve party.  I wanted you to meet the other teachers.  I wanted them to meet you.  Then Dad had his heart attack.  And.  After that.  I sort of took you for granted.  My mistake.  Big mistake.  But there’s another party.  I would like you to meet some people and for them to meet you.  Any chance?”
Kat stood and held out her hand.  When he took it, she led him to her bedroom.

