
Pretty Pretty Boys
Gregory Ashe

Published by Gregory Ashe
Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2017

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Chapter 1
October 24
Monday
7am

Emery Hazard woke up in his motel room at dawn. Mostly, this was due to the light clawing in through the curtains. The curtains had probably been hung around the time of Hoover and had dissolved into a thin gray scrim. The Bridal Veil Motor Court—a dilapidated art deco motel, complete with glass block windows and a streamlined look that might have been modern a hundred years ago—didn’t offer coffee, but Hazard didn’t need any. Awareness socked him on the jaw as soon as his eyes came open, the way it had every day for the last week. Every day since he’d been booted from his job and his home and sent, like a whipped dog, to the middle of nowhere: more specifically, to Wahredua, Missouri.
And, as he had every morning for the last week, Hazard lay wide-eyed and fought his way to clear thinking. This was not a nightmare. This was not a mistake. This was today, and it was going to be the rest of his life. He got to his feet because he’d realized things were better when he was up and moving. It kept him from thinking too much. The carpet, flat and greasy underfoot, helped too. Even in his nightmares, he’d never imagined carpet this awful.
No, Hazard told himself as he padded to the window and twitched back the papery curtain, he didn’t need coffee. The day-to-day stuff, the reality of being back in Wahredua, that had more jolt behind it than a box of NoDoz. The air conditioner by his knees chugged and whirled out a half-hearted chill that smelled like the inside of a gym bag. Sunlight fell on his chest in hot, angry fingers; it was October, but it was still blazing—and sticky—in this part of the world. Between the slashes of sunlight, the glass mirrored the old scar carved just below his breastbone: three short, shiny lines that might have been a C, or the beginnings of an E or 6 or a G. Outside the window, with his view from the second story of the Bridal Veil Motor Court, Hazard saw Wahredua. It hadn’t changed. That was the first new disappointment in a week. He’d arrived last night, tired and beaten, and he’d crawled into bed with the promise that maybe, somehow, this cramped Ozark town had turned into something else overnight. But it hadn’t.
Wahredua itself was a low sprawl of brick and concrete and the occasional glimmer of steel, built on a stretch of water known—a bit grandiosely—as the Grand Rivere, and sprawled out like a three-day drunk. The MP rail lines curved on the other side of town, an iron girdle for the sagging cityscape. Missouri Pacific hadn’t run the lines in a century, but they were still called the MP lines no matter how many times they changed hands. The sparkle of glass and a swath of green boulevard marked Warhedua’s downtown, which consisted of approximately three miles of the state highway where the speed limit dropped to thirty. And there, pinned to the horizon against the backdrop of red leaves, the smokestacks of the Tegula plant still shot three white columns into the air—rigid, blocky clouds. They felt like the exclamation points at the end of a bad joke. At the end of this bad joke, Hazard thought—this bad joke of him back in Wahredua. Well, he thought. Fuck me.
He dressed for his new job: suit pants, shoulder holster, jacket. Being a detective for Wahredua PD meant—well, he wasn’t sure. What kind of work was it? Finding stolen cows? Picking up run-away kids? Running off tramps? Helping Mrs. Gorse fend off her neighbor’s chickens? St. Louis wasn’t much of a city, but it had a certain grit, a kind of rugged insistence on itself, and more importantly, it had crime. The kind of crime that had drawn Hazard to law enforcement. Assault, rape, murder. His chance to make a broken world better—even if he could only do it after something worse had already happened. Jesus Christ, Hazard thought. In Wahredua, he’d spend forty years on the force and be lucky if he did as much as give a speeding ticket.
But, Hazard thought as he pulled his black tie tight and checked himself in the mirror, he was going to do this job. He was going to do the hell out of it. He had come back here for a reason; maybe to everyone else—to Billy, to their friends, to the cops that Hazard had left behind—it looked like Hazard was crawling back home because he didn’t have any other options. But the truth was that Hazard could have gone somewhere else—a hundred other places if he’d put his mind to it. He hadn’t, though. He’d come back to Wahredua because some sort of internal clock had ticked all the way around, and both of the hands were lined up at midnight, and Hazard knew it was time. It was time to go back home, time to find answers to hard questions, time to know the truth about what had happened to Jeff Langham. And once Hazard had those answers—once the clock started ticking again, in a year or five—and once the shit settled down in St. Louis, he’d go back. Or if it didn’t settle down, there were a lot of places he could go. Chicago. New York. LA. Hell, they needed cops in San Francisco, right? And Billy loved San Francisco. But first, Emery Hazard was going to find the truth about that night when Jeff Langham had put a pistol in his mouth.
As though on cue, Hazard’s cell phone rang, interrupting his thoughts, and Billy’s name flashed on the screen.
“You’re up early,” Hazard said.
“I can’t sleep without you. The bed’s cold.”
“Bullshit. You’ve been up all night. You never went to bed after the show.”
Billy laughed. “Maybe. But the bed is cold.”
“How’d it go?”
“It was a smash.”
“Of course it was.”
“Hey, Tom’s getting everyone together for breakfast, so I’ve got to run in a minute. I wanted to wish you good luck.”
“Thanks.”
“Have they tried burning you at the stake already?”
“No angry villagers yet.”
“Geez,” Billy said, “what’s a faggot got to do to get himself killed?”
“Probably just show up for work.”
“I was kidding. They’re going to love you. You’ll turn that cow-town upside down. A big-city detective with a string of awesome cases—you’ll have them eating out of your hand.”
“That’s the stupidest fucking thing I’ve heard today.”
“Well, it’s still early. Em, they really are going to love you. Times are different. You’re different.” 
“Yeah. You’d better go.”
“Tom can wait. You sound upset, and you—”
“Tom will be drunk off his ass on mimosas if you don’t hurry.”
Billy sighed, and the sound was so familiar, so irritating and, at the same time, oddly comforting—a small piece of the life Hazard had left behind, albeit one that made him want to grind his teeth.
“I’ll be down in a couple weeks, as soon as the show closes. You’ll be settled. You can show me all your favorite childhood places. Introduce your colleagues to your gay-wad boyfriend. It’s going to be great.” Billy’s voice muffled as he spoke to someone nearby, and then it came back. “Tom says hi.”
Hazard grunted; he didn’t have any favorite childhood places. His favorite place in Wahredua had always been the state highway out of town. He had a feeling that wasn’t going to change anytime soon.
“Tell Tom I don’t appreciate him taking my boyfriend out to breakfast.”
Billy just laughed. “Text me and let me know how it goes. Even if it’s a complete trainwreck. Especially if it’s a complete trainwreck.”
“I wasn’t joking about Tom. Tell him to back off.”
With another of his dramatic sighs, Billy said, “Bye, Em.” The call disconnected, and Hazard was left staring at the phone’s blank screen. Tom-fucking-Gerard. He’d already started, and Hazard hadn’t been gone for a week. Ladies and gentlemen, some respect for the dead, please.
Hazard gave his tie one last jerk to straighten it and left the motor court. He got coffee at the local Casey’s. Wahredua, as far as Hazard remembered, didn’t have a Starbucks. It had a bakery, and it had been a good one, but the bakery had belonged to Bab Grames, mother of Michael Grames, the biggest bully in Wahredua from third to twelfth grade—and, for all Hazard knew, into the present. He didn’t look forward to crossing paths with Grames or with anyone else from that part of his life; the Casey’s convenience store seemed like a safer bet.
Except, of course, that it wasn’t, because Michael Grames was working the cash register. Hazard’s instincts kept him moving; he’d survived this long by being able to shrug off surprise, by being able to walk and talk and act like everything was normal even when someone had just dumped a bucket of shit onto the table. That’s what this felt like, a steaming bucketful slopped right in front of Hazard—but he kept moving, past the register with its racks of Juicy Fruit and Orbit and Sour Patch Kids, past the plastic-sealed stands of Marlboro and Virginia Slims and Lucky Strikes, past the Slushee machines—Coke, Cherry, and something called Hawaii Explosion—until he reached the coffee. God, he really needed coffee.
He snagged two donuts from the case and then he couldn’t put it off any longer: he had to look at Mikey Grames. It had been fifteen years since Hazard had seen Grames, and it looked like Grames had spent those fifteen years sliding down the gravelly slope of hard alcohol, hard drugs, and probably hard women. It had chewed his ass to pulp. Grames’s eyes were bloodshot and baggy, his face had that sallow puffiness Hazard associated with alcoholics, and his hands trembled as he rang up the coffee and donuts. 
It was still Mikey, though. Christ, his name tag even said Mikey. But it was his face that had shocked Hazard like he’d grabbed a live wire that ran back fifteen years. Even under the unhealthy flush and the pocked, scarred skin, it was still the face of a man who got off on being nasty—and the nastier the better. It took everything in Hazard not to reach up and brush the scar on his chest. Three short, shiny lines that were the start of a G—G for Grames. Mikey Grames’s cronies—back then, it had been Hugo Perry and John-Henry Somerset—had held Hazard’s arms while Grames carved those lines with a Swiss Army knife. Then Hugo Perry had gone all cottage cheese, his face white and lumpy, and he’d broke and run, and that had spoiled the game for Grames and Somerset, and they’d left Hazard bleeding and shirtless at the edge of the clay pits. And that hadn’t been all of it. That had only been the start. That summer, when they’d really got going, when they’d gone after Jeff—
“Three-seventy-nine,” Grames said with a cursory glance at Hazard.
Hazard threw a five on the counter, grabbed his coffee and the donuts, and started for the door.
“Hey, mister—”
Jeff Langham. Hazard felt like he was vibrating, buzzing from trying to trap something inside. He didn’t look back. He was aware that he was gripping the coffee too tightly, aware that the lid was about to pop off and spray scalding coffee everywhere, aware that he’d already pinched one of the donuts in half. But all of that was happening second-hand. What was happening first-hand was that dull, cheap Swiss Army knife digging into his skin. What was happening first-hand was the unmistakable desire to go back into the Casey’s and crack Mikey Grimes’s head open. Just crack it open. Bang, bang, bang on the edge of that laminate countertop until the skull split. It’d be like dropping a ripe cantaloupe. Easy—
The lid slipped, and hot coffee sloshed over his hand. Swearing, Hazard set the cup and the donuts on top of his car, shaking out his hand and spraying drops of coffee across the crisp, blue check shirt Billy had bought him before he left. Screw this, Hazard wanted to say. Screw it. He could be a security guard. Hell, he could go back to school. Be a lawyer, a doctor, be whatever the hell he wanted. He could be anything anywhere—and he wouldn’t have to be trapped in the middle of nowhere.
Stubbornness, though, made him cap the coffee and climb into the car. He ate the fragmented donut first. He was a detective. He was a goddamn good detective. And he wasn’t going to throw it all away because things had gone sideways. He was going to stick it out. He was going to do his time. And when the shit had settled, he was going to get out there, get a real job. San Francisco. Billy loved the hell out of San Francisco, and he could get into real theater, not the two-bit stuff in St. Louis.
And, Hazard thought, savagely chewing the last of the second donut, while he was in Wahredua, he was going to make the most of his time. Hazard’s hand drifted to the blue check shirt, tracing those short, sharp lines on his chest. While he was here, he was going to catch up with some old friends. It wasn’t really any surprise that Grames had drifted into a dead-end life of drugs and alcohol. What had happened to Hugo Perry and John-Henry Somerset? Probably the same. Worse, Hazard hoped. Grames had carved up Hazard’s chest. John-Henry Somerset had named him faggot in front of the whole school. Yeah, Hazard hoped a hell of a lot worse had happened to John-Henry.
The Wahredua PD occupied a building that had originally been a Catholic school. The structure had the grim severity associated with those kinds of schools in the public mind: sharp lines of red brick with cramped windows and dark glass. When the city had taken over the building, it had removed as much of the religious iconography as it could: carved angels and saints and gargoyles had been torn down. Hazard remembered; he’d been maybe twelve when it happened, and he’d watched the workmen hammering and chiseling and smashing with no regard for the artisanry they were destroying. 
All of that had ended, though, when Mary Wilke—the only woman on the entire crew—had fallen from the scaffolding and broken her ankle. The city had decided that enough was enough, and the spurt of iconoclasm stopped early. The decorative stonework above the door still held a bedraggled angel, who had lost half of his face to a chisel, and a devil. The angel was trying to spear the devil, but in the demolition, the spear had been broken, and now it just looked like the angel was pointing at the devil with a yardstick. The devil was having a hell of a laugh about the situation, and the whole thing seemed pretty damn fitting for Wahredua PD. Even God knew they were a joke.
Hazard parked at the back of the lot, away from the row of shiny Chevy Impalas that looked freshly painted with the Wahredua PD design, and chugged the last of his coffee. It was going to be rough. No, it was going to be a bitch. But he had to go in there. The first day was going to be the worst, and then it would get better. It had to get better.
When he entered the station, a blast of cool air met him. The building smelled like fresh linoleum, a rubbery kind of smell, and coffee and an institutional, office-like smell that made Hazard think of freshly sharpened pencils. Graphite, that’s what it was. He stood in a small waiting area where a duty officer sat behind a desk.
“Can I help you?” The man had to have been almost eighty, and he had nose hairs growing down to his chin. He must have been on the force when Hazard was a boy, but Hazard didn’t remember him. His badge looked like someone had dug it out of the Ark of the Covenant—probably from somewhere near the bottom—and it read J. Murray.
“Emery Hazard. I’m new, starting today.”
The old man’s head bobbled, sending his nose hairs trembling, and then he jerked a thumb. “Straight back, chief’s office. She’s waiting for you.”
Hazard nodded and made his way along the hallway. He passed the bullpen, where classrooms had been knocked down to create a large, open workspace. At least a dozen desks filled the space, and copiers and fax machines and filing cabinets had been jammed into any remaining available space. A handful of men and women in uniform worked quietly; the rest, Hazard guessed, were either off duty or out on patrol.
The chief’s office was clearly marked at the back of the bullpen, with Martha Cravens, Chief of Police printed in block letters across the glass. The office, though, had once served another purpose; on the frame above the door, relatively lighter wood showed where painted letters had once stood, and Hazard could read what they had once said: Mother Superior. That probably wasn’t far from the truth.
After his knock, a voice called for him to enter. Hazard stepped into the spacious office. His eyes took in the large, glass-topped desk, the modern computer equipment, the city map on the wall with red and blue push-pins, and the woman behind the desk. Martha Cravens had been a familiar figure in Hazard’s boyhood, the only woman on Wahredua’s police force. But it wasn’t Martha Cravens who occupied Hazard’s attention. For the second time that day, he grabbed onto that live wire from the past, but this time he was galvanized, unable to move or blink or breathe.
Sitting in front of Cravens’s desk, he was blond and well-built and very, very good-looking. The kind of good-looking that stops traffic for about a mile in every direction. His blue eyes crinkled with amusement, and he grinned as he rose, stretching out a hand. Hazard couldn’t move, couldn’t blink, couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t have grabbed that man’s hand if the earth dropped out from under him. He could barely hear Cravens talking.
“. . . happy to have you, Mr. Hazard. And this is your new partner. You went to school together, I think. Do you remember—”
“John-Henry,” Hazard managed to say. John-Henry Somerset who had pushed him down the only flight of stairs in Wahredua High and said that’s what faggots get.
John-Henry’s smile wavered, as though he had glimpsed something uncertain in Hazard’s expression, but then it firmed up again. He lunged forward, seizing Hazard’s hand and shaking it vigorously, like they were buddies in a 1950s sitcom, buddies catching up after a long time apart.
“Hey, Emery. Great to see you again, man.”

Chapter 2
October 24
Monday
8:03am

John-Henry Somerset, who had gone by Somers since his first day at Mizzou, gave Emery Hazard’s hand one last shake. Somers waited for something—a smile, a nod, a blink. Hazard looked like he’d swallowed a frog, or maybe a stick of dynamite. He was breathing funny, and his face had gone pale and shiny. Somers was starting to think that Hazard was having a stroke.
“You all right?” Somers said.
With a curious shake of his head that might have meant either no or yes, Hazard pulled back from Somers’s grip and turned his attention to Cravens. Somers settled back into his chair to watch; you could learn a lot just by watching, and so he paid attention to Hazard as Cravens went through introductions.
Hazard had changed. That was the understatement of the year—maybe of the decade. Gone was the scrawny boy with a mop of dark hair always falling into his eyes. That boy, the boy Somers had gone to high school with, the boy with the scarecrow build and scarecrow eyes, had disappeared into someone who was . . . stacked. That was the only way to put it. Emery Hazard was a beast. The blue check shirt—with coffee stains, had he been nervous? or just in a hurry?—strained to cover his shoulders and revealed massive arms. His dark hair no longer fell into his eyes; it was long, especially for a police officer, but still in a conservative cut and part. The eyes, though—the eyes were still scarecrow eyes. The color of straw at the end of summer, almost the color of honey, but hard. Hard like they could crack the universe if it swung a little too close.
And Hazard wasn’t looking at Somers. It wasn’t that his attention was fixed on Cravens. Somers wasn’t even sure if Hazard could hear Cravens. Hazard wasn’t looking at Somers, actively not looking at him, and Somers had the feeling that he could douse himself in gasoline and jump through a ring of fire and Hazard would just keep staring at Cravens with that painfully fixed expression that showed just how hard he was trying not to look at Somers.
Jesus, Somers wanted to say, was it really that bad?
Somers hadn’t forgotten high school. He hadn’t forgotten filling Hazard’s locker with shaving cream, he hadn’t forgotten teepeeing his house, he hadn’t forgotten stealing Hazard’s books and dumping them into the Grand. He hadn’t forgotten, for goddamn sure, the day he’d held Hazard’s arm while Hugo held the other and Mikey Grames, the twisted fuck, sliced up Hazard’s chest. Somers hadn’t forgotten his encounter with Hazard backstage after Guys and Dolls, and he hadn’t forgotten shoving Hazard down the steps and saying, “Just wanted to see if a faggot’s neck could break like anybody else’s.”
Somers knew his face was heating; it came with his fair skin. He hadn’t forgotten any of it, not any of the shit he’d pulled. But when he’d learned that Emery Hazard was going to be his partner, Somers had hoped—hoped against hope—that Hazard might have forgotten a little. Judging by how rigidly Hazard stood, by his pallor, by the way he looked at Cravens like she was the only person in the room, Hazard hadn’t forgotten anything either.
It was going to be a long, hard climb out of that shit, Somers decided. But he was going to do it. Somehow, he could do it.
“That’s all you need to hear from me,” Cravens said. She was good like that, didn’t carry on, didn’t get too puffed up with the job. “Somers here has offered to show you around the station, and then you boys have work to do.”
At Somers’s name, Hazard’s eyes flicked towards him. The gesture was involuntary, Somers could tell; Hazard snapped them back towards Craven as fast as he could. But Somers had seen what he’d expected to see: hate, fury, and loathing. All right, Somers said to himself. It felt like the mental equivalent of rolling his shoulders like a boxer warming up. All right, I deserve that.
“Who?” Hazard said.
Cravens, already sinking into the chair behind the glass desktop, glanced up as though surprised they were still here.
“Who is going to show me around?” Hazard repeated. His voice had firmed up: brusque and neutral, but intense, like the gauges were swinging to red and the pressure was building.
“Somers,” Cravens repeated, obviously confused, and pointing with her hand across the desk. “I thought you two—”
“Yeah,” Somers said, springing to his feet and giving a jerk of his head towards the door. “I went by John-Henry back then. A real mouthful. Now it’s just Somers. Come on.”
Hazard gaze moved from Cravens to the middle ground, never quite reaching Somers face. Then Hazard gave a nod, and Somers ushered him out of the office. The bullpen had emptied, thank God, except for two uniformed officers.
“That’s Miranda Carmicheal,” Somers said, nodding at one. “She issues about half the monthly speeding tickets single-handedly and every time you look, she’ll be busy with a stack of paperwork. That,” he nodded at the other, who reclined behind a newspaper with his feet on the desk, “that’s George Orear, who’s in charge of the fleet, at least on paper. Gets here about eight in the morning, leaves at five, and he only moves from that desk when he has to go to the can.”
Hazard’s lip curled, but he said nothing.
“So this is the bullpen, obviously. Those four desks in that corner, those are ours. The detectives: you, me, Swinney, Lender. Upchurch is using his vacation time, and I don’t think he’s cleared out his desk yet, but we’ll get you sorted.”
Still nothing from Hazard.
“Car’s already got everything we’ll need—Upchurch and I kept everything spic-and-span. You want to stop by requisitions and pick up anything?”
Hazard shook his head.
“I’ll show you the place, then, and we’ll get going.”
Somers waited and, when no response came, turned and led the way deeper into the station. The silence was weighing on him, and he found himself speaking to break the silence. “So, Orear—you know, that guy back there—Orear’s an interesting case. In 2003, Chas Elder accused him of assaulting him during a traffic stop. Never mind that Chas Elder weighed three hundred pounds and stood twelve inches taller than Orear. You know Chas?”
More of that goddamn silence. It was like quicksand; Somers felt himself sinking in it.
“Anyway, they stripped Orear of his gun and badge and left to petrify in the fleet. Turns out, Chas threw a punch—he’s a big guy, right, and one time, swear to God, I saw him pound a pumpkin into jelly, just a couple of hard hits. Anyway, Orear got cleared, but the worst part was, even after the whole mess shook out, Orear stayed right where he was. Said he had corns on his feet or some shit like that. I mean, my feet hurt at the end of the day, but I’d rather be out hitting pavement than buried alive, right?”
“You want to talk about my fucking feet?”
“What? God, no. I just meant—Orear, he’s like, an example. How this stuff can wear you down.”
But Hazard had lapsed back into silence, and Somers knew his own face had to be cherry colored by that point. He pointed out the can, the locker rooms, requisitions, evidence, and the jail at the back of the building. “Three suites,” Somers said. The words just kept pouring out of him, and he knew he needed to stop, but he couldn’t. “We’ve usually only got drunks in here; a couple of them like it better than home. Can’t say I blame them, sometimes. Guy just needs some peace and quiet, right?”
“You done?”
“Uh. Yeah.”
“What do you and Upchurch have?”
“Cases, you mean?” Somers tried for a grin. “Oh, you know, big stuff. Mafia crime bosses, sleeper-cell terrorists, general murder and mayhem. Hey, wait, where are you going?” He caught at Hazard’s sleeve as the other man turned.
Hazard knocked Somer’s hand away. “What the hell did you tell Cravens?”
“What? Nothing.”
“She kept talking about us like we were . . .” He seemed to be searching for a word and it wouldn’t come. “Buddies,” Hazard finally managed. “I’m going to put the record straight. I’ll work with Swinney or Lender, but I’m not—”
“Jesus, don’t do that.” Somers scrambled to plant himself in Hazard’s way, and for a moment he didn’t think Hazard would stop. “All right, I told her we were friends. Back in the day, I mean. I told her we lost touch, and I—”
“Why?”
“Look, I—”
“What the fuck do you want from me?”
“Nothing. I just—”
“Get out of my way. I’m done with this.”
As Hazard barged past, Somers managed to say, “It’s the case.”
Hazard froze and turned. “What?”
“It’s this case. Well, it’s a lot of things. I feel really shitty about how I treated you in high school, and I wanted to make things right.”
Hazard said nothing, only watching with those scarecrow eyes.
“I know I was a dick, but I was a kid, and I was—look, I was an absolute idiot, all right? And anyway, I read your application and I know all about the kind of stuff you did in St. Louis. You’re the real deal. I want to work with the real deal. Upchurch is fine, but he’s—I don’t know, you’ll see. He’s Upchurch.”
Shaking his head in disgust, Hazard started to turn once more.
“Swinney and Lender only do drugs.” Hazard froze, his back still turned to Somers, and after a moment Somers continued, “Meth cases, mostly, although there’s other stuff. But it’s boring; it’s the same old thing over and over again. Upchurch and I—you and I—we get everything else. Homicide, kidnapping, rape, everything. And you’re the real deal like I said, and—”
“This case?”
“Yeah. It’s—so, the department’s had some trouble lately. PR stuff, mostly, nothing legitimate, but that kind of a bad rep can stick for a long time, and Cravens’s job is on the line.”
Slowly, Hazard turned. Those burnt-straw eyes latched onto Somers, and again Somers had the impression that this man was running at full steam, that the gauges were deep in the red, and one wrong word could make everything blow. “What kind of PR trouble?”
“The LGBT community.”
A ripple of something—Somers couldn’t say exactly what, but it looked murderous—passed through Hazard’s face and then was gone, leaving the same look of brutal intensity. A soft chuckle, at odds with that look, escaped from Hazard’s mouth, but it wasn’t a happy sound. “So. I’m a PR hire.”
“I wanted—”
“Shut up.” Hazard seemed to think for a minute and then he said, “What’re we doing? With the case, I mean.”
“We’ve got an interview this morning.”
“Let’s go. I’m already sick of this shithole. And on the way, you’re going to tell me every fucking word between you and Cravens. Right?”
Somers swallowed. “Right.”
He had the feeling that climbing out of this was going to be a lot harder than he’d expected.

Chapter 3
October 24
Monday
9:12am

They drove in a tan Impala with cloth seats and a pine-scented air freshener glued to the central vent. Neither man spoke, and Hazard took advantage of the silence to reorient himself. He’d lost his cool as soon as Somers had opened his mouth. No, it was worse than that. He’d lost control. It was like he’d been outside his head, watching, unable to stop as he got angrier and angrier. Every word Somers had said had been like dumping gasoline on a house fire.
And it didn’t help that Somers was so breezy. Everything he did and said came off cool, collected, composed, like he didn’t have a fuck to give for anything or anyone. In spite of his determination not to look, Hazard studied the man. John-Henry Somerset hadn’t changed. Sure, his blond hair was shorter and crisply styled, and he’d added on a few inches of lean muscle. But the major things hadn’t changed. He still had his preppy good looks: his smooth, golden tan, his eyes like tide pools, jaw cut sharp as a straight razor. He still had that way of walking, his shoulders back and his head up, like he owned this city and the next one over and he expected everyone to know it. Perfect—the word popped into Hazard’s head. John-Henry was still so goddamn perfect.
Somers shifted, as though sensing Hazard’s gaze, and adjusted his grip on the steering wheel. His cuff slid back, exposing a stretch of darkly-inked skin. Well, Hazard thought. That was very interesting. The golden boy had a tattoo; maybe John-Henry had changed a little.
“The guy we’re going to see, he’s a college student. His name is Rosendo, I think. I’ve got it written down. He reported vandalism this morning, and a patrol car went past. They passed it up to us.”
“Because it has to do with what? This PR crap?”
With a small shrug, Somers said, “Kind of. There’s been a lot of this going around.”
“Vandalism? That’s what we deal with?”
“This is about the most interesting thing we’ve had all year. And it’s not just vandalism. It’s a hate crime or the next thing to it. LGBT community is getting targeted for the most part, although it spills over.”
“And I’m the band-aid?”
“That’s not what I meant.”
“The fuck it isn’t. What were they going to do? Hire me, parade me around town, show everybody they were a progressive department and then—what? Shove me in a corner to do paperwork?”
Somers didn’t answer.
After a moment, Hazard laughed. “The LGBT community, huh? What? You guys finally have enough queers around here to throw a stick at? Guess things change.”
“They—there’s always been a community here. You know, because of the college. But you’re right: things have changed.”
The way Somers said it, with that earnest tone and Boy Scout look, made it clear what he meant: he meant that he’d changed, that Wahredua had changed, that the world had changed. That was a nice dish of bull crap, as far as Hazard was concerned.
“Wroxall?” Hazard said. “That’s like two classrooms and a cafeteria.”
“Maybe twenty years ago. They’ve grown. A lot. Enrollment is around fifteen thousand.”
“Fifteen thousand? You’re joking.”
“No. And Wahredua had to grow too. The city’s pushing ninety thousand. We’re officially a city, you know, not a town anymore. And the college has brought the blue vote. All the old hippies, organic farmers, musicians, deadheads. It’s different.”
Hazard grunted; he’d believe it when he saw it. “Tell me about Cravens.”
“She’s decent. She’s a politician, but only because that’s her job. She’ll stick by you, for the most part. She bakes some good cupcakes and brings them on Fridays.”
“What’d you have to say to get her to hire me?”
“She wanted to hire you. I didn’t have to say anything.”
“What’d you say?”
“She thought you’d be good as the department’s face. You know: brooding detective, great shoulders, killer ass. You could—”
Hazard felt that same old house-fire burning deep inside him. “What’d you say?”
“It was just a joke. C’mon, lighten up.”
“Jesus, you really are the same, aren’t you? All right. Let’s get it all out on the table. Yeah, I’m gay. I like to fuck guys. Is that clear?”
Somers was shaking his head, his eyes fixed on the road.
“I asked you a question.”
“Yeah.”
“All right. You think it’s funny or weird or gross. Fine. You want to give me shit about it. Fine. You want to make my life hell. Fine. I’m not the kid you used to push around. I’ve done this whole pony show before. If you think you’ve got something that the guys in St. Louis didn’t already try, you’ve got another thing coming. It didn’t work for them, and it sure as hell isn’t going to work for you. I’m not going—”
“Jesus Christ,” Somers growled, his cool snapping for the first time since Hazard had seen him. Somers jerked the wheel to the right, and the tires rumbled against the curb. They pulled to the end of the block, and Somers unbuckled his seatbelt. “Get out of the car. Right now.”
Without waiting for a reply, Somers kicked his door open and walked to the sidewalk.
Hazard only hesitated a moment. He had his .38, and if it came to that, he wouldn’t hesitate to put a bullet in John-Henry’s perfect golden tan. But the best odds were that Somers was going to try to slug him. Somers was right-handed. He had muscle, but lean, more like a runner—he didn’t have Hazard’s bulk. Hazard knew the drill. He’d move into the punch, take it on his shoulder or arm instead of on his jaw, and then he’d land one that would knock Somers out of the county.
When Hazard got to the sidewalk, though, Somers just shrugged out of his jacket, folded it, and held it out to Hazard.
Hazard stared at the coat and raised an eyebrow.
“Hold it for me,” Somers insisted. “And then why don’t you break my jaw or my nose or whatever the fuck you’re determined to do, and then we can get on with our day.”
Hazard hesitated again. Was this a fake-out? Would he swing as soon as Hazard reached for the jacket?
“For God’s sake,” Somers grumbled. He tossed the jacket on the ground and took a step forward, tilting his head back and presenting his jaw. “I fucked up in high school. I get it. This is your chance.”
“Yeah, and get myself out of a job on the first day. I’m not that stupid.”
“You want to record me? You want this taped? I’ll say whatever you want me to say. You’ve got my permission to take off my fucking head, so go on and do it. I fucked up, so let’s make it right.”
The heat of the day, even this early, prickled on Hazard’s neck; sweat dampened his armpits and the small of his back. Somehow, again, Somers had thrown him off balance, and Hazard couldn’t seem to get his feet planted.
Somers took another step forward. They were close enough now that Hazard could feel the heat pouring off Somers, could smell the clean scent of Somers’s deodorant, could see the nearly invisible blond stubble on Somers’s jaw.
“Are you going to do it or not? Either you hit me right now, as hard as you want, as much as you want, and you get it out of your fucking system, or you drop the chip from your shoulder and we go do this interview. I don’t know about you, but I want to do my job.”
“Fuck you.”
Somers waited a full minute, his eyes still locked with Hazard’s, before Hazard finally looked away. Somers grunted and got back into the Impala. After a moment, Hazard followed. Then he stopped, turned back, and gathered the fallen jacket. He dusted it off and climbed into the passenger seat. Wordlessly, he shoved the jacket at Somers.
“Thanks.”
“Let’s get one thing straight,” Hazard said, his eyes on the dashboard. “I’ll work with you. I’m your partner. I’ve got your back, as far as that goes, and you can count on me when it comes to the job. But if you think I’m going to forgive and forget because you’ve gone to college and you think you’re open-minded now and can crack jokes with your faggot partner, you’re wrong. I know you. I know the special kind of piece of shit you are. Even if nobody else knows, even if you’ve got them all fooled, I know.” Hazard tapped his chest where the three shiny lines still marked him, but inside, he was thinking about what Mikey Grames and Hugo Perry and John-Henry Somerset had done to Jeff, that summer when they’d cut up Hazard’s chest, what they’d done to Jeff when they’d really gotten going. “You made sure I’d never forget.”
Somers paled as he took the jacket. He held it awkwardly, as though unsure of what to do with it, and then dropped it in his lap. He fumbled the key in the ignition, started the car, and then, his face pitched towards the floorboards, said, “I know I fucked up. But I am different. All I’m saying is give me a chance.”
Hazard didn’t answer; he’d said everything he needed to say.
Struggle showed in Somers’s face, and as he shifted the car into gear, he blurted, “And I wasn’t cracking jokes or trying to be funny. You do have a killer ass. So fuck you.”
And that, Hazard decided as they pulled away from the curb, made it official: the whole world had gone batshit.

Chapter 4
October 24
Monday
9:45am

It could have gone worse, Somers told himself for the hundredth time as they drove. It could have gone so much worse. The problem was, though, that he wasn’t sure exactly how it could have gone worse. It would have been a relief, in some ways, if Hazard had hit him. It would have—
—made up for it—
—gotten some of the hostility out in the open. But Hazard hadn’t hit him; once again, Hazard had defied Somers’s expectations. And that just made Somers feel worse.
And why the hell, Somers asked himself, did you tell him he had a killer ass?
Now, Hazard brooded, staring out the window as they drove and refusing to respond to any of Somers’s attempts at conversation. Somers didn’t blame him. It had hit him, again, when Hazard had tapped his chest—the scar that Grames had left, that stupid scar, and Somers had been there, had held Hazard’s arm. Jesus, Somers asked himself, why were you such a little shit back then?
Jesus didn’t offer any special insight on that question, so Somers settled for staring out the windshield and trying to navigate to their destination. The city of Wahredua had been built in stages: first, there had been the section of town along the river, when river traffic had been steady. Then, just as trade along the Grand Rivere began to die, the MP lines had come through. Wahredua had stretched north to meet the lines. Although rail traffic had been steady, Wahredua had stagnated until two decades earlier. Somers and Hazard had been in high school together when one of Wroxall College’s most successful alumni—a self-described tuna baron with a reputation for decimating marine populations—endowed the school with several hundred million dollars. Almost overnight, Wroxall became the dominant political force in Wahredua, and its power only grew as the school rose in rankings and attracted brighter and better—and more—students from across the world.
Wahredua had changed with Wroxall, although, Somers thought, Hazard didn’t seem to see it. The new section of Wahredua, where they were driving now, had grown up to accommodate the growing college. There were pho shops and Indian buffets and kebab stands, built alongside pubs and pizza places and Subway sandwich shops. The whole world had come to Wahredua, and they’d brought the world with them. Twenty years ago, when Hazard and Somers had been in high school, Wahredua might have been a backwater town—provincial, small-minded, and with all the accompanying evils. Even if Hazard didn’t see it, though, Somers knew that Wahredua had changed. And he was glad it had changed for the better.
Unlike the brick buildings that populated the stretch of town along the river, or the mixture of fieldstone and aging timber that ran north to meet the MP lines, this portion of Wahredua was a mixture of styles and materials: glass, industrial woods and metals, cement, stucco, stone—a conglomerate of twenty-first century styles. The streets were wider, and everything was laid out in neat, urban blocks, complete with apartment buildings and green spaces and parking garages. Somebody could have plucked up this part of Wahredua and set it down in Chicago—near Wicker Park, maybe—and nobody would have noticed the difference.
“What’s that?” Hazard asked, sniffing.
Somers took a breath; the air held a rich, buttery aroma. “Kolache.”
“What?”
“Kolache.” At Hazard’s uncomprehending look, Somers nodded at the bakery they were passing. “It’s a pastry. They put meat in them, or fruit. Lots of stuff. You want one?”
Hazard ignored the question.
“Did you get breakfast? Where are you staying?”
Apparently, Hazard decided one of these questions was worth answering because he said, “The motor court.”
It took Somers a moment to realize what he meant. “Bridal Veil? Holy hell, that place is like, a hundred years old. You’re lucky it didn’t fall down while you were sleeping.”
“It’s fine.”
“It’s got bedbugs. Or lice. Or God only knows what. You can’t stay there.”
“I already am staying there, so I guess I can.”
“Listen, I’ve got an extra bedroom. You can stay there until you find a place. What are you looking for? This part of town’s got a lot of life. There are clubs, bars, great places to eat.” Somers glanced at Hazard. “You seem like you might want some peace and quiet, though. I’m down on the riverfront. One of the old warehouses. They converted some of them into lofts about ten years back. I could ask if they’ve got any units available.”
“No.”
“No what? No, you don’t want me to ask? Or no, you don’t need a place to stay?”
“Just no. This isn’t work. You want to talk, we talk about work.”
Somers fought the urge to run a hand through his hair and, just maybe, growl in frustration. “We’re partners. We’ve got to know each other.”
“We do. We know each other real goddamn well.”
Somers ignored the comment and pressed on. “Like, are you dating someone? Are you married? Do you have kids? Me, I’m—”
“I don’t care. If it’s not work, I don’t want to hear it.”
This time Somers did growl. Just a little. Just for a moment.
“All right,” he said. “Yeah. Work.”
“You started telling me about this case. There’s been vandalism against gays?”
“Yeah. Pretty big gay community, especially considering the size and location of the town. Really close-knit, pretty tight connections to the university.”
“And the university is the elephant in the room,” Hazard said. “So the university gets mad—”
“And everybody starts hopping pretty fast to try to make them happy.”
“Cravens hires me because it looks good.”
“Upchurch had already decided to take the state job, and you were by far the most qualified person to apply.” Somers paused. “Why did you apply here anyway? You could have gone anywhere.”
Hazard ignored him.
“That’s a work question. If we’re going to work together, I deserve an answer.”
“I—” Hazard stopped, obviously changing what he’d been about to say. “I didn’t really have a choice.”
“Why not?”
“Some shit went down in the department. Politics, I guess you could call it. The captain knew Cravens and knew they were going to have an opening. He told me I could either pack it in and go home, or—”
“Or what?”
“Or I could spend the rest of my life shuffling papers.”
“What happened?”
“Like I said: politics.”
That wasn’t an answer, but Somers knew better than to press it. At least, not at the moment.
“So the case?” Hazard said.
“Yeah, university’s been putting the screws to Cravens to find out who’s behind the vandalism, etc. It’s been quiet for a while, so this is getting a lot of attention.”
“What kind of vandalism?”
“Broken windows, slashed tires. Somebody threw a homemade Molotov cocktail at one woman’s house. It didn’t go off, it just burned, and the guys who showed up managed to keep it quiet. Most people think it was just a bag of burning dog shit or something like that.”
“A Molotov cocktail? That sounds like a hell of a lot more than vandalism.”
“Yeah. A couple of women were attacked outside a club a few weeks ago. White guy, late thirties early forties, grabbed one of them by the hair and slammed her into a brick wall. Then he told the other girl he was going to show her what, ‘all you dykes are missing out on.’ He tried to rape her, but the girl got away.”
“You find him?”
“Neither woman could describe him beyond that, and there’s a lot of people that fit that description.”
“Sounds like one of those lunatics. The militia-type. They still around here?”
Somers nodded, signaling as he turned onto a small, quiet side street. “The Ozark Volunteers. You remember them?”
“Hard to forget when they come through town with a sign that says God Hates Fags and you’re the only gay boy for a hundred miles in any direction.”
“They still do that. Did it a few weeks ago.”
“A few weeks ago?”
Somers nodded. “Right when this was all starting.”
The Ozark Volunteers—or, by their full name, The Supreme Justification of God in the Ozark Citizen Volunteers—had given every decent person in Dore County a pain in the ass for the last forty years. They weren’t directly related to the KKK or the Montana Militia or a crazy fundamentalist church, but they shared elements with all of them. They lived, for the most part, in the unincorporated parts of Dore County, outside of Wahredua’s limits, and they spent their free time drinking beer, shooting the bottles, and either cooking meth or using it, as the situation demanded.
In the last few months, the Ozark Volunteers had found new leadership—radicalized, militant leadership that had taken the Volunteers out of the sticks and into the heart of Wahredua, where they staged public marches and demonstrations against fags, liberals, atheists, whores, and anything or anyone else that put an itch in their garters.
“Did they scare you?” Somers asked, the question leaving his mouth before he could stop it. “The Volunteers, when you were a kid?”
The car rolled to a stop in front of a row of taupe-colored townhouses. Hazard snorted, and for a moment, Somers thought he would ignore the question. Then Hazard answered, tipping his head towards the townhouse ahead of them.
“Scared the shit out of me.”
It was the first thing Hazard had said that didn’t carry underlying rage; it sounded, to Somers’s surprise, almost vulnerable.
Then, in a hard voice, Hazard said, “You got me.”
“What?”
“I’m in. Let’s demolish these redneck assholes.”
Somers broke out in the first genuine smile of the day.

Chapter 5
October 24
Monday
10:02am

It took all of Hazard’s willpower not to smile back at Somers when the man started grinning. There was something genuine about it, something honestly bright, that made Hazard forget, for a moment, how much he hated the prick. Fine, Hazard told himself as he got out of the Impala. He’d work with Somers on this case. Like it or not, Hazard was hooked. This case was pushing all the right buttons: ignorant bullies, LGBT victims, a chance to kick the ass of a boogeyman from his past. Hazard couldn’t walk away from that. Hell, you couldn’t have dragged him away from it. And if that meant working with Somers, he’d work with Somers. For now.
This part of Wahredua was completely new to Hazard; it had obviously been built in response to the college’s rapid expansion, but it showed signs of careful planning and execution. This quiet street, for example, already had large trees lining the sidewalk, and the taupe-colored townhomes were well built and maintained. A large swath of green, complete with a playground, capped the end of the block. The smell of the pastries—kolaches?—had faded, and now Hazard tasted the hot tar patches on the street and the mulch dust from the playground. They were summer tastes; he was surprised to find that they made him think of home and, even more surprising, happy days.
Whatever happiness those memories held, though, dissipated as he studied the townhouse in front of them. Two-stories, with a manicured flowerbed, a trimmed hedge, and an attached garage, it looked like it could have belonged in Anytown, USA, except for one thing: across the garage door, spray painted in foot-high letters, were the words, Die Fag! Someone had obviously tried to scrub away the letters, resulting in a blurry final e of Die, but the effort had also obviously been given up.
“Who lives here?”
Somers checked his notepad. “Rosendo Cruz Cervantes is the owner, according to the patrol that stopped by, but he wasn’t the one who called it in.”
“Who did?”
“The name here is Nicholas. Nicholas Flores.”
“Let’s talk to Mr. Flores.”
Somers let Hazard take the lead, and so Hazard followed the walk to the front door. He raised a hand to knock, but before he could, the door swung inwards, and someone—a man—hurtled out. Hazard twisted aside, moving more by reflex than conscious thought, and snagged the man’s shirt. The man stumbled, and a cardboard box flew out of his arms and tumbled onto the grass, spilling shirts across the yard.
“What the—” The man stared at Hazard in shock, and then his expression hardened in anger. He planted both hands on Hazard’s chest and shoved free of Hazard’s grip. “Who the hell are you?”
“Police,” Somers said. “Detective Somers.”
“Detective Hazard.” Hazard paused, taking in the details: the man in front of him was young—twenty-two, maybe twenty-three—and gorgeous. He had copper-colored skin, and thick, wavy black hair. Tall and slender, he was built like a dancer, and every movement displayed the perfect lines of his body. It didn’t matter that he was wearing a ratty t-shirt with holes and baggy sweats—it just made him look better. Hazard was trying to remember what he’d been going to say.
“We had a call,” Somers prompted.
“Right. Vandalism. We’re here to talk to—” Damn. He’d forgotten the name. He flashed Somers a pleading glance.
Somers, for his part, kept his expression smooth. “Nicholas Flores.”
“Nico.” The young man crossed his arms across his chest. A very well-defined chest, Hazard noticed, through the thin cotton. “That’s me.”
Hazard decided he either had to jump in and start talking or he was at risk of swallowing his tongue. “Can you tell us what happened?”
“I woke up this morning, came outside, and found that—” He jerked a thumb at the garage door. “I tried scrubbing it out, and then I realized I was being stupid. I called the police. Now you guys are here. That’s about it.”
“Mr. Flores, could we come in and talk for a few minutes?”
Nico snorted. “I’m not going back inside that place unless it’s to get the rest of my stuff.”
“Some sort of problem?” Somers asked.
“Yeah. I’ve been living with a miserable, lying, cheating waste of a human being. For eight months. Eight months. That sound like a problem to you?”
“Are you talking about—” Somers consulted his notepad. “—the homeowner? Mr. Cervantes?”
“Chendo. Yeah. That’s the soulless, conniving, sneaky—”
“Is Mr. Cervantes home?”
“If he were home, I’d be too busy ripping off his balls to talk to you.”
“Mr. Flores,” Hazard said, “it’s not in your best interest to say things like that. Especially not when talking to the police.”
“Why not?” Nico walked past Hazard—but close, close enough that his arm brushed Hazard’s chest—and stooped, gathering the fallen clothing and putting it back into the cardboard box. “It’s the truth. I’d put that piece of shit’s head through a windshield if I had the chance.”
“Were you and Mr. Cervantes in a relationship?”
Nico gave a bitter laugh, shoving another shirt into the box.
“Mr. Flores?”
Straightening to his full height, Nico met Hazard’s gaze. “No. I wouldn’t say we were in a relationship. You can’t have a relationship with a guy who goes around sleeping with everything that has a pulse, can you?”
“But you were involved romantically with him?”
“What do you care?” A crooked smile crossed Nico’s features. “You interested?”
Hazard felt his face heat; Somers intervened, saying, “We’re trying to establish the facts, Mr. Flores.”
“God, it’s roasting out here. Fuck it, I changed my mind. Let’s go inside and drink the rest of Chendo’s beer.”
Without waiting for an answer, he tossed the cardboard box onto the porch and disappeared into the house.
Hazard glanced at Somers, who was trying—and failing—to hide a smile.
“Shut up,” Hazard said, before following Nico into the house.
The inside of the townhouse matched the outside: dark-stained wood floors, ultra-modern furniture and color scheme, lots of glass and steel and white. Along one wall hung a row of pictures, and many of them featured Nico and another young, Latino man embracing. Other pictures were of Nico, alone and in various stages of undress. Before Hazard and Somers could get deeper into the house, Nico returned carrying three beers by the neck. He took a drink from one and offered the others.
Hazard and Somers shook their heads.
“Fine, but you owe me a drink,” Nico said, his eyes locked on Hazard, his smile still crooked and, in Hazard’s view, hot enough to start a grease fire. Then, his face flattening in anger, he said, “I guess I’ll leave these for Chendo.” He swung the bottles at the row of pictures. Glass shattered, and beer splashed everywhere. Pictures clattered to the floor, followed by more glass breaking. The yeasty smell of beer filled the small entryway.
“You need to calm down, Mr. Flores,” Somers said. “Unless you’d rather take this conversation to the station.”
“Whatever you want, detective.” Nico took another drink and then nodded to a sofa and chairs. “You want to sit down and talk, let’s sit. You want to cuff me, well,” he grinned, “you can do whatever you want. You too,” he added to Hazard. “You can definitely do whatever you want to me.”
“Do you know where Mr. Cervantes is?” Somers asked.
“Off with whatever piece of ass he found.”
“How long has he been gone?”
“A couple of days.”
“How long exactly?” Hazard said.
“I haven’t seen him since Friday night. We had a fight. He went out to blow off some steam. I thought he’d come back and we’d work it out. Instead—” Nico cut off with a laugh and took a drink of beer.
“What happened?”
“He’s been texting me. Checking in. Really sweet of him, don’t you think?” He fished a phone out of his sweats and tossed it to Hazard. 
On the screen, a text conversation was open with Chendo Cervantes. The list of recent messages had come from Chendo over the course of two days, beginning late Friday night and coming regularly through Monday morning. The most recent was from only a few hours before and it read, It’s nice to wake up next to a man who knows how to take care of my needs. Wish I could have said the same for you. The other messages were similar—taunts, boasts about sexual exploits, and humiliating descriptions of Nico’s inadequacies.
By the time Hazard had finished the recent texts, Nico had finished his beer. With the same hard, angry look on his face, he flung it at the wall of pictures. Another handful of framed photographs crashed to the floor.
“Oops. Sorry.”
Hazard passed the phone to Somers, who glanced at it and passed it back to Nico. “Mr. Flores, you understand I have to ask you this. Did you write those words on the garage? Maybe because of your dispute with Mr. Cervantes?”
“No. Why would I do it and then report myself?”
“Do you know who did?” Hazard asked.
“No.”
“No ideas? Nobody that Mr. Cervantes might have had an altercation with? Nobody with a grudge?”
“What about the hundred thousand rednecks that live around here? All those guys who say God hates fags. You know who I’m talking about. Jesus, this has been going on for months. It was only a matter of time.”
“You think it was only a matter of time before someone targeted Mr. Cervantes?”
“Chendo has a big mouth. Big ego, too. He thinks of himself as an activist.”
“Why did you call it in?” Somers said. “If you hate him so much, why not leave it and just walk away?”
“Because nobody should be able to do that and get away with it. I don’t care if it’s me or Chendo or anybody else. It’s wrong.”
“Are you an activist?” Hazard said.
Nico’s crooked smile flashed out again. “I’m a student, detective. Do you want to take me to school?”
“I think that’s all we need from you, Mr. Flores.”
Nico’s smirk stayed right where it was.
“We’ll take some pictures,” Somers said. “Dust for prints, take a look around.”
“Yeah, sure,” Nico said, but his eyes didn’t leave Hazard’s face. “I’m done with this place. You do whatever you want.”
“Do you have a phone number?” Hazard asked. “An address where we can contact you?”
Nico didn’t say anything, but the mocking twinkle in his eyes made Hazard’s face heat again. He scribbled something on the back of an envelope lying on the coffee table and tossed it in Hazard’s lap. Hazard glanced at it; his fist crumpled the paper, but not before Somers saw.
It had a phone number and then the words: Don’t forget you owe me a drink.
“Here’s my card,” Somers said, and Hazard thought he heard suppressed amusement. “If you think of anything else.”
Hazard led the way out of the house. Nico followed them as far as the door and called after them, “Chendo’s going to show up in a day or so. He’ll probably call you and pitch a fit about this. Tell him I said he deserves it.”
“Thanks for your help today, Mr. Flores,” Somers said.
Nico didn’t answer, but he watched them as they moved to the garage and Somers began to take pictures with his phone.
“He’s giving you the eye, man,” Somers said in a low voice as he snapped pictures.
“Shut up.”
“Once we wrap up this case, you better give that boy a call.” Somers was grinning now.
“Are you kidding me? He’s a baby.”
“He’s hot. Don’t give me that look. I’m straight, but even I’d hit that.”
“Please stop talking,” Hazard growled, “before I punch you in the throat.”
Hazard couldn’t hear it, but he knew Somers was laughing.

Chapter 6
October 24
Monday
5:07pm

The rest of the day had passed in a blur of work: taping off the garage door, examining the property for any physical evidence, interviewing Cervantes’s neighbors, and then back to the station for paperwork and phone calls. They found nothing. Nobody knew anything. Everything ended hard and fast. Hazard tried Cervantes’s cell phone several times, but he wasn’t able to make contact. Instead, he left two messages—a lengthy explanation and a shorter follow-up. By the time Hazard decided to look at the related vandalism and assault cases, he realized that Somers was pushing in his chair.
“Come on,” Somers said.
“I’m going to stay. Get in a few hours of catch-up.”
“No,” Somers said, smiling to soften the blow. “You’re not. You’re coming with me.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes. We’re going to get roaring drunk with the rest of Wahredua’s detectives.”
“I’m not—”
Somers moved over to Hazard’s desk and perched on the edge; he was close enough that Hazard could smell a mixture of sweat and fabric softener. “This isn’t optional, ok? This is a small town. It’s a small department. And inside that small department, we’re an even smaller unit. Just five of us—four, once Upchurch leaves. We’re a team.”
“I’m part of the team. I already told you I was in. That doesn’t mean I’m getting drinks with you.”
“You don’t get it: this isn’t St. Louis. You can’t separate work and life. This is Wahredua, this is small town stuff. Everybody is in everybody’s business. That’s just the way it goes. Besides, I stuck my neck out to get you on. I’m not letting you make me look bad.”
“This is ridiculous.”
“It’s the way things are. You want these guys to have your back, you have to do things the right way. You ever want out of here—with a good recommendation from Cravens, I mean—you put in the time with the other detectives. Now. Put on your jacket and let’s go.”
“This is just so goddamn ridiculous,” Hazard muttered, but he grabbed his jacket and stood.
“What’s ridiculous,” Somers said, low and dry, “is how you pick up ass with that whole dark and brooding thing you’re doing.”
Before Hazard could reply, Somers was already whistling and hurrying towards the doors. 
Hazard caught up with him outside the station, but when Hazard turned into the parking lot, Somers whistled at him and jerked his head. “This way, big boy. We’re walking.”
“It’s hot,” Hazard said. Hot was an understatement; the muggy air was pasted to his skin, and it felt like he was swimming instead of walking.
“You’ll survive.” 
They walked south a few blocks, and the river came into view. The Grand Rivere ran fast and wide. Sunlight lay in flat panels along the water, orange and yellow and white, bobbing with the current. The river smell came on the air, a mixture of mud and wet wood. Between the men and the water, Market Street followed the curve of the river, and cars streamed in both directions. The rumble of engines swallowed any noise the water might have made.
“Swinney’s tough,” Somers said, breaking the silence between them. “She’s not the smartest, but she works like a mule. First female detective since Cravens. Not an easy job, especially not here.”
Somers looked at Hazard as though waiting for a reply, but Hazard only grunted. He wasn’t going to get dragged into gossip this early.
“Lender, he’s her partner. He’s squirrely. Lots of energy, bouncing off the walls, but you can’t tell it at first. At first, all you see are those big glasses. One time he was sitting there at the desk, and I’d just started as detective, and I thought he was this boring little mouse. Couldn’t even really see him, if you know what I mean, because I had my head so puffed up and because he seemed so quiet and small. So he was sitting there, and I was sitting there, and he said he needed to show me something in the evidence locker. He said it was coke, and as I was getting it down from the shelf, it spilled on me. Someone—Lender, obviously—had cut a hole in the plastic. I didn’t realize that, of course. I just about jumped out of my skin, that’s how bad I wanted to get out of there. Then somehow Lender had me convinced that I had to strip down and sprint to the locker room to shower, and he’d bag my clothes for evidence, and I was panicking because I thought I’d fucked up royally. So I did.”
In spite of himself, Hazard was smiling. “And?”
“And the whole goddamn shift was lined up in the hall, saluting me as I ran. And I was still so scared that I kept running, even though part of me knew the whole thing was a setup, and Anthony Lee, he’s the biggest, blackest guy on the force, shouted he’d never seen a coked-up white boy run so fast. By the time I got to the showers, I figured I was a dead man—if not for the coke, then because I’d just streaked through a government building. Then I looked down and realized it wasn’t coke.”
“It was flour.”
“Hell yes, it was flour.”
“What’d you do?”
“I knew I had to do something, so I turned around and marched out of the locker room, and Lender was there grinning like a monkey, and he said something like, ‘Gee, Somers, looks like God shorted you a few inches on the business end.’”
“Oh my God,” Hazard groaned. “Straight guys are literally all the same.”
Somers started to laugh.
“So?” Hazard said. “What happened?”
“So I turned to Anthony Lee and I said, ‘Could you lend me your coat? I think there’s a draft.’ And everybody busted up laughing.”
“I would have killed him.”
“Nah, Lender’s all right. That’s just him, though: quiet on the outside, but all hell broke loose on the inside. Ask him about the time I hooked him up with a lady friend.”
Hazard fought to keep from rolling his eyes. Straight guys really were all the same. “And Upchurch?” He’d asked the question before realizing it, and he was surprised at how easily Somers had drawn him into the conversation.
“Upchurch,” Somers said, drawing the name out and then hesitating and lapsing into silence. “He’s . . . he’s good at his job. And he’s everybody’s buddy, you know? I could call him any hour and he’d help me out of a jam. He’s the kind of guy you want at a party because he can tell the right stories and he makes sure everybody’s got a drink.”
“But?”
“I don’t know how to say it. He’s a climber. Every once in a while, you get a glimpse of it—he’s calculating, strategizing, making the decisions he thinks will help him move up.”
“Sounds shitty.”
“He’s not. He’s just always looking out for number one. Even when he’s your buddy. Even when he’s picking you up from the bar because you’re too drunk to drive. Even when he’s putting the cuffs on somebody.” Somers shook his head. “I shouldn’t have said that. He’s really a good guy, and he deserves the new job. State police, did I tell you that?”
“I heard.”
“Well, he really does deserve it. He’ll do a hell of a job.”
Somers stopped talking, and his silence seemed insistent, as though he knew he had said too much and was trying to compensate. He steered Hazard up Market Street, and Hazard saw, now, why they had walked. Market Street was busy. Not just with traffic, although cars made a steady procession on both sides of the road. Shops and storefronts lined both sides of the street, and people gathered under canopies, eating and drinking at a dozen different bars and restaurants that looked out at the river. The quiet, run-down and boarded-up Market Street from Hazard’s youth had vanished, replaced by something lively—even trendy.
“Saint Taffy’s,” Somers said, pointing to a pub ahead of them that had a sign with a white dove spreading its wings over a green background. “Wahredua’s cop bar.”
Inside, Saint Taffy’s was pleasantly dark and cool, with three steps that led down to a polished concrete floor. A mirror hung behind the bar, its glass fogged with age so that the reflections of patrons and bottles blurred into one shifting gray mass. The mirror seemed to sum up the place: this was a spot where you could fade away, disappear from yourself, if only for a few hours. The smell of fried onions and hops made Hazard’s stomach rumble; he’d worked through lunch, ignoring Somers’s invitation to run out for a sandwich. Billy would have insisted Hazard have a salad and a lite beer, but Billy was on the other side of the state and Hazard was going to have a burger, medium-rare, and the darkest beer Saint Taffy’s had on tap.
Somers led Hazard to a table at the back, behind a pool table and a chintzy hanging lamp of colored glass. A man and woman were already sitting there. The woman had her head buzzed except for a few long, reddish-blond strands at the front. She was on the early side of middle age, but Hazard could already tell it was going to kick like a mule. She had to be Swinney. The man, Hazard decided, was Lender. He was compact like he’d been folded in on himself to make him pocket-sized, and he had an enormous mustache and glasses in thick, yellow plastic frames. 
“Swinney,” Somers said, nodding at the woman. “And Lender.”
Lender murmured a greeting; Swinney pumped Hazard’s hand like she was trying to lift him out of the grave.
“Good to have you,” she said in a basso voice. “Heard you’re a hell of a detective. Somers won’t stop talking about you.”
Hazard shrugged. “You know how the job is. A lot of luck.”
“You got to work to get lucky,” Lender said.
Swinney nodded. “How’s he doing, Somers? Living up to your fanboy dreams?”
To Hazard’s surprise, Somers colored and shot Swinney a dark look. She just laughed and, when Lender joined in, clinked her glass against her partner’s. The two of them, Hazard guessed, enjoyed getting jabs in at Somers, although it was clearly good-natured.
“Where’s Upchurch?” Somers said.
“You know him,” Swinney said.
“Late to his own funeral,” Lender said.
They laughed again and clinked glasses. 
Somers and Hazard ordered drinks, and after the first Guinness, Hazard felt some of the tension in his back uncoil. Swinney and Lender obviously liked Somers, even if they also enjoyed giving him a hard time, and the three were clearly friends. After a few initial questions for Hazard—questions about the move and the job, questions that were, Hazard noticed, carefully polite and avoided anything too personal—the three friends settled into the normal gossip and banter about fellow cops and about the locals. Hazard, for his part, sat and listened. This was a routine; he was on the outside. He was always on the outside—growing up, in St. Louis, and back home again. Twice Somers tried to draw him in, but both times the effort failed. Hazard liked the outside, and Swinney and Lender were willing to let him stay there. Hazard and the two partners kept their drinking to a minimum, but Somers seemed determined to get shit-faced as fast as possible.
The conversation was interrupted by a booming voice that said, “What kind of hell are you raising tonight?”
It was an overbearingly jolly voice; it made Hazard think of a giant, and he was surprised to see that the sound came from a medium-sized man, his hair thinning on top, his stomach rounding slightly over his belt, with a freckled complexion that had probably made him the object of jokes in his early years.
“Renard Upchurch,” he said, seizing Hazard’s hand. “Christ, you’re built like a brick shithouse, aren’t you? What do you do for fun? Juggle station wagons?”
“Hazard. Nice to meet you.”
“Damn. The department doesn’t sit on the pot, do they?” Upchurch roared with laughter at his own joke. “You’re going to put the rest of these dipshits to shame, aren’t you? Make us look like a bunch of goddamn hayseeds, right?” He roared again. The effect, Hazard thought, was kind of like having a hurricane spit in your ear.
“Just doing my job.”
“Best thing the department ever did,” Somers said. Two bright lines marked his cheekbones, and his eyes were glassy; he was on his fourth beer, and he looked like he was on his way to pretty well looped. “Hiring him, best goddamn thing Cravens ever did. He’s the shit. The fucking shit, you know.” He tried to put his arm around Hazard, and Hazard instinctively shifted away. Somers half-fell, catching himself on the table, and burst into drunken guffaws.
“Easy there,” Upchurch said, helping Somers back into his seat. Upchurch’s eyes glittered with amusement. To Hazard, he said, “Somers here has some trouble with his booze. Isn’t that right, Somers?”
“Bullshit.” Somers was still laughing. “That’s bullshit.”
“You’re moving up to state?” Hazard asked.
Upchurch shrugged. “Buddy of mine told me they had an opening, and I thought I’d give it a shot. Never guessed they’d actually take a second look at me, much less that they’d want me for the job.”
“What’s the position?”
“Missing Persons. They’ve got their own unit, and they’re the clearinghouse for the whole state. Lots of work running through them.”
“Giving up a hell of a lot of seniority,” Lender said. “You’re low man on the totem pole, aren’t you?”
Upchurch shrugged again. “My wife—Eldora,” he added, glancing at Hazard, “she’s got her people in Jeff City. She’s been after me for a while; I think she wanted this more than I did. Anyway, we’ll settle in all right. What about you, Hazard? You bring anyone with you? Girlfriend?”
Somers started to laugh again. “No,” he said, clapping Hazard on the shoulder. Hazard pulled away, and Somers fell again—this time, hitting the floor. From where he lay, Somers added, still laughing, “He didn’t bring a girlfriend.”
Lender and Swinney exchanged an uncomfortable look; Hazard fought the urge to squirm in his seat. It was just a question, he told himself. And Somers was an ass. That’s all it was. “My boyfriend stayed in St. Louis.”
With a nod, Upchurch said, “Long-distance, huh? That’s hard.”
“I dated a guy long-distance,” Swinney said with an easy roll of her shoulders. “Worked out pretty well. I liked him better, it turned out, when I only saw him every few weeks. Made the sex intense, you know?”
“Intense?” Lender grunted into his beer. “What’s that like? The closest my wife and I get to intense is if we both stay awake the whole time.”
Everyone laughed, even Hazard, and the moment rolled past and they started talking about something else. Inwardly, though, Hazard marveled at what had just happened. No insults, no jibes, no awkward pauses. He took another sip of his beer and felt another knot of tension unwind. Maybe he’d been wrong about coming back.
Somers finally got back to his feet, and he interrupted the conversation—they were talking about Lender’s various attempts to find legitimate tax breaks, and Hazard was grateful for the interruption—by lurching towards their table and announcing, loud enough to carry across the room, that he needed to take a piss. Then he stumbled off towards the bathroom.
Upchurch rolled his eyes and took a long drink.
“Don’t start,” Swinney warned him.
“Me? You’re telling me? When that asshole can’t stay sober five minutes after he’s off the clock?”
“Drop it,” Swinney said, her cheeks coloring.
“Lender, back me up,” Upchurch said.
Shaking his head, Lender stared into his glass.
“Something I should know?” Hazard said.
“Nothing,” Swinney said, setting her pint down with a clank.
“Hell yes you need to know,” Upchurch said. Swinney opened her mouth, but Upchurch said, “If he’s going out there with Somers, he deserves to know.”
“Know what?”
“That Somers is a drunk. That you can’t trust him to do his job.”
“That’s not true,” Swinney said.
“I’m the one he left without backup,” Upchurch said. “Damn near got stabbed at a public disturbance because the golden boy was throwing up in the bushes.”
“He was sick,” Swinney said, but her voice had lost some of its edge, and she didn’t meet Hazard’s glance.
“He was hungover. And the only reason I’m not shitting in a bag is because the knife hit my belt.” Upchurch shook his head. “Look, Hazard, Somers is a good guy. He is. But you better not put all your chips on him. You probably knew some guys like that, right? Back in St. Louis, you probably knew guys that pulled shit like that with their partners, right?”
“Here’s what I know,” Hazard said, sliding his glass away and getting to his feet. “Somers is my partner. And as far as I’m concerned, that’s the only thing that matters. So you either write a report and make this official, or you stop talking shit about him. Otherwise, keep this up and I’ll break your jaw.”
Swinney’s eyes were wide, and Lender had just about buried his nose in his glass, and Upchurch’s face had turned red.
“Nice meeting you,” Hazard said, catching sight of Somers tossing back shots at the bar. He nodded to Somers, paid his tab, and left.
As he emerged into the humid summer night, a hand caught his arm. “You pissed—” Somers paused, clearing his throat and obviously trying to steady his words. “You really pissed Upchurch off. What happened?”
“Nothing.”
“Come on, what’d you say?”
“Whatever I said, it had nothing to do with you.”
Somers studied him for a moment, his eyes bleary and his body wavering as though he were standing in a high wind. Then he nodded and said, “Yeah,” like they’d agreed on something. “I’m—I better go home.”
He took a step, staggered, and knocked over a folding table and chairs that sat outside Saint Taffy’s. Tangled in the fallen chairs, Somers struggled to free himself, but he only managed to knock his chin and then collapse.
“For God’s sake,” Hazard muttered, grabbing Somers by the belt and the jacket. “Get up.”
Together they managed to get Somers on his feet, and then Hazard righted the table and the chairs while keeping a hold of Somers’s jacket. By that time, Swinney had come to the door and was watching them. She wasn’t a pretty woman, but she had nice eyes, and she just watched for a minute.
“You want me to take him?”
“I’m his damn partner, aren’t I?”
“Yeah,” Somers said cheerily. “He’s my damn partner.”
“Somers, you tell him what’s going on?” Swinney asked.
Somers’s good mood evaporated, and his face settled into a morose pout. “I don’t have anything to tell anybody.”
“You tell him, or somebody will tell him for you.” To Hazard, she added, “Sorry about all this.”
Hazard shrugged; he didn’t know what to say, so he gave Somers a little shake and said, “Which way?”
Somers, his face still fixed in a frown, pointed down Market Street.
“Night,” Swinney called after them, and Hazard threw her a wave.
They walked that way for a while. The sun lingered on the horizon, huge and red, and although the day had cooled and a breeze came off the river, Hazard’s clothes still stuck to him like they’d been glued on. The river smell grew stronger as they followed Market Street, although it was still punctuated by city smells: the dry dustiness of the street, the whirls of exhaust, and the baked-garbage stink from the Dumpsters. Apartments filled the spaces between storefronts and restaurants, in renovated walk-ups and hotels and warehouses.
It was to one of these latter that Somers directed them. His shoulders had slumped, and his face had lost its usual cheer. Finally, as they approached the building—the Crofter’s Mark—Somers said, “What’d Upchurch tell you?”
“Nothing.”
“I’m drunk,” Somers said angrily, the words slurred, “I’m not stupid. He said something. What?”
“What the fuck does it matter? Where are your keys?”
“I don’t know.” Somers patted himself down.
“Jesus.”
“Did you say something to him?”
“Yeah, I said I don’t like dragging drunks home.”
Somers paused, his eyes coming up to Hazard’s face, his confusion obvious as he tried to figure out if Hazard had made a joke.
“Keys,” Hazard said. “Come on.”
But Somers was frozen. “You have a boyfriend.”
“Yeah, who cares? Am I going to have to go through goddamn pockets myself?”
Somers took a step backward and clapped both hands protectively over his pockets. “What’s his name?”
With a growl, Hazard took a step forwards, but Somers retreated again. “It doesn’t matter. Just open the damn door so I can get you in your apartment and go home.”
“You don’t have a home. You’re staying in a motel.”
“So I can go to my motel, then. Keys, Somers. Right now.”
“No.” Hazard took another step, and Somers held up a warning finger. “Not until you tell me his name.”
“His name?”
“Your boyfriend’s name.”
Hazard studied his partner. Somers’s perfect features were flushed with a mixture of stubbornness and drink, but there was something surprisingly needy too, as though the question meant something to Somers.
“Billy. It’s Billy, all right? Now, will you find your damn keys?”
“You love him?”
“All right, I’m done. You get yourself home.” Hazard turned to go.
Somers caught him and tried to turn him around, but instead, he fell into Hazard, and his weight sent the two men careening into the bricks. For a moment, Somers lay against Hazard, his breath hot on Hazard’s neck.
“Did he tell you about my wife?” Somers mumbled.
Wrinkling his nose against the reek of alcohol, Hazard reached down, fished in Somers pocket, and produced the keys. He grabbed Somers elbow and shoved him towards the door. With quick, economical motions, Hazard unlocked the front door, crossed the lobby, and jabbed the elevator call button. The bell dinged, the doors opened, and Hazard guided Somers onto the elevator.
“4F,” Somers said. He slumped against Hazard, his head on Hazard’s shoulder, and the mirrored doors gave back their image: Hazard, dark and wide and muscled, and Somers, blond and lean and curved around him. The image was disorienting to Hazard, like a funhouse reflection: not true, but not true in a terribly painful way.
“She kicked me out,” Somers said, his voice slurred almost into incomprehensibility. “Can’t see Evie, can’t even see her.”
“Come on,” was all Hazard could say as the doors opened. He half-dragged, half-carried Somers to the door of 4F. He worked the key in the lock and shoved the door open with his heel. It was a small, stark two-bedroom: no decorations, a stack of plates in the sink, and two overflowing black trash bags near the door. Hazard maneuvered Somers across the empty apartment and into the closest bedroom. The only furnishing was a twin mattress on the floor—not even a box spring underneath.
As carefully as he could, Hazard lowered Somers onto the bed. Somers grabbed Hazard’s collar with both hands, and for a moment they stared at each other, with Somers’s drunken gaze wandering over Hazard’s face.
“You ever think about that?” Somers whispered, and the fingers of his right hand uncurled to tease the line of Hazard’s jaw. Hazard trembled, ready to bolt and yet somehow unable to pull free. “About that time—about the locker room. I think about it.”
The mention of the past was enough to jolt Hazard out of his trance. He yanked Somers’s hands from his collar and stood.
“Get some sleep,” Hazard said, and he wished his voice didn’t sound like it had been scraped down to bone.
“Do you hate me?” Somers asked.
Hazard shook his head, not trusting himself to speak.
“Jesus, I really hate myself sometimes.”
And then, because the words just popped out, and not because they meant anything at all, not because he cared one damn bit, Hazard heard himself saying, “Things’ll look better in the morning.”
He wasn’t sure if Somers heard him; the blond man’s eyes were closed, and his breathing had evened out. Hazard shook himself, as though trying to throw off Somers’s touch or his breath or some other, invisible mark, and then let himself out of the apartment. He took the two overflowing trash bags to the Dumpster, and then he heard himself making a sound, deep in his throat, and he didn’t know what it meant, he just knew that it hurt and that it was some old hurt that went all the way down. He punched the brick wall, just once, and then he was back under control. Then he went back to the motel, taped up his knuckles, and went to bed.

Chapter 7
October 25
Tuesday
12:01am

The cell phone woke Hazard, and the first thing he noticed was that his hand hurt. Then all the rest of it came rushing in: drinks with the detectives, Upchurch, and taking Somers back to his apartment. Hazard let out a frustrated breath and shoved all that mental chaos to the back of his mind. He had tried calling Billy before going to bed, but there had been no answer. Maybe this was Billy calling back. He punched the cell phone’s screen and said, “Yeah?”
“We caught something.” It was Somers’s voice, and he sounded like shit. He rattled off an address and said, “See you there.”
Hazard hadn’t undressed except to remove his shoes and jacket and tie; he settled for shoes and jacket, got in his car, and drove across town. An orange ember in the distance marked his destination.
At night, the changes to Wahredua were visible in a different way. The lights, for example. Hazard remembered, as a boy, the deep black nights of Wahredua. Once, after escaping from his house, he had walked the MP lines at night, and it had been so dark that he couldn’t see his hand in front his face. Then there had been a single light in the distance, and the rumble under his feet, and Hazard had leaped clear of the tracks just before the train rushed past. As soon as the light was gone, the blackness returned, broken only by the sparking wheels along the rails. That was the night he had known he was alone in the universe, and he’d known that he, Emery Hazard, was the only one responsible for himself. He was the only one who could keep him from getting run down by a train, for example.
Now, though, Wahredua seemed bathed in a perpetual half-light, the combined sodium glow of hundreds of streetlights and security lights and traffic lights and porch lights, pushing the darkness back around a gray bubble. Wroxall College, barely visible by day, now glowed like a Disney castle in the distance. Even the old Tegula factory shone three white points of light in the sky. Everything was brighter, more vivid, more alive. Even that burning spark in the distance.
Hazard followed the wandering, disordered streets of Wahredua towards the neighborhood known as Smithfield. Smithfield, in Hazard’s childhood, had been a no-man's land, a Wild West that crouched at the edge of the MP lines. Men and women drifted through Smithfield, taking up residence in abandoned buildings, turning tricks, dealing drugs. When Hazard had been fourteen, Hollace Walker—a boy with a black father and a white mother, almost as much an outcast as Emery Hazard, town faggot—had dared Hazard to steal something from the Smithfield house known as the Bordello. It was an old Victorian building on the edge of Smithfield, and every boy in town knew its reputation of having once served as the town’s only operating brothel.
Hollace had waited on the safe side of the street while Hazard crossed and approached the crumbling Victorian structure. As Hazard had approached, an older woman—he knew now that she had probably been no older than thirty, maybe thirty-five, but hard living had made her look older, and to a boy of fourteen, thirty seemed ancient—had emerged from the Bordello. She had been wearing purple tights and a purple bra and nothing else. Her breasts had seemed enormous and pendulous, and the cleft between her legs had been obscenely visible. She had been carrying two pizza boxes and a broken lamp, and she had paused on the steps and offered to blow Hazard for twenty cents. When Hazard had mutely shaken his head, she had shrugged, dumped the pizza boxes and the lamp at the curb, and sauntered back into the house. As soon as she disappeared from sight, Hazard had sprinted back across the street and almost gotten himself hit by a plumber’s van.
Now, seeing Smithfield through an experienced detective’s eyes, Hazard was shocked at what he saw. If the rest of Wahredua had prospered and grown during his absence, Smithfield had only gotten worse. He drove past the Bordello, which now leaned towards the street as though in a grotesque, sexual thrust, and saw a handful of sex-workers—men and women—running the corner. Fires burned in weed-choked yards, or their reflected light glimmered inside abandoned buildings. A man in ragged clothing limped along one side of the street, while on the other, two boys perched on a flight of weathered concrete stairs. Hazard couldn’t spot their stash, but he would have laid money that the boys were working for a dealer.
As he drew closer to the address Somers had given him, the orange light became more pronounced. Firelight, Hazard realized, flickering and stretching against the night sky. He could smell it now, too: a greasy, foul smoke that smelled of rubber and burnt hair and meat. Mixed in with that smell, so faint that Hazard only caught whiffs of it, was a chemical smell. When he reached the next block, he saw the police cordon, with a handful of cars—patrol and unmarked—parked across the street. A fire truck had pulled in front of the blaze and men were uncoiling a hose and attaching it to a hydrant.
Swinney and Lender stood together past the cordon. When the uniformed officer waved Hazard past, he approached the two detectives. Lender nodded in greeting. Swinney said nothing, but her eyes were appraising.
“What do we have?”
“Fire,” Lender said, poking a finger at the blaze.
It had been a single-wide trailer, Hazard realized—this street held a mixture of freestanding buildings and trailers. The trailer was burning with huge, roaring flames, and the heat pressed against Hazard and made his eyes tear. The fire had eaten through the roof and windows, and it licked happily at the night air.
“Anybody inside?”
Lender shrugged. “Fire department can’t get in there. It’s too damn hot.”
“Arson.”
The two detectives shrugged. The fire volunteers had finished attaching the hose, and now a steady spray of water was being directed at the blaze.
“This goes to me and Somers?”
Swinney shrugged. “If this is a meth lab that blew, we catch it. Or if we tie it to something drug-related. Maybe one dealer kills another, that kind of thing. Otherwise, it goes to you.”
“Who lives there?”
“Nobody; technically, it’s owned by some out of town investment firm, but those pieces of shit—”
“Detectives.” Cravens’s voice cut through Swinney’s response. The chief stepped up to join them, and Hazard got his first real look at the woman since coming back to Wahredua. He had seen her before, of course—he had grown up knowing who Martha Cravens was, the only woman on the police force—but he had been so disoriented by seeing Somers again that Hazard had barely been able to pay attention to the police chief.
She was a solidly built woman: full in the bust and hips, with an hourglass shape but without seeming fat. Her hair was longer than Hazard had expected, a stylish gray that made no attempt to hide her age, although her face was still unlined. She didn’t look like a woman who smiled often, but she looked like a woman you could trust; it was easy to see why the mayor had named her chief.
“You were saying something about InnovateMidwest, Detective Swinney?”
“No, sir.” Swinney’s face might have been red, but it might not; it was hard to tell in the fire.
“Are you sure?” Cravens’s voice was deceptively soft, so soft that Hazard leaned closer to hear her over the fire. “That’s InnovateMidwest, the investment firm of which the mayor happens to be a major shareholder. The same mayor who appoints, among other positions, a police chief at his discretion. You didn’t have anything to say about them?”
Swinney’s cheeks were red; she shook her head.
“Derelict,” Lender said.
“Excuse me?”
“That’s the word for places like this. Derelict. Lots of abandoned property in Smithfield, and this trailer was one of them. In the winter, squatters and drifters use them. A lot of them are crammed with garbage—some of it the squatters collect, some of it just seems to show up. Easy for a place like that to catch fire.”
“Did you see someone in there?” Cravens asked.
Lender shook his head, but before he could say more, Somers trotted up. He looked like hell. No, scratch that. He looked like hell after someone had dragged it behind a freight car for a few miles. His shirt was misbuttoned, his collar flipped up, his tie hanging halfway down his chest. He had two shoes on, and they didn’t match.
“Jesus,” Swinney muttered, turning her face away from Somers.
“Detective Somerset,” Cravens said, taking in Somers’s appearance in a single glance. “Do we need to have a conversation about the department’s dress code for detectives and the importance of our public image?”
Somers was pale, and his lips were clenched together. He shook his head and then managed to say, “No, chief.”
“Are you sick, Somers?”
He shook his head again, but this time he couldn’t say anything.
“Somers, I really think—”
“Chief,” Hazard said, “Somers and I should talk to some of the patrol officers, see what they’ve found.”
Cravens stared at him for a long moment. She wasn’t a fool; Hazard knew she wasn’t a fool. But she seemed willing, at least this once, to let him get away with it. With a nod, she dismissed them.
As soon as Hazard and Somers had put a few yards between them and the chief, Hazard said, “What the hell is wrong with you?”
“I’m fine.” Somers clamped his mouth shut, though, and he wobbled on his feet.
“You’re not fine. You’re about to puke at a crime scene. And you look like you dragged yourself out of a two-dollar whorehouse. Jesus, you even smell like you did.”
Somers stared at him.
“Listen,” Hazard said. “You’re a drunk. Fine. I get it. But the drunks I know, they still have their shit more or less together. You—you’re like a teenager. Like a kid that just doesn’t know when to stop, but he thinks he’s got it together right until he tosses it in his daddy’s shoes.”
“I said I’m fine,” Somers managed to say through gritted teeth.
“Fine. You mess things up, you’re on your own. You understand me?”
Somers gave a tight nod.
Hazard grunted and turned towards the uniformed cops near the cordon.
“Hazard?”
“What?”
“Thanks. For earlier.”
Hazard didn’t bother to reply.
The cop at the cordon was young, black, and had a pleasant, easy-going look to him. When he saw Somers and Hazard approaching, he nodded and said, “Detectives.”
“This is Moraes,” Somers said, wiping sweat from his forehead. “Moraes, this is Hazard.”
“Yeah, I heard about you.”
“Moraes?” Hazard said.
“My mom. Brazilian. Came here for university, never left. My names Joao, but most of the guys just call me Jonny.” He held out his hand, and Hazard shook.
“You got the call?”
Moraes smiled. “Nah, we were the ones who found it.”
“People in Smithfield wouldn’t even piss on each other to put out a fire,” Somers said. “Let alone call one in.” He looked almost green in the firelight. “I’m going to see if the EMT has a bag I can throw up into.”
“He’s all right,” Moraes said as Somers hustled towards the ambulance. “Lot of shit going on lately, but he’s a good guy.”
Hazard shrugged. “So you found the fire?”
“I’m partnered with Patrick Foley, the big Irish lug over there.” Moraes gestured down the cordon where a massively-built red-headed man stood with his arms crossed. “We have second shift and cover Smithfield, so we were patrolling and saw it. The whole place was already up and going by the time we called it in, so there wasn’t much to do except sit and watch.”
“Anybody inside?”
Moraes shrugged. “Couldn’t tell.”
“You ever heard of InnovateMidwest?”
“This is another one of theirs? They own half the town, it seems like, but nothing ever happens.”
“The mayor is in on it?”
“In on what? They don’t do anything. Buy up chunks of property, usually stuff that nobody else wants, and they do just enough maintenance to keep the buildings from falling over. I’m talking literally. The first year they were in Wahredua, an old brick building they owned collapsed. Nobody was hurt, but you better believe that woke people up.”
“And they just sit on it? All this property they’re buying, they don’t do anything with it?”
“Nothing. Couple of years ago, there were billboards all over town. InnovateMidwest, the future is coming. Stuff like that. Then,” he made a flicking motion, “gone.” Moraes appraised Hazard. “Somers told me you grew up here. You guys were buddies.”
“Something like that. Mind if I ask you something?”
Moraes shrugged.
“You like living here?”
With a smirk, Moraes said, “Because I’m black? I guess you know all about the Ozark Volunteers.”
“Hillbillies with too many guns. If they weren’t too busy getting their sisters pregnant and smoking crystal meth, they might cause trouble.”
“Maybe ten years ago. Hell, maybe even two years ago.”
“What do you mean?”
“Some hotshot showed up and started whipping them into a frenzy. They have peaceful assemblies if you can call hate speech and fear-mongering peaceful. They march through town. All the permits, everything in order. And weekends they’re out in the hills practicing formations and shooting dummies wearing police uniforms and doing everything they can to start a civil war.”
“That’s all? They march around, do some target practice?”
“Had two crosses burned in my yard this year. Two, and the year isn’t over. I don’t think they’d get physical—especially not with a cop—but I’ve got kids, man. That’s some scary stuff. Kids didn’t wake up either time, but my wife sure did. Then you hear about what’s going on now, all that shit with the gays, man, it’s going to get worse.”
“How’s that?”
“I don’t know. It just is. Pretty soon it won’t be something you can pass off as a mugging or a nasty prank. It’s going to be something dark, like swimming down shit river, that kind of dark. And the public stuff, that’s nothing to laugh at either. This one, Bruer, she’s one of the nastiest. Off the grid type, survivalist, but that’s never stopped her from showing up to public forums and raising hell about everything from drinking water to the color of the street signs. You know she said the street signs should be white? Not green. They’ve got green street signs everywhere I’ve ever been, but Bruer says they should be white. Represents purity. And don’t get me started on the drinking water.”
Hazard grinned. “You had some run-ins with her?”
“No, not personally. You’d better pray there isn’t a white person inside that trailer, though.”
With a nod, Hazard said, “Ozark Volunteers would stir up a shit storm. Decent citizens aren’t safe in their own homes, that kind of crap. They’ll make the whole thing political.”
“Decent white citizens,” Moraes corrected. “You better believe the sheriff and the chief are going to have to dance pretty fast if that shit starts blowing.”
“It all rolls downhill,” Hazard said.
“Hazard,” Somers called, waving Hazard to join him with Cravens and the detectives.
“Thanks,” Hazard said.
“Take it easy,” Moraes said.
Hazard trotted over to Somers and was surprised to see that Upchurch had arrived. “What’s he doing here? I thought he’d retired.”
“Small town,” Somers said. He looked a little better; he’d re-buttoned his shirt, and his face had regained some color. “Besides, it’s hard to turn it off. He’s been a detective here for a long time.” Cravens was talking to a stout man with thinning blond hair, and Somers nodded in their direction. “That’s the fire chief, McClinckie.”
Cravens, whose face had darkened, scanned the dark street and waved for Hazard and Somers to join her. “Boys,” she said, “this is yours.”
Hazard nodded, but to his surprise, Somers screwed up his face in anger and said, “This is Smithfield. Probably a drug lab, and Swinney and Lender get all the drug cases.”
“Whoa,” Swinney said, breaking into the conversation. “Chief, we can’t take this one. We’re running around like crazy already. Two labs exploded last week, not to mention all the shit still in processing. This is arson, plain and simple. That’s Hazard and Somers.”
“We’ve got a PR timebomb we’re trying to defuse,” Somers said. “That should be our priority, not worrying about an abandoned trailer.”
Cravens glanced from Swinney to Somers and shook her head. “It’s yours,” she said to Somers. “You keep telling us we hired the best detective since Pinkerton. Let’s see what he can do.”
“It might be an accident,” Somers said. “Bad wiring, something like that. I mean, look at it, that thing was a shithole.”
“Lender said these things are full of trash,” Hazard said. “Easy for a place like that to go up, right?”
“True,” Cravens said. “Ron?”
The fire chief spoke for the first time since Hazard had approached. “We won’t know until we get the fire out and everything cools down, but it doesn’t look like an accident.” He nodded to the men working the hose and the fire engine; a steady spray of water blasted the burning trailer now, but it seemed to have little effect. “Some sort of accelerant in there, no doubt about it. It’s making that fire burn damn hot, and we’re going to have to wait until it burns itself out, more or less.”
“And,” Cravens prompted. “Tell them the rest.”
McClinckie flashed her an irritated look. “There’s nothing conclusive, and we can’t see a damn thing.” Cravens folded her arms and waited, and after a moment McClinckie sighed. “You smell that?” He made a display of sniffing the air. “Paint thinner, that’s my guess. And probably a lot of it. The smoke, kind of brown, all of that tells me it’s suspicious.”
“At the very least,” Cravens said. “Go on.”
“And,” McClinckie said with another sigh, “it smells like somebody’s in there. That’s not official, but I’ve been doing this a long time, and you don’t forget that smell.”
Hazard’s stomach flipped. The foul smoke seemed everywhere now, leeching into his clothes and skin and hair. He’d seen death before. He’d even seen burned bodies before. But the smell, the burned-meat smell—
“If Ron finds that it was a drug lab,” Cravens said, “we’ll see about dropping it into Swinney and Lender’s pool. Otherwise, you two might have a murder on your hands.”

Chapter 8
October 25
Tuesday
6:30am

Somers caught forty winks in his unmarked car because he couldn’t stand the thought of going back to the empty apartment. The alarm on his phone woke him at half-past six with a crick in his neck, a pounding headache, and the certainty that it would be a hell of a lot easier to crawl under a passing train than to get up and face another day.
After Cravens’s announcement, Somers and Hazard had done their best to survey the surrounding blocks, although it was the dead of night and Smithfield’s normal inhabitants had vanished—like rats sliding into sewer drains—when the police showed up. The fire department had taken care of the burning trailer, and by the time Somers and Hazard left, the flames had subsided into greasy, smoking char. Then there had been nothing left to do until McClinckie reached a conclusion about the fire.
Hazard had gone back to the motel; his goodbye had been expressionless, even cold. Somers knew what the other man was thinking, even if Hazard had the decency not to say it. Hazard was thinking that he’d been partnered with a royal fuck-up. Not just a piece of shit bully from his past. That wasn’t bad enough. An inept cop too. Somers wanted to crawl into a bottle, but the bars and liquor stores were closed and his apartment was dry.
In the early summer light, everything took on a bluish tinge, and Wahredua looked unusually peaceful as Somers drove to his apartment. He unlocked the door, rode the elevator, and let himself into the apartment. No couch, no chairs, no TV. Jesus, even the trash bags were gone—had someone stolen his garbage? Or—please, God, no—had Hazard taken them on his way out? Somers felt his face burning; he couldn’t believe he’d let Hazard see this place.
Somers showered and changed. He had a four-by-six, unframed, on the windowsill. The sun was starting to bleach the colors, and for the tenth time, Somers decided he’d move the picture somewhere safer. But he didn’t. He left it where it was, in the morning light, tinged with the same dusty blue as the rest of the world: a picture of his two-year-old daughter, Evie, and his wife, Cora. His estranged wife, Somers reminded himself. His estranged wife who wouldn’t let him in the house, who wouldn’t answer his calls, who wouldn’t let him see his own daughter.
He should have told Hazard the truth or at least part of it. But Jesus, it was embarrassing. No, it was humiliating. And there was part of Somers that knew it was even worse that it was Hazard instead of someone else. Somers was already fighting an uphill battle, trying to patch things up with Hazard, trying to fix the past. Somers knew he had a snowball’s chance in hell if Hazard found out all the other shit in Somers’s life.
So Somers styled his hair and drank water until his stomach felt bloated and drank coffee on top of that, and he pounded down a few aspirin and drove to the station. The old school building looked pristine in the morning light, outlined by the rising sun, all the old chinks in the brick and mortar washed away by the hour. No sooner had Somers settled at his desk, starting to feel halfway human when Hazard appeared.
Carrying two coffees, Hazard crossed the bullpen and stood at Somers’s desk. He eyed Somers for a moment and then said, “Let’s talk.”
Somers nodded. He got to his feet and followed Hazard, who still held the two coffees, towards a side door. They stepped out into the early summer morning; the smell of fresh-cut grass followed the buzz of a lawnmower—a block away, maybe two—and the stale cigarette smell that came from the plastic crate where every dumped their butts after a break. Hazard passed Somers a coffee.
Here it comes, Somers thought. This was when Hazard would say it wasn’t working out, and he was going to ask Cravens for a transfer. And Somers wouldn’t blame him. Hell, it had been such a fucking kid’s dream anyway—the idea that he could make up for being a twisted little shit in high school. The idea that he could make up for the past at all.
“You clean up pretty well,” Hazard said. “For a drunk, I mean. I wouldn’t have guessed. I didn’t see it yesterday.”
“Uh, this is all kind of new. Hasn’t been going on that long. I know I need to get it together, and I want you to know I will—”
“Let’s start over,” Hazard said. Those scarecrow eyes flashed to Somers and seemed to pin him in place. They were so intense, and in the morning light, they were full of golden fire. “I suck at this shit. At talking, I mean. But let’s just call it and start over, ok?”
“Yeah. Ok.” Somers paused, trying to figure out how to ask the next question discretely, but he couldn’t. He settled for blurting it out: “Why?”
“Because we’ve got a job to do, and we can’t do it like this. Not the way we are.”
“I want to tell you how sorry—”
“No. You apologize, and I’m going to break your neck, ok? I don’t want apologies. We forget about that shit. We move on. All right?”
Somers nodded, but deep down, he knew it wasn’t all right. The past stayed with you. The past was like poison, and it built up in you like poison, like lead in your tap water, until it killed you. It was all well and good for Hazard to say forget it, but Somers knew Hazard couldn’t forget—not with a letter carved into his chest. People couldn’t forget, not the really awful things. They carried the past with them, sharpened it like a knife, and when you weren’t looking, when you least suspected it, they cut your heart out. Hadn’t Cora taught Somers that?
“Did you take out my trash?” Somers asked, the question dropping out of his mouth before he’d thought about it.
To his surprise, Hazard looked away. “That place was a sty,” Hazard snapped. “So yeah, I took out your trash.”
“Oh. Thanks. What happened to your hand?”
“I fell,” Hazard said, his voice dropping dangerously low.
“While you were taking out my trash?”
“Somers?”
“Yeah?”
“You better drop it.”
Somers nodded and grabbed the door. “One thing, though.”
“Yeah?”
“This coffee sucks. You ever go to the—”
“If you say that bakery that Grames owns, I might shoot you.”
“Oh, Grames doesn’t own it. His mom sold it. But I was going to say the Caribou Coffee that’s up Market Street. You tried it?”
“No.”
“Tomorrow. On me.”
Hazard just grunted.
When they got back to their desks, Cravens opened her office door and called them in. Somers was unsurprised to see Ron McClinckie sitting in front of the desk. He still wore his uniform from the night before, and his thinning blond hair was dusted with soot.
“You look like shit,” Hazard said.
There was the old Hazard, Somers thought: all tact.
McClinckie patted at his face, as though searching for whatever Hazard had seen, and said, “Feel like it too.”
“Ron’s got an update for us,” Cravens said.
Somers had to grind his teeth to keep from speaking. He didn’t want the case; one way or another, it was going to go back to drugs—either a lab or a squatter who was using and forgot to put out a candle—and that meant Lender and Swinney should have it. Besides, he wanted to focus on the vandalism and assaults. It was the only thing that had made Hazard open up so far, and Somers wanted to make the most of that opportunity.
“It was arson,” McClinckie said. “Gasoline all over the place. Fire started in the kitchen; we think he lit the fire there because the kitchen is near the door, easy to get out once the fire started. Best guess on the time the fire started is around eleven-thirty, although it might have been a little later.”
“He?” Hazard asked.
McClinckie waved a furry hand. “He, she. The murderer.”
“Jesus,” Somers said.
“They found a body,” Cravens said. “Burned down to the bones, if you can believe it.”
“Adult male,” McClinckie said.
“ID?” Somers asked.
“No way to tell,” McClinckie said. “Not for us, anyway. But I can say this: whoever did this, he knew what he was doing. You can’t trust a fire, even a house fire, to get rid of a body like that. This guy made sure: lots of accelerant, lots of fuel, lots of oxygen. Made a damn funeral pyre.”
Hazard opened his mouth, but Somers beat him to the question. “Dental records?”
“Dr. Kamp is looking into it, but—
Hazard cut her off. “But without at least a possible ID, it’s like a needle in a haystack.”
Cravens nodded, and she didn’t look pleased at being interrupted.
Somers groaned. He knew Hazard was right; there was no central dental record database, no computerized way of searching for any possible matches. It was old-fashioned; they needed a name and only then could they start trying to match them—and that was only if they could get dental records. Most of the people in Smithfield didn’t have those. But the part that made him groan, though, was Kamp. Well, that and having Hazard interrupt the chief.
“Problem?” Hazard said.
“I’ll explain later,” Somers said, wishing he could keep the frustration from his voice. “So you’re telling me I’ve got a John Doe murder to deal with? I’m going after the Volunteers for the vandalism thing; you know that, Chief. Throwing this on top of it, well, like he said, it’s a needle in a haystack.”
“Then get out your magnifying glass, Detective.” Cravens looked at Hazard. “Anything you want to add?”
“Back burner.” Hazard tossed the words out like he was asking if anybody brought chicken salad for lunch. “We’ve got bigger stuff to do.”
“Excuse me?” Cravens said.
“From what I understand, you’ve got a string of vandalism and assault with hate crime as the motivation. A John Doe murder in Smithfield? Yeah, let’s work it, but let’s have some perspective.”
“I’m going to give you the benefit,” Cravens said in a measured voice, “of pretending you didn’t say that. You get that benefit once, Detective. You’d better not ever think or say something like that again. Not in my department. Are we clear? There’s only one perspective on murder in my department.”
Hazard frowned. “I don’t understand. You’ve got the mayor breathing down your neck on this. The college is probably looking for a reason to storm in and sweep you out of office. You’re putting the screws to us to get the hate crimes solved, but now you want us to pretend like this John Doe case has equal weight when we both know—”
“Jesus Christ,” Somers whispered, grabbing Hazard by the arm. “Shut up.”
“Somerset,” Cravens said, her face flushed with anger, “is this how you feel?”
“Chief, he’s new. And let me tell you, this is a misunderstanding. My partner and I would never—”
“Detective Hazard can speak for himself. Well?”
Hazard shrugged. He could feel Cravens’s anger like an avalanche burying him, but he didn’t care. This was Wahredua; it wasn’t the fucking NYPD. “I’m a pragmatist. You want something done, you tell us what you want done. But I’m not going to pretend—”
“That’s enough. Let me be perfectly clear, Detective Hazard: no one is pretending that the John Doe case is important. It is important. In fact, it’s just become the most important thing in your entire life. I’m going to want updates from you on this investigation every day. No, make that twice a day. And I would very much like those reports to reflect your earnest and sincere understanding of how very important this case—and all your cases—are. Otherwise, and this goes for both of you, I’ve got uniformed officers who will understand that I expect all cases to receive the same attention and diligence.”
By this point, Ron McClinckie had sunk into his chair and was pawing at his thinning hair. His hands left soot-streaks along the side of his head; he looked like a man who was ready to tunnel his way out if he couldn’t get to a door.
“What you’re saying,” Hazard began.
“What you’re saying,” Somers cut in, dragging Hazard to his feet, “is dead-on, Chief. We understand. Message received loud and clear. Reports twice a day. This is important; we take everything seriously. It was just a long night, you know, and—”
“That’s enough, Somers.”
“Right, Chief. Going to get started on this right now, Chief. Right now. We’ll check in this afternoon.”
“I’m not—” Hazard tried to say, but by then Somers had maneuvered Hazard into the bullpen and yanked the door shut. Behind them, he could already hear Cravens apologizing to McClinckie.
“Move your ass,” he whispered to Hazard.
“What?”
“Now,” Somers said, hauling him towards the door.
A moment later they cleared the building, but Somers didn’t slow down until they were driving away in the unmarked Impala. Then he gave Hazard a shove and said, “Are you a complete idiot?”
“What’s the problem?” Hazard said, flexing his huge arms so that his sleeves seemed in danger of splitting. “I don’t like being manhandled.”
“You don’t like it, huh? How would you like having your ass handed to you? Busted back down to patrol? Or out of a job?”
“Because I said what everybody was thinking?”
“Because you said something that is completely unethical, not to mention inappropriate and downright stupid.” Somers heaved a huge breath, trying to get his temper back under control. “You’ve got to watch what you say.”
Hazard grunted and looked out the window.
“I’m serious,” Somers said.
No response.
“You ever heard of politics?”
“I’m not an idiot.”
“Then don’t act like one; the fire chief is sitting in the room, and you whip out your dick and want to measure it?”
“I said what everybody was thinking. Even McClinckie was thinking—”
“It doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter if Jesus Christ Himself, capital H, were in that room and thinking it. You can’t say it.”
“Because of politics?”
“Because—” Somers took another huge breath and tried to let it out slowly. Their fresh start wasn’t feeling quite so fresh anymore. “Do you really not get this? Or are you making this hard for me?”
“I get it.” Hazard turned, and those scarecrow eyes pierced Somers again. “I just don’t give a fuck.”
“Fine,” Somers muttered. “It’s on your own head.”
“Yeah,” Hazard said without looking at him. “It is.”
“Maybe you could think about me, then? I look like shit too when you do this kind of stuff.”
Hazard made a noise in his throat; it was quiet, but it sounded like a laugh.
It was too early in the day for a drag-down argument, so Somers shook off the laugh and turned the car towards Newton Mortuary. The family-owned business, which had been in Wahredua for three generations and which competed, now, with a nationwide chain of funeral homes called Dear Departed, sat a few blocks north of the police station. Normally, Somers might have walked the distance, but today he’d been in such a hurry to get clear of Cravens that he’d gotten in the car without thinking.
“Funeral home?” Hazard asked as they pulled into the freshly repaved parking lot. 
The smell of asphalt filtered through the car vents and, when Somers opened the door, struck in force. “The ME has his office here; the old station was too small for a full lab and storage facility, and we didn’t have the money anyway. Once Dr. Kamp got set up here, there wasn’t really any point in moving him, especially when it would have cost a fortune to move things back to the station.”
“What’s the deal with Kamp? Even Cravens seemed to have a chip on her shoulder.”
“You’ll see.”
“Why don’t you just tell me?”
“Because my head is killing me and I already pulled your ass out of the fire once today.”
“I don’t need you to—”
Somers didn’t wait for him to finish; he swung his legs out of the car and headed towards the mortuary. Hazard caught up with him at the door. “I said I don’t need you to—”
Somers jerked the door open, letting out a wash of cold air and the lemon-smell of disinfectant. His skin prickled; it always prickled when he smelled that lemon disinfectant and when he felt the feathery cool of the mortuary. It was just air conditioner, he knew that, but it reminded him of, well, death. It reminded him of his Uncle Sal and his Aunt Vera, of Harriet Strauders, his middle school English teacher, and of Jeff Langham, who had killed himself in junior year and had been the only one, the only one in four years, who had died in their class. That had been strange, it really had, how Jeff had been fine, really fine. Everybody liked him. No, everybody loved him. God, he’d even been friends with Hazard, and back in high school that had taken a hell of a lot. Then, one day, Somers had been peeling off his socks after baseball, and he’d been thinking they were ruined—he’d slid into home and they’d ripped up his calf—and he’d looked up and seen his mom leaning against the faux wood paneling of their Chrysler LeBaron, head in her hands, sobbing, because she’d just learned—it spread like wildfire through the crowd at the high school game, everybody seemed to know at the exact same moment—that Jeff Langham had shot out the back of his head at the end of the gravel road that ran past the Bouche farm and ended at the bluffs over the Grand Rivere. 
Somers realized he was holding his breath, and he let it out and drew in another lungful of lemon disinfectant. His skin was still prickled. Every funeral in Somers’s life had been held here, and so his skin prickled like a goddamn cactus.
“You going to be sick again?” Hazard asked. “You’re all pale, you’ve got goose-pimples, and you—”
“I’m not going to be sick.” Somers paused and shook off a tiny shiver. “Hey, I just want to be clear about something. What happened back in Cravens’s office, it can’t happen again. If you don’t want to play the game, at least let me play it. You’ve got to listen to me, ok? For your own good, I mean.”
“I don’t have to do anything, Somers. You’d better remember that.”
Somers shook his head. “Never mind.” He cast about for something to break the tension—something to try, once more, to connect with Hazard, built the trust they needed as partners. Something from the past, maybe. Something that didn’t involve the shitty way Somers had treated Hazard. Something they had shared back then, the only tragedy that had hit their high school class. He let a moment pass, long enough for the tension to bleed out of the air, and then he clapped Hazard on the shoulder and nodded towards the mortuary chapel. “Hey, you ever think about Jeff Langham?”
Hazard froze as though he’d been glued in place. Then his head swiveled towards Somers. “That some kind of joke?”
Somers stared at Hazard, shocked at the look of crystallized rage in his partner’s face.
Before Somers could respond, a voice called from across the lobby, “Shut that door. You’re letting out the A/C.” It was Mrs. Newton, so old and bent and dried that she looked like a match for the broom she held.
“What’d I say—”
“You—” Hazard cut off, his anger seeming to choke him. He shook his head. “You know what? Forget it. All that stuff I said about a fresh start? Forget it. Same old fucking John-Henry.”
He strode across the lobby, barked a question at Mrs. Newton, and followed her pointed finger towards the ME’s office. Somers stared after him, trying to figure out what the hell had just happened.

Chapter 9
October 25
Tuesday
9:17am

Hazard knew he was moving, but it didn’t feel like walking. It felt like swimming. Or floating, maybe. Floating through this boiling red mist. Or maybe he was underwater. Maybe that was why he couldn’t hear a damn thing like the pressure had plugged up his ears. Maybe that was why his chest felt like it was caving in like his ribs were about to snap and skewer him. Jesus, maybe that was why he felt like he was drowning.
He knew he was moving, though, and he knew he wasn’t drowning. That was a big deal; you could feel like you were drowning, you could feel like you were going to be crushed, so long as you knew it was just a feeling. If you knew it was just a feeling, you could keep doing what you had to do. Well, for the most part. It was pretty damn hard—feeling or no feeling—not to turn around, right then, and pop Somers in the eye. But it wouldn't end there, Hazard knew. If he got started, he might not stop.
“Hey.”
The voice came from a great distance, and it was muted by the underwater pressure in Hazard’s ears. He kept moving down a cramped hall with peeling vinyl flooring, smelling—no, tasting—something rotten in his mouth. Smelling, yeah, smelling his own sweat, sweat and the summer-weight wool jacket, Jesus, he wanted to be sick.
“Hey.” A hand grabbed him.
It was Somers. And Hazard didn’t even think about it; he was bigger than Somers, stronger, and a hell of a lot meaner when it came down to bare bones. The blow was more of a swat than a real punch. The back of his hand collided with Somers’s chest, knocking the blond man back onto his heels and dislodging his hand from Hazard’s shoulder. Hazard started down the hall again, and then it was too much, that pressure in his ears, the feeling that his head was going to split, and he swung around. 
Grabbing Somers by the jacket, he took two steps and slammed his partner into cheap paneling. It rippled under Somers’s weight, and Somers’s face rippled too, shock crossing those exquisite features. He’s a heartbreaker, ladies, a real fucking heartbreaker. Right then, though, he looked terrified.
Hazard’s face felt hot and stinging like he’d stuck his head into a beehive. Was he going to cry? No. Fuck no. He hadn’t cried in ten years. He hadn’t cried since college, the night Alec LaTourneau, who was French-Canadian and Hazard’s first boyfriend, had gotten drunk and slapped Hazard around the apartment, first with his hand, then the belt, laughing because he liked making the bigger man jump. That was the last time. Hazard had sworn it would be the last time ever.
“You touch me again,” Hazard said, and the pitch of his voice was canting up and down like a sinking ship, “you shake my hand, you grab my sleeve, you so much as bump me in the mother-fucking hallway, and I will kill you. Do you understand me?”
“Man, talk to me. What’d I say? Was it—”
If Somers said Jeff’s name, if he even got it on his lips, Hazard didn’t know what he’d do. So Hazard shook Somers once, hard enough that a seam in Somers’s jacket ripped, and then Hazard said, “Stop talking. We’re done talking about anything except work.”
The transformation in Somers’s face took place over a matter of moments: first, there was a look of genuine pain, mingled with transparent, shining frustration. It was a look that made Hazard wonder, just for an instant, and second-guess himself. Then the pain and frustration transformed into a warm confidence that this was just a big misunderstanding.
“Yeah,” Somers said. Then, shrugging Hazard’s hands from his jacket, he repeated, “Yeah, man. I’m sorry. Really.”
Hazard kept eye contact for a moment longer, but in the end, he was the one who looked away first. What the fuck had he seen in Somers’s face? Had Somers truly been sorry? He had almost seemed . . . surprised, or even confused, but that wasn’t possible. Somers knew what had happened to Jeff Langham. Was Somers’s comment only meant as a cruel jab? Or had he mentioned Jeff’s name as a threat, to send a message about what could happen to Hazard? Unsure of what to do next, Hazard stumped down the hall, needing a moment away from his partner.
The shit at the bottom of it all, the thing that kept Hazard’s back stiff and his anger hot, was that he knew Somers knew what had happened to Jeff. Hazard had done some digging when he first became a detective. He’d requested the file from the Wahredua PD by making up bullshit about a similar set of circumstances in St. Louis. The file that had come back had been a page. One fucking page, that’s all they could spare for Jeff. But that page had held a key piece of information: a greengrocer’s wife, Ophelia Moree, had seen three boys talking to Jeff Langham in the late afternoon of the day he shot himself. No names were given, but Hazard recognized the descriptions: the three boys had to have been Mikey Grames, Hugo Perry, and John-Henry Somerset. 
So Hazard knew that Somers been part of it, just like Somers had held his arm when Mikey Grames had carved that G into Hazard’s chest. Just like Somers—
—in the locker room, the faint down on his arms golden in the fluorescent light—
—had shoved Hazard down the only flight of stairs in Wahredua High and said that’s what faggots deserve. Nobody had ever said anything about Jeff. The ME had ruled a suicide, and that was the end of that. But Jeff wouldn’t have killed himself, he wouldn’t have left Hazard alone, not unless something terrible had happened. And so Hazard needed to know. This was why he’d come back. This was why he was here. What had happened to Jeff Langham, who had been Hazard’s boyfriend for two short weeks in junior year? Two short weeks before Jeff swallowed a bullet. 
Hazard thought he knew—or at least, he thought he could guess—what had happened. Someone had found out about Jeff. Someone had told someone else. And underneath the placid surface of Wahredua High, the humiliation, the persecution, and the torture had driven Jeff to take his own life.
Was that what Somers was hinting at? That he knew something, that Hazard might be in the same kind of danger? Hazard wasn’t sure; everything had gone dark at the time of Jeff’s death. It had taken everything in Hazard not to follow the same short, brutal road out of Wahredua. And so he was sure he had missed things, missed the vital clues that might tell him what had happened. When Hazard had come back from that darkness—
—the locker room, and sweat beading on Somers’s collarbone, and then falling down those fucking stairs—
—everything had changed, and nobody would talk to Hazard about Jeff Langham. Nobody would talk to Hazard about anything.
But the worst part, the part that was building a scream in Hazard’s throat, building it brick by brick until Hazard felt like he was choking, until he yanked at his collar and at his tie and thought maybe this was what a panic attack felt like, the worst part was that Hazard had almost forgotten. He’d almost fallen for Somers’s act: the lie that Somers was friendly, that he was damaged, that he was reformed, that he was trying to make up for the past, that he was, at the end of it all, someone different than the John-Henry—
—in the locker room, inches away from Hazard, so hot he was fucking steaming, literally steaming from the shower, wisps of it rising from tan, toned muscle—
—who had shoved Hazard down the stairs and said that’s what faggots get. But Hazard wasn’t going to be fooled; he’d gotten a wake-up call today, just a moment ago. As soon as he’d fought back against Somers’s authority, as soon as he’d refused to play Somers’s game, Somers had come at him with the most awful thing he could think of: Jeff Langham. Hazard wasn’t an idiot; he knew a threat when he heard one.
With a start, Hazard realized that he’d reached the end of the hallway and was facing a metal-reinforced door. He tried the handle—locked—and saw the keypad bolted to the wall. Somers came up behind him, and Hazard noticed that, in spite of Somers’s look of nonchalance, he was careful to keep his distance from Hazard.
“You’ve got to put in the code,” Somers said.
And the way he said it like they were friends, like what had just happened down the hall was nothing but a bad patch and he was already willing to bump fists and be bros again, made Hazard think, very seriously, about attacking Somers right there.
“It’s the same code for everybody,” Somers said, trying for a dry smile. “Top security around here. Try to remember it. Or, if you want, I can write it down.” His grin widened and he punched in 1-2-3-4.
The lock clicked, and Hazard thrust the door open and pushed past Somers. On the other side, he found a room that didn’t look like any ME’s office Hazard had ever seen. Small, octagonal black-and-white tiles covered the floor and three-quarters up the walls. It was dingy tile; it probably hadn’t been scrubbed since it had been installed, and Hazard guessed it wouldn’t ever be scrubbed until after a nuclear winter wrapped up. There was a steel autopsy table that looked older than Calvin Coolidge—not, Hazard noted, stainless steel, but some other grade, with a reddish brown stain creeping along the closest corner and with a chipped, turquoise enamel that had probably been meant to protect it. Refrigerated drawers lined the far wall; one of the drawers was open, and sitting on the metal tray inside was a row of vodka bottles in varying states of emptiness. The bottles explained in part the office’s smell: a mixture of alcohol, vomit, and smoke. 
Completing the picture, a man slumped across a homemade desk—a plywood sheet set on two sawhorses of different heights, so that a computer monitor perched at a precarious angle on top. All Hazard could see of the man, who lay with his head tucked into the crook of his elbow, were three things: he was Caucasian; he had a mass of Einstein-like gray hair; and under his white lab coat, he was completely naked.
“That’s the ME?” In his shock, Hazard forgot his desire not to speak with Somers.
“Dr. Kamp,” Somers said, his voice pitched at normal volume even though the man at the desk was obviously sleeping.
“Should we . . . come back?”
“He’s fine.” Somers must have caught Hazard’s look of disbelief because he chuckled; the sound wasn’t quite right, not quite natural, but it was obvious Somers was determined to play as though their encounter in the hallway had never happened. “Watch.” He clapped his hands and shouted, “Fire, there’s a fire, run for your life.”
Kamp snorted; his hand twitched, catching a Cuervo bottle, which toppled and rolled and shattered on the filthy tile. Kamp didn’t move again.
“Jesus, how is this guy the ME?”
Somers shrugged, moving towards the desk. He shuffled through the papers as he spoke. “Kamp’s old-school, but he’s good. Genius, probably. And a local boy. Kind of a celebrity.”
“A naked drunk?” Hazard shrugged. “I guess that’s Wahredua’s finest.”
Without looking up, Somers pointed at the wall behind Kamp’s desk. Hazard studied the framed diplomas. Degrees from Harvard, University of Chicago, Johns-Hopkins. “This guy was a brain surgeon?”
“Worked out of LA for about a hundred years,” Somers said. He held up a stained folder with a triumphant noise and added, “He moved back here when he got too unsteady to keep performing surgery. It crushed him, I think. He turned into a drunk.”
“Takes one to know one, I guess.”
Somers flushed and continued, in a slightly less even tone, “When he’s sober, he’s good. Really good. He can look at whatever you bring him and give you what you need.”
“So what did he give us? That’s the report?”
Nodding, Somers flipped open the folder and scanned the paperwork. Then he swore and tossed it back on the desk.
“What?”
“All he’s got is the date and time and John Doe. Nothing. He hasn’t done a thing.” Somers leaned across the slanted desk and grabbed Kamp by the shoulder. “Wake up, you old tramp. Wake up and do your job.”
Kamp made a smacking noise and buried his head deeper in his elbow.
With a sigh, Somers finally gave up. “Never mind. Hey, what are you—”
Hazard ignored him, crossing to the row of refrigerated drawers and opening them one by one—and skipping the one that held Kamp’s vodka. When he found the one he wanted, he rolled out the tray. The black body bag was zipped shut, but the smoky, meaty scent from the previous night’s fire still managed to permeate the barrier. 
“You can’t—” Somers said.
Hazard yanked the zipper down and opened the bag.
Bones. Not even a skeleton—the intense heat, which had burned away flesh and sinew, had seen to that. What Hazard found was a bag of bones, jumbled together. Even the skull had come apart; rustling the bag, Hazard spotted the lower jaw, which had settled lower in the debris.
“Not much to see,” Somers said, joining him at the drawer.
In the face of death, Hazard’s anger receded—a fire tamped down at the back of his head. He studied the bones and let his brain begin to work. He liked his job. Oh, he didn’t like that people had to die. He didn’t like, for the most part, the people he worked with. But he liked the puzzle, the pitting of his brain and his will against what seemed unsolvable. And he liked justice. He would have liked, a hundred years ago, to see his man stick his head through a noose.
“This is going to be fucking impossible,” Somers groaned. “And thanks to you, we’ve got twice-daily reports. How fast can you write up a report that says we found nothing and did nothing?”
“Stop being a baby.”
“Excuse me?”
“You heard me. You’re acting like a child. You’re a detective, right?”
Hazard didn’t look, but he could feel Somers’s glare.
“Well?”
“Yes, I’m a fucking detective.”
“So start thinking like one.”
Somers muttered something.
“What was that?”
“Don’t push me, Hazard. You might have gotten all those muscles since high school, and you like those shirts that look like you’re going to pop out of them, but deep down you’re not that different.”
“What the hell does that mean?”
“It means I know you’re not a bully, so stop acting like one.”
Hazard blinked and tried to confine his surprise.
“All right,” Somers said, scrubbing the back of his head. “We go back to Smithfield. We look at the trailer, or what’s left of it, and we start canvassing. I worked Smithfield for five years; I’ve still got some people I know.”
Hazard studied the bones; he wasn’t a doctor and had no university training in anatomy, physiology, or medicine, but he’d spent enough time on the job that he knew a few things. “Why do you kill someone and then burn them?”
“We don’t know he was dead first. If it even is a he.”
“It is. Bone size. And the pelvis—see, here.”
“Damn,” Somers said sourly, “anything you don’t know? Besides, I mean, how to talk to the chief of police?”
Hazard ignored that. “Why do you burn a body—whether he was dead before the fire or not?”
“Torture.”
“With that much accelerant? With that much preparation to make sure the body burned down to bone?”
“Because you don’t want someone to identify the body.”
Hazard nodded. “Exactly.”
“So we look at missing people.” Somers scrubbed at the back of his head again. “Two problems with that.”
“What?”
“If these are Ozark people—and I’m not just talking about the Volunteers, I’m talking about any of the backcountry people—they might not report someone missing. Even if I showed up on their front door, asking about someone in particular, they might not tell me. No, let me say that again: they definitely wouldn’t tell me. We should talk to Upchurch, too; he has contacts in the Volunteers, maybe he could tell us something through back channels.”
“What’s the other problem?”
“Smithfield people—I’m talking most of them—won’t have anyone to report them missing. Serial killers target that kind, right? People that disappear and nobody cares. That’s Smithfield from top to bottom. I’ll talk to my contacts, like I said, but they won’t know everyone, and they might not tell me if they did.”
“You didn’t even want this case, and now you’re turning it into a serial killer?”
“I was making a point.”
Hazard nodded; inside the cool cocoon of work, he could recognize that Somers made good points. Somers knew the area, he knew the people, and, more than that, he knew how to talk to people. All skills essential to a detective—and all skills that Hazard didn’t have. He found himself admitting, silently, that he was going to need his partner. And a part of him wished he had listened to Somers back at the station. Why, Hazard asked himself for the millionth time, do I manage to be such an asshole when it matters?
So for the moment, he’d make use of Somers—right up until he could jump ship and get a transfer.
“Let’s go to Smithfield,” Hazard said.

Chapter 10
October 25
Tuesday
10:45am

Somers guided the car back into Smithfield. He played it cool—or as cool as he could manage, with his head still pounding so hard he thought his brain was going to leak out his ears—and he tried to keep things light. He’d screwed up somehow by mentioning Jeff Langham. He’d sent Hazard into a rage. On anybody else, Somers would have called it a killing rage. 
A dark panic flickered deep inside Somers, like a candle about to blow out. What was that all about? Did Hazard know the truth? If he did, how much? Somers racked his brain and couldn’t come up with anything. There was only the single-page report in the department records, and it hadn’t mentioned any names, but Somers knew that didn’t matter. Hazard was smart. Very smart. If he dug deep enough—Somers gave a mental shake, throwing off the dangerous thoughts. It had been a long time ago, and everything about the suicide had been hushed up. Buried along with Jeff Langham. That part of Somers’s life was over, and he wasn’t going to let it control him. And why did Hazard care so much? Had Hazard been—
—boyfriends—
—friends with Jeff?
As the town shifted around them, with the red brick buildings dropping into clapboard houses, with neatly trimmed yards giving way to rusted expanses of chain-link and weed-choked sidewalks, with trash mounded along the street like old victory monuments, Somers tried to make small talk, and Hazard wouldn’t have any of it. The more Somers tried, the more Hazard seemed to shut down. The other man’s anger was hardening, settling into an icy shell. His dark, brooding good looks were fixed towards the window. A lock of his long hair had slipped down over his forehead and hung in front of his eyes.
And for the hundredth time in the last two days, Somers asked himself why he was trying to so hard. Why did it matter if Emery Hazard hated his guts? Why did he care if Hazard thought he was still the same piece of shit he’d been back in high school? Somers hadn’t seen Hazard in fourteen, fifteen years. Somers had gone to college. He’d grown up. He’d seen a bigger world, with bigger and better ideas, and he’d come back to find Wahredua growing bigger and better too. He’d been a stupid kid, but he wasn’t that kid anymore.
That was part of the answer. Another part was that John-Henry Somerset liked people, and he wanted people to like him. He knew, just below the surface of conscious thought, that he was funny and likable and good-looking. He expected people to like him; it was normal, natural, it was just a thing that happened. Everyone liked him—everyone, that was, except Emery Hazard. It had pissed off Somers in high school, and he was starting to realize that it still bothered him. It didn’t make sense, especially when Somers was now going out of his way to be likable.
But the deep-down part of Somers, the part that crept out at night and stared him eye to eye when he couldn’t sleep in the early hours, that part told Somers that the rest of it was more or less bullshit, that the only reason Emery Hazard mattered to Somers was because Emery Hazard was a way of proving that Somers had changed, that the past could be redeemed. It was a pretty simple equation, even if Somers rarely allowed him to express it clearly: if he could make things right with Hazard, if he could prove that he could atone for the past with the kid he had tortured—
—with his hand on Emery’s neck in the locker room, feeling the wiry boy’s pulse like a hummingbird under his palm, feeling the mist of condensation on his skin, feeling something dangerously unsettled in his own chest, like the world had tipped over and spilled everything sideways—
—back in high school, if John-Henry Somerset could do those things, then he could make things right with Cora too. That, at least, was what he told himself when the world was at its darkest.
“You worked this part of town?” Hazard said, his rough, deep voice breaking Somers’s thoughts.
“Yeah.”
“Tough spot.”
Somers shrugged.
“That how you made detective?”
“Part of it.”
Hazard nodded, his dark eyebrows knitted in anger or thought or some other dark, stormy emotion typical of Emery Hazard. The loose lock of hair—too long, almost, for a detective—still lay across his forehead. It was at odds with the rest of Hazard’s neat, tightly controlled appearance. It made him look almost boyish.
“What are you smiling about?” Hazard asked in a dangerous voice.
“Nothing.” Somers pointed ahead. “Start at the trailer?”
Hazard nodded.
By daylight, the street—Villanova—looked like any other part of Smithfield. Two brick buildings stood like bookends on one side of the block; one had crumbled inwards, leaving a single wall standing, while the other looked more or less intact. The rest of the block was made up of prefabricated housing and single-wide trailers, all in various states of disrepair. A matted tangle of trash and weeds choked the curbs. Somers pulled the car to a stop and got out.
The police cordon was still in place, and for a moment, Somers thought the scene had been abandoned. As he and Hazard approached, though, a bull-necked man strode from around the side of the trailer. He was wearing a blue Wahredua FD t-shirt and jeans, and Somers knew him—he’d been three years ahead in high school and wrestled all the way to state. Redgie Moseby changed course when he saw them and stuck out a thick hand.
“Redge,” Somers said. “You know Hazard? Emery Hazard, went to school—”
“I know him.” Redgie, normally friendly, was wearing a sneer, and he bit off the words.
Somers waited; he could feel Hazard’s tension—the man was always coiled like a spring, it seemed—but nothing came of it.
“You here all day?” Somers asked.
“Somebody’s got to keep it sealed. Fucking arson scene, you know? Could be weeks of digging through that shit-heap, and got to have a real live person here the whole time. Fucking nightmare.”
“You got the sign-in? We caught it, and we wanted to take a look.”
Redgie grunted and jerked his head towards a truck parked nearby. “Can’t really go inside; most of the floor is burned through, and what’s left isn’t stable. We’re going to have to get scaffolding, go through the whole thing inch by inch.” He retrieved a clipboard and shoved it at Hazard, somehow managing to ignore Hazard while doing so. “You caught it, huh? Shit luck for you.”
Somers fought to keep anger out of his voice. “Yeah, bad luck.”
As though Somers hadn’t answered, Redgie’s gaze drifted to Hazard, and his sneer deepened. Redgie didn’t have to say what he was thinking; everybody for about three blocks could have read it off his face.
But, Redgie being Redgie, he spoke anyway. “You really a cocksucker—”
Somers didn’t let him finish. He grabbed a handful of Redgie’s shirt, popped Redgie once in the nose, and when Redgie stumbled in shock, he marched Redgie backward to the edge of the cordon. Somers popped him twice more and then let Redgie fall. Adrenaline tingled all over him like Somers had dipped his toes in lightning, and he stared at Redgie’s bloody face.
“You stay on that side of the cordon,” Somers said, his voice sounding loud even in his own ears, “until you’re not bleeding anymore. We don’t want any contamination.”
Redgie—big, old, state-wrestling Redgie—stared up at Somers in shock.
Somers flashed him a smile. “You ever talk about my partner like that again, I’ll do more than twist your nose. You tell every other fucking redneck the same thing, all right?”
By now, Redgie’s face was coloring, and he looked ready to charge.
“If you try to get up,” Somers said, “I’ll put you back down. Understand me?”
Redgie didn’t answer, but he stayed down.
“Well?”
“I heard you.”
“What are you going to tell all the other jerk-offs?”
It took a moment, but finally Redgie said, “He’s your partner.”
“All right, Redgie. We’ll give you the clipboard after we sign out. Stay here, right? Until you get yourself cleaned up.”
Somers didn’t wait for an answer; he headed back to Hazard, took the clipboard, and scribbled his name and time in.
Hazard was staring at him.
“What?”
“Don’t do that.”
Tucking the clipboard under one arm, Somers crossed the lot towards the trailer. A set of portable metal steps had been erected by the fire department, and Somers climbed to where he could see into the burnt wreckage.
Hazard was only a step behind him, and he grabbed Somers arm and turned him. “I’m serious. Don’t do that. I don’t need anyone fighting my battles for me.”
Somers snorted. “Fighting your battles? Trust me. I’m not fighting any battles for you—you look like you can take care of yourself just fine.”
“What you just did—”
“What I just did was what any good partner would have done. That’s what this is, right? We’re partners?”
“Yeah,” Hazard said. “But—”
“Then that’s all there is to it.”
For a moment, Somers waited for Hazard to say something else, to object or protest or complain or, more likely, to take a swing. Instead, something passed under Hazard’s icy mask—a ripple, or maybe a tremor, like something coming just before an earthquake. And then it was gone.
“Can I have that back?” Somers said, glancing at his arm.
“Oh.” Hazard flinched and peeled back his fingers. Then, in a voice so muffled Somers barely heard, “Sorry.”
Holy hell, Somers wanted to shout. An apology from Emery Hazard? But all he did was shrug and turn his attention back to the burnt-out trailer.
After a moment, Hazard stepped up next to him, their shoulders rubbing together. Somers thought back to the threat of an hour before—if you so much as bump me in the hallway, wasn’t that it?—and fought a smile. Well, maybe he was making a little progress.
When Hazard spoke, it was with the same crisp, cool detachment he had shown in the mortuary. “The barrel,” he said, pointing to a circle of twisted metal at the center of the trailer. “That’s where the accelerant was stored. It must have had a lot of it—what did McClinckie say they used?”
“Paint thinner, I think. Mineral spirits?”
Hazard nodded. “It kept the fire going even when they tried to put it out. Kept it hot, too.”
“Hot enough to make sure the body was destroyed.”
“Exactly what the killer wanted.” Hazard pointed. “What’s that?”
On one of the remaining scorched floorboards, melted plastic made an irregular puddle.
Somers shrugged. “A kid’s toy? I don’t know. Look at all the shit in there: the stove, the microwave—that looks like it’s from the eighties, can’t believe I can still recognize it—that was the sofa, you can see some of the springs.”
“But that’s close to the barrel.”
“You think that’s where it started?”
Hazard shrugged. “It just seems strange.”
With a nod, Somers took another look at their crime scene. Once the fire department gave them clearance, they’d begin processing it for fingerprints and any other trace material evidence; until then, the best they could hope for was that it didn’t rain.
They stood there for a few more minutes. The day was already hot, and the sweltering air stuck to Somers’s skin, pasted his shirt under his arms, and made him wish for a cold beer. The smell of burned meat and overheated metal lingered near the wreckage, and Somers’s stomach turned queasy. Then, on an eddy of fresh air, he smelled Hazard’s sweat and the clean, shampoo-smell of his hair.
“Ready?” Somers asked.
They signed out of the scene and, as they made their way to the car, Somers waved the clipboard at Redgie and dropped it on the grass. Redgie, who was now holding a wadded napkin to his nose, gave them the finger, but he didn’t cross the cordon. Maybe he was taking seriously the warning about contaminating the crime scene. Or maybe he didn’t want to tangle with both of them.
“What now?” Hazard asked as they approached the Impala.
“Now we look for someone I know.”
They got into the car, and Somers cranked the air condition. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Hazard catch a glimpse of himself in the glass. One of Hazard’s hands straightened the fallen lock of hair, and just like that, Hazard was back to his perfectly groomed GQ look.
“What are you smiling about?” Hazard asked, echoing his earlier question with slightly less heat.
“Nothing,” Somers said, no longer trying to hide his amusement, and pulled away from the curb.

Chapter 11
October 25
Tuesday
11:23am

The thing about John-Henry Somerset, Hazard thought, was that he was confusing as hell. Somers was driving them through Smithfield, his eyes fixed out the windshield as he looked for contacts, his attention finally diverted from Hazard. It was like a weight off Hazard’s shoulders, not having Somers’s attention. There was something about the way Somers looked at him, something about his eyes. Hazard had gone to Cancun last year, a birthday present for Billy, and he’d never seen water like that before—well, never seen it anywhere but the movies. Somers had eyes like that, blue you could dive into, and blue like in the movies. Cancun, yes, that had been fun. The sun shattering against the white sand, the feel of Billy’s skin under his own, the heat everywhere, but especially inside, like someone had shoved his internal thermostat up twenty degrees. Cancun with Billy. Billy, who was Hazard’s boyfriend. So why the hell, Hazard asked himself, am I thinking about that kind of heat, about Cancun and the sun and blue water, when John-Henry Somerset looks at me?
That was the most embarrassing part, the fact that Hazard couldn’t bring himself to hate Somers—not the way he knew he should have. After—
—the locker room—
—everything that had happened in high school, Hazard knew he should have hated Somers. Hell, after the way Somers had talked about Jeff Langham, Hazard knew he should have hated him. And, in a way, Hazard did hate him. 
But it was a complicated, mixed-up way because John-Henry Somerset was confusing as hell. He was hot, yes, but more than that, he was . . . sweet. Almost desperately eager to make Hazard happy, except for the times he was trying to piss him off. And then, out of the clear blue, Somers did something like punch Redgie Moseby in the face, and all that work Hazard had done to hate him went up like gunpowder at the first spark. Why the hell, Hazard wanted to know, was coming home so hard?
At that moment, Somers pulled the Impala to the curb and killed the engine. They were sitting opposite the Bordello, that ancient Victorian structure that, when Hazard had been a boy, had held an obscene allure. He remembered, again, the woman who had offered to blow him for twenty cents and he remembered his terror at the offer—terror because she was a stranger and terror, too, because she was a woman and he hadn’t understood, not really, why that made the offer particularly repulsive.
“You ever sneak in there?” Somers asked, tilting his head. “Kids called it the—”
“Bordello.”
“So you did sneak in there.” Somers was grinning. “You get caught?”
It took half a moment for Hazard to remember that talking to Somers about anything besides work was a bad idea. He shrugged and said, “You’ve got a contact in there?”
“Maybe. You know, I snuck in there. Just once. You know Patrick Foley?”
Hazard didn’t answer.
Somers went on, apparently undisturbed by the silence. “Well, his older brother, his name’s Conor, he was a few years older than us, and he kept bragging about all the girls he slept with, you know, high school boy stuff, probably never did anything but jerk off in bed, you know? Anyway, he had us convinced that we could come down here and get a girl for five bucks.”
Twenty cents, Hazard thought.
“So Patrick and I came down one night, it was probably nine o’clock but it felt like midnight, like the middle of the night, and we went right up to the door and knocked. Something—well, it sounded like it was running, like something was coming for us, and we ran faster than hell. Patrick screamed, you know, even if you wouldn’t believe it looking at him now. When we got to the other side of the street, we heard laughter. I turned back.”
“Conor?” Hazard said in spite of himself.
“And his buddies. They just about peed themselves they were laughing so hard. They got up, they were pointing at us, calling us pussies, you know. Same old shit. But the best part was when a big old owl flew down from that window,” Somers pointed to the Bordello’s upper floor, “and just about landed in Conor’s hair. Conor and his buddies took off running like they had the devil after them. By the time we caught up to them, Conor really had peed himself. He was that goddamn scared. Served the bastard right.”
To his own surprise, Hazard barked a laugh. Then, with a rush of anger at himself and at Somers—Hazard had the vague feeling that Somers had somehow tricked him into laughing—Hazard said, “All right. Are we here to do some work or tell stories?”
“We can do both,” Somers said with that same smile, with that same goddamn cool. “Come on.”
The day had only grown hotter while they were driving around, but at least the air here was relatively fresher. Instead of the burnt meat smell from the trailer, this portion of Smithfield carried only the odor of hot asphalt and the dusty pollen of the overgrown weeds. Down the street, voices were raised in excitement, and Hazard saw a group of young men clustered around young women—the young women, he could tell even from a distance, had a definite advantage—and further down the block, an elderly woman sat in a folding chair under a maple tree. In the late morning, the only signs of Smithfield’s violence and poverty were the crumbling buildings, the sparkle of broken glass, and the overgrown, abandoned lots.
“Why the Bordello?” Hazard asked as they crossed the street.
“The lady’s home.”
“What?”
With one hand, Somers indicated an enormous straw hat, the kind with huge ribbons that hung down on either side and were meant to be tied under the wearer’s chin. Right then, the ribbons were tied around the porchlight, and the straw hat drifted gently in the breeze.
“You’re telling me someone wears that?”
“Oh God, yes. You can spot the lady from a mile away, most days.”
“Who is this lady?”
Somers pushed open the Bordello’s door, and for one heart-stopping moment, Hazard was a small boy again, thin, weak, vulnerable. In that moment, fear washed up over him, black and icy-cold, and it took everything in him to remember that the past was past, and that he was a grown man, and that this was just an old house.
“You coming?” Somers asked, concern in his voice.
Hazard growled something—even he wasn’t sure what he said—and pushed past him.
“Be careful,” Somers called after him. “The floor’s rotted through in parts.”
But Hazard barely heard him. The Bordello had all the faded opulence that he had imagined as a child, although stripped to its bones by time and squatters. Where brass light fixtures had once hung, jagged holes marred the lath and plaster walls, and the flooring had been scraped and scoured. Doors had been pried from their hinges—some of the doors lay on the floor, others had disappeared. Charred rings marked where fires had been built, some of them many times. But underneath all of it, noticeable in spite of the smell of dust and old wood and dry-rot, was the house’s original beauty.
It’s just a house, Hazard told himself. Just an old house like any other. But his pulse had accelerated, and he remembered what it had felt like to cross the street while Hollace Walker watched from safety, what it had felt like to approach the Bordello, and the grotesque horror of seeing the woman—she had seemed so old, so dirty, so wrung-out by life. And God damn it, Hazard told himself again, it’s just a goddamn house, but that didn’t slow his pulse, it didn’t slow it at all.
“Lady,” Somers called. “Hey-o, Lady.”
The only answer was the echoes that bounced back from the empty rooms.
“This is a bad place to go into without backup,” Hazard said, pausing halfway down the hall. “Lots of open doors. Lots of places for people to jump out. Can’t secure a goddamn inch of it.”
“We’re not breaking into a Mafia fortress,” Somers said with his lazy, lolling grin. “We’re walking through an old whorehouse. Jesus, you look wired. Are you all right?”
Hazard didn’t bother answering. He strode deeper into the Bordello, past the gaping holes in the plaster, past the curlicues of hanging wire, into the dusty, sunless hall. Drawing his .38, he began clearing the rooms as he passed them: soiled mattress, a pyramid of broken chairs, a tarnished brass gong that captured his wavery reflection, and on and on, past peeling wallpaper printed with lilacs—thick, old, almost clothlike wallpaper, stuff they hadn’t made in a hundred years, and it filled the air with its rotting must—until Hazard passed the broken tiles of the kitchen and saw a rectangle of sunlight and fresh air. He fought the urge to run.
“Nobody here,” he said, jamming the .38 back into his shoulder holster.
“She’s probably upstairs.” Somers studied Hazard, and then he added, “You stay here, all right? Keep this locked down while I go up and look for her.”
Hazard considered the offer. “You think I’m afraid.
“That’s not what I—”
“Screw that.”
Hazard shoved past Somers and started up the back stairs. They didn’t creak under his weight, but they did flex—a rubbery, stretching movement like the wood was on the point of dissolving. Jesus, Hazard thought. Just plain old Jesus, this was ridiculous. He cleared the second floor in the same way, the .38 in his hand, his finger resting outside the guard, past a room with a fireplace that held a single, enameled poker and what looked like the burned remains of a wedding dress, and then a room where a shifting, buzzing mass of flies covered something on the ground—size of cat, Hazard’s brain computed, a scrawny one maybe—and the reek of decay made Hazard’s nose tingle, and on and on, until he reached a closed door at the end of the second floor.
He threw a glance at Somers, who had looked embarrassed for Hazard and who was trying to hide that embarrassment. Well, screw him. Hazard nodded at Somers and raised his gun.
With a sigh, Somers drew a semiautomatic from a holster at the small of his back. He nodded, but he didn’t look happy.
Hazard ignored him; he opened the door and swung easily into the room, the .38 still low, but his hand ready to come up at a moment’s notice. Two steps into the room, though, Hazard stopped. An older woman stood at the window, naked from the waist up, her dark skin shining in the sunlight. She leaned on the sill, the folds of skin at her waist overflowing her skirt, her breasts dangling until they almost touched the glass. After a cool, casual glance over her shoulder at Hazard, she turned her attention back to the street.
“Morning, Lady,” Somers said, already tucking the pistol back into its holster. “You ready for visitors, or you want me to wait outside?”
“Who’s that drink,” she said, her voice warm and scratchy and thick with a drawl, “of tall, dark, and handsome?”
“This is my new partner. Lady Mabbe, meet Detective Hazard. Hazard, meet Lady Mabbe.”
Lady Mabbe cast another glance at Hazard, and he realized that she was older than he had realized—sixty, maybe seventy. Her short, curly hair was mostly white, and age spots peppered her complexion. She smiled, gave her tush a little shake, and then swung around with no sign of discomfort or embarrassment.
“A lady has a right to privacy, John-Henry.”
“Didn’t mean to barge in on you, Lady. You know how this place is—anything could be going on behind closed doors.”
With a waggle of her eyebrows, Lady Mabbe cackled and said, “You are a wicked boy. Tremendously wicked, making a wicked, lasciviously wicked comment like that.”
“I can’t help it,” Somers said with that smile, that knock-out smile, the one that could level a roomful of debutantes. “You’re just too pretty.”
“Good Lord,” Hazard said, jamming the .38 into its holster. “She’s your source?”
“She’s Lady Mabbe, queen of Smithfield.”
“Shouldn’t she be Queen Mabbe, then?”
Somers winced, but before he could speak, Lady Mabbe snapped, “You know what a queen is? In the old days, that meant a whore. I know all about that. You think I don’t know, nobody thinks I know, but I know all about what words mean. People say things like that to get at you. They say them to put a woman in her place, a word like that.”
“He didn’t know,” Somers said, putting a restraining—or was it protective?—hand on Hazard’s chest. Hazard remembered his earlier threat, what he’d do to Somers if he ever touched Hazard again, and he forced the thought away. “Hazard’s new, he’s—”
“He ain’t new. He’s as old as they come. That’s Frank and Aileen’s boy, isn’t it?”
Somers glanced at Hazard.
Hazard pushed Somers’s hand away. “You know my parents?”
“I knew your parents,” Lady Mabbe said, drawing herself up in a show of indignant anger, her breasts swaying pendulously. “And I know they didn’t raise no door-crashing, boot-stomping, gun-swinging thug to burst in on a lady’s chamber. Or,” she added after a moment’s thought, “to go around saying queen to decent women like he’s creamed corn, like he’s never spread his legs for the first fancy boy to come along.”
This time, Somers let out an actual groan.
“Now,” Lady Mabbe said, folding her hands like a girl about to recite a poem. “You boys polish your boots and straighten your jackets. First, you can kneel—John-Henry, you should know better—and then, when I’ve heard your petition, I may be considerate enough to approach the dais. The royal audience is a boon that is not bestowed on many.” She wagged a finger at them, her drawl stretching out the words. “You boys have a lot to scraping and licking to do before this old cat’s going to cast the royal eye upon you with favor.”
“Cast the royal eye?” Hazard growled, glaring at Somers. “What the hell is this?”
“Just play along,” Somers said.
“You want me to kneel down to this—to this—”
“Hazard, listen to me, she’s pulling your chain. If we play along—”
“No,” Hazard said. “You listen to me.” He crossed the room and snatched up a black rayon blouse, which he thrust at the old woman. “I’m done with whatever game this is. No kneeling. No licking. No royal eye, whatever the hell that is. Put that on and close up your front window. No, don’t speak. Shut your mouth. We’re going down to the station, where you’re going to answer some questions.”
“Hazard,” Somers said.
“What did you say to me?” Lady Mabbe said, her voice rising an octave, her nails curling towards her palms. Very long nails, Hazard noticed. Very sharp-looking nails. “You come into my chamber, Frank and Aileen’s son, and you say queen and you say it straight to my face, no regard, no respect, nothing but that gun to make you a man, and you touch the royal robes like you’re pulling panties off the rack at Piggly-Wiggly and—”
“Just a sec, Lady,” Somers said. “Hazard, can I talk to you? Out in the hall?”
“What screwed up joke is this?” Hazard said, glancing from Lady Mabbe to Somers. “You go along with this? You let her talk to you like you’re—”
“Like you’re exactly what you are,” Lady Mabbe screeched. “Nothing but a hungry hound, ready to spread—”
“That’s enough,” Somers said, putting steel into his voice. “Hazard, out in the hall? Right now?”
Shaking his head, Hazard followed his partner out into the hall. As soon as Somers had shut the door, Lady Mabbe burst into a rant—it sounded, even through the wood, like a discourse on all the injustices ever perpetrated against her dignity.
“You’ve got to be joking,” Hazard said. “That’s your idea? To talk to some batshit old lady who thinks she’s the—”
“Don’t say it.”
“—queen of Smithfield.”
Somers sighed. “I asked you not to—”
“Oh shut up, Somers. Queen hasn’t meant whore since, God, I don’t know, Shakespeare. She read it in a book somewhere and she’s fixated on it, but it doesn’t mean anything like that now. Christ, she called you by your first name. And we’re just as crazy as she is, playing her games when we should be out looking for someone who actually knows something. Not—not—”
Hazard ran out of words then, but he wanted to say more; he could feel it steaming under the surface.
For his part, Somers looked like he was trying really, really hard to think of something. Probably, Hazard thought, a way to get Hazard out of the way.
“Listen, I got a call while we were coming in here. From the station. Why don’t you take a minute, cool down, and check in? See what they want.”
“Don’t patronize me.”
“I’m not patronizing you,” Somers said, flashing that smile again. “But you and Lady Mabbe didn’t exactly hit it off. And I know you don’t think I’m very good at my job, but you should trust me on this: Lady Mabbe knows everything that goes down in Smithfield.”
An uncomfortable moment of silence followed, and Hazard said, “I never said you weren’t—”
“I know, man. It’s ok. It’s all over your face. But just—things are different, right? This is a small town. We have to live with these people, rub elbows, you know? It’s not big enough to do the anonymous tough cop routine, right?”
“So we’re not tough?”
“Oh, we’re tough as fucking nails. We just have to be good old boys about it.” And there it was again, that smile like a hundred thousand dollars.
“This is ridiculous,” Hazard said again, although he couldn’t muster the same force as earlier. Somers made a good point, even if Hazard didn’t want to admit it. “Listen, I can go in there, I can get what we need—”
“Jesus God no.” Somers took a breath. “I mean, no, let me handle this. Ok?”
Hazard managed a nod.
“You call and check in?”
“I don’t need you coming up with busywork—”
“Come on, man. Somebody’s got to call.”
“Fine,” Hazard snapped.
Somers grinned at him, cocked his head toward the stairs, and waited until Hazard took a few steps away before slipping back into Lady Mabbe’s “chambers.”
Hazard tromped down the hall, past the something-the-size-of-a-cat corpse, past the half-burned wedding dress, until he stood at the top of the stairs. He took a deep breath and realized his hand was hurting. Aching, really, was a better word—the tape was peeling, and Hazard found himself thinking about how stupid he’d been the night before.
It happened every time he opened his mouth: things went sideways. He could think the words, and they’d sound just fine in his head, but as soon as he started talking everything seemed to go wrong. Like it had with Somers last night. Like it had with Cravens this morning. Like it had right now with Lady Mabbe. Best practice, he reminded himself, was to keep his fat mouth shut about everything that wasn’t work.
The phone rang twice before someone picked up at the station. On the other end of the line came a voice with all the strength and resilience of talcum powder. “Wahredua PD,” the man said. “Officer Murray speaking. How can I help you?”
“This is Detective Hazard. Detective Somerset told me he’d received a call from the station. He asked me to check in for any messages.”
From the other end came a slobbery, chewing sound, and then that powdery voice again. “You’re that new detective.”
“That’s right. Are there any messages, because I need to—”
“Hazard. That’s what you said, isn’t it?”
“Yes.” Hazard gritted his teeth. “Listen, I’ve got my partner in the other room, and I—”
“Now, I remember back in 1946 when a Hazard moved into these parts. Hold on. Was it 1946? Or was it 1947?”
“I don’t know. Officer Murray, if you could—”
“It was 1946,” Murray interrupted with dusty triumph. “And I remember because that was the year Georgia Devereaux grew a tomato the size of a tire, and they put it at the Devereaux Ford dealership, right so it covered up one of the tires of a show car, and one of the girls on the floor wrote ‘46 and Fabulous.’” Murray’s voice dissolved, and when it came back, it was muddled. “Or was it ‘47 and Fabulous?’”
“The messages, old man. I don’t have time to listen to you ramble on about tomatoes and car tires and showgirls and God only knows what else. Somebody called for Somers. What the hell did they want?”
A long silence followed, and when it came back, Murray’s voice was huffy. “Never had another cop talk to me like that. Not in forty-five years on the force. Not once.”
“Do you have a message for me or don’t you?”
“All right, all right. Not once, mind you. Not even Triple Jimmy, and he had a temper like the devil with the three-week itch. Not even—”
“The message,” Hazard managed in a strangled tone.
“All right then. Fellow of the name Flores. Called about ten times for that new detective. The one with Somerset. I’ve got his name here. Let me see.”
Hazard disconnected the call. It was either disconnect the call or let himself slide, irrevocably, into insanity because of the old man. Then, shoving the phone into the pocket, he processed what Murray had just told him. Not the nonsensical tomato story, but the message: Nico Flores had been calling, trying to reach Hazard. Hazard felt a tingle along his backbone. It might be a lead. It might be—
—a date, and Jesus, what would Billy say, what did it matter, he needed to call Billy—
—a break in the case. Yeah, that was it. Flores had information. Something big had happened with the vandalism case, that was it. But that didn’t explain the flurry of butterflies in Hazard’s stomach.
Still turning over the message in his head, Hazard made his way back to Lady Mabbe’s room. As he pushed open the door, he heard laughter. Bright, genuine, warm laughter. It was Somers. And Lady Mabbe was laughing too, laughing with an unreserved openness that made Hazard hesitate, stop, and listen from behind the door.
“And when that young man had finished,” Lady Mabbe was saying, “I told him either he had to put the pants on or the pig did, but I wasn’t getting out of bed until everyone was decent.”
Somers burst into another roar of laughter; he sounded so . . . comfortable. There was none of the restraint that marked how he spoke to Hazard. None of the unspoken, underlying caution, like a man petting a wild dog. This was Somers at his best, Hazard realized. This was what Somers did well: he was good with people.
“You really are a terrible old woman,” Somers said, still chortling between breaths. “What would my mother say if she knew I was talking to you?”
“Your mother,” Lady Mabbe said with what sounded like mock-irritation, “is on too many church committees and ladies’ benefits and charity boards. It’s stuffed her and starched her so she doesn’t bend an inch. I remember when she used to be fun.”
“Oh yeah? I’d like to hear about that. Or maybe I wouldn’t, come to think of it.”
“It’s none of your business,” Lady Mabbe said primly. Then, her voice dropping into seriousness, she said, “You’re here about that fire, aren’t you? You better tell me straight, John-Henry.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Lady Mabbe let out a heavy breath. “I seen the whole thing, my golden boy. I seen it with these two eyes.”
Somers spoke with audible excitement. “You really did? This isn’t something you heard from one of your friends? You were there?”
“Boy, if I say I was there, what do I mean?”
“You mean you were there.”
“Then that’s what I said, isn’t it?” Cloth rustled; Hazard had a horrifying mental vision of Lady Mabbe escaping from the rayon blouse again. “I don’t feel so well these days, John-Henry. The devil’s cast his spirit upon me. He’s got the touch, you know. Fire.”
“We can take you to the hospital.”
“I don’t think so. I’ve had enough allopathic medicine. You know that, that’s a hundred dollar word, isn’t it? Your bundle of big, dark, and brooding, he wouldn’t know that word, would he?”
“I don’t know. Hazard’s pretty smart.”
“Oh, he’s all books. You could flip through his head like the Encyclopedia Britannica and you’d find just as much goddamn sense. Not like you. You’re sunshine and sweet well water and you're a good mama’s boy.”
This time, Somers’s voice had a noticeable trace of ironic amusement. “That’s very sweet, Lady.”
“Oh I won’t tell anyone—it wouldn’t do, Lord, it wouldn’t do at all—but that’s what you are.”
“What about that fire?”
“That’s where the devil put his spirit upon me, you know? He was there. I saw him.”
“You saw? You saw who set the fire?”
“What did I tell you, boy, about what I say?”
“All right, all right. What time was this?”
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t know what time it was?”
“Royalty,” Lady said with icy disdain, “don’t trot to the piper’s pipe, boy.”
“Can you give me an estimate? Early evening? Late?”
“Had to be after nine,” Lady said after a moment’s consideration. “The sun had gone down, and I’d heard the college bells because I was on that side of Smithfield.”
“So, between nine and ten?”
“Well, I don’t know about that. I don’t hear those bells, not when I’m working. Could have been ten. Could have been eleven.”
Eleven-thirty, Hazard remembered, was McClinckie’s rough guess as to when the fire had started. 
“And you saw this guy?” Somers asked. “Who was he?”
“Two of them. I was working Mary Beth’s corner. You know Mary Beth. Sweet as pie, but she’s got the preeclampsia, ankles the size of rottweilers, and now she’s in the hospital. So I took her corner, just until the baby comes along. Villanova and Brigade.”
“Jesus. That’s the same block. What’d you see?”
“The devil. He pulled up in a red pickup, you know, the dime-store size like you could put it on the shelf when you’re done with it. He and his fellow-servant, they got out, rolled a big old barrel right up to the door.”
“Slow down,” Somers said, excitement sharpening his voice. “The men. What’d they look like?”
“Bald, both of them. Heads shining like eggs. And on his sign. One on the neck. One on the arm.” From inside the room came a soft, scraping sound. The sound, Hazard realized, of fingers tracing a design on the Bordello’s old wood.
“Jesus,” was all Somers said. Hazard was itching to know what she’d drawn.
“All in blue,” Lady Mabbe said.
“Anything else? Height? Weight? Old? Young?”
“Oh, the size of a man who’s spent twenty years fighting the wind. The weight of a man who eats hate for supper and he always serves it cold.”
Somers groaned. “Do you have a conversion table? What’s the average weight of a man who eats cold hate for supper?”
“Don’t be snide to me, boy. Don’t talk to me like my head’s flopping open.”
“Sorry. It’s just—”
“Your size. Maybe a bit smaller. Maybe a bit bigger.”
“Ok. Fine. And age—”
“I don’t know. I was hunkered down inside that old brick building, the one that’s just about keeled over, right there on the corner. As soon as I saw the devil, as soon as I felt his power come upon me, I knew it wasn’t anyplace a woman with a brain ought to be.”
“Ok, ok. You saw them take the barrel up to the door, and then—”
“No. I said they rolled it up to the door. It was heavy; the two of them could barely get it into the trailer together. And then they came back out, and they stood there talking a moment, and . . .”
“And what?”
“And his power was upon me, John-Henry. I’ve never felt anything like it. That touch, all fire, and it started smoking inside me like the last drop of oil in a skillet, and then I sneezed.”
“They heard you?”
“Of course he heard me. It was his power, wasn’t it? His crooked fire stirring up inside me. He pointed right at me—never mind the distance and the dark, pointed at me like he could have touched me between the eyes—and he said something I couldn’t hear. The other one, his helper, took a step towards me, and the devil pulled out a big old gun. And that’s when I ran. They took a shot at me, too. That gun put a hole the size of Kansas in the bricks. And I just kept running before that devil could snatch me up and make me his bride.”
The last part, Hazard was pretty sure, she didn’t need to worry about too much.
“All right,” Somers said, almost breathless with excitement. “All right, all right. That’s good, Lady. That’s real good.” The rustle of paper came from inside the room, and then Somers said, “You talk to anyone else that saw something, you remember anything else, you give me a call.”
“You’re a sweet boy, John-Henry, but cash money is just cash money, and you’re asking good people to put their necks under the devil’s heel. They won’t do it. Won’t nobody in Smithfield say a word about this, not ever.”
“Well, give me a chance. We’ll whip the devil and send him running.”
“This isn’t a thing to joke about.”
“I’m not joking.”
There was a pause, and when Lady Mabbe spoke, her voice had taken on a dangerous clarity. She sounded, to Hazard’s ears, almost sane. “You’re sunshine and sweet well water, John-Henry, but there’s a poison in you, and it’s working it’s way to your heart.”
“I’m not—”
“Does he know that?”
More silence. When Somers spoke, he sounded strangely uncomfortable. “He doesn’t need to know.”
“That poison, that’s a different kind of touch, but it’ll kill you as sure as fire.”
“I’ll be fine.”
“John-Henry?”
“Yes, Lady.”
“That one, your bundle of big, dark, and brooding?”
“His name’s Hazard. You know that.”
“He’s got the devil too. Wrestled him down and tied him up and thinks he can ride him into the next kingdom. But that’s wrong, all wrong, because you can’t ride a devil. A devil’s always riding you. You tell him that, will you?”
Somers’s breath exploded into the quiet. “Yeah, I’ll tell him. He’ll break my jaw, but I’ll tell him.”
“You take care, John-Henry. And tell your mother hello.”
“Goodbye, Lady.”
Footsteps echoed inside the room, and Hazard retreated towards the stairs. When Somers emerged, he looked as unruffled as ever—calm and cool, everywhere except his eyes. His eyes held a new, manic energy.
“Well?” Hazard said. No need to tell Somers he’d been eavesdropping; besides, Hazard wanted to see how Somers passed along the message about the devil. “Anything?”
“Oh yeah,” Somers said, rolling his shoulders as he passed Hazard and took the stairs two at a time. “Two suspects. White males, about my size, in their thirties or forties.”
“You seem happy,” Hazard said as he followed Somers out into the pounding, noonday heat. “That describes about half of Wahredua.”
“I am happy,” Somers said, his smile flashing brighter than sunlight on chrome. “I’m pretty sure we’re not working two cases. We’re working one case from two sides.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah. Those two bastards that started the fire? They had blue swastika tattoos. They were Ozark Volunteers.”

Chapter 12
October 25
Tuesday
12:57pm

On the drive back to the station, Somers told Hazard what Lady Mabbe had said. Or, rather, he told him most of what she had said. The stuff at the end—all the craziness about poison and the devil—Somers kept to himself. He had promised Lady Mabbe he would tell Hazard, but he hadn’t promised when he would tell him. And besides, he’d had enough of a rollercoaster with his partner for one day.
When Somers had finished, all Hazard said was, “That’s all?”
“That’s all? You’re kidding, right? She saw our guys.”
“No. She saw two guys go into the trailer. And she saw two guys come out.”
“They rolled a barrel into the trailer.”
“So maybe they were storing it there.”
“Bullshit.”
“And,” Hazard said, “we still don’t have a victim.”
“They probably already had the dead body in the trailer. Somebody they’d killed and stashed there earlier. Then they left, got the accelerant, brought it back, and started the fire.”
“She didn’t see them start the fire,” Hazard said. “She didn’t see them carry a body inside. She couldn’t even give you a time—what’d she say? After nine, that’s as close as she could fix it. That leaves a big window.”
Somers’s earlier excitement was evaporating; he glanced over at Hazard and saw the same chilly calculation he had seen earlier in those burnt-straw eyes. “All right,” he said. “You’re the hot-shot detective. What do we know?”
“We know that we need to talk to a couple of guys from the Ozark Volunteers.”
“Good luck with that. They’re more likely to shoot us than talk to us. Or talk to anybody, for that matter. Most of those guys have had their brains cooked out by meth.”
“You said Upchurch has contacts with them.”
“He does. All right, so we talk to Upchurch and see if he’ll put us in touch.”
“And we look at missing person reports.”
Somers grunted. “Now would be a good time to say something like, ‘Hey, Somers, sorry I was wrong about Lady Mabbe. And oh, hey, good job on getting us our first lead.’ Something like that.”
In response, Hazard just slouched back into the seat and stared out the window.
Well fuck you too, Somers thought. So much for making amends.
After a few minutes of silence, Somers asked, “What about the message?”
“What?”
“From the station.”
“Oh.” The change was infinitesimal, but Somers heard it in Hazard’s voice. “Nothing.”
“Bullshit.”
“It wasn’t anything.”
“Murray wouldn’t call about nothing. You’re lying to me.”
“I don’t lie.” Hazard squared his shoulders and tried to glare at Somers, but it didn’t have its usual force.
“It was for you,” Somers said, feeling the pieces click together. “The message was for you, but Murray didn’t want to call you.”
“Thank God. That old man never stops talking.”
“Somebody called you, and now you’re lying about it. Why?” No answer came from Hazard, so Somers decided to supply his own. “You’re a private person—like Fort Knox, as far as that goes—so if it were personal you’d just tell me to fuck off, or something like that.”
“Will you drop this?”
“And if it were about the case, you’d tell me straight out. You get angry fast, and just about everything I say puts you on edge, but you’re a professional.”
“You’re about to find out just how goddamn professional I’m not,” Hazard growled. “Drop it.”
“So that means it’s something not personal, but also something you don’t want to tell me about. Probably because you’re embarrassed. Did Cravens chew you out? No, she would have talked to me too. But you’ve only been here two days, and there hasn’t been—” And then, it all fell together, and Somers laughed. “Oh my God. That’s what this is about?”
“Leave it, Somers.”
“You’re embarrassed because that kid tracked you down. Flores, the guy from the vandalism case. He called the station looking for you. And you don’t want to tell me.”
With two red spots burning in his cheeks, Hazard set his jaw, refusing to look at Somers.
Somers laughed again; somehow, this made up for all the holes Hazard had punched in Lady Mabbe’s information, and Somers felt his good mood returning. “Man, you should have told me. He’s hot. Like, he could turn a straight guy, that kind of hot. Way to go.”
Still nothing from Hazard, although he looked like his jaw might break under all that tension.
“You got a boyfriend, though, right? What’s his name? Billy. What’s he think about this?”
“Fuck off.”
“Whoa, I’m just joking. I wasn’t trying to say you’d—” Somers cut off and decided to change tactics. “Look, I won’t tease you about the kid. Well, not too much. Did he say what he wanted?”
“No.”
“It’s just a thing, right? Giving each other a hard time, that is. I don’t actually mean anything by it.”
Hazard’s silence was deep and dangerous.
“Look, why don’t we try this: I’ll tell you about Cora—you remember her—and you tell me about Billy. Cora and I got married—”
“How many times do I have to tell you? This is a job. That’s it. The end.”
A bitter answer rose to Somers’s lips, but he swallowed it and tried to shake off the sting of Hazard’s words. “Right, man. Sorry.”
When they got to the station, Somers started writing the first report for Cravens—two reports, two reports every goddamn day because Hazard didn’t have the social ability of a lamppost—while Hazard set to work combing through missing person reports for Dore County and the surrounding areas.
After Somers had finished the report, he printed it, dropped a copy in Cravens’s mailbox, and stood at the edge of the bullpen. Hazard, sleeves rolled up to expose well-muscled arms, hunched over the computer; everything looked too small for Hazard—the desk, the chair, the computer—but he didn’t seem bothered by it. When he was on a case, Somers was starting to realize, Hazard probably wouldn’t notice anything short of a freight train. Somers watched him for a few more minutes, trying to work out the puzzle of his new partner before giving it up.
He stepped outside, onto the cement pad designated for smoke breaks, and he dialed. Upchurch answered on the third ring.
“Hey, ex-partner.”
“Hey,” Somers said.
“You sound like you’ve got the world on your shoulders, buddy. What’s going on?” There was a pause, and then Upchurch added, “It’s early afternoon. Are you drinking already?”
“I’m not—fuck, Upchurch, what the hell do you think I’m doing? I’m working.”
“Calm down, calm down. I’m just asking. I get worried. Ever since Cora . . . I just thought I should ask.”
“I’m fine.” Somers fought with his temper for a moment and felt the last of his anger fade. “Sorry about that; rough couple of days.”
“The cases?” Upchurch asked. “Or the partner?”
“Both. That vandalism case—the one you dropped in my lap before you left—that’s going to be a dead end unless we get somebody on camera. Even the assaults don’t have a decent witness.”
“Did you try telling Cravens that?”
“You know what she’ll say. She won’t put it in so many words, but she’ll tell me that her ass is on the line for this, and consequently my ass is on the line for this. And when push comes to shove, you know whose ass is going to fry if the case doesn’t close.”
“Then find somebody and hang it around his neck,” Upchurch said, his tone only half-joking.
“Yeah, that’d be nice, wouldn’t it? I’ll give it a few more days of the good cop routine first.”
“So what’s he like?”
“Emery?” The name popped out without Somers thinking about it; now why the hell had he said Emery instead of Hazard?
“That’s his name?”
“Yeah.”
“Well?”
“I don’t know. Half the time he’s looking for a reason to knock my lights out.”
“Better watch out,” Upchurch said with a laugh. “He’s bigger than you.”
“Tell me about it. He just about put me through wall today.”
“What?”
“Never mind.”
“What about the other half?”
“Huh?”
“You said half the time he’s ready to crack your head. What about the other half?”
“He’s . . . good. Scary good. He looks at stuff—stuff for the cases, I mean—and he pulls it apart in his head, does it just like that, and he sees things I don’t. Not literally, but it’s the way he looks at a case.”
“Damn. That’s a pretty good trait in a partner.”
“Unless he wishes you were dead.”
“I thought you guys were buddies. High school, right?”
“It’s complicated.”
“Listen, he’s going through some pretty big changes. You know why he took the job?”
“Not really. I heard it had something to do with his captain.”
“Huh. Well, he moved, left all his friends back in St. Louis, and he’s starting fresh. That’s hard, even if you’re a tough guy like him.”
“I don’t know. He’s not the type for that, you know? He’s more like a machine. I don’t even know if there’s anything down there, underneath the job.”
“Oh yeah?” Upchurch laughed again. “You know what he said to me last night?”
“What?”
“I said something about you—honest to God, I didn’t mean anything by it—and he took it the wrong way. Told me he’d rip my throat out or something like that if I ever talked bad about his partner again. Those were his words: ‘my partner,’ that’s what he said.”
Somers felt a hot, tingling excitement in his belly. “Probably just looking to pick a fight.”
“No, you can tell. He’s . . . well, I bet he’s like a bulldog. Mean as Satan himself, but if he’s on your side, he’s on your side. That’s the kind of partner you want.”
“Yeah,” Somers said. Then he grinned. “What the hell happened with you? You leave the department and all of the sudden you’re the expert on all this?”
“Perspective, buddy. That’s all it is.”
“Yeah, well, we’re going to need some of your perspective. We’ve got two guys for the fire. At least, they’re the ones we’re going to look at.”
“Two?”
“Yeah. Blue swastikas.”
“Ozark Volunteers, huh? That’s like sticking your dick into a nest of snakes. You know that.”
“Yeah, I know. Try telling the man of steel, though.”
“Don’t pretend,” Upchurch said, his voice amused. “You’re still an idealist, Somers. Doesn’t matter how much you try to hide it. Even without that new partner, you’d plunge headfirst into one of those white trash compounds if you thought your perp was in there.”
Somers didn’t answer; Upchurch was right, to an extent, and there wasn’t really much more to say.
“You want my contact,” Upchurch said.
“This is big. We think it might be hooked into the vandalism case. Two birds with one stone.”
“You better bring me a case of beer.”
“Fine.”
“Two cases.”
“God, all right.”
“You and Hazard want to come over in a couple hours? I’m on my way back from Jeff City.”
“House hunting?”
“Who the hell knows anymore? I can’t wait until the move is over.”
“Three o’clock?”
“Two cases, Somers. And don’t go cheap on me.”
The call disconnected, and Somers pocketed the phone and stood there. Sweat beaded on his forehead, and the humid weight of the air made him long to dive back into the station, but he stayed where he was, looking at the crisp blue of the sky and the serrated skyline of brick and plaster and stone. So. Emery Hazard, the big tough silent type, had threatened Upchurch. Somers fought a smile. Well, maybe he was making some progress after all.
When Somers returned to the bullpen, Hazard was still sitting at his desk, although now he had a stack of pages at his elbow and a pen between his teeth. He raised an eyebrow when Somers perched on the edge of his desk.
“Move,” he said around the pen.
“How’s it going?”
“Fine.” He plucked the pen from between his teeth. “Move.”
“What do you have?”
Hazard made a rumbling noise in his throat.
“You’re going to need some local knowledge.”
“I’ll be fine.”
“We’re partners.”
“You probably have lots of important work to do.” Hazard’s tone suggested that if Somers didn’t have important work, he better damn well find some. Fast.
Somers found himself smiling. Yes, Emery Hazard had every right to hate Somers. Yes, Somers had made Hazard’s life hell in high school. Yes, he had—
—in the locker room, with the steam beading on the bench, the wood sliding between Somers’s thighs as he straddled it—
—acted like a total tool. But in spite of all of that, Hazard had stood up for him. Hazard had threatened Upchurch. Hazard had called Somers his partner.
“What are you grinning about?”
“Nothing.” Somers tapped a name halfway down the sheet. “What about him?”
“What?”
“Lee Rochester. You think that’s our victim?”
Hazard’s eyes narrowed. He knew, Somers realized, that there was something he was missing, and he was too smart to walk right into the trap. “He could be. I’m marking the possible—”
“He’s not.”
Struggle showed in Hazard’s face: the desire to be right against the desire not to make a fool of himself. “He’s late thirties, he’s average height. We don’t have a lot to work with, but those could fit our victim.”
“Yeah, that’s smart. You’re really smart. And don’t flare your nostrils, I’m being serious. But it’s not Lee.”
Hazard tried not to rise to the bait. For a long moment, he just sat there, his face showing his effort. Then he tossed down the pen. “All right. Why?”
“Come on.”
Somers led the way back to the holding cells. One of the doors was open, and Somers propped himself against the frame. The cell was small, with a steel tray for a bed, on which a man was sprawled. Biologically he might have been in his late thirties, but drink and hard living had taken their toll and left him looking substantially older. He was sleeping, and his breathing filled the air with the smell of stale alcohol and vomit. Somers wrinkled his nose and nodded at the sleeping man.
“Lee Rochester,” Hazard said.
“See? I told you were smart.”
“Why’s there a missing person on him?”
“Because Aurora Rochester is forty-seven years old, and she’s controlling and loud and picks every kind of fight you can imagine with her husband until he goes off on a bender. Then, like flipping a switch, she’s weeping and wailing and telling everyone there’s never been a better man than Lee Rochester, and he’d be home with her right then if he hadn’t been hit by a car or abducted by slavers or fallen into the clay pits.”
“Abducted by slavers?”
“And if we don’t nod and smile and file the report when she comes in, she turns into a whirlwind, and it’s takes everything short of a pair of handcuffs to keep her from turning the whole station upside down. So about once a month, Lee drinks himself into a coma, and he sleeps it off here until he decides to go back and duke it out with his wife again.”
“That is . . .” Hazard paused, his eyes moving from the drunk sprawled on the steel bed to Somers. “The stupidest thing I’ve ever heard. Valuable police resources are being wasted—”
“Small town, my friend. You keep forgetting that. This isn’t just about enforcing the law. It’s a community, and you’re part of it. Think of it like a big family, all those extended relatives, uncles and cousins that drink themselves sick and look at your sister funny and the only thing you can do is find the ones you like and stick with them because nobody is going away anytime soon.”
Hazard’s jaw had gone tight, so tight that the muscles stood out in his neck, and he was shaking his head in slow, almost imperceptible movements.
“What?” Somers said.
“This was a huge mistake. Coming back here. Trying this. Everything’s backward. Every time I think I know what I’m doing, you turn around and tell me I’m fucking things up.” Hazard barked a bitter laugh. “And you’re right. Every goddamn time, you’re right. And you’re so . . . you’re so fucking nice about it, it’s about all I can do not to just put my gun in my mouth and swallow.” He gave a final swerve of his head. “This isn’t working. I’ve spent hours on those reports for no reason. I screwed everything up with your CI. I’m going to talk to Cravens and tell her—”
“First off, calm down. And don’t say anything you’re going to regret.”
Hazard nodded. He looked, for the first time since Somers had seen him the day before, tired. No, more than tired. He looked beaten down. The look of a guy who’s taken one on the chin, and then another, and then another, and somehow, after all that, he’s still standing. But he might not be standing for long.
“Let’s go back to the bullpen. Talk this out. That way Lee’s not part of the conversation.” Somers didn’t add the rest of what he wanted to say, but he tilted his head towards the desk where Patrick Foley was working the holding cells and, most likely, listening to every word they said.
With a nod, Hazard followed Somers back to the bullpen. Somers pulled his chair around to Hazard’s desk so that they sat, both facing the desk, with the missing person reports spread out in front of them. Keeping his gaze carefully fixed on the reports, Hazard said, “You don’t have to do this.”
“We’re pretty different, right?”
“What?”
“Not just now. Back in high school, too. We were really different. I was a major asshole. You were—”
“The town faggot.”
“I was going to say you were really sweet. Weird. Don’t get me wrong, you were super weird. But sweet.”
“Thanks,” Hazard said drily.
“You figured out the bones. You knew I was jumping to conclusions about what Lady Mabbe saw. You’re smart, and you know a hell of a lot, and you’re analytical.”
“Now the other shoe drops.”
“There’s no other shoe. You’re a good detective, but that doesn’t mean you’re great at everything. And you’ve been gone for a long time. Wahredua is a different place. Unless you’ve lived here, there’s no way you could know stuff like how Lee and Aurora Rochester fight, or the fact that—” Somers scanned the missing person list for names. “Cokie Heibel, Nora Dale, and Edward Jasper are living with their daddies and their mothers are mad as hell about it, so they filed these missing persons to put pressure on them. You’re not supposed to know that stuff, not right off the bat. That’s why we’re partners.”
Hazard didn’t answer. He still had that tired, beaten look on his face. His big hands were folded around each other.
“Do you want to quit?” Somers asked. “You could probably get on in Kansas City. You could definitely get on in another small town department. Your chances at either place of being a detective are pretty low, though. Most places, transfers start at the bottom.”
“I know,” Hazard said in a low, pained voice.
“If you leave, you’re walking away from the shitheels that have been terrorizing the LGBT community here. And you walk away from a murder that you might be able to solve.”
Hazard scrubbed at his cheeks; he had a heavy shadow already, and the bristles rasped under his palm.
“If we do this,” Hazard said, “things have to change. I have to change. I know that. It’s hard. I’m not saying it’s going to happen overnight. The past . . . I know it’s the past, and I know it’s over, but sometimes that’s not easy to let go of. You understand?”
Somers nodded.
“I know I’m shit at talking to people. I know I rub people the wrong way. But I’m a good detective. Very good.”
Somers nodded again. “Fuck yeah, you are.”
For the first time since they had sat, Hazard raised his eyes to meet Somers’s gaze. Those straw-colored eyes were surprisingly vulnerable; they reminded Somers of—
—the locker room, when Somers had wanted, had wanted so badly his chest was ready exploded, wanted Hazard to—
—how Hazard had looked as a boy, before he had hardened himself against the world.
“If we do this, we have to do it together,” Somers said. “That’s the change.”
Hazard nodded.
“What do you say we look through the names you pulled? I’ll tell you what I know, and then we’ll make some phone calls before we head over to see Upchurch.”
For a moment, Somers was certain that Hazard was going to ask him something: the question was right there on Hazard’s lips, ready to spring. Then Hazard’s expression closed, returning to its normal wariness—although perhaps a bit less wary than usual.
He slid the pages to the middle of the desk, halfway between them, and pointed to the first name he had underlined. “Milton Billings.”
“Oh Lord,” Somers said, fighting a grin. “He’s been dead for four years.”
To his surprise, Hazard started to laugh.

Chapter 13
October 25
Tuesday
2:55pm

Hazard felt oddly drained when he followed Somers out of the station. It wasn’t physical fatigue—although the day had been long and hot. It wasn’t mental exhaustion—although Hazard had scoured the missing person list for possible matches. It was emotional, he realized. Emotional weariness. Too many highs and lows, too much of a roller-coaster with Somers, too much grief and pain and rage at having come back to Warhedua and finding the past was buried in a shallow grave.
The afternoon was like every other afternoon—hot and muggy—and the Impala still smelled like pine air-freshener. Somers drove them across town towards Upchurch’s house, and Hazard brushed his hair back—Billy liked it long, as long as regulations allowed, but it became damn annoying sometimes—and ran through the case again.
Together, Hazard and Somers had eliminated every possible match on the missing person list. Too many of the missing persons were not really missing at all; the few genuine ones that remained were either too old, too young, or women. 
That fact left Hazard and Somers with only Lady Mabbe’s description of the two bald men who had rolled a barrel into the trailer. It was the only lead they had left on the case, and the next step was to see what information Upchurch’s contacts within the Ozark Volunteers could yield.
Somers pulled the Impala to a halt outside a tan brick bungalow. The building probably dated from the early 1950s; the windows, streaked with white paint at the edges, were probably original. In fact, everything looked original except the paint. Upchurch must have decided to slap on a fresh coat before selling the place, Hazard decided. The house, with only a utilitarian line of box hedge under the front windows, needed all the sprucing up it could get.
“Looks like he made it home from Jeff City,” Somers said, nodding at an old Mustang as he climbed out of the car.
The car looked well-maintained—that was only Hazard’s inexpert opinion—and dirty. He knew almost nothing about cars except that he needed to get the oil changed every few thousand miles, and Billy was the one who usually took care of that. The Mustang, though, was probably expensive, and an unusual car like that made Hazard think that Upchurch either really liked cars or really liked status symbols. Judging by the state of the house, Hazard guessed it was the former. The other detail that Hazard could infer about Upchurch was that, even if he liked cars, he must not care much about appearances: red dust covered the car’s blue sheen.
“You want to watch what you say to him,” Hazard said, thinking back to his first and only encounter with Upchurch. “Just what he needs to know. Nothing else.”
Somers stopped on the grass. Sweat glistened on his forehead, at the roots of his short, spiky blond hair. “What?”
“He’s not police anymore.”
“He is until the end of this week. And then he’s going to state police.”
“But he won’t be Warhedua PD.”
“So what?” Somers wrinkled his brow. “What’s going on?”
“Look, I don’t think he’s got your back. I know he was your partner, and you—”
To Hazard’s surprise, Somers burst out laughing. “He told me, but I thought he was lying. Or exaggerating.”
“What?”
“You’re protective.” Somers’s eyes sparkled with amusement—and, Hazard thought, pleasure. “Of me. You’re being protective of me.”
“I’m being protective of our investigation, and I don’t think an outsider—”
“Bull. He told me he started ragging on me and that you said you’d take his head off if he said anything like that. You did, didn’t you? You stood up for me.”
“I didn’t stand up for you. I was making it clear that we were partners and—”
“You stood up for me,” Somers was beaming now. “Listen, I appreciate it, I really do. And you know I’d do it for you too.”
“I don’t care.”
“Yes, you do. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have—”
“You’re missing what I’m trying to tell you: a guy who will talk shit about you behind your back, especially to someone he doesn’t even know, that’s not someone you can trust. So keep your mouth shut when we talk to him, ok?”
Hazard’s tone had scrubbed the amusement from Somers’s face, and he nodded slowly. “Yeah, ok.”
Without waiting for anything else, Hazard made his way to the door and knocked. It opened a few moments later, revealing a much older woman—nearing sixty, Hazard guessed, with gray hair spilling down her back and an enormous pair of spectacles perched on the tip of her nose. She looked confused at Hazard’s appearance and then smiled when she noticed Somers.
“John-Henry,” she crowed. “Renard didn’t tell me you were coming over. I would have made those pecan bars you like. And you’re very naughty, not telling me a thing, not even a peep about what you’ve got planned for the party.”
“What party?” Somers asked with a cool, cat-with-the-cream smile. “I never said anything about a party.”
“Oh, you,” the old woman said with a smile. “Now, don’t be rude. Come inside and introduce me to your new partner.”
As they stepped into the air-conditioned cool of the foyer, Hazard took another look at the woman: the lines around her eyes and mouth, across her forehead, the loose skin on her arms. “Are you Upchurch’s mother?”
As soon as the words had left Hazard’s mouth, he knew he’d done it again: stuck his foot right inside. Somers colored, and he opened his mouth as if he were going to try to explain, but the old woman started laughing. It was a good-natured sound, and she accented the laughter by leaning forward to squeeze Hazard’s arm; it took willpower not to pull away from her touch.
“No, no, no,” she said through her laughter. “Renard and I are married. I’m his wife.”
Hazard’s face must have expressed his disbelief because the woman laughed more.
“You’ll have to excuse him, Eldora. I didn’t—”
Eldora’s lips twitched with humor, and she interrupted, saying, “You didn’t have time to warn him that Renard had married an old woman.”
“No, that’s not what I . . .” Somers trailed off helplessly.
“John-Henry, I’m only teasing.” Turning her attention to Hazard, she continued, “It happens all the time. More now than it used too—I’m afraid I’ve let myself go, and women do age faster than men. At least, most women do. Ten years ago, it bothered the hell out of me. Now, it rolls right off.”
“I am sorry,” Hazard said. “I didn’t mean to be rude.”
“Of course you didn’t.” Eldora stated this as though it were a fact. “Now, let me see what I have in the kitchen. John-Henry, you’re looking frightfully thin.” She pinched his waist, and then her face filled with sadness. “I suppose that means . . .”
“I’m fine, Eldora.”
“No, you’re not,” she said with a dismissive sniff, turning to lead them towards the kitchen. “A man needs a woman to care for him. Isn’t that right, detective?”
“I wouldn’t mind having a woman take care of me,” Hazard said, “but my boyfriend might.”
Eldora turned in the doorway to the kitchen, planted both hands on her hips, and looked Hazard up and down. In spite of himself, in spite of all the years since he’d come out, he felt the same nervous tickle in his stomach—this was Wahredua, after all, and saying a word like boyfriend could bring down hellfire and brimstone. But Eldora only smiled.
“Well, I suppose I’ve made a fool of myself now. I’m very sorry, detective. Now come in and have a cookie.”
Exchanging confused looks with Somers, Hazard followed Eldora into the kitchen, where she sat him at a large table. The kitchen matched what Hazard had seen in the rest of the house: floral wallpaper in shades of green and pink, light-colored wood, curling sprigs of plastic ivy and silk flowers, decorative crystals scattering rainbow shadows along the walls.
Eldora piled a plate with cookies—from a real, ceramic cookie jar—and carried them to the table. “Milk?”
“Actually, Eldora,” Somers said, “we’re just here to talk to Renard for a few minutes about a case.”
“You can talk and eat cookies. I’ll get you some milk.”
“I don’t—” Somers began.
But Eldora spoke first. “So long as that—” Her voice shifted, and Hazard struggled to identify the tone, but he couldn’t quite place it. “—that wife of yours insists on letting you starve, the rest of us will have to pick up the slack.”
“She’s not letting me starve. I’m a grown man. I can take care of myself.”
“Detective,” Eldora appealed to Hazard. “Tell him.”
“Uh.” Hazard looked at each of them.
“Your boyfriend,” Eldora prompted, “what’s his name?”
“Billy,” Somers said before Hazard could answer.
“Does Billy cook for you? Do the laundry? Clean the house?”
“Eldora,” Somers said, his face coloring again. “That’s pretty sexist. Just because—”
“Let the detective answer,” Eldora said.
When Somers’s gaze turned to Hazard, Hazard struggled to find somewhere to look. He plucked a cookie from the plate and took a bite—chocolate chip, soft and delicious—and mumbled, “I wish.”
“What?” Somers said.
“I said I wish. Billy never—I mean, it’s just not his thing. He’s more, I don’t know. He’s busy. He’s got a lot of stuff—listen, what are we even talking about?”
Eldora Upchurch, Hazard guessed, was too polite to say “I told you so,” but her look at Somers carried the same message.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Somers said, but it wasn’t clear what he meant or if he was talking to Hazard or Eldora.
“I’ll go get Renard,” Eldora said.
“Well,” Somers said, his eyes roving around the room, “this has got to be my single worst interaction in the house. Ever.” His eyes flicked to Hazard. “Did you—were you serious?”
“About Billy?”
Somers nodded. “He didn’t do anything?”
“Look, I wasn’t—that’s not important, is it? What’s going on here?”
“With Renard and Eldora?”
“She looks twenty years older than him.”
“She’s not. She is older, but not that much.” Hazard processed the information; some of his thinking must have shown on his face, because Somers said, “What?”
“Nothing.”
“Go on.”
“It’s nothing.”
“He loves her. She loves him.”
“I got it, Somers.” Then a question crossed Hazard’s mind. “What did she mean, your wife is letting you starve? Are you married?”
Before Somers could answer, Renard and Eldora Upchurch entered the kitchen. Seeing them together, Hazard was again struck by the disparities of their age. Renard Upchurch looked still young, although his hair was thinning and he’d acquired a belly. Next to him, Eldora really did look like his mother. A thought began to form in Hazard’s head; men of other generations, men who might have remained what was discreetly called “confirmed bachelors,” had often married instead. There was nothing in Upchurch’s manner that might point to this being the case, no affectations, nothing in the way he looked at John-Henry Somers, but Hazard wondered.
“I see you met my wife, Detective Hazard,” Upchurch said. “Good to see you again.”
Hazard nodded.
“Let’s go outside; Eldora hates it when we talk shop in the house.”
“It’s so depressing,” Eldora said; Hazard could half-imagine her fanning herself with an apron in dismay. “But at least take the cookies with you. And the milk.”
Upchurch rolled his eyes and gave his wife a tolerant smile and a kiss on the cheek before leading Hazard and Somers to the garage. The door was up, and a spotless Toyota took up one-half of the space. The other parking spot was empty. The garage, like the dusty Mustang, gave further evidence of its owner’s carelessness. Junk lined the walls of the garage: gasoline cans, painting supplies, tools, shop rags, rakes, shovels, old shoes, and on and on. Upchurch grabbed a bucket, which was filled with soapy water, and a sponge.
“Washing the car,” he offered as an explanation. “Some of the county roads are still dirt, and it’s about an inch deep on the Mustang.”
“I thought your baby looked like she needed a bath,” Somers said.
“He sounds like he’s joking,” Upchurch said, “but he’s not. That Mustang really is my baby. I know, it’s sad, but it’s the truth.”
As they walked around the house and out to the Mustang, Hazard decided they’d spent enough time playing nice. “Somers said you have a contact in the Ozark Volunteers. We’d like to get in touch with this person. We have some questions.”
Upchurch dunked his sponge and began washing the Mustang’s hood. “Well, Detective Hazard, I might know someone you can talk to. But you understand that it’s a matter of trust.”
“We’ll keep their identities safe. This isn’t my first time around the block.”
“That’s not exactly what I meant.” Upchurch continued to move the sponge in slow, squishy circles. “Is this about the vandalism?”
“Well,” Somers began, “we think—” Hazard shot him a look, and Somers faltered. “We think,” he tried again, “that we need to talk to someone from the Ozark Volunteers.”
“Yeah, I figured that much out,” Upchurch said with a dry smile. His eyes, though, weren’t smiling; they’d gone carefully blank. “You’re talking in a circle, John-Henry. What’s going on?”
“Nothing, it’s just that—”
“This is an ongoing investigation,” Hazard said. “You’re no longer Wahredua PD. Or, at least, you won’t be after this week. We think it’s best that the details stay inside the department.”
Upchurch’s hand froze; rust-colored water leaked from the sponge. “So that’s how this game gets played.”
“Renard,” Somers said, “it’s not personal, but Hazard’s right: the fewer people we tell, the easier it is to control what’s out there.”
“That’s bullshit, pardon my language.” Upchurch wrung out the sponge; the smell of the dust and the soap filled the air. “You don’t trust me, is that what this is? If that’s the case, why do you want my contacts?”
Hazard studied the man. Upchurch’s face showed a mixture of disappointment and anger, and Hazard sympathized with him. It wouldn’t feel good to have your old partner come back and say, more or less, that you were now an outsider. At the same time, though, Hazard remembered how easily Upchurch had turned on Somers, talking about Somers behind his back.
“Let’s not get emotional about this,” Hazard said. “It’s a simple request. We’d like the names of people in the Ozark Volunteers we can talk to. You have those names. You have an obligation to help with an ongoing investigation. More than that, you should—”
At that moment Hazard’s phone began to ring; he tried to ignore, but then he thought of Billy. His resolve crumbled, and he slid the phone from his pocket. Billy’s name was flashing on the screen, and Hazard glanced at Somers.
Somers looked at Upchurch’s face and waved towards the street. “Take it. We’ll figure this out.”
Upchurch didn’t look particularly interested in figuring anything out—the hurt and anger on his face said the contrary—and Hazard hesitated. If he stayed, if he helped Somers lay on the pressure—
“Go,” Somers said.
Hazard’s resolve broke, and he trotted down the driveway. “Hey,” he said, putting the phone to his ear.
“Hey,” Billy said. “I thought it was going to go to voicemail.”
He was drunk. Not just a beer or two. He was hammered. Hazard checked his watch; it wasn’t even three-thirty yet. Hazard slowed when he reached the street; this was a quiet neighborhood, with old homes and older residents. Maple trees lined the sidewalk, their shade offering a break from the sun, leaves rustling as a squirrel skittered along a branch.
“You’re getting started early,” Hazard said, fighting to keep the edge out of his voice and losing.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Nothing. Never mind. How was the show last night?”
A long silence answered, and then Billy said, “You know we don’t have shows on Monday, right? I told you that like a million times, so you know, right?”
“Yeah, right. Sorry. Are you—”
Hazard cut off; in the background of the call, a man’s voice said something.
“Am I what?” Billy asked.
Hazard didn’t remember what he’d been going to say. He wanted to ask who was with Billy. He wanted to ask if it was Tom. No, correction: he wanted to ask if it was that mother-fucker Tom who couldn’t keep his eyes and hands off Billy, not even when Hazard was in the same fucking room. That’s what Emery Hazard wanted to say. He fought, though, to keep his tone even.
“Are you doing ok?” Hazard managed to ask.
“What?”
“How are things going?”
“Fine.”
“I miss you.”
“Oh, yeah. I miss you too. That’s why I’m calling. Because I missed you.”
From the other side of the line came a roar of laughter, and Hazard said, “It sounds like you’re having a lot of fun for Tuesday at three in the afternoon.”
Another long silence. “Jesus, you’re such a fucking Puritan. Yeah, I’ve had a few drinks. Is that really what you want to talk about?”
Let it go, a part of Hazard was saying. Let it go, it’s not worth it. “A few drinks? Really? It sounds like you cleared out Tom’s wet bar.”
“Who the fuck said anything about Tom?”
“I assume that’s who I keep hearing in the background. Am I right?”
“He’s my friend, Em. He’s our friend. I’m fucking lonely with you gone. What do you want me to do? Sit around the apartment all by myself?”
“I don’t think I have to worry about that.”
“What the hell does that mean?”
“Whatever you want, Billy. Take it however you want.”
Another long silence, this time broken by trembling breaths. Hazard couldn’t quite tell if they were his own or if they belonged to Billy. Then Billy said, “You know what? You’re being a real bitch right now. I’ll talk to you later.”
And the call disconnected.
Hazard’s fingers tightened around the phone until he heard the plastic squeal in his grip. He forced himself to relax the muscles in his hand; he took deep breaths; he stared at the horizon, dusky blue and broken by the three Tegula smokestacks, like he could see all the way to St. Louis, all the way into the brick walk-up in Lafayette Square that belonged to Tom Gerard. Fuck, he stared into that horizon like he could see into Billy Rolker’s heart—but all he saw was Tegula smoke and a whole lot of heartache.
“Everything all right?”
Hazard composed himself, as best he could, before turning to face Somers. He must not have done a good job, though, because he saw the worry on Somers’s face. “What happened?”
“Nothing.”
“It doesn’t look like nothing.”
“What’s going on? Where’s Upchurch?”
Somers studied Hazard for a moment longer, and then he twirled a piece of paper. “A name. And an address. We’re supposed to meet in an hour.”
“Just like that?”
“I had to smooth his feathers—he didn’t like being left out of the loop—but yeah, just like that.”
Hazard marched towards the Impala. “What are we waiting for?”
When they were settled in the car, and when Somers had shifted into drive and inched away from the curb, Somers stopped and fixed Hazard with a penetrating look.
“What?” Hazard said.
“Your hand is bleeding.”
Hazard looked down; his fists were clenched so tightly that the gashes on his hand had opened, and blood had soaked through the bandages.
“You want to see a doctor about that?”
“Just drive the goddamn car.”
“You want to tell me what’s going on?”
“You know what’s going on. We’re going to meet the Ozark Volunteers. And I’m really looking forward to it.”
Somers groaned as he pulled into the street. “That’s what I’m afraid of.”

Chapter 14
October 25
Tuesday
4:42pm

It was good that they were going to meet these human pieces of shit. That’s what Hazard kept telling himself. As Somers drove them out of Wahredua and into the rolling hills, densely green and alive, that’s what Hazard told himself: it was good that they were going to see the Ozark Volunteers because Hazard needed to punch somebody—badly—and he figured the Ozark Volunteers wouldn’t be slow to give him an opportunity.
As they left the city behind them, the Missouri countryside closed around them. This close to the Ozarks and the Grand Rivere, the ground rolled and sloped and flowed. Hardwood forests—oak, mostly—grew on both sides of the road, and tangles of honeysuckle and kudzu closed the sides of the state highway. The effect was suffocating for Hazard, like sticking his head into noose. When the branches reached out over the car, only a thumbnail of blue still showed overhead. Through the car’s vents came the wet, mossy smell of the woods. That was how the bluff had smelled the night Jeff Langham swallowed a bullet. Hazard yanked at his tie; it was strangling him.
“Bad news from home?”
“Wahredua’s my fucking home now.”
They drove for another five minutes, deeper into that green maze, with that mossy smell blossoming inside the Impala. Then Somers cleared his throat. He scrubbed at the back of his head, making the blond bristles stand up, and then gripped the wheel with both hands.
“You, uh, heard what Eldora said. About my wife.”
Hazard fought a flood of anger. He knew what Somers was doing—trying to build a relationship and, in doing so, draw out Hazard’s confidence. Hazard’s instinctive reaction was to shove Somers away. Hazard struggled with that instinct. He had promised he was going to change. If that meant listening to Somers’s story, if that meant letting Somers talk about his personal life, then Hazard could do that. For a little while, at least.
“Yeah,” Hazard said.
“You asked me what she meant.”
“It’s none of my business. I shouldn’t have said that.”
“Nah,” Somers said with a flash of a smile. “You’re saying that now because you don’t want to talk about Billy. But you want to know. It might even make you feel better, right? Knowing that I’ve fucked up my life royally?”
Hazard couldn’t say no, so he didn’t say anything.
Somers chuckled. “Yeah, it’ll make you feel better. And I should have told you. I mean, everybody in the whole town knows. They’re all laughing up their sleeves at me. Why shouldn’t you know too?”
“You can tell me if you want. But you don’t have to. And I won’t laugh at you.”
“If anybody deserves to laugh at me, if anybody deserves to get a kick out of seeing me fuck myself over, it’s you.” Hazard opened his mouth, unsure of how he could respond to that, but Somers spoke over him. “I . . . cheated. I know, that makes me the worst fucking tool in the entire world.”
For the next minute, the only sound between them was the purr of the Impala’s tires on the asphalt. Then Somers punched the knob on the stereo, and a CD whirred to life, and a moment later a woman’s voice filled the car with quiet, country music. A moment passed, and Hazard punched the knob and the car went silent.
“Billy’s been fucking our neighbor behind my back. For, I don’t know, a year. Something like that.”
“Jesus.”
“You first.”
Somers ran his fingers over the back of his head again. “Yeah. About a year into college, I married Cora. Cora Malsho, I don’t know if you remember her, but she—”
“You guys were prom king and queen senior year.”
“God, don’t remind me.” Somers paused, lost in thought for a moment. Honeysuckle flashed past the car, and its sweet scent filled the air. “We were young and stupid. That’s not really an excuse, but we both went to Mizzou, and we were still together after our first year, and that seemed like a sign. Soul mates, you know. Something like that. So we got married that summer, back here in Wahredua.”
“What was that like?”
“Her parents were thrilled. Mine were furious. My mom almost didn’t come to the wedding; she still barely speaks to Cora, and the only reason she’ll have anything to do with her is because of Evie.”
Hazard nodded, not particularly surprised. Grace Elaine Somerset—John-Henry’s mother—was, in many ways, the social queen of Wahredua. Her husband, Glennworth Somerset, had enough money to buy the town outright, pave it over, and turn it into the biggest Shoney’s south of the Mason-Dixon line. That had made Grace Elaine a ferocious mover and shaker in Wahredua’s high society.
Once, Hazard remembered, his own mother had come home from the Methodist Ladies’ Quilt and Supper Circle. Aileen Hazard had worked long hours at a sewing machine for most of her life; her brows and eyes were perpetually furrowed, as though she were constantly straining to see the eye of a needle, or a dropped stitch, or some other minuscule detail, but she had a bright laugh and she had many friends. And that night, Aileen Hazard had come home and sat in the easy chair, her heels hanging from one hand, her cheeks red, her breathing difficult, like she had God sitting on her chest and giving her Indian burns. She never went back to the Ladies’ Circle again, and it would be years later before Hazard learned that Grace Elaine Somerset had made it clear that the mother of a degenerate was not the right material for the Ladies’ Quilt and Supper Circle. That was the kind of power Grace Elaine had wielded, and that was the way she had wielded it. It was no wonder, Hazard decided, that she had been furious when her son decided to marry Cora Malsho, daughter of a convict and, allegedly, an ex-prostitute.
“Anyway, we graduated college without a happy accident, which probably surprised my parents, and we came back. I started at the force, you know, just uniform work. I was patrolling Smithfield. We had Evie—that’s my daughter. She’s two now. And after Evie, things changed. Cora was always tired. We were both always tired. We worked different shifts, and Cora’s parents helped with Evie, but money was thin. We were fighting. A lot.” Somers blew out a breath. “We got married too young. You know what that’s like? It’s like a piece of you is frozen. And the rest of you keeps growing and changing and maturing, but that piece of you, it stays the same, and you can’t shake it loose.”
“Sounds like a lot of bullshit. You married her. You could have divorced her instead of cheating.”
A rare flash of anger showed in Somers’s face, but after a moment his handsome features relaxed. “You’re right.”
“So? What’s the rest of it?”
“I got a big bust. There was a commendation. Cravens started talking about moving me up to detective—I don’t know if you remember Ed Rue, but he was getting ready to retire. I was hot stuff. Newspaper articles, all of that. And then I’d go home, and I wasn’t anything but the guy who had to unclog the toilet or shuffle bills or call his dad for another loan. I started going out.”
“You started drinking.”
“Yeah, but that really took off later. The cheating, it was just a one-time thing. A stupid mistake. It was my fault, I’m not saying it wasn’t, but it wasn’t an affair, it wasn’t like I was looking for it. Or maybe I was. Who knows.”
“So?”
“So she was young and blond and she told me she was visiting a friend. I didn’t know her friend was Cora’s sister. It all exploded. Cora was furious—rightly so, I’m not saying otherwise. She kicked me out. You know the rest.”
“No, I don’t.”
“I live in an empty apartment, my wife won’t talk to me, and I don’t see my daughter. I can’t even get Cora to divorce me. That’s how angry she is. That’s the rest of it.” The last words sounded like they’d been wrung from Somers, and they were bitter.
“You screwed up,” Hazard finally said.
“I know. I don’t need you—” Somers broke off, drew a breath, and said, “Look, I know, ok? I just thought you should know too.”
Hazard flexed his hands. He was thinking about the John-Henry he had known in high school and the one who was sitting next to him right now. He was thinking about—
—the locker room, the steam curling off tan, golden muscle—
—Billy and about Tom Gerard and about the brick walk-up in Lafayette Square. Hazard knew he could keep silent; he could let the moment pass and say nothing. But he also knew that he’d made a decision. He’d come to Wahredua to find out the truth about Jeff Langham. And Hazard had decided that to do that—and to do his job—he needed to work with Somers.
“There’s not really much more to say about Billy,” Hazard said. “I already told you what’s going on.”
“Are you sure? About what he’s been doing, I mean.”
“I’m sure.” That was all. Hazard didn’t need to tell Somers about the nights of following, the telephoto lens, the pictures, the phone records, the smirks on the faces of their so-called friends, the growing realization that everyone knew, that everyone had known, for so much longer than he had.
“Why?” Somers blushed and bit his lip. “That didn’t come out right. What I meant was, why are you still with him?”
“We haven’t talked about it.”
Somers didn’t say anything, but shock showed on his face.
“If I bring it up,” Hazard said, “he’ll leave. It’s as simple as that. Billy knows he’s got the upper hand. We fight about everything in the whole goddamn world, everything except about what’s really going on with Tom. I mean, Christ, by this point Billy has to know that I know. But it doesn’t matter. He . . .” Hazard didn’t know how to finish, so he trailed off.
“Um, maybe I’m missing something,” Somers said, “and pardon my French, but who the fuck cares if he leaves? Let him go. He’s an asshole—he’s been cheating on you for a year. You’re smart. You’re a cop. You’re hot—don’t give me that look, you are. You’ve got that whole long-haired, sullen, pouty thing going for you. That’s like the trifecta of gay wet dreams, right? Did you see how that guy was looking at you yesterday? He just about jumped your bones right there, in the middle of an interview.”
Hazard shrugged. “There’s more to it than that.” And that was true, but he didn’t want to explain it: he didn’t want to tell Somers about Alec LaTourneau, who had beat Hazard with a belt just to get a boner. He didn’t want to tell Somers that he had let Alec hit him, that he had stayed because Alec had been his first real boyfriend—
—except for Jeff—
—and because it had been the first time that someone hadn’t been horrified by who Emery Hazard really was. Or maybe that wasn’t true; a part of Hazard still wondered if the hitting and beating had been because even Alec had been disgusted, deep down, by the real Emery Hazard. And when Hazard had finally left—and left Alec LaTourneau with a broken jaw—Billy had been there. Literally. Billy had been smoking at the bottom of the stairs, and he’d picked up Hazard like a fish out of water. They’d been together ever since. How did you explain something like that, all those years, all that time shared?
“You want me to beat him up for you?” Somers asked.
Hazard burst out laughing, and a moment later Somers joined him. It felt good, like weight falling off his shoulders, like a cool breeze cleaning him out. And when the laughter faded, the mood in the car shifted. It was instant, invisible, and unspoken: an electric tension in the air, raising the hair on Hazard’s arms, making his heart skip. Somers gave Hazard one sidelong glance, those tide-pool eyes pulling on Hazard’s bones, dragging him deeper. Somers smiled, and the smile smoked with its own heat. It was a knowing smile, a let’s-fuck-around smile.
And Hazard, to his surprise, found himself returning the smile and wondering, in the back of his head, what the hell had just happened between them.
They drove the last fifteen minutes in silence, and when Somers spoke again, his voice was rough. “Here we are,” he said as he turned off the highway and onto a gravel road that would take them to their meeting with the Ozark Volunteers.

Chapter 15
October 25
Tuesday
6:02pm

As the Impala bounced along the gravel road, stirring chalky clouds behind it, Somers tried to get himself back under control. What had happened? The question kept running through his head. One minute, he and Hazard had been exchanging details about their respective failed relationships. Somers had said something—some dumb joke, something just to break the tension—and they’d both been laughing. And then, a moment later, everything had changed. Lightning. That’s the only thing Somers could compare it to. Sticking his tongue to a lightning rod when a storm was in full swing, that kind of jolt. And then he’d looked over and seen Emery Hazard, so fucking hot that it was a miracle everything in twenty yards hadn’t burst into flames.
And that was the part that had shaken up Somers, shaken him up like a can of beer in a paint mixer, the simple fact that Hazard was hot. Somers wasn’t one of those macho, outdated guys who couldn’t admit when another man was good looking. He had eyes. He knew when a man was hot or not. And sure, in college, a couple of times he’d messed around with Ricky Wade, the year they’d been roommates. But messing around was one thing, and the way Hazard looked—
Somers pulled his head back to the present. They followed the gravel drive, which curled through a thick hardwood growth. The trees grew so close to the road that their branches scraped and rattled against the Impala. Within minutes, the state highway vanished behind them, and then the only thing left was the trees and the dust and the winding gravel. The smell of the gravel filtered through the car’s vents, and it made Somers’s mouth dry. Or maybe his mouth was dry for another reason.
Hazard’s voice interrupted his thoughts; as always, Hazard sounded cool, almost distant. “Who are we going to see?”
“Here,” Somers said, fumbling the piece of paper that Upchurch had given him from his jacket and passing it to Hazard.
“Mimi. That’s all he gave you?”
“He said she’s relatively new to the Ozark Volunteers, but she’s already a big deal. Moving up pretty quickly.”
“You know her?”
Somers shook his head.
“God,” Hazard said, turning the paper in his fingers—long, strong fingers, Somers noticed before shaking the thought away. “She’s probably an eighty-year-old racist under a few inches of hair bluing and cold cream.”
“High expectations.”
“What is this place?” Hazard asked. “You ever been back here?”
“No. There’s a lot of places like this. Farms, ranches, cabins, hunting lodges. A lot of them are just trailers, though. Land’s pretty cheap out here, and sometimes the people who end up in the Volunteers will just pile trailers onto a piece of land—friends, family, anybody who needs a place.”
“Great. We’re driving right into a trailer-trash compound. We’ll be lucky if we don’t have to shoot our way out.”
“We’ll be fine. They’re stupid, but they’re not that stupid. And anyway—”
Somers forgot was he was about to say, though, because at that moment the trees dropped away, and a long stretch of open ground opened up in front of them. Most of the fields were planted with corn, heavy and golden in the lowering sunlight, the stalks crisply golden—
—the color of Hazard’s eyes—
—with one last, late harvest. Beyond the cornfields, a house rose on a bluff. It wasn’t a trailer. It wasn’t, as Hazard had put it, a trailer-trash compound. It was beautiful, modern, and it must have cost a fortune—more, Somers knew, than he’d ever make in a lifetime. Mostly glass and steel, with walls of windows that burned an opaque orange in the sunlight, the house looked like something plucked out of an architectural magazine. People talked about houses like this in Wahredua—rich people came to the Ozarks like everyone else, and they put up some flashy buildings like this—but Somers had never heard about this particular one.
“What the hell is that?” Hazard asked.
“That’s trouble,” Somers said.
“That’s a lot of money.”
“That’s what I mean: trouble.”
Hazard, when he spoke next, had a calculating note in his voice. “What do you know about the Ozark Volunteers?”
“What do you mean? You grew up here. You know what I know.”
“No, I don’t think I do. In fact, I’m starting to think neither of us knows anything about them.”
As the Impala trundled up the bluff and towards the glass mansion, Somers asked, “What do you mean?”
“I mean, look at this place. It’s money, and you’re right that it means trouble. But if this is one of the rising stars of the Volunteers—and that’s what Upchurch said—then it also means that we don’t know what we’re sticking our noses into.”
“You mean,” Somers said, studying the structure as they drove towards it, “they’ve got more resources than we expected. More organization. A bigger reach.”
“Yeah, all of that. But I also mean that they’re not white-trash rejects. They’re not . . . they’re not pariahs. People who build houses like that, people with the money and the, I don’t know, the taste for lack of a better word, they’re not social outcasts living off government subsidies.”
Somers felt the bottom of his stomach drop out, and he forced himself to speak the next words. “They’re important people. And they’re not afraid to be connected to the Ozark Volunteers.”
“And what the hell does that mean?” Hazard asked, his voice pitched so low that Somers knew he wasn’t meant to answer the question.
When they pulled to a stop in front of the house, Somers said, “You want to call this off? We can go back, talk to Upchurch again, pull the details on this land and the house. Better to walk in with our eyes open.”
Hazard stared through the window, studying the house. His big hands were clenched in fists again, and blood trickled from under the bandages. “No,” he finally said. “They’ve already seen us. If we leave, they might not be here when we come back. Or they might be prepared.”
“This is one of Upchurch’s contacts,” Somers said. “They want to help.”
“No, they want something. We just don’t know what it is yet.”
There wasn’t much to say to that, so Somers got out of the car. Hazard followed, sponging blood from his hand with a handkerchief. Somers didn’t know how Hazard had managed to split his knuckles open, but the wounds looked like something you’d get from throwing a lot of hard punches. Had somebody tried to cause trouble with the new detective? Had somebody tried to hurt Hazard?
“Hey,” Somers said, and when Hazard glanced at him, Somers nodded at the bandaged hand. “You’d tell me if something went down and you needed help, right?”
“Huh?” Hazard glanced at the bloody bandages and then shook his head. “It wasn’t like that.”
“But you’d tell me?”
“If I wanted you to beat someone up for me?” Hazard smiled as he echoed Somers’s earlier joke.
“I’m serious,” Somers said, but he was fighting a smile too. “You say the word.”
Hazard shook his head and, without further response, jabbed the doorbell. From inside the house came a pleasant chime. A moment later, the door swung open. The women who stood there came very close to matching Hazard’s guess: she was short, with a mass of bluish-gray hair piled on her head, and pendulous, flabby arms that she raised towards the two detectives.
“Miss Mimi?” Somers said.
“Come on in,” the old woman said, the flabby skin of her arms swinging as she gestured. “She’ll be right down.”
“You’re not Mimi,” Hazard said.
The old woman shook her head and repeated, “Come on in.” As she tottered away from the door, Somers followed, with Hazard a step behind him. The foyer was impressive: high-ceilinged, slate tiles, a few aesthetically ambiguous ornaments in carefully placed niches, like this was some obscure museum instead of the home of a white supremacist leader. The old woman led them deeper into the house, into a large room that ran the length of the building. Three of the walls were glass, and they faced into the lowering sun, the tinted glass muting the world into tasteful shades of gray. Ivory-colored leather and polished chrome composed the furniture, which was arranged in clusters of sofas and chairs. It wasn’t like anything Somers had seen in Wahredua. It wasn’t like anything he’d seen outside an Ikea.
“Wait here,” the old woman said before shuffling off into the house.
As Somers turned in a circle, taking in the wealth and luxury displayed around him, an alarm began to ding in the back of his head. He knew he wasn’t as smart as Hazard. He knew that Hazard had, in his own way, already figured out the source of this alarm. But Somers could feel it now too, the sense of wrongness, the sense that he had missed something. The sense, he admitted to himself, that he had stuck his foot in a bear trap.
“Keep her busy,” Somers murmured.
Hazard nodded and positioned himself at the midpoint of the room, his back to the wall of windows, where he could watch both doorways. With one last glance over the icily perfect furnishings of the room, Somers hurried back the way they had come. He paused a moment in the foyer, taking a second inventory, but aside from the vases and sculptures in their lighted niches, nothing drew his eyes. 
He crossed the foyer and entered a dining room. A table set for eighteen took up most of the space, another startling contrast in gossamer white porcelain and black-stained wood. Another display of wealth. Another display of refinement, control, and power. More windows looked out over the cornfields, which had grown red as the sun dropped to the treeline. Red like they’d been washed in blood, and even Somers had to admit that was a little fanciful. Somers wondered what Hazard would think of the comparison; Hazard didn’t seem like he had an imaginative bone in his body. A stir of air brought the smell of incense, interrupting Somers’s thoughts, and the smell grew stronger as Somers passed the table.
One doorway, on his left, opened onto a state-of-the-art kitchen. It had granite counters long enough to land a jet plane, racks of gleaming cookware suspended from the ceiling, and enough knives to make Somers nervous. The old woman who had answered the door now sat in the kitchen, huddled in a battered easy chair on the far side of the room, with a dinged-up table at her side. The old woman—and the shabby furniture—were the only things in the house that didn’t look like they’d come out of a packing crate the day before. At the moment, the old woman’s head nodded, as though she were close to falling asleep. Somers let the door swing shut and continued moving through the dining room.
At the far end, double doors opened onto a study. The sound of raised voices made Somers pause. Hazard was one of them. The other belonged to a woman, and something about the tone was familiar, although it was hard to tell from a distance. Neither speaker sounded happy, and Somers smiled; Hazard could get a saint hopping mad without even realizing it, and Somers was counting on Hazard’s natural instinct for provocation to keep Mimi busy for a few more minutes. He slipped into the study.
Like the rest of the house, this room was a model of sleek, modern design: a glass-and-metal frame desk, tubular chairs with ivory-colored upholstery, a wall of windows that looked out on the darkening forest. Bookshelves covered two walls, and Somers snorted after a careful glance: the books had clearly been chosen because of their bindings and not because of any textual merit, and literary classics marched alongside old copies of Reader’s Digest—as well as books on native wildflowers, deer hunting, small motor maintenance, and the art of opening the inner eye—only because all those books shared bindings in the same range of color. Judging books, Somers thought with another snort, only by their covers.
It was the desk that took his interest. It was one of those exposed designs, with only a glass top—no drawers, no hiding places. Folders were stacked next to an open Macbook. Somers tapped the computer, but it was password locked, and he wasn’t willing to waste his remaining time trying to get past it. Instead, he shuffled the photographs. Hazard was right; they had walked into something that neither of them understood, and Somers was determined to get some clue of who they were dealing with—and why she was willing to help them—before going any further.
When he opened the first folder, though, a chill clamped around his chest. Glossy eight by tens filled the folder, all photographs of Emery Hazard. Emery Hazard coming out of the Art Deco doorway of his room at the Bridal Veil Motor Court. Emery Hazard buying coffee at the Casey’s where Mike Grames worked. Photographs documenting, from what Somers saw, most of Hazard’s time in Wahredua. Photos of Hazard half-carrying Somers into his apartment building. A photo of a man’s outline—it had to be Hazard, look at those fucking shoulders—silhouetted against the front window of Somers’s apartment. A photo of Hazard punching the brick wall by the Dumpster outside the Crofter’s Mark. So that was how he’d hurt his hand, Somers realized. But why the hell had he been punching the wall?
Somers set aside the folder and his questions. He took up the next folder and felt the chill tighten. These were pictures of him. Of John-Henry Somerset clapping a hand on Hazard’s shoulder. Of Somers leaning over Hazard’s shoulder in the station—in the goddamn station, how did they get pictures from in there—and looking at something on Hazard’s desk. The list of missing persons, Somers guessed. More and more. These pictures went back further. It made sense, Somers decided. Whoever had been watching them had had a lot longer to study him than Hazard. 
Many of the pictures, Somers was disgusted to see, showed him drinking. Drinking with Upchurch and Swinney and Lender. Drinking alone. Drinking until he was so puffy and shit-faced, so blasted out of his mind, that Somers barely recognized himself, and many of the photos stirred no memory. Shame—slinking deep inside him, so low it felt like it was in his knees—stirred. No wonder Upchurch had tried to warn Hazard. No wonder Hazard had gotten so pissed that he’d punched a brick wall. Somers was a fucking mess—no, worse than a mess, he was a fucking trainwreck. And here he was, in a stranger’s house, staring at the photographic evidence.
Towards the back of the folder, a photograph made Somers stop and grip the paper so tightly that it crinkled in his grip. It had been taken from a distance, with the sun setting in the background, so that the man in the photograph was nothing more than a black outline. But the rest of the details were clear: the white-washed cottage, the spring rye waving in the breeze, the rill that cut southwest, dropping down the sloping fields until it disappeared in the treeline. It was impossible to tell from the photograph, of course, but the man was crying. And he was carrying a forty. No, two forties. And he’d been drunk, shit-faced drunk, but not drunk enough that he’d forgotten. Not drunk enough to black out the memory of pounding on the door, begging Cora to talk to him, to let him see Evie, begging her to put a bullet in his head so he didn’t have to feel this way anymore.
Somers knew he was breathing funny. A rushing, tingling noise filled his ears. His fingers felt stiff, wooden, and when he folded the photograph he did it all wrong so that the paper bent at a wonky angle. He couldn’t do it any better, though, so he just folded it again, and again, and shoved it into his pocket. He dropped the folder, no longer caring that some of the photographs spilled out, revealing his presence in the room. He needed to get out of here. He needed fresh air. God, what he needed was a drink or ten. Somers staggered past the desk and towards the doors.
Raised voices met him, and the doors flew open. The woman who stood there was familiar, but Somers’s rage and pain kept him from trying to place her face. She was slender, built like a runway model, with wrists and ankles that looked like they’d snap if she picked up anything over five pounds. Her skin had a golden tan, and her dark hair met her shoulders in a perfectly trimmed line. Bare shoulders, Somers realized. The woman wore a simple, sleeveless white shift dress. The effect was stunning.
Behind her, Hazard wore an expression of twisted discomfort. A strand of his long, dark hair had fallen over his forehead, but as always he seemed oblivious. His big arms bunched over his chest, and his glare moved from the woman to Somers. He wasn’t just angry at the woman, Somers realized, and slowly realization trickled through his own welter of emotions. Hazard was angry at Somers. Why? Because Somers had sneaked off to explore? No, Hazard was a professional, and he understood the importance of a discreet look around. Because Somers had been caught? Maybe, but this seemed a magnitude of anger greater than that.
“John-Henry,” the woman said, and horror began to open up inside Somers because he recognized that voice. “This is an illegal search. Should I call my lawyer?”
Somers stared at her. It was the dark hair that had thrown him. It had gotten much, much darker, over the last few years. Or perhaps she’d simply dyed it. And she was thinner, of course. And her breasts—he jerked his eyes up to her face. The features were the same, only more refined. Mature. The kind of face that women would kill to have and men would kill to wake up next to. Even a man like Emery Hazard, Somers guessed.
He knew those features because, since high school, he’d been waking up to someone who looked very much like this woman.
“Hello, Naomi,” Somers said, wishing his voice didn’t sound so dry, wishing, in a sudden burst of clarity, that he’d taken all those photographs that were evidence of his dissolution, his despair, his complete and utter shittiness.
“Hazard,” Somers said, and damn his voice sounded dry, “you’ve already met Naomi, I guess.”
Hazard grunted.
“Judging by how pissed you look,” Somers managed to add, “I’m guessing she already told you I married her sister.”

Chapter 16
October 25
Tuesday
6:17pm

Hazard stared at Somers, trying to figure out what was going on. Somers’s last words still rang in the air. This woman—drop-dead gorgeous, even to a man like Emery Hazard—was Somers’s sister-in-law. Naomi Malsho, she had said when she’d found Hazard in the living room. And right then, Hazard had started to put together some of the clues. Hazard had, after all, grown up in Wahredua. He remembered what Cora Malsho looked like. Naomi was her younger sister, only a few years younger, but enough that Hazard had never known her. But the looks were there: the kind of beauty that could set a town on fire, with the embers still hot a hundred years later.
So why, Hazard wanted to know, did Somers look like he was about to toss his stomach? Sweating, pale under his perfectly golden complexion, Somers still looked like a Speedo model who’d wandered away from the beach—but now he looked like a Speedo model who’d had some bad seafood and needed a few hours on the toilet.
He hadn’t known, Hazard realized. Somehow, Somers hadn’t known that Naomi Malsho was Mimi, their contact in the Ozark Volunteers. It seemed impossible—after all, Upchurch and Somers had been partners, and Wahredua was such a small town that Somers must have known Naomi was back. But it was the only explanation Hazard could think of. No one, Hazard was pretty sure, could fake the look of terror and dismay on John-Henry Somerset’s face.
Some of Hazard’s anger eased with the realization; Somers hadn’t withheld the information. If anything, Somers’s overall pathetic appearance made Hazard relent. He realized no one had spoken since Somers had stated the obvious connection between Naomi and his wife. Hazard cleared his throat.
“It’s not an illegal search, Miss Malsho. Detective Somerset and I were invited inside. Legally, consent to entry was provided. We haven’t violated any of your rights.”
Naomi Malsho was cool, Hazard had to give her that. She glanced at him over her shoulder, but when she spoke, she addressed Somers. “I’d like to see what my lawyer has to say about that. People in this state are sick of militarized police invading private homes and trespassing citizens’ rights.”
Somers still looked like he’d been hit on the side of the head—poleaxed was the word that came to Hazard’s mind—and again Hazard spoke up. “As I said, Miss Malsho, we were invited inside. That pretty much settles the matter, as far as the Supreme Court is concerned.”
This time, Naomi didn’t bother looking back at Hazard. All her attention was focused on Somers. It reminded Hazard, in a way that sat uncomfortably in his stomach, of a cat watching a mouse. A very hungry cat. Something in Naomi Malsho was hungry in the same way: hungry for a cold, vivisecting violence.
“John-Henry,” Naomi murmured. “You’ve looked better.”
Something in the comment seemed to strike a note in Somers. Color came back to his face, even if it was nothing more than red slashes in his cheeks. He smiled, and his posture relaxed into his familiar, hey-bro, let’s-just-jam look, the one that made Hazard grind his teeth.
“Naomi, when did you get back?”
“Don’t pretend you’re happy to see me,” Naomi snapped, her cool facade shattering. 
Her hand whipped out, faster than Hazard had expected, but he had been ready. He caught her at the elbow, from behind, before the blow could land.
“Let go of me, you bastard,” Naomi said, spinning towards Hazard. Or rather, trying to spin towards him. Hazard moved with her, applying pressure to her elbow, controlling her turn and momentum until she let out a pained cry.
“All right,” Somers muttered, moving to Hazard’s side. He still looked peaked, like—
—what had Lady Mabbe said, he has poison inside him?—
—he was running a fever, but he was closer to the John-Henry that Hazard had come to expect. “Let her go, you’re hurting her.”
“She assaulted a police officer,” Hazard said, but he released Naomi’s elbow. Whether from her own momentum or out of a desire to make a scene, Naomi staggered forward, thudding into the long, dining table and sending plates and bowls skidding along its surface. Hazard studied her; it had been an act, he decided. A very good act—she was turning towards them now, her face flushed, and the look only heightened her beauty. Yes, she was very good at all of this. 
Hazard had known people like her. People who were good at managing people. Billy was one of those people. No matter which way Hazard went—left or right—Billy seemed to know it, seemed to have figured it out a step before, but it always felt like Hazard was the one making the call. Hazard felt a prickle of danger, low at the base of his spine. What else was she good at? How much of this, he wondered, had she scripted? And how closely were they following the script without even meaning to?
“You bastard,” Naomi said, but again her words, her eyes, her whole existence was focused on Somers. Hazard fought the urge to roll his eyes. “You’re enjoying this. You came here just to—”
“Why don’t you go outside?” Hazard said to Somers.
Naomi blinked. That hadn’t been part of the script, Hazard guessed. She had tried seducing him, in the living room, and that hadn’t gone over well either.
Somers couldn’t seem to break eye contact with Naomi, who was flushed, her chest heaving with agonized breaths. Hazard elbowed him. Hard.
“God,” Somers grunted. “I don’t think—”
“Why don’t you get a breath of fresh air? Right now.”
“I—”
Hazard elbowed him again. Harder.
“Break my damn rib,” Somers yelped, massaging his side, but he took a step towards the door.
“No,” Naomi cried. Her voice sounded terrified, and most of it, Hazard knew, was an act. But part of it was real. This wasn’t going the way she had hoped. “I don’t feel comfortable with—with him. He scares me. I—”
Hazard caught Somers by the arm and held up his free hand to silence her. He fixed Naomi with his gaze, and for the first time since they had found Somers in the study, she returned his look. It was a furious, defiant gaze, but it held a measure of respect. Naomi was used to men—even men like Somers—doing what she wanted, following the rules of her game. It might have worked with Hazard, too—even though he might not want to sleep with her—except he’d had too many years of letting Billy lead him around by the nose. Billy made Naomi Malsho look like a toddler playing duck-duck-goose.
“Haz—” Somers started to say, but Hazard shook him by the arm, and Somers—with a surprising display of wisdom—went silent.
For another moment, Hazard continued to hold Naomi’s gaze. Then, he rolled his shoulders and released Somers. “Are we done with this?”
Naomi pulled herself upright, dropping the pose of a frightened woman and assuming, again, the cool confidence Hazard had seen earlier. She cocked her head at Hazard, studying him with obvious new interest. Then she nodded.
“John-Henry,” she began, turning towards Somers.
“No,” Hazard said. “You can talk to me.”
Anger moved over her face like a shadow in a mirror—and then it was gone. “Detective Hazard,” she said, adjusting her body towards him. “I remember you, you know. Shy, skinny, that mess of hair like you’d never seen a comb. Did you ever—”
“Miss Malsho, we’re here to talk to you about a recent crime, perhaps a series of crimes, and about anything you might be able to tell us.”
“All business. Very well. What do you think I can tell you?”
“Do you go by the name Mimi?”
“Hazard,” Somers started to say, “she’s not—”
“When I’m working with the Volunteers, yes. You can call me Naomi, though. That’s what John-Henry’s used to.”
Somers’s jaw dropped. “Naomi, you’ve got to be kidding. The Ozark Volunteers? Those—those losers? Those drugged-up, racist—”
“That’s enough,” Hazard said.
Naomi was smiling, though. “No, go on, John-Henry. What do you think of the Volunteers?”
“As I said, we’re here to ask for your help. Are you associated with the Ozark Volunteers?”
Again that anger flashed in the mirror of her face. “I’ve already said that I am.”
Somers was shaking his head.
“And what is your role within the Volunteers?” Hazard asked.
“I’m a specialist.”
“What is your specialization?”
“Throwing parties. John-Henry can tell you that. I helped plan his wedding.” For the first time, genuine emotion seemed to fill her voice—a venomous hatred that soaked the last words.
“And you’ve helped Detective Renard Upchurch with investigations in the past? Investigations involving the Ozark Volunteers?”
Naomi’s gaze moved past Hazard and Somers and settled on the window. She crossed the room and stood at the glass, staring out over the corn, and she shrugged. “Yes.”
“In what role?”
“In the role of a defender of my people.”
“Your people?”
“White people.”
Somers made a strangled noise in his throat, and Hazard shot him a furious glare.
“My people,” Naomi continued, still staring through the glass, “are decent, hard-working, white Americans. Christians, although I don’t really need to say that since the Jews are an inferior race and aren’t truly white or American. And my people are in bondage, Detective Hazard. In bondage to foreign oligarchies, in bondage to the Jewish syndicates, in bondage to a militarized police state intent on depriving American citizens of their God-given rights, in bondage to the blacks who suckle at the government teat. In bondage,” she turned, framed by the rust-colored sunset, towards Hazard, “to the gays and the lesbians, whose only desire is to destroy the family and leave a wreckage of sodomites in their wake. Those are my people, and I’ll do whatever I can to set them free.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Somers said under his breath.
Hazard ignored him. His whole attention was focused on Naomi Malsho, who stared at him like an ancient queen, bound to the sun, furious and divine. It was a very good act, he thought. Very, very good. And some of it, perhaps, was true. The racist and homophobic parts, at least, had something true in them.
“Why do you help the police?”
Naomi blinked. “I’m not helping them, Detective. I already told you. I’m helping my people.”
“Let me be frank, Miss Malsho. It’s time for you to help your people again. Two members of the Ozark Volunteers were involved with a murder that they attempted to cover up with arson. We need you to help us find them. You can help by pointing us to the men who were involved and, in doing so, protecting the rest of your people from—how did you put it? A militarized police state?”
“That’s a lie,” she said, the words smooth and even and controlled.
“It’s not a lie, Naomi,” Somers said. “We have a witness who puts them there.”
Naomi smiled, moving towards them now, and the rust-colored sunset behind her blotted out her features and turned her into nothing more than a composite of graceful lines. “That’s not what I meant. The two men were there. I’m sure of that. But what you said was a lie. They weren’t both involved with the murder.”
“They had the tattoo—” Somers began.
She waved a hand, cutting him off. “As I said, I’m sure they were both there. And I rather imagine they were Volunteers. But you’re not listening to me, John-Henry. I’m not arguing about the facts. I’m arguing about your interpretation.”
“Jesus Christ,” Hazard said, and suddenly he was thinking of Billy again, and all the times Billy had done this exact same thing, led him right where he wanted and thought Hazard couldn’t see it, couldn’t ever figure it out.
“What?” Somers said.
“She’s saying they weren’t the killers,” Hazard said. “She’s saying they’re the victims.”

Chapter 17
October 25
Tuesday
6:30pm

Again, Naomi Malsho seemed surprised that Hazard had spoken her; Hazard had the sense that for Naomi, the only person of interest in the room, possibly in the county, was John-Henry Somerset. But after Hazard had spoken his realization, Naomi turned her attention to him.
“Close,” she said. “Although that’s not quite what I meant. I believe one of the men you saw was the victim you found. The other—the other I’m not sure.”
Somers was shaking his head; he had the look of a man on cartoon ice, slipping every way no matter how he tried to get his feet. “Hold on. Hazard, what are you talking about? You’re saying—”
“I’m saying she thinks the Ozark Volunteers are the victim. She’s saying one of those two men was the body we found in the trailer. That’s right, Miss Malsho?”
“That’s right.”
“Can you give us a lead? The names of our potential victims?”
Naomi considered the question, tilting her head. Behind her, the sunset filled the glass wall with fire, framing her so that she looked like a saint from a medieval painting. “Come this way,” she said, leading them into the study. She circled the glass desk, sat in the high-backed chair, and crossed her legs. Through the glass desktop, the movement—and its effect—were perfectly visible. Hazard fought a sudden, grim smile; tangling with Naomi Malsho, he decided, wasn’t like dealing with a medieval saint. Maybe a medieval devil, though—one of those hundred-armed monsters that could tie you up without even trying.
Naomi’s attention was already drifting back to Somers. Running her hands over the desk, brushing a pair of folders that had spilled onto the tabletop—pictures of Somers, Hazard realized with a start—Naomi smiled. “John-Henry, you’ve been going through my things.”
“Why do you have those pictures?”
“What? These?”
Hazard shot Somers a glance, and Somers said, “Pictures of you. And of me.”
“Well, Miss Malsho?” Hazard asked.
“Don’t be silly. There just photos. Nothing wrong with that.”
Leaning forward, Hazard snagged one of the folders and flipped it open. Somers was right; the folder held dozens of photographs of Somers: at work, at the bar, on the street. Somers in the morning light, Somers with his face half-hidden by shadow. It looked like a modeling shoot, Hazard thought. Every picture, every goddamn one, showed the same perfect features. Even when he was drunk off his ass, Somers was drop-dead gorgeous.
“Like what you see, Detective?”
Hazard slid the folder back towards the woman and took the other. It held a handful of pictures of him. He tapped the one at the window, the one that showed him with his chest bare. The scar was visible, the scar on his chest made of three shiny lines, where Mikey Grames had tried to carve his initial while Somers and Hugo Perry held Hazard’s arms. It had been taken through the window at the Bridal Veil Motor Court.
Tapping the photograph, Hazard said, “Pictures taken on public property are fine, Miss Malsho, but this is an invasion of privacy.”
Naomi briskly gathered the photographs and stacked the folders at her side. “Pictures may be taken of private areas if they are taken from a public space. Trust me, my photographer made certain he was on a public road when he took those photographs.”
“Hotel and motel rooms, as well as bedrooms, bathrooms, and the like, are an exception to that rule.”
“It’s hard to make a case for privacy when the occupant stands at the window, preening, shirtless. Perhaps advertising for business. What did you use to call it, John-Henry? Trolling for queers?”
At the question, Somers seemed to snap out of his daze. The slashes of color on his cheekbone darkened, and he said, “That’s enough, Naomi.”
Naomi’s runway features twisted into a sneer. “College made you a limp dick, John-Henry. You know that? It happens too often. All these godless, liberal professors spewing lies, warping minds. I remember you in high school. I remember when you shoved this faggot down a flight of stairs because he gave you the eye at lunch. And now look at you: prancing to his tune, smiling as he ogles your pictures, getting off on the attention. Thank God you ruined things with Cora; I wouldn’t have the heart to tell her what you’ve turned out to be.”
Before Hazard could fully process what Naomi had said—he had given Somers the eye at lunch, and that’s why Somers had pushed him down the stairs? What the hell was she talking about?—Somers surged out of his seat. His hand clapped down on the desk so hard that Hazard was sure the glass had broken. The sound rang through the study, and the force of the blow shifted the stacked folders and sent them sliding to the ground, where they spilled photographs everywhere. Among them, Hazard was surprised to see a spray of black-and-white glossies of Detective Elizabeth Swinney.
“That’s enough, I said.” Somers took a breath, and he looked like he was wrestling with something a hundred times larger than he. “Now, let’s have it, Naomi. Upchurch called you, asked if you had anything on this, and you said you wanted to help. If all you have is your claim that one of your friends died in the fire, give us a name and we’ll clear out. If you have something else, let’s hear it. But if you called us out here so that you could make a fool of yourself and insult me and my partner, we’re going to leave.”
“Of course I have more,” Naomi said. “I’m not a fool, John-Henry. I don’t want this coming back on the Volunteers. For too long, the Volunteers have been the whipping boys of this county. They’ve been the victims, taking the blame for every crime that our PC mayor and police chief were too afraid to prosecute. Vandalism, prostitution, robbery, assault. These are ethnic crimes, John-Henry. Did you know that there’s a direct correlation between the college’s recruitment of blacks and Mexicans and the crime statistics? Look back about twenty years. Think about what this town was like when you were here in high school. You’ve seen the changes, John-Henry. You know. You could leave your door open. You could walk the darkest streets without any fear. Now? Good Lord, I have to carry a gun every day, John-Henry, because I’m afraid for my life.”
Hazard tried to study her. He tried to fight the surge of fury that awoke in him at her description of the past. Her eyes, he was shocked to discover, were clear and shining, the eyes of a woman who believes she’s in the right and who believes she has all the answers tucked up her sleeves. But mostly he was thinking about Jeff Langham, who had blown out the back of his head, and he wanted to ask her how safe Jeff Langham had been twenty years ago.
It took a moment for Hazard to realize that Somers was talking because Somers words sounded eerily close to Hazard’s own thoughts. “Twenty years ago? You think twenty years ago Wahredua was some shiny  Norman Rockwell painting? You’re insane, Naomi. Sift through your photos down there, find that one of Hazard at the window. Do it.” Naomi hesitated, then she shuffled the stack of papers until she produced the photo. Somers ripped it from her hand and pointed to the scar visible in the photograph. “Twenty years ago, in your precious all-white paradise, me and Mikey Grames and Hugo Perry carved that into Hazard with Mikey’s fucking pocket knife. That’s the shit you want to go back to? They should have fucking strung us up, Naomi, and nobody even blinked an eye. Everybody knew and nobody so much as goddamn blinked. That’s what you want?”
The words left Hazard speechless and empty, as though an icy, arctic gale were blasting its way through him.
Naomi, though, seemed less affected. “I didn’t say it was perfect. I said there was a correlation—”
“Correlation,” Hazard said through numb lips, “is not causation.”
Somers gave Hazard an appraising look, as though he’d heard something in Hazard’s voice that Hazard hadn’t meant to give away. Tossing the photograph onto the desktop, Somers said, “Give us the name and anything else you have. No more speeches, Naomi, or we’re out of here.”
Naomi compressed her lips until they formed a white line. She stirred the pile of fallen papers with one foot until she produced a single sheet on which a driver’s license had been photocopied, which she passed to Somers.
“Charles Armistead. He’s missing.”
“The fire was this morning, Naomi. How long has he been missing?”
“He was supposed to come to a meeting last night. He didn’t. No one has been able to find him today.”
“Did you check his apartment? Did you try his cell phone? Did you call family and friends?”
“Of course we did. No one has any idea where he is.”
Somers squinted at the photocopied license and then passed it to Hazard. The copy was grainy, and the man’s picture on the license—poor quality to begin with—told Hazard nothing. The man might have been bald. He might have had very light-colored hair. He might have been wearing a ten-gallon hat. The details on the license helped a little more, but not much: thirty-two years old, five-ten, a hundred and ninety pounds. The general build and profile matched the victim from the fire, but so did thousands of other people in Dore County.
“Do you have a better picture?” Hazard asked.
Naomi shook her head. “Like many of the Volunteers, Chuckie wanted to live off-grid as much as possible. Our fascist, interfering government required a photo ID to operate his legally owned vehicle—think about that, if you want to think about something really crazy—but otherwise, Chuckie refused to make himself a victim of Big Brother.”
“What the hell does that mean, Naomi?” Somers asked. “Can you speak English for once?”
“It means he refused to be a cog in the machine.”
“It means,” Hazard said, “he avoided anything that would document his presence, activities, that kind of stuff. I assume you mean unofficially as well—no Facebook, no Twitter, nothing like that?”
Hazard spotted the lie, but only because he was looking for it. “Of course he didn’t,” Naomi said, her eyes flicking away from Hazard’s face. “No utility bills, no banking, none of that, as far as it was possible.”
“Great,” Somers said, heaving a sigh. “You want us to prove that a ghost got murdered. We need something, Naomi. Where did he live? Who can we talk to?”
“Chuckie’s people aren’t interested in talking to you. And they couldn’t help you even if they wanted to. Nobody knows what happened to him.”
“So what can you give us?”
“I can give you his killer.”
Hazard’s eyebrows shot up at this. “That’s very convenient.”
“It’s more than convenient, Detective. It’s justice.” Naomi tapped at her computer, and then she rotated the laptop and displayed the screen. On it, a blown-up photograph showed a small woman, obviously of Asian descent, who wore jeans and a T-shirt and her hair cut in a short, skater style. In one hand, she held a sign that said, Lock and Load, Ladies. “This,” Naomi said, “is Lynn Fukuma. She insists on being called Lynk, but her given name is Lynn. She’s a professor at Wroxall College. And she’s the one who killed Chuckie.”
Hazard leaned forward, studying the picture. It had obviously been taken at some sort of rally or demonstration, and up close he noticed details he hadn’t seen from a distance: red war paint on Lynk’s face, the fury in her expression, and a second sign, on the ground at her feet, that read, Cis = Hate, Hetero = Death. She looked, if he were honest, like a woman capable of killing—she had a fanatic’s expression. The same expression, in Hazard’s mind, as the one that Naomi Malsho wore.
“Looks kind of small to be killing a big man like Armistead,” Somers muttered.
“Obviously she had help,” Naomi said, whirling the computer to face her. “And she didn’t need to be big to kill Chuckie. All she needed was a gun—which, trust me, she has plenty of.”
Hazard was thinking back to the bones. The ME had been passed out, and the report hadn’t listed a cause of death. With only the bones remaining after the carefully controlled burn of the arson—an intentional effort to hide the victim’s identity—it would be very difficult to identify a cause of death. Only incidental damage to the bones would offer any clue. If the victim had been shot, there would likely be some sort of indication. But it wasn’t a guarantee.
“Why do you think Ms. Fukuma would want to harm Mr. Armistead?” Hazard asked.
“Because she’s part of the militarized, gay-friendly establishment. And she’s backed by Wahredua’s queerer than hell police department. She’s part of the powers that are trying to wipe out the traditional family. She wants to destroy the values that made America great. And Chuckie wasn’t going to let that pass. He stood up to her. He faced her down. And after that, after they went head to head, everyone saw Fukuma for what she was: a power-hungry tyrant, looking for a way to oppress decent people. She couldn’t let that go. She couldn’t let Chuckie live after that. If she has her way, the police and the National Guard and the Army will be out here in a few weeks, hunting the Volunteers down like dogs, swinging our babies around by the feet and shattering their skulls against the walls. That’s what Lynn Fukuma wants for the Volunteers, and she’s already gotten away with it once.”
By the end of this speech, Naomi was shouting, and two red circles had burned through the perfect tan of her cheeks. Drawing in a long breath, Naomi dropped back into her seat and waved a hand at them. “But I don’t expect you two to care. If Upchurch were still around, he might do something. You two?” Her eyes slid to Hazard before snapping back to Somers. “You’re part of the machine. You’ll do your part, just like happy little machines, and in a few weeks or a few months or a few years, you’ll come for the Volunteers, just like Fukuma wants, and it’ll be outright war.”
The air in the study tasted stale to Hazard; everything had the dry, recirculated flavor of industrial air conditioning. It was, he realized, the flavor of Naomi’s particular form of craziness, and all of the sudden Hazard wanted to be outside. Needed to be outside, breathing in fresh air, away from all this crazy.
“We’ll look into it, Naomi,” Somers said. He glanced at Hazard, and Hazard nodded and got to his feet. 
They made their way towards the front door, and when they stepped outside, the warmth and the humidity rushed over Hazard, full of the smell of golden corn and red dirt, full of the hum of a transformer and the high-tension lines. Hazard started for the car, but Somers caught his sleeve, and the wool rasped against Hazard’s arm.
“You think of anything else we need to know,” Somers said, passing a card to Naomi, “give us a call.”
Naomi, her bare arms a reddish-copper color in the setting sun, leaned against the doorframe. Her hair brushed perfectly sculpted shoulders as she slowly turned her head. “If you want anything from the Volunteers, John-Henry, you need to talk to me. I’m your only safe road. I have the feeling, though, that we might not see each other again until you come to burn us out, take our land, and put us to death.”
“We can always hope,” Hazard said, tugging free of Somers’s grip and moving to the Impala.
Somers lingered by the doorway, though. “Who was the other guy? The other Volunteer, I mean. Do you think he got killed too? Or maybe he’s your killer.”
Namoi shook her head.
“Why? Why couldn’t your killer be in the Volunteers?”
“Because we would already have found him and taken care of him.”
Hazard lowered himself into the passenger seat and listened as Somers asked, “Then who was he?”
“He was the killer masquerading as a Volunteer.”
Against his own wishes, Hazard called out, “Wouldn’t Armistead have recognized him? Wouldn’t he have known that he wasn’t really a Volunteer?”
Naomi didn’t answer, but she didn’t need to: Hazard could read the answer in her face. Armistead would have known. So why had he gone along with the deception?
Somers sighed, hesitated, seemingly torn between the Impala and continuing his conversation with Naomi. Hazard watched the blond man. Did Somers have fond memories of Naomi? Did he still enjoy her company, in spite of all the insane things she had said? Or was he drawn to her simply because she looked so much like his wife? Hazard wasn’t sure, but he didn’t like the way Somers looked at her, he didn’t like the way Somers leaned towards her when he spoke, he didn’t like the look in Somers’s eyes, like Somers was seeing something from a hundred miles off and wanted to get there fast.
Finally, Somers sighed again and moved towards the Impala. As Somers pulled himself into the car, Naomi called to them from the front door. Her white shift dress fluttered at her knees; it stood out in stark contrast to the house’s darkness, and it reminded Hazard of everything else about this place: the careful stage of contrasts, the museum-like precision, and the nagging feeling that he was watching something carefully staged.
“John-Henry, I don’t know if you heard, but Kaylee’s going to be in town this weekend. I’d love to—”
Whatever else she was going to say was cut off by the sound of Somers slamming his door. Somers sat there for a moment, his fine-boned hands gripping the steering wheel, face pale like he’d been shot. Then he shifted the car into gear and pulled away in a spray of gravel and dust that swallowed the house behind them.
Hazard wasn’t sure why, but that made him feel better. He reached over, gripped Somers’s shoulder, and squeezed once.
“Fucking hell,” Somers said, and that was the only thing they said the whole drive back to town.
Hazard nodded, though. That pretty much summed it up.

Chapter 18
October 25
Tuesday
7:10pm

Somers drove straight to Saint Taffy’s, the bar where he and Hazard had gone the night before. They parked at the station and walked the few blocks to Market Street, where the rush hour traffic had slowed to a steady pulse. Again, Hazard was struck by how much Warhedua had changed: the trendy waterfront, the brick warehouses transformed into lofts, the dive-bars changed into the kind of nightlife that would attract young professionals and the wealthier breed of college student. The river smell was the same, muddy and fishy, but now it mixed with exhaust from the increased traffic and with the yeast and hot oil smells for the pubs lining the street.
By the time they’d reached Saint Taffy’s, sweat prickled along Hazard’s neck, and he was grateful for the rush of air-conditioned cool as they stepped into the dark bar. The yeasty beer smell was stronger here, as well as the odor of fried fish. Lots of fried fish. Hazard’s stomach rumbled; he was sure he’d eaten lunch, but he wasn’t sure when. Or, for that matter, what. A headache formed a dot between his eyes, a sign that the long day—which had started with the midnight call to the arson scene—was taking its toll. Somers waved at the bartender, obviously a usual, and led Hazard to the same spot at the back behind the pool table.
Their waitress, when she arrived, looked barely old enough to drive, let alone to take an order for drinks. Hazard noticed that this didn’t stop Somers from staring down her shirt. Or, for that matter, from typical straight guy banter that made the girl smile and laugh and, at the end, blush a little. Hazard didn’t blame her; he was, after all, John-Henry Somerset.
Somers started with a Bud Lite and ordered a burger. Hazard ordered a Guinness and that night’s special: fish and chips. When the drinks arrived, Somers pounded his down so fast that the waitress didn’t have time to leave the table. Somers just raised a finger, and the girl trotted off to fetch another. Hazard fixed his partner with a look.
“Just the two,” Somers said, coloring slightly. “That was one hell of an interview.”
“You’d better fill me in.”
“I already told you. I screwed up. Big time.”
“Not that. She brought that up to get you off balance. She didn’t want you thinking about the last question.”
“What?”
“About Armistead and why he would have gone along with somebody pretending to be a Volunteer. She was playing mind games.”
Somers blinked beerily. “Damn.”
“So you’d better fill me in on her and on your wife and anything else I need to know.”
“Like what.”
“Timeline first. Everything that went down with your wife and where you’re at right now. And don’t look at me like that; I told you my shit with Billy.” Or enough of it, Hazard thought. “Whether you want it or not, your sister-in-law is deep in this, and that means I need to know what’s going on so she doesn’t use it to string us both up.”
“That’s a little dramatic, don’t you think?” Somers asked, his mouth twisting sourly. He raised his hand for another a drink, and when Hazard glared at him, Somers changed his order to a Coke.
“It’s not dramatic,” Hazard said as soon as the waitress had left, “considering those photographs she had. That was a hell of a lot of pictures of you and me.”
“You think that has something to with the case?”
“You think it doesn’t?”
Somers sipped at his Coke. “It’s not—I mean, it’s got to be personal, right? She’s mad at me because of what I did, so she’s been watching me, looking for any more cheating, relationships, that kind of stuff.”
“And where do I fit in? Your relationships?”
Somers flushed. “You’re my partner. She’s curious. Besides, you’re a—”
“Freak?”
“A stranger. Or not really a stranger, but you’re new, relatively speaking. A lot of people want to know about you. You wouldn’t believe how many people have asked me—” Somers cut off, his flush deepening, and said, “Naomi’s probably just satisfying her curiosity.”
“With an expensive private investigator?” Hazard shook his head. “And anyway, that can’t be what’s going on.”
“Why?”
“Because she had a picture of Swinney in that stack. In fact, I’m willing to bet she had a whole folder on Swinney. And one on Lender too. All the Wahredua detectives.”
Somers screwed up his perfect features in thought. “What she said about Fukuma, about her being backed by Wahredua’s queer police department—I thought she was just taking a jab at you.”
“But?”
“What about Swinney?”
Hazard laughed in spite of himself and took a pull of Guinness. “You think Swinney’s gay?”
“I’m not trying to play into stereotypes,” Somers said with a shrug, “but there’s a stereotype for a reason. Single female cop, tough as balls.” He shrugged again.
“Swinney’s not gay.”
“You don’t—”
Hazard laughed again. “She’s not.”
With another sour look, Somers said, “How are you so sure? You’re not really an expert on straight women, are you?”
“I’m an expert on how people look at hot guys, men and women.” Hazard fixed Somers with a look to communicate the rest of his message.
For a moment, Somers didn’t seem to understand. Then he said, “No way. She and I—we never—”
“Whether you did or didn’t, she looks at you like you’re hanging in a butcher’s window.” Hazard took another drink of Guinness, fighting another laugh. “Trust me, she’s not gay.”
At that moment, their waitress returned, bubbling over with good spirits and tossing her hair and doing everything short of climbing out of her skirt to get Somers to notice her. She brought their food, and when Hazard took his first bite of fish, Somers said something to the waitress in a low voice. As she went off to get him a beer, Somers took a furious bite of his burger and met Hazard’s glare.
“If I’m going to talk about Cora, I need something stronger than a Coke.”
Hazard didn’t say anything; he worked on his fish and chips while Somers ate his burger. The Bud Lite came back, and then another, and then a third. By the time Hazard and Somers had finished eating, the empties took up most of the table, and neither man had spoken a word.
“All right,” Somers said, his voice now fuzzy with beer and his eyes dull as he pushed away his empty plate. “You want to know about Naomi.”
“No,” Hazard said. “I need to know what the hell we just stepped into. But I’d like to hear it from my partner when he’s not trying to float his ass with cheap domestic beer.”
“Yeah, I get it. I’m a fuck up. Everybody knows I’m a fuck up.”
“I’d also prefer the version that has all the self-pity edited out.”
Somers bridled, his head going back, his nostrils flaring, but he didn’t say anything and he didn’t leave. After a moment, he sagged in his seat. He waved at the waitress.
“Give it a freaking break,” Hazard said through gritted teeth, but Somers ignored him.
“Look, it’s my life we’re ripping apart,” Somers said. “I’ll have a drink if I want to.”
“You had a drink,” Hazard said. “And about five more.”
Again they lapsed into furious silence. Five more minutes of this wallowing, Hazard thought, and he’d go back to the hotel. The headache between his eyes had dilated into a neutron star, and he wanted to pop a few Tylenol and drop into bed for ten hours and try to forget he was in Wahredua. He might not even try to call Billy, not after the way their phone call had gone that afternoon. Just go to sleep and not have to deal with everything until he woke up. But instead of leaving, Hazard flagged down the waitress and ordered another Guinness.
“All right,” Somers said, clinking his Bud Lite against the glass. “Good man.”
Hazard let go of some of his frustration and anger and studied his partner. John-Henry Somerset looked like a wreck. A hot wreck, but a wreck. Golden stubble showed on the perfectly cut line of his jaw. His collar, unbuttoned and messily pushed back, showed stains from repeated wear. Under Somers’s dress shirt, a white undershirt showed, and the top had slipped down to expose dark line on Somers’s collarbone. A tingle ran through Hazard. Did Wahredua’s golden boy have more ink than the tattoo on his wrist? And then Hazard gave a mental shake and told himself it didn’t matter. He continued his study of Somers. One of Somers’s hands shook as he settled the Bud Lite back onto the table, and Hazard wasn’t entirely sure that was from the drinking. The smell of hops and frying fish, the clatter of the pool cue, the buzz of voices on the TV, the smoke-filled mirror above the bar—all of it faded as Hazard took in the details of his partner. And he realized, with something like shock, that it was worse than he had thought. Somers looked like he wouldn’t make it a month, not like this.
And then the moment passed, and Somers smiled, his eyes distant and fixed on a memory, and Hazard thought maybe he was over-thinking things. Maybe everything was fine. Not great, but fine.
“Naomi was always a lot smarter than Cora,” Somers said, his gaze still distant. “I don’t mean that in a bad way. Cora’s smart too. Maybe I should say that Naomi always thought of herself as smarter. She’s pretty—”
“She’s gorgeous,” Hazard corrected.
Somers nodded. “But do you remember her in high school? She was a few years younger than us. She would have been a freshman when we were graduating.”
Hazard shook his head.
“She did a whole nerdy-preppy think. Very straitlaced. She was pretty, but this thing she’s got going on now—the tan, the hair, the clothes—that wasn’t her vibe. She was annoyingly, I don’t know, I guess the word is prim.”
“That’s changed. Even I could tell she was putting off sex like a steam chimney.”
Somers rolled his eyes. “Even you, huh?”
“I’m gay. I’m not blind. So what happened? Why’d she change?”
“College.”
“Oh yeah?”
“And law school. And a clerkship in D.C.”
“She clerked?”
“Like I said, she always thought of herself as the smart one.”
Hazard swallowed a mouthful of Guinness, savoring the heavy darkness of its taste, the roasted flavor. “She doesn’t seem smart.”
“Ouch.”
“You went to college. You know what I mean. Most of the time, smart means liberal. The smarter someone thinks he is, the more liberal he tries to act, even if a lot of it is just bullshit posturing. It would take a pretty wild twist of fate for a girl like that to go to college and law school and come out thinking the crazy things she does.”
“She wasn’t like this before she went to school.”
“What?”
“Come on. You know me. You think I would have married into a family of white supremacists?”
Hazard cocked an eye at Somers and took a drink of Guinness.
With a laugh, Somers said, “Come on.”
“All right. Maybe not this version of you. The one in high school, I don’t know.”
And again, Hazard found himself thinking about Jeff Langham and wondering what Somers knew. He thought about the—
—brush of Somers’s fingers over his chest in the locker room, the reaction like chain lightning spreading over his skin, the heat stiffening between his legs—
—stairs in Wahredua High School, where Somers had shoved him.
“All right. I deserve that. But that’s not Cora’s family. Even back then, you have to admit, she was decent.”
Hazard nodded slowly.
“Clyde Malsho, that’s her dad, he probably spent two years of his adult life outside of one prison or another. And her mom, Josie, she—well, you’ve heard all the stories, right?”
A prostitute working in Smithfield, Hazard had heard. He’d also heard a lot of the boys in high school bragging about fucking Cora Malsho’s mom for five dollars. It was a boast and an insult at the same time, and Hazard doubted any of the boys had ever really done it, but they said it. Nobody would ever say it around Somers, nobody would say it where it could get back to Somers, but they said it. 
“I heard,” was all Hazard said.
“So this stuff with Naomi, all this racist and homophobic stuff, it’s from college. She went to this ultra-conservative liberal arts school. Nominally religious, I think, but I’m guessing they wouldn’t have much use for Jesus if he came back. Too much love and compassion, not enough border patrol.”
“And law school?”
“Michigan, if you can believe it. Somehow she didn’t get expelled for all this white supremacist shit. And she did her clerkship with the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.”
“And she came back here? She could be out there making six figures. She gave all that up to, what? Help the Ozark Volunteers?”
Somers shook his head and drained his Bud Lite. “I don’t know. After the clerkship, she worked for some think tank out in Connecticut. She must have been making a hell of a lot of money, to judge by that house. But I didn’t know she was back, you’ve got to believe me.”
“I saw your face. Trust me, I believe you.” Hazard furrowed his brow. “How long has she been here? I know you don’t know, but we need to find out.”
“Three months.”
“I thought you didn’t know?”
“I don’t. I’m guessing. But it’s a pretty good guess.”
Hazard waited.
“That was when I . . . screwed up,” Somers said. “That girl.”
“Kaylee?”
Wincing, Somers nodded.
“She said she was here visiting Wahredua. Visiting a friend,” Hazard said, trying to remember. “Isn’t that what you told me?”
“Yeah. I was pretty close to blacking out. I’d had a huge fight with Cora, I felt like I went to work all day, kind of like a superhero, and then I had to come home and deal with dirty diapers and a wife who had sciatica and a house that was falling down because I didn’t make any money and I spent too much on drinks with the guys.” Somers swallowed; he seemed to be tensing himself, nerving himself up for the rest of the story. “She was pretty. She listened. She said all the right things. I mean, you know how it goes.”
“Not really.” Hazard noticed the flash of hurt in Somers’s face and said, “I didn’t mean it like that. I mean, I haven’t really done the dating thing. I was with—”
Alec, chasing Hazard around the apartment with the belt, hitting hard enough to draw blood sometimes.
“—this one guy, and when it ended, I was with Billy. That’s all I meant.”
“Well, you’re lucky,” Somers said. “Dating sucks. And I shouldn’t have done what I did, but it happened, and the next morning the girl was gone and I had six voicemails from Naomi, each one angrier than the last, chewing me up and spitting me out. The last one told me that she was legally representing her sister and that I wasn’t supposed to go home.”
“What did you do?”
“I went home. It was ten o’clock in the morning, and I had a hangover, and somehow Cora had already changed the locks. I banged on the door for about an hour until I threw up, and then Upchurch showed up and drove me to his house. I stayed there for a few days until I could think straight. Then I got the apartment.”
Hazard turned over the sequence of events. “Where was Kaylee?”
“Christ, don’t say her name, all right?”
“Where was she?”
“When?”
“After you finished fucking her. When you woke up. Choose.”
Somers flinched again. “I don’t know. I passed out. I told you I was plastered. When I woke up, she was gone.”
“Did she contact you again? Try to hook up again?”
“I told you it was a one-time thing, Emery. I’m not a fucking cheater, not that way.”
Hazard blinked, but not at the anger in Somers’s voice—at the use of his first name. “That’s not what I was trying to say. I wanted to know if she tried to talk to you again.”
“Why does it matter?”
“Did she?”
“No, all right? Nothing. I never even saw her again.”
“So how’d you know she was Naomi’s friend?”
“Naomi mentioned the fact. Repeatedly. In all six of her voicemails.”
Hazard turned this over in his head. “And by ten o’clock in the morning, Cora already had the locks changed?”
“Can we drop this? I told you what you wanted. I gave you the damn timeline.”
“But there’s something—”
“Maybe I don’t want to be dragged through the worst experience of my life. Did you think about that?”
“That’s not what I’m trying to do.”
“Well, you’re doing a great job of it anyway. I told you what you wanted to know. Now, either drop it, or I’m leaving.” His cheeks were pink, and he was shaking slightly—the same tremor that Hazard had noticed earlier, but now stronger.
“You want to fight?” Hazard asked, pitching his voice as low and even as possible.
“What?”
“Do you want to fight me?”
“Are you out of your mind?”
“You look like you want to hit something. Let’s do it. I’ll give you the first shot free.”
“I thought we’d moved past this,” Somers growled, shoving his seat away from the table and getting to his feet. “I thought we were done with this.”
Hazard gripped his wrist, pinning Somers to the table. “I’m saying this as your partner. Sometimes you need to throw a punch. I can take one as well as anybody. And if it’s a choice between me having a shiner and you drinking yourself into unconsciousness, I’ll take a shiner. That way, at least, we can still work tomorrow.”
Somers hesitated; he tried, once, to jerk free, and then he went still. “I’m all right.”
Hazard kept his grip on Somers’s wrist.
“I said I’m all right,” Somers said, his voice softening.
With a shrug, Hazard let him go.
“Look, can we—” Somers glanced around, as though suddenly taking in their surroundings: the deep shadows, the hanging yellow lights, the gleam of smoky silver above the bar. Someone had fed a roll of quarters to the jukebox, and it was pounding out a frenetic, whiny pop song, the kind that made Hazard want to claw his eyes out. “Can we get out of here?”
Hazard cocked his head at the bar. “I’ll settle up. No, you can get it next time.”
He paid the tab, left a tip for the waitress, and turned around in time to see Somers finishing off a row of shots.
“Jesus Christ,” Hazard muttered.
“Sorry,” Somers said, his voice even fuzzier now. “Just for the road.”
By the time they reached the street, Hazard was propping Somers up by one arm. The sidewalks had emptied, and Hazard was surprised to see that a sliver of moon was out, scattering silver echoes along the Grand Rivere’s chop. A breeze had carried away the smell of exhaust, replacing it with the muddy water smell that Hazard had grown up with—and, as well, the smell of Somers’s boozy sweat.
Hazard steered Somers along the sidewalk, moving along the waterfront and towards the Crofter’s Mark. They made it less than a block before Somers began to complain, squirming in Hazard’s grip and trying to stop. Finally, Hazard relented. Somers pried Hazard’s hand from his arm and, with casual ease, slung his free arm around Hazard’s shoulder.
“That’s better, right?”
“Sure.”
“Partners, right?”
Hazard grunted.
As they started again towards Somers’s apartment, Somers asked, “Why’d you care about Naomi? Why’d you make me talk about all that?”
Because, Hazard wanted to say, nothing adds up. How did Naomi know about Somers’s affair with Kaylee so quickly? How did Cora get the locks changed that fast? Why hadn’t Kaylee contacted him again? Something felt off, not quite right.
But what Hazard said out loud was, “If Naomi really did come back three months ago, that lines up with when the vandalism and assaults on the LGBT community started.”
Somers lurched off the curb, and Hazard barely caught him. “Yeah?” Somers mumbled. “You think she’s doing it.”
“I think it’s a strange coincidence. Just like it’s a strange coincidence that she happens to know that a Volunteer might be our murder victim. Just like she doesn’t want to tell us why Armistead would play along with someone else pretending to be a volunteer. I think Naomi knows a lot more than she’s saying.” And, Hazard thought, she’s playing a game that she thinks nobody else knows the rules for. That makes her dangerous. But it might also make her careless.
As they reached the Crofter’s Mark building, Hazard fished the key out of Somers’s pocket more easily. They rode up in the elevator. Once again, as they stepped into the apartment, Hazard was struck by how sparse it appeared: without the accumulated trash that Hazard had thrown out, the only sign that someone lived in this apartment was the dishes in the drainer—apparently Somers had found time to wash up. Hazard didn’t bother with the lights; he guided Somers across the darkened apartment and into the bedroom.
Nothing had ever looked lonelier, to Hazard’s mind, than the twin mattress dropped on the floor. A spacious window overlooked the city, allowing in the gray twilight of the sodium lamps, painting the empty bedroom like a stormcloud. Somers, Hazard noticed, had taken the time to pick up his clothes as well. He had straightened up the whole apartment. Why? For me, Hazard wondered.
Somers staggered free of Hazard, fumbling with the buttons on his shirt. “Give me a hand.”
“You’re on your own.” Hazard took a step towards the door. “I’ll see you in the morning. We’ll start with Armistead and Fukuma, see if there’s anything to what Naomi told us today.”
Spinning to face Hazard, Somers let his arms drop to his side, his shirt only halfway unbuttoned and revealing the taut white undershirt over a well-developed chest. Somers didn’t say anything; he stood there unsteadily, and then he took a step towards Hazard, and then another. His hands came up, and he grabbed Hazard’s lapels and yanked him a step forward until their chests touched.
Somers’s breath, hot and yeasty with beer, tickled Hazard’s cheek. One of Somers’s hands came up, his fingers brushing Hazard’s jaw. “You’ve got one fucking beard, you know that?”
“You need to sleep,” Hazard said, proud that his voice held steady in spite of the fireworks and whirligig spinning inside him. “What are you—”
“I fucked around with some guys in college,” Somers said, his fingers tightening on the lapels, his whole body colliding with Hazard now, pressed against him. “I let them fuck around with me, I guess I should say. Before I married Cora. It was—you know, just to see. College. That’s what college is all about.”
Hazard felt like the floor had slipped out from underneath him. Most of his senses were dedicated to absorbing the feel of Somers pressed against him, the heat of his body, the firm strength of toned muscles, the insistent, inescapable need that Somers radiated. The rest of him, though, was spinning as the words ran through his head. Somers? Somers had—had what? A few jack-off sessions in the dark with a drunk roommate? Or—
“I just had to tell you. I wanted to tell you in college. If I knew where you were, I’d have called. I’d have written. Something. Just so you knew. I fucked up in high school, but I figured it out later. And I’m really, really sorry.” Somers paused, and it took Hazard a moment to realize that Somers wanted a response.
“It’s ok. It’s over. It’s the past.”
But Hazard barely heard himself say the words. He was thinking of the scar on his chest, of Jeff Langham eating a gun, of the locker room, of the shove down the stairs.
For another moment, something wordless and electric hovered in the air between them. Hazard didn’t breathe, and at some animal level he didn’t breathe because he was afraid he would draw that lightning inside himself and then it would never get out.
Then the moment passed. Somers laughed, and the sound was too high and too loud, and he released Hazard’s lapels and tried to smooth out the wrinkles. He took an uneven step away, and then he turned and threw himself face-first on the mattress.
And Hazard, like a coward, ran.

Chapter 19
October 26
Wednesday
8:03am

When Somers got to the station the next morning, everything was already in full swing. Fax machines beeped and whirred, copiers flashed and filled the air with the smell of toner overpowering the aroma of the coffee that Somers carried, and a crowd of familiar faces waited at the front desk for Murray to deal with their complaints. Murray, who had been dealing with front desk complaints for something like forty years now, still got his feathers ruffled. You could tell by the way his nose hairs began to quiver. Somers nodded as he passed Murray, but Murray didn’t notice; Patsy Hoard, almost as old as Murray, was in the desk officer’s face, bawling him out about her missing cat. Murray’s nose hairs were shivering like he was sniffing face-first into a hurricane.
Rounding the corner into the bullpen, Somers was unsurprised—although a little disappointed—that Hazard was already there. Along with that disappointment came a rush of something else—an uneasy, unsettled feeling that Somers didn’t quite recognize at first. It took him a moment to realize what it was: embarrassment. But what did he have to be embarrassed about with Hazard? Well, aside from all the stuff from the old days. Somers ran through his memory of the night before.
They’d gone to dinner, had a few drinks, and talked through the pertinent details about Naomi and, consequently, about Somers failing marriage. Was that it? Talking about his personal life? Somers didn’t think so; everyone in town already knew. What had happened after? More drinks—he remembered that Hazard had tried to put a stop to it—and then—
Somers tried not to groan. He had woken this morning feeling fine—no major hangover, at least—but he felt a headache starting. He had gotten so drunk that Hazard had taken him home. Again. Hazard was going to start leaving him in the gutter. Somers steadied his grip on the coffee and marched into the bullpen. He was going to have to face his partner sooner or later. And anyway, if the worst thing that had happened last night was that he had a little too much to drink, well, Hazard would get over it—right?
“Morning,” Somers said, setting a paper cup on Hazard’s desk. “Caribou Coffee. Oh, and—” He fumbled the bag of donuts onto the desk too. “Breakfast.”
Hazard grunted and continued typing into his computer.
The trickle of worry inside Somers widened. Did it mean something that Hazard hadn’t looked up at him?
As though responding to Somers’s thoughts, Hazard glanced at him and then at the coffee. Was he—yes, he definitely was. Emery Hazard was blushing. Why?
“Thanks,” Hazard said. He took a sip of the coffee, and one dark eyebrow shot up. “Pretty good.”
“Better than Casey’s. And whatever crap they brew here.”
Hazard only nodded and turned his attention back to the computer. After another moment, Somers slid into his desk and powered on his computer. He knew they had a mountain of work to do: searching for information on Armistead, trying to corroborate Naomi’s claims about the missing Ozark Volunteer, looking into Lynn Fukuma, and checking back with the ME to see if he’d sobered up enough to give them more information on their victim.
Somers came out of his reverie and realized that Hazard was staring at him. Not an indirect, sidelong glance. A full-on stare.
“What?”
Hazard blushed. Again. Hot enough that it looked like it could melt his face right off. “Nothing.”
Then a scrap of memory hit, and Somers groaned again. “I didn’t, did I?”
Hazard turned even more red if that were possible. If you’d asked Somers a day before what Emery Hazard looked like when he blushed, Somers would have said it wasn’t possible. Hazard was built more or less on the same lines as a tank, and you couldn’t really imagine a tank blushing. But there it was.
“Come on,” Somers said. “You’ve got to tell me if I did.”
Hazard hesitated; Somers could see it in his eyes. He wanted to say something.
“I’ll pay for the dry cleaning,” Somers said.
Hazard flinched like someone had thrown cold water in his face. “What?”
“The dry cleaning. Come on, man. I’m a veteran drunk by now. I know that look. What’d I do? Throw up all over your favorite suit?”
“You—what?” The look of shock on Hazard’s face was almost comical.
“Just give me the receipt. I’m good for it. Or if you need me to buy you—”
“No. God, no. You didn’t puke on me.”
“Then what are all the funny looks for?”
“I just—I was wondering if you were feeling all right. After last night.”
It took a moment for Somers to respond. Hazard was a lot of things, but a good liar wasn’t one of them. And right then, he had just lied to Somers. Lied about why he was looking at Somers funny. And, Somers realized, lied implicitly about something else. Something that had happened last night? The unease in Somers deepened. Why would Hazard lie? And what was he covering up?
“Oh,” was what Somers finally managed to say. “Yeah. Fine. Cold shower, that stuff. You know.”
“Huh.”
There was an opening, right there, when Somers could have asked what was going on, but he let it slide. Hazard didn’t want to talk about it, and if Somers had learned anything about his partner over the last two days, it was that things had to happen on Hazard’s emotional timetable.
“You looking into Armistead already?” Somers asked.
Hazard seemed to visibly relax as the conversation shifted to work. He shook his head. “First report for Cravens. I thought I’d get a head start.”
“Nice. I’ll start digging on Armistead then and see what I can turn up. First, though, I’ve got a phone call to make.”
“Upchurch.”
Somers grinned. “See? You’re a grade A detective.”
“I’d have knocked out his teeth if he did that shit to me.”
“You’re also a meathead,” Somers said, feeling his smile widen. “Keep going on the report, and leave Upchurch to me.”
As Hazard went back to typing, Somers dialed Upchurch. The phone rang once before going to voicemail; Somers tried to keep his tone even as he said, “Hey, buddy. It’s me. I want to talk to you about yesterday. That meeting you set up. Lots of surprises. I wanted to thank you for that. Give me a call.”
Hazard had rolled up his sleeves and was bent over the computer, with the keyboard looking child-sized under his hands. As usual, Hazard was dressed in a tight-fitting button-up that showed off his massive shoulders and arms. He paused in his typing, biting his lower lip as he considered a fact or phrase, his attention fully focused on his work. A lock of his long, dark hair, which he had so carefully combed into order that morning, was already snaking out of place and threatening to tumble into his eyes.
“Stop staring at me,” Hazard grumbled, and then he went back to typing.
“You’re just too pretty. Those eyelashes—good God, man.”
Hazard only grunted and kept working, but he was blushing again.
One final wave of unease washed over Somers—had he pushed things too far? Should he not make jokes like that, especially since they weren’t entirely jokes?—and then he pushed it aside. He turned his attention to Armistead and began digging.
A search through the police database brought up relatively little. A better-quality copy of Armistead’s license appeared, which Somers printed, as well as a transcribed copy of the information: height, weight, and age, which matched the information Naomi had provided, as well as his eye color—blue—and his hair—brown, although clearly that was optimistic considering Armistead’s shiny scalp in the picture. Based on the limited information the ME had provided, along with what Hazard had informally inferred, Charles Armistead could have been their victim. That didn’t really mean much, though. About half of Wahredua could have been their victim.
What did mean something, though, was the vehicle registered under Armistead’s name. The record was from the previous year when Charles Armistead had registered a red 1997 Ford F-150 with two hundred and forty-three thousand miles on it. It sounded exactly like the old red pickup that Lady Mabbe had seen the devil driving. With a surge of exhilaration, Somers printed the information.
“I got something,” he said.
Hazard flicked him a quick look as he typed. “What?”
“Hold on. I’ll show you.”
Somers crossed the bullpen to the printer, collected the pages he’d printed about Armistead, and turned back. He stopped, though, because someone was seated at Hazard’s desk, talking to Somers’s partner.
It was the young man from the vandalism case the day before. Flores, Somers thought. Coppery skin, thick, wavy black hair, tall and built with the kind of slender musculature that you only ever saw on models and movie stars. As he had the last time Somers had seen him, today the young man was clearly dressed down: flip-flops, baggy gym shorts, and a tank-top that was so shredded it looked like it was hanging together mostly by hope. The clothes left a lot of smooth, perfect skin to appreciate, and from what Somers saw, Hazard was doing a hell of a lot of appreciating—and, at the same time, trying his hardest not to. 
The struggle in the dark-haired detective’s face was comical, but Somers felt, to his own surprise, a moment of pity for his partner. It was easy to see why Hazard felt so attracted to the young man—Somers, who considered himself more or less straight, was nevertheless enjoying his eyeful. What Somers couldn’t figure out, though, was why Hazard looked so conflicted. Was it that cheating asshole back in St. Louis? What in the world was keeping Hazard with that kind of guy?
Watching the two men interact, Somers crossed to stand by them. As he reached them, he heard the young man say, “I just want to talk.”
At that moment, Hazard looked up at Somers, and the young man cut off. Hazard was trying his hardest for his normal, cool professionalism. It probably would have fooled most people, but Somers had known him too many years—and, more importantly, Somers had seen the range of Hazard’s self-control over the last few days. To Somers, Hazard looked like a man clutching at a fraying rope.
“Hey,” Somers said.
Hazard gestured to the young man. “You remember Nico.”
“Nico?”
“I mean, Mr. Flores. From the vandalism case on Monday.”
“Oh, yeah. I remember. You were pretty upset that day.” And, Somers added to himself, pretty goddamn aggressive when it came to pursuing Hazard. And now here Nico was, sitting next to Hazard in the bullpen and looking like he wouldn’t mind dragging the detective into the supply closet for a quick—and very unprofessional—frisking. “Is something wrong, Mr. Flores? Can we help you?”
“You can find whoever did that shit to Nico’s garage,” Nico said. He got to his feet. His deep, brown eyes settled on Hazard’s face. “Can I talk to you in private?”
Hazard cleared his throat. “I don’t think that would be—”
Nico spun to face Somers. “Would you give us a minute, please?”
“I’ve got some work to do. In fact, we both do. And that’s my desk right there. So what I’m going to do is I’m going to sit down and do my work. If you need something, we’re happy to help. If this is just a social call, though . . .” Somers let the sentence trail off. He waited another moment, but Nico said nothing, and then Somers moved to his desk and took his seat.
Somers made a show of typing on the computer and staring at the screen, but his attention was fixed on Nico Flores and Hazard. After another moment of painful silence, Nico bent and spoke to Hazard in a low voice. “I know you think I’m just trying to pick you up. I know I acted . . . pretty badly on Monday. I was pissed at Chendo. And you are fuckably cute.”
Somers coughed, and he fought back a grin as Hazard blushed.
With a sigh, Nico threw Somers the finger and kept talking. “I’m telling you I’m worried. I just want to talk to someone. I need to talk to someone. I’d like that person to be you.”
Hazard shook his head. “If you file a report—”
“Oh fuck that.” The words sounded exasperated more than angry. Nico stretched past Hazard, plucking a pen from the far side of the desk and managing, while doing so, to expose a tan, muscled eight-pack of abs as his shirt slid up. Hazard’s eyes slid automatically along the sculpted skin and then, to Somers’s surprise, Hazard’s gaze flashed up to Somers. Hazard didn’t look embarrassed. He looked guilty.
Somers sighed. He was going to have to explain to Hazard that he didn’t care if Hazard cheated on Billy. As far as Somers was concerned, Billy was bottom-of-the-drain scum, and the faster Hazard moved on—even to a hot kid like Nico—the better.
“Here,” Nico said, scribbling something on a piece of paper. “I’m going to be having dinner tonight, alone, but I’ll ask them to set two places. If you change your mind—” He folded the piece of paper and tucked it into Hazard’s shirt pocket—and, as he did, managed to get in a sizeable feel of Hazard’s chest. “You might think I’m being a little fuck-tease right now, but I’m serious. I need to talk. And you’re the only one I’m going to talk to.”
Without waiting for an answer, Nico strode away. His obvious sexual openness—and assertiveness—was counterbalanced, Somers saw, by a strikingly confident masculinity. Nico had the kind of effortless, rumpled college boy looks that worked well with gym shorts and flip-flops.
“Don’t say a fucking word,” Hazard growled. “Don’t even breathe?”
Somers laughed. “What did he want? Besides your ass, I mean.”
“You want to say that again?”
“Relax. I’m just joking.”
“He wasn’t—he didn’t—”
“For God’s sake, take a breath. I didn’t mean anything by it. I’m just giving you a hard time. You act like that’s never happened before.”
Hazard settled into his chair. His strong, slender fingers pinched the arms of the chair, and then he slowly let out a breath. “It’s a reaction,” he said. “Most guys aren’t teasing. Most guys are saying it to—well, you know why they say it.”
Somers shrugged. He didn’t say the next part—he knew if he said it, it would be meaningless because it would sound trite. But he hoped Hazard could read it in his body language and in his expression: I’m not most guys.
“He wanted to talk,” Hazard said after a moment had passed. “About Chendo Cervantes, the guy whose house got tagged.”
“What did he want to talk about?”
“I don’t know exactly. He said he was worried about him. He won’t answer the door, he keeps sending disturbing text messages. Stuff like that.”
“Does he think he’s suicidal?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t know what to tell him, so I suggested a missing person report, but he said Chendo isn’t missing, he’s just locked up in his house.”
“This has something to do with the vandalism? Or does it have to do with the cheating? That’s what Nico told us, right? That Chendo was cheating on him. That’s why they had that big fight. That’s why Chendo was moving out of the house when we showed up.” That’s why, Somers added to himself, Nico Flores was looking at Hazard like he wanted to peel his clothes off with his teeth.
“I don’t know. It didn’t sound like it had anything to do with the vandalism.”
Somers waited.
After a moment, Hazard added, “But it might. I guess . . . I guess I should at least talk to him. See if it’s something we need to follow up on.”
“Yeah.”
Hazard threw a guarded look at Somers, but whatever he saw, it must not have been what he was expecting. He rolled his massive shoulders and said, “Just, a professional responsibility. You know?” 
“That makes sense.”
“It’s not a date.”
“Yeah, I get it.” But what Somers wanted to say was, who the hell cares? Let it be a date. Get rid of that asshole back in St. Louis and go to town on the hot college boy that can’t get enough of you. He didn’t say that, though. He just tried his best to look supportive. “You want to see what I have on Armistead?”
Hazard nodded, and Somers laid out the information he’d found in the motor vehicle registry. When Somers had finished, Hazard nodded again and said, “Anything else?”
“Not in the databases.”
“She was telling the truth, at least, part of it. This guy was trying to be a ghost. Off-grid as much as possible.”
Somers thought about that. He knew that his shock at seeing Naomi, and her ability to put him off-balance, had forced Hazard to take the lead in their questioning. He also knew, from his conversation with Hazard at Saint Taffy’s, that Hazard thought Naomi had intentionally tried to misdirect Somers, to keep him from thinking too carefully about her answer. But that had only been partially true, and while Somers wasn’t as smart as Hazard—he knew that instinctively—he also knew that he had a better sense of people, and a better ability at dealing with them, than his partner.
“When you asked her about Armistead and social media,” Somers said, “did you get the sense that she was lying?”
Hazard nodded.
“Why would she lie about that?” Somers asked.
“Good question. Did you get the feeling she lied about anything else?”
“I get the feeling she would have lied about anything she thought she could get away with.”
“The second man. The one with Armistead—”
“Allegedly Armistead,” Hazard said.
“Right. But she said she was certain the second man wasn’t in the Volunteers. She was certain he was pretending to be a Volunteer. And she didn’t want to admit that Armistead would have recognized the deception.”
“Which part do you think is a lie?”
Somers shook his head. “I don’t know. I don’t even know if she knows she’s lying. I get the feeling she was trying to convince herself, more than anything else.”
“Convince herself that a Volunteer couldn’t be responsible?”
“Maybe. I think we should keep that possibility open, at least.”
“And the other possibility?”
“That Armistead was doing something that ran against what the Volunteers wanted. That he was out of line, in some way, and that’s why he was involved with someone that wasn’t actually a Volunteer.”
“Another group like the Volunteers?” Hazard frowned. “The swastika isn’t proprietary to the Volunteers; that would explain the tattoo. If Armistead were working with another white supremacist group, or even a splinter group of the Volunteers, that would explain Naomi’s answers.”
“And it would explain why Naomi wants to pin it on Fukuma. Naomi doesn’t want anything that looks bad for the Volunteers—no dissension in the ranks, no signs of weakness, none of that.” Somers sighed. “Christ, this is a mess. I’m going to dig around, see if I can find anything online. If she was lying about Armistead having a digital presence, I want to find out why.”
“I’ll start looking at Fukuma. We’ll need to talk to her, and I want to know something about her before we do.”
With decisions made, they turned to their respective machines and began working. Somers googled Armistead under the names Charles and Chuckie, and he was surprised at the number of results. Most of them, unfortunately, had to do with a scandal in the early 2000’s. A Connecticut podiatrist named Charles Armistead had been arrested after posting photographs of his patients to a foot-fetish website. Somehow, Somers doubted that the two Armisteads were connected.
Quick searches on Facebook and Twitter failed to turn up anything substantial either. Somers branched out to Instagram, LinkedIn, Tumblr, Flickr, Pinterest, and even some of the defunct sites like Orkut and MySpace. Still nothing. Hazard, on the other hand, was typing briskly and making notes in his tiny chicken-scratch. 
All right, Somers thought. There had to be another way. Naomi had lied about Armistead on social media. Maybe she’d already managed to access his accounts and close them. That seemed possible but not probable. Unless Armistead were a particularly trusting sort of person, which seemed unlikely given what Somers knew, he wouldn’t have given anyone easy access to his accounts. Somers could try calling Naomi, asking again about Armistead’s social media platforms, but he had the feeling she’d deflect again and—
The idea hit hard. Somers went back to Facebook. He spent a good fifteen minutes trawling through pages before moving to Twitter. This time, it took less than two minutes before he found what he wanted. He let out a crow of triumph.
@chukattack. That was Chuckie Armistead’s handle. And it hadn’t taken Somers more than two minutes to find it because Naomi Malsho had been following Chuckie Armistead’s account for the last three months. She had unfollowed him, Somers guessed, to try to cover the tracks, but she had retweeted many of his posts over the last twelve weeks, and those posts still showed in her feed when Somers glanced back at it.
When Somers opened @chukattack’s Twitter profile, the description sent a flush of energy down Somers’s spine. It read: American Hero. God-fearing Christian. Fighting for White American Rights in a Brown-Loving World. Official Twitter for Ozark Volunteers. It was those last words, in particular, that another surge of excitement through Somers.
As he had expected, the official Twitter account for the Ozark Volunteers displayed a hatred of just about everything. Blacks, Asians, gays, Jews, Muslims, trans people, Communists, liberals, environmentalists, and—this one was a small surprise—even vegans. Armistead’s posts blurred the line between the personal and the official, and Somers often couldn’t tell if Armistead ever genuinely spoke for himself. Regardless, the picture that emerged was of a hateful, vindictive, and violent man. Many of the posts called for immediate action: cross-burnings, window-smashings, but mostly what Armistead referred to, again and again, as alt-white urban guerrilla war. One of the posts included a video that showed someone in a hooded sweatshirt assaulting a pair of women outside the Pretty Pretty. As Somers watched, the man—Somers was almost positive it was a man—grabbed one woman by the hair and slammed her into the Pretty Pretty’s brick wall. The second woman turned, throwing a punch, but the man kneed her in the stomach and shoved her on top of the first woman. Shouts went up in the background of the video, and the hooded man ran, followed by whoever was holding the camera—Armistead, Somers guessed.
The video left him with a foul taste in his mouth, and when Somers took a drink of coffee, he found that it was cold. He grimaced and shoved the cup aside.
“Who the hell does something like that?” Somers muttered.
“You got something?” Hazard asked.
Somers beckoned for him to come around the desk, and then he played the video again. When it ended, Hazard’s knuckles were white where he gripped the desktop. “That’s Armistead?”
“One of them.”
“Bastard.”
“Tell me about it. Reading through this shit—” Somers waved a hand at the Twitter feed. “It’s enough to make you want to throw the badge away.”
Hazard grunted. He peeled his hands from the desk and nodded to his computer. “You want to hear about Fukuma?”
“You found something?”
“Something, yeah.” Hazard squeezed into the chair and started reading from the notes he’d taken. “Lynn Fukuma, born 1975 in Seattle. Bryn Mawr, then Harvard. Her Ph.D. is in anthropology, and the title of her thesis is Queer Gender Politics in Post-War Japan.”
“Sounds like fun reading. So what gives? Naomi thinks the killer is a forty-year-old anthropology professor?”
“It gets better. Fukuma took about three years off during her Ph.D. Supposedly she’s working on field research in Japan—I’m getting this from an article the L.A. Times did on her, by the way.”
“The L.A. Times?”
“So, supposedly she leaves Boston for Tokyo, field research, all that. What she really does, though, is go to L.A. And she joins up with Victoria Coutts, Betty Portis, Jeannine Shepherd, people like that.”
Somers rubbed his forehead. “Ok, who are they? They sound familiar, but for all I know, that could be the cast of the Golden Girls.”
“That would have been a very different show. Coutts, Portis, and Shepherd are some of the founding members of the San Andreas Deep Ecologists. SADE.” Somers shook his head, and Hazard said, “Eco-terrorists. They threw pipe bombs into an active construction site, and when that didn’t work, they took a sniper rifle and started picking off workers.”
“Jesus Christ.”
“I know. And the thing is—”
Shaking his head, Somers held up a hand. “No, I mean, that’s terrible. But that’s not what I was reacting to.”
“What?”
“You.”
“What?”
“Did you just make a joke? That crack about the Golden Girls, how it would have been a very different show. That was a joke.”
“I don’t get what the big deal is.”
“You. Emery Hazard. You made a joke. And it was kind of funny.”
“I am funny,” Hazard said, his face like a steel plate.
“Funny like a shotgun slug. All right, let me guess: none of those women went to prison.”
“Betty Portis and Victoria Coutts did, but it was stuff the police cobbled together. They couldn’t get them for the shootings or the actual bombs. They were out in a few years, but by then SADE had cooled down.”
“Until Fukuma showed up?”
“Kind of. The Times article is a profile piece, but it’s part of a series on a movement that the newspaper keeps calling the California Queer War. Fukuma and the other people they interview refuse to call it anything but a, quote, ‘leaderless resistance to the hegemony of sex and gender.’ They were a hell of a lot meaner than the San Andreas Deep Ecologists. People involved with this ‘leaderless resistance’ started the same kind of stuff: there was a bus bomb that killed twelve people, someone shot up this hotel, the Sunset Marquis, and killed a young mother, police cars were vandalized, on and on. This is all pre-internet, right, so these people would post public notices in newspapers claiming that the crimes were committed as part of this resistance.”
“And Lynn Fukuma is involved in this?”
“From what the Times interview suggests, she’s the one that started all of it. She’s pretty outspoken. She talks about the deaths as necessary evils, ways to end a cycle of slavery and oppression that has lasted for millennia. ‘That young mother,’ this is Fukuma talking, ‘was a soldier in the enemy lines, representing everything that has to die before a new world order can be born: the vulnerability of the uterus, impaled on the male organ, pierced and violated and subjugated. Raped, I should say, the way men have raped the land to lay their seed. Her death isn’t a tragedy. Her death means there’s one fewer light in that blazing marquee proclaiming hetero-male dominance.’” Hazard paused; his face was expressionless when he glanced up at Somers.
“You don’t fucking believe that bullshit, do you?” Somers realized what he had said and tried again, lowering his voice. “I mean, I get it. Really, I do. People are shitty to each other. And yeah, the LGBT community in particular and women in general have had a shittier time than most.”
“You don’t get it,” Hazard said. “Because you’re part of the hetero-male dominant class. And because you’re white and middle-class.”
“Bullshit. I call bullshit on that.” And, to Somers’s surprise, Hazard flushed—not with anger, but with something like embarrassment. Somers wasn’t sure why Hazard had reacted that way, but he decided to keep talking and press his advantage. “You’re right. I’m white, I’m a man, I’m straight, I grew up with money. Lots of advantages. But that doesn’t mean I have my eyes shut. That doesn’t mean I’ve never felt—” He fumbled his words here, not quite sure what he meant. Alone? Wounded? Afraid? Like an outsider? “Different,” Somers said, settling on the best word he could come up with. “And it doesn’t mean I can’t understand, at an intellectual level, what other people have gone through.”
His face still colored, Hazard said, “Ok.”
Somers, waiting for another assault, leaned back defensively. “What do you mean, ok?”
“I mean ok.”
“Ok, you mean I’m right? Or ok, you think I’m a moron and you can’t wait to stop talking to me?”
A smile ghosted across Hazard’s face and then vanished, but he didn’t say anything.
Somers reached across the desks and tapped Hazard’s monitor, where the interview with Fukuma was displayed. “We’re partners. I want to know what you think about this before we talk to Fukuma.”
For almost a full minute, Hazard was quiet. It seemed impossible that such a big man could be so quiet, but he managed it remarkably well. His big hands were folded on the desk, his strong, slender fingers interlocked. Then he let out a slow breath.
“I think she’s right about parts. I think there’s been a lot of shit thrown on anyone who’s different, but I think humans are always going to be that way. And I’m not just talking from my own experience. Like you said, I’ve got eyes and a brain. Look at the Ozark Volunteers; they’re the extreme. They hate anyone who’s different from them in any way. People like that, the people that don’t want anything to change, the people that want to hurt and silence anyone who’s different—that kind of people make me angry.” Those big, strong hands flexed and twisted for a moment.
“I have a hard time thinking you’d shoot a young mother because she represents the effects of patriarchy,” Somers said drily, although he pitched his voice low and soft.
Hazard snorted. “Since when do you know the word patriarchy?”
“Hey! I went to college.”
Another ghostly smile flickered and vanished. “You’re right. That part of what Fukuma says, when she talks about enemy soldiers and all that, it’s insane. If she really believes that straight people are evil just because they’re straight—just because being straight somehow reinforces an oppressive system—then she’s just as crazy as the Volunteers.” Hazard let out a sigh. “And earlier, when I said ok, I meant, ok, you’re usually a moron, but this time you’re right.” His eyes flicked up to meet Somers’s, and a grin flashed across his face—not a wispy echo of a smile, but a full-on grin, like a flashbulb exploding and then gone.
Somers found himself smiling as well. “All right.”
“All right?”
“Yeah, I think we’re on the same page. More or less.”
An indecipherable look passed over Hazard’s face—curiosity, that was part of it, but the rest Somers couldn’t recognize—and Hazard leaned forward. His chair creaked under him. “When you said you were straight—”
But before Hazard could finish, Lender’s voice cut through his words. “Oh, Christ. Not her.”
Somers glanced up, surprised to see Lender and Swinney crossing the bullpen. From behind the thick, yellow frames of his glasses, Lender was peering at Hazard’s screen. His enormous mustache quivered. Swinney, for her part, looked more tired than usual, and she’d clipped back the few long strands of her reddish-blond hair so that she looked more militant than usual.
“Fukuma?” Somers said. “You know her?”
“Know her?” Lender said, shoving his hands into his trouser pockets and rocking on his heels. “Where the hell were you a few months ago? She’s the one that put a torch under this town and tried to see if everything would go up in flames.”
“Swinney,” Somers said, “your partner is being dramatic again. What’s he talking about?”
“He’s talking about the protest at the college. Remember?”
“Yeah, I was there. But I don’t remember Fukuma.”
“That’s because Cravens had us spread like butter on toast,” Lender said.
Somers caught a questioning glance from Hazard, and he shrugged. “I didn’t know she was there, honest.”
“That’s the bitch who pepper-sprayed me,” Lender said, one of his hands hovering at his yellow plastic glasses. “Should have booked her on assault, but Cravens said the whole thing was a powder keg.”
“Someone want to tell me what happened?” Hazard said.
“Later,” Swinney said, catching Lender’s arm and nodding towards Cravens’s office. Cravens stood in the doorway, staring down at the cluster of detectives.
“Taffy’s?” Lender said as he turned to follow Swinney.
Somers shot a glance at Hazard.
“Sure,” Hazard said, rolling his big shoulders. 
“See you tonight,” Swinney called back, as she and Lender shot towards Cravens’s office.
“All right,” Hazard said, his gaze settling on Somers, “why don’t you tell me what happened?”
Somers nodded. He followed @chukattack’s Twitter account, just in case anything new showed up, and started to close the browser. Then he remembered Naomi’s account. It made sense to follow her as well since she seemed more involved in this case than she wanted to admit. He went back to her profile and drew in a breath when he saw her latest tweet.
“Somers, you going to tell me what happened, or do I have to wait for Lender and Swinney?”
Somers barely heard Hazard. He read the tweet and then re-read it. Then he launched out of his seat, grabbed his jacket and his gun, and started around the desk. “Come on. I’ve got to tell Cravens, and then we’re going.”
“What?” Hazard said, getting to his feet. “Where are we—”
“The Ozark Volunteers are marching on the college, and it sounds like a lynch mob. The hashtag is #whitejustice. If we don’t get there fast, we might not have a suspect to interrogate.”

Chapter 20
October 26
Wednesday
11:22am

The Impala bounced along Wahredua’s twisting roads, tires screeching as Somers took the turns too fast. On the top of the car, a light whirled, and a siren announced their approach. Cars moved out of the way. Hazard grunted as they went over another bump and his ass came down hard on the seat.
“Isn’t this an overreaction?” he asked.
“Not if you were at that last protest.” Somers’s face was grim.
“All right,” Hazard said, gripping the door to keep from sliding out of his seat as Somers took another sharp corner. “How bad was it?”
“About as close to a full-fledged riot as Wahredua’s seen since they integrated the schools.”
“And you don’t remember Fukuma pepper-spraying Lender?”
“Like Lender said, we were spread pretty thin.” The town around them had begun to change. Older buildings, mostly limestone, dropped away. The streets widened. Stylish brick storefronts appeared, and ahead, over the top of a row of stucco apartments, the towers of Wroxall College loomed. Somers continued, “They had just about everybody from the force at that protest. It was the first time the Ozark Volunteers had done something public like that in years.”
“The timing lines up pretty nicely, don’t you think?”
“Right around when Naomi came back.”
“And the protest?”
“It was supposed to be a peaceful march. The Ozark Volunteers had applied for all the permits, and they promised they wouldn’t start any trouble, but we knew it would be a powderkeg. Cravens had us posted along the Volunteers’ route, but that was a mistake. We were spread out too much, you see. As soon as the Volunteers reached the college, some of the protesters—the people protesting the Volunteers, I mean—pushed through the cordon. They rushed into the march, and the fighting started.”
“You were there?”
“I was. Upchurch and I were on that block when everything turned to hell. We got separated pretty fast, and after that, it was every man for himself. I had my gun, but what the hell good was that, and I had one pair of cuffs. All I could do was pull people apart and try not to get my own ass beat.”
“What happened?”
“The Volunteers knocked the shit out of the college kids. Probably shouldn’t be a surprise. The fighting slowed down. I met up with Upchurch and some of the other boys, and we started corralling the ones who were still fighting. All told, we arrested twenty-two people.”
“Twenty-two? That’s it?”
“It was chaos, like I told you. And by the time things started to settle, a lot of them had slipped away. The ones we arrested were the ones who didn’t know when to quit. Most of them weren’t even Volunteers. Upchurch had this one guy. Even after the guy was cuffed, he kept screaming and kicking and fighting. Said just about every foul word you can imagine to Upchurch. Upchurch had a bloody nose, and this guy was the one who had given it to him. I thought Upchurch would lose his shit, but he just laughed and walked the guy over to the car and put him in the back. Those are the kind we ended up arresting—the crazies.”
More sirens had started to sound behind the Impala, and Hazard threw a glance back. Three black-and-whites were coming after them. “I guess Cravens took that tweet pretty seriously.”
“She just about lost her job because of the last march. I don’t think she’s going to let this one go the same way.”
“I don’t know how much say she’ll have,” Hazard said. “They didn’t apply for permits, and they’re not looking to make a peaceful display. This sounds like vigilante justice. She’d better get the fire hoses ready.”
Somers didn’t answer.
As they came around the next block, Wroxall College came into view. Hazard had known the college campus from his childhood; he had spent a good amount of time there, especially as a teenager. It had been a safe space for Wahredua’s only official gay boy to sit and stare longingly at guys in their early twenties. Grunge had been popular then, and Hazard still had a thing for guys with long hair flannel shirts.
The college itself was built in two quadrangles, creatively named the North and South Quads. Each quad was surrounded by buildings that looked like they’d been pulled from Oxford or Cambridge: massive stone structures with gargoyles and buttresses and delicately carved tympana. Hydrangeas and lilacs grew along edges of the buildings, and massive shade trees canopied the grassy quads.
Already, a group of angry men and women were streaming across the grounds of the North Quad, pushing past a pair of security officers—older women in fluorescent yellow vests, squawking desperately into their walkies as they waved for the Volunteers to stop. Cars, trucks, and vans, abandoned by the Volunteers, choked the street and blocked traffic. Muttering a few swears, Somers swerved and brought the Impala to a screeching halt. He killed the engine, threw open the door, and got out running.
Hazard ran after him. The Volunteers had were pressed up around a building—on the stone above the door were engraved the words Division of Social Sciences—and the men at the front of the crowd were hammering on the door. There had to be at least twenty of them, more men than women, and it was obvious from their efforts that #whitejustice and Naomi’s call to action were not idle words—these men and women weren’t just angry, they weren’t just outraged. They truly intended, Hazard judged from how forcefully they were battering the door, to break into the building, storm Fukuma’s office, and then—Hazard didn’t a quick mental assessment as they ran. From what he could see, at least two of the men openly carried firearms. How many wore concealed weapons? Six? Ten? The majority, Hazard decided. And if they weren’t afraid to kill a public figure like Fukuma in full daylight, then they wouldn’t be afraid to take a shot at an interfering officer of the peace.
“Somers,” he shouted, but Somers didn’t turn back. The slender blond man was faster than Hazard by a fair margin. In college, and then more seriously once joining the force, Hazard had pushed himself past the scrawny, nerdy boy he had been in high school. He had packed on muscle, and he had conditioned himself to run a good pace at the mile. But Somers was a natural athlete, and it showed in his easy lope, even as he pressed himself to run his fastest. Hazard sucked in air and tried to catch up; he hoped Somers’s athleticism wouldn’t get the man killed.
His hope crumbled, though, as Somers reached the edge of the crowd. The men and women on the fringe looked maddened, even rabid, as they screamed their insults at the building. They were filled with the same adrenaline and exhilaration as the rest of the mob, but all that energy was pent up, with no release—they were too far from the door to help. Hazard saw the moment of Somers’s mistake. The detective stopped short of the crowd, his face flushed with adrenaline. Somers seemed to be trying to make a decision. He shouted something and then, oddly, he cast a glance over his shoulder at Hazard.
Hazard waved frantically for Somers to back away from the crowd.
Somers, with a cocky shrug, launched himself at the rear line of the volunteers. He shouted something—Hazard was pretty sure it was, “Police!”—and then the shit hit the fan.
As Somers reached the line of Volunteers, they turned on the detective like someone had opened the floodgates to hell. Men and women swarmed the detective. Hazard, still running, watched as a pot-bellied man landed a roundhouse punch on Somers’s jaw. It was like watching someone ring the Liberty Bell. Somers rocked on his feet, and then his knees folded and he started to fall. A small, rat-faced man whipped out a knife as long as Hazard’s arm, and the blade looked like a sheet of white fire as it rose in the sunlight.
The knife went up, and up, and up. And then it started to come down, right towards Somers’s unprotected torso.

Chapter 21
October 26
Wednesday
11:35am

The next few moments, Hazard never fully remembered. He’d have glimpses, like fragments of a broken image he could never reassemble. Once or twice, years later, he dreamed of those moments, and his bedmate at the time had banished him to another room and another bed for a week. He never knew—at least, he never could fully explain to himself—why he hadn’t drawn his .38 and shot the son of the bitch with the knife.
The center of all those fragments of memory was Somers, his lip split, blood trickling down his chin and into the hollow of his throat. Peripheral was the knife. First, the knife was moving up, catching the sunlight along its length, and then the knife was coming down. Somers was lying there, unmoving, his eyes blank and unseeing. And the knife was still coming.
And the next thing, the next full memory, was Hazard standing on the steps outside the Social Sciences building with a ring cleared around him. Two men lay on the ground, still and stiff as if they’d stretched out that way on purpose: one was the pot-bellied man who’d clocked Somers, and the other was the rat-faced man with the knife. The knife lay a few yards away, nestled in the grass. Hazard’s chest hurt. His hands hurt. His split knuckles had opened again, and blood covered his fingers and soaked the cuff of his shirt. And every single Ozark Volunteer was looking at him as though he were feral, a lion escaped from his cage.
“Uh,” Somers groaned. The blond man propped himself upright, stared at the crowd, and then his gaze shifted to Hazard. Thoughts and emotions streamed across Somers’s face too quickly for Hazard to decipher, and Somers scrambled to his feet. Behind the blond man, churning across the North Quad came a dozen uniformed police officers. Unlike Hazard and Somers, these officers had taken the time to prepare for crowd control: they wore body armor and helmets and they carried police batons and pepper spray. They marched in units of four, obviously having trained and prepared for this. Martha Cravens was marching at the rear, and in spite of her heavy hourglass figure and the vague association her appearance inspired with grandmothers and aprons and sugar cookies, she looked ready to chew nails.
“Don’t any of you move,” Hazard said. He was surprised at how even his voice sounded, even though it came from low in his chest, so low it was scraping bottom.
Not a single one of the Volunteers moved.
“You’re bleeding,” Somers said in a whisper.
Hazard glanced his hand, the knuckles puffy and aching, and shrugged.
“No,” Somers said. “You’re bleeding.”
And then, for the first time, Hazard noticed that the pain in his chest was a hot line. He looked down and saw the neat cut running from one shoulder at a sharp angle to his abdomen. It ended less than an inch from the scar that Mikey Grames had left, and Hazard’s button-up and undershirt hung limp and bloody, exposing muscle and the stiff, dark hairs across his chest. Unsure of what to say, Hazard settled for another shrug.
At that moment, Cravens and the uniformed officers reached them. Cravens shouted orders, and the officers followed them with quick, grim efficiency. The Volunteers stirred to life as the arrests began to happen, and some of the younger ones tried to escape by leaping off the stairs and sprinting back to their vehicles, but more and more police were arriving at the soon, and in a short while the Volunteers’ vigilante mob had been led away.
An ambulance had come with Cravens, as well as a fire truck. Moseby, the bull-necked firefighter who had been controlling the arson scene and whom Somers had punched in the nose, stood at the edge of the crowd, watching with his arms folded over his chest. His nose still had a purple-blue tinge to it, and it looked about twice its normal size. Ron McClinckie was there too, scurrying through the crowd, often just the top of his head with its thinning blond hair showing through the crowd.
Four EMTs arrived, as well as two paramedics. Most of them clustered around the fallen men, who still lay stretched out on the steps, but Hazard found himself led away by one paramedic who sat him on a bench, opened a first aid kit, and started cleaning the wounds on his hand.
The woman was thin and so tan that she looked like she was ninety-percent leather. Her graying hair was cut short, even shorter than Somers, and she wore it in stiff spikes. As she cleaned the gouges on Hazard’s knuckles, she said, “What the hell did you do? You didn’t get these from throwing a couple of punches.”
Hazard ignored the question; Somers was hovering near the bench, close enough to hear, and that was enough reason to keep his mouth shut.
“You did a number on those boys,” the woman said after another minute. “That’s what you did. Knocked their asses past last Sunday. Not saying they didn’t deserve it because they did.”
“So what are you saying?” Hazard asked.
“I’m saying I’m a cheat at cards, and I hope you never catch me.” The woman flashed a smile that was missing more than a few teeth. “You want to take that shirt off? It’s nothing but a rag now anyway, and it’ll make it a hell of a lot easier to clean that cut.”
“I’m fine.”
“Like hell you’re fine,” Somers burst in. “Take off your damn shirt so she can clean the damn cut.”
Hazard cast a glance at his partner; Somers seemed unusually agitated, and his face was pale as he paced alongside the bench.
“Well?” Somers said, gesturing in frustration. “Take it off!”
With a wince, Hazard peeled the bloody cotton from his chest and slipped off the ruined clothes. The heat and the summer sun pounded on his back, and Hazard felt strangely vulnerable—it had something to do with wearing slacks and a pair of dress shoes while being naked from the waist up. “Hold this, would you?” he asked as he passed his jacket—it had escaped the attack unscathed, somehow—to Somers.
“Not bad,” the paramedic said, appraising the cut with a practiced eye as she worked. The alcohol pads stung as they touched the lacerated flesh, and the smell of the disinfectant filled the air. “You need stitches, but—what the hell is this?” One gloved finger pointed at the old scar, the half-formed mark of Mikey Grames’s initial, on Hazard’s belly.
Somers had gone even paler. He looked like he might faint, and Hazard didn’t want his jacket on the ground. Maybe, Hazard thought, I should ask for it back.
“Old war wound,” Hazard answered absently, his attention still focused on Somers.
“Looks like a story,” the paramedic said. “So, you new in town?”
“What? No. I mean, yes, but not really.”
“Well, which is it?”
“I grew up here. Just moved back.”
“Thought so.”
“What does that mean?” Somers said.
The paramedic shrugged. Her touch was cold but gentle as she taped a bandage into place. “Be careful when you take these off, and you might not rip all that hair out, ok?”
“Ok,” Hazard said.
“You seeing somebody?” she asked.
Somers laughed, and it sounded on the edge of hysterics.
“You ok?” Hazard asked.
Shaking his head, Somers just kept laughing.
“Yeah,” Hazard asked.
“Too bad.” The paramedic stripped her gloves. Turning to Somers, she said, “You got an extra shirt for him?”
Somers, still chuckling in bursts, shook his head. “What?”
“A shirt.” The paramedic shooed him towards the uniformed officers, who were milling around now that the Volunteers were safely in the back of the patrol cars. “Go ask your buddies for a shirt he can wear.”
“Right. A shirt.” Somers laughed again as he trotted away.
“He’s a case, isn’t he?” the paramedic said.
“He’s all right.”
“Like I said, too bad. That you’re dating someone, I mean. You’re perfect for my brother. Big, muscle guy like you. Nice chest. Just the right amount of hair. Puppy dog eyes.”
Hazard’s eyebrows climbed. “Who’s your brother?”
“Don’t get worried; he’s my younger brother, and he’s kept himself together a lot better than I have.”
“Who said you didn’t?”
She snorted, but a pleased smile showed on her face. “Willoughby. Owns the Pretty Pretty.”
“The what?”
“Come on now,” she said, shaking a finger at him. “Everybody hears about the new gay cop, they expect certain things. You ought to at least have the decency to know the local gay bar.”
Right then, Somers loped back towards them, carrying a blue t-shirt over one arm. “It’s the biggest they had,” he said.
Hazard struggled into the shirt, ignoring the flashes of pain it sent off. The shirt was at least a size too small; it strained over his chest, and the sleeves looked ready to shred around his biceps. But it was better than going bare-chested.
“You know about this?” Hazard asked. “Wahredua has a gay bar.”
“What? Yeah, of course. The Pretty Pretty.” Somers seemed barely to notice the question. “Cravens is on her way over to talk to us.”
“I’ll leave you boys,” the paramedic said with a grin. “You get lonely while you’re down here, look up Will. He’ll take good care of you.”
Her grin morphed into a suggestive leer, and she sauntered off. As soon as she had turned to go, Somers resumed his pacing. “Look,” he said. “I don’t know what to say. I fucked up. I get it. And now you’re—I mean, Jesus Christ, an inch, that’s all it would have taken, and you’d be skewered.”
“I’m not, though. I’m fine. It’s just a cut.”
“It needs stitches.”
“I’ve had stitches before. It’s fine. That guy with the knife, he wasn’t going to give you a scratch like this. He was going to do some serious damage.”
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Somers said, scrubbing at his hair as he paced. “I know. I shouldn’t have run ahead like that. I damn well shouldn’t have gotten so close. I just—” He cut off and spun towards Cravens as she approached.
The police chief, to put it mildly, did not look happy. “You all right?” she asked Hazard.
Hazard nodded.
“You?”
Somers pressed his thumb to his split lip and then against the darkening spot on his chin where the punch had landed. After a moment, he nodded too.
“You want to drive yourselves to the hospital, or you want to ride in the ambulance?”
“I don’t need a hospital,” Hazard said.
“You need somebody to stitch you up. And before you open your mouth and argue with me, your partner needs to be checked for a concussion. Did you think about that?”
Hazard shook his head. He hadn’t thought about that, and he risked a glance at Somers. How bad had that punch been? Surely Somers was all right, wasn’t he? But if he was, then why was he acting so funny?
“I’ll drive us,” Hazard said.
“All right,” Cravens said. “That’s settled. Now,” her voice took on steel. “Does one of you want to tell me what this shit show was all about? Somers, you can start. Do you want to tell me how many goddamn hours we’ve put, as a department, into training for crowd control? Exactly for situations like this mess. What happened to all the courses and practice? Where the hell was your head? And you, Detective Hazard, do you want to tell me to my face that St. Louis City Police never had a single training on crowd control?”
“Chief,” Somers said, so white that Hazard was surprised he hadn’t toppled over, “I—”
“He was covering for me.” Hazard didn’t really realize he had spoken the words until Somers and the chief both turned to stare at him.
“What?” Cravens said.
“No,” Somers said, shaking his head. “I—”
“Everything was under control, and then I messed up. I got too close to one of the guys, and he lunged at me. Detective Somerset moved in to help me, and that’s when the guy drew the knife. We couldn’t get to our service weapons; things escalated too quickly.”
Cravens watched Hazard for a long moment. Then her gaze shifted to Somers. “Well?”
Somers looked miserable. “It’s not entirely how Detective Hazard’s telling it. No, don’t say anything, Hazard. I’m going to tell her. He’s being too hard on himself, Chief. We both approached the crowd because it still seemed like we could talk things out. I was as much a part of it as Detective Hazard. He’s right, though: things escalated more quickly than we anticipated.”
“You walked right up to an angry mob without your service weapons drawn and without waiting for reinforcements?”
Somers colored under his tan, but he nodded. “Like I said, Chief, things still seemed under control. I figured better a dialogue with the Volunteers than a shoot-out. How would that look in the paper? And on the campus, too.”
For a moment, it seemed like Cravens wasn’t going to bite. Then Hazard put on his angriest face and said, “You want to tell her the truth? Fine, let’s tell her all of it: his sister-in-law is the Volunteer’s new Grand Wizard, or whatever you call it, and so Somers thought they’d be willing to talk to us. It was stupid, in hindsight. About as stupid as an idea gets.”
This new information made Cravens pause, and in a dangerously calm voice she said, “Naomi is back?”
“She never left,” Somers said. “Been here the whole three months.”
“Working for the Volunteers?”
“Looks like it.”
“And you didn’t tell me—”
“This dipshit,” Hazard broke in, “didn’t even know until yesterday. It’s in this morning’s report, Chief.”
“This is a joke, right? My two best detectives, and one of them is stupid enough to just about get himself shish-kabobed, and the other’s stupid enough—or a big enough liar—not to know that his sister-in-law is running the biggest militia in the state. What the hell good are the two of you? I ought to put you on the street. I ought to have you watching crosswalks. Hell, I couldn’t even do that, could I, because you’ve got to have someone with an ounce of common sense because children use those crosswalks.” Cravens paused and heaved a breath. “Anything else, Detective Hazard, that I’m going to find in your report?”
“We have a possible ID on our victim. Still trying to corroborate it. In the report, I ask for a dental record match on Charles Armistead.”
“I know that name,” Cravens said. “Why do I know that name?”
“He seems like he was pretty high placed in the Volunteers,” Somers said. “He was administering what he called their official Twitter feed, and he seems to have been involved, according to Naomi, with certain public occurrences involving the Volunteers.”
“You mean the marches?”
“We’re not sure,” Hazard said. “The Volunteers aren’t exactly keen to give out details.”
“Did she at least tell you why she thinks the victim is Armistead?”
“She told us that Armistead has been missing since the fire,” Somers said.
“And,” Hazard added, “she told us that Armistead had a confrontation with Lynn Fukuma. Conveniently enough, the Volunteers found the victim and the killer for us.”
Cravens planted her hands on her hips. “And you believe this? I’ve read your report from yesterday, Somers. I know Lady Mabbe said she saw two Volunteers at the trailer. But she also said that one pointed a gun at her and tried to shoot her. And she probably believes she flies on a broom and spins her thread out of cobwebs and God only knows what else. Do you have any reliable proof?”
“We’re working on it.”
“Detective Hazard, do you have anything to say?”
“Some of the pieces line up, Chief. Armistead owns a pickup that matches Lady Mabbe’s description, which is a nice specific detail. And there’s reason to believe that Fukuma is capable of what the Volunteers claim. For now, at least, she’s worth talking to.”
“The Volunteers certainly believe it,” Somers put in. “This kind of display, a vigilante murder in broad daylight, that’s not something they’d do without cause.”
“A few years ago, they wouldn’t have done it at all,” Cravens said. She suddenly sounded old and tired. “This county has been quiet for twenty years, and now it’s like the bad old days all over again.” She seemed to gather herself, and she shook her head. “All right. Hospital. Now.”
“Sure, Chief,” Somers said.
Hazard, however, grabbed his arm. “Chief, we’d like to talk to Fukuma right now.”
“The woman just about got killed by a mob, Detective. I don’t think she’s in any condition to have a conversation.”
“She’s off-balance, Chief. She might be scared. She might be worried. But she couldn’t have predicted this, and it’ll leave her open, without some of the defenses she usually has. If she is our killer, and if we give her time, we could be missing out on a real opportunity.”
“And if she’s not the killer, you’re putting the screws to a reputable professor after a traumatic incident. The college will be screaming down my throat before dinner.”
“Chief,” Somers said. “Hazard, he’s not wrong about stuff like this. This is why we hired him. He’s good at what he does.”
“We didn’t hire him, Somers. I did.” Cravens sighed and waved a hand at them. “Fine. But keep it civil, detectives. Some of us serve at the mayor’s good graces.”
Without waiting for an answer, Cravens turned and left.
“You sure about this?” Somers said.
Hazard nodded. He stood up, tried to roll his shoulders, and was reminded again of the cut on his chest—and of the constricting t-shirt. “If she is the killer—and even after what we learned about her today, I’m not convinced—then we can’t give her time to get her feet back under her. More importantly, now she knows that someone suspects her. Even if she only thinks it’s the Ozark Volunteers, that could be enough motivation for her to destroy evidence, fix her story, all of that.”
“Maybe that’s a good thing,” Somers said, trailing alongside Hazard as he approached the Social Sciences building. “Maybe we should hang back, watch her, see what she does.”
“See what she does in the privacy of her office? In the privacy of her home? We need a warrant for that, and we’re not going to get it with a newspaper article from the 1990s and Naomi Malsho’s expert testimony.”
“But she could go somewhere, do something.”
“You’re right. So we should keep an eye on her. But first, let’s talk to her.”
“All right,” Somers said. “But Hazard?”
“I know: you’re the one who’s good with people. You talk to her.”
“That’s not what I was going to—”
“Yes, it was.”
Somers surprised Hazard by smiling. “All right, maybe I was. But I was going to say it nicer.”
“Nice?” Hazard said. “Why bother?”

Chapter 22
October 26
Wednesday
11:55am

When Hazard and Somerset stepped through the doors of the Social Science building, Hazard was surprised by the smell. He had expected the cool rush of air conditioning. He had, to a lesser extent, expected the dim lighting. He had even expected the mixture of memories; Wroxall College had not been a safe space for him as a boy, but it had been a good place, and it still held the same attractions. But the smell, the smell of old wood and floor polish and invisible mountains of dust, he had forgotten that. It washed over him, filling his nose, and awakening a pile of memories—endless summer afternoons in the student lounges, a book propped on his knees as he covertly, or so he hoped, studied the college boys—that he had forgotten.
The main hall of the Social Science building held a scattering of people—some on the ground level, some lining the stairs, some looking down from the balcony above. It was a mixture of old and young, male and female, white and brown and black. Everyone had gone quiet when Somers and Hazard entered, and now they waited expectantly. There was, Hazard noticed, a lot less flannel being worn, in contrast to his memories of the days of grunge at Wroxall College. He did spy, though, a lot of hipsters, which he figured was this generation’s iteration of the same idea.
“Everything’s under control,” Somers called, pitching his voice so it carried through the hall and flashing his perfect smile. “You’re all safe, nothing to worry about it. You can go back to whatever you were doing.”
The last words were more a directive than a suggestion, and after a moment the onlookers in the Social Science building seemed to realize that Somers wanted them to leave. They began to drift away. Among them, Hazard spotted a small, dark-haired woman.
“Lynn Fukuma,” he shouted.
The words stopped everything. Even the hand of the clock, it seemed to Hazard, had paused. Faces peered back at him over shoulders. Then, slowly, the small woman separated herself from the crowd and moved to stand in a clearing on the ground floor.
“That’s me. I’m Lynk Fukuma.”
“Folks,” Somers called again, “go ahead and clear out of here. Nothing for you to see.”
This time, the delay was palpable. People wanted to see what was going to happen. And, Hazard realized as he watched their faces, they weren’t curious about the police. They were curious about Lynk Fukuma. Or perhaps that wasn’t putting it correctly. They were curious, he could tell, about what Lynk Fukuma was going to do to the two white police officers who had called her out of a crowd.
“Get moving,” Somers said. The boy-next-door smile had vanished, and now his voice had a trace of the drill sergeant in it. The crowd popped like a bubble as people slid away into lounges and offices and classrooms.
Then it was just the three of them: Somers, Hazard, and Fukuma. Hazard studied the small woman. She was a lesbian, that much was obvious. She might be trans, but it was hard to tell. She wore her hair in a page’s cut, and she had earrings in both ears. Big deal. Plenty of gay boys Hazard had seen wore the same. Fukuma had on a pair of tight-fitting black jeans and a simple white T-shirt with the words Fuck Capitalism stenciled on the front.
“Ms. Fukuma,” Somers said. “Is there somewhere we can talk in private?”
“What’s this about?” She had a teacher’s voice: confident to the point of arrogance, well-trained for projecting and enunciating, and clearly used to being obeyed. Hazard detected a faintly British twang to her intonation—or was that Harvard that he heard?
 “It’s a bit delicate, Ms. Fukuma. It’s about an ongoing investigation—”
“I don’t care about delicate. Before I go anywhere with you pigs, I want to know what you want from me. Details. Right now.”
Somers’s face didn’t betray any anger, but Hazard could feel it radiating off his partner. Maybe that was because of the anger he himself felt.
“Listen,” Hazard began, but he cut off when Somers slashed a hand at him.
“This is about the fact that the Ozark Volunteers believe you are responsible for a murder. This is about the attempted murder that just took place here. Yes, Ms. Fukuma. That’s what just happened. Those men and women intended to break into the building and execute you for what they believed you did. I know that must frighten you, but—”
“Frighten me?” Lynk Fukuma didn’t look capable of laughter, but this seemed to be as close as she came. “People have wanted me dead for thirty years, pig. This isn’t anything new. At least this time the Volunteers had the guts to come in the daylight, instead of attacking like cowards in the night.”
“We’d like to talk to you about your history of encounters with the Volunteers, as well as their claims.” Somers tried another smile; he was obviously calibrating his effect because this time that one-hundred-percent-good-boy smile softened something in Fukuma’s expression. “We can also talk about offering you protection while we investigate the case.”
At the word protection, Fukuma’s face closed off again. “I don’t have to talk to you. I don’t have to spend one more minute with you.”
But she stayed right where she was.
“No,” Hazard said. “You don’t. But I hope you remember this when you’ve got a noose pulling tight around your throat, or when one of the Volunteers puts a gun to the back of your head, or when they drag you out of your bed and beat you to death. Right then, I bet you’ll be thinking how proud you are of how you talked to the cops, how proud you are that you called us pigs when we were trying to protect you. I bet that’ll make up for it when your ribs are cracked and you can’t breathe because those steel-toed boots keep connecting with the soft tissue-”
Fukuma cut him off with a wild cry. Her eyes had gone huge, and they spun from Hazard to Somers and back to Hazard. “I don’t have to—I won’t—you’re commanding officer is going to hear about this.”
She spun, moving towards the stairs. Hazard took a step after her; he wasn’t finished, and he had a lot more he wanted to say to her. Somers, however, grabbed Hazard by the t-shirt and said, “I thought we’d talked about this. Stay.”
Then he darted past Hazard and caught Fukuma on the steps. For a moment, it looked like Fukuma would storm past Somers. Then Somers said something, and Fukuma hesitated. They spoke in low voices for several minutes. At the beginning, Fukuma was shaking her head and pulling away from Somers. By the end, however, she had leaned towards him and gave the occasional nod. Once, Hazard glimpsed a smile on her profile, but it vanished quickly.
“All right,” Somers called down to Hazard. “Dr. Fukuma’s going to give us a few minutes in her office.”
“Not him,” Fukuma said, leveling a finger at Hazard.
“He’s my partner, Professor. He’ll sit there and he won’t say a word. That’s right, isn’t it, Detective Hazard?”
Hazard nodded. After a short moment, Fukuma nodded as well and turned and led them up the stairs and deeper into the building. The smell of old wood, of lemon polish, of dust, was complemented here by the steamy aroma of tea that poured out of a student lounge, carrying with it the murmur of excited voices. One young woman with carrot-colored hair stuck her head out and stared at them. Today was probably the most interesting thing that had ever happened to most of the people at Wroxall College.
All of that, though, remained at the periphery of Hazard’s consciousness. Most of his attention was on Somers and Fukuma. Fukuma’s stubbornness and aggressiveness he had expected. Somers, though, had surprised him. Again. Not with his ability to sweet-talk the older woman—Hazard knew firsthand how difficult it was to resist Somers’s charms—but because of the contrast between Somers’s behavior outside with how he carried himself now. Outside, after the encounter with the Volunteers, Somers had looked like a man slipping off a high-wire act. Here, though, he was back to his normal self: calm, cool, boyishly happy. Hazard was starting to think he had missed something outside. What had gone wrong? He didn’t know, but he was going to find out.
Fukuma’s office was a cramped box with a window that, in the Middle Ages, would have been a hell of an arrowslit. Books lined the shelves; they made the room seem even smaller, and Hazard hunched his shoulders as he squeezed into the bare wooden chair in front of Fukuma’s desk. The only wall not covered by books was the wall with the window, and an enormous poster hung there, with the words Death To Our Enemies, Death to the Friends of Our Enemies, and Death to Those Who Are Not Our Friends. It seemed that Fukuma had all her bases covered.
As Somers settled into the chair next to Hazard, he asked, “Dr. Fukuma, can you tell us about any interactions you’ve had with the Ozark Volunteers? Anything that might have prompted today’s assault?”
Fukuma drew her legs up, crossing them under her, and propped her chin in her hands. Up close, Hazard noticed more details. She looked her age, he realized—forty, but a well-trimmed forty, slender and small, although her hair was starting to gray. Her eyes flicked to Hazard, as though sensing his attention, and a sneer covered her face.
“Does your pet do other tricks?” she asked Somers. “Or does he just bark?”
“First I’m a pig,” Hazard said. “Now I’m a dog?”
“You are a dog,” Fukuma snapped. “You bark when your master says speak. You run and prance and piss on command. You wouldn’t believe the kind of buzz when some of the students heard about you. Finally. They kept saying that word, finally. Finally, we have a gay cop. Finally, things are going to change. I told them it wouldn’t be any different.”
“The law is the law. Doesn’t matter if the cop or the judge or the jury is gay.”
“Spoken like a well-trained dog. I told everyone that’s what you would be: well-trained, well-groomed, butch. The kind of gay cop that wouldn’t cause any problems. That wouldn’t be threatening. Everyone could pat themselves on the back, so proud of hiring a gay cop—and when you aren’t around, they’ll whisper about how you really aren’t that gay, you’re actually kind of normal, and doesn’t that make things easier because he could have been so faggy. That’s what they’re saying right now back at the station, pigs slurping their coffee and donuts.”
Hazard didn’t say anything; he wasn’t sure he could say anything because his throat was so tight.
“You’re the worst kind of gay,” Fukuma continued. “You know that? The kind that wants so desperately to belong, wants to blend in, wants to hide. You’re setting everything back fifty years. Maybe a hundred. I hope you’re proud of that.” Her gaze moved to Somers. “What about you, detective? Are you proud of your trained faggot?”
“That’s enough, Dr. Fukuma.” Somers’s voice was even. “You agreed to talk to us. I asked you about your interactions with the Volunteers. That’s what I want to hear about, not your views on queer identity politics.”
“Queer identity politics?” Fukuma’s sneer had infected her voice. “You sound like a 1980s textbook.”
“The Volunteers?” Somers said.
“Fuck the Volunteers. They deserve to die. Each and every one of them. Every horrible way you can imagine. Bring back the Inquisition, bring back torture. They used to shove a glass rod up a man’s urethra and shatter it so he pissed glass and blood. Bring that back and do it to every man in the Volunteers.”
“So,” Somers said, miming a fumble for pen and paper. “You don’t approve of them?”
Hazard covered a snort of laughter by turning it into a cough.
“I don’t approve of them. It’s my personal mission to see every last one of those bastards dead and rotting on the face of the earth, unburied because burial is for humans and not for pigs and dogs and beasts.”
“Have you made threatening comments like that in public? Or have you made those kinds of statements to individual members of the Volunteers?”
“I’ll tell anyone who listens.”
“Can you think of any times when you may have publicly stated your intent to harm members of the Ozark Volunteers, either individually or in general?”
“What is this?” Fukuma’s gaze snapped to Somers’s face. “What are you asking?”
“Do you need me to repeat the question?”
“No. I heard you. You’re a self-satisfied straight boy. The town’s golden boy. Yes, I’ve heard about you too. I know all about your arrests. Persecuting the poor, the dispossessed, the homeless. So proud of how you put your boot on the neck of the weak, grinding the life out of Smithfield. You walk around here like you own the place because you’re straight and white and rich.”
“It’s a simple question, Dr. Fukuma. There’s no need to resort to personal attacks.”
“Most men,” Fukuma said, “are actually desperately bisexual. They crave a stronger man’s domination. They crave the feel of him between their legs, his strength, his control. Look at the Nazis. Look at how well the military follows orders.”
“Jesus Christ,” Hazard muttered, but he swallowed the rest of his comment when Somers flashed him a glance.
“I’m sure the military will be fascinated by your insights,” Somers said. “And it’s nice to know that some of the greatest evils in the 20th century were perpetrated because German men want to be rolled over a barrel and fucked by their neighbor. Unfortunately, this information isn’t relevant to our case. I think we’re done here, Detective Hazard.”
Hazard followed Somers, and they had almost reached the door when Fukuma called after them, “At the march. A few months ago. Those bastards were parading along past the college, so proud of themselves, so proud of their bigoted, small-minded hatreds. I stood at the edge of the crowd. I told them.”
When Hazard and Somers turned back towards her, Hazard was surprised by the ferocity in her face. Even after hearing her insane, hateful rants, Hazard felt his skin crawl as he witnessed the malevolence in her expression.
“What happened?” Somers said.
“One of the men approached me. He called me dyke, cunt, bitch, whore. I told him what he was: a flabby white man with a small penis. He took a swing at me. I broke his wrist and then I broke his nose.”
“And then?” Somers said.
“And then we rushed the march and gave those bastards what they deserved.”
That was how the protest had turned into a brawl, Hazard realized. Because this woman was determined to bring a full-scale war to Wahredua.
“Any confrontations with particular members of the Volunteers?” Somers asked. “Before or after?”
“None.”
“Any other public confrontations?”
“I speak at a number of venues and forums, detectives. I’m an intellectual. People understand my position. The Ozark Volunteers have known who I am and what I believe for a long time.”
“But nothing like the riot at the Ozark Volunteers’ march?”
“It was not a riot, Detective Somerset. It was a legitimate display of righteous force.”
“Aside from your righteous force, then?”
“No, nothing.”
“What was the name of the man whose nose you broke?”
“I don’t know.”
“Do you know who Charles Armistead is? He often went by the name Chuckie.”
Fukuma shook her head. “Never heard of him.”
“You haven’t had any personal interaction with him?”
“I don’t know. I don’t know him. If we’ve crossed paths . . . I just don’t know.”
Hazard watched Fukuma’s face closely as Somers drew out a picture of Armistead. He noticed the flash of recognition: the dilation of pupils, the slightest intake of breath, the flush in her cheeks. She recognized Armistead and she hated him.
“And this man?” Somers asked. “Do you recognize him?”
“No.”
“Really?” Hazard said, leaning forward in his seat. “Take a closer look Dr. Fukuma.”
“I said, dog, that I don’t recognize him. I don’t need a closer look. Is that clear enough for you?”
“Dr. Fukuma,” Somers said, pausing. “Where were you the night of October 24 into the morning of October 25?”
“Monday night?” For the first time since they had met Fukuma, she looked genuinely startled. “Why?”
“Do you remember where you were?”
“Of course I remember. I was speaking at the Sporus Organization.” She shuffled through the papers on her desk. “They’re a non-profit that supports ethical forced castration—here.” She held out a page.
“Ethical forced castration?” Somers said.
“Too bad we already have a charity for the department fundraiser,” Hazard said.
“This is their schedule,” Fukuma said, waving the page at Somers. “You can see I was a keynote speaker. And here’s my badge. You can call the organizers to confirm I was there.”
“We’ll do that,” Somers said, taking the items and studying the page. “The convention was in Kansas?”
“Manhattan. Some of the faculty at Kansas State are doing really provocative research into the social benefits of gender neutralization.”
“That’s nice to hear,” Somers said. “Is there anything else we should know, Dr. Fukuma, about your encounters with the Ozark Volunteers? Anything that would explain today’s events?”
“They’ve known who I am for years,” Fukuma said. “They know what I stand for: their extinction and the extermination of the hetero/cis patriarchy that rules the U.S.”
“If they’ve known for years, what changed? Why did they attack today?”
“You want to know why a pack of dogs will lunge and attack. I don’t know. Ask a dog.” Her eyes moved to Hazard.
“I think that’s all I need to hear,” Hazard said. “Can we go?”
“You asked me about Chuckie Armistead,” Fukuma said, her words pitched towards Somers but her eyes never leaving Hazard. “Is he the one who died in the fire on Monday?”
“We don’t comment on ongoing investigations,” Somers said.
“Let’s hope for your sake it was.”
“Why’s that?”
“Because Chuckie Armistead was the one behind all the assaults and vandalism in Wahredua. And I don’t mean he was the mastermind. I mean that pathetic little man was the one doing these things: spray-painting obscene words, vandalizing property, attacking those girls outside the Pretty Pretty.”
“Do you have any proof?” Somers asked. “Some of those cases have been outstanding for months. Why didn’t you come forward?”
“I have eyewitnesses. And no, detective, I’m not going to give them to you. They spoke to me confidentially. They spoke to me because they knew that the problem needed to be resolved outside of an oppressive and biased in-justice system.”
“Dr. Fukuma, are you telling me that these eyewitnesses confided in you because they assumed you would punish Chuckie Armistead?”
“What I’m telling you, Detective, is that you’re trying to solve the death of a man who deserves to rot in the public square. Chuckie Armistead is dead, and the world is a better place. Leave it at that.”
“I can’t breathe any more crazy for one day,” Hazard said in a low voice to Somers. “I’m getting some air.”
“That’s all we need for today, Dr. Fukuma,” Somers said. “We’ll be in touch if we have any further questions.”
As they left the cramped office, Fukuma called after them, “Detective Somerset, be sure to give your dog plenty of exercise.”
Somers yanked the door shut so hard that the frame rattled. The two men left the Social Sciences building, and Hazard was grateful for the spill of sunshine and the sticky heat when they stepped outside. A breeze carried the smell of fresh-cut grass, and along one shady edge of the quad, sprinklers chirped happily, their mist wetting the sidewalk and sparkling in the sunlight. Everything seemed so normal in contrast to the dark, musty insanity of Fukuma’s office.
“Well?” Somers said.
“She might have done it. I’m not saying she did. But she might have.”
“She’s a lunatic. And I need a drink.”
“You need lunch. And a doctor.”
“You too, before you pop out of that t-shirt.” 
Somers led them towards the car. Hazard closed his eyes for a moment, enjoying the warmth of the sunshine on his face and wrestling, deep down, with Fukuma’s words. The things she had said—just a dog on a leash—rang dangerously close to true.
“Hey,” Somers said, poking Hazard in the arm. “Fuck her, right?”
“What?”
“What she said. Fuck her.”
But Hazard didn’t respond; he didn’t trust himself to say anything.
“You’re not taking her seriously, are you?” Somers poked him again. “That stuff she was saying about you, it was out of line. And dead wrong.”
“You mean I’m not a butch, unobjectionable gay? I’m not trying too hard to blend in? She’s right, Somers. I want to be part of the force.”
“Yeah. You want to be part of the force. That doesn’t mean you’re some repressed closet-case. Unless—” Somers screwed up his face. “Do you really want to be wearing a mini-skirt, heels, and a feather boa?” Hazard’s shock must have shown on his face because Somers laughed. “See?” Somers said. “You’re not hiding who you are. Everybody knows you’re gay. Everybody knows you have a boyfriend.”
“But—”
“And trust me on this part,” Somers said as he opened the Impala’s door. “Or, if you want, you can ask Cravens. You are, hands down, the most objectionable detective on our force.” Then Somers grinned like a neutron star and dropped into his seat.
“Uh, thanks,” Hazard said as he climbed into the car. “I guess.”

Chapter 23
October 26
Wednesday
12:47pm

They picked up sandwiches at the Wahredua Family Bakery. Hazard felt a tingle of apprehension as they stepped through the door; the bell jingled overhead, and the smell of rising dough and freshly-baked bread and cinnamon swept over him in a rush. Fifteen years ago, this would have been trespassing of the highest order. Fifteen years ago, this would have gotten Hazard a broken nose at the least. Daring to step on holy ground, Mikey Grames’s sanctuary, carried a steep penalty.
“This place is awesome,” Somers said. “Totally turned around in the last few years, and it’s the best place to get a sandwich.”
Hazard didn’t answer. He turned in a slow circle, taking in the shelves full of specialty breads, the cases holding cookies and muffins and an enormous five-layer carrot cake and what looked like a hundred other desserts. A pair of old women, each of them carrying a marble rye and each of them looking like the bread weighed as much as she did, tottered around the displays, clucking to each other, but otherwise, Somers and Hazard were the only customers. Hazard’s gaze moved instinctively to the counter, expecting to see one of the many members of the Grames brood working there, and instead, he found a sunny-faced young woman wearing earrings the size of hula hoops.
“What can I get you?” she asked. “Oh, hi, Detective Somerset. Didn’t see you come in.”
“You know what I want, Mary Anne,” Somers said, smiling as he leaned on the counter-case. “This is my partner, Detective Hazard.”
“Oh,” Mary Anne said, and she blushed scarlet. “Nice to meet you, Detective.”
“Hazard will have the—” Somers hummed under his breath as he scanned the menu. “Same thing.”
“Hold on,” Hazard said. “I want—”
“Trust me.”
A few minutes later, they were back in the car, driving towards the hospital. Somers had already unwrapped his sandwich and started eating. Hazard peeled back the butcher paper and examined what Somers had—unasked for—ordered for him.
“I don’t like horseradish.”
“Just try it.”
“Or roast beef.”
“Just try it.”
“And what kind of cheddar—”
“For the love of God, will you take one bite?” Somers emphasized the statement by tearing another chunk from his sandwich.
Gingerly, Hazard raised the sandwich and took a bite.
“Well?” Somers said.
Hazard didn’t answer. He didn’t like horseradish. He didn’t really like roast beef. And the cheddar looked like it had come from a block of store-brand cheese. But—but the sandwich was incredible. The bread was soft, with a slight firmness in the crust. The flavors of the meat and cheese and the horseradish—not too strong—mingled perfectly.
“Well?” Somers insisted.
“It’s fine.”
“Bullshit.”
“All right,” Hazard said, “it’s pretty good.”
“It’s the best damn sandwich of your life.”
“I didn’t say—”
“It’s the best damn sandwich of your life,” Somers repeated. “And you’re welcome.”
Hazard rolled his eyes. But he did take another bite of the sandwich. “So,” he said. “That place doesn’t belong to the Grames anymore.”
“No, thank God. Mikey’s mom just about ran it into the ground. I heard she was taking the money out of the till and putting it straight into her pocket. Wasn’t paying vendors, wasn’t paying taxes. Just about as crooked as Mikey. I guess that’s where he got it from.”
“You ever see him?”
“Mikey?”
Somers chewed for a while longer. Tension began to build in Hazard’s stomach; he no longer felt hungry, and he rewrapped the sandwich. This was why he had come back to Wahredua, in part: because of Mikey Grames and Hugo Perry and John-Henry Somerset. Because Jeff Langham had put a gun in his mouth and pulled the trigger and Emery Hazard, almost twenty years later, felt an old, familiar helplessness that he’d never been able to shake. Now that Somers had given Hazard the perfect opportunity to bring up the past, Hazard wasn’t going to waste it.
After a few more minutes, Somers blew out a breath and threw his sandwich in his lap. “Look, I know I fucked up a lot in the past. I know I tried to apologize earlier, but here I go again: I’m really sorry.”
“Somers—”
“No, let me finish this time.” Somers breathed again. “What happened that day in the locker room—”
“No.” The word exploded out of Hazard before he could stop it. “We’re not talking about that.”
“I think we should. We never talked about it. We never even acknowledged it happened.”
“Of course we acknowledged it,” Hazard shouted, unable to control the pitch and intensity of his voice. “You pushed me down a fucking flight of stairs.”
A minute of strained silence passed between them.
“Emery,” Somers began.
“If you say another word, we’re done. I’ll walk away from this.” Hazard’s hands were shaking; he clasped his knees to steady them. “Somers, we’re done with the past. You’re a good guy now. I like this John-Henry, the one I’m partners with. I didn’t think I would. I thought I’d hate your guts. But I do like you. I want to work with you. I want to solve this case. That’s enough.”
On Somers’s face, for less than a heartbeat, a deep, internal struggle played itself out. Then it vanished, and Somers’s smiled his normal frat-boy smile. “So,” he said, drawing out the word. “You like me?”
“God, you’re a fucking moron.”
Somers grabbed his sandwich and took another bite. Speaking as he chewed, he said, “You really want to know about Grames, huh?”
“I saw him. At the Casey’s. He looked . . .” Hazard trailed off, trying to find a polite way to describe the man.
“Like a strung-out white-trash addict? Like a guy who’s been to prison more times than he has changes of underwear? Like a nice, shitty ending for a pretty shitty human being?”
“Something like that.”
“Well, you can pretty much guess his story.”
“Drugs?”
“I think speed is his flavor. He’s lucky if he still has anything teeth; last time I saw him, they were dropping out of his mouth like dead flies.” Somers’s hands tightened on the wheel. “I avoid that Casey’s, if you hadn’t guessed, so I haven’t seen him in a while. And if you want to know about Hugo, well, he’s dead.”
“Huh?”
“Hugo Perry. He’s dead. Got himself hit by a train on the MP lines. His car was sitting on the tracks, with him in it, and a train came along. Pieces of him and the car for fifty miles.”
“He was drinking.”
“Who knows. He was an idiot.” Somers shifted in his seat and fixed Hazard with a surprisingly penetrating stare. “What’s this all about? Are you planning on settling something?”
“No.”
“A lot’s changed in fifteen years. You could probably take Mikey Grames apart with one hand tied behind your back. You’re a cop, too, so you could do it and nobody would blink. Just say he was resisting arrest.”
“Is that who you think I am?”
“No. It isn’t. But I’m trying to figure out your angle. Did he do something when you saw him in that Casey’s? Did he recognize you? Say something? Take a swing?”
“Jesus, don’t be melodramatic. He was so wiped I don’t even think he’d have recognized his mother.”
“But you recognized him.”
After a moment, Hazard nodded.
“You’re not going to do something stupid, are you?” Somers said. “Because if you are, I’m your partner, and you’ve at least got to let me try to talk you out of it. And if I can’t talk you out of it, you have to let me help.”
“I’m not going to do anything.”
But that was a lie. Of the three people who had last been seen with Jeff Langham—while he was alive, that was—one was dead. With Hugo Perry out of the picture, that left only two remaining witnesses of what had happened in the hours before Jeff’s death: Mikey Grames, and John-Henry Somerset. Hazard wasn’t willing to risk a confrontation with Somers, not yet, not without more information. But he didn’t have any qualms about tracking down Mikey Grames. And, to borrow a phrase from Somers, Hazard wouldn’t mind taking the old bully apart piece by piece.

Chapter 24
October 26
Wednesday
1:03pm

Somers felt a kind of weary dizziness as he parked the Impala outside Wahredua Regional Hospital. It had already been a long day: their research at the station, followed by the adrenaline-fueled rush to the college, and then their encounter with the Volunteers. Somers’s part in that encounter had left him with a stunning headache and a creepy-crawl shame that made him want to curl up in the Impala’s backseat with a forty. 
But the day hadn’t ended there; it had just gone on and on. The interview with Fukuma had been bad—it had hurt Somers, in a way that shocked him, to see how Fukuma’s words had cut Hazard—and they hadn’t gotten anything useful from the women except an alibi and a string of accusations against the man who was, most likely, the victim of a murder. And then, to top it all off, Hazard had come out of the blue with questions about Mikey Grames.
What Somers wanted to do—if curling up with a forty in the backseat wasn’t an option—was talk. Not just about the locker room, although he’d been wanting to talk about that with someone, anyone, for almost fifteen years. He wanted to talk about all of it. About the name-calling and the shoving and the sneers. About the time he had held Hazard’s arms while Mikey cut on him. About pushing Hazard down the stairs—why the fuck had he thought it was such a brilliant idea at the time? But Emery Hazard might as well have been God’s own Fort Knox, and getting anything out of that man was close to impossible.
“You coming?” Hazard asked as he popped open the Impala’s door.
“Yeah.”
Wahredua Regional didn’t really look like a hospital. With its vast sprawl of multi-colored wings and additions—the color palette was a mixture of brown, mustard, and a hazardous orange—it most closely resembled a toddler’s first round with Lincoln Logs—if, that were, the toddler finished the project by throwing up all over everything. Somers hated the place on general principle, and its appearance didn’t help.
They were attended quickly and placed into adjacent rooms. Somers bounced his heels off the examination table as he waited. From the next room, where Hazard was, came low voices punctuated at the end by a furious growl from Hazard. A moment later, a young male tech practically flew out of the room, looking like he’d come close to having his hand bitten off. Good old Hazard.
As the minutes ticked by, Somers find himself kicking his heels harder, shifting in his chair, scratching at his arms. The smell—that smell of disinfectant, a harsh chemical smell without anything like citrus to soften it—how could the people here stand it? It was supposed to be, Hazard knew, a clean smell. But it didn’t smell clean to him. It smelled like helplessness, like old age, like decay. It smelled like ugliness, and a small, insistent part inside Somers—a part that he hated but was powerless to overcome—revolted at the smell because Somers knew he was young and beautiful and that this place wasn’t for him.
A doctor came through the door a few minutes later; by then Somers’s head was hurting so badly that he didn’t bother learning the man’s name. He just felt cold hands on the side of his face, and he followed instructions and answered questions, and at the end, he was pronounced fit for duty. “Although,” the doctor said in that kind of gruff, 1950s-fatherly cheer that doctors tend to assume, “I bet you’ve got a hell of a headache.” With that, the doctor gave Somers prescription-strength acetaminophen and left.
Somers swallowed the pills dry—Christ, could your head split open from the inside if the pain got bad enough?—and stepped out of the room. The ER was quiet today, with only a middle-aged couple sitting on the molded plastic chairs. The man had one arm in an impromptu sling; broken, Somers guessed. One nurse was diligently clacking away at a keyboard, while two older nurses stood heads together, throwing glances at Somers and giggling like they weren’t any older than fifteen. Somers threw them a cocky grin—it helped to have a cocky grin on hand, it could do a hell of a lot of work for you—and glanced around. Still no Hazard.
He peered into the adjacent room and found his partner seated, shirtless, on the examination table. As Somers stepped inside, Hazard’s head came up.
“If you send that weak-kneed pansy back in here—oh.”
“That weak-kneed pansy? I’m guessing that was the young man who raced out of here like you’d strapped a rocket to his back?”
Hazard shrugged. Again Somers was struck by how different his partner was from the boy he had known in high school. He was a big man, yes, but big in a tightly sculpted way—broad shoulders coming down to a narrow waist, abs and pecs chiseled under a layer of sparse, stiff hair. His long hair had come out of its careful part and now hung shaggily over his eyes. The bandage across his chest was stained red, and it had peeled away from his shoulder to expose the beginning of the cut.
“He kept touching me,” Hazard growled. “I told him if he didn’t keep his hands to himself, I’d break every one of his fingers and see how well he could wipe his ass like that.”
“He kept touching you?”
To Somers’s amusement, Hazard colored—a bright blush that ran through his face and down into his neck. “Where’s that damn doctor?”
“My bet?” Somers said, dropping into one of the vinyl-covered chairs along the wall. “They’re letting you sit. Maybe indefinitely. It’s a nice way to punish bad behavior, and there’s not really anything you can do about it.”
“Great.” Hazard’s hands swiped across the examination table. “Where the hell is that shirt?”
“Maybe the pansy took it.”
“Fuck this. We’re getting out of here.”
“You need stitches.”
“We have work to do.”
“Will you sit down? We’re not leaving until you’re taken care of.” Somers rocked himself onto his feet and stuck his head out of the room. As one, the two older nurses swiveled towards him, and Somers tried his cocky smile again. “I think my partner is ready to be civil, whenever the doctor has a minute.”
The women twittered, laughed, stuck their heads together, and then one said, “Just a few more minutes, Detective.”
Somers’s smile widened, and he mimed tipping his hat to them before ducking back into the room. “All right,” he said to Hazard. “Few more minutes and we’ll be out of here.”
They sat in silence for a moment before Hazard said, “What in the name of Christ happened earlier today?”
“Which part? It’s been a pretty memorable day.”
“I don’t get it,” Hazard said, and his face showed his genuine bafflement. “You’re a good cop. You’re smart, although you like to pretend like you’re nothing but smiles and eye candy. You did good work in Smithfield, from what I heard, and that’s the worst part of Wahredua. If anyone had asked me, I would have said you know how to handle yourself. But today, at the college—what the fuck were you thinking?”
“I made a mistake.”
“The way I see it, you’re not the kind who makes a lot of mistakes.”
Somers’s felt his face growing hot. “Well, I’m human. And I do make mistakes. Plenty of them. You should know better than anyone, but if you forgot somehow, go ahead and ask Cora. She’ll be happy to tell you.”
“Don’t do that. Don’t try to shuffle things around. We’re talking about work. You’re my partner. We need to be able to depend on each other. So I want to know what happened.”
“I didn’t expect them to turn on me. Not like that. Most people around here, well, they know me. They grew up with me. They grew up with you too, but—”
“But it’s different.”
“It is different, if we’re going to tell the truth. Not just because of what we were like in high school, although I know that’s part of it. And not just because of our families. I know that who I am, it’s part of the relationship I have with people in this town. But the other part of it, the other thing that makes you and me different, is that I’ve been here. Aside from Mizzou, I’ve been here my whole life. That means when people get drunk or violent, when they get out of hand, I know their mom or their grandma, I know their dad, I know who to call and I know who not to call. They might take a swing at me, but only when they’re so drunk or high they don’t know me from the President of the U.S. of A.”
“And you thought that made it ok to approach a dangerous mob?”
“No, dumbass. I wasn’t thinking of them as a mob. I was thinking of them as Bill Bay, Sydney Thomas, and Ralph Moree. I was thinking that most of those men had gone to my football games and cheered when I scored.”
“Cravens didn’t seem to—”
“Cravens has been an outsider for as long as she’s been an insider. She’s a woman and she’s a woman who wanted to be a cop. I mean, I shouldn’t have to spell this out for you, Hazard. You know what it’s like to be different in a small town. So I’ll say it again: I made a mistake, and it won’t happen again.” Somers tried to soften his breathing and his voice. “And thank you.”
“I said that to Cravens because I don’t need a partner who’s sidelined during our investigation.”
“I didn’t mean that. I mean thank you for saving my life. And, in the process, getting yourself sliced up. That’s on me. I know it’s on me. And I’m not going to forget it.”
Hazard, for his part, looked decidedly uncomfortable at the shift in tone. He shook his head and looked down at the floor. Somers sank back into the vinyl seat, letting out a slow breath of relief. What he had said had been true. For the most part. But Somers had been a cop in Wahredua for a long time. He knew better than to get close to a mob of rabid Volunteers, especially without taking the appropriate precautions.
No, the real reason for his mistake didn’t have anything to do with a small town and a long history with its inhabitants. No, the real reason was that John-Henry Somerset had been showing off for his new partner. He had wanted to look like a goddamn action hero, and he had wanted to impress Hazard. Well, look how well that had turned out.
“What Fukuma said,” Hazard began.
“I told you: fuck her.”
Waving a hand at this, Hazard said, “No, I mean about Armistead. It’s interesting.”
“Pretty much everything she said was interesting if interesting means bat-shit crazy.”
“She claimed that Armistead was behind that string of hate crimes. She said she had eyewitnesses.”
Somers stretched out his legs. “And she also said those eyewitnesses wouldn’t say anything to the police; they only told her because they were expecting the same kind of vigilante justice that the Volunteers want. That’s the most convenient kind of witness, you know: the kind that nobody can substantiate.”
“That’s the thing, isn’t it? On the one side, we have Naomi telling us that Armistead is the victim. She might be telling the truth. Armistead is about the right size for our victim. His truck matches the truck Lady Mabbe saw.”
“Let’s think about that: in that scenario, someone impersonating a Volunteer lures Armistead out to the trailer. He convinces Armistead to help him unload a barrel of paint thinner, and then—what? He kills Armistead and starts the fire?”
“More or less. In that scenario, Fukuma could still be our killer, but our immediate suspect is the other man, the one impersonating the Volunteer.”
“And the thing that doesn’t make sense is why Armistead would go along with the impersonation—even Naomi couldn’t work up a convincing story for that.”
“On the other hand,” Hazard said, “Fukuma tells us that Armistead is the one we should be looking at as a criminal.”
“You’re telling me he killed himself? That’s a stretch.”
“No. I’m saying we’ve taken Naomi’s story for granted. But what if Fukuma is right? What if Armistead and another man—presumably, in this scenario, another Volunteer, a real one—killed someone else? And they put the body in the trailer and set the fire and skipped town?”
“So in this version, Naomi is either lying to cover for them or, more likely, honestly believes Armistead is dead and wants Fukuma to go down for it.”
“Yeah, that’s how I see it too. It’s hard to believe Naomi would draw attention to Armistead if she knew he had killed someone and was on the run. She’d be more likely to keep quiet and say nothing.”
“So Armistead is either our killer or our victim,” Somers said. “Jesus, as if my head weren’t hurting enough already. And in either scenario, we need to find the other man. How in the world do we do that?”
“We keep following up on Armistead. And, for that matter, on Fukuma. Whatever she says, she’s still dangerous enough—”
“And crazy enough.”
“—to have done something like this, and we can’t discount Naomi yet because she’s been right about some important things so far.”
“So we follow up on Fukuma’s alibi. It’s going to be air-tight, Hazard. She’s not an idiot.”
“We follow up on the alibi,” Hazard said, nodding. “But we also follow up on her story of the witnesses. Let’s see if anyone else can put Armistead at some of these crimes. If there was someone he was regularly targeting, for example, we might have a better lead on that version of events.”
“That means going through all of those reports,” Somers said, his head throbbing at the thought. “Jesus, that’ll take days to find all those people, show them a picture of Armistead, ask them the right questions.”
“If it takes days, it takes days. But we might be able to narrow things down.”
Somers nodded. “Ok, I didn’t think of that. We look for patterns first. Or names we recognize. Cast a small net first.”
“Exactly. And we do one other thing.”
“What?”
“Fukuma mentioned a specific assault. One at the Pretty Pretty. We go there and start asking questions.”
Somers smiled in spite of his best efforts at self-control.
“What?” Hazard asked.
“You realize you’re asking me out to a gay club.”
“Oh my God,” Hazard groaned into his hands.
At that moment, the same doctor who had treated Somers stepped into the room. With familiar fatherly good cheer, he bellowed, “Well, now. Here’s our troublesome new detective. What have you been up to, young man?” He stepped over to the table. “That cut doesn’t look too good. Let’s get the bandage off. We’ll be careful with the tape—”
“No need,” Somers said, jumping to his feet. He grabbed the loose end of the bandage and ripped it free. “One pull, comes right off.”
Hazard grunted as the adhesive tore at the hairs on his chest and abdomen. Then his head came up, and he fixed Somers with a glare that was pure murder.
“You said we were in a hurry,” Somers told him with a grin and then sauntered out to the waiting room. He didn’t plan on being anywhere close to Hazard when the doctor started stitching him up. Hazard might be able to get a scalpel or something—no, better to let the nurses have a few more minutes of ogling. Somers whistled to himself; his head was already starting to feel better.

Chapter 25
October 26
Wednesday
2:15pm

Back at the station, Somers and Hazard found their desks in disarray. Papers had been shoved here and there, pencils and pens had been spilled everywhere, and on Somers’s desk, fallen paperclips sparkled amidst the debris.
“What the hell is this?” Hazard asked. “Where are my notes?” He shoved through the chaos. “Where the hell is anything?”
Somers grabbed his phone and started dialing.
“Who are you calling?”
“Upchurch.”
The phone burred twice before Upchurch’s voice came on the other line. “Hey, buddy.”
“What the hell?”
“Whoa. What’s up? You sound mad.”
“I am mad. It was one thing for you to hit my desk like a hurricane when we were partners, but you can’t come in here and go through Hazard’s stuff like that. Or mine. Not anymore.”
Hazard, doing his best glower, said, “Tell him if he fucks with my stuff again, I’ll fuck him up.”
Somers waved a hand to silence his partner.
“Buddy,” Upchurch said, “I’m over in Warsaw. Been here all day doing some fishing. That’s why I missed that first call. I had one on the line—big old catfish, about as big as Eldora. I wasn’t going to take a call from anybody but Ronald Reagan until I landed that catfish.”
Somers barely heard the words. Upchurch had the unfortunate habit of going through Somers’s desk when they were in the midst of an investigation and leaving everything looking like it’d been plowed by a hurricane. But Upchurch wasn’t even on the force anymore, and anyway, he was out of town. So who had gone through their stuff? And why?
“What’s that bastard say?” Hazard growled. “Tell him to get back here so I can kick his ass.”
Covering the phone’s receiver, Somers said, “Will you cool off? It wasn’t him. Go do something useful.”
“Something useful?” Hazard said in a dangerously low voice.
Somers gave him the finger and turned his attention back to the phone. Upchurch was speaking again.
“Listen, buddy, sorry about Naomi.”
“You damn well should be sorry. What were you thinking?”
“I was thinking that Naomi’s my only solid contact in the Volunteers, and if you didn’t talk to her, you were going to miss out on something big. At least, that’s what she told me.” A note of worry crept into Upchurch’s voice. “She wasn’t lying, was she? She gave you something good?”
“She gave me something. I don’t know if it’s good or not. Hey, Upchurch, she’s only been here for three months. You’ve pulled stuff from the Volunteers before, though. Who else do you have in there?”
“I’m not stupid enough to start naming CI’s, Somers. Not until I need to.”
“You couldn’t have given me one of them instead of Naomi?”
“I already told you: she’s my only solid contact. You know what those other guys are like. They’re all cranked up on speed and trying to bang their sister or their cow or their sister’s cow. Naomi’s smart. She’s crazy, going in for that Volunteers’ creed, and she’s ambitious as hell, but she’s smart. That’s the best I could give you.”
“It would have been nice to have a warning so Hazard didn’t see me with my ass hanging in the breeze.”
“What I hear about you two,” Upchurch said with a laugh, “neither of you must have minded too much.”
A frictive heat started somewhere inside Somers, heat caused by the collision of too many emotions moving too quickly. “What the fuck does that mean?”
“Nothing, buddy. Nothing. Just a joke.”
“You better believe it’s a fucking joke.”
“I just meant everybody says you two get along. I’m glad. The new guy, he seems like he’d have me walking on eggshells. Most people, in fact. Kind of cold, you know what I mean? But people say you two are doing fine.”
“Who says that?”
“Come on, buddy. You don’t spend almost twenty years in a department without making a few friends.”
“I’ve got to go, Upchurch. Lots to do.”
“Me too, buddy. Got to get all these catfish in my boat.”
“Luck.”
“You too.”
As Somers disconnected the phone, he was surprised to see Hazard coming back from the archives with a stack of folders in his arms. Clearing a space on the desk, Hazard set down the files and dropped into his chair.
“You know, we do a lot of stuff on these magic boxes now,” Somers said, tapping his monitor.
“People get lazy. Or stupid. Or they make mistakes.”
“People do.”
“What?”
“Nothing,” Somers said with a sigh. He grabbed a handful of folders. “Let’s see what we’ve got.”
What they had, though, was a surprising amount of paperwork to wade through. Somers and Hazard agreed to start by listing all the names of everyone involved in the reported cases that had been tagged—unofficially and provisionally—as hate crimes. The list was surprisingly long, over thirty people in the last three months, and two names stood out.
“Fukuma,” Hazard said, his big finger underlining the name. “She’s in your stack.”
“All right, I’ll read up on the case. And look here: our buddy Cervantes.”
“Back in September, so what?”
“He’s the only one who shows up twice. Back in September, and then last week when his garage got spray-painted.”
Hazard’s brow furrowed. “That seems like a stretch. How big is the gay community here? Isn’t it possible he just got hit a second time on accident?”
“Possible? Sure.”
“So why dig into him?”
“What’s going on?”
Hazard’s eyes flicked away, and red colored his cheeks. “What do you mean?”
“I mean, you’re going to have dinner with this guy’s boyfriend because he disappeared and he might have done something stupid, and then the same guy’s name shows up twice on our list and you act like it’s just a coincidence? I expected you to jump all over that. So what’s going on?”
“Fine,” Hazard said, grabbing a folder and slapping it open on the desk in front of him. “I’ll check.”
“Fine.” Somers slouched in his chair, bending back the cover of the file on Fukuma.
“And don’t say it like that,” Hazard snapped without looking up.
“What?”
“Going to have dinner.”
“Are you going somewhere?”
Hazard was silent for so long that Somers thought he wouldn’t answer. Then, finally, he grunted, “Yes.”
“Are you going to eat dinner wherever you end up going?”
“Fuck you.”
With a laugh, Somers turned his attention back to the file. As with most of the cases that fell under the provisional hate crime label, there was relatively little information, although Fukuma’s case did stand out as one of the most violent and dangerous of the incidents. An unknown suspect had thrown a homemade Molotov cocktail at Fukuma’s house. In this case, the perpetrator had used a bottle of vodka with a rag stuffed in the neck, but the weapon hadn’t worked well. When it exploded against the wall of Fukuma’s house, most of the alcohol was dispersed without igniting, and only a small patch of the porch was singed. Fukuma and neighbors had been interviewed, but the incident had happened in the early hours of the morning, and there had been no eyewitnesses. There had been no further leads.
Somers leaned back, thinking about what he had read and about what Fukuma had told him. Fukuma had expressed her belief that the Volunteers had wanted to kill her for a long time. Somers, personally, didn’t blame them—he had spent less than half an hour with Fukuma, and even he had wanted to kill her. The Molotov cocktail, even though poorly made, could have been deadly—if it had broken a window and set a fire inside the house, for example, especially while Fukuma was sleeping.
What interested Somers were two things: first, that no follow-up attempts had been made on Fukuma’s life, and second, that the weapon had been so ineffective. It wasn’t that difficult to build a decent Molotov cocktail. For that matter, it wasn’t that difficult to build a decent pipe bomb or other homemade explosives—a car bomb, for example. Among the Volunteers—many of whom had either a criminal background or criminal connections—it wouldn’t be difficult to find someone who could make a weapon that would kill Fukuma.
So, if they had really wanted her dead, why hadn’t they? Had there been some other reason for the failed attack? Had it been intended to frighten, maybe even to terrorize, but not to kill? Somers scanned the list of dates that he and Hazard had compiled. The attack on Fukuma’s house had come on September 18. That wasn’t that long ago. Naomi claimed that Fukuma and Armistead had come into conflict, potentially more than once. Fukuma, on the other hand, claimed that she didn’t know who Armistead was.
Somers guessed that Fukuma had been telling the truth when they asked her if she’d ever heard of Charles Armistead. Her answer had been clear and quick. But when Somers had shown her the picture, everything had changed. Fukuma had definitely recognized Armistead. And, more importantly, she had lied about recognizing him. Why?
Was Armistead the man who, at the Volunteers’ march in July, had gotten into a fight with Fukuma? That seemed possible. Even probable, considering Fukuma’s reaction to the photo and Naomi’s claims. But why had there been such a lapse between the confrontation at the march and what Somers was beginning to believe was Armistead’s attempt at retaliation? Had something else happened? Something that had pushed Armistead to such an act? Or had Armistead simply been waiting? And neither situation explained why, when the attack failed, Armistead hadn’t tried again.
Somers realized that Hazard was on the phone, and he heard Hazard’s gravelly voice asking about Fukuma. Stretching to ease the kinks after so much sitting, Somers dropped the folder on the desk and listened.
“Yes, ma’am,” Hazard was saying. “Yes. Yes. Yes, ma’am. A terrible—” He had the look of a man trapped with an elderly aunt—a very elderly aunt—who only wanted to talk about her pet Yorkie but who might, if he listened long enough, hand over twenty bucks for a night at the movies. “Yes, as you say, it’s—wait, what was that?” Everything about Hazard changed; it was like the air before a lightning strike, all the energy rising in a current. “If you could just go over that one more time. Yes, yes, yes. Thank you, ma’am, I have to go.”
When Hazard disconnected the call, he wasn’t smiling, but he had a kind of grim satisfaction radiating off him. “Convention organizer, for Fukuma’s alibi.”
“What’d you find out?”
“You first.”
So Somers laid out what he had seen in the case: his surmise that Fukuma had lied about knowing Armistead, the likely date of their conflict at the march in July, and the strangeness about the attack on her home. When he’d finished, he said, “There’s a lot to fill in, but there’s definitely reason to see the events as connected. What about you? Rosendo Cervantes, what’s the deal?”
“You’re right.”
“What?”
“You were right. About them being connected, I mean. The first file, Cervantes got into a fight with someone at the Pretty Pretty. On the 911 call, he claimed he was being threatened and that his life was in danger. When officers showed up, Cervantes gave them the description of a tall, powerfully built bald man with a swastika tattoo. They asked around, but Cervantes said this had happened in a back alley. No cameras. No witnesses. When they asked him what he’d been doing back there, Cervantes told them the guy had approached him, asked for a blowjob, and Cervantes had said yes. The guy took him out back, threatened him, and then just ran off. In the interview, Cervantes said he’d made a huge mistake about sex with strangers, all that stuff, but otherwise stuck to his story. The officers canvassed the area, but nothing. And that’s where they left it.”
“Ok,” Somers said, nodding. “I remember that one now. We tried contacting Cervantes, he wouldn’t return phone calls, wouldn’t come to the door. Upchurch and I finally decided to shelve it; we had hotter stuff rolling in, and we had to keep going. When was this one?”
“I don’t know. September, I think. Anyway, listen: I got something from Fukuma’s convention. The ethical castration shit. The lady I talked to told me what an honor it was to have Fukuma, how important she was, they were so glad they were able to work her into the schedule after that earlier misunderstanding, the tragedy of the hate crime bombing—I guess somehow they heard about that—and then, here’s the best part: how sad it was that Fukuma couldn’t stay for the closing banquet, what a loss to everyone after her excellent speech, blah, blah, blah.” Hazard sat back, practically glowing again with self-satisfaction. “She left Manhattan at 4:30pm. Right after her talk, that’s what the lady told me.”
“Lot of places she could go,” Somers said. “The hotel, for example. Maybe she was just sick of all the people, needed a break. Maybe she had a migraine.”
“Maybe she drove back to Wahredua. What is it to Manhattan? Four hours?”
“Close to that. But we don’t know she came back to Warhedua. No proof of it, anyway.”
“No proof. Not yet. But from what you saw in the case file and from what I heard on the phone, you’ve got to admit: motive and opportunity.”
Somers grunted and, after a moment, nodded. “Yeah.”
“What?”
“Nothing, I’m just playing devil’s advocate. I like it. I think it works.”
Hazard glanced at his watch. “Next step is?”
“You’re going to dinner. Don’t make that face, I’m serious. If this Cervantes guy really did get threatened by Armistead, maybe he told the boyfriend some details. You ask him about it. See if he can tell us anything else about what’s been going on. If Fukuma is telling the truth and there are people in the gay community who won’t talk to the police, maybe Nico will pass some of that information to you.”
“Because I’m gay.”
Somers shrugged. “And because he wants in those very tight pants you wear. Meanwhile, I’ll check out the Pretty Pretty.”
A shark grin curved Hazard’s mouth. “You?”
“Sure, why not?”
“You’re going to a gay club? Alone?”
“I’m going for work, Hazard, not for play.”
“Those boys are going to eat you alive.”
“I’m a grown man. I think I can handle myself.”
By now, Hazard was grinning so hard his cheeks looked ready to split. “All right.”
“What? What is it?”
“Nothing. I can’t wait to hear how it goes.”

Chapter 26
October 26
Wednesday
5:17pm

Hazard needed to go home and change before dinner, but he had one stop to make first. He said goodnight to Somers—the blond detective, with his perfect swimmer’s looks and his rumpled dress shirt and his tie hanging loose, was a kind of genetic gaybait that Hazard wished he could see set loose in the Pretty Pretty—and drove a handful of blocks to the Casey’s where Mikey Grames worked. Then he sat in the parking lot, counting cars, watching the ebb and flow—but mostly the ebb, as cars pulled away from the station. It was rush hour, or what passed for it in Wahredua, and that didn’t give Hazard much of an opening, but the Casey’s was never very busy and rush hour was no exception.
When he saw his chance, he took it. The last car in front of the convenience store pulled away, and Hazard sprang out of his seat and loped up to the door. He slipped inside and turned the deadbolt and the closed sign behind him. He guessed that he had five minutes before someone came knocking.
 Mikey Grames didn’t look any better than when Hazard had last seen him. If anything, he looked worse. Grames had always been big: big arms, big legs, a big middle that had made him the object of teasing until Mikey had learned it was better to be feared than humiliated. He was still tall, but a lot of the excess weight had vanished—meth, Hazard guessed, which explained the rotting brown stumps in Mikey’s mouth. His lank, straw-colored hair fell to his shoulders; the dandruff looked thick enough to have its own seismic activity. Everything about the man spoke of hard living, drugs, and the slow disintegration of a human being.
This, Hazard reminded himself, was the bastard who had tried carving his initials into Hazard’s chest. This was the bastard, along with Hugo and John-Henry, who had tortured Hazard for most of his adolescence. And today, Hazard was going to find out what this bastard had done to Jeff Langham.
Mikey, for his part, still seemed not to have noticed Hazard, so Hazard took an extra moment to scan the cameras. Then, with a firm stride, he crossed behind the counter, grabbed Mikey by the collar, and dragged him towards the rack of brown-paper-covered skin rags at the back of the store. 
Mikey took a full fifteen seconds to react. Then he struggled, one of his wiry hands biting into Hazard’s wrist, the other one coming around in a fist. Hazard was already moving, but he hadn’t expected Mikey to take the offensive, and the punch landed just below the ribs. With a grunt, Hazard felt his breath explode from his lungs.
Taking two more steps, Hazard spun around and launched him into the porno rack. Paper-covered magazines flew into the air, and the metal frame rattled and crashed. Mikey took another swing, but this time Hazard was ready. Instead of connecting with Hazard, the punch went wide. Hazard followed Mikey’s miss by slapping Mikey on the side of the head. Mikey stumbled, swung again—even more wildly this time—and Hazard landed a second slap. He knew it had to be ringing Mikey’s bell pretty bad, but Mikey still didn’t go down.
Then it happened, what Hazard had been waiting for: Mikey went for his knife. Hazard wasn’t stupid enough to get involved in a knife fight, especially when he was the one without a knife—the odds were high that it would end badly. But he had counted on Mikey acting exactly like what he was—a scumbag ex-con carrying some sort of weapon.
As soon as Mikey’s hand dipped towards his pocket, Hazard pinned him against the porno rack. Mikey struggled one last time, bringing his knee up towards Hazard’s crotch, but Hazard blocked the blow and cracked Mikey’s head against the vinyl paneling on the back wall.
“What do you have here?” Hazard asked, wrenching Mikey’s hand up to display the knife. He squeezed and twisted, and with a gasp, big old Mikey Grames, who had made Hazard’s life thirty-one flavors of hell, dropped the blade. “That’s second-degree assault. Maybe first, depending on the story I tell. And trust me, Mikey, I can tell a really good story when I want to.” Hazard paused. He felt hollow again, that kind of icy, arctic landscape emptiness that he had felt since coming back to Wahredua, as though a whole universe could blow through him and leave him just as empty as before. With another quick movement, he cracked Mikey’s head against the wall again. “Who am I?”
Mikey Grames mumbled something; his knees went limp, and his big frame slumped forward.
Hazard cracked his head against the wall again. “Who am I?”
This time, Mikey mumbled a name.
“Say it louder.”
“Hazard. Emery Hazard.” Mikey’s eyes finally came up, still cloudy with whatever shit he was on, and cloudy too with pain and anger and the blows to the head. In spite of those clouds, though, the hate and contempt were unmistakable. That was the look Hazard was accustomed to seeing in Mikey’s eyes.
“You know how this is going to work?” Hazard asked.
“You can’t do this,” Mikey said sullenly. “You don’t have the right. I’m working an honest job. I didn’t do anything. I didn’t—”
“Be quiet, you stupid piece of shit. Be quiet and listen to me very carefully. Here’s how this is going to happen. You’re going to answer my questions. And then I’ll let you go back to whatever the hell you’re doing. If you try to hold something back, if you try to lie, I’ll know. And then I’ll drag you straight to the station. Your ass won’t have time to touch a chair before they’re shipping you back to prison.”
“You got no right. You got no—” Mikey’s words cut off as Hazard closed one paw around his neck; the ex-con’s protests thinned out into a strangled shriek.
“First question: what did you do to Jeff Langham?”
When Hazard released the meth-head, he said, “What? Who?”
“Langham. Jeff Langham. Back in high school. The only kid our year who killed himself. The only one who died the whole time we were in high school.” Hazard could hear his voice getting louder, his hands tightening on Mikey, but he couldn’t seem to pull back. “What did you do to him?”
“Nothing. I swear to God, nothing. It was a suicide. They all said it. Everybody said it. The twink put a gun between his teeth and knocked out the back of his head, that’s what everyone said, that’s what everyone still says.”
“I’m going to ask you one more time,” Hazard said; he had managed to crank his voice down to a normal level, but his knuckles were still white where he gripped Mikey. He knew he was hurting the man. He didn’t care. “If you tell me nothing, we’re going for a drive.”
Mikey’s drug-hazed eyes widened; the anger and contempt were still there, but now Hazard could see fear as well. When Mikey spoke again, his words were whispered and frantic, and they reeked with the stench of his rotting teeth.
“Oh Jesus, oh Jesus, oh Jesus. We didn’t mean for anything like that to happen. We were just—it was just boys, you know? Just boys being boys. And I was on something, that’s it, I was high, and those other boys, they were in it too, they were there.”
“Hugo?”
“Hugo Perry didn’t have the guts to piss on an ant, but he was there because he wanted what we had. Me and your buddy. Your new partner.”
“Keep talking.”
Mikey’s eyes drifted down Hazard. A cruel smile shaped itself around the brown stumps of teeth. “You still got my mark, don’t you? You’re still mine. I own your faggot ass, still, don’t I?”
“You have got to be,” Hazard said, grabbing Mikey by the jaw and ramming his head against the wall again. “The stupidest son-of-a-bitch Wahredua ever produced.” Again, Mikey tried to fall, and again Hazard pinned him against the rack full of last month’s Hustler and Penthouse. “Somers was there.”
“He stayed when we cut you, remember that?” Hazard raised a fist, and Mikey cowered, raising both hands and saying, “It’s important. I’m telling you this because you gotta know.” Hazard hesitated and then dropped his fist, and after a moment Mikey continued. “He stayed. You remember Hugo was a little bitch. Just a little blood, I told him. It ain’t hurtin’ him none. Just a little blood and just a little reminder about the way things work in this town. But Hugo’s balls must have dropped off because as soon as I started cutting, he pissed himself and took off running. Remember?”
“A little differently,” Hazard said. “But more or less.”
In truth, though, it was more than a little different. It hadn’t been a little cut, a little blood. It had been deep, painful sawing with a dull Swiss Army knife blade. It had been a lot of blood, enough blood that it had soaked the waistband of Hazard’s jeans and stained his Jockey’s rust-colored. And Hugo hadn’t run right away. He had stayed long enough for Mikey to make three cuts.
“Well, that was the end of that game, wasn’t it? I mean, it wasn’t any fun, not after that.”
“You mean the two of you couldn’t hold me.”
“Oh, we could have done it. It would have gotten all messy, though, and I didn’t want a mess. I was just after a little fun.”
“You said this had something to do with what happened to Jeff. Hurry up and connect the dots before I get tired of memory lane.”
“Jeff,” Mikey said, still wearing that cruel grin and now shaking his head. “Never would have taken him for a fag, you know? Except, now that I think of it, he was on the wrestling squad, wasn’t he? And that’s about the only sport a fag can really get into. Like I said, though, he was real quiet, kept to himself, got along with everybody. Never would have guessed. Until, of course, I saw him staring at you. Mrs. Sullivan’s class. Statistics. You remember that? You sat in the front, of course. That was your style. And I was in the back. That was my style. And there was Jeffrey Langham sitting right between us like God smacked him down there and meant for me to see. He was just staring at you. A flatbed truck could have mowed him down and he probably wouldn’t have blinked. You ever see him look at you like that? If you believe in true love, that’s what it must look like. That’s what you thought. You thought that was true love. I can see it in your eyes.”
“Mikey, if you want to keep sucking breath through those rotten teeth, you better hurry up.”
But this time, the threat had no impact. Mikey wasn’t just smiling anymore. He was grinning. He was beaming like he’d just yanked hard on a slot machine and hit three red cherries. “You loved him too, is that it? Couple of fags sucking each other’s peckers before they fall off from AIDS, ain’t that sweet.”
Hazard managed a breath. “All right. Let’s go to the station.”
“No. You want to hear about Jeff, I’m going to tell you about Jeff. But I’m going to tell you because I want to. Because I know it’s going to hurt like your first dry fuck. And then, faggot, you’re going to walk out of here and never look sideways at me because, after all this time, you still know who owns your ass.” Mikey paused, obviously waiting for a reaction to his speech. When Hazard offered none, Mikey continued, “The thing about Jeff is, he got mouthy. You, you’d clam up. Try to disappear. Hide. Not Jeff. Too stupid, I guess.
“He was coming out of the Video Hut with some dumb-shit movie; I was sitting there with Hugo and John-Henry. I called him out for being a fag, told him how I’d seen him looking at you, told him what we did to fags in Wahredua. He—” A momentary recollected wonder flashed in Mikey’s eyes, and he tilted his head, as though displaying part of his face for Hazard. “He hit me, a real ringer, and he was wearing some sort of fucking ring. Cut my jaw up pretty bad. You see the scar, don’t you? Just a white little thing now, but I was mad.
“We hit him, that’s for God’s sure. And then we drove him out to the bluff in his car and kept working him over. Broke a couple of ribs, I think. He was spitting blood, coughing, crying, face all covered in snot. Jesus, those were the good old days. Not like today. Not all these fags now, prancing around with their asses hanging out of their shorts. And then Hugo had a pretty good idea. If Jeff liked cock so much, why not give him some? Why not give him enough to choke on it? Fuck, the things we did to that boy—”
Hazard’s fingers tightened automatically on Mikey’s throat, cutting off the air until Mikey squeaked. “Somers,” Hazard asked. His voice was coming from about a mile off, thin like it was ringing down a tin-can telephone. “He was there for this?”
“That’s the twist. Once I really started going on Jeff, John-Henry got squirmy. I could tell he was going to run. I figured Hugo would too, and I didn’t care anymore. I was going to teach that fag a lesson. He’d ruined my face.” Again, Mikey tilted his jaw, displaying the scar. “He had to pay for that. And you know what? Hugo stayed. He knew what that faggot needed. John-Henry—he’s the big deal, now. Star of the town. Detective. Deep down, though, your partner is nothing but a pussy, the genuine article. You should have seen how fast he ran. Later, he tried to make up for it. Too late. Wanted to show he still had a pair, wanted to be part of the gang. I said, ‘There’s another faggot, easy pickings.’ And next thing you know, John-Henry Somerset shoved the town queer down the high school stairs. What’d you break? Your leg, right?”
“My arm.”
“Damn. I’ve been telling everyone it was your leg. Anyway, I said we were going to give you the same treatment as Jeff since he’d liked it so much, but John-Henry was too much of a coward. Kept saying you didn’t deserve it, you knew your place, kept your head down. It was bullshit, though, and Hugo and I didn’t buy it. Like I said: your partner was a pussy then, and he’s sure as hell a pussy now.”
The Casey’s was too small. The smell of fresh plastic off the magazine rack, the pizza warmed under the heating lamps, the sugary-fruit scent of the frozen drinks whirling in their machine—it choked Hazard, and he couldn’t seem to clear his throat. He needed out of this place. He needed air. But he couldn’t see the door, he couldn’t even see Mikey Grames. All he could see was Jeff Langham dragging himself into the seat of his car after they had—
—raped—
—beaten the shit out of him, and Jeff reaching in the back, finding the shotgun his dad kept there all four seasons and sliding the cool metal into his bloody, savaged mouth.
Hazard heaved Mikey, sending the big man flying along the length of the store. The porno rack caught his leg, clattering sideways and spilling titty rags all over the floor. Mikey slammed into a tower of twenty-four-packs, which crashed and split. A can of 7-Up fizzed and whirled, spraying carbonated soft drink over the red tiles. Amidst the wreckage, Mikey groaned and flopped like a dying fish.
Hazard turned away from the sight. He needed the door, and air, and a highway out of the past. As he turned, his foot struck something, and Mikey’s knife skittered into view. Hazard hesitated. It would be easy. It might even be possible to get away with it. Dirty cops had gotten away with a lot more, even in small towns like Wahredua. Before he knew what he was doing, Hazard scooped up the blade and weighed it in his hand.
For a moment, the pull was so strong that he had convinced himself to do it, and his body was rotating towards Mikey. It was like being tugged up a hill by a pull-rope: gravity might be working against, but it didn’t matter because that pull-rope was going to get you to the top or rip your arms the hell out of their sockets. That’s how it felt, getting pulled around towards Mikey, being dragged against gravity by a force that couldn’t be stopped.
And then a small, icy voice, the little portion of Hazard’s brain that had retained a semblance of reason, said: the cameras. The fire behind Hazard’s eyes went out; again, he felt that hollowness inside, that roar of an arctic wind. He folded Mikey’s knife and dropped it into a pocket. Then, without a backward glance, he let himself out of the Casey’s and drove back to the Bridal Veil Motor Court.
He could kill Mikey later, when he had a better plan and the right opportunity. But there was still one last person to talk to before Hazard could close the case on Jeff Langham: John-Henry Somerset.

Chapter 27
October 26
Wednesday
6:59pm

At the Bridal Veil Motor Court, Hazard showered, careful of the bandages on his chest and hand, and dressed. A part of him was aching for jeans and a t-shirt—he’d been wearing a jacket and tie for what felt like a month straight. But tonight wasn’t a date, no matter how much Somers tried to tease, and so Hazard found a clean pair of trousers, a clean button-up, and his navy jacket. He pulled up at the Trattoria Mariangela a minute before seven.
The Trattoria Mariangela had not existed when Hazard had been growing up in Wahredua. It occupied the main floor of a smart brick building two blocks from Wroxall’s campus, and huge picture windows opened two sides of the restaurant. Pedestrians, common this close to the college, could gaze in longingly at all the diners, who were enjoying a variety of Italian dishes that looked, even from a distance, both delicious and heart-heavy. Billy, Hazard thought, would have shit a brick before coming to a place like this.
Pushing aside the thought of Billy, Hazard climbed out of the car, wincing at the grumbles of stiff muscles after the long day. The smell of roasted garlic and tomato sauce dragged him towards the restaurant; even if he hadn’t had an appointment with Nico, the aroma of all that Italian meat and cheese would have been enough to haul Hazard in off the street. His mouth was already watering, and it felt like a long time since the roast beef sandwich.
Inside, the restaurant was decorated with the rustic Tuscan style that so many Italian places had adopted following the likes of Olive Garden: stucco walls, ornate plaster sculptures, even a fountain tinkling at the center of the room. The roasted garlic smell was stronger here, and mixed with it came the aroma of seared meat. Veal, Hazard thought like a light going off. He was going to eat a mountain of veal tonight because Billy wasn’t there to frown and priss and bitch about it.
On his first glance, he spotted Nico. It would have been harder for the younger man to stand out any more: the only thing that could have drawn more attention to him would have been a floodlight. Hazard took a moment to study him. Nico Flores was, Hazard had to admit, good looking. Maybe even as good looking as Nico thought he was, and it was obvious that he had a very clear sense of his own attractiveness. Skin just a shade cooler than copper, his thick black hair falling in a hipster shag to the middle of his ears, shoulders broad enough to set dinner for six. He was wearing jeans—with holes in them, of course—and a t-shirt that looked like it could have come off a rack at Target or cost a hundred dollars at a boutique. Billy would have been able to spot the difference. Hazard only knew there was a difference because it seemed to matter, and he knew it was important to keep track of details like that.
As though sensing Hazard’s gaze, Nico glanced up, saw Hazard, and smiled. The effect was heart-stopping, and Hazard immediately revised his opinion. Yes, Nico Flores was every bit as good looking as he thought he was—and then some. A guy could die from that smile, just fucking die. And Hazard, in spite of his best efforts at self-control, found himself smiling back and raising a hand.
“I’m glad you came,” Nico said, his voice trying a touch too hard for confident and betraying, Hazard was surprised to realize, nerves. “I didn’t think you would.”
Hazard dropped into the seat opposite. “Nice place.”
“Yeah, sure.” Nico glanced around and signaled to a waiter. “You want something to drink? A beer?”
“No.”
“Red wine?”
Hazard shook his head.
“I bet you’re an Old Fashioned guy, right? Smoke a cigar, sprawl in a club chair, is that it?” Nico laughed, still trying to flag down their waiter.
“Just water.”
Nico shook his head as the waiter approached. “An Old Fashioned,” he said, tilting his head towards Hazard, “and another of these for me.” He swirled what looked like the remains of a frozen daiquiri and downed the rest of it.
“Do you want a minute to look at the menu?” the waiter asked.
“Yes,” Nico said.
At the same time, Hazard shook his head. “No, we’re ready.”
They locked gazes for a minute, and then Nico waved the waiter away. “A few more minutes.” But before, the waiter could leave, Hazard put out a hand to stop him. To Hazard, Nico added, “You haven’t even looked at the menu.”
Looking at the waiter, Hazard asked, “You have veal parmesan?”
“Yes. It comes with a side of—”
“That’s fine.” Hazard fixed Nico with a look. “You?”
“Uh—” Nico flipped through the menu. “I don’t—I guess the salmon. Steamed broccoli instead of the rice, please. No butter.”
After the waiter had collected their menus and left, Nico peered into the empty daiquiri glass with a hopeless expression. Then, obviously trying to muster his courage, he glanced up at Hazard and tried that huge, glittering smile again. It made Hazard think of movie stars; there was probably something like ten thousand dollars of dental work behind that smile.
“Veal parmesan, huh?”
Hazard shrugged.
“You’re not worried about those poor calves? No social conscience?”
“Guess not.”
“Why veal parmesan? Is that your thing? Ordering without looking at a menu? Does it impress people?”
“I don’t have a thing. And I don’t think ordering at a restaurant—with or without a menu—has ever impressed anyone.”
“So why?”
“Jesus, I don’t know. I always get it. It’s a safe choice.”
“Is that how you go through life? Making safe choices?”
“Listen, kid—”
“How old are you? I’m twenty-nine.”
Hazard shook his head. “Listen,” he tried again.
“I just think if you’re going to call me kid, you should be about twenty years older than me. Unless, that is, you just want me to call you daddy.” He flashed that smile again. It carried so much sexual tension that the air was practically humming. They’d all be lucky if the crystalware for three tables in every direction didn’t shatter. 
“I don’t know what you think this is,” Hazard said, leaning forward so he could pitch his voice low. He caught a whiff of the boy’s cologne—musky, almost smoky, and it made his head spin. “But it’s not a date, ok? You wanted to talk about your ex. You think he’s in trouble. I told you to talk to a uniformed officer, and you told me you wouldn’t talk to anyone except me. So I’m here, but I’m not here to play footsie and banter and see who can make the most asinine comment that’s supposed to sound suggestive.” Hazard took a breath, and there was that smell again, like his knees had turned to water. “What did you want to talk about?”
Nico’s eyes tightened, but his face smoothed again immediately. “Have you eaten dinner already?”
“What?”
“Dinner. It’s the meal most people eat at the end of the day—”
“I know what dinner is. No, obviously I haven’t eaten it. I just ordered the goddamn veal parmesan.”
It was the kind of outburst, and the kind of tone, that would have pitched Billy into a hair-pulling, top-of-the-lungs scream-fest that might have lasted for days. Nico, however, just shook his head. “So eat dinner with me. I’ll talk about Chendo, promise. I do want to talk about him. That wasn’t a lie. But just talk to me like a normal person for a few minutes.” His eyes sparkled, and Hazard jumped as he felt Nico’s foot caress the back of his leg. “Think of it as building trust with your informant. That’s all you’re doing.”
At that moment, their drinks arrived, and Hazard gulped down the Old Fashioned. It wasn’t his drink—it wasn’t anywhere close to his drink—but he had the feeling he was going to need alcohol to get through the next hour or two. As he lowered the empty glass, he caught sight of Nico studying him over the rim of the daiquiri.
“That bad, huh?”
“Not in my wheelhouse.”
Amusement flickered in Nico’s face before he smothered it. “It won’t be that bad. I’ll start. How old are you?”
“Thirty-three,” Hazard said with a sign. “And you’re not twenty-nine.”
“I am—”
“You’re not.”
It was the type of flat contradiction that would have sent Billy up in flames, but Nico just chuckled. “I’m twenty-five.”
“And you’re still in college?”
“Graduate school. Theology.”
Hazard’s eyebrows shot up. “Didn’t take you for a priest.”
This time, Nico laughed outright, and hard enough that he had to set down his drink. “No,” he said when he recovered. “Not a priest. Things I’ve done would probably curl a saint’s hair. I’m a total atheist, but I find theology really fascinating. It’s more like . . . I guess cultural history, something like that.”
“Wroxall has a good program?”
“Yeah. It’s more about the adviser, though, and there’s a woman here I really want to work with.”
“Lync Fukuma?”
“God, no. She’s a terror. You want another Old Fashioned?”
“Beer,” Hazard said, shaking his head. When the waiter passed, he ordered a Guinness, which they didn’t have, but they did have a Schlafly that was in the same ballpark, so he asked for that. As he sank back into his seat, he noticed Nico’s gaze. It was a surprisingly compassionate gaze, and Hazard felt heat coming into his cheeks.
“So you grew up here?”
Hazard nodded. “You heard that?”
“Just about everybody knows who you are. It’s a pretty big deal.”
“Gay cop?”
“That, and the fact that you’re a local boy coming home.”
“What about you? You’re definitely not from here.”
“No,” Nico said, laughing and sipping at the frozen drink. “Buenos Aires, for the most part, but my mom’s American.”
“You went to college at Wroxall?”
“Columbia.”
“And you came here for grad school?”
“Like I said, it’s more about the adviser.”
Hazard accepted the Schlafly stout from the waiter and took a long pull. Dry, with the slightest hint of burnt sugar. Not bad. “God, I can’t imagine moving here after New York.”
“It’s been nice, actually.” Nico looked about to say something more, but then he paused. Slender, artistic fingers traced a pattern on the tablecloth.
“Nice? Wahredua? I must be missing something.”
“It’s quiet. I needed some quiet.”
Hazard waited; he could tell there was something else that young man wanted to say, and Somers probably could have drawn it out with a smile and a joke, but Hazard had no idea what to say, so he just waited.
After what must have been a full minute—maybe two—of silence, Nico added, “New York overloads me. It’s so much noise and movement. Everything’s so fast. I was going to crack if I stayed there any longer.” He shrugged. “Besides I get back there every so often.”
“Boyfriend?”
“No. Work.”
“You commute to New York for work?”
“A few times a year.”
“What do you do?”
“Just some contract work. It’s stupid, let’s drop it.”
“What is it? Consulting?”
“No.”
“Sales?”
“No.”
Hazard frowned. “Freelance something? Journalism? Photography?”
“God, will you drop it?”
“I’m a detective. This is kind of my job.”
Letting out a breath, Nico squeezed his eyes shut. “Anybody can just go home and google it, so I guess I’ll just tell you.” He drew in another breath, and Hazard was waiting for something jaw-dropping: hired hitman, U.N. diplomat, prodigy brain surgeon. “I model.”
“Oh.”
“See, that’s why I didn’t want to tell you.”
Hazard made a noncommittal noise.
“Because now you think I’m brain-dead, right? I speak five languages. I can read three more—Greek, Hebrew, and Latin. I’ve got an article coming out next month in a reputable scholarly journal.”
Holding up both hands, Hazard fought a smile.
“It’s easy money. And it’s good money.”
“I didn’t say anything.”
“No, but you’re thinking it: just another gay boy desperate for the limelight.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever used the word limelight in my life.”
Nico didn’t answer; he just swirled his melting daiquiri and stared at the tablecloth.
“It suits you,” Hazard said.
“What?”
“When you tell people you model, I bet that’s what they think. It suits you. You look like that’s something you’d do. That’s all.”
“Yeah, right. I tell a woman, and they want to priss and preen and ask me about doing my hair. I tell a straight guy, and they want to get the hell away from me as fast as I can before I queer them. I tell a gay guy, and they get bitchier than hell, and I’m lucky if I get away without my hair getting ripped out.”
“Is that before or after they try to pick you up?”
“Both,” Nico said, flashing a small smile.
“What did Chendo think about it?”
“I’m not stupid. I see what you just did there. But I don’t care. It’s nice talking to you, and you obviously hate small talk more than anyone I’ve ever met in the whole world, so I appreciate the effort.”
“Thanks,” Hazard said.
Nico flashed another grin. “Chendo was like just about every other guy I’ve dated. At first, they think they’re incredibly lucky. I mean, they bagged a fucking model, right? And that’s a big deal for their egos. They don’t want to do or say anything that might irritate me, and that pisses me off more than anything, and pretty soon we start fighting. Then they figure out that I drop my clothes all over the house and that I don’t wash dishes and that I’m not some crazy sex demon that will bang them into some kind of supernatural ecstasy. And then we circle the drain for a few weeks, maybe a few months, sniping at each other until it all falls apart.”
Sipping at his Schlafly, Hazard waited for more.
“Sound familiar?”
“Not really. I’ve only dated two guys. The first one didn’t end well. The second one’s still going.”
“No fights?”
“Of course there were fights.”
“Are you in love?”
Hazard sipped at the beer again. “Tell me about Chendo.”
“I told you he was cheating on me, right? And I figured it out, and we fought, and he left.”
“How’d you figure it out?”
“I have the password to his phone. He gave it to me because I wanted some of his music, and then I started looking through his photos. Like I told you when we met the first time: he put his dick in just about anything still breathing. We had a fight. He left.”
“But you said he kept texting you.”
In answer, Nico pulled out his phone, tapped the screen and few times, and then slid it to Hazard. “You saw some of these on Monday, right?”
With a nod, Hazard scanned the texts. He had seen the messages that Chendo had sent over the weekend: humiliating, vicious texts mocking Nico, detailing his personal and sexual inadequacies, and making a point of how happy Chendo was with anyone except Nico. A hot, tight knot closed in Hazard’s throat.
Then he saw the messages that had been sent over the last two days. Unlike the weekend texts, these had a strikingly different tone: the messages were choppy, often fragmented in the middle of a sentence. The wording varied, but the general message was the same. Nico, help me. I fucked up. I think I made a really big mistake. I can’t come back. Jesus, I’m so sorry. Delete my number. You’ve got to forget you ever knew me. The last one was the most telling. If the cops come to talk to you, don’t tell them anything. I’m sorry.
“Sounds like he’s sorry.”
“Sounds like he’s scared out of his fucking mind. That doesn’t sound like Chendo, that sounds like a guy who’s trying to get the hell away from a big mistake.”
“This last one, about the cops. Did he know you reported the vandalism?”
“I have no idea. I left the townhouse on Monday and I didn’t go back. But I don’t think so.”
“Then what did he mean?”
“What I told you, about having his password.” Nico licked his lips. “I checked his phone. After he started all these weird texts. I just wanted to know where he was, if he was ok.”
“And?”
Nico took back his phone, tapped something, and passed it back. “The sound is shit. The whole thing is shit, really, but look.”
It was a video. Hazard pressed play. As Nico had said, the quality was poor: the sound hissed with background noise, barely audible over the restaurant’s hum and clatter, and the video was grainy. It began at a strange angle, and Hazard realized that the phone being held in someone’s hand. A man’s voice was saying, “You think you can threaten me? You think you can—hey!”
“That’s Chendo,” Nico said. His face was pale under his dark tan, and his eyes looked strangely hollowed.
On the video, a struggle had begun. After Chendo’s first words and his shout of surprise, no one spoke. There was only furious labored breathing—the sounds of two people engaged in a silent, vicious struggle. The camera whipped and flailed, and then it went still. The phone had fallen, Hazard realized, and the camera was buried in what looked like grass. Someone made a high-pitched whimper, and then all noise cut off. A moment later, the camera shifted, catching a wide angle of grass and darkness and what might have been a streetlight, and then the recording cut off.
“Holy fuck, right?” Nico said.
“When is that video from?”
“It was uploaded Monday night.”
Hazard thought through what he knew. “So, on Friday night you and Chendo have a fight. He leaves. Why?”
“Because we had a fight.”
“No, why does he leave and not you? It’s his place, right?”
Red infused Nico’s cheeks. “He told me he was going to find somebody. Somebody who could take care of him.”
“That sounds like the insults in the texts, but it also sounds like the truth. He goes out to find a guy.” Hazard hesitated. “Did Chendo ever make risky decisions about partners?”
“You mean, like protection? Stuff like that? God, I hadn’t even thought about it.”
“Well, there is that, but I meant the people he chose.”
“Oh. Like, bad boys?”
“I mean genuinely dangerous men that Chendo approached under risky conditions. Truck stops, Craigslist meetups, like that.”
“I don’t think so. Why?”
“Back in September, Chendo called the police and said someone was trying to kill him. When the officers arrived, he described a bald man with a swastika tattoo. Chendo said that the man had asked for oral sex and that he had agreed, but when they had gone somewhere more private—a back alley with no lights or cameras—the man threatened him and then left.”
“That fucking prick. He was a total whore, do you realize that?”
“That’s not really the issue.”
“No, it’s exactly the issue. All those nights I was studying, all those nights I had to write a paper or work on my thesis, he was out screwing his way through Wahredua’s gutters.”
“You think this was a pattern, then?”
“Of course it was a pattern,” Nico snapped, loud enough to draw the attention of people at the table next to them. Nico gave a chagrined smile, waved, and after a moment they went back to their dinner. At that moment the waiter arrived with their food, but Nico didn’t even look at the plate. The smell of garlic and cheese and fried meat filled Hazard’s nose, and his stomach grumbled again, but he didn’t dare risk eating, not when he was finally getting information out of Nico.
As soon as the waiter had left, Nico said again, “Of course it was a pattern. And what you’re trying to get at, even though you haven’t said it outright yet, is that you think that’s what happened: Chendo picked up some closet case, and then the guy freaked out. They struggled, and—”
Hazard could fill in the rest of the story himself; it wasn’t really that uncommon. Guys who had considered themselves straight their whole lives, guys who might even legitimately believe, in some twist of mental acrobatics, that they really were straight, cruised gay bars and gay scenes, picking up guys for easy, anonymous sex. And sometimes, those encounters didn’t go well. Sometimes the guy freaked out. Chendo and his hook-up had gone to a park for a quick bang; something had happened—Chendo had pressed too hard, or the sex had been particularly good, or particularly bad, or a million other things—and the straight guy had flipped and started a fight.
“And you think Chendo killed the guy,” Nico said, as though finishing Hazard’s train of thought.
“It sounds like that’s what you think.”
“You don’t? You saw that video. You . . . you heard that sound at the end. And you just told me that story about Chendo at the bar. What if it was the same thing? What if he picked up some white supremacist, a real closet-case, who wanted sex but then got violent. And Chendo was just defending himself.”
“I think we shouldn’t jump to any conclusions.” But Hazard was thinking of the fire at the trailer: Lady Mabbe had seen two men with swastika tattoos. Chendo had talked about a bald man with a swastika tattoo. And a bald man with a swastika tattoo was missing.
“Friday night Chendo leaves,” Nico said, as though working out the timeline from scratch again. “He has a fun weekend. He’s texting me all about it, all the guys he’s messing around with, he’s happy he’s finally done with me. Then—then he makes a mistake on Monday night. That’s when the video gets uploaded, that’s when the texts change. Something terrible happens Monday night, and Chendo is freaking out. He knows he’s in deep trouble. He knows he has to run. He doesn’t want me to talk to the cops.” Nico rubbed at his eyes, and his fingers came away wet. “This is such a fucking mess. Why is he such an idiot?”
“Like I said, let’s not jump to conclusions. I’d like to talk to my partner about this. If I could keep your phone for a few days.”
Nico took back his cell, swiped at it for a few minutes, and then held it, screen out, to Hazard. Hazard was surprised to see a map on the screen. A map, he realized, that was covered with a trail of red pins. And that had a red pin moving slowly across it.
“What’s this?”
“This is everywhere Chendo’s phone has been since Monday.” Nico gave a wet, unhappy laugh. “Modern technology fucks us again, right?”
With one hand, Hazard accepted the phone, and with the other, he scrolled across the map. He re-centered the map on Wahredua, where the trail of red pins began, and then he zoomed in.
And there it was, as clear as day. It even had a time stamp for 11:27pm on Monday, October 24. The cross streets were Villanova and Brigade. The same cross streets where, on October 24, an abandoned trailer had burned to the ground with Charles Armistead’s body still inside.

Chapter 28
October 26
Wednesday
7:45pm

Hazard threw cash on the table and hurried out of Trattoria Mariangela. Nico followed on his heels. Outside, the night air was swampy, dampening the cotton of Hazard’s shirt and making his tie tight as a noose. Already he could feel sweat dampening his jacket under his arms.
“I’m going to hold onto this,” Hazard said, waving the phone. “Thank you, I’ll be in touch.” He trotted towards his car.
But Nico kept following. “You know something. What?”
“Listen, I really appreciate what you told me. But I need to—”
“I know, talk to your partner. That’s fine.” Nico jumped around to the passenger side of Hazard’s car and yanked on the locked door. “I’ll go with you. Open up.”
“No. I’m sorry, but no.”
“Then you can’t have my phone.”
“What?”
“That’s my phone. You can’t have it unless you let me go with you. I can fill you in on Chendo. I know where he’s going. I can help you, talk to him, maybe get him to come back.”
Hazard hesitated. That made things a hell of a lot more difficult. If someone gave him their phone, he could use the information on it. If the phone wasn’t surrendered willingly, though, then there could be hell to pay unless Hazard went through the process of obtaining a warrant—which he might or might not be able to get. And by then, Chendo could have ditched his cell phone or destroyed key evidence or even hurt someone again.
“This is evidence,” Hazard said. “Evidence that I need. I’m asking you to let me use your phone.” 
“Sure. As long as I get to come along.”
“This isn’t a ride-along program. You can’t—”
“I’m telling you, there’s more that you need to know. I’ll let you have the phone. I’ll tell you the rest of it. Let me go with you so I can talk to you and your partner.”
Hazard grimaced and punched the unlock button. “You can come talk to us. After you talk, you go home. I keep the phone.”
“Yeah, fine, whatever.” Nico swung his lanky frame into the car, and the smell of his cologne—musky, smoky, cranking up Hazard’s pulse—filled the air. With a crooked smile, Nico added, “And just so you know, for the future, there are easier ways to get a guy’s phone number than taking his phone and claiming it’s evidence.”
A growl was building in Hazard’s throat as he pulled away from the curb; he was starting to think he’d made a mistake.
As Hazard drove across town, he pulled out his own phone and dialed Somers. When Somers answered, the thudding beat of club music filled the background of the call.
“Hazard? What’s up?”
“You still at the club?”
“Yeah. What’s going on?”
“Stay there. We need to talk.”
“All right.”
“Somers.”
“Yeah?”
“I need you thinking straight.”
From the other end of the line came a laugh. “That’s not really SOP here, Haz—”
Hazard cut the call.
“Where is he?” Nico asked.
“The Pretty Pretty.”
“Huh,” Nico said. Hazard threw Nico a glance, and Nico shrugged. “That doesn’t really seem like his scene.”
“It’s not.”
“He’s asking for information.”
“He’s making an ass of himself, I imagine.”
With that, Hazard ended the conversation and drove. Wahredua wasn’t large, and in ten minutes he was parking at the northeast edge of town. The MP lines cut a swath through this corner of Wahredua; fifty years ago, rail traffic had employed hundreds of people in a variety of related services. As shipping shifted to highways, though, and passengers took to the skies, fewer and fewer trains came through Warhedua. Now the part of town that had once hustled to keep up with demand for cold drinks and soft beds, fresh water and a convenient place to dump sewage, and a million other things besides, was quiet, and dusty, and the railway shone in the dying light of day with the gleam of old scar tissue.
Nico followed him down the block, not speaking, for which Hazard was grateful. It was going to be hard enough dealing with Somers—and his jokes—without Nico making things worse by prying into the investigation. Hazard hoped Nico was telling the truth and that he still had valuable information, but even if that were a lie, letting Nico tag along was a small price in exchange for the information on his cellphone.
The Pretty Pretty stood at the corner of the next block. From the outside, it was a gussied-up industrial skeleton: concrete pitted and stained with rust, panels of stainless steel bolted above the doors like a marquee, and neon pink letters that flashed and buzzed the club’s name. The velvet ropes that normally formed a queue had been pushed to one side; it was a Wednesday night, not the weekend, and Hazard was grateful that the crowd would be smaller than normal. The bouncer at the door looked like every bouncer from every club Hazard had been to: a low center of gravity cue ball somewhere between thirty and fifty. He waved them through; based on his decision not to card Nico, who could have passed for an easy eighteen, Hazard figured this was not his first time.
Inside, the club was everything that the outside was not. Instead of the chilly, industrial practicality of the club’s front, its interior was decorated with lavish—and eclectic—abandon. Mirrors hung everywhere, causing a disorienting blur of reality and reflection and making the club seem more crowded than it was. Huge clusters of crystal had been worked into the walls, around the doors and mirrors and tables, and the crystals glowed from within with LED lights that cycled through pastel shades. The space was enormous, and a thousand different colognes and body-sprays had stained the air, giving the place a permanent mixture of sweat and the scents people used to cover it up. At eight o’clock, dance music was blasting, and a good number of men and women occupied the dance floor, some of them grinding hard, some of them looking bored, and some of them swimming like sharks.
The chum in the water, Hazard knew, was John-Henry Somerset. Hazard’s eyes picked him out immediately; there had to be at least fifty other people in the club, but it was like someone had shut off everything except a spotlight hammering down on Somers. He sat with his back to the bar, a mixed drink in one hand. A crowd of gay boys pressed towards him, calling out to him, shouting questions, laughing at his answers, and generally making it clear that Somers did not have to go home alone tonight—or ever—if he so chose. Somers, for his part, looked like he was having the time of his life.
“Yeah,” Nico said, “he’s definitely making an ass of himself.”
Hazard fought the urge to tell him to shut up.
As Hazard and Nico crossed the room, men and women waved at Nico, and a few called out greetings. Their eyes bored into Hazard, and he knew the rumors had already started. It would have been one thing for Hazard to come to the Pretty Pretty and collect Somers—rumors, sure, but they were partners and they had a reason to be here. Showing up here with Nico, on the other hand—and after dinner at a nice Italian restaurant—guaranteed that everyone was going to start talking.
“I’m getting a lot of thumbs-up over here,” Nico said.
This time, Hazard didn’t bother to fight the urge. “Shut up.”
Nico just laughed.
“Excuse me,” Hazard said as he reached the edge of Somers’s crowded admirers. He didn’t wait for the men to move, but instead, he shoved through them, eliciting shocked cries and mock gasps of pain. Behind him, he heard Nico whispering explanations and apologies, calling most of the men by name, trying to smooth ruffled feathers.
“Hazard,” Somers said, holding up his drink and grinning. “You got here just in time. We’re playing marry, fuck, kill.”
“And Detective Somerset,” said one pouty, long-haired diva, throwing Hazard a death look, “was just about to take his turn.”
“Let Detective Hazard have a chance,” Somers said, slinging an arm around Hazard’s shoulder and pulling him down to the stool next to him. “He’s going to have better answers.”
The pouty diva pouted even more—and looked like he’d be willing to kill Hazard if it gave him a shot at Somers—but the rest of the crowd cheered and laughed.
“Fine,” the diva said, planting hands on hips. “Marry, fuck, kill. Christian Bale, Chris Hemsworth, and . . .” The diva’s pouty lips tightened into a nasty smile. “Detective Somerset.”
Somers roared with laughter, squeezing his arm around Hazard’s shoulder and almost dragging him off the stool. “Come on, Em,” Somers said. “Who’s it going to be?”
Em. The nickname buzzed inside Hazard’s head. Jesus Christ, had Somers just called him that in front of strangers—strangers who were staring at the two of them, to put it crudely, like a wet dream come to life. The music, pounding so hard that it had crawled inside Hazard’s head, made it hard to think. Pressed up against Somers’s chest, Hazard could smell his sweat and the musk of cologne. Hazard flung off Somers’s arm and got to his feet.
“We’re here to ask some questions,” Hazard said. “Not to play games.”
Somers made a disappointed noise. “Em, come on—”
“Unless you have relevant information about the hate crimes that have been occurring in Wahredua, please move along and enjoy your evenings.”
Disappointed—and artificially tan—faces stared back at him.
“Now, please,” Hazard said, clapping his hands for emphasis. The crack seemed to have its effect; the men, throwing glances at each other in a mixture of what looked like frustration and irritation, began to separate. Hazard could hear several of them muttering under their breath.
“This is the new cop? The one who’s supposed to be gay?”
“What a ball-buster.”
“He looks mean. Maybe Roger would like him.”
“No, thank you. Give me that other one anytime, though.”
“Why is Nico with him? Do you think he—”
Hazard scanned the crowd, his face fixed, meeting hostile gazes, until the men had dispersed. Nico lingered, his face revealing efforts to conceal embarrassment and something else, maybe anger. Somers’s expression was neutral, but he pounded back the rest of his drink. As Hazard watched him drink, he thought about what Mikey had told him: that Somers had been there when they tortured Jeff. That Somers had been part of it. Somers had known, all this time, and he’d never said anything. Somers had fucking known.
“That’s one way to make an entrance,” Somers said, settling his glass down with a rattle. “Those guys—”
“What? Besides buying you drinks and smiling at you and telling you how handsome and smart and funny you are, what? Did they tell you anything about the attacks? Did they say that they’d seen Fukuma or Chendo or someone from the Volunteers? Let’s hear it, Somers. What did you get out of them except another chance to cocktease?”
“I was just talking to them,” Somers said. “It was no big deal, Em—”
“Jesus, stop calling me that.”
Somers flinched. He got to his feet slowly, and then he threw a crooked glance at Nico. “Give us a minute, would you?”
“No,” Hazard said. 
“I want to talk to you.”
“Then let’s talk. He’s here because of this fucking case, so let’s talk about that.”
“Maybe we should talk somewhere else,” Nico said, breaking in. He tilted his head, and Hazard noticed the clusters of people watching them. He wanted to swear, but he swallowed the words and managed to nod.
“Manager was letting me use his office to talk earlier,” Somers said, his voice still taut with anger. “We can use it again.”
He led the way down a cramped, utilitarian hallway and rapped on a door marked Manager. Bradley Sherrill, who looked like he probably doubled as a personal trainer, grinned and smiled and nodded to everything Somers said before letting them use the small office. The air tasted like old cigarettes, and the walls were covered with framed photographs of different events at the Pretty Pretty. Somers, to Hazard’s surprise, took the chair behind the desk, and Hazard and Nico dropped into the remaining seats.
“Well? What’s going on? Why’d you show up here and chew my ass?”
Because, Hazard wanted to say, you helped kill Jeff Langham. Instead, though, he said to Nico, “Tell him.”
So Nico told Somers about the mysterious change in Chendo’s texts, and he showed the video and the map that tracked the phone. When Nico had finished, Somers watched the video again and then a third time. He tried passing the phone to Nico, but Hazard snatched it and pocketed it first.
“Evidence,” he said.
“So you think Chendo killed Armistead?” Somers said. Then he glanced at Nico. “Maybe we should talk about this alone.”
“Ask him whatever you need to ask him,” Hazard said. “Then we’ll talk.”
Somers looked ready to argue, but then he shook his head. “All right. I talked to some of the boys here, and they told me they never saw Chendo with a bald guy.”
“He hooked up with him outside,” Hazard said, “in an alley—”
“I asked about that. It’s a lie.”
“What?”
“People knew who Chendo was. He made a pretty public figure, isn’t that right?”
Nico was nodding. “Not just in the club. He did some activism work up on campus for a professor. Oh, you know her—Fukuma, you mentioned her earlier. Anyway, after he did that, he started acting like he was the biggest deal in gay rights since Milk. A lot of people didn’t like that attitude, but Chendo always makes sure of one thing: everyone knows who he is.”
“Well, there you go,” Somers said, rocking back in his seat. “People remember that night—it was a big deal, the police showing up, Chendo claiming someone had threatened to kill him. People remember that night. But nobody remembers a bald guy with a swastika tattoo. And nobody remembers Chendo leaving the club and heading to a back alley.”
“So they missed something. Or their memories are poor; that’s a problem with eyewitnesses—”
“But they do remember,” Somers said, speaking over Hazard, “that Chendo Cervantes had a big fight with someone inside the club.”
“What?” Nico said. “Who?”
“A guy wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses. Yes, even inside the club. Yes, even at night. They were together that whole night, tucked away in one of those booths at the back. All over each other—sorry,” he added to Nico, “but that might be important.”
“Oh, it’s definitely important,” Nico said, his features tight. “The guy with the baseball cap, does he have a name?”
“That’s what I wanted to ask you. Do you have any idea who that could have been?”
Nico shook his head.
“Do you know the identity of anyone else that Chendo might have been involved with?”
Another negative.
Hazard said, “Bald men can wear baseball caps too.”
“I know,” Somers said, “but the point is that nobody saw a bald man with a swastika tattoo. One last question, Mr. Flores: Fukuma, the one you said Chendo worked for. Can you tell me more about that?”
“What?” Nico said, the anger in his expression showing that his thoughts were still directed somewhere else. “Oh. That. I don’t know, Chendo took a class from her, started volunteering. He really impressed her. That’s what he made it sound like, at least, and then things got really busy and he was always helping her with stuff.”
“Anything in particular?”
“I don’t know. Political stuff. Marches, protests, flyers.”
“He worked a lot of late nights.”
“Yeah. And you don’t have to be so subtle. I know he was fucking around a lot of those nights.”
“Thanks, Mr. Flores.”
Nico glanced at Hazard. Hazard wasn’t happy about letting Nico go—he was a buffer for Hazard’s anger at Somers—but he knew the next part of their conversation wasn’t meant for Nico. “Stick around; we might have some more questions.”
“And I need a ride home,” Nico said with a soft smile. He slipped out of the manager’s office, leaving the two detectives alone.
“You gave him a ride over here?” Somers asked. The playfulness had left his eyes, and he looked, more than anything, worried. “Want to tell me what’s going on?”
“He wouldn’t surrender the phone unless I brought him, and I didn’t know if we had the time or probable cause for a warrant.”
“Sorry about tonight. I had a drink, and the guys are pretty fun just to shoot the bull with. I’d finished my questions and I was waiting for you to get here.”
“Forget it. What do you think about Chendo?”
“I think it’s interesting.”
“But you don’t think he’s involved.”
“I didn’t say that.”
Hazard’s knuckles whitened as he clamped down on the chair. “Why don’t you say what you think, then?”
“Jesus, what got into you tonight?” When Hazard didn’t answer, Somers shook his head and said, “This stuff, what you got on Chendo, it’s good. And it looks convincing as hell.”
“His phone was at that trailer right around when the fire started.”
“That’s what I mean. And then the bizarre texts, the video of the fight, the fact that he’s on the run. All of that puts a bead on him.”
“But you want to know who the other guy was.”
“Exactly.” Somers was nodding, becoming more animated, his face lighting up with interest and eagerness. “Lady Mabbe saw two people at the trailer, both bald men, both with swastika tattoos. Either one of those could be Armistead. Probably is Armistead.”
“So who’s the other?”
Somers nodded again. “The way I see it, we’ve still got multiple possibilities: Fukuma hired someone to kill Armistead. That explains our second bald man, dressed like a Volunteer, who lures Armistead out to the trailer, kills him, and sets the fire. That does raise another question: why would Armistead go along with the act? Naomi all but confirmed that Armistead would have known the man was an impostor.”
“That’s a question we need Naomi to answer,” Hazard said. “Chendo could have been the one to kill Armistead. He sounds like he was Fukuma’s fanatic. He could shave his head, put on a henna tattoo. It might not trick Armistead, but it would fool someone from a distance.”
“Right. Another possibility, Chendo kills Armistead.”
“Ok,” Hazard said. “We know Chendo was threatened. We know about the fight that he recorded. It sure as hell sounds like somebody died at the end of that recording. In that case, our second bald man could still be Chendo. Maybe he’s playing dress up for Armistead and then things go south. But what’s with all the accelerant in the trailer? Was Chendo planning on killing him?”
“Good questions, and no answers.” Somers paused. “Our third possibility is that Armistead is alive and on the run somewhere. He killed someone, got some help from a Volunteer body, burned the body, and ran.”
“Who? Chendo?”
“Chendo claimed a bald man with a swastika tattoo threatened his life. It’s not beyond the realm of possibility.”
“So the person in that recording, the one who goes silent, that could be Chendo. But what about the texts? What about the phone’s location records?”
“Someone trying to cover his tracks?”
Hazard shook his head. “By drawing more attention to Chendo with all those weird texts? Throw the phone in the river and be done with it.”
“I’m just saying it’s a possibility.”
“All right. So we have some ways of narrowing this down. First, we could identify our victim. I asked Cravens for Armistead’s dental records today.”
“No luck.”
“What?”
“No records. None of the local dentists ever had Charles Armistead as a patient. Cravens called earlier to tell me.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me.”
Somers sighed. “I wish. We can try calling some of the dentists in Columbia, Jeff City, hell, even St. Louis and KC, but talk about a needle in the haystack.”
“Ok. So our other options are to find Chendo, find Armistead, or find the third man. The other bald man. We’ve got a good lead on Chendo—the phone. We’ve got nothing on Armistead and nothing on our third man. I say we track down Chendo and see what he can tell us.”
Somers nodded. “Something else came up tonight while I was doing interviews. About Fukuma.”
“What?”
“Two things.”
Hazard spoke, already knowing what Somers was going to say. “She was here on Monday.”
With a hard smile, Somers nodded. “Bingo. Several people ID’d her as being in the Pretty Pretty on Monday night.”
“The same night she told us she was still in Manhattan at her convention.”
“The club has security cameras on the outside, and they run on a week loop. We can get a warrant and see if she shows up on any of them, but I think we should go ahead and pull her in tonight.”
“What was the second thing?”
“Remember her eyewitnesses? The ones she said told her that Armistead had assaulted them, but they wouldn’t tell the police. Guess who those two ladies are.”
Realization clicked. “You’re joking.”
“Nope. Fukuma is the eyewitness. And her girlfriend—ex-girlfriend, I should say. A couple of the guys saw it all happen. It was a Saturday night, and the line for the club was long. Fukuma and her girlfriend were waiting. Armistead showed up, drunk and looking for a fight. He decided to pick on two women, which tells you that he was an equal-opportunity piece of shit.” Somers stopped here, his eyes bright with something he was keeping back.
“Well,” I said. “Out with it.”
“That night, the assault, it didn’t end with two women getting beaten up. It ended with Fukuma pulling a gun, chasing Armistead for two blocks, and screaming that she was going to hunt him down and kill him.”
“Guess she neglected to tell us that part of the story.” Hazard grimaced and got to his feet. “Let’s bring her in and see what she has to say.”

Chapter 29
October 26
Wednesday
9:30pm

It was late, and the station had a brilliant kind of emptiness: the fluorescent lights shivering against the blond wood and the worn linoleum, the copiers and fax machines silent, and only the smell of burnt coffee to remind Hazard of what the building was like during the day. It was different, in that way, from St. Louis; in St. Louis, the department had been so big that the building had never emptied and grown quiet. There was something strange about being inside the old school building at this hour; Hazard thought uncomfortably of the angel on the station’s facade, the angel who was trying to spear the devil, and the devil having one hell of a laugh about it. Hazard wasn’t a superstitious man, but right then, Hazard wondered if it was a sign.
For the last five minutes, Hazard and Somers had stood outside the interview room where Fukuma sat, waiting for her lawyer. In his hands, Hazard held the incident report for Armistead’s assault on the two women. They had missed it earlier because neither woman was named in the report.
“Jesus, didn’t you and Upchurch ask any questions?” Hazard said, slapping the folder into Somers’s chest. “A third-grader could have dug up more information.”
Somers flushed, caught the folder and flipped through it. “Nobody would talk. Nobody would say anything. Upchurch was supposed to follow up with one girl who promised she had something for us, but—” Somers scanned the file again. “Yeah, see. He called her, and she changed her story.”
Hazard snorted. There was shoddy police work, and there was shitty police work. This felt like the latter. Before he had to say anything, though, a balding man with a neatly combed gray fringe hustled down the hallway. He wore a suit that looked expensive and shoes that probably cost more than just buying your own cow. His name was Pope, and after a few questions, he accompanied them into the interview room.
“Ms. Fukuma,” Hazard began. “I want to let you know that our conversation is being recorded and I want to make sure, with your attorney here, that you understand your rights.”
Pope leaned towards Fukuma, but she waved him away. She looked particularly fierce tonight, with her short, dark hair spiked up, and she was wearing a t-shirt and jeans that would have fit in with any biker crowd: lots of painful-looking studs and chains. “What the hell is this? I already talked to you, and now you drag me in here in the middle of the night. This is harassment. And profiling. I’m going to have your badges, and then I’ll have your asses in civil—”
“Dr. Fukuma, I should tell you—” Pope was vainly trying to say.
“You lied to us, Dr. Fukuma,” Somers said, slouching into a chair at the interview table. The room was small, with gray carpet and gray walls, and Somers’s natural magnetism seemed amplified in that cramped space like he was on fire with life and energy. In this case, angry life and energy. “Obstruction of justice.”
“That’s a felony,” Hazard put in, “if you’re concealing a felony crime.”
“Dr. Fukuma,” Pope tried again.
Fukuma ignored him. Her claws clutched at the table, and she coiled in her seat like she was ready to jump across the table and take out Somers’s eyes. “You’re all the same, cops. You’re all bullies, little men swinging little dicks, desperate to show that you’re not afraid of the enormous, existential vacuum of the vagina, desperate to pass off the lie that you don’t want to lie down, spread your legs, and be bred like dogs.”
“Wow,” Somers muttered. “Powerful imagery.”
“I’ve known men like you my whole life. I’m not going to be your victim. I’m not going to play the martyr. I’m not—”
“We have you on the Pretty Pretty’s security camera. On Monday night, Dr. Fukuma. That’s the same night you told us you were in Manhattan, KS. The same night that a man was killed and left to burn in an abandoned trailer.”
Fukuma fingers tightened so hard on the table’s edge that her knuckles cracked.
“Unless you’re going to charge my client,” Pope said. “I think—”
“You’re working for them. For those inbred hillbillies.” Fukuma seemed barely able to work her jaw; the words came out in broken chunks. “You think you’re better than them. You think you’re better than all of us. But you’re not, you’re just another tool in their machine. You’re a tool, and right here, sitting next to you, is your pet dog you keep on a leash to play fetch and roll over whenever you need him to.”
Hazard didn’t respond. He could feel Somers’s eyes, he imagined he could feel Somers’s surprise, but he didn’t care. Was Fukuma right? Here Hazard was, sitting next to the man who had been part of the torture that had driven Jeff to kill himself. And what had Hazard done about it? Nothing. All those sleepless nights, all those times he had found himself standing at the edge of a precipice, staring into blackness, thinking about the time he would have a chance to come back—and here he was, not doing a fuck about any of it. So maybe Fukuma was right. Maybe Hazard was a sell-out, maybe he was nothing more than a toy, a necessary PC evil for the Warhedua department. His head dropped, and his big hands folded together. Tension knotted the line of his shoulders.
“Can you tell us about September 15th?” Somers said.
Fukuma froze.
“I’m recommending, Dr. Fukuma, that we end this conversation right now.” Pope stretched out a hand and then hesitated, obviously unwilling to risk angering Fukuma by touching her. He settled for waving at the door. “Right now, as legal counsel—”
“What is Miss—” Somers pretended to scan his notes. “Miss Hogan, what is she going to tell us about September 15th?”
“That bitch,” Fukuma hissed, “knows better than to flap her mouth.”
“All right, I think that’s enough.” Pope got to his feet. “Dr. Fukuma, if you won’t take my advice and end this conversation—and Detectives, if you’re not prepared to charge my client—”
“Get out,” Fukuma said, not bothering to look at Pope. “Now. Go.”
“Dr. Fukuma, I—”
“Now.”
Pope didn’t quite scurry on his way out of the room, but it was close. Hazard took another glance at their suspect. Fukuma seemed to coil in tighter on herself, compressing her tiny frame into the chair. It wasn’t a defensive movement, Hazard realized. It was the way big cats got ready for the kill.
“Before you say anything else,” Somers said, “I’ll tell you that we’ve already spoken to several people who witnessed your altercation with Charles Armistead at the Pretty Pretty on the night of September 15th. They identified Armistead’s photograph and shared details of a consistent story. Miss Hogan will confirm those details—” That was a bit of a stretch, Hazard thought; they hadn’t even tracked down Natalie Hogan, let alone learned if she would corroborate the story from the Pretty Pretty. “And,” Somers continued, “we also have you lying about your whereabouts on Monday night. If you want things to go well, now’s the time to stop telling lies and start telling the truth.”
Something in what Somers had said, something about the way he had said it, triggered a spark in Hazard’s mind. Fukuma was speaking again, shouting now, trying to shred Somers with her words, but Hazard barely heard her; he was too caught up in his own chain of thoughts. Yes, Fukuma had lied about her whereabouts on Monday. She had lied about the eyewitnesses, too, and her involvement with Armistead. What was the sequence of events? July 4, at a Volunteers’ march, Armistead and Fukuma get into a physical altercation. September 3—September, almost two months later—Chendo Cervantes gets into a fight with a bald man with a swastika tattoo. September 15, Fukuma pulls a gun on Armistead and threatens to kill him. And then nothing again until October 24, when Fukuma drives back early from her convention and, that same night, someone is killed. Maybe Charles Armistead. Probably Charles Armistead.
But that wasn’t it. Frustration built inside Hazard. He was missing something. A part of him was still listening to Somers’s back and forth with Fukuma, but Hazard was still too deep in his thoughts to care. It was something about the alibi. Something that had stuck in Hazard’s mind and that was nagging at him. What had the woman at the convention said when Hazard called? They had been honored to have Dr. Fukuma. A leading scholar, a real revolutionary, a brilliant mind. Such a tragedy—
Such a tragedy. But that woman hadn’t been talking about the assaults at the Pretty Pretty. She’d been talking about the Molotov cocktail thrown at Fukuma’s house. September 18. Three days after Fukuma’s encounter with Armistead at the Pretty Pretty. Someone had thrown a Molotov cocktail thrown at Fukuma’s house. It didn’t do hardly any damage. Fukuma had been lucky. And lucky in more ways than one; she had taken the opportunity, used the attention from the Molotov cocktail to bolster her platform, and that’s why the convention had noticed her, extended an invitation to speak—
Hazard must have made a noise because Somers glanced over at him. Fukuma was still ranting. “Yes,” she was saying. “Yes, yes, yes. I pulled a gun on that mother-fucking bastard. Yes, I did it. I should have shot him right then. He’s the one that tried to kill me. He’s the one that threw a bomb at my house. A coward’s weapon used in a coward’s way. He would have killed me in my sleep—”
“No,” Hazard said. He kept his voice soft and low. He’d found that his size made people expect him to boom something out, and when he defied those expectations, it seemed, somehow, to be even more effective. And it seemed to hold true again: Fukuma’s mouth clapped shut, and she stared at him.
“No,” Hazard said again. “Charles Armistead didn’t throw a Molotov cocktail at your house. You did.”
He saw the truth of it immediately in her startled eyes, in the way her gaze jerked guiltily away, in the sudden flex of her hands on the tabletop. Somers must have seen it too, but there was shock in his eyes as well. He faltered, his attention moving from Hazard to Fukuma.
Hazard continued, “That’s another lie. And a very serious one.”
“You don’t have any proof. There’s no—”
“See, you talk the talk,” Hazard said, his deep, quiet voice cutting through Fukuma’s words. “That’s what tricked me. You’re very, very good at it. All those words. And the tone, the anger, the violence. You’re almost the real thing. But deep down, you’re not an activist. You don’t care about the cause. You care about power.” He felt his lips part in a hard, fierce smile. “You’re a politician. And like all politicians, for you, reality isn’t about the truth. It’s not about facts. It’s about appearances. That’s why you chased Charles Armistead with a gun. Not because you would have killed him—you’re not stupid enough for that. But because it fit your image. You had to show everyone at the Pretty Pretty that you were what you always claimed to be.
“And then you got greedy. Wahredua was suffering a string of homophobic assaults and vandalism, and it was giving you more traction, more power, more political capital. Capital you could use to put pressure on the mayor, the police force, the college. But that wasn’t enough. You wanted to move it to the national stage. So you built a Molotov cocktail that you knew would be defective, and you threw it at your own house in the middle of the night. No witnesses. No one to say that it was anything but luck that saved your life. When people heard that story, you became—what do they call it? A cause célèbre. The castration convention, which didn’t have a place for you when you applied, suddenly found an opening. You were on your way to radical greatness.”
Fukuma had gone ashen. She licked her lips, and her features showed an effort to regain her previous posture of white-hot rage at the world’s injustice. “Pathetic. That’s what this is. Another attempt by the male establishment to marginalize—”
“No, we’re done with that. You’re right. We might not be able to prove that you were the one who threw that bomb. But it’ll be very easy to let the idea slip, and trust me, once the press gets wind of it, they’ll do plenty of digging. Even if all they can do is point out the sequence of events, it’ll be enough to paint you as a phony, someone willing to take advantage of a series of hate crimes for her own advantage. There’s no libel if the reader draws all the conclusions.”
Fukuma teetered on her chair. Her hands still gripped the table, but now it seemed more to steady herself than as an expression of righteous fury. “What—” Her voice sounded dry and papery. “What do you want?”
“Chendo Cervantes,” Somers said, his smooth voice back in control. “What can you tell us about him?”
“What?”
“Chendo Cervantes. His given name is Rosendo, but he goes by Chendo. He worked with you, a kind of volunteer activist.”
“Yes, I know who he is.” Fukuma paused, her eyes flitting between the two of them. Hazard could practically see the wheels turning as she tried to figure out what she wanted to say. “Chendo is a very passionate young man.”
“What does that mean?” Somers asked.
“He’s full of fire at the world’s injustice. At the injustice done to members of the LGBT community, both by those outside and those inside.”
“Those inside?”
This time, there was no mistaking Fukuma’s gaze: she stared at Hazard, and he knew that’s what it would look like if she ever got close enough to put a knife in him. “People within the community who provoke self-hate. So-called straight-acting people, for example, who identify in a way that marginalizes members of the LGBT community and reinforces gender stereotypes.”
“You’re talking about guys who are still in the closet?”
“Or openly gay men and women who play ‘straight’ roles.”
Hazard snorted, but when Somers looked at him, Hazard shook his head.
“So Chendo had a real problem with those people?” Somers asked.
Fukuma bared her teeth in a grimace. “We all should have a real problem with those people. They’re worse, in their own way, than straight people because they undermine efforts to improve gay rights.”
“And where does Chendo Cervantes fit into this?”
“Chendo liked finding men like this. Big, tough guys. Like your partner.” Fukuma’s eyes flashed in her pale face again, and a chill ran up Hazard’s spine. “He enjoyed teasing them, drawing out the desire they worked so hard to suppress, showing them that they would drool and beg like bitches once the bedroom door was shut.”
Somers’s eyes showed cool calculation, and he gave Hazard a questioning glance. Hazard nodded.
“Can you describe any of the men that Chendo was with?”
Fukuma shook her head. “I never saw them together. He would just tell me about them.” A spasm of something like fear—or maybe, Hazard thought, genuine anger—closed her face for a moment, and then she spoke again. “If I tell you the rest, I expect that you’ll drop the matter of the attack on my house.”
Somers shook his head. “You’re mistaken, Dr. Fukuma. We don’t make deals. You’d better go ahead and tell us everything you know. For your own sake, because you’re a good citizen.”
With a short, sharp bark of laughter, Fukuma fanned her hands. “Two big men with the dyke over the barrel. All right.” She fumbled in her pockets and produced a cell phone. “Last weekend, Chendo started texting me. He wanted to tell me all about his latest conquest.” She turned the phone towards them, and on the screen was a picture showing a blue swastika tattoo—it looked like it was on an arm, but the picture was taken so close that it was hard to tell. The lighting in the picture was off, too, and the tattoo looked much darker than others Hazard had seen. Beneath the picture, Chendo had sent a text that said, The bigger they are, the harder they fall. Can’t wait to give you the details on this one—you won’t believe me. XOXO.
“So Chendo had done this more than once,” Somers said, angling the photo so Hazard could see.
“Oh yeah,” Fukuma said. “This was the game he liked the most. And it was more than a game. It was sexual political warfare.”
“Christ,” Hazard said under his breath. “Just shoot me.”
If Fukuma heard him, she didn’t acknowledge his words. “Chendo had been telling me about this one for weeks. His pet project. A ‘straight,’” she drew scare quotes in the air, “guy who was so hooked on Chendo that he was going to come out for him.”
“He was a Volunteer?” Somers asked.
“You saw the tattoo.”
“Did he give you a name?”
Fukuma shook her head.
“Anything else we can go on?”
“How about this?” Hazard said, glancing at a text message only partially visible on the phone’s screen. He snatched the phone and scrolled up. “‘He’s going to leave the bitch.’” Hazard looked at Fukuma. “The guy was married?”
“I don’t know. Married, partnered, living in sin. Listen, that’s all I can tell you. If you want, I can give you the name of the girl I was with on Monday night, after I left the Pretty Pretty. I didn’t have anything to do with that fire or with the . . . with the murder.”
Hazard ignored her. He thumbed down the screen on Fukuma’s phone until he reached the end of their messaging. His breath condensed inside his chest, vibrating with energy as he read the final text. After reading the message again, Hazard flipped the phone towards Somers, who grunted. You were right, the text said. There are no peaceful ends to power. I’ll make you proud tonight. It had been sent on Monday, October 24, at 10:59pm.

Chapter 30
October 27
Thursday
7:58am

Somers arrived at Newton Mortuary with a hangover hammering on the back of his head. He had downed a full cup of coffee already, and he was eying the cup he had bought for Hazard. If his partner didn’t get there soon, he was going to miss out.
The interview with Fukuma had wrapped up without any further revelations, and the professor had gone home looking drained and defeated. It was hard for Somers to feel sorry for her; beyond her hostility, the woman had lied to them and had manipulated a horrible situation to her own advantage.
But she had, Somers admitted, given them information that changed the case. It had been one thing to assume, based on Nico Flores’s statements, that Chendo had picked up a violent, sexually repressed man and had gotten into a fatal conflict with him. It was another thing entirely to know that Chendo had made a habit of picking up straight-acting guys, humiliating them, and—to judge from the final text—in the last case, killing one as a form of revenge and some twisted sense of justice.
The sun pounded through the Impala, heating the car to an intolerable temperature even at this early hour. Still no sign of Hazard. Somers kicked open his door, breathed in a fresh wave of hot asphalt, and grabbed the second cup of coffee. By the time he had reached the mortuary’s doors, sweat prickled on his forehead, and he thought he could smell the cheap booze leaking out of him.
After the interview, Hazard had gone home with hardly a word spoken. He was still angry, Somers assumed, about how Somers had handled the interviews at the Pretty Pretty. And that fact made Somers angry in turn. What right did Hazard have to be so prickly about everything? Somers had done a good job with the interviews. He had gotten key information about Fukuma—information that had led them towards Chendo Cervantes and the possibility of closing what had quickly become the strangest case in Somers’s career. But it didn’t matter—the minute Hazard had walked into the club, he had been angry with Somers. Almost as if he had been—
—jealous—
—looking for a fight. Somers couldn’t really blame last night’s drinking on Hazard—he wasn’t going to lie to himself—but the strange tension with his partner certainly had added an extra edge to take off. Somers sucked in a deep breath and shook off the lingering irritation from last night; today was a fresh day. A fresh start for everybody. Somers took a long sip from the second cup. Fresh start or no fresh start, Hazard still wasn’t here, and that meant he wasn’t getting any coffee.
After another fifteen minutes with nothing but the whine of an ill-used lawnmower for company, Somers stepped into the mortuary and made his way towards the ME’s office at the back. He punched in the code and stepped into Dr. Kamp’s private world. Little had changed since Somers’s last visit. The steel drawers showed grubby smears of handprints; the octagonal black-and-white tiles were more gray and grime than white; the turquoise-enameled autopsy table slumped wearily against one wall. The only difference was that Dr. Kamp was gone—either home or, more likely, on one of his semi-sober runs to restock his supply of hootch. Somers let out a sigh; he had been hoping to catch the doctor in between his thunderstorms of drinking, but it looked like he wasn’t going to be that lucky.
Somers considered the metal drawers for a moment and then turned towards Kamp’s desks. If there were any clues contained by the bones, Somers wasn’t going to be the one who found them. Hazard had already proved that he had more self-taught forensics than Somers, and if he hadn’t seen something on their first visit, there probably wasn’t anything to see. Instead, Somers dropped in Kamp’s chair and rifled the papers on the desk. Many of them were outdated cases—severely outdated, Somers though, as he gingerly set aside a stack of yellowing folders from the 1950s. Others were more recent, although that could mean anything as early as 1980. Dore County didn’t have that many suspicious deaths, and most of Kamp’s work had been a formality.
Under a teetering pile of bottles, Somers spotted a John Doe folder. He worked the folder loose, ignoring the clatter of glass, and spread it open on the desk. It looked like Kamp had sobered up long enough to do a small amount of work. Some basic information had been filled in: male, age estimated between late twenties and early forties, and for race Kamp had written Caucasian lightly in pencil and underlined it once. That, essentially, was the sum of the report. Then Somers noticed Kamp’s writing at the bottom of the page in the same uncertain, feathery pencil: Silver.
At that moment the door opened, and Hazard stepped into the room. No, stepped was too soft a word. Hazard crashed into the room. The door wobbled as it struck the wall. He didn’t look good, Somers realized. In fact, he looked like he hadn’t slept. For the first time since Hazard had arrived in Wahredua, his clothing was rumpled, his hair windblown, his whole persona giving off the vibe that this was a man who’d had a rough night and maybe an even rougher morning.
“Upchurch,” Hazard said, biting off the name as he stalked across the room. He held out a hand, and Somers passed him the folder.
“What do you mean, Upchurch?”
“Upchurch stopped me at the station. I’d gone in early to get Cravens’s report done—we forgot the second one yesterday, by the way, and she chewed my ass down to the bone, thanks a lot for that. At about five to eight I was getting ready to walk over here, and Upchurch showed up. Wanted to talk, he said. He wouldn’t take no for an answer. Pinned me at the desk, kept going on and on about how he wanted me to come to his fucking retirement party.” Hazard scanned the report and threw it back onto the desk. “Silver. What the hell does that mean?”
“I don’t know. What did Upchurch want to talk to you about? Just the invitation?”
“Christ, what’s his deal? Do you know?”
“What do you mean?”
Hazard shook his head. “Kept going on and on about how important it was to have a gay cop on the force, how he hoped it was a good experience, how it meant a great deal to him personally. He even got a little teary about it.”
“You think Upchurch is gay? He’s married.” Hazard threw him a look that made Somers add, “Ok, fine, that’s not final proof. But—no, I really don’t think so. He gets emotional about everything. His wife’s always cleaning out the house, dumping stuff that she thinks they don’t need anymore, and half the time Upchurch winds up crying because it was the first tacklebox his great-uncle gave him or a packet of stickers from a really good day at Silver Dollar City, stuff like that. Sentimental. He’s really sentimental. It must just be getting to him, the fact that he’s leaving.”
“It felt like he was coming on to me,” Hazard said, turning and moving towards the metal drawers. He yanked open the one that held their John Doe’s remains. The black body bag was still there, and Hazard unzipped it in a smooth, practiced motion. Somers sauntered over to join him, resting on the end of the drawer with both arms. As the bag opened, it spilled the smell of burned hair and plastic and hot metal that still clung to the bones. Somers’s stomach flipped, and the pounding in the back of his head intensified.
“What did he mean, silver? Have you seen that before?”
“No idea.”
Hazard retreated to the desk for a moment, snapped on a pair of disposable gloves, and then sifted through the bones. He examined the bottom of the bag, running his fingers through the dust and ash collected at the bottom.
“There,” Somers said, gripping Hazard’s shoulder in a flash of excitement. He pointed to a long bone where something sparkled under the fluorescent lights. “What’s that?”
“The clavicle,” Hazard said with a dismissive glance.
“No, not that bone. What’s that on it?”
Turning over the bone in his gloved hands, Hazard held the bone up to the light.
“It looks like silver,” Somers said.
Hazard grunted.
“Do you think that’s what he was talking about? That’s the silver he meant.”
“I don’t know. He’s an inveterate drunk who can’t do an important job. I’m not sure one scribbled word means something.” But in spite of his words, Hazard was studying the bone closely.
“It’s jewelry,” Somers said.
With a nod, Hazard said, “A necklace, probably. Melted in the heat of the fire—really fine links, I guess, for part of it to have stuck to the bone like this. Pretty good catch.”
“For an inveterate drunk.”
Hazard carefully replaced the bone and zipped the bag shut. “Is that all we came here to see?”
“I thought Kamp would have more for us,” Somers said.
“So we wait for him?”
Somers considered the question; a part of him thought that would be a good idea, to wait for Kamp and see if the ME could tell them anything else in person. But part of him worried that Hazard would see waiting as a waste of precious time. After how Hazard had reacted in the Pretty Pretty last night, Somers didn’t want to give his partner another reason to complain.
“Let’s see that phone. The one Nico Flores gave you.”
As Hazard pulled the phone from his pocket, Somers slid the metal drawer shut, grateful that it closed off the worst of the burned smell. Hazard passed the phone to Somers, and Somers tapped the tracking app. A map appeared showing a winding path of red pins: a trail marking everywhere Chendo Cervantes’s phone had been in the last few days.
“The stuff in town,” Hazard said, pointing a big finger at the screen, “is a mess. Overlapping, weaving back and forth, even when I filtered the data by day.”
“He was busy before he left town.”
“Really busy.” Hazard hesitated; his eyes—those amber-colored scarecrow eyes—had gone soft and unfocused.
“What?”
“Was he trying to throw Nico off his trail? Did he not want a jealous ex tracking him down? I mean, he couldn’t have made it more difficult for us if he’d tried. Even if we split and only focused on the places he’d gone in town, it might take us a couple of days to check all of them.”
“Then,” Somers said, his eyes tracing the line of red pins, “he leaves town on Monday night and goes south. To the Lake of the Ozarks. He drives straight there, stays for a few hours, and then leaves. Heads southwest towards the state border.”
“And he’s well into Oklahoma, judging by this,” Hazard said.
“I think we should check out this spot,” Somers said, pointing to the pin at the lake.
“Why?”
“It’s strange. If he wants to get away, across a state line, then he should have headed straight for the border. But he didn’t. He goes out of his way to a remote part of the county. About as remote as you can imagine, actually.”
“To hide out.”
“But then he turns around and runs again? Why?”
“He realized it wasn’t a very good hiding spot. Or he got spooked when he saw another camper. Or he just wanted to lie low for a day and get his head straight. Lots of reasons.”
Somers was shaking his head. “I don’t buy it. He went there for a reason—just for a few hours—and then left again. That doesn’t sound like a change in plans; it sounds like an intentional stop. When he’d finished whatever he needed to do, he left again.”
“What did he need to do in the middle of nowhere?”
Somers reached to clap Hazard on the shoulder. Hazard, smoothly and without changing expression, slid away before Somers could touch him.
Heaving a sigh, Somers said, “Let’s go find out.”

Chapter 31
October 27
Thursday
10:12am

The drive to the Lake of the Ozarks took Somers almost an hour and a half, and it was one of the most painful drives of his life. Hazard had, for some reason, completely shut down. He wouldn’t respond to Somers except in tight, controlled answers, and the rest of the time he spent staring straight ahead as though he were looking down a tunnel. After the tenth or twelfth failed try at conversation, Somers gave up and settled in behind the Impala’s wheel. Maybe it had been a fight with Billy; maybe that was why Hazard was acting the way he’d acted on Monday—like Somers was worse than a stranger.
Whatever the reason, there was nothing Somers could do about it, and so he waited for the aspirin to kick in and tried to enjoy the drive. As they got closer to the lake, the ground became more hilly, rolling and swelling, exposing bleached limestone bones where the road sheared along the bluffs. Instead of the checkerboard farmland that filled most of Dore County, dense woodlands paraded on either side of the road. Cottonwoods and redbuds, American elms, eastern white pines, and on and on. Everything was green, a dark, vibrant green, that contrasted with the dusty golden fields of wheat behind them.
Chendo’s trail led them to an unmarked service drive that was nothing more than two ruts worn into a weed-choked clearing. Somers eased the Impala along the path, wincing as the car rocked back and forth, its suspension vainly trying to accommodate the sudden shifts of the winding tracks. Reddish-brown dust drifted up and coated the windshield, and Somers flicked on the mister. He winced as thick red droplets clung to the Impala’s hood. It was a department car, but every time Somers felt his teeth click together, he was reminded that it was his ass on the paperwork, not Hazard’s.
After almost thirty minutes, the track gave out at the top of a swell of land. The trees thinned to a clearing that overlooked, some two hundred yards below, a stretch of slate-blue water: the lake of the Ozarks. In the middle of the clearing, three large tents—Somers would have guessed they were eight-person tents, maybe bigger—surrounded the embers of a campfire. Somers pulled the car to a stop. As he opened the door, the wet summer smells rolled in: the freshly-crushed grass under the tires, purple clover, the reddish dust they had stirred on the drive. Woodsmoke from the fire lingered. From the lake came the whine of a speedboat, and then, closer, a splash and a round of excited cries.
“Guess it’s not as isolated as it looks on a map,” Somers said.
“Maybe that’s why he didn’t stay.” Hazard was scanning the clearing as he spoke. “Hello. Is there anybody in there?” His hand went to the .38 in his shoulder holster. Somers pulled his own weapon, a Glock 22, from its holster at the small of his back. Chendo Cervantes had an accomplice: the second man, the fake Volunteer. Was he still here? Was he here with friends? 
Hazard motioned for Somers to move left, and without waiting for confirmation, Hazard swept to the right. Somers moved as quietly as he could, but he was sensible of the grass and weeds crunching underfoot, of the dew staining his trousers and chilling his legs, of the slight movements of air that sounded like train whistles in his ears, making him afraid that he would miss a crucial sound of warning.
Somers mind processed, in intermittent blips, the information he had. Twenty-four men. At most, there might be twenty-four men staying at this campsite. At a minimum, three, although that number seemed low for the size of the tents. The campfire was still smoking, so someone had been here recently. Might well still be here. So where were the cars and trucks? Where had all the vehicles gone? Adrenaline still pounded through Somers, but he felt the same steadiness that he had always felt in these situations: a kind of counterpoint to the emotional chaos that put the slightest tremor in his hands.
As Somers came around the tent on the far left, an older man wearing long johns—and nothing else—hopped out of the woods barefoot. In the act of scratching his ass, he froze when he saw Somers. Then he grinned. It was Leonard Birt.
“John-Henry, you bastard. What are you doing?”
Somers let out a breath and holstered his gun. “Hazard, you can come over here.” Hazard trotted into view, his .38 held low but still visible. After a glance at Somers and Leonard, he holstered the weapon and threw Somers a questioning look.
“Who’s this?” Bint said. “And what the hell is going on here? Can’t a man take a dump without other folk showing him any decency?”
“Detective Hazard, this is Leonard Bint, a frequent guest of the Wahredua PD for public intoxication, public urination, public nudity, and poaching.”
“And those is my good qualities,” Bint said to Hazard, punctuating the comment with a laugh that exposed two jagged, yellow front teeth.
Leonard Bint had been the first man Somers had arrested, and he was a hard man to forget: he stood barely five feet tall, and he had a cloud of curly, silvery hair. His potbelly stretched out his long johns, and his bare feet were matted with coarse gray hair. That first arrest had been for public nudity; Bint had just finished reading Benjamin Franklin’s autobiography and had elected to follow the Founding Father’s example of air baths. It had ended with Somers and Bint both falling into the Grand Rivere. Swinney had fished them out with a boat hook.
“Leonard, what are you doing up here? Do I need to call a game warden?”
Bint’s eyes showed, for a moment, a predatory calculation. Then he grinned, scratched his ass again, and sauntered past the detectives. Over his shoulder, he called, “Now, John-Henry, you’re going to give me a bad name. You know I’ve given up hunting just like I gave up drinking. They’re both sinful. Powerful sinful, you know.” He retrieved a can of Pabst Blue Ribbon from a cooler, popped the tab, and took a long drink.
“Just like he gave up drinking?” Hazard muttered.
“I think beer is more of a soft drink for Leonard,” Somers whispered back.
“Can I offer you gentlemen something in the way of refreshment?” Bint sketched a courtly bow, began to fall, and caught himself by landing face-first on a camp chair.
“This is a fucking joke,” Hazard said, not bothering to lower his voice this time. “Let’s go.”
“Give me a minute,” Somers said. He helped Bint up and settled him in the chair with a second beer in easy reach. Then Somers took a second camp chair and pulled it up alongside the old man. Bint belched, and it was such a forceful exhalation that the top two buttons of his long johns popped free. Bleary-eyed, Bint examined the damaged and then scratched the sweaty tangle of graying chest hair.
“You’re that new detective,” he finally pronounced, fixing Hazard with a look. “I remember you. Frank and Aileen’s boy.”
“I don’t remember you.”
“Oh, no. I don’t imagine you did. I had the devil in me back then. Knew your father all right. He was a good man.”
Hazard didn’t answer.
“Leonard,” Somers said, “how long have you been up here?”
“Just got here last night. The boys and I did a right honorable wiener roast. And today, breakfast like kings, only Davey forgot the eggs. Sausage, potatoes, even some of that cobbler from last night. You want anything? We still got some of that cobbler.” He rocked in the camp chair, trying to rise.
“No, no. We’re good.” Somers waved him back into the seat. “Last night? Don’t suppose you saw anything out of the ordinary? Anybody else here?”
Bint shook his head, and his long, curling gray hair drifted around his face. “Not a soul. Never been to this spot before, but it’s a good one. Off the beaten path. How’d you boys find it?”
“We had a map. You’ve never been here before? What brought you this time?”
“Oh, it was on account of a tip Davey got about these white-tailed—” Bint cut off, and his squinted eyes showed a furious attempt at thought.
“Never mind that,” Somers said. “Who gave him the tip? I’m not looking to get anyone in trouble, Leonard. You know me. I’ve always been fair, right?”
“Never thought I’d say this for a Somerset,” Bint said, his beady eyes rolling with amusement, “but you ain’t got half the stick up your ass your daddy does. Not half. Not even a quarter, if I’m being frank.”
Somers grinned. “That’s about the nicest thing anyone’s said to me. Now, we’re looking for someone who might be dangerous, Leonard, and I want to know who told you about this spot. That’s all. Right now, I’m not worried about anything else.”
Bint’s eyes showed a healthy amount of skepticism—and, Somers thought, an unhealthy amount of yellowing, most likely from all the hooch—and he didn’t answer. Before either man could speak, the sound of tires on gravel broke the silence, and a black panel van pulled up next to the Impala.
“There’s Davey now,” Bint said. “He gone to get eggs, but he’s back. You ask him yourself.”
The van’s door popped open, and a round man with lank, yellow hair stepped down. His hair wasn’t blond; Somers’s hair was blond, and he knew what blond hair looked like. This man’s hair was yellow, and it had obviously come out of a bottle, and the bottle had obviously come off a dollar-shelf at a convenience store.
“Davey, you get the eggs?”
“Yeah. Who’s these two?”
“This is John-Henry, my friend, and he’s police. That’s the new detective, the one everyone’s talking about.”
Davey’s eyes flicked over Somers without interest, but they lingered on Hazard. Somers felt a flicker of concern. He had heard some of the things people were saying about his partner, things that they’d been saying even before Hazard arrived, and he could guess what men like Leonard Bint and his friend Davey thought of having a gay detective on the force. Somers forced his best, guy-around-town smile, and tried to steer the conversation back to something productive.
“Davey, I’m Detective Somerset. I was telling Leonard that we’re looking for someone who was camped out up here a few days ago. Did you see anything when you got here last night?”
Davey grunted something that might have been a no.
“Could you tell me who gave you directions to this place? Leonard said it’s the first time he’s been here.”
“First time for him.”
“What’s that?”
“I say,” Davey said, dropping into a camp chair and plunging his arm elbow-deep in the cooler. “First time for him. I been here plenty of times. Come up here regular.”
“How often is regular?”
“Pretty often.”
“How often is that?”
Davey ignored the question and focused on luring a Pabst out of the cooler.
“The detective asked you a question,” Hazard said. He said it the way Hazard said pretty much everything when he was acting as a detective: a flat, dead tone that made the hairs stand up on the back of Somers’s neck.
“What’d you say?” Davey asked, his gaze drifting towards Hazard.
“He said I’m asking some questions,” Somers said. “And we’d sure appreciate you gentlemen’s help. Can you tell me who else is up here?”
Davey grunted and cracked open his beer.
“Davey’s pretty sour,” Leonard said, leaning forward conspiratorially, “on account he forgot the eggs. Don’t mind him. You know, Detective, I’m a man who’s never minded helping the police. I’m a great believer in civic duty. In helping one’s fellow man. It’s the Christian thing to do. I was just telling Davey this last night. Davey, I said, helping our local authorities, that’s the Christian thing to do.”
“Uh-huh,” Somers said, trying to mask his concern about where this was leading.
“And I figure each good citizen will do another good citizen a turn in the same way it’s done to him. Don’t you think, Detective?”
“I’d say that’s as may be, Leonard. A helpful citizen who finds it expedient to undress and climb the statues in Worburn Park, peeing all over the playground in the process, that kind of helpful citizen might find himself with a warning instead of another trip to the county jail.”
“This is a fucking joke,” Hazard said.
“You’re a man after my own heart,” Bint said, tipping the beer towards Somers. “You sure you don’t want something? It’s hot as hell today.”
“No thanks, Leonard. Just some information.”
“Well, tell him, Davey.”
Davey grunted, shifted in his seat, and stared at Somers through a curtain of greasy yellow hair.
“Davey comes up here about once a week,” Bint said, undisturbed by his friend’s silence. “Real regular. Clockwork. And first thing Davey said last night was someone had been up here, messing up a goddamn perfect spot to do some—well, Detective, to do some camping. And we’ve got Cliff Treadway up here and Shawn Coy and Roy Lows. Those boys are doing what you might call a nature walk right now.”
“A nature walk with a few rifles between them.”
“That’s right, Detective. Just for safety’s sake.”
“What was messed up? About the site, I mean.”
“Some fool broke through the trees on the far side. Damn near snapped every branch in his path. Plenty of good trails up here, and Davey knows all of them, but this fellow didn’t bother with any of them. Just barged off like he’d been drinking since Sunday and had to take a piss right goddamn now.”
“Where?”
“Over there.” Bint gestured magnanimously with his Pabst. “You want Davey to show you?”
Davey, in Somers’s opinion, looked more likely to sprout wings than show them anything helpful, so Somers shook his head. “You boys enjoy your camping trip. A real quiet camping trip, with real quiet walks in the woods.”
“That’s right, John-Henry. Quiet as angels’ wings.” To Somers’s surprise, Bint turned to Hazard. “Emery, welcome back, boy. Bet your daddy would be pretty high on his horse if he saw you now.”
Hazard ignored the comment and marched past the tents towards the line of trees and brush that Bint had indicated.
“Touchy,” Bint said. “Touchy as a boy too, but real touchy now.”
“You have a good day, Leonard. Nice to meet you, Davey.”
Somers left the men to their beer and followed Hazard to the brush line. True to Bint’s words, a trampled section of grass revealed where someone had struggled into the line of trees. Several branches had been broken, while flattened weeds showed where someone had moved deeper into the woods.
“Where the hell was Chendo going?”
“It was night,” Hazard said, his scarecrow eyes darting around the clearing and then back to the brush line. “After midnight. He left before dawn. Unless he had a decent flashlight and took time to explore, he wouldn’t have known there were trails here.”
“Or unless he’d been here before. Why else would he come to this spot?”
Hazard shook his head and didn’t answer. “This is too wide,” he said, pointing at the trampled path.
Somers squinted. “You’re right. He wasn’t just going himself. He was dragging something.”
“Or someone.”
Somers pushed into the broken line of growth, fought through a tangle of prickers, and scrambled onto a bare patch of dirt. He heard Hazard following him, although the bigger man was obviously having more difficulty—and doing a great deal more swearing. It was easy to follow the trail that Chendo had forced through the woods. It curved down and around the slope of the bluff. Dirt crumbled under Somers’s leather soles, and more than once he slipped and had to catch himself.
“This would have been a hell of a thing to do in the middle of the night,” Somers called over his shoulder.
No answer from Hazard except more swearing.
The smell of the humid summer was mixed now with a cool, earthy scent, and the occasional burst of the moldering dead leaves from last autumn. As Somers hugged the bluff and continued down, though, a caught a whiff of something else. A reek of decay. And then the whisper of the leaves was replaced by a steady buzzing.
Somers knew what they were going to find; he’d smelled that smell before, he’d heard that horrible buzzing. And around the next curve of the hill, he found it. The body was swollen and, under the black, writhing masses of the flies, it was a bluish-gray color. The stink of rot poured off the corpse. Somers stood there for a moment, studying the scene.
When Hazard reached him a moment later, he uttered a single word: “Fuck.”
Yes, Somers thought. They were fucked. Because the body in front of them was missing its head and hands, and that was going to make identifying it a hell of a lot harder.

Chapter 32
October 27
Thursday
1:37pm

Hazard studied the scene in front of him. The body—headless and handless—lay at the end of the trail of broken branches, obviously there by someone in a hurry. But not in so much of a hurry, Hazard corrected, that he didn’t have time to eliminate the easiest ways of identifying the dead man. Flies buzzed, lifting and settling in waves as Somers stalked around the corpse, and then two gunshots rang out in quick succession. Hazard had his .38 in hand before he realized that no one was in sight.
“Cliff Treadway,” Somers said, his hand sliding down from his back, his gun still holstered—had he been too slow, or had he judged the sounds as harmless? “And the rest of Bint’s poachers.”
Hazard ignored the comment. As he slid the .38 back into its holster, he dropped to his knees. Waving away the flies, he leaned towards the corpse for a better look.
The smell made him want to pull back, but he pushed away that impulse. White male, average height, paunchy. Before being decapitated, he might have stood anywhere between five-ten and six feet. Dusty, kinky brown hair curled along his belly into a dense mat around his crotch.
Somers copied Hazard, squatting and waving away the flies to study the body from his side. Hazard found himself glaring at the other man, trying to assemble the different versions of Somers into a cohesive unit: there was Somers who just wanted to be everybody’s buddy—Leonard Bint included; there was Somers who was a surprisingly good cop; and there was the Somers who had tortured Jeff to suicide. How did those three fit together? Any two of them might work as sides of a coin, but all three—Hazard shook his head.
He regretted the action because Somers glanced up at him questioningly. “Going to be difficult to ID this one,” Hazard said. “That’s two now.”
“Chendo Cervantes has a pattern. That’s two vics that we can’t put a name to.”
Hazard grunted. “We don’t know this is connected to Chendo.”
Somers cocked his head at the body. “Get a look at this.”
When Hazard saw the blue swastika tattoo on the dead man’s neck, just below the raggedly cut flesh, he swore.
“Yep,” Somers said. “That fits Lady Mabbe’s description. Two men with swastika tattoos. Here’s one of them. So what the hell does that mean?”
Hazard shook his head. “Let’s call it in.”
Everything after that took time: time for the sheriff’s deputies to arrive, time for them to take pictures, time for them to pack up the corpse, time for them to interview Hazard, Somers, and Leonard Bint and his crew—who, miraculously, managed to steer clear of any question of poaching. This was Hazard’s first encounter with the deputies that covered most of Dore County, and they did about as well as he could have hoped. There wasn’t much, frankly, that they could do.
Sergeant Neecie Weiss, who was probably past forty and carried her weight with a substantial limp and who kept studying Hazard in sidelong glances, shrugged when she heard about their investigation and about the efforts to track Chendo Cervantes’s cell phone. “Do the best we can to help, but you saw the body. Not much to say for it. As for the phone, we’ll see what we can do.”
And with those promising words, Weiss led the rest of the deputies out of the unmarked campsite, leaving Hazard sweating in the late summer sun, and leaving Somers perched on the Impala’s hood.
“Chendo did this,” Somers said, jabbing a finger towards the trampled undergrowth.
Hazard wiped his forehead and said nothing. He ran through the facts: they had two dead bodies, now. And, depending on who you asked, both Chuckie Armistead and Chendo Cervantes were missing.
“Or it was Armistead,” Hazard finally said.
“No way,” Somers said, leaning forward, elbows on his knees. “Nico and Fukuma told us everything we need to know: Chendo was a fanatic. He was obsessed with Fukuma, obsessed with impressing her. He knew about her confrontation with Armistead—”
“We don’t know that.”
“—and he had his own encounter with Armistead. Christ, Hazard, we have Chendo’s texts, and he sounds guilty as shit. He snaps, or he cracks, or however you want to say it, and who does he go after? Armistead. It all adds up.”
“So what’s Armistead doing with the second guy? Why are they at the trailer, filling it with paint thinner or whatever the hell they used? Why does Armistead trust this other guy, when Naomi all but told us that Armistead must have known he wasn’t a real Volunteer? And how does Chendo get the drop on both of them?”
“Lady Mabbe heard a gunshot.” Somers mimed pulling a trigger twice. “Boom, boom. Two shots, easy, especially if he takes them by surprise.”
“So why does he burn one and drag the other out here?”
Somers grimaced. “I don’t know. Maybe he’s a pervert.”
“I think Nico would have mentioned if Chendo were into necrophilia.”
“Fine. You’re the big-shot, let’s hear it.”
“I don’t know.”
“Fuck that. Let’s hear it.”
“I don’t know.”
“You think Armistead’s alive.”
“He might be.”
“You think he killed Chendo Cervantes and burned the body in the trailer.”
“He might have.”
“You think he got some help—from a friend, from a wannabe Volunteer, from somebody he knew he could manipulate—with setting up the fire. That’s his plan, to get rid of the body so we don’t know who the victim was. And then what?”
“I don’t know. This is your theory.”
“Like hell it is.”
“All right,” Hazard said, flicking away another handful of sweat. “Maybe Armistead goes cruising again, picks up Chendo again, gets his rocks off and then feels messed up. He kills Chendo. He freaks out. He has to get rid of the body, so he asks his friend to help. Remember, we only have Naomi’s word that the second man wasn’t really a Volunteer. As far as I’m concerned, that’s worth about as much as the breath she used to say it. I think it’s possible Armistead called up a buddy in the Volunteers, convinced him to help dispose of Chendo’s body—”
“The body of the faggot he just fucked? Pardon my language, but that’s how a Volunteer would see it. There’s no way they would help Armistead.”
“Nobody would know Armistead’s secret except Chendo, and he’s dead. Armistead just has to make his friends think that this was one more step in what he’s been doing: the vandalism, the assaults, finally escalating to murder. The Volunteers would probably be proud of what he did.”
Somers’s eyes narrowed. “So, why does Armistead turn on his buddy? Why drag him out here, cut off his head and his hands? Why send fake text messages to Nico? Why keep Chendo’s phone as he tries to escape? Why run away at all—for hell’s sake, if he hadn’t gone missing, nobody would have ever known it was him?”
“Because he’s got a secret. Not just killing Chendo—all the rest of it. And he’s worried that it will get out, that everyone will find out that Chuckie Armistead is a cocksucker. For a Volunteer, that’s worse than being a murderer. He uses Nico’s phone as a screen, as a way of keeping us thinking that Chendo’s still alive.”
“That’s insane. You know that, right? No, let me say this. You’re fixated on the Volunteers. I know you hate them. I hate them. They’re a bunch of hate-mongering cowards, and I won’t say I’m sorry that Chendo Cervantes killed two of them. But you’re letting your emotions cloud your judgment.”
“Fuck you,” Hazard said. 
Somers rolled his shoulders, sighed, and climbed down from the hood. He unlocked the Impala and got in; Hazard chewed on his anger for another minute before following. The drive back towards Wahredua was long and silent.
“All right, my theory’s got holes,” Somers finally said. “But you got to admit yours does too.”
Hazard ignored him.
The next round of silence was broken by Somers’s phone. He answered the call, spoke softly for a few moments, and then disconnected. With a shout, he hurled the phone across the dash.
It was enough of an opening for Hazard to ask, “What?”
“They just found Chendo’s phone.”
“What? Where?”
“Buried in a logging truck headed west on 44. Driver doesn’t have any idea who Chendo Cervantes is. Never heard of him. Doesn’t know how the phone got there or when. Jesus Christ.”
“Whoever it was,” Hazard said, fighting the tightness in his jaw, “Armistead or Chendo, he’s gone. We just lost our best chance of finding him.”

Chapter 33
October 27
Thursday
8:15pm

Instead of driving to the station, Somers followed Market Street and found parking on the north side of Saint Taffy’s. It was a Thursday, and it was late, and Somers needed a drink. Besides, it was also Upchurch’s going-away party. The more important reason, the more pressing reason, was that John-Henry Somerset needed a drink and he needed it about five hours ago. It wasn’t a conscious thought, but it was—what? Semi-conscious? Lurking at the back of his brain, a half-formed thought of what he needed: booze, enough to black out everything for the past thirty years or so.
Tonight, though, it wasn’t the regular dose he needed to get to sleep and forget Cora and Evie and all the familiar ways his life had gone to hell. Tonight it was the case: no suspect, no leads, nothing but two dead bodies they couldn’t identify. And if Somers were honest with himself—which he didn’t want to be—it was Hazard. Because somehow everything had gone to shit with Hazard, and Somers couldn’t figure out why.
Somers climbed out of the Impala. He was thirsty. He was more than thirsty. His throat was dry, and the tips of his fingers were trembling, just a little bit, because he was close now, so close. Hazard, his big shoulders slumped, followed Somers towards Saint Taffy’s.
When Somers glanced back at him, Hazard’s dark brows came together like storm clouds. “I fucking promised I’d come to this fucking nightmare, so don’t fucking look at me like that.”
“Yeah, sure.” Same old charming Hazard.
Inside, nothing had changed, and Somers actually breathed in relief. The smoky mirror behind the bar: that’s where Somers’s gaze went, and the distorted glass pulled Somers towards the wavy reflections of brown and blue and green bottles. He caught impressions of the rest of the bar, the smell of sangria—the Thursday special—and the hum and bump of the music pounding through the speakers. Something pop, something hip, something that people under twenty probably liked, but hell, were they even people when they were that young?
Somers wasn’t sure if he was an alcoholic. Hazard said he was. Cora said he was. Upchurch said he was. But Somers wasn’t sure. Alcoholics were a breed. They had something in them, something in the wiring, that made alcohol like air or water, a necessity. Somers, though, needed alcohol the way a drowning man needed a life preserver. It was a hell of a nice thing to have when you were in the water, but once you reached land, you could throw it away. And he was going to get to land. He was going to swim across the mother-fucking ocean if he had to, but one way or another, he was going to get to land.
Tonight, though, he needed his life preserver. Tony was behind the bar. They hadn’t gone to school together—Tony had moved to Wahredua for college, dropped out, and stayed on by hopping around the bar scene—but they were close to the same age, and aside from Somers’s wife, Tony was probably the person that had taken more of Somers’s money, listened to more of his complaints, and shoved him out the door more than anyone else.
Somers didn’t even need to say anything anymore. He didn’t want to, anyway, so he just nodded at Tony, and Tony got the bottle of Jose Cuervo and the shot glass and started doing what he did best: getting Somers drunk.
After the third shot—or was it the fifth?—Somers could feel some of the knots untying themselves. He felt loose, almost stretched out. He leaned against the bar, scanning the room, breathing in the smell of sangria and getting a whiff of the harsh tequila still on his lips.
There he was, on the far side of the room, past the pool table. Jesus, it was like a GPS signal, throbbing in the darkness of Somers’s head, like he could find Emery Hazard anyone in the universe, eyes closed. Hazard had shrugged off his jacket, and his tie hung loose around his unbuttoned collar. A patch of bristly dark hair showed at the top of his chest. Hazard was, to Somers’s surprise, laughing. He was talking to Upchurch, their heads close together. Hazard didn’t look relaxed, not exactly—Somers had a hard time imagining that Hazard ever looked relaxed—but he looked less stressed than usual.
Everyone was there, Somers realized. He’d been itching too bad, he’d been in too much of a rush, to notice before, but he noticed now: Cravens, in a gray cardigan and high-waisted jeans that made her look, even more than usual, like she might be pulling a pan of cookies out of the oven at any minute; Swinney, with her short, reddish hair falling into her eyes; Lender, squirreled away behind those thick, plastic frames, and laughing at something Swinney had just said. A lot of the uniform guys and gals too, and some civilians as well. Plenty of people had turned out to say goodbye to Renard Upchurch.
But not, Somers thought, Eldora. Upchurch’s wife was nowhere to be seen. It made sense, in a way; this was, after all, a work party. Maybe Eldora had simply felt it would be better to let Upchurch say goodbye in his own way. Maybe Eldora had not wanted to come to Saint Taffy’s—a cop bar, and a particularly noisy cop bar, was not exactly Eldora’s scene.
Something prickled inside Somers, though, and his eyes went back to Hazard. Hazard wasn’t leaning towards Upchurch, Somers realized. Upchurch was leaning towards Hazard. And Hazard was still laughing—his head going back, his long, glossy black hair catching the glimmer from the low-hanging lights. What the fuck was so funny? And why was Upchurch sitting so goddamn close to Somers’s partner?
It wasn’t jealousy. That was the first thought, loud and clear, that rang out in Somers’s mind. It wasn’t anything close to jealousy. It was curiosity, that’s all. Somers was just curious. Had Hazard been right? Was Upchurch gay and in the closet? Or was he bi? Were Upchurch and his wife swingers? Somers snorted with laughter at the thought; Eldora Upchurch was as much a swinger as Mother Theresa.
But what the fuck was that, Somers thought as Upchurch squeezed Hazard’s shoulder. And now it was jealousy, a dark, spiny tangle around Somers’s lungs like he couldn’t take a breath without feeling those prickles. And Somers couldn’t admit that it was jealousy he was feeling—he wouldn’t admit it—even as he tried to figure out what he felt: was he upset that Upchurch hadn’t made a move on him? Or that Hazard hadn’t?
A dim part at the back of Somers’s mind was saying slow down, think, you screwed up once with Kaylee and you’re trying to make things right with your wife. You remember her, dumbass? Your wife, who’s at home with your little girl. You stepped in it, you really did, with Kaylee and now you’re looking at Hazard like he’s fresh meat and you haven’t eaten in a hundred years, so watch out, you better watch the fuck out.
But Somers wasn’t paying attention to that voice. Instead, he was in two places at once: he was in Saint Taffy’s, breathing in the fumes of fermented grapes and spices, the soles of his shoes peeling up from a floor that was tacky with spilled beer; and, at the same time, he was back in the locker room. The locker room at Wahredua High School, back in his junior year.
That day, Somers had stayed late. He was still freaked out about what had happened—
—to Jeff Langham—
—with Mikey and Hugo, and he was trying to convince himself he wasn’t freaked out by staying late after basketball practice and running suicides until he puked. Today hadn’t been any different; Somers had run and run and run until he doubled over at the doors and spilled his guts into the grass just outside. Then he had gone to the locker room. He had showered, a long hot shower, trying to escape the one thing he couldn’t escape: himself.
Somers shifted on the stool as the memory washed over him; his chest felt heavy like he had that lead apron on, the one they used at the dentist’s. His eyes felt dilated; the low-hanging lights in Saint Taffy’s had halos around them, orangish-gray blurs of light that wouldn’t go away no matter how much he blinked. He didn’t want to go back to that memory, he didn’t want to go back to the locker room, but he was already there and he couldn’t escape.
The locker room had been hot. The water in the shower had been hot. Somers had been sweating when he’d stepped out of the spray, and condensation beaded on the tiled walls. He padded barefoot out to his locker and stopped because Emery Hazard was there, wearing nothing but a pair of gray flannel boxers and grungy tube socks that had gone gray from too much washing.
Back then, Hazard had been scrawny. Somers could count his ribs. But there had been the faintest hint of definition to Hazard’s chest, the slightest swell of muscle in his arms—hints of what he would look like when Somers saw him fifteen years later. His hair had been an untamed mess of black, unlike the long, parted look he wore now, but the eyes were the same: cold, merciless scarecrow eyes, the color of straw at the end of summer.
Somers had never allowed himself to think what he thought right then: that Emery Hazard was beautiful. Hollow-cheeked, with dark circles under his eyes, he was damaged but beautiful. Hazard’s thin arms folded across his chest; he shifted his weight back, as though ready to run, even if it meant sprinting away in nothing but a pair of boxers.
But he didn’t run. He stayed where he was as Somers advanced. Neither of them said anything. Neither of them, Somers still believed even fifteen years later, needed to say anything. There had been something in the air, maybe, pheromones or hormones or whatever you wanted to call them. Or maybe it had just been fate, that their lives had been linked in some unknown way, and this moment was inevitable, that they were rushing towards it like two trains on the same track. When Somers was sober, he told himself it had all been perfectly normal: the result of high-octane teen sex drive and curiosity. But right now, swimming in Jose Cuervo, he knew. He knew it had been fate then, and he knew it was fate now, tonight.
He had touched Emery. Just brushed his fingers across the breadth of Emery’s chest and watched as goosepimples covered Emery’s skin, as though Somers’s touch was lightning. Somers had never felt hotter than at that moment. He’d never felt more desired. It had been intoxicating. And so he had leaned in. The kiss had been nothing but a brush of lips; in another setting, you could have called it chaste. Right then, though, it was as chaste as a wildfire.
The clack of billiard balls colliding pulled Somers out of the memory; he sucked in a breath as though he had just swum up from a great depth. For a moment, he struggled to orient himself. Everything in Saint Taffy’s looked dark and distant and out of place. Then he remembered. He was being a tool. He should be talking to Cravens or to Swinney or Lender. He should be congratulating Upchurch and wishing him well. And instead, John-Henry Somerset was drinking his ass off at the bar, alone, and pining for the gay boy he had tortured in high school.
As though sensing Somers’s thoughts, Hazard’s head came up. He looked across the room, straight at Somers, and—and he smiled. It was vintage Emery Hazard: a tightly guarded smile, the smile of someone all wrapped up in trying to protect himself. But it was there. And Somers felt like his heart was melting, drip by drip, at how much pain could flash out in that smile. For no reason Somers could explain, he tilted his head at the bar, inviting Hazard to join him.
Hazard said something to Upchurch, and Upchurch’s eyes stabbed at Somers. Somers ignored his former partner and tossed back another shot. When Hazard crossed the room, he moved with slow, confident steps—not quite a strut, but very close. Hazard leaned on the bar, close enough for Somers to smell the Guinness on his breath when he said, “Hey.”
That word, that one word, spoken in Hazard’s low, throaty way, set everything else in motion: from that moment forward, everything happened the way Somers knew it was supposed to happen because this was fate turning the wheels now. Somers recognized the tone in Hazard’s voice. He recognized when someone was trying to pick him up. He knew how good-looking he was, and he knew how people responded to it. And now it was happening with Hazard, the way it had happened with women—and men—ever since Somers had hit high school.
And now, ignoring that tiny, warning voice in his head, Somers let it happen because he wanted it to happen. He had wanted it to happen fifteen years ago, but he had been a coward, and now it was fifteen years too late. So he made jokes. He laughed. He swiveled on the stool so that his legs bracketed Hazard. He tossed back shots, matching Hazard drink for drink. The laughter grew easier, the conversation more fluid, their knees brushed and then pressed together. Somers had lost track of his fellow cops, of the bar, of everything else when Hazard leaned in and whispered, “Let’s go somewhere quieter.”
And they did. Somers knew he had drunk too much. He had the impression of leaning on Hazard as they walked, of Hazard’s arm around his waist. When they reached the Crofter’s Mark and took the elevator up to Somers’s apartment, Somers staggered and fell against Hazard. Both of Hazard’s arms went around him, and Somers buried his face in Hazard’s neck, smelling the sweat and the lingering soap on Hazard’s body and the starch of his pressed shirt. Hazard’s stubble rasped the side of Somers’s face. Somers took a step back. The mirrored walls of the elevator gave a dozen reflections of them, of Somers staring up into those scarecrow eyes, where a thick lock of dark hair had fallen.
Somers moved first. His lips found Hazard’s, and again the stubble rasped his cheeks. It reminded Somers, in the most basic way, of the kisses he had shared with Ricky Wade, his college roommate. But Ricky Wade, although cute, was nowhere in the same league as Hazard. Hazard’s big hands tightened around Somers, pulling him closer. The kiss went on and on; Somers’s felt his legs give out, and Hazard caught him.
But underneath the passion—hot enough that Somers worried, at the back of his mind, that his skin was on fire—there was a hardness to the kiss, an aggression, a fierceness from Hazard. As the two men, still entangled in each other, staggered out of the elevator, Hazard’s hand moved up and caught Somers’s hair. He was pulling hard, almost too hard, but the pain sent a rush of endorphins through Somers that made his breathing quicken. They tumbled through the door, into the apartment, and Somers realized he was being manhandled—half-carried, half-shoved across the apartment and towards the bedroom.
“Slow down,” he said, aware that his breathing had become a whistle, aware of the whimpering noises he made as Hazard yanked at his short blond hair, aware of his growing need to do whatever Hazard wanted, to give his partner whatever he demanded. “Oh fuck, you’re so hot—fuck, slow down. Just for a minute.”
But Hazard didn’t slow down. Those long, strong fingers found purchase on Somers’s shirt and ripped. The shirt tore away. Buttons pinged against the windows. Hazard, for the first time that night, looked stunned as he studied Somers, and Somers felt a prickle of nerves.
“It’s—I don’t know. I just started doing it—” Somers fought to keep his hands still, to keep from trying to cover the tattoos. He couldn’t cover them, of course, not with his hands, not even if he wanted to. Ink ran from his collarbone to his waist, and it formed sleeves along both arms. It meant always wearing collared, long-sleeved shirts while he worked, even on the hottest days, because it wasn’t ok for a small-town cop to sport tattoos like that.
Hazard still hadn’t said anything. The light from the street washed color from his face. Then, wordlessly, he began to run his hands over Somers’s chest, caressing, teasing, and slowly guiding Somers backward until they toppled to the mattress. Hazard knelt astride Somers, pinning Somers’s hands with his own. The kisses had become, if anything, more insistent, more compelling. Somers’s head was swirling, and it had nothing to do with Jose Cuervo. Dizzy, struggling to draw breath, he tried to pull away, but Hazard followed him.
“Oh fuck, please,” Somers moaned, rocking up into Hazard. It had been this way with Ricky, too, the need, but then Somers had been in control, had been able to hide it. Now he knew, at some instinctual level, that whatever happened next was up to Hazard, and that stoked a fire inside Somers that he’d never felt before. “Goddamn, oh, please.” He pivoted his hips up harder, grinding against the bigger man and feeling solid muscle.
“That’s right,” Hazard whispered, breaking the kiss and bringing his mouth next to Somers’s ear. “Beg.”
“Fuck. Please, I’m fucking begging. Oh please.” He rocked his hips again, desperate for contact with Hazard, lost in the booze and in the hormones and strangely grateful for the lack of inhibitions, for the feeling of complete surrender. “Please, please, please.” He knew he was just rambling, speaking incoherently, but it didn’t matter.
Except, the next moment, it did seem to matter because Hazard, his mouth still against Somers’s ear, gripped Somers’s jaw in iron fingers. “That’s right, fucking beg me. Beg me the way you made Jeff beg.”
The words hit Somers like cold water. He tried to scramble out from underneath Hazard; a part of him desperately wanted to see his partner’s eyes, to try to understand what was happening. But Hazard still had one of Somers’s wrist in a vise-grip, and his other hand still held Somers’s jaw.
“Go on,” Hazard growled, his voice hard and empty of the earlier passion. “Beg. I want to hear you say every humiliating thing you made him say. I want you to tell me, out of your own fucking mouth, everything you did to him. And once you do that, if you’re a very good boy, I’ll give you what you want.”
“Get off me.” Somers shoved at his partner, trying to shift his bulk, but it was no use. Hazard was much bigger, and it was all muscle. “Get the hell off. Get off me.”
“I told you—”
But before Hazard could finish, Somers clocked him on the ear with his free hand. Hazard rocked sideways with the blow, and Somers followed it by hammering him on the head again. With a roar, Hazard batted away Somers’s hand.
By then, though, Somers had managed to wriggle away. He crawled backward until he hit the corner of the room. Hazard got to his feet, massaging the side of his head. In the darkness of the room, with only the amber glow of the streetlights filtering through the window, Hazard was nothing more than an enormous shadow and two glittering gold eyes.
“Get the fuck out of here,” Somers said.
For a moment, Hazard did nothing. Then he said, “I thought I’d been wrong about you. I thought what happened—” He swallowed, and Somers had the bewildering impression that his partner was on the brink of tears. The darkness hid his features, though, and when he spoke again, his voice held old anger. “I thought I was wrong.”
Then, after another long moment, he left.
Somers was shaking, and his right ached from the blows he’d delivered. His head hurt, and his lips felt swollen and bruised from the force of Hazard’s kisses. A long time after the front door had shut behind Hazard, Somers dragged himself to the mattress and lay in the amber light that slipped through the windows. He thought about that day in the locker room, all those years ago. And he started to cry.

Chapter 34
October 28
Friday
5:27am

The phone call didn’t wake Somers because Somers never really slept. He lay on the mattress, eyes wide to the glare from the streetlights, drifting between painful memories. From time to time he slipped towards sleep, but then his heart would hammer him awake with a fresh wash of panic—panic that Hazard was still there, or, strangely, panic that Hazard had left Wahredua. When his phone vibrated, he clutched at it, fighting off a fresh wave of fear, and unsure whether he was afraid that Hazard was calling or afraid that Hazard wasn’t. Instead of Hazard’s name, though, the screen flashed Naomi Malsho.
For a moment, Somers considered letting the call go to voicemail. Then, grudgingly, he slid his finger across the screen and picked up. Her breathing was wrong. That was the first thing he noticed.
“John-Henry. John-Henry, are you there?”
“What’s wrong? What happened?”
Then she started to cry. Somers tried to calm her down, but Naomi had descended into harsh, racking sobs, and she couldn’t seem to hear him—or, if she could, she couldn’t answer. Somers finally settled for shouting, “I’m coming right over.”
As he dug through the clothes on the floor, his hand scraped one of the buttons that had popped free from his shirt earlier that night. Hazard, his breath reeking of Guinness, his kisses bruising Somers’s lips. Somers pushed the memory aside, found a relatively clean button-up, and shrugged into it.
The thought of Hazard, though, had reminded Somers that Naomi was involved in their case, and if something had happened to her, Hazard needed to be part of it. The thought sent mingled fear and thrill through Somers, and he hated himself for both feelings. First thing, Somers promised himself. First thing he’d talk to Cravens and get her to put him with Swinney or Lender. But for now, he had to at least let Hazard know what was going on.
“Naomi, I’ve got to call Hazard. We’ll be right over.”
She was still crying when he disconnected the call.
Somers dialed as he drove towards the Bridal Veil Motor Court. Hazard didn’t pick up on the first or the second call, but he did on the third.
“What?”
What. That was how Emery Hazard answered the phone after what had happened earlier that night. Somers wanted to reach across the line and rip out the other man’s throat. But he managed to say, “Something’s wrong with Naomi. We’re going over there. Be downstairs in five.” He disconnected without waiting for an answer.
By the time Somers reached the Art Deco structure, the sun was starting to rise, and it tinted the motor court’s glass blocks the color of butter. Hazard waited at the bottom of the motor court’s stairs. He looked, as always, impeccable—like he’d had an hour to get ready instead of five minutes. When he dropped into the passenger seat, he stared straight ahead, as though Somers didn’t exist.
Somers didn’t care. He covered the distance to Naomi’s house in just under fifteen minutes, racing along the curving country roads, charging up the gravel drive. The modernist building was nothing more than geometric shadows against the horizon: black blocks and triangles, like someone had snipped out a piece of the world.
“Door’s broken,” Hazard said as they approached the house. “Someone forced his way inside.”
Somers nodded. He grabbed his Glock from the holster at the small of his back, while Hazard drew the .38 from his shoulder holster. Somers felt the heat of his anger dissipate. He wasn’t calm—he had wires running under his skin—but he was clear-headed again.
They moved through the house like clockwork, clearing room after room until Somers heard the sound of crying. Then he smelled it: a greasy, charred scent. The smell of a house fire. And, with it, the smell of something else, something chemical. The accelerant, Somers guessed. Someone had tried to burn down Naomi’s home.
That someone, Somers was willing to bet, was their killer.
Around the next corner, Somers saw a long hall. At the end of the hall, a door was partially open, and yellow light slashed out through the doorway. Somers took a step forward, but Hazard put a hand on his arm and shook his head.
“Naomi,” Somers called.
The sobs broke, and then Naomi answered in a quavering voice. “Who’s there?”
“It’s me. John-Henry.”
A long silence followed, and then, “Prove it.”
“How the hell am I supposed to prove it?”
Naomi sobbed again, and in a softer voice she said, “All right. You can come in.”
Somers followed the sound of her voice, and when he pushed open the door, he blinked into the sudden brightness of the room. When his eyes had focused, he was staring down the barrel of a hunting rifle. Behind the rifle stood Naomi, red-eyed, her dark hair frizzed like she’d stuck a finger in an electrical outlet.
From behind Somers, Hazard said, “Drop the weapon, Miss Malsho.”
“It’s fine, Naomi,” Somers said. “We’re here.”
“Drop it. Right now.”
Naomi blinked, as though surprised by the request, and then she lowered her hands mechanically, as though no longer really aware of what she was doing. Somers breathed out in relief and eased the rifle away from her. Then, ignoring Hazard’s furious glare, Somers helped Naomi across the room and into a comfortable-looking chair.
The bedroom, Somers noticed, was a disaster. In its pristine state, it was probably like the rest of the house: cold, museum-like, and modern in a way that made Somers feel like he was tracking dog shit through the house with every step. The furniture was dark wood, chrome, and white leather. The bed looked like something that could have been shoved aboard a spaceship if NASA ever came up short. An enormous picture window on the far side of the room looked out on the sun rising over fields of bent, brittle corn. 
But the room was not in what anyone would have called a pristine state. The picture window was shattered, and glass picked up splashes of red and yellow from the sunrise so that the white carpet looked like a sea of flame. The spaceship bed was overturned, exposing a rather battered box-spring. Someone—and Somers was willing to bet that it had not been Naomi—had slashed open two of the leather chairs, and wads of batting overflowed from the slashes and spilled onto the floor.
“What the hell happened here?” Somers asked.
“She was attacked,” Hazard said. He crossed the room with quick, precise steps, stopping to examine the slashed chairs and then the window. “Not that long ago.”
Somers threw a questioning look at Naomi.
“Yes,” she said and then hiccoughed. Her hands went to her eyes, probing the red, swollen lids. “Yes, he came about five.”
“He?” Hazard said. “Who?”
Naomi blinked. “I don’t know. I mean, I saw that it was a man, but I just don’t know. The fire—”
“What fire?”
Shivering, Naomi peeled her hands away from her eyes. “The fire. He wanted to burn me out.” She got to her feet, and for a moment Somers thought she might fall. When he moved to help her, though, she waved him away. From behind Naomi, Hazard made a furious gesture for Somers to back off.
Somers ignored him.
“This way,” Naomi said. She led them down the hall and into the kitchen. The long, gleaming granite countertops were blackened with soot and ash. Fire had scorched two of the walls, and singes showed on the stainless steel appliances. The smell of burned fabric was stronger here, and Somers found its source: the curtains hanging above a broken window.
With one foot, Somers stirred a shattered glass bottle that lay on the floor. Nearby lay the charred remains of what he believed had once been a rag.
“You see this?” Somers said.
Hazard squatted, grunted, and said, “Molotov.”
“Just like Fukuma.” What Somers didn’t say, though, was what he hoped his partner was thinking: Fukuma’s Molotov had been a fake. It had been her own work, a way of gaining attention. Was this the same? Or—Somers felt a chill. Or had the murderer believed that the attack on Fukuma was real? Was the murderer trying to throw the blame on the radical professor?
“What are you talking about? This happened before? He did this to someone else?”
“Who is he?” Somers said. “You keep saying he. Who?”
“I don’t know. Whoever was here. Whoever attacked me.”
Somers tried to trade glances with Hazard, but his partner refused to look at him.
“You saw him,” Somers said. “Where? Here?”
“No.” Naomi’s voice was weak, but it gained strength as she continued speaking. “No, he was in my room. I heard the glass break. I came in here to see what was happening. I had the rifle, but when I saw the fire, I grabbed the fire extinguisher.”
“You didn’t grab the phone?” Hazard said, rising back to his full height. “You didn’t call 911?”
“I could have been killed,” Naomi said. “I could have died in the fire if I hadn’t woken up.” She paused. One hand was automatically combing out her shoulder-length hair; the other hand lingered on her chest, just above her breasts, fiddling with the undersized t-shirt that she was wearing. Already, the terrified Naomi that they had found in the bedroom was disappearing behind the manipulative mask she usually wore. “Fukuma. She’s that professor at the college, right? The one who’s insane. Someone did this to her?”
“Why don’t you tell us what happened after you put out the fire?”
Naomi shrugged. “I heard the window in my bedroom break, but I was too busy putting out the fire. When I had things under control, I ran back to the bedroom. He was there. He fired at me—two shots, I think, although that part’s a blur. He was coming towards me, and somehow I got the rifle up and managed to shoot.”
“Did you hit him?” Hazard asked.
“I don’t know. He ran away. I didn’t care if I’d hit him or not, I just wanted him gone.”
“Let’s see the room again,” Somers said.
He found two bullet holes in the drywall of Naomi’s bedroom. They were less than an inch from the doorframe; Naomi had barely escaped. There was no sign of the round that Naomi had fired, but Hazard found a single casing behind the door. Everything Naomi said had checked out, as far as Somers could tell.
“You didn’t answer Detective Hazard’s question earlier. Why didn’t you call 911?”
“Why’d you call him?” Hazard added.
Naomi tensed. “It’s a question of ethics.”
“The police aren’t ethical?” Somers said.
“The police are the enemy. They’re the militarized tool of oppression used by a fascist state, enforcing unjust laws.”
“Sounds like you got a speeding ticket recently,” Somers said under his breath.
“It wouldn’t be smart for the head of the Ozark Volunteers to go running to the police.” Hazard crossed his big arms over his chest and studied Naomi. “You’d look weak.”
“I’d be complicit with a corrupt and oligarchic—”
“Yeah,” Somers said, “we get it. So you call me because—what? We’re old friends?”
“You came,” Naomi said, a trace of scorn in her voice. “Didn’t you?”
“We’re going to have to file a report on this,” Somers said. “And we’ll see if we can find whoever it was that attacked you.”
“That professor, the one you said. Fukuma. She’s trans, right? Or real butch? And you said she used a Molotov—”
“I didn’t say that,” Somers said.
Naomi narrowed her eyes. “I think it was her.”
“She was the he you’ve been talking about this whole time?” Hazard shook his head. “Let’s get out of here, Somers.”
Naomi followed them to the door, and as they drove away from the house, she became one more spot of blackness, merging with the house of shadows. Somers thought back to the way she had spoken, the way she had held herself, the way she had looked at him. He knew a lie when he heard one. He knew, especially, how the Malsho women lied; he was married to one, after all. And Naomi Malsho was lying her heart out.
The drive back to the Bridal Veil Motor Court was long and silent. When Somers parked the car, Hazard sprang out and slammed the door. Somers followed him.
Hazard spun to face his partner. A sneer twisted his face. “If you think we’re going to talk about last night—”
Somers popped him in the mouth. Hazard staggered back. Blood trickled from his split lip, and his eyes were wide with shock.
“That’s for last night.” Somers shook his hand, relishing the ache. “We’re done, all right? I’m talking to Cravens today. We’re done.”
Hazard didn’t answer. He didn’t raise a hand to stop the blood that ran down his chin and dripped onto his plaid shirt.
Somers spun, furious and sick to his stomach, but then he spun back towards Hazard. Words exploded out of him before he could stop them.
“You know what? I wasn’t there. Jeff, what Mikey and Hugo did to him. I wasn’t there. I left. And I know I’m a coward because I didn’t tell anyone, but the honest truth is that I didn’t know how bad it was going to be. If I’d known, I would have said something or done something.”
“Mikey Grames said you were there.” Hazard spoke like a dead man. A fat droplet of blood quivered from his jaw.
“Mikey Grames? Jesus Christ, is that what this is all about? Mikey Grames is a moron. He’s a meth-head. He’s burned out half his fucking brain with crank, and the half that he’s still got is barely enough to keep him from shitting his drawers every time he farts. If you wanted to know so bad about Jeff, why didn’t you ask me? Why didn’t you tell me what was going on?”
“He told me you were there. I know you were there. I know what you did.”
“Jesus,” Somers said. His anger seemed to evaporate, and in its place, he felt a kind of lightheaded wonder, like he wasn’t sure if he was still standing on solid ground. “I never realized how sad you are, this whole thing you’ve got going. No wonder Billy’s sick of you.”
It was a cheap shot. No, worse than that, it was a downright shitty thing to say, and Somers knew it even before he said it. But he couldn’t deny the surge of satisfaction he felt when the words hit home and Hazard flinched as though he’d been struck.
Somers got into the Impala and drove towards the station. He was going to talk to Cravens. He was going to tell her what had happened. He was going to ask for a new partner. And most of all, he was going to admit that he’d made a mistake about Emery Hazard.

Chapter 35
October 28
Friday
7:37am

Hazard showered. The water was pink for a while as it rinsed the blood from his chin. When he got out, he dried himself with one of the Bridal Veil Motor Court towels, and it was a bit like drying himself with a piece of sandpaper. Towel around his waist, he studied his fat lip in the mirror and wished to hell he understood Somers.
Last night, it had all seemed so simple. He had been talking to Upchurch, enjoying—in a distracted way—the older man’s clumsy attempts at flirtation. Whatever Somers said, it was obvious that Upchurch was gay, or at least bi, and that he wouldn’t mind giving Emery Hazard’s body a thorough exploration. But while Hazard had listened to Upchurch’s compliments, while he had laughed at bad jokes and answered boring questions, his real focus had been on Somers.
Somers, as usual, had refused to do what Hazard expected. Instead of taking center stage at Upchurch’s going away party, Somers had slunk over to the bar and pounded back shots—a line of them that stretched halfway down the block, it looked to Hazard. That was all: he stayed right there, not quite pouting, not quite sulking, but doing a hell of a close impersonation. Swinney had wanted to know what was wrong; Lender had offered to go ask; Cravens, with a grim shake of her head, had insisted everyone leave Somers alone.
But Hazard had been watching, and he hadn’t minded watching because even when Somers had a face like a thundercloud, it was still a face that made Hazard’s heart hitch. And then he had noticed Somers watching him—and then the idea hit. It was so simple. It was so easy. Hazard could tell, from the way Somers was looking at him, that the blond man wanted something. Hazard was willing to give it to him—up to a point. Then, when he had Somers exactly where he wanted him, he’d put on the pressure. Somers would cave. He’d confess to what he’d done to Jeff, and Hazard would—what? Even today, after everything that had happened, Hazard wasn’t sure. Would he have killed John-Henry? Would he have hurt him?
In the end, it hadn’t mattered because nothing had worked out the way Hazard had planned. Instead of breaking down and confessing, Somers had fought back. He’d gotten away from Hazard. Hazard might have gone after him—he might have pressed the issue to the breaking point—but the sight of Somers’s face stopped him. There was so much confusion there. So much hurt. It wasn’t anything like what Hazard had expected to see, and it left him flat-footed, like he’d stepped off a bus but the whole world kept moving at a smooth fifty-five.
And why the hell, just once, couldn’t Somers do what he was supposed to do? Why couldn’t he confess? Why couldn’t he admit he’d done wrong? Why, instead, did he have to ring Hazard’s bell with a smooth right jab and then deny everything? Why did Somers have to be right—this was the part that hurt the most—about Mikey Grames?
Because Somers was right, at least in part: Mikey Grames was an addict and a piece of shit, and therefore, he was not to be trusted. But Hazard had ignored that obvious fact. He had ignored, too, the fact that Mikey Grames had always been good at manipulating Hazard, had always been good at hurting Somers, and so why shouldn’t he still know how to do it? The truth of that hurt almost worse than the shame and pain of how Hazard had treated Somers.
Massaging his swollen lip one last time, wincing at the flash of heat in the torn flesh, Hazard dressed for the day—for what was definitely his last day as John-Henry Somerset’s partner and was, most likely, also going to be his last day with the Wahredua PD. In jacket and tie, Hazard left the Bridal Veil Motor Court and drove to the station.
The day was bright and already hot, but the wind carried away the worst of the humidity, with the result that the day felt like a baking oven rather than a swamp. Half-moons of sunlight bounced off the broken glass in the station parking lot, and the smell of hot tar persisted in spite of the wind’s best efforts. Hazard sat in the car, not quite ready to get out, and stared at the building that had once been a Catholic school. Above the door, the lone remaining angel looked like something that had fallen off the truck on the way to Pottery Barn. The devil, staring up at the angel’s broken spear, still looked like he was having a hell of a laugh. That about summed it up, Hazard thought: even if you didn’t believe in God and the Devil, you had to believe that evil had a lot more chuckles, and good ended up chipped and broken and looking ready for the scrap heap.
He couldn’t go inside. Not yet. Not with Somers already in there, not with Cravens ready to chew Hazard a new asshole, not with the shame that somehow, some way, Emery Hazard had screwed up his second chance at being a detective—and, for the second time, he’d done so purely on his own merits. He couldn’t go inside, so instead, he found himself pulling out his phone and dialing Billy’s number. 
As the phone rang, Hazard knew how things would go: he’d apologize, and then, after a little begging, Billy would soften up and he’d apologize too. What were they fighting about? Hazard couldn’t even remember, something stupid, something inconsequential in the big scheme of things. Hazard would drive up to St. Louis tonight, spend the weekend there, see Billy’s play, make it up to him—
The phone picked up, and Hazard opened his mouth, ready to start with the apology. On the other end of the line, the sound of laughter in the background made Hazard stop. It was Billy’s laughter, and Billy’s voice speaking through the laughter, as though it were the best joke in the world, Billy saying, “No, Tom, I don’t want him to find out like this—”
And then a different voice, a deeper voice with a playful cast, came on the line, “This is Tom Gerard, personal assistant to the amazing Billy Rolker, how can I help you?”
Hazard’s head was floating. It had come off, been cut off, and it was floating somewhere above his body, so he couldn’t feel his breath or his hands or the way his socks had pulled sideways and weren’t fitting right. All he could do, with his head floating up in the air, was stare at the clock and think, it’s not even eight, not even eight o’clock in the morning, and Tom’s there. And then the next thought came, brutally cold and clear: He’s been there all night. He’s probably been there every night since I left.
“Em,” Tom said, “you there?”
“I need to talk to Billy.”
“Look, Em.” Tom’s voice. That same condescending, upper-crust voice: good manners, good breeding, and a good deal of patience with slow, stupid Emery Hazard. “Billy doesn’t want to talk to you, all right?”
“I need to talk to Billy.”
“Well, he’s not talking to you. I am. Listen, Em, you had to see this coming, right? We all saw it coming. The move was a good thing. You guys can go your separate ways, nobody gets hurt, right? C’mon, let’s do this like adults.”
Hazard’s head was shooting up. Past the stratosphere. Past everything, into a vacuum. He hadn’t felt this way since the last night Alec had slapped him around the apartment, the night Hazard had finally decided that enough was enough, that it was time to leave.
“I need to talk to—”
“Well, what are you? Fucking stupid? He’s not talking to you, Em.”
In the background, Hazard could hear Billy’s voice: “Tom, cool it, here, let me—”
“He wants this thing over,” Tom continued. “No, Billy, you don’t have to deal with him anymore. You’ve done enough intimidating, Em. You’ve scared Billy enough. You want to talk to somebody about this, you can talk to me. A clean break, right, Em? That’s what’s best for everybody. Listen, you take a few days, think about this, think about what you were doing to Billy, how you were treating him, what’s best, what’s really the best, and cool off. I’m blocking you from Billy’s phone, all right? You need something, you can call me. You got my number, right?”
It felt like a joke, but like a joke that was happening ten thousand feet below eye-level, where Hazard could understand the humor without finding it funny. 
“I scared Billy? I was treating Billy badly?” Hazard’s throat was dry. The words had a crunchy, crumbling sound. “I was the one, when he was out fucking you whenever he had five free minutes—”
The call disconnected.
Hazard swore and punched in Billy’s number again, but the call went straight to voicemail. A blistering message was on Hazard’s lips. He was ready to tell Billy what he thought of him. He was ready to tell him what he thought of both of them. And then the voicemail dinged, and Hazard opened his mouth—and he suddenly felt himself plummeting, crashing back to earth. He thumbed the disconnect button and dropped his head to the steering wheel.
The hurt was coming. It was only milliseconds behind the crash, and Hazard knew it was coming, knew it was going to turn him inside out. But he still had those milliseconds, time when he wasn’t hurting—just tired, just really, really tired. Enough time for him to dial another number and, when the call picked up, to say, “I need to see you.”

Chapter 36
October 28
Friday
8:45am

The pencil in Somers’s hand snapped. He tossed it onto the growing pile—if he kept it up, there wouldn’t be a whole pencil left in the station. Eyes fixed on the monitor at his desk, Somers waited, waited, waited, and then the clock changed. 8:46. Where the fuck was Hazard?
For what felt like the millionth time, Somers glanced at Cravens’s office. In spite of his words to Hazard earlier, Somers hadn’t gone straight to the chief. He’d gone home, instead, and he’d showered and managed to find a shirt with only one major wrinkle and trousers that could pass for clean at moderate range. And as he’d showered and dressed and stared out the window, he wasn’t seeing the bar of soap or the club tie or the brick snake of Market Street. He was seeing Emery Hazard’s face, at the very end of their last conversation, after Somers’s parting shot about Billy: the look of a man who’d been fatally wounded and who was, frankly, a little relieved, like death might be easier than even five more minutes of whatever passed for life.
So, take John-Henry Somerset for the world’s biggest sucker, but he hadn’t talked to Cravens. He wanted to talk to Hazard first. He had it all planned out: Somers would go to the station, and he was sure he’d find Hazard there. Hazard was always there before him. Somers would insist that they talk. He’d take Hazard to Caribou Coffee. They’d find a booth, and they’d talk this out. All of it. Not just the trouble that Hazard had been brewing—for Christ’s sake, had he really believed Mikey Grames?—but everything about this case too. They’d hash it out, and Somers knew that once they talked, once they really got it all out there, things would get better.
How long, Somers wondered, had Hazard been hurting about Jeff? Somers didn’t know, but he guessed it had been a long time. He remembered, now that he thought more carefully about it, how Hazard had disappeared after Jeff’s death. For a few weeks. Somers had just assumed that Hazard had been lying low, afraid he’d get the same treatment. In that respect, Hazard had been right: Mikey and Hugo had been rearing to have a go at Hazard. Now, though, Somers wasn’t sure that was the case. Hazard wasn’t a coward; he wouldn’t have hidden just to keep himself safe. And when he’d come back to school, when they’d found each other in the locker room, those hadn’t been the actions of a boy who was scared for his safety. No, Somers realized, Emery Hazard had disappeared after Jeff’s death because he’d been grieving. And Somers guessed that Hazard had been grieving every day since. What had Lady Mabbe said? Hazard was trying to ride a devil, but you can’t ride a devil. A devil’s always riding you. In that, as in many other things, Lady Mabbe had turned out to be right: a devil had been riding Emery Hazard for over fifteen years.
Letting out a breath, Somers sagged in his chair. The plan, Somers’s genius plan, was turning out to be totally worthless because Hazard still wasn’t here, and now it was five to nine. A sliver of worry worked its way into Somers’s thinking. Why wasn’t Hazard here? Had he done something stupid? Not suicide, but had he called Cravens’s and resigned? If so, why hadn’t Cravens said anything? Had he run back to St. Louis to be with Billy? Had he drunk himself into a stupor—that was something that seemed more in Somers’s line than Hazard’s, but it was a possibility.
Somers grabbed a pencil off Hazard’s desk. Five more minutes. He’d give Hazard five more minutes.
The pencil only lasted three.
That was it. Somers wasn’t going to sit here like an idiot. He wasn’t going to drive himself crazy. He was going to get something done. He was going to do some actual police work and see if he couldn’t get another angle on the case. He pulled up the file on his computer, flipped open the murder book on his desk, and began browsing through first one, then the other. He had the feeling that he was missing something, something that was right there in front of him. 
“You look like shit.”
Somers glanced up as Swinney perched on the edge of his desk. She held a steaming cup of coffee, and she looked tired. In the morning light, the wrinkles around her eyes were deeper. Swinney was losing a battle—everyone lost that battle—but she was losing it pretty damn hard.
“Thanks,” Somers said.
“Where’s he at?”
“I don’t know.”
“Something wrong?”
“No.”
“Because you sound like there’s something wrong.”
“God, Swinney, no. Nothing’s wrong. Can I have my desk back? I’m trying to work.”
“This the arson murder?”
Somers didn’t answer.
“Where are you at on it?”
“Nowhere. Our suspect skipped town, we found the accomplice dead—and conveniently dismembered so we can’t identify him. We’ve got absolutely nothing, that’s where we’re at.”
“Another dead guy? Christ, this really is a mess.”
“The county picked it up, but they’ll toss it on our plate. As soon as they saw me and Hazard there, they started wagging their little dog tails. They can’t wait to clean their plate.”
“So why does he kill his accomplice?”
“Because he’s a psychopath. Because he’s covering his tracks. Because the other guy farted in the car. How should I know?”
“Geez, you really are pissy today. You need a coffee?”
“I’m waiting for Hazard.”
“Might be waiting a long time.”
“Goodbye, Swinney.”
Swinney flashed her teeth at him and took an inordinately long time getting off the desk and moving across the bullpen. Somers turned back to the murder book. He was missing something, and he’d probably been close to figuring it out when Swinney interrupted. Now he was back at the beginning.
The attack on Naomi, the night before. That should have told him something. It did tell him a few things. It told him that someone wanted Naomi dead. No, Somers thought. He could almost hear Hazard correcting him. It didn’t necessarily mean that. Someone had attacked Naomi’s house. Thrown a Molotov cocktail through the kitchen window. It had started a fire—but if this was the killer, he could have done a lot more to ensure Naomi didn’t survive the night.
Somers fought a wave of frustration. All right, so what did the attack tell him? What were the possibilities? Someone wanted to scare Naomi; that was a definite possibility, but if they wanted to scare her, why break into the house? Someone wanted to kill her—that seemed less likely, especially considering the two missed shots and the Molotov cocktail. A serious killer wouldn’t have waited for Naomi to put out the fire. A serious killer would have either burned the house to the ground and shot Naomi if she tried to escape, or he would have taken the time to put a bullet in her and finished the job. No, it was important that the Molotov cocktail was a distraction. And it was important that the man had gone inside the house, into Naomi’s bedroom, and slashed up the furniture.
Ok, Somers thought with a rush of excitement. He straightened in his chair, fingers blind on the murder book. Ok, now that was something. Someone had wanted to get into Naomi’s house while Naomi was distracted. Someone had wanted to find something that Naomi had hidden. Who? Well, the most likely answer was the murderer. Why? Because, Somers thought, Naomi had something. Something that made her a threat. Naomi, though, wasn’t going to say a word to Somers. Or, for that matter, to any other police officer. So, that left it up to Somers to figure out what Naomi had—or what she knew.
The strange thing, though, was that—as far as Somers knew—no one had threatened Lady Mabbe. He was pretty sure that if anyone had gone near the old woman, she would have raised hell so that you could have smelled it across the state line. Lady Mabbe had insisted, though, that the two men had seen her. She had even claimed that one had taken a shot at her. If the killer was looking at cleaning up loose ends, why hadn’t he gone after Lady Mabbe?
And there it was again, Somers thought, that irritating feeling that he was missing something. What? Something to do with Lady Mabbe? He’d only had the one conversation with her, and since then, he hadn’t heard a word from her. That was a good sign; if Lady Mabbe showed up, it meant she wanted something, and usually that meant money.
But the feeling persisted. Was it something she had said? She had told him about working the corner, and about her view of the trailer. She had told him about the men, about rolling the barrel into the trailer, about the men seeing her, pointing at her. She had run. The shot from the gun.
Somers growled, his fingers knotting around the edge of the desk. He could almost put his finger on it. What else? At the end, she had drawn a swastika in the dust. She had told him the men wore that sign on their—
Now wait. Wait just a minute. They had the devil’s sign, that’s what Lady Mabbe had said. And one man had the tattoo on his arm. The other had it on his neck. That’s what Lady Mabbe had said. Somers fumbled through the murder book until he found the page he was looking for. It was towards the back, one of the more recent photographs they’d acquired. The quality wasn’t great, but the important details were visible: it was a photograph of an arm with a dark—a very dark—swastika tattoo. That was the picture from Lynn Fukuma’s phone, the picture that Chendo Cervantes had texted her, the proof of his sexual conquest of an Ozark Volunteer.
But—Somers shivered like he’d clamped his teeth around a hundred and twenty volts—but the body, the one they’d found at the unmarked campsite, that body had a swastika tattoo on his neck.
Somers flipped through the murder book again, back to the beginning, to one of the earliest images they’d collected. It had originally been a small picture, now blown up and grainy, from Chuckie Armistead’s license. It showed a bald man, a bit overweight, with a hard, unpleasant face. Just visible on the side of his neck was something that might—might—have been a blue tattoo.
It wasn’t confirmation. Not yet, not a hundred percent. But Somers’s heart was pounding. He was onto something. He couldn’t prove it without a better picture, but his gut told him he was right: the dead man they had found in the woods, with his head and hands cut off, was Chuckie Armistead.
That left two important questions: who was the dead man in the trailer? And who was the other man that Lady Mabbe had seen, the man with the swastika tattoo on his arm, the man in the picture that Chendo Cervantes had sent to Fukuma? Somers didn’t know, but he knew where he wanted to start: with the cop who knew the Volunteers better than anyone else.
On the third ring, Upchurch picked up. “Somers?”
“I need a favor.”
“I might need one too,” Upchurch said drily. “I was having a pretty good conversation with your partner last night before he upped and vanished on me. He was telling me about a restaurant he liked in Jeff City.” Upchurch hesitated, and nervousness crept into his voice. “Any chance you’d give me his number so I could ask him?”
“Jesus, Upchurch, I’ll buy you both dinner and get you a hotel room if that’s what you want, but I need your help right now.”
Upchurch was laughing, but the laughter was forced and brittle. “Come on, you can’t make jokes like that. I’m a married man—”
“Oh for hell’s sake—listen. I got an ID. This is huge. But I need to talk to you before I take this to Hazard.”
“You got an ID?”
“Yes. Where are you? Can you come to the station?”
“Cripes, Somers, I’m on my way back from dropping Eldora at the new place in Jeff City. Can you meet me at the house? I’ve got a few more boxes to pick up and then I’m gone for good.”
“Yeah, fine. Fifteen minutes?”
“I don’t know, I’m at least twenty—”
“Drop that pedal and get there in fifteen,” Somers said. “I’m leaving now.”

Chapter 37
October 28
Friday
9:17am

Nico answered the door in a white cotton tank-top and running shorts. It was shocking, somehow, seeing him again—as though Hazard hadn’t been prepared for how good-looking the younger man was, and the feeling left Hazard thinking that he’d made a mistake.
“I shouldn’t have come—”
Leaning against the door, the thick waves of dark hair spilling over his forehead, Nico just smiled, grabbed a handful of Hazard’s jacket, and tugged him into the apartment. Hazard had just enough time to spot the signs of bachelor living—plates in the sink, shoes kicked across the room, a laundry basket tipping precariously on the edge of the sofa—before Nico pressed him up against a wall.
“Is this a booty call,” Nico said, a smile pulling at his lips, “at the start of a workday? I thought it was called a nooner. Or afternoon delight.”
“That’s not—this isn’t—”
Something on Hazard’s face must have caught Nico’s notice because the younger man frowned. “What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know. It’s been a weird morning.”
Nico’s thumb grazed Hazard’s split lip, and Hazard jerked his head away. “Who hit you?”
“Look, this was a mistake. I don’t know what I was thinking.”
A frown brought creases around Nico’s eyes, and Hazard had the feeling that not many men had told him that they were making a mistake. But instead of getting angry, Nico said, “You want to talk?”
Hazard did. It was more than wanting. It was need, it was necessity, it was boiling up inside him and about to shoot the lid off the pot and out somewhere past Mars. He’d spent so long not talking, so long not telling anyone anything. A strangely calm part of his brain, at the very back, suggested that he talk to Somers, but that was crazy. He’d burned that bridge and kicked the ruins into the abyss. Somers would never want anything to do with him again.
“How about some tea?” Nico said when Hazard still hadn’t answered. He gave Hazard a light shove, just enough to start him in the right direction, and Hazard stumbled to a seat at the kitchen table. The apartment must have been a one-bedroom; one door led off the bathroom, and the rest of the space, including the kitchen and the living area, was one long room. From the kitchen, metal clattered and water hissed, and then Nico dropped into the chair next to Hazard.
“Couple minutes,” he said. “So, is this something I did? Like, I came on too strong and you’re thinking you need to let me down easy? Or you talked to your boyfriend and he wants to come down and kick my ass?”
“No.” The words sounded crumpled and dusty. Hazard cleared his throat. “Um, no. It’s not really about you. I mean, I wanted to see you because I—I don’t know. Kind of having a fucked up day, if that makes any sense.”
Humming his assent, Nico looked ready to say something. Then he must have changed his mind because he sat very still and looked at Hazard and waited.
“I don’t really want to talk about it,” Hazard said.
Nico shrugged and folded his hands on the table. Even doing that, somehow he managed to sprawl and take up twice as much room as necessary, all elbows and shoulders.
“Billy broke up with me.” The words burst through the dam Hazard had tried to erect. “He’s been screwing our neighbor for, God, a year? Two? I don’t know. And Somers is pissed at me. And he should be pissed at me, he’s right. I’m the one that was wrong. And it’s—it’s just all gone to hell, ok? Look, these aren’t your problems, and I shouldn’t be bothering you with them. I’ll get going.”
From the kitchen, the kettle whistled. Nico planted a hand on Hazard’s shoulder as he rose. That was all, just his hand on Hazard’s shoulder, but it was enough to keep Hazard rooted. When Nico came back, he was carrying two mugs.
“It’s just chamomile.”
Hazard wrapped his hands around the ceramic. Heat soaked into his hands, pulsing in his joints. It was hot enough to cook eggs on the asphalt, but somehow, in this air-conditioned room, it felt good to hold something hot between his hands.
Settling next to Hazard, Nico blew on his tea and watched Hazard through the steam. “You want to cry? Chamomile’s pretty good for a cry.”
“I don’t cry.”
“You want to break something? I’ve still got a shitload of Chendo’s stuff. You’d be doing me a favor.”
A smile cracked Hazard’s lips. “Why did I stay with him? I knew, and I just stayed. And then today, I called, ready to apologize, and it was over. Like that. Something better came along, and he was done with me. And I don’t even care about Billy. Tom can deal with all of his bullshit now, fine, that’s great. I just feel like shit that I stayed. Aren’t you going to say anything?”
Nico shrugged. The muscles in his shoulders and upper back, exposed by the tank-top, rippled. “Not a chance.”
“Just the tea, huh?”
“Look, man, I’ve been through enough breakups that I know when to keep my mouth shut.”
“Great.”
“Normally,” Nico said with a smirk, “this is the point where I’d throw you a pity fuck, but . . .”
“That’s off the table because I’m a cop?”
The smirk eased into a thoughtful, careful expression. “It’s off the table because you are the only decent gay man I’ve ever met, and I’d like to ask you on a date. Like, a real one.” Nico stretched, and more coiled, coppery muscle shifted across his chest. “When you’re not still hung up about this loser ex-boyfriend, I mean.”
Hazard nodded and slid the mug of tea across the table.
“Is that a yes?” Nico said, prodding his arm.
In spite of the pain and frustration, a genuine smile worked the edges of Hazard’s mouth. “You have to ask me first.”
“Holy shit,” Nico said, jaw dropping. “Holy shit, ladies and gentlemen, the big butch cop is a tease.”
“All right.”
“A grade-A tease.”
“I should go.”
“Hold on, hold on. I was going to call you anyway. I’ve got something to show you.”
“Uh, Nico—”
“I mean about the case. About Chendo.”
“Oh.”
“You said your partner was mad at you. About the case? Did something happen?”
“Yeah, something happened. We hit a dead end. Literally, in this case. If Chendo’s still out there, we lost him. His phone showed up on a trailer, and nobody’s seen him. Why? Did you he contact you again?”
Nico was shaking his head. He fumbled with the tea for a moment, unwilling to meet Hazard’s eyes, and a flush rose into his cheeks. “I was, well, I was looking through his pictures.”
“The ones from the weekend? The ones his phone had uploaded?”
The flush in Nico’s cheeks darkened. “No. These were older. Over the last few months. The phone uploads all of them automatically, and I had the password, and I was just—”
Hazard stayed silent; he certainly wasn’t going to be the one who said it.
Nico spared him, though, by expelling a fierce breath. “So I’m still hung up on him, ok? Just like you. You don’t have to be so goddamn smug about it.”
Smug?
“The pictures?” Hazard asked. “You saw something?”
“Well, kind of.”
“What do you mean?”
“I saw something that wasn’t there. Don’t get that look, I’m going to explain. When I got back to the pictures from September, I found a whole bunch that Chendo had taken during the march.”
“The Ozark Volunteers’ march?”
“Yeah, Chendo was there. And when it got crazy and the fighting started, he was right out in the middle of all of it. I had to bail him out. Disturbing the peace, disorderly conduct, assault, it was a nightmare. It was just Chendo’s thing, though—he liked the fight, and he liked feeling like he was a hero or a martyr or something messed up like that.”
“So what’d you see?”
“Well, after I bailed Chendo out, he posted a ton of the pictures online. Facebook and Instagram, a few on Twitter. Proof of his cred as a street fighter, I guess, and as an activist. But one of the ones he posted was missing.”
“It was missing from the uploads?” Hazard shook his head and rotated the mug in his hands. The heat was fading, and his knuckles felt swollen and sore again. “Come on, Nico. One picture from months ago, one out of hundreds? You’re sure you aren’t mixing it up with something else?”
“Oh, I’m sure. See, Chendo and I had a huge fight about this picture. It was kind of the beginning of the end, you know, and so I definitely remember it. And it wasn’t there, totally vanished.”
“So Chendo deleted it after you got in a fight.”
“He took it down from Facebook and Instagram. I told him that if he didn’t, we were done. He might have deleted the original—he said he did, but I doubt it. But going into an automatic archive to delete the backed-up copy? No way. I didn’t even know he had his pictures backing up, and I didn’t care. For me, it wasn’t about the picture. It was about what he’d posted with it.”
“What?”
“I took a screenshot and sent it to my brother. I was mad, and I wanted someone who would let me bitch about Chendo.” Nico fumbled with his phone, scrolling through messages. “Give me a second, you’ll see.”
“What made you so angry? If it wasn’t the picture itself, I mean.”
“Chendo’s comment on the picture was, Look at this hottie. If everything goes to plan, you’re looking at husband number one.”
“Wow.”
“Yeah, he was a real charmer. So, obviously I remembered that picture. And when I realized it wasn’t in the backup archive, I started to wonder why. No chance Chendo had gone back and deleted it because I was pissed; Chendo just wanted me to shut up, he didn’t care how I felt. He certainly didn’t feel bad about posting the comment. But then I thought, what if it wasn’t a joke? What if that was the guy—or one of the guys—he was cheating with? So I found the screenshot and looked at it. It’s, uh—look, you’re going to be cool about this, right?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, can I trust you?”
With some surprise, Hazard realized that Nico was genuinely worried. “What is it?”
“Well, when I looked at the picture, I realized I recognized one of the guys. Definitely someone that would have caught Chendo’s eye. And someone who might be, I don’t know how to put this, like, getting some ass on the side. Do you know what I mean?”
Hazard’s chest tightened. “Let me see the picture.”
“I’m not saying he did anything. I’m not accusing anyone of anything. You get that, right? I just wanted to show you. I just thought you’d want to see.”
Wordlessly, Hazard stretched out a hand.
After another moment of nervous hesitation, Nico slapped his phone into Hazard’s palm. The picture on the screen had been taken from the back seat of a car—a patrol car, Hazard guessed, where Chendo Cervantes had been detained during the fighting at the Volunteers’ march. Through the car window, the picture captured the aftermath of the fray: a line of handcuffed men and women, and behind them, what looked like most of the Wahredua PD. Standing slightly off-center, his blond hair catching the sunlight, grinning as he talked to his former partner, stood John-Henry Somerset.

Chapter 38
October 28
Friday
9:44am

Somers knocked on Upchurch’s door for the third time. The heat was really getting started, and sweat soaked his hair and shirt. Fifteen minutes, twenty minutes, twenty-five minutes. Upchurch’s car was here, but there was no answer. Somers took a step back, staring up at the house. Sunlight glinted on the windows, turning the glass into white flares and blocking any view of what might be happening inside. Jesus, it was hot.
Had Upchurch said they were taking his wife’s car? Somers couldn’t remember. He rattled the knob, hoping the door might open—at least he could wait inside, assuming the A/C was still running—but it was locked.
With a sigh, Somers made his way around the house. The back door was worth a try. Somers had the vague impression that Upchurch liked to leave the back door unlocked—it was a glass slider, and it opened onto a patio with a grill and an above-ground swimming pool. Somers wiped his forehead. If the day got any hotter, he’d forget about Armistead and Chendo and the murder case and he’d just strip down and go swimming.
The glass slider, though, was locked as well, and through the door Somers could see that the house had been emptied. Nothing on the counters, nothing in the next room. Whatever Upchurch was coming back for, Somers couldn’t figure why they hadn’t taken it on the first trip.
Maybe it was in the garage. And, if Somers had any luck, maybe the garage door would be open. He went around to the side of the house, where a door led into the garage. He tried the handle. Locked.
Well, it was just that kind of day.
Then Somers noticed that the door wasn’t sitting quite right. It hung off-kilter, and when he bent closer, he saw that the latch clipped the edge of the strike plate. It wasn’t locked, Somers realized—not really. Or better said, it was locked, but the lock wasn’t set in anything. With a grin, Somers bumped the door open with his shoulder and stepped into the garage.
The garage had been emptied of cars and shelves and even the outdoor refrigerator that Somers had been half-hoping would be stocked with a few cold drinks. Red dirt covered the floor, and it had been haphazardly swept into a pile with a great deal of kitty litter. The air smelled like clay dust and moldy grass clippings and something else. Something harsher, almost chemical. Somers knew he had smelled it before.
His brain began to click rapidly, and Somers strode around the garage. He took slow, deep breaths. He wasn’t sure what he was trying to smell—he wasn’t even sure why it was important—but something deep inside him recognized that odor and knew, somehow, that it was crucial. He came to a stop near the kitty litter and dirt that had been swept to the center of the garage, and he hunkered down.
It was just kitty litter. The cheap stuff, basically just clay, the kind people threw down to soak up motor oil. And the dirt was just dirt. But a bell was ringing, and Somers’s brain was clicking. He ran a finger through the red dust. He had seen it before, but not in Wahredua. Wahredua, and most of the area around, had rich, black soil. Soil perfect for farming. But he had seen this before. Where?
After another moment of trying to remember, Somers scooped up a few grains of the litter. To his surprise, though, the litter felt dry and powdery—no trace of greasiness. And the litter was still a pale gray color. Somers swept a hand through the litter. There was no sign, in fact, that the litter had ever been used to soak up oil. And that made sense, Somers realized. Upchurch was fanatical about his vehicles. He never would have let one of his cars leak oil, not consistently, not enough that he’d need kitty litter to soak it up. Especially not the Mustang—
Then Somers remembered where he’d seen the red dirt: on the Mustang’s tires. And that was strange, now that he thought about it, because Upchurch had been driving back and forth to Jeff City, and even if he’d been driving on dirt roads, he never would have picked up that color dust, not like the coating that had covered the Impala when they’d—
When they’d reached the campground. Somers shivered and forced himself to take a full breath. Yes, this dirt was just like the red dirt that they’d seen at the campground. The same campground where they’d found Charles Armistead’s mutilated body.
Somers wanted to dust off his hands, get to his feet, and put this whole mess behind him. He still could, a nasty voice whispered. He could leave. He could close his eyes, tell himself he was making too much of things, that he was imagining it, just like—
—he had with Jeff Langham—
—he had that first day on the job, when Lender had convinced him he was covered in coke. Maybe it was just like that. Maybe this was just a gag, just some weird goof, and Somers didn’t have to take the bait, he could just walk away and close his eyes.
But he didn’t. He scooped a handful of the litter, brought it to his nose, and inhaled. Now he recognized the odor. It was familiar, stinging, and it made his head spin. Mineral spirits. More commonly called paint thinner.
The click of the door reached him too late. Somers spun, reaching for the Glock, and then froze.
Upchurch aimed a gun at Somers, his hands steady, his freckled complexion furrowed in a mixture of disappointment and frustration. The scalp under his thinning hair was shiny with sweat. Upchurch let out a breath and shook his head. “Now, John-Henry, let’s not do anything stupid.”

Chapter 39
October 28
Friday
9:47am

Somers wasn’t answering his phone. With a frustrated growl, Hazard disconnected and dialed the desk number. Something was wrong. It was just a feeling, and Hazard hated feelings, but he couldn’t deny this one: something was way the fuck wrong.
“What is it?” Nico asked for what felt like the hundredth time. He was wringing his slender, artistic hands and pacing back and forth. “Do you think it’s him? He’s the guy?”
Hazard ignored him. Ten rings. Twelve. Fourteen. Another growl was building in Hazard’s throat, and he was about to punch the disconnect button when a woman’s voice came on the line.
“Wahredua PD.”
“Swinney?”
“Who’s this?”
“Hazard. Where’s Somers?”
“Where are you? He’s been waiting since eight. Looks like he’s sitting on nails, and at the rate he’s going, we’re going to be lucky if he leaves us a single pencil.”
Hazard had no idea what that meant, so he ignored it. “He’s there? I need to talk to him.”
“No, he left, I don’t know. Twenty, maybe thirty minutes ago. Where are you? You need a tow?”
“What? No. Where’d he go?”
“We don’t exactly keep a log. Why don’t you call him? I’ve got to—”
“Swinney, he’s not answering, and I need to talk to him.”
“Geez, what’s going on? Somers in trouble?”
Hazard hesitated. If he spoke now, he might permanently damage Somers’s reputation—even if there Hazard turned out to be wrong. Worse, though, was the possibility that, if Hazard told Swinney and turned the department loose on Somers, Hazard would never have a chance to confront his partner. He needed that chance. After everything that had happened, Hazard needed to look John-Henry Somerset in the eyes and, a dark part of Hazard realized, he needed to decide if he should pull the trigger.
“No, not trouble, but I’ve got a break. Maybe a huge one.”
“Oh yeah?” It was obvious that she wanted the scoop.
“You’ve got no idea where he is?”
Irritated silence answered, and then, “He was talking to Upchurch.”
A burr of fear lodged in Hazard’s chest. “Got to go.”
“You’re welcome, ass—”
He disconnected. “Do you still have any of Chendo’s pictures? Pictures of him, I mean, not pictures he took.”
“I—yeah. I do.” Nico took back his phone, swiped at the screen, and presented it to Hazard. “That good?”
Hazard glanced at it, pinched the screen to zoom, and shook his head. He thought he could see it. “Any others?”
“What are you looking for?”
“Do you have any others?”
“Yeah, sure. Here. Just swipe.”
Hazard ran his thumb across the screen, scrolling through a series of pictures: by the tenth picture, Hazard knew he was right. It was there in every single picture.
Clutching the phone, Hazard pushed his way towards the door.
“Hold on,” Nico said, trailing after him. “It’s him, isn’t it? Oh my God, it’s him. I’m coming with you.”
“You aren’t.”
“Damn right I am. It’s my phone, and I’m the one that—”
Hazard spun. Because he was big, most people assumed he was slow, and that worked to his advantage. He grabbed a tangle of Nico’s tank-top and swung the younger man close enough that they were nose to nose.
“Listen to me very carefully. I’m taking your phone. You’re staying here. If I have to duct tape you to the chair, you’re staying here. You’re very brave, and you’re very smart, but if you fight with me about this, you’re going to lose. Do you understand?”
Nico swallowed, and it took him a long moment to respond. “Yeah. Yeah, ok, I understand.” Then he cleared his throat and, in a stronger voice, added, “I like a take-charge guy, but let’s save the kink for our second date.” He must have seen the confusion on Hazard’s face because he smirked. “You know, the whole tying me up game?”
Hazard shook his head, carefully released the tank-top, and sprinted to his car.
It made sense. At least, part of it made sense. In every picture with a clear shot of Chendo, Hazard had seen the silver necklace around Chendo’s neck. And at the ME’s office, Hazard had noticed the silver fused to the clavicle of the arson victim. The fire might have been hot enough to burn away flesh, but it hadn’t been hot enough to melt silver. And now Hazard knew that the man burned in the fire had been Chendo Cervantes—at least, he was pretty sure. They’d have to request dental records, but Hazard felt certain in his gut; he’d found their victim.
That meant that the killer had taken Chendo’s phone and used it to convince Nico that Chendo was still alive. He might have even used the phone to make Chendo look like the killer—the strange texts to Nico and Fukuma, the implication of guilt, maybe even the video of the fight. That video showed not what Hazard and Nico had assumed—a fight in which Chendo killed someone—but the opposite: it showed Chendo Cervantes being murdered. Jesus. Hazard hammered the wheel. He’d fallen for it.
Horns blared as Hazard swerved into oncoming traffic, dropping his foot to the pedal to pass the car in front of him. A moment later he was back in his lane and speeding through Wahredua. His mind raced even faster than the car. Chuckie Armistead, Hazard was beginning to suspect, was the dead man they had found at the campground. Hazard didn’t have any way of proving it, not yet, but it made sense because Armistead provided the perfect combination of suspect and victim. A man with few photographs, no dental records, a reputation for hate crimes and a passionate desire to avoid any public record of his existence—he was an easy man to frame as a murderer. And an easy man to make the possible victim of a disfiguring crime.
The real question, though, the question that Hazard’s mind darted back to again and again, nipping at the answer and then darting away, was the identity of the killer. Was it Somers? Hazard’s breath knotted, and his big knuckles popped and whitened around the steering wheel. It made sense, in some ways. Somers had some sort of weird closet-case syndrome going on—it was obvious that he was bi, at least, from the way he’d reacted to Hazard’s kisses. And Somers also had a history of hate crimes. Involuntarily, Hazard’s mind flashed back to the high school stairs, to the shock when Somers’s hand flattened on his chest, to the brief, instant-long flush of arousal at the feel of Somers’s touch, at the memory of what had passed between them in the locker room, before Hazard had realized that something was wrong, something was very wrong, and the force of Somers’s shove sent Hazard off the landing and tumbling down the steps.
Yes, Hazard thought, his breathing knotting tighter and tighter in his chest, yes, it was very possible that Somers was the killer. And there were other things, too. Somers had told Hazard that Lady Mabbe had seen two men, one with a tattoo on his neck and one with a tattoo on his arm. They’d found the man with the neck tattoo. Could John-Henry, with his tattoo sleeves, be the other man? It seemed possible. After all, Lady Mabbe had been standing on the other side of the street. It would have been easy to assume that the tattoos on Somers’s arms were the markings of the Ozark Volunteers.
Market Street and Warhedua’s semblance at an urban center dropped behind Hazard. He was still speeding, going almost fifty down residential streets, tree-lined, shady streets, where he should have done thirty max. But his fingers had turned to pins and needles, and he was thinking about the past and the present, thinking about what it would feel like to pull his gun on Somers, thinking that he had to find the man now, right now.
As he turned onto Upchurch’s street, Hazard saw the Impala parked up ahead. Doubt suddenly gnawed at Hazard’s mind. There were things that didn’t make sense. Things that didn’t fit with Somers being the killer. Deep in Hazard’s gut, deep where he couldn’t ignore it, he felt unstable. Had Somers been there when they hurt Jeff or hadn’t he? Had Somers killed Chendo Cervantes and Chuckie Armistead, or hadn’t he?
Hazard parked his car behind the Impala. The familiar, arctic cold was blowing through him again, carrying away doubt and certainty and hope and fear, leaving behind only control and resolve. Drawing the .38 from its holster, Hazard got out of the car and started towards the back of the house.

Chapter 40
October 28
Friday
10:01am

Upchurch kept the gun steady on Somers. Sweat still shone under his thinning hair and drew circles under his arms. But the nerves—if he was nervous—didn’t show in his hands. His hands were rock-steady, which was just Somers’s luck.
“No,” Upchurch said as Somers tried to reach for the Glock. “Put your hands up real slow. I know where you keep the gun, John-Henry. We were partners for a few good years, and you don’t strike me as someone who likes change.”
“You did this.”
“Did what? I said slow, John-Henry. Arms big and wide. That’s right, good boy.”
“Fuck you.”
“C’mon, let’s not end it like this.” Upchurch shuffled sideways, the gun still trained on Somers. “Get down on the floor.”
“You shoot me here, and everybody will know it was you. They all knew I was coming here.”
Upchurch snorted. “Swinney and Lender? They couldn’t catch a cold if they were naked at the South Pole.”
“Hazard knows, and he’s a hell of a lot better detective than any of us.”
“John-Henry, please don’t make the mistake of thinking I’m an idiot. The best thing that could ever happen to Hazard is if you disappeared. Now get down on the floor.”
Somers shook his head and began to edge towards the door, which Upchurch had abandoned. “No. Any blood, even just a drop, and it’ll show up like it’s the fucking noonday sun. You don’t want that, not with your cushy new job.”
“You’re right.” Upchurch bent and, from behind the steps that led up into the house, he pulled a foot-long wrecking bar. “Now this can happen one of two ways. That door is locked, and I’ll get to you before you can break it down. And then I’ll break your legs and your arms and I might just go to town on your ribs. I can spend a long time hurting you before I get anywhere close to drawing blood. I can make this last a really long time, John-Henry, and I don’t want to do that. Not to a friend.”
“A friend? Jesus Christ, you’re insane.”
“Listen, I’ll make it so it doesn’t hurt at all. I’ve got some pills in the car. You take a couple handfuls, you’ll go to sleep, I’ll leave you in your car somewhere you like. Out by the bluffs, maybe. That’s better than what most people get.” 
“Most people don’t get murdered by their partner. Why’d you do it? Armistead, I understand that part. He helped you—you probably told him you’d made a mistake, you needed him, you’d be in his debt. Armistead probably got a boner just thinking about having state police in his pocket, so he said yes. And as soon as he’d helped you get the paint thinner into the trailer, you shot him, dragged him out to the country, and did your best to make sure we’d never know who he was.”
“Get down on the floor, John-Henry.”
“You probably hoped no one would ever find the body—the best thing for you was when we had no idea who the first victim even was—but you had a backup plan. Chendo’s phone. You used it to make it look like Chendo had killed Armistead. The second body, that was just supposed to be the other Volunteer, the one Lady Mabbe saw. You figured we’d assume two Volunteers were dead and Chendo Cervantes was gone, vanished, in the wind.”
“Get down on the floor.”
“Did you use henna on your arm? I bet if I look real close, I can still see where you painted on the tattoo. And I bet there’s a bald cap in a bag of garbage somewhere. You did everything right. You made it look like there were two bald Volunteers at the trailer, and Armistead went along with the plan because—what? Did he take some pictures of you? He must have wanted some kind of evidence so he could blackmail you.”
“Get down on the floor. Right now.”
“But what I don’t understand, what I don’t get, is the kid. Did he blow you and you freaked out? You don’t act real macho, but it’s always the quiet ones who surprise you. Was that it? Couldn’t stand the fact that you liked your pecker in a guy’s mouth?”
“That mother-fucker wanted me to leave Eldora,” Upchurch shouted, waving the pistol in rage. “He thought we were in love. He thought this was some kind of fairytale. That sick little fucker is the one who liked putting that swastika on my arm. It got him hot, made him do stuff you wouldn’t believe, just pretending that he was getting banged by a Volunteer. And when I told him to take it easy, he threatened me. He said he had pictures. He said he was going to take it all to Eldora, show her what I really wanted, and then I’d be forced to take him because he’d be all I had left, and I—”
Whatever else Upchurch might have said was lost when the door behind him—the door into the house—swung open. Upchurch began to swing around, the pistol coming up, but Hazard was there, the .38 in his hand already drawing a bead on Upchurch. Somers seized Upchurch’s momentary distraction and whipped the Glock from the small of his back.
“Slow,” Hazard said. “Both of you take it real slow.”
Relief painted Upchurch’s face. “Detective Hazard, thank God.” Upchurch pivoted slowly and carefully to face Somers. “Your partner, he’s gone completely crazy. He’s trying to frame me for the murder, and he would have killed me if I hadn’t been carrying my gun.”
“Bullshit,” Somers said. “Upchurch, don’t move. Don’t even fucking blink. Hazard, take his gun.”
Hazard’s eyes closed slowly, and when they widened, they were filled with rage. Somers felt his mouth dry up, and he forgot the rest of what he was going to say.
“Detective Hazard, he’s crazy,” Upchurch was saying. “You can’t let him—”
Hazard spoke over Upchurch, directing his words to Somers. “Drop the gun.”
“What?” Somers said. “You’ve got to be shitting me. Take his gun, for Christ’s sake.”
“Drop the gun right now, Somers. I won’t ask you again.” The .38 in Hazard’s hand moved with uncanny precision towards Somers. “Do it.”
Somers knew death when he saw it, and right then he was seeing it in Emery Hazard’s face. “Fine. But take Upchurch’s gun too. We’ll go to the station and figure this out.”
Hazard nodded. He held out a hand to Upchurch, and with a sigh, Upchurch slapped his pistol into Hazard’s hand. Somers exhaled in relief.
“Now you,” Hazard said.
“You’ve got to be the worst partner in the history of crime. Or in the history of the world. I don’t know, whichever is longer. There.” Somers set his Glock on the ground. “Happy?”
“Kick it away.”
“Come on, you’re—”
“Now, Somers.”
“Christ Almighty.” Somers kicked the Glock, and it skidded towards the wall. He held his hands up. “Are you going to put cuffs on me.”
“I think that would be smart.” Hazard tucked Upchurch’s gun into his waistband and, still holding the .38 on Somers, advanced towards his partner. Worry trickled down Somers’s spine like ice-water. This was unreal. This couldn’t be happening. As Hazard crossed the room, Somers tried to think clearly. When they got to the station, they’d explain everything to Cravens. But—but maybe Somers had missed something. Maybe Upchurch had been cleverer than Somers had realized. Why else would Hazard believe that Somers could be the killer?
When Hazard was only a step away from Somers, close enough that Somers could feel the heat pouring off the bigger man’s body and smell the starch of his shirt and the pomade in his hair, the detective grabbed Somers’s wrist. Hazard started to spin Somers toward the wall, and then Upchurch cleared his throat. “That’s a good stopping point, boys. Don’t either of you move.”
Over Hazard’s shoulder, Somers saw what he’d missed earlier. With a fat grin on his face, Upchurch held a small handgun—something he’d concealed, Somers realized. An ankle holster, most likely. 
“He’s got a gun,” Somers said to Hazard. “Another one.”
“I figured.” Hazard stood like a statue, but through his grip on Somers’s wrist, Somers could feel the invisible tremors running through the bigger man. Fear, or adrenaline, most likely both.
“Kind of wish you’d trusted me. Didn’t really plan on dying today.”
“Fuck off.”
“Well, if it’s any consolation,” Upchurch said, “you won’t die here. Let’s get both of you in the car. Detective Hazard, I’m afraid I just don’t trust you to behave, so you’ll have to ride in the trunk. Detective Somerset, I think you can be persuaded to be . . . peaceable.”
Somers barely heard Upchurch. He knew the man had a gun. He knew his life was about to be smudged out. But his gaze was on Hazard, and Somers realized, with a start, that Hazard was staring back at him with a pale fire burning in his scarecrow eyes. Those eyes demanded Somers’s attention. And then, to Somers’s surprise, the eyes flicked down towards the gun at Hazard’s waist.
“Detective Hazard,” Upchurch said. “Now it’s your turn to drop your weapon. Please do it before things get out of hand.”
“Just like fucking high school,” Hazard said. As he dropped the gun, in the fraction of a second when Upchurch’s attention was fixed on the falling piece of metal, he brought Somers’s hand to rest on his chest. Exactly over his heart, Somers realized, feeling taut, sculpted muscle and the furious pounding of Hazard’s pulse.
The words echoed in Somers’s ears: just like high school. Just like high school. Just like—
Oh.
Somers shoved, just like he’d shoved Hazard down the stairs all those years. His free hand dipped down, snagging the pistol tucked into Hazard’s waistband. Hazard hit the ground, tucking his shoulder and rolling into the fall so that he came up on both feet. Somers pulled the trigger. Nothing happened. An icy wave of panic crashed over Somers; the safety was on.
Hazard didn’t look at Somers, but Somers could feel his surprise. They’d lost their momentary advantage. Upchurch wavered, the gun dipping towards Hazard for an instant. Somers thumbed the safety, but he knew he was going to be too late. Upchurch was already bringing his gun back towards Somers. He’d take down Somers and then kill Hazard. Two shots, that’s all it would take.
Then Hazard roared and charged. Upchurch flinched. His gun jerked sideways, an instinctive reaction to the large, fast-moving threat. A gunshot exploded through the garage, and Hazard wobbled.
The safety on Somers’s gun slid clear. His index finger tightened. The pistol bucked in his hands, and a second gunshot clapped.
Upchurch’s head rocked back. Blood, bone, and brain sprayed the door to the house and the wall of the garage. After a moment, his legs quivered and then seemed to dissolve beneath him, and he slid to lie across the steps, the ruined back of his head rolling towards Somers.
Nausea tightened Somers’s throat, but he forced down the bile. Against the far wall, Hazard slumped, barely able to keep his feet. He clamped one big hand over his shoulder, but a dark stain was already spreading across his chest.
“Jesus Christ,” Somers said, darting towards his partner. He caught Hazard and helped him to the ground. “Hold on. You’re going to be ok.” Somers dug through his pocket, found his phone, and dialed 911. “Officer involved shooting,” he shouted into the receiver. Then he rattled off Upchurch’s address, dropped the phone next to them, and slid out of his jacket. Wadding up the fabric, he pressed it to Hazard’s chest. “Hey. Keep your eyes open.”
Hazard’s eyelids fluttered, and Somers noticed for the first time the long, dark lashes. Those eyes—the color of corn at the end of summer, the color of honey, the color of cats’ eyes—blinked sleepily, but when Hazard spoke, his voice was hard and full of scorn.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” he asked. “You never held a gun before?”
“Why the hell would you put the safety on?” Somers asked, fighting a wave of panic as he leaned into the wound to increase the pressure. There was a lot of blood, an awful lot of blood. “Why the hell didn’t you trust me and arrest Upchurch?”
“I wasn’t sure,” Hazard said. Those liquid, golden eyes fluttered again. “Had to wait for him. Besides, why the fuck would I put a loaded gun in my pants with no safety?”
In the distance, Somers heard sirens, and he felt a laugh—or maybe a sob—break in his chest. “You’re a lunatic. You know that, right?”
Hazard’s eyes snapped open, the gold as hot as sunlight, and he raised one hand. With a bloody thumb, he traced the line of Somers’s cheekbone. “Jesus, you’re beautiful. I’ve wanted to tell you that for twenty years.” He took a breath, coughed, and shuddered with the pain. “I’m sorry for what I said. What I did.”
Another sob cracked inside Somers’s chest. “You think you’re going to get off easy with an apology and a compliment? No way. Not a chance.” The sirens were louder now, screaming now, screaming so that they almost drowned out the screaming inside Somers’s head. “You and I have a lot to talk about. Days and weeks and years of talking, and that’s just to start. You’ve got a hell of a lot more to do before I’m done with you. Open your eyes, God damn you. Open your eyes!”
Hazard’s blood-stained fingers gripped Somers’s jaw the way they had that horrible night before, but now the touch was gentle, and the scarecrow eyes were buried under half-closed lids. “So beautiful,” was all Hazard managed to say before his hand dropped to his side. “And so goddamn thick sometimes.” His lips curled in a half-smile. “I’m fine, Somers. I’m not going anywhere.”
And then the EMTs were there, pushing Somers to the side, snipping away Hazard’s shirt, wheeling in the tools of their trade and setting to work. Swinney was there, too, and Lender, and even Cravens. Somers blinked, trying to take it all in, not understanding a single word any of them were saying, not even Cravens. Finally, they left him alone with Swinney, who was content not to say anything until the EMTs transferred Hazard to the gurney and wheeled him towards the ambulance.
Swinney produced a wet wipe from her purse and took Somers by the elbow. “I’ll drive you. You’ve got blood on your face.”
Waving away the offered wipe, Somers reached up, touched the prints left by Hazard’s fingers, with the crazy thought that he’d never wash his face, never wash it again, as long as Hazard was ok. He tried to breathe. “I know.”

Chapter 41
October 31
Monday
2:34pm

After Hazard’s third attempt to escape the hospital, Cravens had issued an ultimatum.
“I can check myself out of here whenever I want,” Hazard said, ignoring the throbbing pain in his shoulder and the frustrated looks of the hospital staff. The bullet had clipped his shoulder, taking out a nice sized piece of flesh, missing bone and artery. The worst of the trauma, Hazard thought, was the bruising—he looked like he’d been kicked by a mule, or maybe a whole herd of them. But he was able to stand on his own two feet. As far as Hazard was concerned, it was time he went back to the Bridal Veil Motor Court. And, more importantly, back to work. “I’m fine.”
“If you want a job,” Cravens had said, “you’ll stay here until the doctors discharge you. Is that clear?”
It was clear. Cravens, though, hadn’t seemed satisfied. She had insisted that someone stay with Hazard. At first, she had proposed a rotating schedule of uniformed staff. Hazard had countered with what he felt like was a fair offer: nobody. Cravens reminded him about his job and suggested he wrack his brains a little harder. After three phone calls, Hazard decided he wouldn’t mind if Nico Flores came every once in a while.
“If he’s not doing anything and if he doesn’t mind. Otherwise, I don’t want anybody sticking their noses in my business.”
Cravens must have figured that was the best she was going to get, and Nico had shown up Saturday afternoon. He had left only to bathe, change clothes, and pick up new stacks of DVDs.
“What do you like?” Nico had asked. “Sitcoms? Drama?”
“I don’t know.”
“What was the last thing you watched? Something you liked.”
“A documentary on nineteenth-century glue manufacturing.”
Nico had just sighed. “I’ll see what the library has.”
The Wahredua library, it turned out, had a lot of documentaries. Nico, it turned out, did a lot of napping while the documentaries were playing. He looked particularly sweet—and painfully young—with his long frame sprawled over a pair of hospital chairs and his eyes closed. Hazard did a lot of stewing. Until now, Nico had kept things strictly friendly: he laughed a lot, and he sat close to the hospital bed, and his big, dark eyes seemed to drink up Hazard, but he hadn’t made a move. What would Hazard do when Nico wanted more? And that wasn’t the only thing that was wearing on Hazard’s nerve, hour by hour, like fine-grade sandpaper.
Where the hell was Somers?
He pushed the question away again and again, but it kept coming back. Even in the middle of the most fascinating shows: the history of Canadian buttons, for example, with three hours of additional commentary. Right in the middle, when they were touring a World War I-era button factory in south-central Winnipeg, the damn question had popped up again. Where was Somers?
By Sunday, it was bothering Hazard so much that he was picking fights with Nico. By Monday afternoon, Nico had moved his chairs into the hall and was taking his naps there.
It was during one of Nico’s naps, while Hazard was wrapping up the director’s cut of a film on the textual afterlives of twelfth-century lay Christian breviaries—gripping, really gripping, but it just couldn’t hold his attention—when a shadow fell across the linoleum.
Naomi Malsho stood in the doorway. Hazard wasn’t sure if she had timed her entrance—he wouldn’t put it past her—but the sun hit her at just the right angle, highlighting the delicate bone structure in her wrists and ankles and face. Today she wore a herringbone skirt with a white blouse and pearl buttons. She’d pulled her hair into a dark bun, exposing the lines of her neck and shoulders. The message, for Hazard, was clear: today, Naomi Malsho meant business. It didn’t mean, however, that she didn’t still look damn good.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t come any earlier,” Naomi said.
“Bullshit.”
Her mouth tightened and then, with obvious effort, went smooth. “A friend?” she asked, tilting her head to the hallway where Nico slept.
“Yes.”
“Young. Even for you and your . . . predilections.”
“Naomi, if I wanted to fence with you, if I wanted to hear whatever homophobic shit you’re ready to babble, then this conversation would already be a real treat. But I don’t.” Hazard studied the woman. “What have you been up to? Let me guess. You went to the Bridal Veil Motor Court. You went through my stuff. You might have even paid someone to go through my desk at work. You’ve been trying to find something to blackmail me. You’ve been trying to figure out if I really knew something. How am I doing so far?”
Naomi settled into a chair next to the bed, looking perfectly at ease in the molded plastic as though it were, instead, some chic confection of steel and leather. She folded her hands neatly in her lap. “Your captain’s son. That’s . . . unfortunate.”
In spite of himself, Hazard felt the old pain. “He was young and stupid. His pride got hurt and he wanted to teach me a lesson. That’s the end of it. You can’t blackmail me with something everyone knows.”
“Not everyone knows.”
It took a moment for comprehension to set in. “Somers? Tell him. I don’t care.”
“We’ll see.” Naomi shifted her weight, as though she were about to rise.
In spite of himself, Hazard laughed. “You really do have ice in your veins, don’t you? You’re not even going to ask. I call you, I tell you I know about you and Upchurch, and you still look like you’re the one holding all the aces. All right.”
“You don’t know anything about me and Upchurch because there isn’t anything to know. I helped Upchurch occasionally, yes. He sent you to me. That information would be damaging if people knew, but it wouldn’t be the end of my career—or the end of my position with the Volunteers. Anything else you think you know—”
“Upchurch kept recordings.”
Those words struck the color from Naomi’s face.
Hazard continued, praying that her fear would make her believe the lies he was about to tell: “We found them, Somers and I. That’s why Upchurch was coming back to the house, to recover them. And they’re very interesting. Lots of them with you. There’s even a conversation where you talk about Chuckie Armistead.”
Hazard paused, but Naomi—still pallid, her knuckles pinkish-gray as they popped out along her fists—said nothing.
“I wondered about a few things. Upchurch killed Chendo Cervantes. Upchurch told us as much—that Chendo was pressuring him, intended to blackmail him, and that they fought. I don’t know if the killing was accidental or not. Most likely not, but I suppose we’ll never know. And then—and then Upchurch had a problem. A dead gay boy. Enough to put Upchurch in prison, and that would be a bad place for a cop, especially a gay one. 
“But Upchurch was resilient and resourceful and smart, and he came up with a plan. He’d destroy the body, make it difficult to identify—and, on top of that, he’d make it doubly difficult by misleading us and making us think it was a different dead man. That, that was really a stroke of genius because Chuckie Armistead didn’t have dental records, so we couldn’t prove anything either way.”
Still silence from Naomi. She was breathing through her nose. Her eyes narrowed to slits.
“But in order to put us on the path of Chuckie Armistead, Upchurch needed two things: he needed Armistead to disappear, and he needed someone to see Armistead go into that trailer. I wondered why Armistead cooperated with someone posing as a Volunteer. Remember, we asked you. Do you remember?”
“Yes.”
“And at first, the answer seemed obvious: Armistead was one of Upchurch’s contacts, and when Upchurch asked for help, Armistead saw the opportunity for blackmail. He was finally going to have a cop in his pocket. But that didn’t feel quite right. Armistead didn’t seem that smart. It didn’t feel like his style. All the other things Armistead did, the vandalism and the assaults, the hate crimes, they were all hasty, poorly planned. This, on the other hand, required someone with vision. Someone like the Volunteer’s new leader. Someone like Naomi Malsho. Upchurch didn’t call Armistead for help. He called you. What did you tell Armistead? Did you tell him that this was just a job? Or did you give him a preview, get him excited at the possibility of having a cop under your thumb?”
Naomi surged out of her chair and stepped towards the door, but she stopped when Hazard resumed speaking.
“You and Upchurch agreed it would be a mutually beneficial solution. Upchurch would have a victim, Armistead, who couldn’t be identified, not even by dental records. People would think that Chendo Cervantes had done the killings and that his two victims had been members of the Ozark Volunteers. You got what you’ve been looking for: a martyr. Chuckie Armistead killed by a gay fanatic. That would have been political capital for you. And Upchurch would have gotten away with murder. That’s why you agreed to be his source. That’s why you pointed us towards Armistead, so that you could finally show your martyr to the public. And, as a bonus, you’d have Upchurch in your pocket. That’s why he threw the Molotov cocktail at your house, that’s why he broke in: he was looking for whatever you were using to blackmail him.”
“This is insane. I won’t listen to any more of this.”
Sweat prickled along Hazard’s back. Now came the really tough part. Now came the gamble. “I won’t tell anyone, Naomi. I could. I could produce the tapes. I might be able to get a conviction. I might not. It’s harder with Upchurch dead, you know. But I could ruin you either way. The Ozark Volunteers might not mind that you were a police informant—you could spin that to your advantage, convince them you were really looking out for the Volunteers. It’ll be a lot harder to convince them of anything, though, if they think you killed one of their own.”
Naomi was staring at the door, her shoulders hunched almost to her ears, her fingers flexing and tightening. “What do you want?”
“Somers told me the story, you know. About him and the girl he slept with. Kaylee, was that her name? And something about it was strange. I thought it was strange at the time, and I even asked Somers about it, but he didn’t realize what I was asking him. He was too caught up in his own guilt. You see, it seemed impossible for Somers’s wife to find out about the affair so quickly.”
Nothing from Naomi. 
“You set up Somers. You knew he was going to drink, and you found a girl who would be able to get him into bed. Kaylee came back to you, reported on a job well done, and you called up Cora. I bet Kaylee even provided you with proof that you could show your dear sister. That was your plan all along, to have someone seduce—”
Naomi’s laugh was cold and short. “Seduce?” She spun to stare at Hazard. “Have you met John-Henry? His pants are always halfway around his ankles. All that girl had to do was bend over.”
“You’re going to tell Cora.”
Now color rushed into Naomi’s face: dark red mottling her cheeks. “You son of a bitch.”
“You’re going to tell her that you set the whole thing up. You can spin it however you want—tell her you were just trying to test Somers’s loyalty, tell her whatever you think of—but make sure she knows that it wasn’t Somers’s fault.”
“It was his fault,” Naomi hissed. “He’s the one who slipped his dick into that whore. It’s not anyone else’s fault.”
“You’re going to tell Cora. And you’re going to do it so well that Cora’s going to soften her heart. She doesn’t have to take Somers back. But she’s going to talk to him. She’s going to let him see his daughter. You’re going to make sure she does, Naomi, because otherwise, well, I’ll have to start talking.”
By now, Naomi was trembling, and the red splotches under her tan had spread across her throat and chest. “You don’t know who you’re dealing with. You don’t know the kind of hell you’re stepping into.”
“Get out of my room,” Hazard said, his voice cold and even, “you hateful bitch.”
Naomi left, and after a few tense minutes, waiting for her to return, Hazard slumped back into the bed. He was shaking, surprised at the physical exhaustion sweeping over him. His last thought, as he slipped into sleep, was that he hoped he hadn’t fucked things up again.

Chapter 42
November 1
Tuesday
10:48am

Hazard was starting to think he’d made a mistake.
“It’s great,” Nico was saying. The younger man sat cross-legged on Hazard’s bed, knees loose against his chest, shorts sliding down to expose surprisingly muscled thighs. He was studying his phone as he spoke. “It’s got Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler, and they drive each other crazy at first, but by the end they’re in love, and it’s really, really sweet.”
Hazard was having difficulty buttoning his shirt; his shoulder was killing him, and he couldn’t manage with one hand. He was not, however, going to ask Nico to help him. Nico had already tried tying Hazard’s shoes, and Hazard had bitten his head off. It seemed Nico was steering the wiser course this time because he had not offered to help with the buttons.
Instead, even worse, he was trying to get Hazard to go to a movie.
“Aren’t you getting a PhD?” Hazard asked.
“Yeah.”
“In theology?”
“Yeah.”
“Aren’t you a little too smart for a romantic comedy?”
Nico blinked. God, those eyes. Hazard thought he could dive into those eyes and never touch bottom. “Um, I’m not sure if I should be insulted or not.”
“I’m not trying to be insulting—”
With a laugh, Nico waved the words away. “I know you weren’t. I don’t know. I like those movies. I know they’re dumb. I still enjoy them. And I’d like to see one with you.”
Hazard grunted.
“So?” Nico asked.
Not trusting himself to answer, Hazard grunted again.
“We can get dinner—there’s a great Korean barbeque food truck that hits the South Quad in the evening. And then the movie. And if I don’t take you to the Pretty Pretty, I might literally get killed, since they’re all dying to see you—”
“What?”
“The Pretty Pretty. The club, the one—”
“I know what the Pretty Pretty is.”
A smirk curled Nico’s lips. “You’re going to have every gay man in the county trying to buy you drinks. And, not incidentally, trying to get you in bed.”
“Jesus.”
“No, I don’t think he’ll be there. I could probably make you see him, though, if you give me a chance.”
Hazard made a noise that, even to himself, sounded dangerously close to a whimper.
Nico burst out laughing again. “I’m kidding. Well, partly. You will have to fend off the gay men since you’re kind of a local celebrity now, but to be honest, you probably would have had to fend them off anyway.”
“I’m not going to the Pretty Pretty.”
Nico shrugged.
“I’m not.”
“We’ll see.”
“Nico, listen to me very clearly, I’m not—Somers?”
Somers stood in the doorway. As was usually the case, he looked like he’d just rolled out of bed: his short blond hair in messy spikes, his t-shirt rumpled, his nylon shorts barely reaching his knees. He also looked—unusually—reserved. No smile. No glint in his eyes. Almost—
—afraid—
—worried. 
“What’s up?” Hazard said, hearing his own voice and wishing it weren’t quite so . . . crackly. “Everything ok?”
“I should be asking you that,” Somers said.
“I’ll go,” Nico said, flat and hard, jumping off the bed.
“You don’t have to—” Hazard began.
“I’ll wait in the car.” Nico’s shoulder caught Somers as he left. 
Somers, rubbing his arm, glanced after the younger man.
“Sorry,” Hazard said, “I don’t know what got into him.”
For a moment, Somers seemed to consider this statement. Then a smile softened his face. “You don’t, huh?”
Hazard shrugged and winced at the flash of pain.
Still smiling—a soft, careful smile—Somers crossed the room. Without meeting Hazard’s eyes, he began to do up the buttons on Hazard’s shirt. “You know he likes you, right?”
Hazard heard the words at a distance; his immediate attention was locked on the feel of Somers’s hands as they did up the buttons, brushing Hazard’s chest and striking a line of sparks. “Huh? Oh. Yeah, I don’t know.”
“He spent four days with you at the hospital. He’s head over heels about you.”
“He barely knows me.”
Somers did the last button, and his eyes flashed up Hazard’s. “He’s jealous.”
“Of . . . you?”
An ironic smile twisted Somers’s lips. “Hard to believe, Hazard, but some people would find me a catch. Not everyone, I’m not saying that, but a few select people. Nico thinks I’m a threat.”
Hazard wanted to say the obvious thing: that Somers wasn’t a threat, that Somers was straight, that Somers had a wife and child. But the words caught in his throat. For twenty years, give or take, Hazard had been attracted to John-Henry Somerset. He wasn’t going to try to deny it now.
“We’ve been talking, Lender, Swinney, Cravens, and I,” Somers said. “About Upchurch. We looked at the picture that Nico showed you, the one taken from the back of the patrol car. We’re pretty sure Upchurch is the one who arrested Chendo at the march. We’re also pretty sure that’s how they met. You can guess what that was like, sitting in that goddamn meeting, and me not knowing a thing about my own partner.”
“You told me you guys split up at the march. You couldn’t have known.”
“That’s what Cravens and the rest said, but I should have known. I should have figured it out.”
“You did.”
“Too late. Anyway, Upchurch must have managed to turn Chendo loose without processing the arrest, and that’s why he never showed up in our paperwork. We’re also pretty sure Chendo Cervantes died a few days before the fire.”
“Because of the texts,” Hazard said. “I’ve been thinking about it too. The really hateful texts to Nico on Friday. Those were Upchurch. Then, on Monday, Upchurch changed the tone. He wanted to push the date back and make us think the murder happened later than it did. He started the fire that night, and we thought that was the same night as the murder.”
Somers nodded. “He planned the whole thing. You told me you weren’t sure about Upchurch, though. What did you mean?”
“I don’t know what I was thinking. Nico showed me a picture, and it had you and Upchurch in it. Nico was convinced that one of you was in a relationship with Chendo. When I saw Upchurch with a gun on you, I figured you weren’t the killer, but—but I wondered.”
“You thought maybe I was the killer?”
“I don’t know. I wasn’t thinking clearly.”
Somers made a soft noise in his throat. “What about the stairs?”
“Huh?”
“The stairs. High school. You brought up the stairs when you wanted me to shove you. Why?”
“It was a way to tell you without telling Upchurch. You remembered, didn’t you? You understood what I meant.”
Somers didn’t answer; he stood there, waiting.
“I . . . I think I realized what that was about,” Hazard finally said. “When you shoved me.”
“It was about me being a bigoted teenage asshole.”
“No, it wasn’t. Mikey told me that they were going to do to me what they’d done to Jeff. He told me he had it all planned out.”
Somers’s eyes dropped.
Hazard forced himself to go on. “He told me he would have done it, too, except you shoved me down the stairs and convinced him that was enough.”
“Enough.” The word was thick with disgust. “Yeah, it was enough. Enough to prove that I was a coward. What happened between us, when we were in the locker room, I should have done something, for Christ’s sake. I shouldn’t have shoved you down the stairs and—and—”
“It’s ok.”
“Like hell it’s ok.”
“You couldn’t have stopped Mikey any other way.”
“I could have done a million other things. I could have told him the truth.”
Minutes passed without either man speaking. Hazard cleared his throat, and he managed to say, “Where’ve you been? You got something better to do?”
“No. I wasn’t sure you’d want to see me.”
“I called.”
“Right, but—” Something crossed Somers’s face, a flash of—
—fear—
—something that might have been shame. Or disappointment.
“Look,” Hazard said, “I know I fucked up, I really fucked things up between us, but I want you to know—”
Somers blinked. “What are you talking about?”
“At your place. Don’t tell me you don’t remember. I’m not an idiot. And then again, after I got shot. The only thing I can say is that I wasn’t thinking very clearly.”
Again there was that flash of emotion on Somers’s face. “So you didn’t mean what you were saying?”
It took all of Hazard’s will to say what came next. “I meant it. And I understand if you hate me for saying it, and I understand if you need a new partner, or if you have to report me for sexual harassment, or if you just want me kicked off the force, but I needed to say it. I wanted to say it.” He managed to swallow the next words: I’ve been wanting to say it for twenty years.
For a heartbeat, nothing showed in Somers’s face. Then he smiled. It was a genuine John-Henry smile, kind and soft and warm. That smile said the world was a happy place, easy to live in, and that things tended to work out just right. “You think I’m mad?”
“Of course you’re mad.”
The color in Somers’s face deepened; it was a strangely beautiful look, the red staining his tan cheeks. It made Somers look oddly innocent. “How could I be mad about someone telling me something like that? How could I be mad about you telling me something like that?” He paused, his flush deepening as he studied Hazard. “You don’t have any idea, do you? All the times I screwed around with college boys, all the times I got drunk enough to be brave enough to do it, all those times, it wasn’t about them, Hazard. It was about—” Somers cut off as his phone rang. “Hold on, I’m just going to send it to voicemail, I—” But he cut off again when he saw the phone’s screen. “It’s Cora.”
“What?” Hazard said.
“It’s Cora. I don’t—what do I—”
Jealousy surged inside Hazard, but he managed to say, “Answer it.”
Somers hesitated. Then his finger slid across the screen. “Cora? Jesus Christ, I didn’t—no, this is good, this is a real good time to talk—hold on, just a second.” Somers lowered the phone. His eyes were full of an emotion Hazard couldn’t read. Excitement and hope and—and something that looked like pain, strangely enough. “I’ve got to . . .”
Hazard forced himself to swallow past the thickness in his throat and say, “Go talk to your wife, you big idiot.”
“Ree?”
It was the first time Hazard had ever heard Somers use that nickname. It was the first time anyone had ever used that nickname for him, and Hazard was surprised to find that he liked it.
“What?” Hazard said.
“Why do you have that look? What did you do?”
“Nothing,” Hazard said. “Talk to your wife.”
“Right. Uh, Ree?”
“What?”
For a moment, the possibilities were endless. Somers could have said anything, a million different anythings, and Hazard clung to a thread of hope that it would be the one thing he wanted to hear.
Somers seemed to understand this; the conflict in his face deepened, and he hesitated, and then what he said was simply, “Thanks.” 
Then, without waiting for an answer, Somers put the phone to his ear. “Sorry, sorry, I was just getting out of a meeting. Yeah. Yeah.” His voice grew more distant as he walked down the hall. “Yeah, I’d really like to talk. I’d really like that.”
And good for him, Hazard thought. That’s good, that’s really good. Somers deserved to have his wife and daughter back in his life. Hazard got up, fumbling with his travel bag. Somers deserved someone who loved him, someone who took care of him, someone who fit into his life perfectly and easily, no fuss, no problems, no guilt. So it was good. It was great. 
But if it was so great, Hazard didn’t know why his breath was hitching. He didn’t know why he couldn’t zip the bag shut, why the zipper wouldn’t line up, why he couldn’t even see the damn zipper, and so he just gave tug after furious tug until, with a long ripping noise, the zipper came free in his hand. This was what Hazard wanted, after all, wasn’t it? This was what he’d made happen when he’d confronted Naomi. He wanted John-Henry to be happy, and the only way John-Henry was going to be happy was if he was back with his family. And that meant this was great. That meant Hazard should be happy. And Hazard was happy. He was very happy. He was so happy that on his way out of the room, he threw the zipper hard enough to crack the fucking window.

Chapter 43
November 1
Tuesday
11:30pm

The Drew Barrymore / Adam Sandler movie had ended. Hazard had fallen asleep for the last third of it; the pain in his shoulder had gotten worse as his muscles stiffened, and after he dry-swallowed a pain pill, everything had gone dark. Now, lurching out into the night air, Hazard was surprised to find himself shivering. 
Overhead, the night sky was crystal clear, and the stars made a dense canopy that Wahredua’s lights couldn’t put out. A few clouds drifted above the river, and a chilly wind had picked up, carrying with it the dry, crisp scent of autumn. The smell, as much as the cold, raised goosebumps on Hazard’s arms. All of the sudden, summer was gone. It had lasted so long and so late into the year that Hazard had forgotten autumn. His breath didn’t frost, not quite, but the cold made Hazard shiver again.
He didn’t mind when Nico put an arm around him.
“Do you want to go home?” Nico said. “No funny business, promise. Besides, you look wrecked.”
“Probably better. Sorry, I’m a lousy date.”
Nico chuckled as he helped Hazard into the car. “So this was a date?”
“That might have been the pain pills talking.”
Laughing again, Nico eased the car forward and into the night. Hazard watched the city go by, thinking of his childhood. He thought about Mikey Grames, the knife cutting into his chest, the shiny scar that would fade but never go away. He thought about Somers, and the day they had come so close in the locker room, and he thought about the fall down the stairs. He thought about Jeff, who had died tortured and humiliated, and whose death had opened a great, yawning blackness inside Hazard. That darkness had healed at the edges, and over the years Hazard had learned to live with the wound, but in all those years it had never gone away.
All of the sudden, Hazard wasn’t quite ready to go to the Bridal Veil Motor Court. “Do you mind if we go for a drive?”
“No. The river’s nice this time of year—”
“Up to the bluffs. If that’s ok, I mean.”
Hazard gave directions, and Nico led the car out of Wahredua and onto a cramped gravel road. It had been sixteen years since Hazard had last seen this road. The gravel had a ghostly sheen in the moonlight, as though it were lit from within, and long weeds had grown along the stretch. The weeds hissed against the windows as Nico eased the car onto the gravel.
“You’re sure about this? I don’t think this is the right—”
“This is it.”
A half mile later, they passed the old Bouche farm, now nothing more than a collapsing house and a silo that gaped at the sky, as though trying to gulp down the stars. They drove farther, following the gravel road up the bluffs, to its very end, where an old cottonwood clung to the cliffside with gnarled roots. Below, the Grand Rivere raced along its course. The water, dark slate speckled with moonlight, murmured as it ran, and when Hazard lowered his window, the sound filled the car. He breathed in the chalky dust from the gravel and the cold autumn starlight.
It had been here that Jeff had put a shotgun in his mouth and taken his life—and taken, without meaning to, a part of Hazard’s life as well. He had taken it, and all these years, Hazard had hated Mikey Grames and Hugo Perry and John-Henry Somerset. Not until now, with the moonlight so bright in Hazard’s eyes that he tilted his head back, easing his vision into the darkness, did he realize that for all those years, he had—a little, only a little, God, let that be the truth—hated Jeff too. Hated Jeff for hurting him so much. Hated Jeff for leaving him alone.
“What was it like?”
Nico’s words, spoken in a hushed tone, seemed like a dangerous echo of Hazard’s thoughts. Hazard shifted in his seat, searching for words until he realized that Nico was staring down at Wahredua, spread out beneath them like glitter tossed on a string of glue.
“Growing up here?”
Nico nodded.
“Hard. What about you? It couldn’t have been easy—”
“I just don’t get it.” The words exploded out of Nico. His hands balled into fists. “I asked around. I’m not stupid. The things people did to you—the things he did to you—what the fuck? How can you look him in the eyes? How can you be his partner?”
Hazard’s lid drifted closed. For a moment, for one long moment, he remembered that day in the locker room, and the steam wisping off Somers’s golden skin, and the dry, chapped heat of Somers’s lips. And Hazard thought about the hatred he had carried for all those years, neatly packaged and stored away, safe and ready to use whenever he needed it.
“Things changed,” Hazard answered, his eyes opening. He was surprised to see tears on Nico’s face. “He’s changed. I’ve changed.”
Nico shook his head, snuffled, and ran the heel of his hand across his cheek. “Don’t you wish he were dead? Don’t you wish they were all dead? But you’re here, you’re—you’re nice, well, as nice as you ever are. Don’t look at me like that, you know what I mean.”
There might have been a way—some way—for Hazard to begin to explain. He could have talked about the day he had driven to Naomi’s house with Somers and had, for some reason he didn’t understand, shared his troubles about Billy. He could have talked about Somers’s patience and good humor and determination, in spite of Hazard’s best efforts, to make amends. He could have talked about the final minutes in Upchurch’s garage, when Hazard had looked into Somers’s eyes and known, without needing to be told, that he could trust John-Henry Somerset with his life. He could talk about how it had felt to see both joy and pain on Somers’s face when Cora called.
But all of those things would have been skirting the edges of something subterranean, something tectonic that was shifting inside Hazard, something that even he himself didn’t understand. So instead, he ran a thumb down Nico’s tear-stained cheek and pulled him in for a kiss.
Hazard didn’t have a whole lot of experience, but it felt like a damn good kiss, a kind of shoot-the-moon-with-neutron-bombs kiss, and it left a tremor running down his arm and into his chest that Hazard couldn’t quite stop. Voice sounding like he’d been drinking varnish, he managed to say, “I’m very nice.”
Nico, for his part, looked kind of like he’d walked into a wall. “Huh?” he managed.
“I’m very nice. You made it sound like I’m not that nice, but I’m very nice.”
“What? Oh. Yeah. Let me just—” And then Nico grabbed a handful of Hazard’s long, dark hair and was pulling him in for another, harder kiss. This time, the tremor went on and on and ended somewhere in Hazard’s toes.
“Now,” Nico said when he pulled back, his ragged breathing slicing the syllable short. “What were you saying?”
“Who the fuck cares?” Hazard said, struggling to turn Nico out of his shirt, his hand slipping inside to caress young, firm muscle.
Nico gasped at his touch, arching himself into Hazard’s hands as he shimmied out of his clothes. “Your shoulder,” he gasped. “Be careful—”
Hazard answered by tugging on his own shirt so hard that the buttons ripped in one long series of pops.
As Nico climbed across the seats to straddle Hazard, sliding his smooth cheek along Hazard’s stubble, he whispered, “I’m not calling you Detective Hazard, no matter how much you want me to.”
Hazard’s hands slid down to Nico’s waist, his fingers tightening, and he was rewarded by another moan. “How about,” Hazard said, nipping at Nico’s ear, his voice so low it was mixed with the gravel beneath them, “you call me Emery?”

Chapter 44
November 2
Wednesday
3:33am

Much, much later, Nico pulled the car into the Bridal Veil Motor Court, and Hazard led him upstairs by the hand. The wind had turned the chilly air to ice, and Hazard shivered as he fumbled with his keys.
“Somebody left you something,” Nico said, tugging an envelope free from the doorframe. “It’s got your name on it.”
Shoving the door open, Hazard followed Nico into the room. The heater whumped to life, and the smell of heating oil began to filter through the air, mixing with the odors of sweat and sex that clung to Hazard’s skin. He took the envelope from Nico, and Nico sprawled on the bed, his shirt riding up to expose the corded muscles of his abdomen. It was enough to make Hazard forget, for a moment, the envelope.
“Well?” Nico said, eyes bright as he tugged at the hem of his shirt, his slender, artistic fingers playing over his bronze skin.
“You’re a fucking tease.”
“Open it.”
Hazard ripped the envelope open because he was about half a minute from jumping Nico again. To his surprise, a key fell into his palm. He fished out a small piece of cardstock.
This is getting ridiculous, the note read in Somers’s script. You’re done staying at that shitty motel. Bring your stuff over tomorrow, roommate. PS: Hope you’re having a very—the word was underlined three times—relaxing evening with your new boy-toy. 
Roommate? Hazard weighed the small key in his hand. If that didn’t sound like the worst idea in the universe, Hazard didn’t know what did. But—
But the damn thing was, Hazard already knew he was going to accept.
“What’s it say?” Nico asked. He had stripped off his shirt, and now his well-toned arms were behind his head as he studied Hazard.
Hazard tossed the key and the note on the desk, kicking off his shoes and letting his trousers fall as he shuffled towards the bed. “Like I said earlier: who cares?”

Trans/position
Keep reading for a sneak preview of Trans/position, the next Hazard and Somerset mystery.


Chapter 1
November 21
Wednesday
4:23pm

The call about the shooting came when everyone else was packing up, and of course Somers volunteered to take it. Emery Hazard sat at his desk, glaring at his partner as the detective spoke quietly into the receiver. There were days, Hazard thought, when Somers made things harder than they needed to be. Most days, come to think of it.
John-Henry Somerset, who went by Somers, ignored Hazard’s glares the way he seemed to be oblivious to everything unpleasant. Somers, with his short, messy blond hair and his perfect good looks, managed to make cheerfulness seem easy. It was one of the few things you could hate about the man. You couldn’t, Hazard decided, his gaze lingering a moment too long, hate that smile. You couldn’t hate eyes like that, eyes like tide pools, so blue you could almost see through them. Hazard had spent a lot of his life trying.
As though sensing Hazard’s gaze, Somers glanced up and made a face. Hazard gave him the finger.
Around them, the Wahredua Police Station was closing up shop. Instead of the normal smells of burnt coffee, toner, and Miranda Carmichael’s tomato-cucumber-and-onion sandwich, extra vinegar, the place smelled like floor wax as the custodial crew got an early start. Instead of the hub of voices and ringing phones and the fax machines intermittent screech, the station had fallen silent. Even Chief Cravens’s office was dark and empty the night before Thanksgiving. Only a handful of uniformed officers, most of them, young, single, and broke, would work Thanksgiving Day--and they’d do it for the extra pay.
Them, and Detectives Emery Hazard and John-Henry Somerset. Another example of Somers’s unnecessary helpfulness.
“All right, Mrs. Ferrell. All right. We’ll be out in a little bit. Yes, I understand. Yes, ma’am, right away. Yes.” Somers rolled his eyes for Hazard’s benefit. “I’ll tell her. Yes, ma’am. Goodbye. No, yes, no--goodbye.”
“What were you thinking?” Hazard said as soon as the receiver rested in the cradle.
“What?” Somers was all dewy innocence. He had thick, golden eyelashes, and he was practically batting them now.
“We’re going out there?”
“Hold on. Don’t get mad.”
Hazard surged out of his chair, grabbing his heavy wool coat and jerking his head at Somers. His shoulder twinged from where he’d been shot only a few weeks before, but Hazard shook his head when Somers moved to help with the coat. “If we’re going out there, we’re going right now. Understand?”
“We have to go. It’s a shooting.”
Hazard had grown up in Wahredua, but he still had trouble adjusting to the importance--or lack thereof--that the local police gave to the different calls that came in. After leaving Wahredua for college, Hazard had never planned on coming back until he’d been booted from his job with the St. Louis City police. Upon coming back, he’d found himself partnered with his old high school bully: John-Henry Somerset. Their first case, solving the murder of a young man named Chendo Cervantes, had brought them together--to a degree. At that moment, staring at his partner who had so breezily volunteered to take the call, Hazard was forgetting what that solidarity felt like.
“What do you mean it was a shooting? Ambulance? That kind of shooting? Tactical team? What?”
“No, nothing like that.” Somers grabbed his jacket and shrugged into it. As they headed out of the station and towards the car, Somers said, “Mrs. Ferrell, she calls about once or twice a month with complaints about shooting. There’s a house nearby with a private range. Eventually the noise drives her nuts and she calls it in.”
Hazard stopped. It was late November, and this year, the cold had come hard and fast. With the cold, over the last week, had come steady showers: mixtures of rain and slush that turned the roads into skating rinks. The Grand Rivere was close to bursting its banks, and flooding along Market Street seemed like a very real possibility. Standing there, huffing out huge steaming breaths into the November cold, Hazard tried to rein in his temper.
“We’re taking a noise complaint?”
“Well--”
“The night before Thanksgiving, when I’m supposed to go to Nico’s house for a big dinner before I drive him to the airport, you agree to take a noise complaint.”
As they reached the car, Somers gave an angel-innocent shrug. “It’s kind of our turn.”
Hazard groaned. “Are you trying to sabotage my--”
“Relationship?”
“Don’t start, Somers. My dinner. Is that what this is?”
“It’ll take an hour, tops.”
“An hour?”
“She’s on the edge of the city limits. Technically, that part used to be unincorporated, but it’s a long story. She’s a Wahredua citizen, though, and--”
“It’s bad enough that you volunteered me, without asking, to work Thanksgiving.”
“You weren’t going to visit your family. You already told me.”
“That’s not the point,” Hazard growled. “Maybe I wanted a day off. Maybe I wanted to relax.”
They settled into the car, a tan Impala that belonged to the city, and Somers eased onto the slushy roads. Overhead, gray clouds churned and swirled, and the light was fading fast. In an hour, the daylight would be gone. If Hazard was lucky, and if they didn’t slide off the road or get stuck helping Mrs. Ferrell get her cat out of a tree, or whatever else the hell she might need, he might still make it to dinner.
“You don’t want to relax,” Somers said, cranking up the heater as he pointed the car east. “And you definitely don’t want a day off.”
“I might.”
“You don’t. On your days off, what do you do? I’ll tell you: you go to the gym. You do your laundry. You fold your goddamn socks.”
“People need to do laundry.”
“Not on Saturday and again on Sunday.” Somers settled back into his seat as though he’d won the argument. “And you read.”
“People like reading.”
“You’re not reading for fun. You’re reading because you’re wired and you want to get back to work.”
Hazard grimaced and didn’t respond. Around them, the city shifted: upscale, stucco-and-glass buildings faded into weather-beaten stone; stone gave way to brick; brick gave way to a strip of old rail depots with rusting sheet metal and stained concrete slabs. Wahredua had begun as a river town, evolved into a rail town, and had settled into a college town--which seemed, for the foreseeable future, the best bet of keeping the city viable. As they passed the edge of the city proper, brick and stone and steel dissolved into the rolling hills and fields of central Missouri.
“I see Nico,” Hazard said.
“You see Nico,” Somers said in disgust. “That boy hangs on every word you say, every gesture, and you make him watch those stupid movies.”
“Documentaries aren’t stupid movies.”
“They are when they’re about the history of German cheesecloth, 1888-1889.”
“You’re an idiot.” Hazard flopped backwards in his seat, feeling inexplicably prickled. Ever since he had moved into Somers’s apartment and become roommates with his partner, he’d worried that they would get tired of each other--especially since Hazard already had a low tolerance for other people. In spite of his fears, though, Hazard had found that the opposite was true: he enjoyed his time with Somers more every day. Dangerously so, in fact. No, the trouble wasn’t Somers. The trouble was Nico--and, more specifically, the trouble was how much Somers wanted to talk about Nico.
“He’s young. He wants to go out. He wants to have fun.”
“Drop it, Somers.”
“Take him clubbing.”
“I don’t dance.”
“So let him dance up on you. You don’t even have to move. Just stand there like a big lump, like you always do.”
“I don’t stand around like a lump.”
“He wants to show you off. You’re a hot, older guy with a dangerous job. You’re a celebrity. All of that’s wasted if he has to spend his weekends watching documentaries about German cheese.”
“Cheesecloth. And I told you to drop it.”
“Look, all I’m saying is, you hit the jackpot. He’s cute. He’s smart. He worships the ground you walk on. Don’t--”
“If you say don’t screw it up, I’m going to reach down your throat and rip out your lungs.”
“I was going to say, don’t take it for granted. But don’t screw it up, well, that applies too.”
Hazard could hear his teeth grinding as he stared out the window. 
It was a lucky thing, though, because if he hadn’t been staring out the window, he wouldn’t have seen the car stranded on the side of the state highway.
“Jesus, I’m never going to make that dinner. Pull over.”
“What?”
“Pull over. There’s somebody stuck back there.”
“It’s just an abandoned car--”
“There’s somebody sitting in it, so unless you want to come back this way and dig out a frozen corpse, pull the car over.”
Somers slowed and found a relatively clear spot along the shoulder of the highway. Hazard climbed out of the car, wincing as he did so. This stretch of highway was relatively bare, surrounded on both sides by snow-swept fields. Wind poured over those fields, cold enough to cut through Hazard’s coat and make him wish, once again, he wasn’t partnered with an overly helpful idiot. A hot idiot, but nevertheless, at critical moments, overly helpful.
“Hey,” Somers called, jogging ahead of Hazard and calling down to the car. “Hello. You ok?”
Hazard let his partner take the lead; with anything involving other people, it was always better to let Somers go first.
The car was a small gray sedan, and as Hazard got closer, he could see the problem. About ten yards farther down the road, the driver had attempted a u-turn. Judging by the tracks in the snow, he must have tried to turn at a relatively high speed. Somehow he’d caught some traction on the highway’s shoulder--more tracks showed where tires had scraped away snow--but then had slid off the embankment a few yards later.
“See if he’s drunk,” Hazard called to his partner, his voice pitched just for Somers.
“Hello,” Somers called, nodding an acknowledgment to Hazard. The blond man half-fell, half-trampled a path down the embankment until he reached the car. When he pounded on the window, the figure inside--nothing more than a bundle of dark clothing, even to Hazard’s sharp eyes--jumped.
A moment later, the gray sedan’s door popped open, and the driver climbed out into the snow. He was young, but maybe only a few years younger than Hazard and Somers. Late twenties, Hazard guessed. He wore a mismatched array of dark clothing, sweaters and jackets and thermal-knit cotton, and the outfit might have fit a movie star or a homeless person. His long, dark hair was flattened by a ski cap, and a tangled beard fell almost to his chest.
“Jesus, you scared the shit out of me. What’s the matter, officer?”
Hazard’s eyebrows went up. “What’s the matter?”
Somers waved a hand for Hazard to be quiet. “Just wanted to check and make sure everything was all right.”
The young man snorted. “Does it look like everything’s all right? I’m fucking stranded. Tried to do a u-turn, but I didn’t expect this hick town would leave the roads covered in ice. Can’t get decent cell service, can’t get a tow truck, can’t get back to town.” He eyed them for a moment--his gaze flicked to Hazard only briefly before being drawn back to Somers. That, too, in Hazard’s experience, was normal. Even straight men were drawn to Somers, albeit not in a sexual way. He was just that kind of person. “Well?” the young man demanded.
“Well?” Hazard said.
Somers gave Hazard a warning glance. “Well, it looks like you need some help. And I’d really like to help you.”
“Jesus, this isn’t going to be a fucking civics lesson, is it? If so, I’ll just curl up in the back seat and you can wait while I jerk off with town pride.” The young man threw back his shoulders and projected his voice, as though Somers were slightly deaf, or perhaps a little simple. “I want a tow truck. Call one. Now.”
“Detective Somerset,” Hazard said. “I think a civics lesson might be in order.”
Somers frowned. “I don’t think--”
“Fuck me,” the young man interrupted, ripping off his ski cap. “Are you two fucking deaf? Are you retarded? Get me a tow truck.”
This time, Somers just let out a defeated sigh and nodded.
Hazard stepped towards the young man. That’s all. He just stepped and kept on stepping. Something about his face, though, made the young man take a nervous step back. And then another. And then the young man stepped too fast, and as he collided with the sedan, his feet went out from under him. His head cracked against the window, and he slid down next to the wheel.
“You can’t--you’re threatening me--” The young man was scrambling away on all fours, snow spilling into a greasy head of hair and, Hazard hoped, down the back of the young man’s assortment of shirts and jackets. “This is police brutality, that’s what this is, I’m going to have your fucking badges--”
“I see the problem,” Hazard said, and his low, even voice cut through the young man’s bluster. “Your front tire is about an inch off the shoulder of the highway.”
“No fucking shit, Sherlock.” The young man was still sprawled in the snow and was starting to shiver.
“Here’s a civics lesson,” Hazard said, his voice still that perfectly low calm that, somehow, worked wonders. He hadn’t figured that out until he was a cop, but he’d found it was one of his best tools. “Detective Somerset and I are going to help you out because our job is to protect and serve. Isn’t that right, Detective Somerset?”
Somers was staring at Hazard, fighting a grin and losing. “Yes,” he managed to cough. “Yes, I believe that’s right, Detective Hazard.”
“And when we finish,” Hazard said, “you’re going to say thank you.”
The snow-buried young man said nothing, but his beard was quivering with anger.
“You steer,” Hazard said to Somers.
“No way, I’m pushing. Your shoulder.”
Hazard ignored the response and moved to a position at the car’s tail. His shoulder did still hurt, and trying to heave a mid-sized sedan out of the snow didn’t seem like a particularly bright idea, but he was angry and anger brought out a stubborn streak. Setting himself against the bumper, Hazard nodded towards the front of the car.
With a sigh, Somers wedged himself between the door and the car, bracing one hand on the frame and gripping the wheel with the other. “It’s in neutral,” he called back. “Parking brake off.”
Digging into the snow, Hazard pushed. For a moment, the weight of the car resisted. Hazard’s leather-soled shoes slid in the slushy mud. A starburst of pain ignited in Hazard’s shoulder, a warning flare telling him to stop. Then, he dug his toes into the mud, found purchase, and heaved himself into the car. With a long slurp, the tires inched free of the mud, and the sedan ground forward.
“All right,” Somers shouted. “Front tires are on the pavement. Let me give it a try.”
Hazard sucked in an enormous breath and fought the urge to swear--and, more pressing, the urge to grip his shoulder and let out a string of curse words. Instead, he tried to put off an air of casual ease. He didn’t let himself look at the bearded young man; he wanted the message to be clear but not too clear.
The sedan’s engine roared to life, and the tires spun. For a horrible second, the rubber slipped along the snow-slick asphalt. Then they gained traction, and the sedan lurched onto the highway. Somers killed the engine a moment later and stood, blocking the driver’s seat with his body.
“Jesus fucking Christ,” the young man said. He was brushing snow off his back, and he looked much more bedraggled--and miserable--than he had when Hazard and Somers had arrived. “I’m going to catch pneumonia. And you better not have wrecked my transmission, or the frame, or the alignment--”
“Come on, man,” Somers said. “Really?”
“I asked for a tow truck, not for this Neanderthal to dead-lift my car. If I have to have body work done, you can bet you’re going to be hearing from my lawyer.”
“Say thank you,” Hazard said. For the first time since moving the car, Hazard set himself facing the young man. Folding his arms across his chest, he allowed the pain in his shoulder to filter into his face--hoping that the young man would take the expression for anger instead of agony.
“I won’t--uh.” The young man began combing his beard with stiff, hurried fingers. His eyes darted to Hazard’s face, away, and back again. “Yeah, um, thank you.”
“Now,” Hazard said, reaching into the Imapala and pulling out a black, vinyl-bound citation book. “License and registration please.”
The young man froze, his fingers locked in the act of combing his beard. “What?”
“License and registration. Right now, please.”
“You’re kidding.”
“License and registration, sir.”
“I slid off the road. I didn’t do anything wrong.” His voice had risen in pitch, and his fingers were tearing through his beard so fast that, in Hazard’s opinion, he’d be lucky if he didn’t rip the damn thing right off. “You can’t do this.”
“Detective Somerset?”
Somers, propping himself on the sedan door, grinned. “Sir, you executed an illegal u-turn at what was clearly an excessive speed. Detective Hazard is writing you what we call a Careless and Imprudent Driving citation, that’s a two-point--”
“This is horseshit, you couple of dong-fuckers. You can’t do this. You didn’t see me, you don’t have any fucking idea what I did.”
“My friend,” Somers said. “We’ve been pretty patient with you.”
“Not me,” Hazard said, scribbling through the citation form.
“Well, I’ve been pretty patient, at least. Let me give you some free advice: you’d have done a whole lot better in this situation if you’d been polite.”
“Yeah?” The young man was practically spitting he was so angry. He stomped down the road, fumbled through the car, and returned with the license and registration for Hazard. “I hope you remember that advice when you’re scrubbing toilets. My lawyer is going to have both you busted out of the department so fast you won’t have time to swing your big balls.”
Somers, easy-going Somers, had dark lines of color above his cheekbones now, but when he spoke, his voice had the same casual charm it always did. “You want to hear a joke?”
“Fuck you.”
“You’ll like it. I know you’ll like it. You know what the difference is between a police officer and a janitor?”
The young man’s fingers dug furrows through his beard, and he glared down the road, doing his best to ignore Somers.
“When you’re a janitor,” Somers said, “the pieces of shit don’t talk back.”
A chuckle ripped through Hazard for a moment before he could stifle it, and out of the corner of his eye, he could see the young man’s features twisting in rage. Hazard finished transcribing the information, and he passed back the license with the citation.
“Have a very nice day, Mr. Bequette.”
Gene Bequette, the young man with the beard in need of combing, slammed the door. He must have felt safe because he rolled down the window. “You think I don’t recognize you? You’re that faggot the police hired. Must be your wet dream, huh? And the real police get a nice, gaping asshole they can use whenever they want.” Then he drove away so fast that he almost slid off the road again. Tires screeching, the car skidded back onto the highway and disappeared into the distance.
“Talking pieces of shit?” Hazard said as he turned towards the Impala.
“So much for the Somerset charm. Let me see your shoulder.”
“I’m fine.”
“Bullshit.”
“I get enough babying from Nico, Somers.” Hazard climbed into the Impala, and Somers followed him. “I don’t need it from you.”
“What you need--”
“Don’t say it.”
“--is enough common sense not to push a car with a bad shoulder.”
“Too late.”
“I offered, but you were too--”
Before Hazard could learn what he was--too pigheaded? that seemed likely--his phone rang, and Nico’s name flashed along the screen.
“Don’t kill me,” Hazard said when he answered.
Nico laughed. “Don’t kill me as in, I need to catch the shuttle? Or don’t kill me as in, you’re fleeing the country to Mexico?”
“Neither. I’m just running late. We caught a call last minute.”
“Tell him hi,” Somers said, elbowing Hazard.
Hazard ignored his partner. “I’ll try to make dinner, but we might have to skip it and sprint to the airport.”
“Oh man. I’m making steak a lo pobre. And potatoes. And salad.”
Stomach rumbling, Hazard said, “I’ll take the first two.”
“And a salad. I’ve seen your refrigerator. Do you and Somers even own anything that grew in the sun?”
“Does hamburger count?”
“Is he talking about our fridge?” Somers said. Leaning towards the phone, he shouted, “Hi, Nico.”
Nico didn’t respond, but judging by the chilly silence that followed, he’d heard Somers loud and clear.
“Anyway,” Hazard said, trying to ease into that icy gap, “I’ll get there as fast as I can. Somers says it won’t take long.”
“Yeah, sure. That’s what Somers says.”
“What’s that?”
“Nothing.” Nico sighed. “See you when you get here.”
Hazard disconnected the call and slumped into his seat. Overhead, thunder cracked loudly enough that he could hear it over the tires’ thrum. A line of darker clouds were moving in--or was that just the end of the day, the sky growing darker? Hazard couldn’t tell, but he didn’t like it. The drive to the airport would be a real bitch if those clouds opened up.
“Did Nico say hi?” Somers asked.
“What?”
“Nico, did he say hi?”
Hazard thought about lying, then shrugged. “We were talking about getting to the airport.”
“He hates me.”
Hazard shrugged again.
“Don’t deny it.”
“We’ve had this conversation about forty times. I don’t really know what you want me to say.”
“I want you to admit he’s jealous.”
“Jesus, Somers, just let it go. Maybe you’re just not his kind of person.”
That seemed to sting Somers; he drew himself up, hands squared on the steering wheel, his face pinched as he looked out the window. Under his breath, but still loud enough for Hazard to hear, he muttered, “I’m everybody’s kind of person.”
Trying to cover a sigh, Hazard slumped farther into the seat. He really needed a vacation.

Chapter 2
November 21
Wednesday
5:03pm

The woman rushed out of the house screaming. It wasn’t a hysterical, hands-flung-in-the-air scream. It was . . . methodical. The woman, drying her arms with a dishtowel, stepped down the walk towards the Impala with a firm, even pace, screaming at a moderate, sustainable level. She even paused in her walk, still screaming, to collect a bedsheet hanging from a clothesline. The bedsheet looked like it was frozen solid, and it was probably as hard as sheet metal, but the woman hammered it into a smaller rectangle and kept on screaming.
Inside the Impala, Hazard watched her coming with a mixture of dread and curiosity. She looked like a relic from another time: her hair, a mousy brown gone mostly to gray, must have been quite long because it was coiled in two separate buns on top of her head. Wrinkles soured her face, pulling her mouth into a tart pucker. She wore a long, faded apron that looked like it had been scrubbed long and hard and consistently since about 1932, and under the apron she had on a housedress patterned with enormous lilies on a turquoise background.
“Batsy Ferrell,” Somers said. “She’s ancient, obviously, but she could probably work the Terminator into the ground. Look, she still dries her laundry on the line in the middle of winter.”
“Maybe she can’t afford a dryer. Or the electricity.” Hazard studied the house. Situated at the end of an unpaved dirt road, so far off the highway that Hazard was sure they’d gotten lost, it was a small structure, a single-story farmhouse that probably dated to the beginning of the century. Over the years, the building had sagged, splaying outwards slightly, as though afflicted with a bad case of rickets. A few ghostly lines of white paint suggested the original color; now, though, bleached wood stared back at Hazard.
“She owns a couple thousand acres of land out here. Everything over to the Petty Philadelph, which is part of the problem.”
“Why’s that?”
But before Somers could answer, Mrs. Ferrell had reached the car and was hammering on the hood with both hands, still screaming in that eerie monotone. The frozen sheet scraped along the hood, and although it might just have been a layer of frost, Hazard could have sworn that she was scraping away the paint.
“All right, Mrs. Ferrell, all right. We’re here.” Somers was already out of the car and moving around the front, both hands held out as though he wanted take her in a hug and let her give him a kiss on the cheek. “You’re all right, we’re all right, everything’s going to be ok.”
Hazard stifled a smart remark and got out of the car, his leather wingtips slick in the half-frozen slush. Everything was not going to be ok if Hazard missed Nico’s dinner. He wished Somers would tell Mrs. Ferrell that.
“My good boy,” Mrs. Ferrell said, her voice raspy, as though she’d screamed herself out of a few vocal chords. The words were accented and sounded eastern European to Hazard’s ear. “My good, sweet boy, you are wrong. I am being murdered. They will kill me, they with their guns, they will shoot me dead.” She mimed putting a pistol to her head. “This is what they do, the men in power. This is what they did in my home. Understand? They will come and they will take what they want. They will shoot you dead. They will shoot me dead.”
“Nobody’s going to shoot you dead,” Somers said. He took her by the hands and squeezed. “Let’s get you inside, Mrs. Ferrell, and let’s get you a cup of tea.”
“No tea,” she sniffed. “Vodka.”
“That sounds about right,” Hazard muttered.
Mrs. Ferrell’s sharp eyes flew to Hazard. “And who is this black one? Who is this one with the face like he would smash me, smash me like a hammer on a nuts, how do you say, nuts at Christmas?”
“This is my partner, Detective Hazard. He’s not going to smash anything.”
“Pick it up, Somers,” Hazard muttered.
“He will watch when they shoot me dead,” Mrs. Ferrell said. “He will dance on my grave.”
“He won’t dance on anyone’s grave, Mrs. Ferrell. Nobody’s going to shoot you. Let’s go inside.” Somers turned Mrs. Ferrell towards the house, prizing the sheet from her hand and hustling her along the clay walk. Over his shoulder, Somers threw Hazard a glare. “Fix your face,” he whispered.
“What the hell--”
But before Hazard could frame the question, Somers had turned back to Mrs. Ferrell, talking to her in a low voice and helping her into the old farmhouse.
There was nothing wrong about Hazard’s face. He was sure of it. Well, almost sure.
By the time he caught up to them, Somers was stepping through the door, and Hazard followed them into the house. Like its outside, the old farmhouse’s interior had seen better days. Sun-bleached cross-stitches hung on the walls, with homilies like Bless This Mess and Home Is Where The Heart Is. The work had a stiff, impersonal quality, as though they’d been chosen out of a sense of obligation rather than any true sentiment. Worn furniture with split cushions and sagging foam filled the room. The only thing that seemed clean and well-maintained were the dachshunds. Hundreds of dachshunds: glazed ceramic, photographs cut out of magazines, crayon drawings, plush animals, dachshunds crammed every spare inch of the room. Somers had to clear at least a dozen of them, piling them neatly in his arms, before Mrs. Ferrell would sit. Hazard decided he’d stand.
The old woman was going on and on, still wailing about death and being shot, when Somers cut through her words with, “Now, Mrs. Ferrell, it was only the shooting range. You know that sometimes--”
“No.” She said it with such force that Somers went silent. “No, this time, they kill me. They shoot me dead, just like in my country.”
Somers seemed puzzled, and that surprised Hazard in turn. Until know, Somers had handled the situation as though it were a routine. This had thrown him off his tracks, though, and he bit his full lower lip and studied Mrs. Ferrell.
“What happened?”
“They shoot,” she said, waving her hands with bewildered insistence. “They shoot.”
“Show me.”
Somers lent the old woman his arm, helping her from the seat, and she led him deeper into the farmhouse. Hazard studied the building as he followed. If Batsy Ferrell truly were wealthy--even if that wealth were tied up in land--the house showed no sign of it. They passed two sparsely furnished bedrooms, the quilts threadbare and the walls unadorned. One of the windows was cracked, and Hazard noticed now that the interior was barely any warmer than outside. 
Mrs. Ferrell led them past a cramped water closet--there was no sign of a shower or tub, just an old-fashioned toilet with an overhead tank and a wire hanger serving as an impromptu pull--and into the kitchen. Decades of grime covered every surface, cooking grease darkened by dust and dirt, with the patina broken in a few spaces by a crumpled ball of aluminum foil, the battered bottom of an overturned kettle, a stainless steel fork missing a tine. The odor of burned meat hung in the room, and it wasn’t a recent odor--it smelled like a hundred years of ground beef burning on the bottom of the pan. The whole place was a mixture of poverty and neglect that made Hazard’s stomach flip and filled him with both pity and wariness.
“There. They shoot there, they shoot, they shoot.” Mrs. Ferrell had stopped at a door leading into a cramped pantry. Somers stepped inside, and Hazard watched through the doorway as his partner navigated the narrow path between shelves of tinned tomatoes and enormous mason jars full of green, floating things. Somers stopped at the end of the pantry, raising up on his toes to study a window high in the far wall.
“There’s a hole,” he called back to Hazard.
“They shoot,” Mrs. Ferrell insisted. Her gaze flicked to Hazard and then moved resolutely back to Somers. “They shoot, they shoot.”
Hazard felt a prickle of uncertainty. Was there something wrong with his face?
“It’s the right size,” Somers called. Then, with less confidence, “Might have been a rock.”
Hazard lined himself up with the window at the end of the pantry. Then he turned, his gaze moving up the kitchen wall, studying the daisy-print wallpaper, the chipped laminate countertop, the cabinets that looked like they’d been beaten within an inch of becoming scrap. He took a step forward, narrowing his area of focus, and then another step. When he reached the cabinets, he ran his thumb over their front.
“Yeow,” he said as a splinter stabbed his finger. Blood was already welling from the wound, and Hazard sucked the wounded finger, grateful for the taste of blood.
“What?”
Hazard tried to speak and almost bit his finger off. Removing the digit from his mouth, he rapped the cabinet with a knuckle. “Found it.”

Chapter 3
November 21
Wednesday
5:15pm

From the pantry, Somers peered across the kitchen, trying to see what Hazard meant.
“You found what?”
“The bullet.”
That was all. Somers felt a surge of concern and irritation. Concern for Batsy Ferrell who had, it seemed, been shot at. And irritation for Hazard’s perpetual resistance to talking.
Forging a path through rotted sacks of meal and near-to-toppling shelves of canned goods, Somers cleared the pantry and crossed to where Hazard stood. His partner had his index finger in his mouth and was sucking absently on his finger. It was, for Somers, distracting to say the least. With an effort of will, he shoved certain thoughts--certain very specific thoughts, thoughts about the two times emotion and desire had threatened to spill over in his relationship with Hazard--and focused on the cabinet door.
The bullet looked like a nine millimeter, and it was buried halfway through the wood. “Good thing it was particle board,” Somers said, swinging the door shut. “Would you stop that?”
Hazard, his dark brows knitted together, managed to say, “I’m bleeding,” with his finger still stuck in his mouth.
That was classic Hazard, Somers thought. The big, hulking brute was a study in conflicts: massively muscles, bigger and meaner than Somers, and brilliantly analytical, he was also aggressive, short-tempered, and quiet bordering on silent. Even Hazard’s hair showed the strange alloy of temperaments: cut and parted in a conservative style, the dark hair was long, almost too long for regulations. Hazard must have sensed Somers’s study because he popped his finger out of his mouth, his pale skin mottling with a blush, and his eyes--the color of autumn corn, scarecrow eyes--grew hard and brittle.
“What?”
“Nothing. Let’s get some pictures. And let’s get the first aid kit before you give me an aneurysm sucking on your finger.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Somers let a smirk stretch his face. “You know exactly what it means, big boy.”
Hazard’s blush deepened, and Somers fought a laugh as he trotted out to the Impala.
They worked well together; the Upchurch case had made sure of that. Somers still felt uncertain of how Hazard saw their relationship. It had shocked Somers to no end that Hazard had accepted his invitation to become roommates, and he still wasn’t sure what, exactly, had been Hazard’s reason. Beyond that, Somers wondered what his partner thought of him. In the last few weeks, as Somers had begun repairing his relationship with his estranged wife, he had managed to bring his drinking under control. That, Somers was sure, had helped him gain some of his partner’s trust. But part of Somers still wondered whether Hazard believed he was a good detective. After all, Renard Upchurch had been Somers’s partner, and Upchurch had almost managed to get away with murder right under Somers’s nose.
Whatever Hazard’s feelings about Somers, though, he never showed them--he rarely showed any feeling, for that matter, which tended to drive Somers into trying to bait an emotion out of his partner. Today was no different; as they worked through Mrs. Ferrell’s house, taking pictures and measurements, digging the bullet free from the cabinet, exploring the overgrown brush closest to the house in hopes of spotting signs of a trespasser, Hazard remained characteristically silent and Somers did his best to break that silence.
When they’d finished, they knew little more than when they’d started. “We didn’t see any signs that someone had come near the house,” Somers said, squeezing Mrs. Ferrell’s bristly hands. “It’s dark, though, so it’s hard to tell. It was probably an accident. A hunter, maybe.”
“No accident,” Mrs. Ferrell said. This close, it was hard not to notice the smell of pickled cabbage that clung to her, mixing with the mustiness of old wool and unwashed hair. “They shoot. A hundred times, they shoot. And I see.”
“One,” Hazard said, his voice carrying the same quiet menace it usually did. “There was one bullet. One broken window.”
“A hundred times,” Mrs. Ferrell cried, her watery eyes fixed on Somers. “A thousand. They shoot like mad men. They line me up and shoot me with all the bullets in the world. The men, they want me dead. You know these men. I cry to the police. I tell them these men, they want me dead. And what do the police do?” She wrestled her hands free from Somers and turned them palm-up, as though she had no words for the Wahredua PD’s lack of help.
Somers had been hoping it wouldn’t come to this, but he let out a breath, brought up his best smile, and nodded. “We’ll head right over, Mrs. Ferrell. Can you tell me who you saw?”
Mrs. Ferrell sniffed again and, wordlessly, bounced her upturned palms.
Somers was willing to take that as a no, so he said, “They don’t want to kill you, but I’ll talk to them, make sure they understand that they have to be careful. We’ll see what we can do about the window.”
“Window.” She sniffed. “Cardboard. Duct tape. But they shoot. You are my boy, so you must understand: they shoot me dead.”
In silence, Somers and Hazard trudged back to the Impala. As they pulled into the thick mud of the dirt road, Hazard turned his scarecrow eyes on Somers.
“What?” Somers said.
“You want to explain that?”
“You saw. Somebody shot out her window.”
“She kept calling you her boy.”
The Impala slogged through the muddy trenches, headlights swishing across the wall of brush and old-growth trees. As the vents began to pump warmth into the car, Somers cracked his knuckles and shoved the tips of his fingers towards the heat. Without his hands on the wheel, the Impala jerked and stuttered into the night.
“What the hell are you doing?” Hazard said. He grabbed the wheel, straightening them out and guiding them back towards the state highway.
“I don’t know why she calls me that.”
“Bullshit.”
“I don’t. She’s done it every time I’ve gone out there. I didn’t know her when I was growing up. She’s not a family friend. Can you imagine my mother letting her anywhere near the house?”
From the dark flicker of anger on Hazard’s face, Somers realized that Hazard knew all too well. As boys, they couldn’t have come from more different backgrounds: Emery Hazard from a working class family, John-Henry Somerset from privilege and prestige. Grace Elaine, Somers’s mother, had been a socialite, a philanthropically-minded homemaker--she had styled herself, perhaps not fully consciously, after the late Princess Di--and, most importantly, as poisonous as a copperhead and twice as nasty. More than once, Hazard’s mother had been on the receiving end of that poisonous sting, and Somers knew that much of it had been because Hazard had been the only openly gay boy in town.
“Will you take the wheel, please?”
“My hands are cold.”
“So who owns this shooting range?”
“Well, it used to be Manly Newton, about a hundred years ago.” Somers flexed his fingers, grateful for the warmth after the biting cold of Mrs. Ferrell’s house. “You heard of him?”
“Newton Park. And isn’t there a Newton settlement about twenty miles south of here? Kind of a failed railroad town, something like that.”
“Yeah, that’s him. He’s the one that had the big money. He’d made it on the railroad. Back before everything got consolidated into the Missouri Pacific lines, some of the rails were Newton’s. And he built that settlement, mostly trying to make himself a place for the trains to take on water and food without coming through Wahredua. It didn’t work, though, and the settlement boarded up pretty fast.” Somers hesitated. His fingers were plenty warm now, but he liked watching Hazard steer from the passenger seat. His partner did it with the same cool calculation that he did everything. And it didn’t hurt that Somers liked--just under the surface of his thoughts--watching the shift of muscle in Hazard’s hand and forearm.
“So he built the house, but he’s dead. Who lives there now?”
“He didn’t just build the house. We’re pretty far out of Wahredua, but this is all still part of the city limits because Manly Newton wanted his house to be inside Wahredua. It had something to do with how he wanted the electricity run out to his house, I don’t really know. So now Wahredua has this weird tail of land that runs out to the house.”
Hazard frowned; the only light was the glow from the dash, and it uncovered only pieces of his face, leaving the rest buried in darkness. Then lightning cracked along the sky, flaring purple-white, and the following darkness was accompanied by thunder. Over the rumble, Hazard said, “What about Mrs. Ferrell’s property?”
“What about it?”
“Is it inside city limits?”
“I don’t know. Never really thought about it. Anyway, the next Newton--I think his name was Roger--sold the house. That was back in the fifties. It traded hands a bunch of times until it sold for a fraction of its price a couple of years ago. This time, it went to a marketing group, and they’ve fixed it up pretty well. They use it for corporate retreats, training events, team-building exercises.”
“Shooting guns is a team-building exercise? And will you take the wheel, already?”
“Shooting guns did a hell of a lot for us, didn’t it?”
Hazard just grunted. After another moment, he said, “How do you know all this?”
“About Windsor?”
“What the hell is Windsor?”
“That’s the name of the house. My parents were pretty good friends with Roger’s kids.”
“The Newtons?” Hazard frowned. “Why does that sound familiar?”
“Newton Mortuary, where they’ve got the ME set up.”
Hazard grunted, but the furrow between his eyes didn’t disappear.
“And,” Somers said with a sigh, “because the current mayor of Wahredua is Sherman Newton. Roger’s oldest son. He and his family were over enough to tell plenty of stories about the place. Lots of ghost stories, you know. It’s one of those American-Victorian monstrosities, kind of something you’d imagine in a Lovecraft story.”
The silence was so long that Hazard’s voice, when he spoke, sparked a small shock at the base of Somers’s spine. “You’ve read Lovecraft?”
“Jesus Christ. I went to college, all right? Could you try to remember that?”
All Somers got, though, was a grunt and then, “Take the wheel.”
“Why? You’re doing a great job.”
“Take the damn wheel.”
“My hands are still a little chilly.”
“If you don’t grab the wheel right now, I’m going to break every one of your fingers, and then you’ll be wishing they were just cold.”
With a laugh, Somers grabbed Hazard’s hand. The flesh was slightly colder than his own, the fine black hairs on the back of the hand tickling Somers’s palm. He peeled Hazard’s fingers away from the wheel and held onto the other man’s hand, his thumb making small circles on the cool flesh, until Hazard, with a string of swears, jerked his hand free. Somers laughed again, taking hold of the wheel and guiding them down the bumpy road.
“You’re an asshole.”
“So we’re going to talk to whoever’s using the house.”
“You’re a real asshole.”
“And I’ll call up the marketing firm and let them know we’ve had some more problems.”
Hazard was shaking out his hand, as though Somers’s touch had physically hurt him, and seemed ready to remind Somers, again, about his quality of being an asshole. Instead, he asked, “Someone’s there over Thanksgiving?”
“Could be an executive’s retreat. Could be some marketing big whig just brought his family out here.” Another roll of thunder filled the car, and Somers glanced up at the darkness. If it rained, Hazard might very well kill him. If it snowed--well, Hazard would figure out something even worse than murder. “We’ll make it fast, see if anyone was near Mrs. Ferrell’s house, remind them about keeping all the firearms inside the range, and jet back to town. You’ll get back fast enough to eat tacos or spaghetti or grilled cheese, whatever Nico made you.”
“He’s not making grilled cheese, he’s making--” Hazard cut off.
“Come on.”
“Screw you.”
“You aren’t going to tell me anything? The only things I know about you two are what I see firsthand in the apartment. And,” Somers added, a suggestive smirk growing on his face, “what I hear firsthand in the apartment.”
It was hard to tell in the darkness, but Somers was pretty sure that Hazard was blushing. Furiously.
“Most guys talk about their girlfriends. They talk about their dates. They even talk about the ones that aren’t so serious.”
Hazard didn’t reply. He had turned his gaze to the darkened glass, as though studying something in the bluish reflection generated by the dash’s light.
“Nothing?”
When no response came, Somers shrugged and let it drop. There would be another time. And another. And eventually, no matter how many tries it took, Somers would gain Hazard’s confidence about something that didn’t have to do with a dead body. 
Thunder boomed, rattling the windows in the car, but still no rain fell. The road began to even out, and Somers pressed lightly on the accelerator. As they hurried down a smoother stretch of gravel, the headlight cut cups of light out of the darkness. On both sides, the growth was thick; choked with shadows, the dense forest looked more like a jungle, alien and forbidding. This would not be a good place to get stranded, Somers thought, easing up slightly on the accelerator. Or, for that matter, to get lost.
Getting lost, though, was not much of a possibility so long as he remained on the road. There was only one turn before the reached the main highway, and that turn led to Windsor. The gravel turned to brick--honest-to-God red brick, although crumbling at the edges and choked with weeds in places--and a moment later, the Impala’s tires clattered over a bridge.
Hazard, who was glancing out the window, said, “Running high.”
Somers spared the river a quick glance. The Petty Philadelph, which in a hot summer might not be more than a foot deep, now ran so full and so fast that it brushed the bottom of the bridge. The structure vibrated under the force of the water, causing the Impala to shiver as they drove across. It was a short stretch of water, but it was bad enough that Somers was already dreading the return crossing.
The brick drive ran through fields of autumn grass on either side, high enough to block their sight, the long stalks hissing against the glass. After what felt like an eternity, the bricks split, heading in two directions. Somers kept to the right; he’d never been here before, and he ought to have told Hazard that, but Hazard had been a dick about the Lovecraft reference, and the sting hadn’t faded. It was one thing to accept that Hazard was quite a bit smarter than Somers--it was another thing entirely, Somers thought, to rub it every chance he got.
And then the Impala shot past an invisible line, and the fields of autumn grass dropped away to be replaced by a trimmed, dormant lawn. Windsor sprang into view, floating spotlight clouds: turrets and towers, sharply pitched roof with a row of dormers, skinny windows of leaded glass, all of it rising, clutching at the moon with black fingers like a castle built on a distant cliff.
“Holy shit,” Hazard muttered.
“Holy shit,” Somers agreed, forgetting his initial plan to pretend he had been here.
The brick drive curled to the front of the house, and Somers pulled to a stop. As the two men emerged from the Impala, thunder crackled again; Somers squinted up at the sky, blinded by Windsor’s lights. He couldn’t see a thing, but a moment later, a fat raindrop struck him right in the eye. Blinking it away, Somers took the lead, trotting up the steps towards Windsor’s double doors. If he didn’t hurry, if it started raining--well, he’d rather not die tonight.
Up close, Windsor’s details were even more stunning, although shadows cast by the spotlights still hid much of the work. The leaded windows were ornately detailed with flowers--Hazard would probably know what they were--and geometric designs. On the door, more of the big flowers were carved into the wood--delicately detailed carvings that must have cost a fortune. Somers hesitated, surprised to hear the hiss of gas, and realized that the lamps at the door were genuine gaslights.
“What are you waiting for?” Hazard said, pounding on the doors with one fist.
Somers leaned forward, studying the doors with greater attention. Around the flowers, in a cramped margin, men and women paraded: some wearing dresses, some wearing what Somers took for turn-of-the-century suits. Then the gaslights flickered, and the shadows changed, and then Somers had lost track, and it seemed like the men weren’t where they’d been before, and he couldn’t seem to tell where the dresses ended and the suits began.
Before he could study the carving further, the doors swung open. A stunning red-headed woman stood there, wearing a gown. Not a dress. Not a skirt. A gown, like something that had been meant to be worn at a ball or a gala or an opera box: lace and gold-thread embroidery and a square of stunning opal buttons that looked like rainbow fire in the gaslights.
The woman screamed, hands going to her cheeks. “He’s dead, he’s dead. He’s in the house and we’ll all be killed.”
Then, without further ado, she fainted.

About the Author

Learn more about Gregory Ashe and forthcoming works at www.gregoryashe.com.


