


About the Book

When Janika Jones started the Button Up Detective Agency, she was reluctant to get involved in matrimonial problems. However, a desperate call from a woman whose life could be in danger convinces Janika that she needs to take action, urgently.
Meanwhile, Piers Pillinger wants Janika to carry out another job involving Humphrey Broxburn, the owner of a West End art gallery. Piers assures Janika that she is in no danger and she can trust Humphrey absolutely, but when she is bundled into a blacked out vehicle in the centre of London, she wonders who has been deceiving who.
A major theft from the Mill Lane Garage where Rupert Forrester works makes suspicion fall on Rupert who was last to leave and should have locked up and set the alarm. But did he forget? Janika gets assistance from Toby Walton as she tries to track down the thief and put Rupert in the clear. As Janika says about Toby, “He’s not really my boyfriend.” But Abi and Alice have other ideas.
Told by Janika Jones, this is the third slightly darker spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Shoes Clues and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #3
by
Lizzie Lewis ©2021
This eBook ISBN: 978-1-913950-17-0
Also available as a paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-913950-16-3
Published by
White Tree Publishing
Bristol
UNITED KINGDOM
wtpbristol@gmail.com
Full list of books and updates on
https://whitetreepublishing.com
Shoes Clues and Danger is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this abridged edition.


Table of Contents

Cover

About the Book

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Chapter 24

Chapter 25

Chapter 26

Chapter 27

Chapter 28

Chapter 29

Epilogue

The Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance Series

The Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery Series

About White Tree Publishing




Chapter 1

I’m not going to check on my bathroom scales this morning, but I think I’m putting on weight again. My black skirt and white blouse ‒ one size up from the previous ones ‒ already seem to be getting a bit tight around the waist. It must have something to do with the Button Up coffee shop immediately below my office and living accommodation.
I can’t think the coffee is fattening, but those delicious pastries are too hard to resist. And although I fool myself that a light lunch can only be good for me, bacon and cheese toasties, or tuna and cheese baguettes and panini may not fit that definition.
Abi Wells, whom I knew at school as Abi Button, says I need feeding up anyway. She’s part owner of the coffee shop with Melanie Donovan. Abi says when I first arrived here in Craidlea in answer to her advertisement for the office and bedsit above the coffee shop, I looked like a waif.
I don’t think I did, but I was seriously grieving for my husband Sam who’d been murdered by a drugs gang while on official police duty. Still am grieving, of course, but the pain seems to be easing. At times, anyway.
I’m sitting in the office part of my accommodation, but not at my large antique mahogany desk. I’m in one of the small leather armchairs by the window where I can look down into the street and watch people passing by. I have to ask myself if any of them are likely to be interested in my work.
A couple glance up at the large advertising sign in the window that says BUTTON UP DETECTIVE AGENCY. But they don’t bother to stop.
I’m wondering about their interests, because the regional television company wants to feature me in a slot on exciting jobs in the area. For exciting, I think they mean not totally boring. But what can I tell them? That’s the trouble with being a private detective. Everything I do is private.
I exposed a grandmother who was physically abusing her little granddaughter, but that is obviously something the family wants kept secret. The same goes for the episode of Mrs Miller’s young daughter who was having a fling with an older Casanova who claimed to be divorced but was actually still married. Mrs Miller understandably wanted it brought to a halt.
And there is, of course, the incident at Humphrey Broxburn’s Art Gallery in London. But I’m sure he and Piers Pillinger want that kept private. I used to think the word private meant my work wasn’t connected with the police, but I think confidential investigator would be a more accurate term.
Anyway, something interesting I can share might turn up before the interview. It’s not planned for production yet, and the interview is several weeks away. Plenty of time to worry about it.
Of course, the attack by the gang member who tried to force his way into my office and presumably kill me and Detective Inspector Roger Dickinson is hardly private. It got a fair bit of media coverage.
I understand Roger Dickinson quickly settled down after leaving the police force in a hurry, and is working for an uncle where his wife and children went for safety, after they were threatened by the drugs gang. So I’ll not be seeing him again. I quite liked the man. He risked his life to save me when I first set up here in business.
There’s definitely a job I don’t want to discuss on television because of the personal shame involved. The attempt by my previous boyfriend from Poland to pin a charge of attempted murder on me. That attracted crowds outside Button Up, but happily not a lot of publicity.
Maybe I’ll just talk about the attack by the gang member. The three bullet holes in the door at the top of the stairs to my office are still there on show, and so is the damage to my desk where the bullets hit.
But is this the sort of business I want to portray? I see myself as offering peaceful solutions to things that are worrying people, sorting out right from wrong in a fairly low-key way.
And then there’s the incident with Wilfred Chadwick and his missing war medals. That certainly turned into something very nasty. Perhaps I do have a story to tell after all, although I don’t want to attract the wrong sort of clients who deal in firearms on a regular basis. All I want are simple mysteries to solve, with no violence attached ‒ and a decent income of course. Mustn’t forget that.
Toby Walton, he’s not really my boyfriend, says something is sure to turn up soon that will be perfect for the interview. Well, here’s hoping. Ah, that’s my phone ringing. “Button Up Detective agency, Janika Jones speaking. How may I help you?”
“Janika, Piers here. Piers Pillinger. How are you fixed? I have a possible job for you in London next week, and I need to discuss it in some detail.”
I know the usual excuse given for being able to see someone quickly is to say that you’ve just had a cancellation, and can manage it now. But Piers is too astute to be fooled by that.
“Yes, Piers, call round now if you like. I’m in the office for the morning. Or we can meet in Button Up and chat over a coffee.” And maybe over a delicious, fattening pastry. But I refrain from saying that. I don’t mind Abi pulling my leg, but I don’t need unhelpful comments from a man I scarcely know, and am not sure I fully trust.
Piers is laughing. “Definitely not Button Up. Abi does tend to take rather too much interest in what’s going on.”
I know exactly what Piers means. Abi is nosy, but in a very well-meaning way. If she can help at all, she will be sure to go out of her way to put other people first. “Then come round to my office.”
Piers is hesitating. “Well ... er ... the thing is, Janika, it’s difficult to approach the door up to your office without being spotted from the coffee shop. And this job is highly confidential. How about we meet in Parke’s restaurant?”
I feel like saying, “As long as you’re paying.” I know Piers Pillinger isn’t exactly short of money. The job I did for him at Humphrey Broxburn’s art gallery in London paid handsomely, including free first class train travel and a night in a luxury West End hotel.
“Sounds good,” I say, trying to keep a slight tremor of excitement out of my voice. “What time?”
“It’s nine thirty now, Janika. Half an hour? Can you be there by ten?”
Can I! “Yes, Piers, I can manage that.” I’m intrigued. “Is there anything I need to bring?”
The phone has gone silent, but I know Piers is still there. It’s the mid-term school break, and I can hear his two children playing in the background. I don’t need to be a detective to know he’s phoning from home, from his luxurious mansion just outside town.
“When you were doing the assignment for me at the art gallery, you mentioned you had some spectacles, glasses, with a camera built in. I know you weren’t able to use them, but I would like to have a look at them. You might need them on this job. And I imagine you have a small ultraviolet flashlight. Surely every private detective has one in their kit. Something small and discreet, that can be hidden in the hand. That is, if you take the assignment on.”
This sounds like something from Charlie’s Angels. I can remember a repeats of the old TV series from my childhood here in England. Perhaps it was stuff like that that got me interested in detective work.
“Yes, Piers, I have just the thing. And I’ll bring a lead for the spectacles to connect them to my phone if you want to see the quality of the pictures.”
“No, that won’t be necessary, Janika. If the equipment is good enough for you, I’ll take the quality of the images for granted. I just want to see how covert everything is. See you in half an hour at Parke’s.” He pauses for a moment. “And don’t forget, not a word to Abi.”
At least he has the decency to laugh as he says that. It’s thanks to Abi that I met Piers the first time, and I’m sure he doesn’t mean his warning to be any sort of harsh criticism. Actually, I think he has a soft spot for Abi. Come to think of it, I’m hoping he doesn’t have a soft spot for me.
“Janika, I’d rather you didn’t tell anyone about this meeting.”
“Fine.”
Parke’s has a reputation for being a very expensive restaurant, catering for the best clientele. By best, I mean people with plenty of money. We won’t be alone, although I wouldn’t mind someone knowing where I’m going.
Although Piers is married with two young children, I need to be sure his interest is purely professional. I can’t really believe I’m about to be abducted, but I’ll leave a note on my desk.
Of course I won’t. Not really. Being a PI isn’t a game, and I’ve got to take my work seriously. But abduction would surely be going a step too far.

Chapter 2

I’ve never been inside Parke’s before, but I’ve passed it quite a few times. It’s only a five minute walk from Button Up, in the more affluent part of this town of Craidlea that grew up around a large cotton mill ‒ as much as anything around here is affluent. I’ve no idea who Mr Parke is or was, but I guess it’s his name. Like the coffee shop became Button Up.
Abi Wells was Button until she married Danny Wells. Melanie Donovan was Upton until she recently married Steve Donovan and inherited a ginger haired boy as her stepson. Melanie certainly isn’t a weight watcher, but she makes up for her short height and full figure by having a cheerful manner that I’m sure the customers appreciate.
Melanie seems to have taken to young Liam, and I have to say he’s quite a cute kid. In the holidays he often comes in with Melanie and entertains the customers with conjuring tricks that seem to be well in advance of his nine years.
Piers is waiting outside as I approach Parke’s. He’s obviously keen to get this discussion going. I guess he’s in his mid forties, and I’m in my early thirties. I’m hoping we don’t pass as a couple. This is a business meeting, and nothing else. I don’t have any reason to think he’s attracted to me, but if things do get personal I can mention Toby.
“Janika, good to see you again. I’ve phoned ahead and reserved a table in a private corner where we won’t  be overheard.”
As we enter, a young man wearing a dark brown apron over a striped black and white shirt greets Piers by name, so I guess he must be a regular. We are led over deep carpeting to a table in the far corner of the restaurant, away from prying ears and eyes.
I’m thinking of the table in the corner of Button Up which is permanently reserved for family and friends. That table isn’t particularly private or discreet, but it’s the best that could be managed in a small coffee shop.
The coffee lounge is a large room to the left of the main reception area. Straight ahead I can see the dining room. Of course it’s currently closed, but there are tables for two and four already set for lunch. I imagine there will be candles on the tables and some sort of mood lighting for the evening.
“Coffee?” Piers says, as soon as the young man has seated us in the lounge, which is decorated in what I think they call Art Deco style, reminiscent of the jazz era.
I nod. “A regular cappuccino, please.” I suddenly wonder if a cappuccino is too downmarket to ask for in a place like this. It might be like asking for tomato ketchup to accompany some exotic steak prepared by an international chef.
The young man nods without betraying any humour or dismay, and Piers asks for a large Americano. “And a selection of your small French pastries,” he says, and the waiter leaves before I can manage to protest.
Oh well, it’s all in the cause of duty. And I don’t have to eat any of them, although of course it would be rude to refuse to sample at least one. I’ve put on my long black skirt with the matching jacket and white blouse. I tug at the button on the jacket, and it feels surprisingly loose today. Whatever made me think I’m putting on weight?
“Tell me what you know about Expressionist art,” Piers says.
This is hardly a conventional chat up line, and since Piers is somehow connected to the fine art world, this must be why I’m here. “I’ve been to Monet’s house in Giverny, near Rouen,” I say, trying to sound confident as well as knowledgeable. “And when I was with my parents exploring Paris one summer we went to Renoir’s garden in Montmartre. I quite like that sort of art, but I can’t say I’m an expert.”
I can see Piers is trying to hide a smile, although not very successfully. “No, Janika, Expressionist art. You’re confusing it with Impressionist.”
There’s a difference? Fortunately I manage to keep that question to myself.
“Impressionist, neo-Impressionist, Expressionist, German Expressionist.” Piers smiles as he rattles off that list. “I can see it’s confusing to you, Janika. In simplistic terms, Impressionist painters wanted to capture an impression of colour, movement and life. Expressionists wanted to express their personal interpretation of colour, movement and life. Hence the terminology. Question is, Janika, are you prepared to learn the basics?”
“That depends,” I say, hoping my face isn’t glowing too bright a shade of red with embarrassment. “What’s the job?”
I can see Piers is still smiling, the sort of confident smile you get from going to an expensive school. Abi has assured me that Piers went to one of the major English boarding schools, and also hinted that I ought to be a little bit careful as Piers is, to use her expression, probably a little bit dodgy.
So far I’ve not seen any sign of that, although my visit to Humphrey Broxburn’s art gallery in London had more then an air of intrigue about it. I’m glad I didn’t get caught taking that photograph.
“You remember Humphrey Broxburn,” Piers says. It’s a statement, and the mention of the name out loud makes me jump. It’s as though my thoughts have been turning into spoken words.
“And what unfortunate art gallery owner is it to be this time?” I ask, trying to sound totally confident and up to whatever challenge he’s about to throw at me.
Piers nods. “It’s Humphrey again.”
This is clearly a joke. I have a few wigs and various clothes for disguise, but that man is definitely going to recognise me. As far as I can gather, the pastel I had to photograph wasn’t a copy, as Humphrey claimed it to be. It was a stolen original ‒ or as Piers later described it, a picture with confused ownership.
The coffee and French pastries have arrived, and Piers passes me the exotic silver double tiered stand on which they are arranged. They are so small that they remind me of the cakes I had in a toy cookery set when I was really young.
“Help yourself to whatever you fancy.” Piers repeats his easy laugh. “I can see you don’t need to watch your waistline, Janika.”
I guess it’s some sort of flattery, and I smile an uneasy smile as I help myself to a small and delicate tarte au citron with a tiny chocolate disc in the centre. It looks tasty, but I’m going to prefer it without the chocolate. I don’t know why the French think chocolate and lemon go together on pastries. I just hope I can pick it off without causing offence.
“Humphrey isn’t going to fall for the trick twice,” I say, remembering how I was Janika Bartol, allegedly an assistant to the imaginary James B Chesterfield, a wealthy New York art collector and dealer. Piers even put my fake name on the very official visiting card he’d set up for me, using my birth name Bartol in case I failed to answer if someone wanted to attract my attention, and called out a made-up one.
Piers has helped himself to a delicate pain au raisin. The miniature pain au raisin is so small and delicate that Piers pops it into his mouth in one piece. I’m sure they don’t teach you to do that in posh boarding schools in England, but he taps his mouth delicately with the white napkin embroidered with the name Parke’s, and smiles.
“The past is all forgiven, Janika,” Piers says as soon as he’s swallowed the pastry, apparently in one gulp, helped by a sip of his Americano. “You’re a hero and a genius in Humphrey’s eyes. Yes, he got shown up by you and your ingenuity, and clearly lost the sale to the imaginary James B Chesterfield.”
“So did he lose out financially?” I ask, having cut and swallowed a very small piece of my tarte au citron. 
Piers shrugs casually. “I know things are hard at the moment in the world of fine art, but he might have got a reward for returning it to the true owner.” He grins broadly.
“Piers,” I say, trying not to sound too judgmental or pious, “the man seems like a crook, and you want me to get caught aiding and abetting a dealer handling stolen goods? Is that it? If so, I don’t want any part in it. I’m a new kid on the block when it comes to private detectives, and I don’t want to end up on the wrong side of the law. It wouldn’t be good for the small reputation I’ve been building up over the past few months.”
Piers looks rather surprised and swallows hard. For all I know he’s just swallowed the miniature tarte framboise. I can’t see it on the plate, and there’s a bit of red on the corner of his mouth. It looks like raspberry, and it clearly didn’t come from the pain au raisin.
“Do help yourself, Janika,” Piers says, handing me the display again. “More coffee?”
I shake my head for the coffee, but reach forward to take the other tarte au citron. I’m enjoying myself here, basking in unaccustomed luxury ‒ as long as Piers is paying. And I’m sure he will be.
“Humphrey Broxburn and I are working together on this one. A mutual friend of ours has been financially embarrassed by someone selling him an Expressionist work under false pretences. At the moment, we don’t know where the culprit and his partner in crime are operating from.”
“Isn’t this a job for the police?” I ask.
Piers shrugs. “Sometimes these things are best kept within the world of fine art. We like to carry out our own justice where possible. Because you are completely unknown in the art world, Humphrey and I feel you are just the person to carry out a small test, completely unobserved. Did you bring your spectacles and ultraviolet light?”
I’ve already bitten into the tarte au citron and forgotten to remove the disc of chocolate. Actually, the two combined are more tasty than I expected, although I prefer my tarte au citron neat, so to speak. “You’re sure this is perfectly legal, Piers?”
Piers nods. “I promise, Janika. Not only legal, but you’ll be doing the legitimate world of fine art a great favour. Humphrey may feel able to tell you more later.”
I notice that the second tarte pomme is no longer on the display stand, nor is it on Pier’s plate. This man could almost beat young Liam Donovan for his magic disappearing tricks.
“Is the kit in your bag?” Piers glances around, almost nervously. Me, I would be much more casual in checking to see if anyone was taking an interest in us. In fact, I’ve been doing that several times already, and I have no reason to believe we are being watched, apart from the young waiter wearing the dark brown apron over a striped black and white shirt, who seems to be taking no more than a professional interest in the customers at the various tables.
I reach into my bag and bring out a standard spectacle case and a small black flashlight. Piers reaches forward and opens the case, revealing a pair of spectacles with curved, thick plain lenses with no bottom to the frame. They’re the sort of design people often use for reading. He picks them up and puts them on.
“How do I look, Janika? Do they suit me?”
This is the first time I’ve seen them on anyone, and I have to admit they look pretty much like regular opticians’ glasses. Only someone interested in optics would notice that there is no magnification or other optical effect on the sides of Piers’ face when seen through the lenses.
He nods appreciatively, then takes them off and examines them closely. “The lenses look credible, but the side arms are rather thick. Almost clumsy.” He’s frowning. “Is the average person expected to be fooled by them?”
“The arms have to be thick, Piers. The left arm contains the recording circuitry, the operating switches, the memory card and the battery. The right-hand one obviously has to be the same size to match, even though it doesn’t do anything.”
I smile what I hope is a confident smile, and take them from him. I put them on my face, tucking the arms securely into my thick, slightly curly dark hair.
Piers looks at me closely and smiles. “Fine, I’m convinced. Let me have another look at them, now I know we’re onto a potential winner here.”
He notices a switch on the side of the thick arm which takes single photographs, and presses it. The click sounds surprisingly noticeable in this coffee lounge where only gentle 30’s style jazz music is playing quietly in the background.
“This could be a bit of a problem,” he says, almost to himself. “There are two tiny push switches here on the arm. What do they both do?” He presses one after the other and frowns when he hears the click they each make. “Not exactly subtle spy kit.”
“One switch works a video, and the other takes stills. What do you have in mind, Piers?”
“Let me see the ultraviolet flashlight, Janika.”
I pass it to him and he switches it on, shining it on the immaculately white tablecloth, which instantly glows bright blue. He turns it off quickly, and glances around furtively. As far as I can tell we’ve not been noticed. The other people at the tables are too engrossed to notice the brief flash of fluorescence.
Piers is wearing the spectacles again, and he’s frowning. “If you made something fluoresce under UV light, like modern paper for instance, could you take a photograph with the spectacles? Would it work?”
I’ve already done a few tests in my training with exactly that in mind, telling pre-1940s paper from new, and it worked every time. “Absolutely, Piers. All I would need to do is shine the ultraviolet beam onto the paper and take a quick photograph.”
“Problem there, Janika. You and I can hear the click, even with this background music. In a silent art gallery or a collector’s home you’d be caught immediately.”
“The ultraviolet flashlight is going to be a bit of a giveaway as well. You saw the blue visible light when you switched it on,” I say. “The fluorescence is much brighter, but the blue background light is what it is.”
Piers is frowning, when a sudden thought occurs to me. “The battery in the spectacles lasts for about fifteen minutes, and the memory card will last for about two hours before it’s full.”
Much to my relief Piers looks interested again. “Go on, Janika.”
“So I could go to a quiet corner or cough loudly and switch on the video. It’s the switch a bit further back on the arm of the spectacles. Any stills grabbed from the video are almost as good as a picture taken with the single shot button. Is someone going to be watching?”
Piers nods. “Absolutely, Janika. Watching you like a hawk. That’s why Humphrey can’t do it himself, even if he had the necessary gear. He will attempt to cause a diversion, relying on you not to get detected. I have to say you seem to be well prepared with your equipment.”
I think it’s time to show off a little. “I’ve also got an infrared filter that goes with one of my small digital cameras. It looks absolutely black to the eye, and only lets infrared light through. I’ve got an infrared flashlight which provides illumination.”
Piers frowns. Perhaps he’s not as impressed as I expected. “I don’t see how that’s going to help on this job, Janika. I’ll have a think about it.”
I shake my head. “The camera needs to be set up on a stand or tripod. Definitely not the sort of thing to use for sneaky work, and of no use here, as you say. I was just making the point.” I shrug, feeling too small for words.
Piers nods, but he does look surprisingly interested. “I’ve occasionally needed that service to examine paintings. Often looking for signatures or areas that have been over-painted. Tell you what, next time I get a job requiring infrared photography, I’ll be sure to call you first. Saves sending artwork or documents to one of the galleries or museums if the work is valuable. And I often wish I could examine them personally. Maybe from time to time over several  days as new possibilities occur to me.”
I’m not sure if Piers is joking. “I’ll give it a go if you like, without any guarantee of success. And if you don’t like the results, there will of course be no fee. I’ll be honest with you, Piers, I’ve never tried it on paintings. In fact, I’ve never tried it at all apart from at college. That’s when we were looking for altered or erased signatures on documents. I guess it would work with paintings, too.”
I realise Piers is tapping his fingers on the table rather impatiently. I smile. “Anyway, enough of that. What exactly does the job in London entail?”
 “We’ll come to that in a moment, Janika. First of all, you’re going to have to swot up on Impressionism, Post-Impressionism, Expressionism and German Expressionism. When you were at school, how good were you at passing exams?”

Chapter 3

I’m feeling exhausted as I enter Button Up and crash out in one of the chairs at the reserved table at the far end of the coffee shop. I can see Abi eyeing me with great interest. How on earth am I going to learn enough about all those painters and classifications to satisfy an expert?
Maybe Piers is right. Maybe I only need to have a passing knowledge and be able to identify the various styles if asked. At least I don’t have to learn the names of all the painters and their known paintings.
“Busy morning?”
I look up and force a smile at Abi. “Oh, you know, this and that. Nothing special.”
Of course Abi doesn’t believe me. She sits down by my side. “If you ever need a shoulder to lean on or cry on, I’m always here, Janika.”
“Thanks, Abi, I’m just thinking about a possible job. I’ll tell you about it later.” If I say it’s confidential, that will immediately invite lots of questions. So I need to play it down. “At the moment I’m more bothered about the interview planned with the regional television studio. What am I going to talk about?”
Abi grins. “Since you started here, you’ve done all sorts of exciting things. The viewers will be fascinated to learn some of the details.”
I shake my head. “The problem is, Abi, most of the jobs are confidential.”
“That’s easy, Janika. The bullet holes are still in the door upstairs. Get them to come round here for the interview and you can make sure they get a close-up of the holes. That was on the news anyway.”
Abi calls across to young Pete Wilders who is behind the service counter, wearing the traditional Button Up black and cream striped jacket with the Button Up logo. “Pete, a large cappuccino for Janika. She looks bushed.” She turns to me. “A cheese and tuna panini?”
I nod, lost in thoughts of Impressionism and Expressionism.
“And if you get the chance in the television interview,” Abi says, “please mention Button Up and the wonderful coffee and food we serve here.”
I think she’s joking, but I can never be sure with Abi.
She raises a finger as though she’s just had a brilliant idea. “We’ve had some flyers printed. You’ve already asked the local shops to put a few of yours on their counters. We’re doing the same with ours, I’ll give you a few. You can hand them out to your clients.”
Abi fetches a bundle from the service counter. There are far more than I can use, but I’m happy to give out as many as I can. Button Up has an amazing, welcoming atmosphere. I think it’s down more to the staff than the actual coffee shop. Perhaps it’s both. I’m ever so glad I saw Abi and Melanie’s advert for the accommodation when I was looking to start my detective agency.
Liam Donovan’s young ears must have heard my name, because the boy appears from the stockroom carrying a book he’s been reading. At least he’s not been on his Nintendo Switch playing games for once. It’s the mid-term school break, and Melanie brings him in most days.
The lad is remarkably well behaved, although I’m not quite sure if he sometimes spends too much time on his Nintendo Switch playing games in the stockroom. But at least it’s been a book today. Melanie Donovan follows him out, so I guess his reading matter has been approved.
“Janika,” Liam says, running across to my table, “I’ve got a new magic trick. It’s brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. Have you got a pound coin?”
I’ve seen Liam do tricks with coins before, putting one in his hand, closing it, then opening it and the coin has disappeared. Then he makes it appear from various places, often from the ears of other children in the coffee shop. I think some families come in just for the entertainment.
So this is a new trick. He grins as I hand him the coin. “Thank you, Janika. Now watch carefully. I’m going to turn this pound into a jam donut. Do you believe me?”
Of course I don’t believe him. He has the coin clutched in his right hand and his left hand is empty, so I don’t even need to play along. I shake my head. “Impossible,” I say, meaning it.
“Right, here we go.” He closes his eyes and mutters a few pseudo-magic words, and opens his eyes again. Then he calls out to Pete who is still behind the service counter, “A jam donut please, Pete. Staff discount.” And he holds up the pound coin.
I think Pete must be in on the trick, because he has the jam donut already on a plate. He brings it across quickly and takes the pound. Then he winks at me. I’ve been well and truly had.
Before I can protest that it wasn’t magic, Liam already has red jam dribbling down his chin as he tucks into the donut. The contrast between Liam eating and Piers Pillinger scoffing the tarte framboise in one bite isn’t too dissimilar, and I have to laugh. Actually, I feel really cheered up. All’s well with the world, both with young ginger haired kids and wealthy art collectors. I’m just so glad to be mixed up with both.
I’m feeling a sort of deep down happiness that I’ve not felt for over a year, since it all came to a sudden end with Sam’s murder. He was a detective in the Brevelstone CID, murdered while investigating a drugs gang. I thought I’d never be able to smile again, but with help from two of Sam’s friends in Brevelstone, and Detective Constable Courtney Jacobs who had worked with Sam, I began to face the real world again.
Doing the private detective course and passing the exams helped me gain some self-confidence, which had been lacking all my life until I met Sam. Bruno Kamiński was a bully who considered himself my boyfriend back in Poland. He knocked every single bit of self-confidence out of me, such as it ever was. He also punched and kicked the baby out of me that I was expecting. The little boy was stillborn less than six months into the pregnancy.
My parents, bearing in mind that Bruno’s father and mine are partners in the construction business, wanted the bullying played down. The only solution was to run back to England where my English mother and Polish father had lived until I was fifteen. Abi says she can remember me, and I have embarrassing memories of being the school mouse. Well, not any more. I’ve taken on Bruno, and won. I’ve also passed my exams for being a private investigator.
All I have to do now is learn about Expressionist art and all that stuff. I’m quite good at passing exams, so I don’t think it’s going to be too tricky. What is tricky is carrying out the assignment that Humphrey Broxburn wants me to do at some undisclosed address in London. There’s a label on the back of a picture saying it was exhibited at a major art exhibition in Berlin in 1931. Paper of that age doesn’t fluoresce. Not even in the slightest.
Taking a photograph under ultraviolet light to prove it one way or the other should be a piece of cake. A piece of tarte au citron ‒ if there wasn’t a serious amount of danger involved. Some art dealers, especially unscrupulous ones, do not like to be caught out when they are trying to pass off an illegal work of art.
Maybe I’m not feeling so cheerful after all. Oh, come on, Janika, it’s only a job. A job that’s going to pay very well, according to Piers. I smile to myself, and the phone makes me jump.
Abi is still sitting with me, and she nods to the phone. “Aren’t you going to answer it?”
Of course I am. I just need to compose myself. I don’t recognise the number. It’s a local landline, not a mobile. It might be a valuable job, or it might be Piers Pillinger phoning from home to let me know that Humphrey has decided against risking his reputation by using me.
“Button Up Detective Agency. Janika Jones speaking. How may I help you?”
A panicky voice says, “I need your help. I think my husband is planning to poison me.”

Chapter 4

Mrs Smothers, if that’s her name – surely not, but she’s talking so rapidly I can only catch the occasional word – may or may not be sane. It’s hard to judge at the moment. I’m not an expert on these things.
“Mrs Smothers‒‒‒‒”
“Struthers. Mrs Deborah Struthers. Please call me Debbie.”
I look at Abi, roll my eyes, and wave her away. Having been caught by Liam, this could also be a practical joke. Perhaps it’s one of Pete Wilders’ student friends. On the other hand, the woman sounds too old to be anyone Pete would know.
I’d like to call her bluff, but it could be a genuine cry for help. “Mrs Struthers, Debbie, do I know you?”
“No. Is that important?”
I can’t very well ask her out loud in the coffee shop why she thinks her husband is planning to poison her. There are too many ears flapping. Customers as well as staff. “Is it all right if I phone you back in a few minutes? Shall I use the landline number you’re calling from?”
I can see a look of disappointment on Abi’s face, but Debbie Struthers agrees somewhat reluctantly for a call-back. “Don’t let me down,” she says, and I end the call. I can imagine Abi saying, “And don’t eat or drink anything your husband prepares in the meantime!”
But this might not be a joking matter. It’s easy to judge these things too quickly and come to the wrong conclusions. I wouldn’t want the woman’s death on my hands.
The serious tone of Mrs Struthers’ voice has been bugging me for the last few minutes. I dial her number, half expecting someone to answer and say, “Fooled you!”
“Oh, I’m so glad you’ve phoned back. I’m really, really worried. My husband still lives with me, but I know he hates me. I hate him too, for that matter. Good for nothing man. He wants me out of the way. He’s seeing another woman. I know he’s planning to poison me.”
I’m going to have to go along with believing in Debbie Struthers’ sanity. At least for the moment. “Poisoning sounds a bit extreme, Debbie. Have you discussed divorce?”
“I don’t think his fancy woman believes in divorce. She believes in widowhood.”
“Do you have any real evidence that your husband is trying to poison you?”
“That’s what the police asked. I was hoping to get more sense from you. After all, you advertise that you’re a private detective. I picked up one of your flyers at the print shop. They said you’re good. Don’t you believe me either?”
“Mrs Struthers, Debbie, if I’m going to help you I need to ask some questions, just as the police did. Can you tell me what they said to you?”
“They were no help at all. I could tell by the way they looked at each other that they thought I was imagining things. Perhaps a bit crazy. Well, I’m not!”
“So have you been ill after eating or drinking something your husband has given you?”
Debbie laughs. It’s a slightly wild laugh. “Oh, I’m much too crafty for that. I only eat my own food. You should see the way Len looks at me. That’s my husband. He’s angry that I won’t eat anything he prepares. I think he knows I’m on to him.”
“Someone needs to talk to your husband. I’m not saying it’s imagination, but he might have a perfectly rational explanation for things. Do you have any proof that there’s poison in the food he offers you? In fact, do you have any evidence that he is even seeing another woman?”
I can hear Debbie Struthers gasping with exasperation. “I knew you wouldn’t believe me. Just like the police. You just wait. It will be too late when I’m dead. So I’ll say, ‘I told you so,’ now, in advance.”
I’m not sure if I’d rather be learning about late nineteenth and early twentieth century art periods and painters, or interviewing a possible lunatic ‒ who could perhaps be a potential murder victim.
“I’ve got proof here. I know where you are in town. I’ll be there in fifteen minutes with all the evidence you need.”
Without waiting to hear if I’m free, she puts the phone down. I note her number on my phone and wait a couple of minutes for her to calm down. Then I ring back. The phone rings and rings, but there’s no answer. Debbie Struthers must really be in a hurry to see me if she’s left already. So it looks as though I’ll have to wait.
Proof? What sort of proof does she have?
Mrs Struthers arrives sixteen minutes later, clutching a small and rather tatty navy blue handbag with a large gold coloured clasp. I guess she’s in her late 50s, and not the elderly woman I was expecting. She doesn’t even seem out of breath after walking up the stairs with me.
She opens the handbag and puts a polythene sandwich bag containing a piece of buttered toast on my desk. With a gleam of triumph in her eyes, she says, “If you need proof, check this out. Len made it for me for tea yesterday. He thought I was going to eat it, but I managed to hide it away. He was watching me all evening as though expecting me to fall over dead.”
I pick up the bag warily and examine the contents. It looks just like plain buttered white toast. Sliced bread. I can’t see crystals or anything suspicious on the surface. Anyway, how am I going to get it analysed?
If I send this to a laboratory it will cost a fortune, and probably be a total waste of money. And would Mrs Struthers accept the results anyway? Her mind seems to be made up. I need to hear what Mr Struthers has to say before considering taking on the investigation, such as it is.
“I’ll hold onto the toast for now, Mrs Struthers, Debbie, but perhaps I should come round this evening and see you both. I can’t ask you to stay now. I have to be going out soon to see another client.”
Another client? Can I accept Mrs Struthers as a client? I think her husband needs a good talking to, so he knows that his wife is suspicious. And if Debbie Struthers is right, and she is about to be poisoned, that will put him off the idea of poison, and he’ll think seriously about divorce as being the less risky option.
“You can decide exactly how much investigation you want, Debbie. I won’t charge anything for the initial interview. Will your husband be in this evening?”
“I don’t want Len to know I’m seeing you.”
This doesn’t quite make sense. “But if your husband knows you’re seeing a private investigator, surely the last thing he’ll do now is poison you.” I’m hoping I don’t sound too patronising, or even as if I’m speaking to someone a little bit simple.
“My life would be bad if my husband knows I’m seeing you.” There’s a long pause, then Debbie Struthers says, “No, perhaps you’re right, Janika. If Len knows, it might put a stop to his evil plan. I don’t know who his fancy woman is, but you might be able to find out.”
“This isn’t really my sort of work,” I tell Debbie.
She doesn’t seem to be listening. “All I know is she’s called Sheila. Can you track her down?”
“So you’re thinking a divorce is the best option?” When I set up my detective agency, I decided to avoid domestic incidents and investigations, but this does sound like something I should get involved in. It will be fascinating to learn what Mr Struthers has to say. I’ve no idea if he’ll be angry or think the whole situation ludicrous.
I can imagine him pushing me out of the front door into the road, and assuring me that his wife is seeing a psychiatrist and getting all the help necessary. And he can only apologise for wasting my time.
In a way, I hope that’s what’s going to happen. I might investigate the occasional matrimonial matter reluctantly, but murders I leave well alone. Murders are definitely for the police to solve, although I did manage to convince the coroner that Sam’s death was murder, not suicide as the police initially seemed to believe.
I glance up at the clock above the old mantelpiece. There’s no fire, just central heating, but the fireplace makes a great feature. It’s nearly two thirty. I’m meeting Piers Pillinger at 3 o’clock in the park, and I’ve got a few things to do before that ‒ like returning for a coffee in Button Up. Piers is going to give me some books of information on the various art periods. He was reluctant to bring them round to Button Up. He didn’t actually give a reason, but I can guess.
“What will be a convenient time to call, Debbie?”
“Len will be back soon after six. He works in one of the commercial units where the old cotton mill used to be. He wants his meal as soon as he’s back. I’ll have already eaten, of course. Can you manage seven?”
I tell her I can. What an amazing day. Two possible assignments. One from Piers Pillinger, leading me into possible danger in London, all for the sake of a label on the back of a painting that may or may not be as old as it claims to be. And a call and a brief visit from Debbie Struthers to investigate her husband with murder in his mind, allegedly. I’ve no idea what either job will lead to, but I’ll soon be finding out.
I have to behave responsibly. The toast is still sitting on my desk in the polythene sandwich bag. I’ve got time to phone Courtney. Detective Constable Courtney Jacobs was a great help to me, and a work colleague of Sam’s. We are still occasionally in contact with each other. I’m going to phone her now.
Courtney answers quickly. “Brevelstone CID. I’m sorry, but we’re far too busy to take calls from the public. If it’s really urgent, please don’t hesitate to phone again next week.”
There’s a long pause, then she laughs and says, “How are things today, Janika? Your name came up on my screen.”
I laugh as well. “You’re going to do that once too often, Courtney. You might misread the name. Anyway, to be honest, I’m worried about someone who’s just been to see me. It’s a middle-aged woman here in town who thinks her husband is trying to poison her. She’s even presented me with a piece of toast he made her yesterday for tea. There’s no way I can get it analysed. What do you suggest?”
“That’s easy, Janika. Don’t get involved. Tell her to go to the local police station and make a formal report.”
“That’s what I told her. She’s been there, done that. She says they haven’t taken her seriously. Can I send the toast to you in Brevelstone?”
“Sorry, Janika, this is a job for the local police. Go with her to the police station, and take the toast with you. Even if they’re not taking the woman seriously, they may listen to you. Tell me, do you have any other evidence, apart from the toast, of course?”
“I’ve arranged to see her this evening. She says her husband will be there. If he knows she’s on to him, he might stop.”
“Janika, without meeting this woman I’ve no idea about her state of mind. I’ll make an official note of your call. Hang onto the toast for now. Unlikely, but it might come in as evidence if she’s ever taken ill. Give me her name and address for the records. Oh, and by the way, I’m glad you phoned. I was going to phone you. I’ve got some exciting news.”
“Ollie has asked you to marry him?”
Courtney laughs. “Have another guess.”
“You’ve asked Ollie to marry you?”
“Not yet, but I’m certainly tempted to do it soon. No, I’m about to be promoted to detective sergeant. But don’t spread it round. It’s not official yet.”
“That’s wonderful news, Courtney. We must have a celebration meal.”
“Great idea, Janika. There’s a posh restaurant near you in Craidlea. I expect you know it. It’s called Parke’s. I went there once with my parents, years ago, and I’ve been looking for an excuse to go there again.”
“Wonderful. Bring Ollie. I’ve not met him yet.”
“And you must bring Toby.”
I squeeze my eyes tight shut for a moment. “I’m not sure, Courtney. We’re just sort of friends at the moment. I’m not really ready for anything else.”

Chapter 5

“Another possible job,” I say casually to Abi as I sit down again in Button Up. I have twenty minutes to fill before meeting Piers Pillinger for the art books, and I’ve burnt up a lot of nervous energy in the meantime. “I quite fancy a jam donut,” I say. “Assuming Liam hasn’t eaten them all.”
Liam has obviously heard my voice. He comes out of the stockroom looking rather sheepish. “Melanie says I have to give you the pound back.”
He’s gripping it in his right hand which he holds out to me. He’s looking glum and I take pity on him. As far as I’m concerned I was caught fair and square. “Here you are, Janika.”
I reach forward to take it, but it’s only a test. I intend to give it back to him. He certainly earned it. But it’s not in his hand anymore. I don’t recall the lad closing his fingers over the coin. But it’s definitely not there.
“Where is it?” he asks, in pretend surprise. He comes across and puts his hand by my right ear. “No, it’s not there. It must be somewhere.”
“When you find it, keep it, Liam,” I say. “But don’t spend it on another donut.”
Liam grins a cheeky grin. “I’m going to be a private detective like you. I’m going to be a sort of magic detective.”
I’ve no idea what sort of job a magic detective does, but it sounds intriguing. “What are you going to do, Liam? Make all the wrong things in the world disappear by magic?”
I think I’ve misjudged the boy. I can see his face fall. “I’m serious, Janika. There must be all sorts of things a detective can do using conjuring tricks. I want you to train me to be the best magic private detective in the world.”
I laugh, but it’s a kind laugh. At least, I hope it is. I don’t want to dampen his young enthusiasm. “I don’t know any conjuring tricks, Liam. You’re much better at them then I could ever be. Perhaps I can help you become the sort of private detective I am.”
“I’ve already got night vision binoculars so I can keep an eye on bad people,” Liam says, pocketing the pound coin he has just “found” in my hair. I don’t think he was ever intending to give it back to me. “Wait here, Janika.”
I glance up at the large clock above the service counter. I just love the way it’s shaped like a coffee cup. I’ll have to leave soon if I’m to meet Piers in the small park along the road, but I want to encourage the boy to take an interest in things that don’t involve a screen.
I have a pair of night vision binoculars that Liam has enthused over, amazed by how it’s possible to see in what is to all intents and purposes complete darkness. They work with an image intensifier, which magnifies even the slightest bit of starlight coming through dense clouds. They are different from the less expensive infrared binoculars and telescopes which rely on emitting an invisible infrared beam that can penetrate perhaps several hundred yards in the right conditions. The image from both systems usually appears on a green screen.
Liam appears from the stockroom holding a pair of what are very obviously toy binoculars. He flicks the switch and a bright LED pops up on top. I’m not sure what to say.
“Look through the lenses, Janika,” Liam says. “See, everything is green. Don’t you think it’s clever?”
“This is fun,” I say. I’m trying to let the boy down gradually. The idea of night vision binoculars and telescopes is to work unseen. A white LED shining from the front isn’t going to be helpful!
“Of course, this is only a toy,” Liam says, sounding very grown-up. “I know I couldn’t use them on a real job, but they’re fun to play with. I’ve used them in the woods by Abi’s house with my friends. We pretend we’re spies, doing dangerous work.”
Well, that’s a big relief. “Thank you for showing them to me, Liam.”
“Can I come with you on one of your surveillance jobs, Janika. We could use your real binoculars. Spying on people and finding the baddies. I’d like that. I’d like you to take me on all sorts of jobs, so when I leave school I can be your partner. You’ll be old, and you’re sure to need help by then.”
I’m quite touched by the boy’s admiration, but not his overestimation of my age. I wonder what he’d think if he knew I was going to talk to a woman who thinks her husband is trying to poison her. Actually, what on earth am I doing, even considering seeing Debbie Struthers again?
“I’ve been thinking, Janika, that you could take me along sometimes. You showed me the ginger wig you keep in your filing cabinet. If you have a job where you want to keep an eye on someone in the daytime, but don’t want to be noticed, we could go together and people would think you’re my mum.”
As he says the word “mum” I can see a certain sadness in his eyes. Steve Donovan is his dad, and Liam’s real mother has gone off with a much younger man, leaving Steve to bring up his son. Fortunately, Steve and Melanie had been seeing each other for some time since the breakdown of Steve’s relationship several years back, and they are now married.
As far as I can tell, it’s a good marriage, and Liam has accepted the situation, although he calls Melanie by her name, rather than calling her mum. I think that’s probably healthy. The lad has his head screwed on correctly, although I can’t think he’d be much use as an assistant at the age of nine. But when he’s left school, who knows how needy I’ll be in my “old age”?
If business picks up, and I don’t meet an untimely death in a London art gallery, or get poisoned sharing a cup of tea with Debbie Struthers, I will probably be in need of an assistant. But at the moment I’d rather work alone and be my own boss. I’m sort of getting used to life without Sam. I’m not sure if that’s a good or a bad thing. Sam was the making of my life after I ran away from Poland and Bruno.
Toby Walton is a friend, but that’s all. I met him at Abi’s church when Abi twisted my arm to go, and he certainly was a great help in setting up my new computer. But at the moment I don’t want any changes in my life. I’ve come here to Craidlea, the town where I grew up, to be a private detective, a loner, with just a few friends in Button Up. And that should be enough for anyone.
I’m going to church occasionally. Toby’s not the only attraction there. I’m starting to understand something of what it was that Sam discovered, even though I was totally unable to “get” anything when I went with Sam ‒ somewhat reluctantly.
And now it’s time to meet Piers Pillinger and get the books. I haven’t changed out of my black skirt and jacket and white blouse, along with fifteen denier barely black sheer tights. I want to keep this assignment professional. After all, Piers, or perhaps Humphrey, will be paying generously for my skills – assuming I can pull the job off without being murdered or arrested.

Chapter 6

I nip up to my office to check my hair and makeup before meeting Piers. The direct way to the park is to come out of my door at the bottom of the stairs from the office, turn right past the large glass frontage of Button Up, and walk straight down the road to the small park at the end.
However, I decide to turn left as I lock my door and go round the back of Button Up, past the yard where Melanie and I park our cars, and not give Abi any hint of where I’m going.
I know I’m not being followed, but I can always pretend. I smile to myself. I could be young Liam Donovan, playing at being a detective. Maybe even a magic detective, if I knew what that was. Back in the office in my bag of kit I have a pair of sunglasses which are lightly silvered on the inside, and heavily silvered near the outer edges. By turning my head slightly left and right I can see who or what is behind me.
The only drawback is that the lenses are flat, not convex like conventional sunglasses, so from the front they don’t look particularly realistic. A flat lens is obviously necessary, in order to judge the distance of who or what is behind, or it would be like the wing mirrors on a car, where everything looks much further away and smaller than it really is.
I must get a pair with convex lenses with small mirrors stuck on the outer edges. But these also have their drawbacks, because the mirrors can be more easily seen by someone walking behind ‒ if they know what to look for. Of course, most people don’t even think about it when they see someone wearing sunglasses.
Anyway, playing at detectives, I pause occasionally to adjust my shoe or look at something by the side of the road, and casually glance behind. Of course there’s no one there, but it’s sort of practice. Oh, I’m being ridiculous. I’m blaming Liam for this. Being a private detective definitely isn’t a game. It’s time I grew up.
Piers Pillinger is already sitting on a bench in the park when I get there. Being a true gentleman, he stands up as I approach. “I hope I haven’t dragged you away from anything important, like a murder investigation.”
He surely can’t know about Debbie Struthers. It’s too ridiculous to think that everybody is involved in playing some elaborate trick on me.
I smile. “I leave that sort of thing to the police, Piers. Private detectives don’t look into criminal matters ‒ just people’s problems.” Although I do keep a piece of toast in a sandwich bag on my desk, just in case it’s poisoned. I manage to refrain from saying that. The joke would surely be lost on Piers Pillinger. He seems to take life quite seriously.
Piers taps the seat by his side and invites me to sit down by him. I sit down at a suitable distance and cross my legs. Then I uncross them. I’m aware they’re not the greatest legs in the world, but I don’t want to distract him. I’m here on business.
“Right,” Piers says, completely ignoring my legs and removing some large books from an oversized briefcase. Fortunately, the books look relatively thin for their size. “Down to business, Janika.”
He opens the first book, which from the large illustration on the cover obviously contains Impressionist art. It’s the well-known painting of a field of poppies by Claude Monet.
“Have a quick look through this book in your own time, Janika,” Piers says. “Note the general style. Impressionist painters wanted to show the brushstrokes, which was a revolution. The Old Masters like Raphael and Rembrandt before that time usually did their best to disguise the brushwork and record what they saw with great accuracy. Rather like a modern colour photograph,”
I flick through a few pages of Impressionist paintings. Although I’d not thought of it before, I remember Piers saying the Impressionist painters captured movement and life, and now I can understand what he means. That’s exactly what they’ve done.
I’ve not even finished glancing through the Impressionist pages when Piers passes me the next book. It’s called Post-Impressionist, and has a large picture of a yellow wheat field with crows flying above it, by Vincent van Gogh.
As I open the book, Piers says, “By the mid 1880s, painters wanted to portray their own view of the outside world, often representing it by strong colours. They wanted to portray their inner feelings in paint, often with unconventional brushstrokes. It can be very effective. Then almost at the same time, came Expressionist art, which was more extreme.”
“Like The Scream by Edvard Munch?” I suggest, pointing to the cover of the next book.
Piers nods. “Exactly, Janika. And then we come to the German Expressionist painters. They put even more emphasis on inner feelings and bright colours, getting right away from exact representation of their subjects.”
“So The Scream is German Expressionism? That painting looks really weird. I mean, no one really looks like that. It’s just a mass of brushstrokes swirled around the scary face. I think it is quite evocative of something.”
I think I’m showing off now, saying things I don’t really understand. I hope my mouth doesn’t run away with me if and when I get to see Humphrey Broxburn. That would be a real giveaway.
“Not Munch, Janika. Edvard Munch was Norwegian, although you’re right about the period.”
That’s what comes of showing off. I always believed that with a name like Munch the man was German. I don’t know where I got that idea from, and I must do my best to forget it. Norwegian, Norwegian, Norwegian. There, that should do it.
“I want you to go through these books, taking in as much as you can. But this is the one where I particularly want you to try to remember some of the painters’ names and their works.”
Piers taps the fourth book. It’s smaller than the others, but as I flick through it I can see that it’s full of some quite weird paintings. I can make out that many of the pictures are meant to represent animals, but to the eye of the uninitiated they are, well, weird.
There’s a picture of a yellow cow leaping across a multi-coloured landscape by someone called Franz Marc. I turn to the next page which has a topless woman surrounded by an assortment of animals, including blue horses. I snap the book shut. I don’t see myself as a prude, but there’s no point in sharing pictures like that with a man who is almost a stranger.
Piers doesn’t seem to have noticed the picture, or maybe he’s immune to that sort of thing and sees paintings of topless women purely as mind-numbing art.
“Okay, Janika, if you are to meet Humphrey I want you to read these books, several times please. He’s sure to ask you a few simple questions just to make sure you’re on the ball.”
I’m staring into the distance, my mind suddenly far away. It’s nothing to do with any of the paintings. I’m thinking of a married couple who live less than a mile away from me, and a man who might or might not be trying to poison his wife.
Am I crazy to even consider going to see the Struthers this evening? If the man really is planning murder, perhaps he’ll start on me for practice. It’s just as well I’ve told Courtney about the woman’s visit, and given her the name and address.
“Are you listening, Janika?” Piers doesn’t sound annoyed, just amused. “I was asking if you’d like to take the briefcase as well as the books. Your mind seems to be elsewhere. Is everything okay?”
Is my mind elsewhere? Yes, I’m sitting in a dingy house eating a piece of toast that has white crystals on it, and I’m crunching them between my teeth, hoping they’re sugar.
“Sorry, Piers, just a momentary lapse of concentration. Yes, I’d love to take the briefcase. And I promise to look after the books and read them carefully. When does Humphrey want to see me?”
“It has to be Thursday next week.” He hands me the briefcase which is surprisingly heavy. There’s obviously a lot of reading to be done.
“Next week? Really? That’s very soon. You’ve given me so many books to study.”
Piers nods, and winks at me. “You’ll do it, Janika. You’re bright. You’ve already proved that. Anyway, I won’t keep you now. Go through the books and try to remember as many details as you can from the German Expressionist period, and familiarise yourself with the style of art in the earlier periods. You look a bit distracted. Anything worrying you?”
I nod. “I have to see a married couple this evening and sort out a possible misunderstanding.” Well, Piers might as well know the sort of work I do. “The wife thinks her husband is planning a murder, so this might be the last time we meet.”
I think he can see I’m smiling. On the other hand, there might be nothing to smile about.

Chapter 7

Debbie and Len Struthers live in a semi-detached house on a local authority council estate the other side of the river. According to Abi, back in Victorian times this area contained hastily built tenements to house a sudden influx of workers at the local cotton mill which was rebuilt when power came from steam, not from the earlier water wheel on the river.
The prevailing wind is from the west, and plenty of land was available on the east side of the river, which is where the smoke from coal fires in the houses and the mill furnaces blew. The smoky side is traditionally the side for the poor, both here in England and in Poland. Probably it’s like that all over the world, depending on which way the wind generally blows.
Like most of the town of Craidlea, the houses on the estate are built of dark red brick. The majority look well cared for, with new front doors and windows. These will be the houses people have purchased from the council, and immediately want to put their own stamp on the property.
There’s one house in this road with an overgrown hedge and peeling paintwork. It can’t belong to the local council, because they would have made sure the tenant kept it in good order. This one has been purchased, and if the number on the broken gate is correct, it is where Len and Debbie Struthers live.
Things aren’t getting off to a good start. I push the broken gate to one side and stand on the path which is lined with weeds. No wild dog has appeared from the back with a foaming mouth and long fangs. So far so good.
The house next door is in much better condition, and the garden tidy. I feel sorry for the occupants, living next door to the Struthers. I find myself wondering if this has been a cause of friction which hasn’t exactly helped Debbie.
There are no lights on in the house, nor would I expect there to be at 7 o’clock in the evening. It won’t be dusk for well over an hour. The doorbell rings with a loud continuous noise from somewhere close to the front door. I stand back, hoping Debbie answers it and not Len. I’m wondering if Len even knows I’m coming. And if he does, and if he’s prepared a welcoming meal for me, I’m going to say I’ve already eaten.
Almost to my relief there’s no sign or sound of any movement from within the house. I go back to the gate and double-check the house number. I know this is definitely the right road. So where is everyone?
My imagination is probably running away with me, but I get an uneasy feeling that all might not be well within. Perhaps Debbie Struthers is writhing in agony on the kitchen floor. Highly unlikely, but can I just walk away and wash my hands of the job? I’ve told Courtney Jacobs what I’m doing, and if there really has been a death here, I’m going to look pretty foolish if she knows I got this far and did nothing.
There are no net curtains on the front window, but getting closer to get a good view into the room will involve a bit of an obstacle course. Some of those overgrown shrubs look quite prickly. I should have worn jeans, not my business suit with 15 denier tights. Still, what’s a ruined pair of tights compared to saving somebody’s life ‒ if they’re still alive?
I manage to push my way close enough to the window to see that the room appears to be unoccupied. I’ve got my small camera with me, and for some reason I feel I ought to take a photograph through the window. But I need to get a bit closer to avoid a reflection of the road. There, done it. Now what?
I return to the front door with laddered tights and ring the bell again several times. No sound from within. There’s a side path round to the back, and a tall broken gate that I can easily get past. I need to look through the downstairs windows, but no way can I get up to see into the bedrooms. Perhaps Debbie Struthers is lying in bed.
Dead.
I’d much rather be studying German Expressionist art, but since I’ve started, I have to see this through. The first downstairs window at the back reveals a small dining room. Or it might be a junk room. It’s difficult to tell. No, almost certainly a dining room. And I can’t see anyone lying on the floor.
The next room must be the kitchen. Yes, it is, and it’s surprisingly tidy. Is this the room where the poison is prepared? Stop it, Janika, you’re just getting carried away. Debbie Struthers is probably exaggerating the situation in order to get a speedy divorce.
“What the hell are you doing, woman?”
I turn quickly. A good detective should be aware of what’s going on around them. I’ve failed ‒ dismally. “Mr Struthers?”
“I am. And who are you, sneaking around the back of my house? I thought I saw someone going through the back gate as I was parking my car. Well?”
I swallow. “My name is Janika Jones. Mrs Struthers asked me to call round and see her this evening, but I couldn’t get a reply from the front. I thought she might be somewhere around the back.”
I’m wishing I sounded a bit bolder. More forceful. Problem is, the man has taken me completely by surprise.
“Are you snooping from the council?”
What do I tell him? He sounds an angry sort of man. The sort of man who could easily poison a wife if he put his mind to it. No, that’s stupid. Lots of people have an angry partner, but they rarely end up poisoning them.
“It’s something Mrs Struthers wanted to see me about. I’ll give you my card. If she wants me to call another time, tell her to ring me.”
I hand Mr Struthers ‒ angry Mr Struthers ‒ one of my Button Up Detective Agency cards. The black card with gold writing might impress him, but apparently not the wording on it.
“Private Investigator? What the hell does my wife want with a private investigator?”
Those aren’t the exact words he uses, but it’s obvious Debbie Struthers hasn’t tipped him off about this visit. Of course, she might be lying dead in the upstairs room, or seriously ill.
I haven’t heard any distress calls from the upstairs windows, which I would have expected if Mrs Struthers was able to call out. Mr Struthers’ loud voice will have alerted the whole neighbourhood to his presence.
“Well, woman, I’m waiting.”
I have to keep reminding myself I’m not the little mouse that was once Janika Bartol. She’s long gone. I’m Janika Jones, the private investigator who has grown teeth and claws. “Let’s go inside, Mr Struthers, and we can talk.”
As long as I don’t accept any food or drink, I’m unlikely to come to any harm. And if I feel threatened, I can let him know that Brevelstone CID are well aware of my visit here this evening.
“And where is your wife, Mr Struthers? It’s her I’ve really come to see.”
“She’s in the car outside. I told her to stay put while I went to see who was snooping round the back.”
“Didn’t she say she was expecting someone at 7 o’clock?”
“She might have said something. Daft woman says all sorts of things that don’t make sense. Anyway, come on round the front. Let’s see what she has to say.”
I can see Debbie Struthers’ frightened face looking out of the front passenger window. And she really does look frightened. If Abi was here, she would probably say Debbie Struthers would make a good model if Edvard Munch ever wanted to paint another picture of The Scream, but that would be an exaggeration. But perhaps only a slight one.
I smile at her with what I hope is a reassuring smile, and she slowly opens the car door. “Janika Jones, I’m sorry to keep you. I completely forgot you were coming. Len, let the young lady into the house. She’s got something important to tell you.”
That’s not exactly how I would put it, but at least it’s getting me inside the house. And it’s also got me a witness should anything untoward happen. Unless they’re both in on it. I didn’t see any freshly dug patches in the back garden, so I don’t think I’ve got too much to worry about.
I’m used to swearing. Mostly from Bruno, at me, in Polish, but I’m finding this man’s language particularly offensive as it’s directed at a woman who doesn’t seem able to stand up for herself.
I’m feeling so sorry for Mrs Struthers that I find myself thinking of the name I first thought she’d given me, and would feel tempted to smother him one night after he’s been drinking too much.
We’ve only just gone through the front door and the arguments start again. Debbie Struthers’ opening gambit is, “This woman is here to get you locked up for trying to poison me.”
Before I can protest that this isn’t the reason, Len Struthers snaps, “You stupid old bat, I don’t know what’s got into you. Poison you? It would be a waste of poison. You’re an old witch. Poison wouldn’t kill you. You need drowning in the river.”
I’ve heard married couples having big arguments before, I even did it a few times with Sam, and a lot more with Bruno. although I wasn’t married to him. But this is taking things to a completely new level. I cough loudly. “Please, can we all talk rationally about this??”
This couple need a marriage guidance counsellor, or a psychiatrist. How can I possibly help them? “Mr Struthers, if you can please reassure your wife that you have no plans to poison her or harm her in any way, do it now, and then I’ll be on my way.”
“Poison indeed!?” Mr Struthers sounds seriously angry. “I’ve had enough of this sort of thing. Debbie’s even been to the police about it, and they told her she’s a nutcase. Well, perhaps not in so many words, but that’s what they meant. They came round here to see me when you were out, Debbie. They said they were sorry for me. But sorry isn’t enough. I’m leaving tomorrow.”
“And I know where you’re going,” Debbie shouts.
“You’ve got it in one, you bitch,” Len Struthers shouts, even more loudly. “I’m off to Sheila’s. At least she’s not cracked. I can’t think why I even married you. Your mother was a daft old bat, too. She needed locking up.”
I think it’s time for me to slip away. I’m finding the whole affair really upsetting, but no longer am I thinking that Debbie Struthers is in any danger of being poisoned.
“I’m off now,” I say, getting a word in between the various shouted insults. “Mrs Struthers, you’ve got my card. Either you or Mr Struthers can contact me again if you want to talk things over. There is no charge for this visit this evening.”
“I should think not,” Mr Struthers shouts, adding a few swear words for effect. “I’m fed up with interfering do-gooders. I can look after myself.”
Again, those aren’t his exact words, but I understand the meaning behind them. I’ve wasted my time coming here. I should have seen through Mrs Struthers’ mental state, and stayed home learning about German Expressionist painters and their work.
But as I let the clutch in on my Nissan Micra with the damaged passenger door, and pull away from the Struthers’ house, I get the uneasy feeling that my work here hasn’t finished. In their present state of mind, something bad could be about to happen.

Chapter 8

I’ve had enough of Impressionism, Expressionism, and whatever is in between-ism. I haven’t even touched Piers’ book on German Expressionism yet. It’s almost 10 o’clock. My living accommodation is what is politely called a studio flat. It’s a bit like what many people would call a bedsit, but at least I don’t have to share my bathroom or kitchen with anyone.
There’s a comfortable single bed with a mattress of my choice, a small dining table with two chairs, a cooker, a combined fridge and freezer, and an ensuite bathroom with a shower.
After the exhausting visit to Mr and Mrs Struthers, my head is aching and I feel like a long hot bath, but a shower will have to do instead, because there is no bath. My head slumps lower and lower to the table, till my forehead is resting on whatever book it is I’ve just been looking at.
My brain is scrambled. Tonight I’m going to have weird dreams of Expressionist pictures. No wonder Van Gogh cut his ear off. That sort of art is crazy. In fact, I feel I’m going crazy. Too many memories of rows with Bruno have come back since visiting the Struthers. But at least Debbie Struthers isn’t being kicked and punched by Mr Struthers. I couldn’t see any bruises on her, and I certainly know the signs.
It still feels strange being here in England on my own. I know my father wanted to get back to his native Poland when I was fifteen, even though my mother and I wanted to stay here in England. But it was all sorted amicably, with only the occasional loudly expressed opinion.
Poland as a country was okay, even if Bruno Kamiński was a disaster. I thank God that I met Sam in Brevelstone when I came back to England. And I think I mean that. Thanking God, that is. Sam knew something about God, so much so that sometimes I felt left out in the cold.
Toby Walton – why do I keep thinking about him? – goes to church regularly. He seems a nice enough guy, but he’s no replacement for Sam. Nobody could be like Sam. When I came back from Poland all on my own, I think God must have led me to him. Two years of a great marriage – ending in murder.
I also thank God for Sam’s two friends, Jezza and Rachel. I don’t think I could have survived Sam’s murder without their support. I really must go and visit them again in Brevelstone. They say their house is an open house and all I need to do is turn up. Perhaps tomorrow.
I mustn’t forget Courtney Jacobs when I’m thinking of the help I received when Sam was killed. She says she was only doing her job as a detective constable, but she did much more than that.
When I spotted the clue that led to the coroner bringing in the verdict of murder rather than suicide, she didn’t dismiss what I’d spotted as being nothing more than imagination. She actually called the forensic team in without worrying about her own reputation if it turned out to be a false lead. It’s great that she’s about to be promoted to detective sergeant.
I need something to clear my head. I shudder to think about the images that will light up my dreams tonight. Thank you, Edvard Munch! I’m overtired. Too tired to sleep in fact.
I’m getting morbid again. I guess these things happen from time to time, when someone has lost the love of their life. Memories come flooding back, often triggered by the simplest things. So, here’s to a long hot shower and an early night. Not guaranteed to sort out my emotional state, but worth a try. Especially as my lady’s time has started, to use my mother’s quaint expression. Great!

<><><><>

Okay, so the night wasn’t as bad as I’d feared. I think I had a couple of crazy dreams, but they faded away as soon as I woke up. So I can’t complain, although I was awake for quite a long time at 3 o’clock.
I think breakfast at Button Up is called for. It’s Saturday today, and I feel too lazy to get my own breakfast this morning, even though a low-everything totally boring Swiss muesli would be much more healthy than anything on offer down below in the coffee shop. Who cares!
Debbie Struthers’ piece of toast her husband made for her is still on my desk in the sandwich bag. I ought to put it in the fridge, in case someone comes in and decides to sample it. Serve them right if they do, because the Button Up Detective Agency is impregnable.
I had new locks fitted immediately on arrival. But perhaps I ought to put the toast out of harm’s way. In fact, I ought to bin it, but a little voice in my head tells me to keep it. Just in case. Just in case what? I’ve no idea, but into the fridge it goes.
The general hubbub from a couple of families already in the coffee shop is a little bit on the loud side for me, but no doubt a large cappuccino will help, along with a couple of pain killers. I’m really in the mood for relaxation, but I think Abi senses something isn’t right. She just nods to me as I give my order and sit down heavily at the usual table.
I thought I was speaking quietly, but obviously young Liam has heard my voice and he runs out of the stockroom in excitement. He hurries across to my table carrying a small circular box. Melanie comes out from behind the service counter and catches him by the back of his T-shirt.
“Not yet, young man. Janika looks as though she’s come here for a bit of a rest.”
Do I really look that bad? Well, I feel it, but I don’t want to disappoint the boy. I’m guessing the box contains another trick.
“Come on, Liam, I’m half asleep this morning, so it won’t be difficult to fool me. What have you got there? It looks exciting.”
Liam places the circular box on the table and unscrews the lid. The box is about the width of a china coffee cup but shallower.
“Have you got a 20p coin, Janika?” Liam asks, putting on a loud, mysterious voice. He’s already learning to be a stage magician. He’s raised his voice enough to attract some attention from a couple of tables where there are children, probably deliberately, and they push back their chairs with a scraping noise and come to watch.
I laugh. “What are you going to get with my money, Liam? A biscuit? Twenty pence won’t buy you another donut.”
Liam looks offended, but I think it’s all part of his act. “You want your pound back, don’t you, Janika? Let’s see what I can do to help.”
It’s probably the last time I’ll see it, but I have a 20p coin in my purse. I hand it to Liam and he slowly and deliberately places it inside the box and screws the lid on. He’s only a kid, and I don’t want to see through the trick too easily. And of course I’ll have to pretend I don’t know how it’s done. Anyway, I’m absolutely sure my coin is inside the box. At no time did he distract me and remove it.
“And now, Janika,” Liam says loudly, “you are going to do some magic.”
“But I can’t do magic,” I say. “But I know you can.” Actually, Liam seems to be doing magic already. I’m feeling much brighter. This is going to be a fun day after all.
“No, Janika, I’ve given you special magic powers. I’m going over by the counter, and by magic you’re going to think that coin over to me.”
I realise Liam hasn’t asked me to mark the coin, so whatever ends up in his hand is not going to be the one in the box he’s left on my table. But I’m happy to go along with it. “Right, Liam, I’m thinking.”
Liam frowns and shakes his head. “You’ve got to think much harder, Janika. Think, think, think!”
I screw up my face and shout, “Done it!”
Liam raises his right hand. I’m expecting him to pretend to snatch the coin out of the air and hold it between his fingers. Instead, it looks as though he’s holding an imaginary tennis racket and he bats it towards me. “There, Janika, it’s back in the box, but don’t look yet.”
Three children have joined us, and one of them is a boy aged about twelve. “Rubbish,” he says dismissively. “Call that magic?”
I’m about to leap to Liam’s defence, when he says, “Do it again, Janika.”
That seems to shut the older boy up for a moment, and I twist up my face, pretending to transport the coin I put in the box to Liam’s hand by telekinesis, or whatever the word is.
Again Liam pretends to bat it back towards me. The older boy is losing interest, and sits back down. But a younger boy and a girl from a separate table seem to have faith that some sort of magic is about to happen.
In all, I have to do my part of the trick five times before Liam seems satisfied. The older boy has been keeping an eye on things, and he gets up from the table again, presumably to say exactly what he thinks of Liam’s babyish conjuring trick. I just hope for Liam’s sake this is going somewhere clever.
Liam comes back to my table and points to the box, standing well back in order to show he’s not interfering with what’s happening next. To my surprise, instead of talking to me, Liam turns to the sceptical boy and says, “I want you to unscrew the lid. What do you think you’re going to find in there?”
“The coin, of course. It never went anywhere. This is just stupid.”
I notice the boy doesn’t return to his table, and I can see a slight smile on Liam’s face. I want to see the boy shown up for his rudeness, but I can’t see how.
Liam nods. “I wonder. I’ll just say the magic words, and you can unscrew the lid.” He mutters more gobbledygook in a weird voice, and turns to the older boy. “Open it quickly, or the magic will disappear.”
With an exaggerated, weary sigh, the boy unscrews the lid. There’s not a 20p coin in there. There are four! The older boy seems lost for words. For the moment at least.
Liam scoops them up and hands them to me. “Here you are, Janika. Here’s the pound you gave me yesterday. Melanie said I had to give it back to you because I got it under false pretences.”
The older boy seems to regain the powers of speech quickly. “That’s only 80p. You owe the lady another twenty.”
Liam claps his hands to his face. He really is quite a showman. “You’re absolutely right.” He frowns and looks around. He holds his empty hand up towards the boy, palm open. “Ah, here it is. I knew there was another one.”
He quickly reaches to the boy’s ear before he can turn away, and produces another 20p coin. He hands it to me, bows, and is about to return to the stockroom when the older boy calls out, “Hey, one of those coins belongs to the lady. She put it in the box to start with. You still owe her 20p.”
I don’t know if Liam is expecting this, but he keeps his composure. “You’re right,” he says. “Absolutely right. Well, it’s going to have to come from you.”
Before the boy can push him away, Liam lunges forward and somehow manages to produce another 20p coin, this time from the boy’s hair. He hands it to me with a gracious sweep of his arm, and returns to the stockroom with his box.
There’s a round of applause. I hadn’t realised how many customers are actually paying attention. The only person who isn’t clapping is the older boy who sits back down with a woman who is probably his mother, shaking his head and saying, “That was stupid.”
“But you don’t know how it was done,” I call over to him, determined to stand up for Liam. That was certainly some trick. Of course, if I could examine the box closely I might get a clue as to how it was done, but Liam has taken the box with him. Clever lad.
I’ll make sure Liam gets the money back when he reappears. He certainly deserves it. I’ll have a word later with Melanie to assure her that I’m happy with my contribution to Liam’s donut fund.
I suddenly realise one of those 20p coins might have been mine to start with. Or one like it. Perhaps the annoying kid was right, I’ve still only got 80p from Liam. I’m not great at maths, and I can’t be bothered to work it out. Anyway, I have no regrets at all, especially as it showed the older boy up. It might seem a bit mean-hearted of me, but I suppose it’s because I’ve got a soft spot for Liam.
I’m feeling so charged up that I could take on the world. It’s not just the coffee that’s done it. It’s the sheer pleasure from seeing not only Liam’s performance, but the humiliation of the older boy who thought he was going to catch Liam out.
Should I feel guilty about that? Not really. It’s my job to put things right that are wrong. And that includes husbands who might be intending to poison their wives in order to go off with another woman called Sheila. But today I’m going to forget all about that. I’m going to see Jezza and Rachel in Brevelstone.

Chapter 9

Sam’s friends live in a detached Victorian house on the edge of Brevelstone, a large, sprawling town that developed around the cotton mill, much like this town. However, Brevelstone has kept the mill, transforming it into a shopping mall, with all sorts of shopping units and little workshops in the original outbuildings.
Retail therapy is just what I need, especially when it’s my time of the month. Anyway, things aren’t too bad down below. I’ve had worse, especially after Bruno kicked and punched me so badly in the stomach that I lost the baby.
I’ve already told Rachel that I’m on my period, and she’s definitely up for a trip to the retail outlet. However, I’m going to insist that we drive there the long way round, and not across the bridge over the river where Sam lost his life. Why do I even think about that bridge? Old memories never die. Not even the bad ones.
As I approach Brevelstone. I’ve already worked out the best route to Jezza and Rachel’s house. Not only do I want to avoid the bridge, but I don’t want to see the house where Sam and I lived. It was where we ran out of money, and the landlord took no pity on us and had us evicted.
Jezza and Rachel immediately did take pity on us, and insisted we moved in with them. As it turned out, Sam was dead before we could move, but word got out about our intended move, and I discovered that the drugs gang Sam was investigating had already installed cameras and microphones ready for our arrival, so they could listen in on any discussion or phone call Sam had about his work.
That was really scary. I slao discovered that the gang had done the same in the house we were renting, much to the landlord’s displeasure when his electrician found them hidden in the light fittings.
As I arrive at their house, I’m conscious of the condition of the passenger side of my little Micra. Even though I have received a generous payment from our life insurance and from the police for Sam’s death on duty, plus a monthly pension, I’m reluctant to spend it on a flash car. Private detectives shouldn’t be driving around in anything too distinctive. However, my Micra currently has a badly dented passenger door and a long scrape done by an anonymous driver one night when it was parked in the road.
Abi’s friend, Rupert Forrester, has already found a replacement door for sale online from a scrap yard, and all I need to do is to go to the garage for him to check that it’s definitely the right model. Perhaps I should have gone to the garage today to check that everything is okay, and arrange to get the work done. Anyway, I’d rather be here now with Rachel.
Either Jezza or Rachel has already opened their large gates, and I enter the drive and park in the turning circle by their house. Rachel must have heard my tyres crunching on the gravel, and she comes quickly to the door and hurries over to my car. As I emerge, she gives me a hug. I really needed that.
“You look the same as ever, Janika,” she says, standing back while still holding my shoulders.
I laugh. “I’m not sure if that’s good or bad, Rachel. I just needed to get away from work. I’ll tell you about it later, but at the moment I want to forget about things back at the Detective Agency. Are you both well?”
Jezza and Rachel are a few years older than me. I think Sam got to know them at church, and somehow they clicked. Even though I wasn’t a churchgoer, they made me welcome. Then they invited us to move in with them until we sorted out our finances. Our finances certainly got sorted out, but not in the way I envisaged. I’m quite well off now, although I do need to keep an eye on my expenses.
Although I have much of my money invested for the future, at the moment my income isn’t balancing my rent and living expenses. I’d planned for that all along, so it’s not a problem.
I also spent a large amount of money building up my kit, including bugs, bug detector, various cameras and binoculars, voice recorders, and snooping accessories like the spy glasses I showed Piers Pillinger.
The whole lot cost me several thousand pounds, but I need to appear professional, ready for any job that comes in. I’m the only private investigator in Craidlea, and I don’t want to have to turn work away. That might encourage someone else to set up to do the work properly.
Jezza has also heard me arrive and he comes out and gives me a hug. A brief man-hug, before he stands back. “Have you come to do another bug sweep of the house?” he jokes.
At least, I think it’s a joke. It was obviously the work of the gang that somehow gained entry shortly before we were planning to move in here.
“Leave the girl alone, Jezza,” Rachel says, and she laughs. “Janika is not here for work, she’s here for girl time.”
Jezza pretends to look offended. “Not even for a chat over coffee in the kitchen?”
I’m not sure if another caffeine fix so soon after Button Up is advisable, but I can’t resist the offer. “I think Rachel and I can manage that,” I say, winking at him. “Then we’re off to the retail outlet. Make sure Rachel’s got plenty of money in her account.”
“No way,” he quips. “It’s a good job you’ve decided to have coffee here. You won’t be able to afford it at the Old Mill Shopping Outlet.”
Actually, I’ve not come intending to spend money at all. Just walking around the shops I knew with Sam, now with Rachel by my side, will bring some sort of healing. I’ve only been back here are a couple of times since moving away to set up my detective business, and when I did come, I could see Sam at every corner.
“I’ve got a secret account Jezza doesn’t know about,” Rachel says, giving my arm a squeeze. “We’ll take my car. There’s more room in the back for all the shopping.”
We go inside. This is great. I just hope I don’t have to talk about all my recent jobs. I’m trying to forget Debbie and Len Struthers.
“So what are you up to at the moment?” Rachel asks.
“I went to see an angry married couple yesterday evening,” I say. No, where did that come from? I could kick myself.
“Tell us more,” Jezza says, sounding unexpectedly interested as he stands back as we enter through the large front door.
I notice that the lock has been changed. I tend to notice that sort of thing since my private detectives’ course. I’ve made sure the doors at my office and living accommodation are really secure, an obsession which has already saved my life.
This door wasn’t particularly secure during the short time I was living here, which would have been how the gang got in to set the bugs. I doubt if anyone is going to come back, but better safe than sorry.
Rachel must have seen my expression. “I’ve told you to leave the girl alone, Jezza. She’s here to forget work.” Then she turns to me. “But if you’d like to tell me something about it when we have lunch at the Old Mill, you’ll find a willing listener.” And she laughs, a friendly, loving laugh that shows such kindness that I almost want to cry. I’ve definitely done the right thing in coming here.
As we enter the kitchen, my phone rings. I look at the caller ID. It says Forrester. That will be Rupert. Alice Forrester’s name just comes up as Alice. I should change Forrester to Rupert now I know the couple better. I entered their names in the early days, when they were just people, not friends. They live near Abi and Danny, which is how I got to know them.
“Janika, are you free to pop over to the garage?” Rupert asks. “I’ve come in for an emergency job. Suspected cracked cylinder head or engine block on a classic Alvis. The owner needs it urgently, and if I can find the crack I’m going to see if I can weld it.”
“Sorry, Rupert, I’ve been meaning to bring you the car for ages. I’m in Brevelstone at the moment. For most of the day.”
I glance up at Rachel. I’m assuming I’m going to be here for most of the day, even though we haven’t actually discussed how long I’m staying. I don’t want to overstay my welcome, but I need Rachel’s friendship.
“That’s okay, Janika. I’m probably here well into the evening. Swing by the Mill Lane Garage on your way home, and if the lights are on, sound your horn and I’ll come out. The main doors will be locked. We don’t normally open on a Saturday, and I don’t want people coming in with little jobs that need doing.” He pauses for a moment. “But you’re very welcome, of course.”
We finish the call, and Rachel says, “Work?”
I shake my head. “It’s about my car. Abi’s friend Rupert has found a replacement door. Cheaper than mending the damaged one, because the window mechanism got damaged, even though I can wind it down and back up with difficulty. Rupert doubts the mechanism will last much longer without being replaced. He’s working all day, and wants to check it’s the right one. Now, who mentioned the word coffee?”
Jezza winks at me. “And who mentioned an angry married couple? Anyone we know?”
Rachel gives him a playful punch on the arm. “Forget about it, Jezza. It won’t be anyone we know. And Janika is here to forget about work.” She turns to me, and whispers, “You can tell me all about it over lunch.”

Chapter 10

My heart definitely isn’t set on spending money on clothes or accessories. To tell the truth, it hasn’t been for ages. Walking around the various boutiques and shops in the Old Mill Shopping Outlet has turned out to be of little interest to me.
But I do need company. Rachel’s company. It’s nearly lunchtime, and there’s a vacant table for two at the fancy Italian restaurant.
I get the irresistible urge to spend my money on food, rather than clothes. I don’t need any more clothes at the moment. And that’s something I never thought I’d see coming.
“Right,” Rachel says firmly, “I’ve heard of shop till you drop, so let’s drop down at that table. You can tell me all about work. You must have some interesting stories.”
I’m thinking of the forthcoming television interview for the regional broadcasting company. I guess I can be a little bit more forthcoming with Rachel than I will be on television that’s beamed into rooms all over the place. Even so, I do need to observe some client confidentiality. But maybe it will be okay if I don’t give any names.
Rachel is already running a finger down the menu. “I’m paying,” she says firmly. “And that doesn’t mean you have to order something plain and simple. Anything on the menu is fair game.” She frowns. “Well, most things on this side.”
We both laugh. That shows just how well we got to know each other in the short time I lived with them. Of course, the friendship goes back to when Sam introduced me to them.
I quite fancy the lasagne, and Rachel says that’s fine with her. She’ll have the same, and a side salad. “Oh yes,” I add quickly, “Me too. And Appletiser. I need to keep a clear head.”
Our order is taken by a smartly dressed young waitress, reminding me a little of the black and cream striped jackets the staff wear at Button Up. I notice Rachel staring at me rather intently.
“How’s life?” she asks casually. It’s probably a studied casualness, but it will be good to talk to a friend. Abi and Melanie, and the whole gang are good friends, but it’s easier to talk to someone who isn’t closely connected. And I know Rachel is the soul of confidentiality.
I lean back in my chair, catching my sleeve in the cutlery and nearly knocking a fork onto the floor. “Can’t complain. I started doing pro bono work to get my name known. I can’t say I’m busy, and certainly the income isn’t paying my rent. But that’s not a worry at the moment. I’ve got money in the bank, and I find pro bono work rewarding enough in itself.” I laugh. “Well, that’s what I tell myself.”
“You’re fortunate to have found the accommodation above Button Up. It’s a great coffee shop. I didn’t know such friendly places existed, until you took me and Jezza there,” Rachel says.
I’ve noticed before that Rachel doesn’t use words like lucky. Probably something to do with her church. “Yes, very fortunate. Young Liam Donovan, that’s Melanie’s stepson, was entertaining us this morning with one of his conjuring tricks. Some of them are so clever that I don’t have to pretend to be fooled by them.” I shrug. “I really don’t. This morning he did one with a 20p coin that really caught me out.”
“You said he can make coins disappear,” Rachel says, taking a sip of the sparkling water she ordered. Perhaps I should have done the same.
“Yes, the cheeky kid had already had a pound off me. Said he could turn it into a donut. I expect you can guess how he did it. And I didn’t see that coming, either. Anyway, this morning’s trick was in reverse. I thought I was sending a coin to him, but he was really sending it to me. Well, five of them. Four of them appeared by magic in the box on my table, and a fifth one was behind the ear of an older boy who was trying to make fun of Liam. Really showed him up. The older boy was quiet after that.”
Rachel hasn’t asked about the angry couple, but since she has no idea who they are, and never will ‒ unless there’s a murder case splashed all over the local news – maybe it’s a good idea if I just talk it through with her. Rachel has some pretty good ideas at times. I decide to give her some of the details. In confidence, of course.
“Rachel, a woman came to see me to say her husband is trying to kill her.”
Rachel looks aghast at me. “You think she was serious?”
I shake my head. “Well, not at first. She seemed sort of a bit odd I suppose, but she’s adamant that her husband is planning to poison her so he can go off with another woman.”
Rachel bites her bottom lip. “A bit extreme.”
“It’s probably just a standard matrimonial dispute between a couple who have come to hate each other. Anyway, I went to see them yesterday evening. Her husband is the most unpleasant man I think it’s ever been my misfortune to encounter. Apart from Bruno, that is. And you know all about Bruno Kamiński. This woman’s husband called her all the names under the sun, but when I mentioned poison, he said his wife was a witch and poison would be wasted on her. She would need drowning. He said this in front of her, so you can imagine the state of their relationship.”
I can see Rachel suppressing a smile, which she quickly changes into a look of concern. “I imagine you told her to go to the police.”
I nod. “Of course. Apparently she’s been there. I got the impression they dismissed her as some sort of crank. I really ought to do the same. But there’s just something that’s niggling in the back of my mind telling me that she might be right.”
I think Rachel is taking me seriously, in spite of the occasional suppressed smile, presumably about the witch and the need for drowning. “Does she have any evidence? Has she been taken ill? Poisoners usually start slowly to make the person have some sort of discomfort, stepping it up over the weeks until death occurs from what seems to be natural causes. That way there’s no inquest.”
I laugh. “Listen to you, Rachel. Quite the expert on poisoning techniques. I’d better warn Jezza to watch out!”
Rachel joins in the laughter, and a few people at the adjoining tables turn our way. We really must keep the volume down. “So she has no evidence at all?” Rachel says, starting to choke on a piece of something from her side salad.
“There’s a piece of toast,” I say. It sounds so ridiculous I burst out laughing, drawing attention to ourselves yet again. Well, nobody knows who I am, so only Rachel has to worry about her reputation.
“Toast?”
“It’s laced with poison,” I say, trying to sound serious. The whole farcical situation sends me into another peal of laughter, which immediately makes Rachel join in, and we sit there red-faced, trying to stifle our hilarity.
“I take it all your jobs aren’t quite as bizarre as that,” Rachel says, wiping the tears from under her eyes with her napkin.
I shrug. “They have their moments. Piers Pillinger wants me to do another job for him in London. It means mugging up on art. That’s all I’m allowed to say.”
That of course immediately makes Rachel interested. “Not at that West End art gallery again I hope. You didn’t give us any details, but you’ll never get away with it twice, Janika.”
I know Rachel is joking, but the job is far too confidential to name names. “Something like that,” I say.
“Well, Janika, you’ve always got your friends in Button Up to keep you sane. And that young Liam Donovan sounds a right bundle of fun. I’d love to see one of his conjuring tricks. That one with the coins this morning sounds like a classic case of misdirection. Something like that might come in handy with your work.”
“What do you mean, misdirection?”
I wait while Rachel lifts a piece of rather stringy lasagne, pops it in her mouth, and wipes her lips. “You know, you were expecting one thing, and the trick turned out to be another. You thought you were sending the coin to Liam, but really he was sending coins to you. He tells you one thing, and was doing the other.”
We look at each other, our eyes wide. The same thing has obviously occurred to both of us, but I’m the one who says it first. “The toast lady is telling everyone, including the police, that her husband is going to poison her. But really she’s going to poison her husband!”
“And all she has to do is to say that her husband must have accidentally eaten the food himself,” Rachel adds. “That’s why she called you in. She thinks you’ll give evidence that her husband is so unpleasant that he must have intended the poison for her.”
I stare at my lasagne. I can imagine white crystals on it, although it’s delicious and obviously uncontaminated in any way. “I think I’d better get that toast analysed,” I say. “I’ve told Courtney Jacobs about it. You remember Courtney. She helped me through Sam’s inquest and the investigation into his murder.”
“What did she say?”
“She says the police can’t help unless there’s evidence, and I’ve no idea where to send the toast for analysis.” I bang the handle of my fork down heavily on the table. “Tell me, Rachel, what am I to do? I don’t want that man’s death on my conscience.”

Chapter 11

We sit quietly for what seems like several minutes. I’m deep in thought and I guess Rachel is as well. Eventually I say, “Rachel, quite honestly I wish I’d never got involved.”
Rachel looks me closely in the eyes. She seems to be struggling for words. Perhaps I’ve said something too dreadful, and she’s shocked. Then she says, “Don’t look at it that way, Janika. You might be saving someone’s life.”
I nod. “I keep thinking about that. But whose life?”
Again there’s a long silence, which I eventually feel obliged to break. “It’s all very well for you, Rachel. You’d probably pray about it.”
I can see a slight smile on my friend’s face. “You could do the same, Janika,” she says quietly.
I shake my head, perhaps not too vigorously. “I’m not very comfortable with that sort of thing, Rachel.” Yet, I think to myself.
So we sit in silence for a bit longer. I’m grateful that neither Rachel nor Jezza ever preached to me. But they and Sam had something that I know is missing in my own life. But then I’d never been brought up in any sort of religious way. Nor had Sam, come to think of it.
My dad had been brought up in Poland as a Catholic, but hadn’t followed it up in England. And when we returned to Poland, I wasn’t expected to go to church because I hadn’t been brought up in that culture. Anyway, Bruno said he was from a church tradition, and that had completely put me off anything to do with faith.
Like Sam, Rachel and Jezza are somehow different. They really do believe all that stuff, and it’s affected the way they live.
“Well, are we going to go and buy anything or not?” Rachel asks, breaking the silence. “I thought we’d come for retail therapy.”
That makes me laugh. “Coming to the shops has been enough, without spending money. It’s been really lovely seeing you and coming out together like this. Just having lunch here has been enough. And by the way, Rachel, I’m paying. It’s my way of saying thanks.”
There is, of course, a bit of an argument as to who is going to pay, but I’m determined. “Next time, Rachel. And I’m going to make sure there is a next time.”
Rachel nods enthusiastically. I hope she’s nodding in anticipation of the next time. “Where next?” she asks.
There’s a large clock on the restaurant wall. It’s not nearly as fancy as the one at Button Up, but I guess it’s telling the right time. It’s nearly 2 o’clock. We must have been chatting much longer than I realised. “I’ve got to call at the local garage on the way home.”
“Oh, I hope you don’t have to leave straight away,” Rachel says. “Come back with me and have a coffee. I’m sure Jezza will want to see you before you go. He’ll probably want to hear all about your exploits.”
“Not about the poisoning fiasco. I really don’t want to talk about that again, Rachel. You can tell Jezza when I’ve gone, but make sure he keeps it to himself. A private investigator keeps things private.”
There I go again. The planned regional television interview is looming, although the exact date hasn’t been fixed. I really do need to make some notes, and be careful not to mention names or give clues that would identify the people involved.

<><><><>

I’m on my way back now, just passing the turning to Cravenwell, the picturesque village where Wilfred Chadwick lives. I’ve not been in touch with him recently, and I don’t have time to call in now. Of course, I stayed longer than anticipated at Jezza and Rachel’s, and if I don’t get to the garage within the next half-hour, Rupert will probably have locked up and gone home.
The roads are quite empty, and my little Nissan Micra zips along happily. I’ve no intention of changing it, because a dark silver grey car with a bit of age to it is almost invisible. And that’s handy when carrying out surveillance. It’s just the damage to the door and side of the car that’s unnecessarily memorable.
I’ve not called at Rupert’s garage before, but Abi has told me exactly where it is, and as I pull up outside there’s no sign of Rupert.
I can see lights through the small glass panels along the top of the closed entrance doors to what I guess must be the main workshop. The building is typical late twenties Art Deco style. Moulded into the rectangular white concrete top are the words MILL LANE GARAGE. On either side of the name are two moulded wheels, just in case someone didn’t realise that this building is connected with cars.
Below, is a more recent sign saying GENERAL REPAIRS, SERVICING, MOTs ON ALL MAKES OF CAR. There’s something rather cozy about the place, although I’m sure it’s not cozy to work here with all the grease and oil.
I sound my horn as instructed, and call out. Rupert appears almost immediately, wiping his hands on a dirty old rag. I’m assuming his hands must have been dirtier than the rag, or he wouldn’t have been using it.
“Hi, Janika. As it turns out, there was no need for you to hurry. I’m still working on the engine of the old Alvis. The owner wants to collect it on Monday.”
That makes me feel bad for calling here on a Saturday when Rupert is obviously working overtime. “If you can quickly just check the door is the correct one, I can get it booked in to get the work done. And a full check over of everything. My Micra has never let me down, but I don’t want to be stuck out in some remote area with a dead engine.”
Rupert promises he will service my Micra personally, and tells me to hold on while he fetches the passenger door. As soon as I see him carrying it out, I let out a shout of dismay. “That’s no good, Rupert. I’d rather have the damage than that!”
Rupert looks surprised. “I can see it’s the right fitting. What’s the problem?”
“My car is dark silver, and that door is red. Bright red.”
I expect to see disappointment on his face, but instead he bursts out laughing. Then stops quickly. “It won’t be red when we’ve finished fitting it,” he explains slowly, almost as though to a child. “We’ll colour match it to the existing car.”
He must have seen my embarrassed expression. “Don’t worry, Janika, it’s an easy mistake to make. We can match most paint colours here. It will be bright and shiny, I promise, and we’ll polish the existing bodywork to match the paint on the new door.”
Well, that comes as a relief. What a stupid mistake to make. “But not too shiny, please. I want my car to blend in with the background.”
Rupert nods. “Noted. Now, come and have a look at the Alvis. It’s a big beast. A 1948 TA14 convertible. I’m just putting the engine back together. The owner has two pre-war Morris eight convertibles which he uses as wedding cars. Alice and I booked them for our wedding. He’s a customer here, and now he’s bought this Alvis. Wants to go upmarket with his wedding cars and limousine services for people looking for the unusual. It’s an open top model. It’s not in bad nick, and people who want to be driven around in this sort of car don’t want something that looks brand-new.”
The Alvis bodywork is black on top, with the lower half and wheel rims painted dark red. This is certainly some car. “I’m guessing it was expensive.”
Rupert shrugs. “Surprisingly not. Just a few grand. There was water in the engine oil, which is usually a terminal sign. That’s why it was cheap. I’ve examined it carefully, removed the pistons and crankshaft to check the engine block, and it turns out it’s nothing more serious than a leaking head gasket. But I had to be sure. You’re not the only one who uses ultraviolet light for your work.”
Rupert is Alice’s husband, and Alice is Abi’s friend and neighbour, so I guess Abi has told them about the time I used an ultraviolet light to find some hidden notes that Sam had written shortly before his death, using invisible ink for security.
“I can’t see how ultraviolet light would be much use in your work, Rupert. I’m intrigued to see what you’re doing with it.”
The old Alvis is indeed a big beast. It has a long bonnet and large headlights. The bonnet is open, exposing the engine which looks remarkably small. Just four cylinders. I can tell that, by counting the leads to the spark plugs. Yes, I know something about car mechanics. It definitely looks like a fun car to own, but maybe a bit scary to drive on the narrow roads around here.
“The engine is 1892cc, producing a staggering 65 bhp,” Rupert says, rolling his eyes.
I laugh. “Sixty-five bhp? It must have been one of the slowest cars on the road, with all that size and weight to pull along.”
Rupert grins. “You’re right there, Janika. But what class. Can you imagine being driven to some important event in this car, with the top down, waving gently to the crowds lining the road?”
Actually, I can. Perhaps Courtney and Ollie could hire it to be taken to Parke’s for celebrating her promotion to detective sergeant, but of course it wouldn’t be ready in time.
“Watch where you tread,” Rupert says. “I’ve spilt some of the UV magnetic ink on the floor. It looks like water, but it’s a light oil. It might be a bit slippery.”
Rupert explains that if you put a large U-shaped magnet on a piece of steel or iron, and spray the area in between with the special fluorescent ink containing minute iron particles, if there’s a crack the ink will run into the crack. Then you can easily see it as a bright green line under ultra violet light.
It all sounds a bit technical to me, but interesting all the same. My knowledge of car engines more or less starts and ends with counting the leads to the spark plugs. I’ve never even seen one taken apart.
“And that’s how I knew there was no crack on the engine block or cylinder head,” Rupert finishes. “Here, hold on a moment.”
He returns with a large hand lamp and shines it onto the floor. The whole area lights up bright green, like a nightclub or old-fashioned disco where the UV lighting makes white shirts and light-coloured dresses bright blue. What Rupert calls magnetic particle ink is spread over a much larger area than I realised.
Rupert switches the lamp off. “Another hour, and the job will be finished, then I can go home. Alice is back already. But before you go, have a quick look at this. It’s very battered at the moment. It’s a 1952 Jaguar C-type. This car was actually raced at Le Mans by a couple of famous drivers.”
“And you’re working on it here?”
Rupert shakes his head. “I wish. The boss is just storing it for a friend for a couple of weeks. Even in this condition it’s priceless.”
The car, it looks very flat, is covered by a large brown dust sheet. Like a showman, Rupert takes hold of one side and whisks it off.
“You don’t seem very excited,” he says, looking crestfallen.
What am I supposed to say? It’s a wrecked sports car, painted pale blue. I’d much rather have the Alvis. “It’s okay I suppose.”
“Okay? It’s magnificent, Janika. Unfortunately it’s been seriously rolled on a track day. You’re looking at history here, Janika. This is based on the XK120. It’s the father of the D-type, E-type, and all the Jaguar sports cars that came after with this straight six twin overhead camshaft engine.”
He’s lost me, but I suppose the shape is growing on me slowly. Perhaps a bit like the paintings in Piers Pillinger’s books. Well, like some of the paintings. The flowing lines will be impressive once the large dents are hammered out. Yes, I can see the attraction now I’ve had a little time to study it ‒ apart from the major body damage.
“Does it work?”
Rupert puts a finger to his lips. “Follow me, Janika. I’ll get the key. It can’t be driven. There’s extensive damage to the steering and suspension. But the engine starts okay.”
I walk with Rupert to a small wall safe at the back of the garage. He taps in a code, and the door swings open. There are only three keys inside. One will be for the Alvis, one for the Jaguar, and the other is presumably a spare for some car that isn’t here at the moment.
I’m expecting the Jaguar to have some really exotic key. I’ve seen better keys in window locks. Rupert jumps over the side into the bucket seat. The small door looks a bit crushed, so I guess it doesn’t open. Or perhaps he’s playing at racing drivers. I like Rupert. Alice is fortunate to have him for a husband.
I stand back while he presses the starter, and the engine roars into life. Clearly there’s no silencer. Rupert revs it a couple of times and I quickly put my fingers to my ears before my eardrums explode, and then he switches it off, grinning widely. “Six cylinders of harmony. Beautiful music, don’t you think?”
I nod. The garage is already filling with strong exhaust fumes. I’m thankful Rupert switched it off so soon. “I think it will be better outside,” I say. “Anyway, I feel guilty keeping you away from Alice. You’ve still got to finish off the Alvis. Can I book my car in, now I’m here? How long will you need it for?”
Rupert leads me into the reception area and looks inside a rather grubby notebook dotted with an array of oily thumbprints. “Thursday next week okay? We’ll need it overnight. Well, any day after Thursday is more or less okay, if that helps your work schedule.”
Thursday is the day I’m going to London to do the job for Piers Pillinger and Humphrey Broxburn. I don’t know how often Alice and Rupert see Abi and Danny. I don’t want to mention London, but Rupert ought to know I won’t be around. What to do, what to do?
“Thursday sounds good, Rupert. Let me know if there are any problems. I’ll drop it over first thing. What time do you open?”
“There’s always someone here by eight. I can give you a lift back to your office if you like.”
I’ll probably walk, but the offer of a lift sounds good in case the weather is bad. “Thanks. Oh, I’m going to be out of town on Thursday night, so maybe it’s best if you can hold onto it till Saturday. I’m not sure when I’ll be back on Friday.”
“Probably a good idea, Janika.” Rupert smiles. “The extra time might come in handy for the paint job, especially if we’re busy. It will be safe here. We have good security. I’ll make sure it’s locked undercover.”
I show Rupert the key, and say, “When you get it, look after the key fob. It’s precious. Liam gave it to me. He knows I’m a Sherlock Holmes fan.”
Debbie and Len Struthers come into my mind, and I have an irresistible urge to drive past their house. It’s not exactly on the route home, but I feel it’s something that has to be done.
Assuming all is well there, I’ll go straight back home above Button Up – and it is my home now – and drag my way through the books that Piers Pillinger has lent me. Button Up will be closing by the time I get there, and I’ve had enough coffee today to keep me going for a week. German Expressionism. How’s that for an exciting evening!

Chapter 12

As I drive away, I’m smiling to myself as I think of that big Alvis. I can imagine driving around town dressed in an exotic outfit with a large hat from the 1940s – whatever that looks like. People would be pointing and saying, “There goes Janika Jones the private investigator. What style. What class.” Of course, the top would be down so I could nod occasionally to people in a superior sort of way.
What am I thinking about? Do I really want to be recognised when I’m out? My little Micra is nearly eight years old, and I’m sure it’s a lot more comfortable and easier to drive than that Alvis. I know I could never tame that Jaguar. But still, there was just something about the Alvis....
Again, Debbie Struthers comes to mind. If it makes me happy just to drive past, why not! If I see Debbie and Len Struthers walking around in the front room, I can drive straight on. The problem is, what do I do if there’s no sign of them. Do I ring the bell? Probably not. I really don’t want to meet Mr Struthers again.
As I turn into the road, I can see the flashing blue lights of an ambulance. To my horror, it’s parked outside the Struthers’ house. Of course, it might not be for them. It might be for a neighbour. Here’s hoping.
I stop close behind the ambulance, but not too close. The back doors are open and the paramedics will obviously need access, perhaps with a stretcher. And here comes the stretcher now, wheeled on a gurney by two men. And yes, my worst fears are realised. They’ve come out of the Struthers’ house. It’s Len Struthers on the stretcher, with an oxygen mask strapped to his face. Rachel was probably correct about the diversion trick!
I get out of my car and thread my way through the small crowd of neighbours who have gathered. Debbie Struthers has come out with the paramedics, and she’s clinging to one of them for support.
“Janika!” she calls out as I approach warily. “What are you doing here?”
It doesn’t sound like an accusation, as though suggesting I should be minding my own business. It’s just surprise. “Len’s had a heart attack. He started one of his regular shouting episodes, and then he just fell down clutching his chest.”
Debbie Struthers is saying it loudly enough for most of the neighbours to hear. To my mind, she’s preparing the ground for his death. In other words, not poison, just an argument coupled with a weak heart. A sort of unspoken, “Don’t blame me!”
Let him be all right, let him be all right. I don’t want him to die, no matter how much he deserves it. Was that a sort of prayer? I’ve only just arrived in time. Five minutes later and the area would be quiet again, and I’d have missed the drama.
One paramedic has already helped Mrs Struthers into the back of the ambulance and stayed with her. The other slams the door shut and runs round to the front and gets into the driving seat. I hurry round to have a word with him. “Tell the hospital to check for poison as soon as you get there.”
The paramedic looks surprised. “Are you a doctor?”
“A private detective. Mrs Struthers called me yesterday to say she thought her husband was going to poison her.”
The paramedic shakes his head wearily. He’s probably been on a long shift. “You don’t need to be a private detective to notice that it’s Mr Struthers on the stretcher, not Mrs Struthers.” And he starts up the engine and drives away without another word, blue lights flashing and siren on.
There’s only one thing I can do. I need to follow the ambulance to make sure it’s going to the small General Hospital on the edge of town, and not the main Emergency Department in Brevelstone.
As we reach the end of the road the ambulance turns left. Just my luck. It’s going to Brevelstone. I have a Bluetooth phone with voice dialling in the car. My phone is ready to dial, just in case it’s needed, and I say Rachel’s name. I know her details are in the directory.
It seems to take ages to make the connection, but Rachel answers almost as soon as it starts ringing. “Hello, Janika. This is a surprise. Problem?”
I’m having a bit of a job keeping up with the ambulance. There’s not much traffic on the road, but with the blue lights and siren, the few cars that there are move to one side but pull out again smartly. I need to keep much closer to the ambulance and have my headlights on main beam. It’s still daylight, so that should give other road users some sort of message.
“Janika? Are you still there?”
I quickly explain about Mr Struthers’ so-called heart attack. “I told the paramedic about suspected poisoning, and said I’m a private detective. But I don’t think he believed a word. Perhaps he wasn’t really listening. He wanted to be on the way with the patient.”
“So where are you now? In the car, I guess, judging by the background noise.”
“I’m on my way to the hospital in Brevelstone. If the wife has poisoned her husband, making it look like a heart attack, she needs to be brought to justice. Her husband is still alive. At least, he was when they put him in the ambulance. I could see him moving his head.”
“And what are you going to do when you get to the hospital? Do you think anyone there is going to take any more notice than the driver did?”
“Not if I’m on my own. That’s why I want you to meet me there. At the speed we’re going we’ll be there in less than thirty minutes. Please say yes.”
I think Rachel just said yes, but while talking I’ve dropped back a bit, and now a large delivery van has pulled out between me and the ambulance, and the van doesn’t seem to be in a hurry. But at least the ambulance is still in sight. And if I can’t see it, it’s bound to be going to Brevelstone. I don’t know of another hospital near here.
“Jezza says he’ll come as well,” Rachel is saying as I turn my attention once more to the phone call. Ah, the van is pulling in, and I can slip past. I can still see the flashing blue lights in the distance. Soon we’ll be passing Wilfred Chadwick’s village, and that’s almost exactly halfway.
The second half of the journey passes in a blur, my mind racing as I try to work out what to say at the hospital. The driver was just rude about me being a private detective, but with Rachel and Jezza present, someone is bound to listen. Hopefully.
The ambulance bay for the emergency department is round the back of the large hospital which was rebuilt sometime in the 1950s. I gather much of it was bombed in the war, probably the same raid that flattened the disused cotton mill where I now live.
I guess the hospital was once a state-of-the-art building, although the exterior could certainly do with an update to bring it into the twenty-first century. But I know the care here is good. I just hope they listen to concerned members of the public.
I squeeze my Micra into a narrow parking space. That’s the advantage of having a small car. Rachel and Jezza hurry across. They’ve obviously found a larger parking space for their SUV.
“We can cut through the main building to the emergency department,” Jezza says. “I’ve done it before. There’s no need to go right round to the back.”
No sooner has he spoken than Rachel and I follow at a trot through the large front doors, through the reception area and through another door marked Accident and Emergency Department ‒ A&E for short.
The staircase down is wide, with a generous handrail. I’m starting to shake, and have to grip the handrail firmly. I don’t want to end up as another casualty. It might be a bit sexist, but I’m going to let Jezza take the lead. I have a feeling he can be quite forceful if necessary.
There is a large reception desk with three nurses sitting at it, filling in paperwork. One of them looks up as we approach. “Can I help you?”
Jezza and Rachel turn to me. It seems they have other ideas and want me to take the lead! I reach into the back pocket of my jeans and remove one of my cards. It always pays to keep them handy. “I’m a private detective, and I have reason to believe that a patient who has just arrived by ambulance is the victim of foul play.”
Foul play? Did I really say that? The nurse studies my business card and frowns, then stares at me. “You’re a woman.”
Hey, the medical staff here are really on the ball. However, I decide to refrain from telling her that she’s also a woman. This is not the way to get cooperation. So instead, I say, “The paramedics diagnosed a heart attack, but I believe the man has been poisoned. His name is Mr Leonard Struthers. He arrived less than five minutes ago.”
I feel someone tapping me on the shoulder. It’s Rachel. “Is that him, just coming through the door on the trolley?”
It certainly is. I point to the man who still has the oxygen mask over his face. Debbie is holding his hand, looking really concerned. Hardly the act of a vengeful wife, but then of course it could be a performance by a woman crafty enough to report the possibility of her husband poisoning her, preparing the ground for claiming her husband must have accidentally eaten the food he prepared for her. Well, something like that.
“That’s him. You need to tell the doctor immediately to check for poison.”
I’ll give the nurse the credit for at least having looked at my card, but she shakes her head. “I think we can leave that to the medical experts,” she says quietly. “They’ll do every test necessary to assess the patient’s condition. Now, unless you have any further business here, I think you should all leave. We don’t have a lot of room for visitors, unless you’re family.”
There are at least twenty chairs, and only eight of them are occupied. I’m not leaving without a fuss. Before I can say anything I might later regret, Jezza leans on the counter and says gently, “I really think you should listen to the lady. This is connected to a case she’s investigating. She’s a well-known private detective.”
The nurse picks up the phone. “In that case, I’ll contact one of the doctors. Please take a seat.”
Just like that! The nurse listens to a man, but not to a woman. And that is definitely sexist!
Okay, we’ll stay. German Expressionist art has almost certainly gone out of the window for the evening, along with the Impressionist and Post-Impressionist gang.

Chapter 13

Twenty minutes later the doctor, a harassed-looking young man in his early twenties who is probably a junior, appears through the swing doors of one of the side corridors and calls out my name. I quickly jump to my feet. There’s no time to be lost. Of course, for all I know he’s come to tell me that they did their best, but Mr Struthers is dead.
He calls me across, and I beckon to Rachel and Jezza to come with me. I’m going to need their support. I’m less likely to come across as a crank if I have two responsible adults with me to back me up.
“Are you the lady who said Mr Leonard Struthers has been poisoned?” he asks, in what doesn’t sound a particularly serious way.
I show him my impressive black card with gold writing, including two gold thumbprints. It’s good enough to impress anybody. “That’s me.”
He frowns. “Sorry, but we don’t allow ambulance chasers in this hospital. I must ask you to leave immediately.”
I’m shaking my head, almost gasping for breath at the misunderstanding. “I’m a private detective. I’m what it says on the card. Mr and Mrs Struthers are clients of mine, and I’m here working in my professional capacity.” I hope I sound impressive enough.
“She is,” Rachel adds. She means well, but I think the young doctor already believes who I am, I’m hoping Rachel and Jezza stay quiet until they’re needed. I’m not sure if I ought to explain their presence, I’ll leave it for now, as no one has questioned why they’re with me.
The young doctor frowns. He looks anxious to be on his way as soon as possible, so there’s no time to waste.
“Please listen,” I say. “Debbie Struthers, that’s Mrs Struthers, believes her husband is trying to poison her. I’m telling you this in confidence, of course. I’m making no accusation, just repeating the reason why I’ve been retained by Mrs Struthers in a professional capacity. When I called around to see them at their home, I found the ambulance outside, and Mr Struthers being wheeled out of the house on a gurney. I’m sure you’ll understand my concerns, and why I’ve come here to request, on Mrs Struthers’ behalf, that you check for poison.”
The young doctor shakes his head. “You’re confusing me, Ms...” he glances at the card which he’s still holding, “Ms Jones, if anyone has been poisoned, and I don’t believe for one minute they have been, then it’s Mrs Struthers who’s poisoned her husband. You’ve got it the wrong way round.”
I shake my head. “I’m thinking that maybe Mr Struthers ate food he’d intended for his wife.”
“But it’s a clear heart attack, Ms Jones. We’ve already done a blood test and cardiogram. You’ve wasted your time in coming here, but we appreciate your concern. Thank you. There’s no further reason for you to stay. It’s a heart attack, plain and simple. No trace of any poison, I can assure you it would have turned up in our routine blood tests.”
I don’t want to argue. The man seems already harassed. “Aren’t there poisons that cause heart attacks?” I ask. I’m almost ready to give up, but there’s still a bit of fight left in me.
“What about ethylene glycol?” Rachel says. “That can cause dysrhythmias and heart failure.”
I turn in surprise. Rachel really does know her poisons. I hope Jezza is listening, and doesn’t keep any ethylene glycol around the house!
The doctor nods. “It also causes damage to the brain, lungs, liver, and kidneys. I can assure the three of you that there is little doubt that it’s a heart attack. You say the couple are your clients, but that’s all I can say. We have to observe patient confidentially” He thinks for a moment. “I must get back to the ward, but just to set your minds at rest, I’ll bear in mind the possibility of poison. But that’s a strong accusation to make.”
“No,” I say, “I’m not making the accusation. It was Mrs Struthers, my client, who raised the possibility of poison. I don’t want there to be a miscarriage of justice. And now we won’t keep you any longer.”
I think I sound a bit frosty, but I don’t feel any need to apologise. The whole experience has been traumatic. But perhaps not as dramatic as it is for Mr and Mrs Struthers. I really hope he survives. And I hope it is nothing more than a heart attack.
The doctor’s bleeper goes, and he checks the screen. “I really have to go. Mrs Struthers is staying with her husband for now. We don’t believe him to be in any immediate danger, but we’ll definitely be keeping him overnight for observation.”
As we make our way out of the hospital, Rachel asks if I’d like to go back with them, and maybe spend the night if I’m not feeling up to the drive home. It’s a good offer, and I know my office and bedsit are securely locked up. I have my phone with me should anyone want to contact me urgently, but I really do need to get back to study those books. Piers Pillinger is going to quiz me on them before I go to London on Thursday. Help!
“And you can go to church with us in the morning,” Rachel says. “But no pressure.”
That’s the church I sometimes went to with Sam, always reluctantly. “Sorry, Rachel and Jezza, too many memories at the moment. I think I’ll go home. But thanks.”
As I drive away I look back and wave. I hope they can see me through the back window, and I hope I’m doing the right thing in driving home on my own.

Chapter 14

I’m lying on my bed in my small apartment reading Piers Pillinger’s books, until all the images merge into one. To me, they are just paintings. Some seem lifelike, and some are really weird. Most of the Expressionist painters must have had seriously disturbed personalities, and the German Expressionists even worse problems.
That’s a bit of a sweeping generalisation, and I’m not going to say anything about it to Piers. He probably thinks it’s some of the most wonderful art ever done. Or is it just about money? Perhaps it’s like the Emperor’s New Clothes. Nobody can see anything in it, but they have to pretend it’s wonderful in order to be accepted in certain circles. Well, it’s all a mystery to me.
The Impressionist stuff is good. Really good. As Piers explained, the painters are catching an impression of movement and life. I’d never seen it that way before. So there is some good in these books after all. I might even buy a couple of Impressionist prints and frame them for this bedsit. I’d not thought of putting pictures on the wall before now. But not the German Expressionist, where some of the paintings are of unpleasantly dead animals. Definitely not.
Abi is going to be impressed if I mention a few technical details about the various painters’ skills, and the original working of the brushstrokes. And the clever juxtaposition of bright colours. Yes, I’m learning stuff already. And I’m also feeling extremely sleepy. Too much learning is bad for my brain.
I must have dropped off to sleep in the middle of my studies, but I certainly didn’t wake in the night. The books are still on the bed, and someone is ringing my doorbell. It’s daylight. What time is it? Seven thirty? Who on earth rings people’s bells at seven thirty on a Sunday morning? Button Up doesn’t open on Sundays, but if it was on fire I would have heard the alarm.
I stagger into the office where there’s a small monitor connected to a camera in the doorway. I can’t see who it is, so I make my way to the window and look down into the street. There’s a police car outside. I don’t need to be a detective to know why they’re here.
Mr Jennings, who ran the office as an insurance business, used to be able to buzz people up from the outside door. I guess insurance is a much safer business to be in than mine, so I have a steel bar across the door at the top of the stairs to my office, and two secure locks on the door to the street.
I realise I’m still dressed. I probably look a sight. I must have dropped off last night while cramming my brain with facts that I hope I’ll never need to use. Surely Humphrey Broxburn isn’t going to test my knowledge in any sort of depth when I see him.
My dishevelled looks can’t be helped. I rub a bit of sleep from my eyes, grab my keys, remove the steel bar at the top of the stairs, and make my way cautiously down, gripping the handrail as I go one step at a time.
The outer door needs two keys to get out, and spares are concealed under the edge of the stair carpet on the fifth step should I ever need them in an emergency. Someone is still ringing the bell frantically to attract my attention.
“I’m here,” I call out, inserting one key and then the other into the locks in turn. I open the door to see two police constables, a man and a woman, inspecting me closely. It’s probably my hair that’s drawing all the attention.
“Are you Janika Jones?” the man asks.
I nod. “You’d better come up. I take it he’s dead. Was there any poison involved?”
The two constables look at each other and shake their heads. I’ve no idea what sort of message they are sending to each other. I lead the way up the stairs, still only managing one stair at a time. I’m normally okay with early mornings, but now I feel zapped.
I might as well keep the conversation going. “What about his wife? Do you have enough evidence to detain her? I guess she must be devastated. She probably didn’t intend to kill him.”
We reach the office and I point to the two small leather armchairs in the window, telling the two constables to sit down. I fetch one of the two upright chairs by my desk which are used for clients, and pull it across to them.
I feel as though I have a hangover, even though I haven’t touched a drop for several days. It must still be the lady’s time.
“I expect you want a statement from me. I guess you wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t poison. I told the doctor yesterday evening to check for it. I imagine Mr Struthers ate it himself. Do you think his wife switched it over when he wasn’t looking? I’ll be interested to know what she has to say. Anyway, enough from me. Do you want to take my statement now, or down at the station?”
Again the two officers look at each other, shrug, and the woman constable shakes her head and looks closely at me. I get the impression she thinks I’m a little bit loopy.
“Mrs Jones,” she says, “we have no idea what you’re talking about. Mr Struthers? Poison? We are here about the theft of a valuable car at the Mill Lane Garage some time last night. A nearby neighbour was walking her dog soon after six this morning and spotted the main doors were not fully closed. She’s never seen anyone in the garage this early before. When she couldn’t see anyone around, she phoned us.”
I gasp. “Is Rupert Forrester all right? He was okay when I left. Has someone attacked him? That’s terrible.”
“Mrs Jones, can you account for your movements between 8 o’clock yesterday evening and six this morning?” the woman asks.
“Is Rupert Forrester all right? He was going to work for another hour when I left. What’s happened to him?”
“Please answer the question?” the male officer says. He sounds quite cross.
Things are slowly dawning on my torpid brain. “You’re not here about Debbie and Len Struthers?”
“Answer the question ... please,” the male officer snaps.
“Yesterday I was at Brevelstone for most of the day. I came back and did some studying for a possible job. I must have dropped off to sleep. You woke me when you rang the bell. And no, before you ask, there was no one with me to give me an alibi.”
“Mr Forrester says you called to see him at the garage shortly after 5 o’clock yesterday. You didn’t mention that,” the woman says.
“I did. I said I’d called at the garage and seen Rupert Forrester. Hold on, are you questioning me officially? Surely you don’t think I had anything to do with whatever has happened. A stolen car did you say? That old Alvis wouldn’t have gone anywhere. The engine wasn’t even put back together when I left.”
The two constables look at each other again, shake their heads and sigh.
“Look,” I say, “if you’re here to ask for my help, I’ll do my best. But I think the police are much better at solving crimes than I am. I take on private detective work. Is there anything more I can do to help?” I’m thinking to myself that I really need to get in touch with Rupert and find out exactly what’s going on.
“Ms Jones,” the woman constable says, “you’re not giving us much help. A valuable car was stolen from the Mill Lane Garage at some time during the night. Mr Forrester says he was working there during the day, and locked up soon after six. He has made an official statement to say that you called to see him an hour earlier, and he showed you the car.”
“The Alvis?”
“Alvis? Oh, that old thing.” She shakes her head. “Try again.”
“The Jaguar?”
“Ah, so you did see it,” the man says, with a certain amount of triumph. “And did you see the key safe?”
I nod. The facts are coming together in my head. “Have you come here to question me about the theft, or to ask for my help in solving the crime? Do you really think I had anything to do with it? I’m a private detective, not a thief.”
The two constables look at each other. I don’t think they are about to play good cop bad cop. I think they are as confused as I am. The man nods to the woman, and she turns to me.
“We think it would be easy for a private detective ‒‒‒‒”
“A qualified private investigator,” I add.
“A qualified private investigator,” she continues, “to be able to open locks and disable alarm systems.”
I shrug. “The big doors were locked on the inside. Looked pretty strong locks to me. I’ve no idea about the alarm. Wasn’t bothered about it.”
I think I’ve said too much. “And I only noticed the locks because I have a professional interest in that type of security. You probably noticed downstairs that I’ve gone overboard. In my opinion, you can’t be too careful about those things.”
I came straight from my bed. I’ll soon be crossing my legs. “You’ll have to excuse me a minute. I need to use the bathroom.”
I notice the officers look at each other, and the woman jumps to her feet. “I just need to check the room first, that there is no evidence in there. And then I’ll check your hands as you go in.”
I can remember my mother always checking my hands as I came out when I was young, to make sure they were still slightly damp. Hygiene was quite high on her list of essential practices.
“Then I’m under suspicion?” I say. “If you want to arrest me, do it now. If not, I’m going to phone Abi Wells’ husband. He’s a lawyer.”
The female officer accompanies me to the bathroom, and has a quick look inside. Fortunately, I keep it spotless. It’s a hangover from my childhood upbringing.
“That won’t be necessary at the moment” she says. “We’d like you to stay around today. We might need you to make a statement at the station. I’ve picked up one of your cards, and we’ll phone you if necessary.”
I go in, lock the door and do what’s necessary, before washing my hands and emerging more quickly than they obviously expected. The male officer is looking at various papers on my desk.
“You need a search warrant for that,” I say loudly. It’s time to assert myself. I mean, how could I possibly have broken in and stolen that Jaguar? Indeed, why would I even want to? It’s a wreck and I’m quite happy with my little Nissan Micra.
A few minutes later I accompany the two constables down the stairs, unlock the door, and say, “So you don’t know anything about Mr and Mrs Struthers?”
They ignore me. Time to phone Rupert.

Chapter 15

“Janika,” Rupert gasps, “that’s terrible. The police completely misunderstood what I told them.”
“They say you showed me the racing Jaguar, and the key safe. Which you did.”
“Which I did,” Rupert says slowly. “They asked who had been in the garage since the C-type was stored there. I reckoned six customers. Then they asked which of them also knew where the key safe is. Oh, Janika, I’m so very sorry. They made it sound like such an innocent question, so I just told them ‒ you.”
“I can’t be the only person who knows,” I say rather defensively. It sounds as though Rupert has dropped me right in it. “Whatever were you thinking? You know I wouldn’t have gone off with that Jaguar. I wasn’t even that struck with it. And how could I have driven it with all that damage? The engine was so noisy, half the town would have heard it leaving. And where could I have hidden it? So who did take it?”
“Of course it wasn’t you, Janika. The whole idea is ludicrous. The police merely said they would have a word with you to see if you could come up with any answers. I thought, well, you’re a detective, so you might have some bright ideas.”
I groan. “Well, I gave them an answer all right. It obviously wasn’t what they were expecting to hear. They thought that because of my private detective training I might be able to pick the locks and disable the alarm. As if!”
“That’s ridiculous, Janika. Anyway, the locks were smashed, not picked. I hope the police aren’t wasting their time and think you’re involved with the theft. I want them out there hunting for the thieves. There must have been several people involved. They’d need a low loader.”
“Did they get the key?”
“The Jag’s key was still in the safe, although they’d obviously had a go at trying to break into it. Anyway, they don’t need the key. That sort of lock is easily bypassed by joining up the wires behind the dashboard. No, this was a professional heist.”
“Perhaps they think the gang has recruited me.” It’s only a joke, and I can tell that Rupert feels the same.
“Janika, how about you come to lunch today to make up for it. Alice hasn’t seen you for ages.” There’s a bit of a pause. Then, “Our church service starts at eleven. Toby is always on the lookout for you.”
He’s not laughing. It’s probably a sensible suggestion. Come to think of it, maybe it’s a good idea. Not so much for the church or Toby, but just to get out and have a bit of company. Those two constables have quite shaken me up. I can imagine how someone feels under police questioning if they’re guilty. Not that I have any sympathy for criminals. And of course I’m not a guilty criminal myself! But thinking of criminals, I wonder how Mr Struthers is this morning.
I suppose I could drive past their house on my way to church and see if all the curtains are drawn. But that might not tell me anything. Debbie Struthers might have stayed with her husband all night. I’m trying to think if the curtains were drawn when I stopped by the house and saw the ambulance. I’ll phone the hospital.
I have the general number for the hospital, but I have no idea what ward Len Struthers is in, assuming he’s still alive. The operator on the switchboard wants to know if I’m family, and I tell a little fib and say I’m a close friend. Well, it’s no good saying I’m a private detective working on behalf of Mrs Struthers.
I’m told to call back later. There’s no one around at the moment who can help me. I’m feeling a bit desperate. It’s strange how concerned I am for Mr Struthers. When I first called round to see them, I could cheerfully have given Mr Struthers a spoonful of arsenic or some other deadly poison.
I smile. It’s strange how Rachel seems to know a thing or two about poisons. She works in the Brevelstone Council Planning Office. It makes me wonder what they plan there!
I must stop thinking like this. I’m turning into Abi Button. Well, Abi Wells as she is now, but I knew her at school as Abi Button. To me, as a shy girl in my early teens, Abi seemed to be one of the most popular girls because of her zany sense of humour – and probably also because of her long blonde hair which we all envied. She can do cynical and dry humour without being offensive, and that’s quite a gift.
I imagine Abi has crazy thoughts running around inside her head. No problem. We all do that. The main thing is to know which ones to share and which to keep to ourselves. She usually gets it right.
It’s only just after 8 o’clock. I’ve got nearly three hours to have a shower, nibble a bit of breakfast, swing past the Struthers’ house in case Debbie Struthers is back, and still have an hour to fill in before church.
I don’t need to be there early. Toby Walton is bound to be keeping me a seat. Alice says he always does, just in case I’m coming. And knowing Alice, she will already have been in touch with him this morning to tell him to keep an eye out for me.
I’m in a state of confusion about Toby. It all started when I wanted someone to set up my new laptop. We sat together at my desk, and it felt strange, and remarkably pleasant, to be sitting that close to a man again, hearing him breathing. Feeling his breath on the back of my hands as I used the keyboard. But when I’ve got everything so wrong in the past – with Bruno – and so right in the past – with Sam – is it really worth taking a risk and going through it all again?
I was fifteen when we went back to Poland. There was me, Janika Bartol, almost sixteen, not nearly mature enough to be interested in boys. Bruno Kamiński’s father was looking for a business partner, and my father joined him in the large construction business. By that time Bruno was in his late twenties, and he decided he’d had enough of not having his own way with women who could stand up for themselves and walk away. He needed a woman he could dominate.
Unfortunately, by the time I was in my early twenties, Bruno decided I could fill that post. Totally naïve, having been denied the regular presence of young male company by my rather strict parents, I decided I’d met the perfect partner.
Even when he regularly attacked me physically, my parents still had control of me. They told me that no way could I report Bruno and cause a family scandal. Business had to come first. My mother assured me that after a little time Bruno would settle down and make a good husband.
Marriage was out of the question as far as I was concerned, but apparently pregnancy wasn’t. It was when I lost the baby that I decided enough was enough, and shed my mouse-like image, coming back to England to make my own way.
Fortunately, I met Sam Jones who was a detective constable with Brevelstone CID. I’d started work near his workplace as a ladies’ hairstylist. I used to pop out to get a sandwich at lunchtime, and Sam did the same. And then we got chatting.
After dating for a few months we married, even though my parents didn’t agree with the marriage. They wanted to build up the Kamiński-Bartol dynasty, and Sam Jones didn’t exactly fit the bill. But he certainly fit mine.
I can’t help worrying about Mr Struthers. To echo the words of the older boy in Button Up who pretended not to be impressed by Liam’s magic, that’s stupid. Stupid! I’ll contact the hospital again this afternoon. I might even call round after I’ve had lunch with Alice and Rupert and see if Debbie Struthers is home.
It doesn’t sound as though an investigation into possible poisoning is high on the police list of things to do.
Well, that’s not going to stop me looking for justice.

Chapter 16

“I hear you’re becoming quite an art critic,” Alice says, as we start on our lunch of roast chicken and a selection of vegetables.
“That’s Abi, I suppose,” I say, laughing. “She doesn’t miss much.”
Alice apparently inherited this house from her Uncle Isaac who had let it fall into rack and ruin. I asked Abi about it recently, and she just shook her head, held her nose, and said I wouldn’t want to know any details. I gather it was originally built in the early nineteenth century by the mill owner for the mill manager.
It has two floors and a large basement that is now occupied by Harry and Bethany, a young couple who married much against the wishes of Bethany’s parents. Sounds like me! But there’s a big difference. Bethany already had a baby when they first met, although I don’t know the circumstances.
I can hear him now. He’s a toddler, shouting out in excitement in the garden at the back of the house. It makes me wonder if I’ll ever be a mum. The couple also have their own small baby which has really joined them all together as a little family.
Abi and Danny’s house is the other end of the road, separated by an area of woodland. It’s almost like living in the country. Abi’s house is smaller than this one. It was built for a senior mill foreman, so Abi says.
The cotton mill manager also built himself the large country house that Piers Pillinger and his family now occupy. The other side of this road consists of a long terrace of small brick houses built for some of the mill workers. I have to say I’m impressed by the standard of care the mill owner provided for his workers, so maybe he deserved to build himself a mansion.
“Well, Abi did say something about an art-related job you have lined up,” Alice says. She looks concerned. “I hope it’s not a secret.”
The food looks delicious. We are eating at the large kitchen table. Alice explains that they rarely use the dining room. They always eat in the kitchen themselves, and believe it’s much more cosy and informal for friends.
That’s absolutely fine with me. I’m starving after a meagre bowl of muesli for breakfast. But it’s rude to talk with your mouth full, so my mother always told me. “The actual job is confidential,” I say, “but there’s no harm in you knowing I’m mugging up on German Expressionist Art in particular.”
That seems to bring the conversation to an end, and we start eating. When I got to church, Toby Walton had indeed been primed by Alice that I was intending to go, but I thought he was rather quiet. I’m not sure if he’s going off me. Perhaps he’s playing hard to get.
I really do need to sort out my intentions. Perhaps Toby has someone else. So why am I disappointed to think that’s a possibility? Seems my subconscious is telling me something.
Of course, it’s not long before the subject of the theft of the Jaguar emerges. “I hope the police didn’t give you too hard a grilling,” Rupert says. “As I told you, I only gave them your name because I thought you might have some clues. You know, you could have seen someone hanging around, looking a bit suspicious when you left.”
Alice’s wild dark hair is less wild this morning. I think she tries to tame it a little on Sundays. I’d be sorry if it was too neat. The carefree style suits Alice perfectly. Abi says she actually had a hard life before she met Rupert. Something about a treasure hunt in this house that apparently changed her life around completely for the better.
“I think the police suspected I could be involved in the theft. Perhaps they still do.” I laugh. “I thought they’d come to seek my help. Silly me. I’ve been thinking about it. If the Jaguar takes such a simple key, why did the thieves try to break into the key safe?”
Rupert offers me more chicken, which I accept. This is a real treat to be eating with a family. Well, with a couple who know how to cook. Nothing fancy. Just a good old family roast.
“You didn’t see it, but there’s a Ford Focus in the compound at the back. The owner dropped it off for an MOT and service. I imagine they’d have taken that as well, given the chance.”
I nod. “There is another possibility, Rupert. Perhaps they wanted to look like bungling thieves, damaging the locks. I don’t mean you, but could it be an inside job? If not, it sounds as though some of your security needs a bit of an update.”
“We need a couple of infrared cameras, like Abi has in her back garden for the wildlife,” Rupert says. “I told the boss that, a couple of months ago.”
“Sensible idea. But you’ve got an alarm system. Why didn’t it go off?”
Rupert looks a bit glum. “That’s what the boss wants to know. He didn’t actually say it in so many words, but he’s not convinced I set it before I left yesterday evening. But I know I did.”
“Does the owner of the C-type know about the theft yet?” Alice asks. “He’s going to be devastated. That was a really beautiful sports racing car. Well, before he rolled it. Not much use around town, but probably great on the track.”
Rupert shakes his head. “I’ve no idea. I’m leaving that to the boss to break the news. I imagine so. The owner has a house with a barn on the edge of town. That’s where he stored the car when he wasn’t using it.”
“So are you in trouble?” I ask.
Rupert shrugs. “It’s too soon to say, Janika. Anyway, let’s not talk about that old Jag. You’ll be glad to know I got the Alvis finished. It was running sweetly before I left.”
“Yes,” Alice adds, “I made Rupert leave his overalls and old trainers in the porch. They were more messy than usual. Covered in some sort of oil.”
I have an amazing light bulb moment. “Eureka!” I shout, pushing my chair back quickly. “Stay here, I’m going out to my car.” I’m still halfway through my roast.
“Are you feeling sick?” Alice asks in concern.
“Feeling good. This won’t keep. I’m going to get my bag of kit from my car, then I’ll tell you my amazing idea. Well, it’s amazing if it works. It should do.”
“Sounds like one of Liam Donovan’s tricks,” I hear Alice say to Rupert as I dash from the room.
I can see Rupert’s work clothes in the pile in the corner of the large porch as I run out through the front door. I imagine the couple had more things to do last night when Rupert got home than start doing the laundry. I always put my forensic gear, as I call it, in the boot of my car when I go out. You never know when it will come in useful. Like now.
Rupert is standing with Alice as I hurry back up the stone steps to the front door. They have also temporarily abandoned their meal. Well, I hope it’s temporary, because I still feel hungry. However, my excitement overrules my stomach.
I go past the puzzled couple and put my large bag on the tiled floor in the hallway. I don’t want to risk it marking the hall table that looks sort of antique, although it’s obviously been in the wars at some time.
There, got it. I know the batteries are good, so this is bound to work. There can be no possibility of failure, or I’m going to look stupid.
I beckon Alice and Rupert into the porch. The front door is now closed and I switch on the larger of my two UV flashlights. This one is really powerful, and is much too large to consider using with Humphrey in London. I’ll have to do my best to conceal the small one in my hand for that job.
Come to think of it, Liam would come in handy. He can hide coins in what looks like an empty hand, I’m wondering if he could manage to do it with my small UV flashlight. Anyway, that’s just a silly thought. I know Melanie and Steve wouldn’t want him coming to London with me.
Large patches of bright green appear in places on Rupert’s overalls. I shine the beam onto the pair of trainers that are with them, and there’s very little fluorescence. But when I turn them over, the soles are even brighter green than the overalls.
And now comes the clever bit. The porch isn’t particularly dark, as there is a side window made up with a pattern of stained glass. But it’s dark enough. I shine the beam on the doormat, and there’s no doubt that the trainers have left a trace on there of the fluorescent ink.
I’m not sure Rupert and Alice have caught on yet, but I give a shout of triumph even so. Then I open the front door, and although I have to hold the beam very close to the steps, it’s possible to see traces from the top down to the bottom.
“You told me about your ultraviolet flashlight,” Rupert said, “but why the hurry to leave the meal, just for a trick with your flashlight?”
“This isn’t a trick,” I say breathlessly. “It’s not even the demonstration. Don’t you see?”
Rupert shakes his head. “Come back inside, Janika, and we’ll carry on eating. You can tell us all about it when we’re sitting down again. The food will be getting cold.”
“Rupert,” I say, tucking the large flashlight back inside my bag, before following him and Alice into the kitchen, “don’t you see? If you walked through the crack detection ink you spilled on the floor yesterday, the thief or thieves will have done the same. Give me a list of possible suspects, and I’ll pop round tonight to their houses and check their doorsteps. The traces might be faint, so it’s best done in the dark. Well?”
Rupert nods enthusiastically. “I get it now. I guess we’d better start with Tom Patterson. He’s the young apprentice. I really hope it isn’t him. Really, really hope. He’s a good lad.”
“We?” I ask.
“Of course, Janika. I don’t want you out there alone, checking doorsteps in the dark. If you hit on the guilty person and they see you, they’re going to know what’s happened. Someone who steals cars isn’t going to be a softy, I can assure you.”
Alice agrees with Rupert, and warns him to be careful. Then she says, “After lunch I suggest a stroll through the woods. There are foxes there, and grey squirrels in the oak trees. Come and see some typical English wildlife. Or we can snooze.”
I vote for a walk in the woods, and Rupert votes for a snooze in one of the comfortable armchairs in the large living room at the front of the house.
Alice rolls her eyes. “How about we leave Mr Misery behind, and we can have girl talk about boyfriends in private?”
I’m wondering what Alice has in mind. I’ve never met Toby Walton outside the church environment. Maybe she thinks we’re dating. Well, she’s in for a disappointment if so. Or perhaps she wants to break the news of Toby’s forthcoming marriage to someone I’ve not met.

Chapter 17

Sunday lunch is a very leisurely affair in most households, and the Forresters’ lunch is no exception. It’s getting on for 3 o’clock before we’ve talked ourselves into exhaustion, and I’m tempted to suggest that a snooze might be a good option after all. But Alice is preparing to put her outdoor shoes on.
Since the woodland is going to be rather muddy, and I’ve only got smart trainers because we came straight from church, I’m not feeling all that enthusiastic. It turns out that Alice and I take about the same size in shoes, so she lends me a pair of ankle boots that seem to have done good service in muddy conditions.
Alice keeps looking at the clock in the hall, and she’s telling me to hurry up. It won’t be dark until after eight, so we’re not likely to get lost. The woodland is relatively small, and open to the public. So why the rush?
We go down the stone steps from the front door and straight round to the back of the house. Alice points to the large patio with railings around it. “It’s a safe place for Freddie to play.”
“The basement apartment must be soundproof. I haven’t heard any sound from down below since they went back in from the garden. I didn’t even hear their baby cry.”
“They’ve probably gone to see Harry’s parents. And talking about down below, I expect you know the secret we discovered under the patio.”
I shake my head. “What secret? I know about the well. There’s something else?”
“Ah,” Alice says, “we’ll have to show you some time. But not now. We need to get into the woods.”
I’m definitely puzzled. There is a main entrance to the woodland halfway along the road, and I imagine there are other access points to this public space. I know Abi and Danny have their own access, and Alice is unlocking and opening a tall wooden gate in the high fence that surrounds their property.
“I think we’ll make for the pond,” Alice says. “Abi says she has lots of memories of fishing for tadpoles in that pond. She was born in her house, and grew up there. Her parents gave her the house when they moved permanently to Spain.” Alice smiles. “I expect you’ve heard about the competition my old uncle set for me and my siblings in his will. I won it, so Rupert and I also live rent and mortgage free. How about you, Janika?”
“Sam and I had to rent. When we couldn’t manage to pay we got evicted. I guess you don’t know what hardship is.” I don’t say it with any resentment in my voice. I’m just stating a fact.
I notice Alice is shaking her head. “Janika, I was the youngest of four, and they made me a slave after our parents died. In a way I love them, but they were lazy, scrounging off Uncle Isaac.” 
“Sorry, Alice. I didn’t know.”
She shrugs. “I was just as bad. We relied on Uncle Isaac’s money. I was the only one who worked. That’s a dark time in my life that I don’t want to revisit. Let’s change the subject. Have you settled in above Button Up? No, this is the path that leads to the pond.”
Alice seems very keen to show me the pond. Perhaps she’s downplaying it, and it’s going to be a boating lake, with a small rowing boat we can go out in.
“The living accommodation is a bit small, Alice, but it’s handy to have it as part of the office. And there’s parking at the back for my car. Abi has made sure that the rent is reasonable, and I’m not badly off.”
“Do you reckon you’ll stay put for some time?” Alice asks.
I shrug. “Once I build up the business I might look for a larger office in town. The living space is a bit cramped. I’ve been used to living in a house. I like it out here, where you live. The small brick terrace on the other side of your road looks attractive. I could probably afford one of those houses now. I have a lump sum from the life insurance, and good compensation from the police. But I ‒‒‒‒”
“Hi there,” a man calls out, interrupting my conversation.
It’s Toby.
“Alice,” I hiss. “how could you!”
“Well there’s a coincidence,” Alice says in a voice of pretend innocence.
I can see now why she was in a hurry to get here soon after 3 o’clock. Oh, this is so embarrassing.
“Just admiring the pond,” Toby says.
He comes across to us, with a confident grin on his face. All I have on my face are bright red cheeks. Why is this man having such an effect on me? It’s not as though I’ve never seen a man close up before who has taken a fancy to me. And from the look on Toby’s face, he seems unexpectedly pleased to meet us.
Alice seems to be maintaining a calm voice. “Well, Toby,” she says, “since you’re here, would you like to join us for a stroll through the rest of the woods?”
Never mind if I want to join Toby on a stroll through the rest of the woods. The situation has obviously been prearranged, and I can’t just walk away. Nor, I realise, do I want to!
I think Toby has the decency to look a bit embarrassed when he realises I’ve not been tipped off in advance, but he doesn’t seem all that bothered. As we start walking on, he casually walks next to me. The path through the trees is rather narrow, and Alice leads the way.
“Abi and Danny’s house is that way,” Alice says, turning slightly. “We won’t bother her today. This path leads to where the squirrels are nesting.”
As long as Alice doesn’t mention procreating, I guess I’m on safe ground. Somehow, my mind isn’t working correctly – that’s obvious.
“I hear there was a break-in at Rupert’s garage last night,” Toby says to no one in particular. “Have the police caught anyone?”
“They had the cheek to come round and question me early this morning,” I say. Somehow, talking to Toby outside the church environment is as easy as it is there.
Toby stops for a moment and looks genuinely surprised. “You mean they wanted your help to catch the criminals?” It sounds to be a genuine question.
“They didn’t ask for my help. They wanted to know if I could account for my movements during the night.”
“And could you?”
“No, Toby, I certainly couldn’t. I live on my own.” Why on earth did I say that? And in that tone of voice? I want to turn round and hurry back to collect my car and drive away as far as possible.
“I know you do, Janika,” Toby says, without so much as a smile. “Could you help them?”
“They thought that as a private detective I’d know how to break into premises and disable alarms.”
Toby smiles. We’ve stopped walking, and the three of us are facing each other. “A reasonable question perhaps,” Toby says. “You told me your late husband Sam was in the CID, so you might have picked up a few tricks. Not that I’d suspect you in the slightest. Yes, that was certainly cheeky of them.”
“But Janika has a brilliant idea,” Alice says. “Rupert spilt fluorescent ink on the garage floor yesterday afternoon. Janika checked Rupert’s work trainers with a UV light and found traces of the ink. If Rupert got it on his shoes, so would the gang that broke in.”
“That’s amazing, Janika,” Toby says. “Sheer genius. Are you going to tell the police?”
Alice shakes her head. “Janika and Rupert are going round to a few possible suspects’ houses this evening when it’s dark, with an ultraviolet light, checking the doorsteps. Even in daylight it showed on our front doorstep, but not very brightly. It should be okay after dark. Janika wanted to go on her own, but Rupert wouldn’t hear of it.”
“How about if I go with you instead?” Toby says. Then he looks a bit embarrassed. Good, he’s been embarrassing me by turning up here in the woods unexpectedly. I feel a little more relaxed now I’m not the only embarrassed person here.
“That’s a wonderful idea, Toby,” Alice says, before I can even say anything.
“What time should I call for you?” Toby says, as if it’s all been agreed. “I know where you live. I’ve passed the place several times wondering what’s going on up there when I see the lights on.”
Has Toby really been passing Button Up specially, hoping to catch a glimpse of me in the office window? Are we behaving like embarrassed teenagers, trying to fix a date? Well, someone needs to make their mind up. “That’s great, Toby. Thanks so much. It will be good to have you with me.”
As we walk away, Toby takes me gently by the arm. “Watch how you go, Janika. It looks a bit tricky ahead.”
I hope he’s talking about the path through the trees, and not about life. I really, really hope he’s only talking about the muddy path.

Chapter 18

Toby calls for me at my apartment just before eight. Rupert has already given me four addresses, and the first house we are to visit is Tom Patterson’s, the young apprentice. Rupert says he doesn’t for one minute think Tom was involved, but it would set his mind at rest one way or the other.
Toby says we’ll take his car, as mine might be known, unlikely though that would be. His car is a Vauxhall Corsa. Not the latest model. So he isn’t out to impress me with some flash motor.
I remember Bruno turning up for our first date in a silver Maserati with the top down. Turned out he’d only borrowed it. So, if Toby is prepared to turn up in an ordinary car, he either hasn’t got designs on me, or he’s a naturally unpretentious man. At the moment, I’m hoping it’s the latter.
Toby is wearing smart jeans and a navy blue sweatshirt. It hasn’t got any silly words on the front, and that’s another good sign. I know some men are so keen to impress their date that they put on the silliest clothes. Anyway, this isn’t a date. This is business.
I have my large ultra bright UV flashlight, and my small one as a backup. With the bright one we shouldn’t need to go right up to the front doors.
Toby sees me into the passenger side of his car and shuts the door. I like that. Sam was a gentleman, too. Then he gets in his side, and although it’s dusk now, I can see him clearly. He turns to me.
“Right, Janika, where are we going first?”
I give him Tom Patterson’s address and he says he knows the road, and it’s only five or six minutes away. When I got back at mine earlier, having a light snack before embarking on this potentially risky inspection of doorways, I had a bright idea.
I have the Button Up flyers, and I thought if we got caught going up to someone’s front door, and they wanted to know what we were doing, I could just hand them a flyer and we’d look like the people who are paid to go around putting annoying junk mail through letter boxes.
As Toby pulls away, I can feel my heart speed up. This must be because of the possible risks involved in this job. As Rupert said, people who steal cars aren’t softies, and he reckoned there had to be at least two people involved.
Tom’s house has a light on in the front downstairs room. As we walk up to the front door a dog barks inside the house. I quickly hand Toby one of the Button Up flyers. “Put it through the letterbox,” I whisper, “but take your time.”
I flash the blue beam from my UV flashlight all down the short garden path, and onto the doorstep. I can hear someone coming to the front door. Any moment now it will swing open and some thug will grab hold of us and drag us inside.
No, of course that’s not going to happen. Toby has already dropped the flyer through the letterbox, and I can hear the person walking away, presumably after picking it up and telling the dog to be quiet. Well, I hope the flyer brings Abi and Melanie some more business.
The dog stops barking, which means I can spend a few seconds for a more thorough search. Absolutely nothing. There are a few flecks of blue from what could be small scraps of paper or other rubbish, but no bright green anywhere.
Toby seems to be pretty cool about it. My heart is thumping even more than usual on a surveillance job. I notice the curtain downstairs being pulled back a bit. It’s an older man.
“We’d better put a flyer through next door,” I suggest. “Just in case whoever is in here is suspicious. I guess Tom is still living with his parents, and that’s his dad.”
I stay by the gate to the house next door, and leave Toby to go to the front door to post a flyer. “I think that’s good news,” he says. “Rupert seems particularly anxious that it shouldn’t be the young apprentice.”
“We can’t rule him out completely,” I explain. “If he’d been walking around for quite a distance after leaving the Mill Lane Garage, the ink would have worn off. All we can do is prove someone did, not prove they didn’t. Even if they were in the garage and got the fluorescent ink on their shoes, they might have changed before coming home, or they might not have picked up enough of it to show. I think we could be wasting our time, Toby.”
There I go again. We. Well, Toby is with me now, so he’s part of the team, so what’s wrong with saying that?
“Where now,” Toby asks.
For the next three quarters of an hour we drive around Craidlea, and even out of town, checking the other doorsteps. It had sounded a great idea when I first thought of it at the Forrester’s house, and lit up Rupert’s footprints with my ultraviolet light. Especially as it worked in daylight. But as I said to Toby, you can’t prove someone wasn’t involved, just that they probably were if I find green footprints.
“That’s the lot on your list. What do you suggest next?” Toby asks. “It’s not much fun going for a drive in the dark. Perhaps I should drop you home.”
He doesn’t sound particularly anxious to drop me home, but what can we do at this time of the evening? I’m not expecting to park somewhere quiet in the moonlight and snuggle up together. “I guess you’d better take me back,” I say, deliberately making it sound as though I’m reluctant.
“Perhaps you’d better phone Rupert and let him know we’ve reached a dead end,” Toby suggests. “I’d ask you back to mine, but it’s a bit late now. I expect you’ve got work in the morning.”
I get Toby’s point. Not about me having to work in the morning, but it might look a bit suspicious if one of his neighbours saw him inviting a woman back at this time of the evening. I guess Toby has a reputation to keep up in the church, and I’m sure it’s a genuinely good reputation. I imagine Alice would have tipped me off if he’d recently been through a series of failed relationships.
Before I can dial Rupert’s number, my phone rings. It’s Rupert. “How’s it going, you two?”
I explain how we’ve drawn a dead end everywhere, although that isn’t proving anyone is innocent. I also pass on the news that Tom Patterson’s doorstep came out negative.
“I’ve had an idea, Janika. It’s a long shot, but if you have the time to make one more check, it would be good.”
“Hold on,” I say quickly, “I’m putting you on speaker phone. I’m still with Toby in his car. He was about to drop me home. I guess we’ve still got time. What’s the address?”
Rupert’s voice comes over loudly, and I can see Toby’s face lit by the screen. He’s staring at the phone intently.
“The owner of the car is Clive Buckingham,” Rupert says. “I think I told you, Janika, that he’s got a house on the edge of town with a large barn. If you’re up to it this evening, could you possibly check there?”
I chuckle. “Why would he steal his own car, Rupert?”
Toby nudges me. “An insurance scam?”
Rupert has obviously heard. “You’re right, Toby. I’ve been thinking. If Clive Buckingham didn’t have his car insured for track days, but just for the road, he wouldn’t be able to get the damage repaired on his insurance.”
That doesn’t make sense. “Supposing he has taken it back. What’s he going to do with it now? He’s reported it stolen to the police.”
“You’ve got me there,” Rupert says. “I’ll think about it. But in the meantime, any chance of checking it out this evening? It’s going to rain tomorrow, and the ink is going to get washed away.”
“If there is any,” I say. I know something about insurance scams, but this one isn’t quite making sense.
The interior light is on in the car, and I can see Toby nodding enthusiastically at me, but he’s not speaking. I guess he wants to go along with Rupert’s suggestion. I nod back at him, and he says, “Yes?”
I smile, and say “Yes.” I’m assuming I’ve only agreed to go to Clive Buckingham’s house, and nothing more. I tell Rupert we’ll let him know how we get on.
Toby isn’t a local boy, and he only has a vague idea of where Mr Buckingham’s house is. So I bring up the address on my phone, and we navigate there safely. It takes over fifteen minutes, so Rupert’s idea of, “On the edge of town,” is a bit of an exaggeration. In the dark, it seems to be almost on the edge of the next town!
We stop just beyond the house, and Toby says, “I’m not sure anyone would be delivering Button Up flyers out here. Can you think of a good excuse if we get caught?”
“We won’t get caught,” I say. “Well, probably not. We’ll just make a run for it. Make sure you keep the keys to the Corsa handy, ready for a quick getaway.”
I can see Toby has quite a sense of humour. “My Corsa won’t be much good against the Jaguar if it’s hidden in the barn,” he says dryly.
“That Jag is a wreck,” I explain. “Come on, let’s not sit here talking about it. Let’s go.”

Chapter 19

An isolated house like this will almost certainly have a dog. Perhaps a pack of them. And I’m right. There’s no gate to the front entrance, and the track is concrete, so our feet are surely silent. So why are at least two dogs, perhaps more, setting up a loud howling sound from inside what looks like an old farmhouse?
I catch hold of Toby’s arm, ready to make a fast retreat, but Toby holds his ground. “Let’s see this through,” he mutters. “Do you have one of your business cards with you?”
I can see straightaway where this is going. I pull one from the back pocket of my jeans. I pass it quickly to Toby, feeling slightly embarrassed that it’s warm. I don’t expect he’ll notice where it came from.
I jump as the yard in front of the house is suddenly lit by two floodlights that would do a football ground proud. The front door is flung open.
I shield my eyes to see a man who is probably in his mid to late forties. Certainly older than me and Toby. “We don’t want callers at this time of night,” he shouts. Then he yells at his dogs to keep quiet, but they don’t seem to have been trained very well, because the frantic barking continues.
Toby steps forward with my card. “Mr Buckingham? This is Janika Jones, a well-known private detective here in Craidlea. We’re sorry to learn about the loss of your classic Jaguar, and I can only apologise for being here so late. Can we be any help in attempting to recover it?”
“News gets round fast,” the man says, slightly lowering his voice. “I don’t need any private detective. I’m leaving it to the professionals. In other words, the police.”
“If you’re absolutely sure,” Toby says, walking towards the man slowly. I can see what he’s doing. I need to check the doorstep, but with the floodlights on I don’t think my UV flashlight is going to be much use. And is Mr Buckingham going to spot it in my hand? Well, I suppose it doesn’t matter if he does. It looks like a regular flashlight. The sort of large one someone would want to carry in the countryside where there are no street lights.
“Who is it?” a woman’s voice calls from inside the house.
“Just some private detectives. It’s all right, they’re going.”
The woman who comes to the door and looks over her husband’s shoulder is quite a bit younger than Mr Buckingham. Well, I’m assuming it’s his wife. “Tell them to go away. We don’t want it back. I hope we’ve seen the back of that car for ever.”
She turns to me. We are about the same age, so perhaps she’s recognised there’s a kindred spirit. “I know you,” she says in surprise. “You’re that detective from town. You were in the paper  when someone tried to shoot you. I thought you worked on your own. Who is this with you?”
I don’t think as I say, “This is Toby. He’s my boyfriend. He didn’t want me out here in the dark at this time of night on my own.”
Boyfriend? Where did that come from? Oh, I feel so embarrassed.
“That’s right,” I hear Toby say. “This is my girlfriend, and I’m keeping an eye on her.”
The dogs. There’s even more excited barking now. They seem to be somewhere in the back of the house. I’m not ready to go yet. I need to get to the doorway on my own, ideally with the floodlights off.
“Do you think I could just use your bathroom before I go?” Yes, it’s an old trick, but it always works on television. Here’s hoping it works in real life. I’m looking at Mrs Buckingham as I speak, and I imagine one woman will always take pity on another in the circumstances.
“Down there. The cloakroom is the door facing you. You’ll find it clean, unless Clive has been in there.” And she doesn’t even laugh. I get the feeling there’s some tension between these two.
Toby seems to understand what’s happening, and he’s trying to get the Buckinghams away from the front door so I can check the porch floor when I return.
“Quite an amazing old farmhouse you’ve got here,” I can hear him saying as I hurry down the hallway. There are flagstones on the floor, and I guess the farmhouse must be at least two hundred years old. I pass a room where I can hear the dogs whimpering, so I’m certainly not going in there.
“Would you like a cup of tea before you go?” Mrs Buckingham calls to me.
“No they wouldn’t,” Mr Buckingham snaps. “I don’t want any interference on this job. The police are looking into it. If they don’t find it, I get the insurance. That’s what counts.”
“The insurance is fine by me,” I hear Mrs Buckingham say. “That car costs us too much, with all those track days and shows you go to.”
The downstairs cloakroom is surprisingly large, and I know I ought to wait a minute or so for flushing the toilet to look as though my need was genuine. That’s when I spot some boots and shoes, neatly placed in the corner. Can it be? Can it really be?
I’m still carrying the flashlight, and I shine it on the pile. Nothing seems to fluoresce, so I switch the room light off. There, is that something?
I reach down and disturb the pile of shoes. My UV flashlight has a naturally blue light of its own. The actual blue light is not very bright, but it enables me to see what I’m doing. Any fluorescence will shine out brightly. No, what I’m seeing is blue fluorescence. A pair of old black shoes are wrapped in newspaper. That’s what I saw.
Hold on, there’s something bright green. Just a few specks. As far as I know, it’s the whitener in paper and plastics that shines blue. Until Rupert shone the hand lamp on the floor at the Mill Lane Garage, I’d never seen green fluorescence before. I didn’t even know anything could fluoresce green.
I retrieve the pair of rather battered black shoes. They are large, and clearly not Mrs Buckingham’s. Embedded in the tread on the soles I can see bright green.
Got you, Mr Buckingham!
What do I do now? If I take the shoes away, assuming I can even manage to do that without being caught, Clive Buckingham can simply deny they are his. But if I take one, and he doesn’t know I’ve done it, the police can raid the house and find the matching shoe. Whether they’ll find the C-type in the old barn, I’ve no idea, but this evidence should be enough to incriminate him.
I remember to flush the toilet. I now have about twenty seconds in which to pretend to wash my hands before emerging. Hopefully, no one will be watching. The shoes are battered and fairly flat, and if I was wearing a coat I could conceal one easily. But with a jumper and a pair of skinny jeans, I can’t see there’s much hope. What to do?
There’s a small window above the wash basin. I’ve no idea what’s out there, but it’s worth the risk. I quickly open the window and drop one of the shoes outside. By the blue light from my UV flashlight I can see it’s landed in a small bush.
The visible light from my flashlight doesn’t extend very far, but if I leave the light on in the cloakroom, I should be I able to identify the window and the bush if I can get round to the back of the house. The only problem is, how do I do it without the Buckinghams realising?
Then I have a bright idea. The plain silver ring I wear on my right hand isn’t of any great sentimental value. It’s one I bought on holiday as a souvenir. It’s not as though it’s a precious gift from Sam. I’m still wearing my wedding ring, and no way am I ever going to lose that. But I place the silver ring on the small shelf above the wash basin, where it won’t be spotted easily by anyone coming in after me.
This plan has to work. I almost feel like praying that it will, but I don’t think my voice is going to be heard. I think my track record with Bruno has lost me the right to pray.

Chapter 20

I come out of the cloakroom, rubbing my hands as though there’s a bit of damp left on them, and nod to Toby who is still standing outside the front door. Clearly he wasn’t welcome inside the house.
As I’m walking up the long flagstone passage, Mrs Buckingham whispers to me, “Do me a favour, love, and make sure that car never gets found. As far as I’m concerned it’s good riddance to bad rubbish. It cost a fortune, and we could do with the money right now, not some old racing car.”
I’m a bit taken aback, and assure her that the chances of finding it are slim. I could add that the chances of finding it in the barn are probably slightly higher.
As Toby and I walk away, I’m looking straight ahead so the Buckinghams can’t see my face under the floodlights and notice I’m talking. “Toby, that man is guilty. I found his shoes in the cloakroom.”
“And have you got them?” The floodlights are still on, and he looks me up and down and shakes his head. “I guess not.”
“Toby,” I say, “I’ve got to go round to the back of the house and find a bush below the cloakroom window with the light on.”
“You’ve got to be joking, Janika,” Toby says. “There’s no way you’re going back there on your own. This is a job for the police.”
“The police aren’t going to come here this evening,” I say. “They’d need a search warrant, and they’d only get that tonight if it was a murder.”
“Well don’t push it, Janika. I don’t want you getting murdered. I’ll have to come with you.”
“Listen, Toby, we drive off a little way, then turn the car round. We’ll come back in five minutes. Give them time to settle down again.”
Toby does as instructed. It’s good to have a compliant man, although I’m sure Toby can make his mind up when pushed. “What about the dogs and the floodlights?” he asks, backing into a small lane half a mile up the road, ready to turn round. “I can’t see how‒‒‒”
“Leave it to me, Toby. I’m going first, and as soon as you see the floodlights come on and hear the dogs barking, go straight to the front door.”
“What about you, Janika?”
“I’m nipping round to the back of the house as soon as I’ve triggered the lights. You’re going to say you think I’ve left a silver ring in the cloakroom.”
“What happens when they look and it’s not there?”
“Oh,” I say confidently, “it will be. It’s on the shelf above the wash basin. Don’t take no for an answer. It really is there.”
“Then be careful. If they let the dogs out, I don’t know what’s going to happen.”
“They won’t,” I say reassuringly. “They won’t know about the shoe. It’s a plan that can’t go wrong. Trust me.”
Toby obviously does trust me. That’s a healthy sign between a man and a woman – even if they are only friends. 
I sprint down the drive towards the house, and the lights come on before I can get round the back. I turn, and see Toby making his way to the door. I don’t wait to see or hear what happens as I make my way round to the back by the dim blue light from my flashlight. There’s a small yard. I’m guessing this is where the cloakroom window looks out.
I’m right. And there’s the bush. Even as I’m making my way there, the light goes out in the cloakroom. I guess Mrs Buckingham has already found the ring for Toby. I just have time to orientate myself as I reach out in the darkness and grab the shoe.
Now I have to get back to Toby and the car without either of us being caught.
I cautiously poke my head round the side of the house where I can see the front door. Toby is standing there talking to someone, and he glances my way. He’s holding the ring between two fingers, letting me see it in his hand. I think he’s spotted me, even though he doesn’t make it obvious.
I hear him say, “Thank you very much, Mrs Buckingham. My girlfriend will be very pleased. She thought she must have left it there. We’d only gone a short way when she begged me to turn back. I hope you don’t mind us disturbing you again.”
I can’t hear the answer, but Toby starts to walk back towards the road where we parked the Corsa. I hear Mr Buckingham call out, “And don’t bother us again.”
The timing now is critical. I can’t make a break for it yet. The old front door bangs shut loudly. I guess that’s Mr Buckingham, not Mrs. He obviously wasn’t so pleased to get the return visit.
Toby is nearly back to the road and his car. I have to reach the car before either Mr or Mrs Buckingham can get to the window to make sure we really are leaving. I’m sure they wouldn’t guess I’ve got the contaminated shoe with me, but if they see me they’ll certainly be suspicious that I’ve been retrieving some sort of evidence under the guise of looking for a mislaid ring.
My plan works. Well, there’s no indication that the Buckinghams have come to their door again. I fling myself into the car and slam the door shut.
“Quick, Toby, before they let the dogs out!” I say it as a joke.
“Have you got it?” Toby asks, starting the engine.
“Sure have,” I say smugly. “Thanks for what you did. We make a great team.”
“We certainly do,” Toby says, laughing a little as he begins to relax. “You certainly lead an exciting life, Janika.”
“Do you think the Jaguar could be in the barn?” I ask. “Only....”
“Janika,” Toby says, “I have no idea, and we’re certainly not going to break in to see. This is a job for the police. You put yourself at enough risk getting the shoe.”
“Point taken, Toby. I guess there’s nothing we can do now. I doubt Clive Buckingham will miss that shoe tonight.”
“You’ve done well,” Toby says, “but I hate the thought of you putting yourself in danger. A private detective should know where the boundaries lie in solving crime.”
He’s right, of course, and as we drive on I look back for any sign of headlights chasing us. But the country road seems to be empty. It’s pitch dark now, and I know I’d see headlights out here in the countryside.
“I’ve no idea what you do for a job,” I say. No, that wasn’t a very sensible thing to say. It sounds as though I’ve taken very little interest in Toby and his life. All I do know is that he’s single, and Alice thinks he’s ready to find the right woman. That might or might not be me. I’m not going to rush things.
“I’m in insurance,” Toby says. “I’m a loss adjuster, checking up on people’s claims and deciding on the amount of compensation. I expect it sounds like a totally boring job to someone living life on the edge like you, Janika.”
I decide not to comment on that. I’ve no idea how exciting a life a loss adjuster leads. “So that’s why you’re interested in the stolen car. Is it your company that’s insured it?”
“I’ve no idea, Janika, but I’m going to check. This looks like an insurance scam, the more I think about it. All the major insurance companies share details of claims with each other. That prevents multiple fraudulent claims when someone insures the same item or property with several companies, and expects all of them to pay out.”
I wait until Toby has negotiated a rather sharp bend where I can see oncoming headlights shining off the dry stone walls. I’m glad to see that Toby has noticed the lights too, and he pulls in while a white car squeezes past.
“That’s what Rupert thought,” I say. “I don’t see how a scam could work. You say he can’t insure the car with several companies at the same time, so that would be pointless. If the insurance company pays out, the car belongs to them when it’s eventually recovered. Surely. So Clive Buckingham can’t just fix it and start driving around in it, pretending he’s bought another one. They must be really scarce. I imagine every one is well documented with its location and owner.”
“That,” Toby says, “is the thought that is giving me some difficulty too. First of all, do you think the police will take any notice of a single shoe with fluorescent ink on it?”
I shrug. “Since the local police told me to keep well out of things, I have some doubts. They’ll probably accuse me of theft, even though I’m acting as a private detective. But I know someone who will be interested and take me seriously. I’m going to phone Detective Constable Courtney Jacobs first thing in the morning. Or maybe she’s Detective Sergeant Courtney Jacobs now. Which reminds me. She’s inviting Ollie and us for a meal at Parke’s to celebrate her promotion to detective sergeant.”
“Us?” Toby sounds genuinely surprised.
I might regret saying it later, but the words just tumble out. “Ollie is Courtney’s boyfriend. She asked me to bring my boyfriend, and from the way you were talking to Mr and Mrs Buckingham, I guess that’s you!”

Chapter 21

By the reflected light from the dry stone walls I can’t tell if Toby looks pleased by the invitation, or whether he is appalled by my presumption. He seems remarkably interested in the road. I guess his thoughts are in turmoil.
It seems his thoughts aren’t in as much of the turmoil as I imagine. “Sounds great, Janika. It will be a privilege to accompany you. I guess everyone is going to dress up, if it’s a celebration. Parke’s isn’t exactly the sort of place you go to in old jeans and a sweatshirt. I imagine they have some sort of dress code.” 
“There’s no need to go overboard, Toby. Smart casual will be fine, I’m sure.”
“I have a nice suit. I certainly don’t want to embarrass you.”
I can’t help wondering what Toby will look like. I’ve only ever seen him in jeans and a jumper or sweatshirt. The church doesn’t have any sort of dress code. It’s just a welcoming, friendly place. Seeing Toby in a suit is going to be really weird, but I’m sure he’ll look magnificent.
We come to a straight bit of road, and Toby turns briefly to me. There’s not much reflected light from the low walls, but he seems to be smiling. “Janika,” he says with a slight shake in his voice, “that’s really kind of you to think of me.”
I’d be lying if I said I’m always thinking of him, but I have to admit a certain attraction for Toby Walton, with or without a suit.
There seems to be a general air of embarrassment in the car, from both of us, but I have a sudden thought. “Toby, on the way back into town can we make a detour? I want to go past a certain house. I don’t want to give you names, but the woman who lives there thinks her husband is trying to poison her, and it looks as though he could have poisoned himself. Perhaps by accident. Or it might be just a heart attack with no poison involved.”
Toby almost brings the car to a halt in surprise. “Are you serious, Janika?”
“It could be a diversion technique. Misdirection. The wife claims she’s expecting to be poisoned, and really she’s planning to poison him. Then she can say he must have eaten the poisoned food by accident.”
“I’m not sure you should get mixed up in this sort of work,” Toby says. “I don’t like to think of you doing anything that’s dangerous for your work.”
It sounds like genuine concern, and I assure Toby that no way am I going to accept any food or drink at the Struthers’ house. “The husband was rushed to hospital yesterday. It was a suspected heart attack, but I asked the doctor in the hospital to check for poison. I got the impression he wasn’t taking me that seriously.”
“Well, Craidlea hospital is open twenty-four seven, so I don’t mind going that way at all.”
“No, not this hospital. It’s the big one in Brevelstone. I’d just like to drive down the Struthers’ road. I’d like to see if there are any lights on. It’s too late to ring the bell, but if the husband has died, and his wife has been arrested, the house will be in darkness.”
Toby seems to know the road and the quickest route there. I feel a bit strange as we drive down the road. I know I’m not responsible for whatever has happened, but I don’t want anyone to have been poisoned, or anyone dead, not even from heart failure.
“Slow down, Toby. The house is coming up. See, there’s the broken front gate. This is it.”
It must be nearly 10 o’clock, and there’s a light on downstairs. I can’t see into the room because the curtains are closed. So it looks as though Debbie Struthers isn’t under arrest. Her husband won’t be there. Surely no one can get out of hospital that quickly when they’ve been rushed in with a suspected heart attack – or poisoning.
I really, really would love to ring the bell and check up on the woman, but it’s too late for social calls. I’ll come back tomorrow morning. Toby will be at work sorting out insurance claims and scams, and I’ll be on my own.
I find the idea of being on my own a slightly strange and almost unwelcome thought as I glance at Toby. This is the first time we’ve actually met outside church, and now I’m in his car. Slow down, Janika. Slow down. You’re not ready for this yet ‒ and probably never will be.
It’s ten minutes later, and Toby is dropping me off outside Button Up. There’s no kiss, and I’m not expecting one. We’re not young lusting teenagers on a first date, ready to devour each other’s mouths. We’re mature adults in our early thirties. So why has the thought of a kiss even crossed my mind? Toby says he’ll come with me to the door to make sure I get in okay.
That’s not a bad offer. I was once attacked by Bruno in the doorway while fiddling with my complicated locks. Hopefully, I’ve seen the last of that man. He went back to Poland immediately after trying to get me arrested. Such a spiteful move, but I think I’ve come out of the ordeal stronger.
My right hand is shaking as I put one key into the first lock. It almost feels like excitement. Then the second key into the other lock. The door swings open and I can immediately tell that the alarm hasn’t gone off since I left here. I turn to let Toby know all is well.
It isn’t until I shut and lock the door that I hear Toby drive off. Well, that was fun. Perhaps I do need a bit of romance in my life.

<><><><>

I phoned Rupert with an update as soon as I got back last night. He seemed relieved, because he thought he was probably still under suspicion. Anyway, I told him I’m handing the evidence over to the Brevelstone CID first thing in the morning, and he’s not to breathe a word about anything.
He said he did wonder if Mr Buckingham had stolen the car. He also thought the Jag was only insured for road use, and not for track work, so he wouldn’t be able to claim on the insurance for the extensive damage. The Jaguar needs specialist coach building work as well as fixing some of the suspension and other major parts. He doubted that Clive Buckingham would be able to pay for that work out of his own pocket, so maybe that’s why he took it back and pretended it was stolen.
But Rupert said he’s still puzzled about how Clive Buckingham could get in and disable what is quite a complicated alarm system. Anyway, he was relieved to know about the shoe I recovered from the Buckinghams’ house.
Well, that’s something for Brevelstone CID to sort out. I know Courtney Jacobs gets to work well before nine, and my impatience is getting the better of me. I phone her direct number, and my name must have come up on her screen because she greets me by name.
Fortunately, she takes me seriously. She already knows about the theft of the Jaguar, and Brevelstone CID are involved. It will be her first official job as Detective Sergeant Jacobs.
“Courtney, I’ve got mixed up with the case, quite unofficially, but in my office I’ve got physical evidence of who was involved. I’d like you to have it. I can come over to Brevelstone this morning. It’s an old shoe indicating the owner was inside the Mill Lane Garage after Rupert Forrester locked up.”
“Sounds intriguing. Are you in the office for the next hour?” Courtney asks. “I’m coming your way. The Brevelstone hospital is concerned about a case of reported poisoning, and your name has been mentioned.”
“Mr Leonard Struthers?”
Courtney laughs. “Sounds as though you’re mixed up in that case as well. My, you are busy nowadays.”
“Busy? I’ve even managed to get Toby Walton to accompany me to Parke’s. I had quite an adventure with him last night.”
“Oh yes!”
“A work adventure! He helped me recover the shoe from the Buckinghams’ house. There’s no need to read too much into things. I’m glad your promotion has gone through.”
“It was confirmed in writing yesterday. So the meal is definitely on. You can tell me all about your romance when I get there.”
“Fine, the shoe is safely inside a clear plastic bag. When you get the search warrant, you’ll know exactly where to find the other shoe. I expect Mr Buckingham will try and accuse me of theft, but I’m sure you’ll be able to handle that okay.”
“I’m sure we can, Janika. When we search the house and find the shoe he won’t be watching. He’s not going to ask if we found a pair. The shoe we find will be all the evidence we need.”
That makes me feel better. We finish the call and I sit at my desk, my head in my hands. Yes, I’m busy, but I’m not being paid for my time and effort. Toby phones, jerking me out of my reverie. He wants to meet me for a meal on Thursday evening.
I accept the invitation, of course, but explain it will have to be the weekend. I have a job in London Thursday and Friday. I can’t tell him any more at the moment. He says he’s disappointed, but of course my work must come first.
The thought of doing that assignment for Piers Pillinger and Humphrey Broxburn makes me feel slightly sick with anxiety. I got away with it the first time, and Humphrey seems to have forgiven me for my part in uncovering the deception I’m convinced he was planning.
I have a feeling my life might be more in danger in London than it was yesterday evening discovering and retrieving a shoe with the sole covered in fluorescent dye.

Chapter 22

Courtney arrives within the hour. I invite her upstairs and we sit down by the office window. The one that hasn’t got the large sign blocking the view. She says she’s found out a bit more about Mr Struthers. She says I haven’t exactly been wasting police time, but it was probably unwise of me to tell the doctor in the hospital emergency department that Len Struthers had been poisoned.
Apparently, he had been alarmed by my suggestion, and because I seemed so serious and had an official-looking detective card, the hospital ran several time-consuming tests.
“Anyway,” Courtney says, smiling, “I reckon you did the right thing in the circumstances. Turns out it wasn’t even a proper heart attack. Mr Struthers suffers from angina, which is generally under control except when he loses his temper ‒ and I gather he isn’t very good at keeping it. And he’d forgotten to take his medication earlier.”
“He isn’t dead?”
“The police here got involved of course, because of your accusation, but he’s home now with his wife.”
I roll my eyes. “Is his wife still expecting to be poisoned?”
“Janika,” Courtney says, “why don’t you go and see them if you want to find out anything more? That’s all I know.”
I nod. “I might do that. I feel sort of responsible for what happened at the hospital. I expect they put in some unpleasant work with the stomach pump. Perhaps at both ends. Serves the man right. He is really nasty to his wife.”
“Then you’d better go around today, Janika, before one of them really does get poisoned.”
I laugh. I can see humour in Courtney’s eyes, but it’s a sensible suggestion.
Courtney has already placed the incriminating shoe in an official evidence bag. Yes, I told her, I had touched it. I had to throw it out of the window and then recover it from a bush. All in a bit of a hurry.
“Anyway,” I say, by way of excuse, “you’re not looking for fingerprints. Just the other shoe covered with fluorescent ink from the Mill Lane Garage.”
“A search warrant is already in hand. The forensic team will be searching the premises, the barn, and everywhere on the old farm.” She looks up at the circular white clock on the wall above the fireplace in my office.
“Janika, I’m meeting the team there in thirty minutes. And no, you definitely can’t attend. But I promise I’ll keep you updated in whatever we find. I doubt we’ll find the car stored away somewhere, but there’s always a chance.”
I’ve made Courtney a mug of coffee. It’s not nearly as good as Button Up, but Courtney didn’t want to appear in the coffee shop and get delayed. She is strictly on business at the moment.
As I say goodbye, I realise we’ve not even discussed the forthcoming celebratory meal at Parke’s. We didn’t even set the date. I hope it’s not too far in the future. I don’t want Toby losing interest in the meantime, leaving me to be accompanied by young Liam Donovan. Well, his conjuring tricks should provide entertainment.
It’s time to see Debbie and Len Struthers. I know Mrs Struthers hasn’t paid me a penny, but she is my client. I’m assuming she won’t want me to continue the investigation, in which case this is going to be another pro bono job. Pro bono jobs seem remarkably easy to come by in this line of work.
I can picture Len Struthers sitting at home, swearing at his wife and planning how he can poison her without digesting the poison himself. What a mess!
It’s getting on for 10 o’clock. Perhaps I’d better go down and have a perfect Button Up cappuccino before I leave to see the Struthers. Then I can put hand on heart and assure Debbie Struthers that I’ve just had coffee, and I’m not ready for another. In that way, I don’t have to worry about seeing white crystals floating on the surface, or finding she’s used “sugar” that doesn’t dissolve very quickly.
Abi has already heard from Alice, of course, about last night’s escapade with Toby Walton, and I’m hardly surprised to discover that her interest is in Toby and not in my gathering of evidence and my daring escape.
Fortunately, Button Up is unusually busy, and Abi can only dart across to my table for brief snatches of conversation. I don’t think she knows about Debbie and Len Struthers yet, and that’s definitely something that needs to be confidential. For all I know, Abi might even know them socially, although I guess that’s unlikely.
My coffee finished – I’ve already told Abi I can’t stay – I wave goodbye to the team and go straight round to my parking space to retrieve my Nissan Micra. I look at the dented door and the long scrape. It’s also part of my life, and I almost feel sorry that it’s going to be done away with in a few days.
It occurs to me that I have something in common with the dent and the scrape. Damaged goods. I guess the time is coming when I’ll have to tell Toby about the damage Bruno caused to my womb when I lost my baby boy.
No, it’s much too soon to even think about that. Toby and I don’t really know each other. That sort of information and presumption could frighten him off in an instant. I need to know a lot more about Toby and spend a lot of time with him to know if we are compatible.
I almost turn back as I approach the Struthers’ road, but I really need to know what’s going on. And I hope it’s not just nosiness. I don’t intend to barge in as a counsellor. I’ve had no training for that, nor do I think I possess the necessary natural skills. I just want them to know that I’m keeping an eye on them, and if one of them dies unexpectedly, they can expect me to give evidence to the police about Debbie Struthers’ visit to my office with her concerns.
The curtains are open as I arrive. Although it’s not conclusive evidence, I’m guessing they are both still alive. I must be crazy calling here.
Debbie Struthers comes to the door quickly when I ring the bell. I guess she’s seen my Micra arriving. “Come in, love,” she says breezily. There’s no sign of any awkwardness. Well, not from her. I’m still feeling tense.
“I just thought I’d check up to see how you are. Both are,” I add. “It must have been quite a shock when your husband collapsed.”
Debbie Struthers leads me through the narrow hallway into the front room. There’s no sign of Mr Struthers.
“Len will be down in a moment,” she says. “I’ve already called up that you’re here.”
I bite my lip. “I don’t want him getting out of bed. It’s you I really came to see, Debbie.”
“That’s all right,” Debbie says. “When I called up to let him know you were outside, he said he needs to have a word with you.”
Great!
“I’m sorry I put you to so much trouble,” Debbie says. “I don’t know what got into me. I feel so ashamed having come to see you. But there’s one good thing about it. It’s sort of cleared the air a bit between me and Len.”
Before I can say anything, I hear a creak from the stairs as Len Struthers makes his way down. He seems to be taking his time, as I can hear each stair creaking at long intervals. I’m quite near the door, and if I need to beat a hasty retreat my keys are handy in the pocket of my business jacket.
Eventually Len Struthers comes into the room, holding onto the door handle for support. “I’m glad she’s called,” he says, nodding towards me.
I have no idea why he’s pleased. I hope it’s so he can thank me, unlikely though that is. Time to turn on the charm. “It’s good to see you back home so quickly, Mr Struthers. I was concerned for you at the hospital.”
He grunts. “Well, yes, I guess I was poorly. Thing is, if you’d turned up here a couple of hours ago, you’d have left with a flea in your ear. But since waking up early this morning  I’ve had a chance to think.”
I wait anxiously for an explanation.
“I think Len has come to his senses at last,” Debbie says. “We’ve only had one serious argument all morning.”
I wouldn’t call that exactly promising, but if Debbie thinks it’s an improvement, then I’m glad for her. And for him.
I turn to Debbie Struthers. “So I guess you don’t need me anymore. I’ll be on my way. It’s been good to meet you both.”
It hasn’t, of course, but I’m not going to stir the embers.
“I’ll see you out to your car,” Len says, catching hold of the door handle again and making his way out of the room. He turns to Debbie. “You stay here, love. I’ll be all right.”
I have a nasty feeling that I’m about to be on the receiving end of a shouting match, and I’m ready for a quick retreat. There’s no reason for me to stay and be verbally abused.
“I think you’ve done us a favour, Miss,” Len says. “Things had got completely out of hand. Me being taken to hospital brought us both to our senses.”
I’m not sure what to say. I didn’t come here to do anything more than draw a line under Debbie Struthers’ visit to my office. “So you’re not seeing Sheila any more?” I say, before biting my tongue. That was surely unwise.
“Sheila?” Len says, now holding onto the front door.
“You mentioned her… Sorry, I shouldn’t have said anything.”
Len laughs. “There is no Sheila. I made her up just to wind up the stupid old cow. Same with the poison. I wouldn’t waste the money on her. Don’t worry, we’re okay now.”
I shake my head and go to my car, waving goodbye without any great enthusiasm to Len and Debbie who are now standing together in the doorway.
I get in my car, check the rear view mirror, and pull away, amazed at the complexity of some people’s lives. I have to say I don’t exactly share Len’s enthusiasm for their future.
Maybe I’ll keep the piece of toast Debbie Struthers gave me in my fridge for now. I’m tell Courtney to keep the report I made on record. You never know.
And if Mrs Struthers ever comes calling again, I’m going to recommend marriage guidance. Or perhaps I’ll just tell her I’ve retired.

Chapter 23

It’s Wednesday already. My trip to London has been getting closer by the day. An even more scary thought is that it’s getting closer by the hour. The job is set for tomorrow evening!
I’ve spent the last couple of days going through Piers’ books, hoping the phone will ring, and someone will want me to carry out a much more pressing assignment. And a safer one, too.
That was too much to hope for. So I’ve come to see Piers Pillinger at Parke’s for a final briefing – and presumably to get tested for some basic knowledge on German Expressionist art. I’m no longer sure I want to pass the test.
I can’t really believe that Humphrey Broxburn has forgiven me for taking that sneaky picture in his West London art gallery, after distracting him by “accidentally” kicking his dropped keys across the marble floor.
Surely Piers wouldn’t put me into danger if Humphrey still had anything against me. So maybe with the right equipment, and some help from Humphrey who apparently has a vested interest in me being successful, it will all work without a hitch. And when it does, Piers Pillinger will arrange more work for me. There’s one good thing about these fine art people. They pay well.
“Right,” Piers says, as we sit together on high backed club chairs in Parke’s, with a small table between us, “do you have any idea who the painter is?”
He’s opened a large book of coloured prints, after managing to conceal the title of the book. I suppose if I’m totally unsuited to the job in London, I really ought not to be going. For my own safety as well as Piers’ reputation.
“It’s the Expressionist school. Probably not quite weird enough to be German Expressionist.” I look up at Piers quickly. “I won’t be speaking my thoughts out loud if I go to London,” I say. “I don’t imagine Humphrey or his contact are going to want to hear the word weird in connection with art.”
Piers pauses for a moment. An older waitress in traditional black and white uniform has appeared with a selection of miniature French pastries and two silver jugs: one of coffee and one of hot milk. She calls him Mr Pillinger, almost drops a curtsy, and disappears.
I’m thinking perhaps this place is a bit too posh for Courtney’s celebration do. Perhaps we could go to the local burger bar. No, that’s just a joke, of course.
“Spot on, Janika,” Piers says. “What about this one?”
He’s turned to a page that had a paper marker in it.
“Ah, that really is weird, if you’ll excuse the terminology. Actually, it’s disgusting. I’ve seen that one before. It’s by Chaim Soutine. He was Russian, and emigrated to Paris. So strictly he’s not a German Expressionist painter. Is this part of the test? I know he had a thing about dead animals. Flesh. Meat. Call it what you will. You surely don’t like that painting, do you, Piers?”
The picture is of some sort of animal cut open down the middle showing its insides. I’m not sure I want any of the pastries now, and I was looking forward to having at least three. Well, they are really small so they hardly count as calories. And the stress of thinking about this job is probably burning more calories off me, anyway..
Piers smiles and shakes his head. “You got that right, Janika. Soutine once kept a dead cow in his studio so he could paint it in various stages of decay. A neighbour called the police because of the smell as it decomposed, and blood ran out from under the door. They thought either Soutine had died, or someone had been murdered!”
That’s news to me, but it’s a sort of handy snippet of information that might come in useful in London. Just some little fact to let drop as though I’m a great expert on Chaim Soutine. As if!
Piers passes me the stand with the pastries, and I help myself to the second tarte au citron. Fortunately, he’s closed the book.
We go on chatting for some time while he shows me various pictures and asks questions. I surprise myself, as well as Piers, by just how much knowledge I’ve absorbed in such a short time. Of course, I stumble over a few details, but then I’m not going to get quizzed like this in London. Hopefully not, anyway. It’s just so I can occasionally join in with the conversation without sounding like a total ignoramus. A Philistine.
Can I say Philistine nowadays, or is it racist? I guess it’s not. I don’t think there are any Philistines left to be offended. But just to be safe, I’m not going to use the word to Piers, as it might offend people of an artistic temperament.
“Now don’t forget,” Piers says, “Humphrey Broxburn no longer thinks I’m James B Chesterfield, a private art collector living in New York. That deception came to an end when you did the job for me. I have a feeling Humphrey was suspicious about you all along, but he was never certain. I made sure the James B Chesterfield website had your name and picture on it, using your maiden name.”
“But Humphrey’s client doesn’t know, does he?” I say. I just need to be sure.
“He doesn’t know, and he must never know. He believes there really is a James B Chesterfield, and Humphrey is making sure the client also believes you’re Chesterfield’s assistant. Your name is still on my James B Chesterfield website, in case he wants to check up. Janika Jackson ‒ that’s you now ‒ is mentioned in brief detail with a fake résumé. Your photo is there, and you’re listed as Chesterfield’s personal representative in England.”
“I thought I was Janika Bartol on your website,” I say, frowning.
Piers smiles one of his easy smiles. “Well, you’re Janika Jackson now ,and you’re one hundred percent English. You’ll understand why when you get to London. Oh, and remember to pronounce Janika with a J. That’s very important.”
I’ve no idea why I’m now Janika Jackson, but Piers seems to think it’s important, so that’s good enough for me. I sit with him for the next half-hour, sipping coffee in a suitably delicate manner to suit the ambience of Parke’s, nibbling gracefully at miniature French pastries, being quizzed periodically about names and paintings that might or might not be relevant to the job I’m undertaking.
I’ve really surprised myself by how much information I’ve learned since the time I thought Edvard Munch was German, and Impressionist and Expressionist art were the same thing. How could anyone be so ignorant!
I’m just hoping I don’t get a mental blank or brain freeze in the real world, rather than here in this relaxed atmosphere listening to soft jazz playing soothingly in the background.
At last the interview is over. Piers hands me an envelope containing a first class return train ticket to London, booking confirmation for the small West End hotel I used last time, some advance expenses, and an emergency phone number that might come in handy.
“Whose number is it?” I ask, feeling slightly anxious.
“A friend. In London,” Piers says casually. “Just as well to have it with you.”
I frown. “I thought Humphrey Broxburn is your friend. What’s going on, Piers?”
Piers just smiles and gives a slight shrug. “A few unexpected things may happen, but everything is going to be all right, Janika. Trust me. If Humphrey asks you to do something, don’t question it. Just go along with whatever he wants you to do.”
Suddenly I don’t trust this man at all. What is the job really about? I’ve hardly got the figure for an artist’s model, so it won’t be that. Anyway, the money is good, and I surely can’t come to any great harm in the Big City. After all, I made my way back from Poland on my own, made a life for myself in Brevelstone, managed to get a husband, and now I’m a fully qualified private detective in Craidlea.
“Humphrey will look after you,” Piers says, signalling to the waitress to come with the bill. “He’ll brief you fully about the job, and what you’re expected to do. You’ll be fine, Janika. Absolutely fine.”
“You sound very confident, Piers. Is my fee the same as last time?”
“Get this right, Janika, and it will be considerably higher. And by the way, I’ll be paying you, not Humphrey.”
I wonder if Piers will be acting as a middleman for my fee, and pocket a considerable percentage. But as long as I’m happy with what I get, I don’t mind. After all, Piers got me the job. Humphrey wouldn’t have known about me, without Piers putting in a good word.
Piers stands up. “And now if you’ll excuse me, Janika, I have another appointment to keep. Bon voyage.”

Chapter 24

Before catching the train to London this morning, I dropped my Micra off at the Mill Lane Garage. Rupert was already there, and promised he would be in charge of the work, and it would definitely get his full TLC. 
London seems even busier than it did when I was here for Piers Pillinger. I signal for a cab. My first port of call is the hotel. I took Abi’s advice last time I came here, and bought myself a fancy suitcase. Just think, without that advice, I would probably have arrived with a backpack. I’ve led too simple a life to think of things like that.
I take a taxi from the station and book into the hotel. They’re expecting me, which is a good start. My room is way beyond fine. I have plenty of time for a late lunch somewhere close, a lie down on the luxurious bed, and a stroll around the West End before meeting Humphrey Broxburn at his art gallery just before he closes at six.
I’m feeling anxious. I check and double check that the camera spectacles are in my shoulder bag, along with my small ultraviolet flashlight. I check and double check that it works and the batteries are good. I charged up the spectacles last night, so they should be fully charged. Nevertheless, I decide I’ll give them a boost. Just in case.
Is the little memory card in the slot? Yes, of course it is. How could it possibly have fallen out on the way to London? And if it had, which of course is impossible, I have a spare memory card in a little plastic case. Don’t I? Yes, I do.
I’ve done some tests, and the spectacles will run in video mode for nearly twenty minutes when fully charged. The memory card will last nearly two hours before it’s full, so the critical limitation is the battery. I also have both my digital cameras – the small standard one and the really small model I used here last time – and several other bits and pieces that I surely won’t need.
I also have my spare phone, and it’s fully charged. It’s the one I bought from phone shop guy when I first set up business. It’s always handy to have it in my kit, in case I’m out in the sticks and can’t get a signal on my normal network. I have a few basic apps on there, including a location finder. The phone was state-of-the-art five years ago, but it’s worth very little now.
I’m panicking. I should have brought the books Piers lent me. I could have spent the rest of the afternoon going over them again. No, I must remain calm and professional. Piers is satisfied with my knowledge. I just need to get this right. I gather there’s a lot riding on the success of the job.
As soon as I’m outside the hotel, I slip on my sunglasses with the lenses partially mirrored on the inside, enabling me to see who’s following behind . Okay, I’m Liam Donovan playing spies, but I want to make sure I’m not being followed. The problem is the sheer number of people milling about the pavement, and the majority of them seem to be going my way.
I make a mental note of a few people who could possibly be following me, and stop. Nobody dodges into a shop doorway or bends down to adjust their shoes. Maybe I should cross the road and go back towards the hotel.
Ridiculous though it seems, that’s exactly what I do when I come to the next light controlled crossing. Of course, several people cross with me, and some of them follow me as I go back in the direction of the hotel, but there doesn’t seem to be anyone I recognise.
Then I realise just how stupid I’ve been. The only people who could possibly be following me would be people who know about the job I’m doing for Piers and Humphrey. And if they know that, they would only have to hang around outside Humphrey’s art gallery to see what I’m doing.
Anyway, what use would it be following me, or even seeing me go into the art gallery ‒ unless they wanted to abduct me before I could carry out the work. Piers did say some strange things might happen. I just hope abduction isn’t one of them.
When I came here before, I found a good burger bar. When I was young my mother used to tell me to eat plenty, to build up my strength. Well, she’s not here now, but I ought to eat something. Although I’ve not eaten since breakfast, I’m not feeling hungry. I guess it’s my nerves.
I turn around and go in my original direction. I’m not even bothering to note faces and clothing. If somebody wants to follow me, they’re welcome to do it. I take off the sunglasses and enter a pizza restaurant near the crossing, hoping they serve small pizzas.
All the time I’m eating, Chaim Soutine’s pictures of dead animals fill my mind. I’m not normally vegetarian, but I’m glad I ordered a pizza with a green tick and the letter V beside it on the menu.
It wasn’t only Chaim Soutine who had the obsession with death. Dead or wounded animals seem to have figured frequently in the works of the German Expressionists. I wish I could remember a couple of their names, but already my memory is becoming blank.
This is not looking good for this evening. I’m shaken out of my reverie by my phone ringing. Oh, this is so embarrassing in a crowded restaurant. I should have put it on silent.
I’m wearing a black business outfit, which consists today of a black velour jacket, black slim cut trousers and white heels. I didn’t used to think that white heels would look good with a black suit but I saw an elegantly cool woman in Parke’s rocking the look!
My main phone is safely tucked in my trouser pocket, and it’s difficult to retrieve when sitting down. My spare phone is in my bag, but no one is going to ring me on that. I think it’s only Abi who knows the number.
I quickly stand up, pull out the phone and see its Rupert Forrester’s number. I kill the phone and sit down again. I’ll send him a text. Surely there’s no restriction on sending texts from a restaurant, even though I know it’s bad manners to chat on the phone.
Three minutes later Rupert replies to my text, saying Detective Sergeant Jacobs has called to see him with good news. He’ll tell me what it is if I phone him back. Of course I’ll be phoning him back. Can’t wait. I say I’ll do it in ten minutes.
I wasn’t enjoying my pizza anyway, so I attract the attention of the harassed-looking waiter who served me, and wave my bank card so he knows I want to pay. Even so, he takes his time getting to me with the card reader.
“It’s all okay?” he asks, looking at my half eaten pizza. I press my card to the machine and it’s accepted. “Sorry,” I say, “it’s an excellent pizza, but I’m not really hungry.”
As soon as I’m outside and hear the general noise of traffic and people, I realise I’m going to need to find a quiet spot for my call. There’s a side turning just ahead that seems quiet enough. It’s unlikely someone will try to snatch my phone, but I keep my eyes alert as I return Rupert’s call.
He answers quickly. “The police have found the Jag,” he says. “Thanks to you, Janika. Detective Sergeant Jacobs had a search warrant for Clive Buckingham’s house and barn, and all the other buildings there.”
“So it was in the barn. I wondered that yesterday, but Toby wouldn’t let me go and look. He said it might be dangerous in case we got caught sneaking around. I guess he was right not to try.”
“No, Janika, it wasn’t in the barn. Believe it or not, it was hidden under a tarpaulin in what was once the stables. The stupid man hadn’t considered anyone would come to look around. I don’t think even his wife knew. She was stopping with friends Saturday night, and has denied having any knowledge of it.”
Stupid man indeed. “What did he have to say?”
“Detective Sergeant Jacobs said that initially he pretended to be amazed, wondered who put it there. Then she showed him the shoe she’d found in the downstairs cloakroom, and I gather he sort of collapsed and confessed.”
Well done, Courtney. “Toby guessed it might be an insurance scam. He thought the car might not be insured for track work, just for road use. I know the damage is substantial.”
“Really expensive to fix,” Rupert says. “There’s a small but lucrative market for spares. The engine is fine, and so is most of the transmission. The engine is tuned for competition use, and extremely scarce as a complete unit. There will be Jaguar owners prepared to pay without asking too many questions about where it came from. Collectors will pay a fortune just for a complete dashboard and steering wheel. And the seats were recently re-upholstered in red. Need I go on? He’ll sell it through one of his mates, of course, so nothing gets tied back to him.”
I roll my eyes. “I guess if Clive Buckingham claimed on the insurance for theft, he wouldn’t have to mention the damage. So he’d get the full insured price ‒ and anything extra he can make by selling the bits.”
“It’s an insurance scam, Janika.”
I give a small laugh, which is probably inappropriate in the circumstances. “How did Clive Buckingham get in and disable the alarm? You thought you might get the blame for that.”
Rupert takes a moment before replying. “That’s the reason the police came round. Clive Buckingham said it was Tom, our apprentice.” He’s silent again, perhaps with emotion. “I was really hoping it wasn’t Tom. He’s a good lad, a hard worker, but of course he’s lost his job now. I feel sorry for him. He admitted taking a substantial bribe from Clive Buckingham, but at least I’m off the hook.”
“So why didn’t I find any ink on Tom’s path and doorstep?”
“Tom didn’t go home that night. He told his parents he was staying with a friend. He knew he’d be out so late that they’d ask a lot of questions if he turned up in the early hours of the morning.”
“So no one needed to damage the locks.” I say, stating the obvious. “I imagine they wanted to make it look like a break-in by an outside villain. Clever.”
“Not as clever as you, Janika. That was sheer brilliance noticing the fluorescent ink on my trainers.”
“Is there a reward?” I ask, but I’m only joking. Well, half joking.
“Might be. Why don’t you contact the insurance company? You’ve saved them a fortune.”
I’m not sure if it works like that, but it might be worth a try. And I might even get commissions to investigate other claims. Come to think of it, Toby Walton is an insurance assessor. We could work together!
All I say to Rupert is that I’m glad the job has been sorted so quickly, and I hope the Mill Lane Garage finds a new apprentice, so he doesn’t have to work overtime. I imagine Alice is hoping the same thing.
I glance up and down the road. No suspicious characters hanging about. “Must go, Rupert. I’m glad I could help.”
“Where are you, Janika? It sounds ever so busy where you are.”
“London,” I say. “I’m here for work.”
“That’s cool. By the way, you’ll be glad to know the passenger door fits perfectly. It will be all done by tomorrow. I’ve already given the Micra a full-service and tune-up.”
“Thanks, Rupert. I know it needed a little TLC.”
I end the call before he can question me further. I imagine he’ll tell Alice I’m in London, and Alice will probably – almost certainly – tell Abi. But the job will be over and I’ll be safely home before that happens.
Hopefully.

Chapter 25

It’s 5:45 as I leave the hotel to make my way to Humphrey Broxburn’s small art gallery. Well, the frontage is small, although it goes back quite a long way. The arrangement is that I call to see him just before closing time.
As I approach the gallery, I’m feeling nervous. I remember coming here to investigate a pastel of two birds, with a card mount around it. Apparently, there might or might not be two small holes on the right-hand side, hidden behind the mount. As far as Piers was concerned, no holes would be good news, two small holes would be bad.
I also gathered that the opposite would be true for Humphrey Broxburn who, according to Piers, had a possible customer for the picture. There were two small holes, proving the picture was stolen property. So I can’t think I’m flavour of the month with Humphrey. But since he’s asked for my services he must have been impressed by my ability to pull the card mount away and photograph the pair of holes that were there, without him even realising what I’d done.
I’ve walked rather quickly and I’m five minutes early. My instructions are strict and specific, so I wait around on the other side of the road. I can see Humphrey inside the gallery, looking ready to close up. He’s wearing bright yellow chinos today, and a red polo neck. Very smart. Very arty.
Suddenly a man appears from the back of the gallery, speaking to Humphrey who waves his arms expressively. If only I could make out what the expression conveys. But it seems a friendly encounter. This is confusing. Piers didn’t mention a second man. Well, he mentioned there might be a few surprises.
I decide to wait across the road to see what happens. The man might be a customer, and leaving soon if Humphrey has told him he’s about to lock up. But the man doesn’t seem to be showing any signs of going.
The second man also looks arty, if there is such a style. He has tight black jeans and a tight black polo neck top. The mysterious Man in Black. That was Valentine Dyall, an English actor from the old days. I’ve seen him in a movie of that name on the TCM film channel, along with other old black-and-white movies from the 1940s and 50s.
Vengeance is Mine is another Valentine Dyall film I’ve seen. I don’t normally spend my time watching movies in the afternoon, but it’s fun occasionally. And of course there’s always the possibility I’ll pick up a few tips to help with my work.
Mostly, I seem to pick up scary possibilities, which definitely don’t help. Like now, when I’m standing on the other side of the road to Humphrey Broxburn’s art gallery.
It’s almost six, and Humphrey and the Man in Black are still chatting. Then Humphrey goes to one side and the main lights go out in the gallery. He comes to the door, peering out anxiously. I guess he’s looking for me.
Time to cross the road.
Humphrey has seen me coming. He smiles and nods, and opens the door for me to enter. “Welcome, Janika, welcome. I’m glad you could make it. Now, let me introduce you to a client of mine.”
He turns to the Man in Black. “This is my client.” And he turns to me. “This is Janika Jackson, the assistant to James B Chesterfield. She spends most of her time here in England.”
I look at the man and smile, wondering why he hasn’t been introduced by name. I guess I’m not meant to know it, but it would have seemed more friendly if Humphrey had at least invented a name.
“Pleased to meet you,” the man says, bowing slightly. “I have been reading about you on the website of the New York art dealer, James B Chesterfield. You come highly commended.”
His accent sounds Polish or perhaps Czech, but I’m not going to ask him where he’s from. He certainly wasn’t brought up here in England, and I’m wondering if I have a slight Polish accent. Probably not, because I spent my first fifteen years in England.
I can see now why Piers changed my name from Bartol to Jackson on his James B Chesterfield website. Clearly this man mustn’t know I’m Polish. So how am I going to cover up my name Janika?
“Janika?” he says frowning. “Humphrey said it with a J? Surely it should be said with a Y sound. Yanika.”
Is the game up already? I have to think quickly. “I’m English. When I was born, I think Janika was quite a popular name here in England. It was on some television soap opera. Janika is just a name my mother liked. The English say it with a J, Janika. I think some European people say the name with a Y. Anyway, I‘ve always been Janika. No one‘s ever asked me if it‘s a foreign name.“
My explanation seems to be accepted without comment, and from his accent I doubt he was here in England when I was young, so he will have no idea if the name Janika was really on a soap opera. Anyway, I can’t think the man’s country of origin is significant. People can appreciate and collect art, no matter where they live. To trade with Humphrey, I guess the only requirement is that they are wealthy.
“Janika has come to give me some advice this evening,” Humphrey says, breaking a rather long silence. “Privately, of course. I think you’ll appreciate that she is here solely for me, so please don’t ask her for any opinion. Well, if you’re both ready, we can go.”
I’m relieved to hear Humphrey say I’m not to be asked for my opinion. That makes me feel much easier already. I’ve brought a small handbag, but my video spectacles and the small UV flashlight are in the pockets of my jacket. I didn’t want to risk my bag being snatched, or there would have been no point in seeing Humphrey.
The Man in Black makes a brief phone call, speaking in perfect Polish, telling someone that we’re ready to be picked up. He turns to Humphrey. “The driver will be here in two minutes. I suggest we wait outside. There is no parking allowed at this time of the evening. We will need to get in quickly.”
I guess he’s Polish, although his English is excellent. I’m not going to test it out by speaking to him in Polish. That would be foolish. I don’t want the man quizzing me about my Polish background. The less he knows about me the better, as far as I’m concerned.
Humphrey sets the alarm, leaving enough lights on for security in the art gallery. Then we go out onto the pavement, with Humphrey locking three separate locks on the door. The man shares my obsession with precautions against intruders.
The Man in Black is looking up the road, and he catches hold of my arm and pulls me to the edge of the pavement as a black Mercedes van pulls in, all four of its indicator flashers going.
The driver, a large man with a neatly trimmed beard hurries round to open a large sliding door in the side. So this isn’t a van, it’s what’s called a people carrier.
“I want your phones, please,” he growls.
“Do as the driver says,” the Man in Black tells us in a tone that expects instant obedience.
Humphrey has already handed his over, and I’m not sure whether to do as I’m told. Then I remember the spare phone in my bag. 
I leave it there, and pull my main phone from my pocket. The driver takes it and switches it off. I imagine he’s already done the same with Humphrey’s phone. My spare phone is out of sight, and will stay silent because it’s switched off.
“How long is the journey?” I ask anxiously.
“In this traffic, perhaps thirty minutes.” The driver also has an East European accent, a much stronger one than the Man in Black.
How far can we get in thirty minutes in London traffic at 6 o’clock in the evening? Certainly not way out into the countryside where my screams couldn’t be heard.
Humphrey is already in the spacious back seat. The man pushes me in roughly in his haste, and then he climbs in after me.
As I do up my seat belt I notice that the windows are completely blacked out with some sort of plastic film. And there’s a solid screen between us and the driver. This is not looking good.
It occurs to me that although I might not make much of an artist’s model, there are other dubious forms of art in which I might be unwillingly employed, as well as other uses to which a female body can be put.
“I don’t like this,” I say, shaking my head. “I want to be able to see where we’re going.”
Humphrey taps me on the leg. “I’m sorry, Janika, I should have told you. The gentleman says the location is secret. Please sit quietly.”
I shake my head. “No way, Humphrey. I want to see out.”
The man reaches forward and slides a small panel back in the screen in front of us and asks the driver to stop at the earliest opportunity. “I’m sorry,” he says, “but it is essential you do not know our destination. If you do not want to stay in the vehicle you must get out now.”
I can get out? Willingly? That makes a difference. Sort of. “Okay,” I say, trying to sound cheerful, “that’s all right. I’ll stay.”

Chapter 26

We continue to drive without any indication of where we’re going, the interior lit by a small overhead light. For all I know the Man in Black and Humphrey could be giving each other imaginary high fives as they realise how easily I’ve fallen for the trap. On the other hand, it could all be genuine. Well, I’m sure I’ll know very soon.
I’ve got the contact details that Piers gave me to use in an emergency, but that’s not much use now. Even if I could get my spare phone out without arousing suspicion, I don’t think I’d be allowed to use it.
I’m not even sure if the number was to be used with Humphrey’s knowledge or not. Did Piers give it to me in case Humphrey was causing me a serious problem? Whatever, there’s nothing I can do about it at the moment. And soon it may be too late, anyway. 
I’m thinking of young Liam Donovan and the Sherlock Holmes key ring he gave me when we first met, when he was initially under the impression I had actually met the famous fictional detective. It was my fault for telling him I knew Sherlock Holmes, when I meant I was familiar with the stories.
We make what feels like a sharp left-hand turn. What would Sherlock Holmes be doing now? I guess he’d be counting the turns left and right, how sharp they were, the distance between the turnings, and the various road surfaces under the wheels.
That might have been all right in a horse-drawn carriage with wheels with iron rims, but in this Mercedes people carrier every road surface sounds the same, although I suppose I might be able to tell if we were driving over rough cobbles or some other unusual surface.
Even Sherlock Holmes would be stumped, and I certainly am. I wish I’d left a note in the hotel room saying where I was going, telling the manager to phone the police with the name of Broxburn’s art gallery if I didn’t appear in time to book out in the morning. I’d also mention Piers Pillinger. He’s got me into this, and for all I know he and Humphrey are equally involved.
Of course, Piers might be completely innocent. Humphrey might be seeking revenge for the trick I played on him, and only pretended to forgive me, so he could persuade Piers to send me back. I’ve learned a bit of self defence, but the driver doesn’t look as though he’d be a pushover.
When I first saw Liam, and he was told I was a private detective, he asked if I had a gun. I laughed and said private detectives aren’t allowed to carry guns, and don’t need them in England. Well, one might come in handy any moment now.
We ride in silence. I won’t reach into my bag and switch my spare phone on yet. It plays a little jingle  when it’s up and running. Which isn’t exactly a clever feature now I come to think of it.
It feels as though the journey has already taken more than thirty minutes, but it’s probably less than ten. All I can do is enjoy the luxury of the ride in the back seat between two men I’m not sure I can trust. Is this why Piers was so keen that I shouldn’t tell Abi or anyone what I was doing?
Abi will be the one who reports me missing. She’ll wonder where I am when I don’t turn up for coffee tomorrow afternoon. I’m glad I told Rupert I’m away overnight. He also knows now that I’m in London. He can pass the message on to her if she asks if he’s seen me. And when I don’t turn up for coffee the next day, alarm bells will, hopefully, ring.
When a search is made for me, I doubt anyone at the railway station back home will remember seeing me. Piers had already bought the ticket, so I wouldn’t have been caught on camera buying it. And even if I was spotted on one of the platform cameras boarding the train, no one would known my final destination, as I had to change trains to the main London line further on.
I’ve got to stop thinking about this, and concentrate on what’s happening now. We’ve made so many turnings that I have no idea if we’ve gone north south east or west. Or maybe we’ve just been driving around backwards and forwards in circles, and we’re going to end up close to where we started. Humphrey and the Man in Black haven’t said a word since shortly after we set off.
Eventually we stop. I can’t hear any traffic outside, and this feels different than the stops we’ve been making all the time for traffic lights and crossings. We might have pulled into what could be a narrow street, because we’re going very slowly.
Now we’ve stopped, and I can hear the driver getting out. As soon as I’m out of the vehicle, do I run? Do I scream? Do I kick out? Or do I go along with whatever it is they want me to do?
It’s make-my-mind-up time, because the sliding door has opened and the Man in Black is getting out. He tells us to get out too.
I blink in the light. It’s sunny, and it’s difficult to believe I’ve effectively been kidnapped in broad daylight. We are in a small cobbled mews. I hadn’t even realised we were driving over cobbles. So much for my Sherlock Holmes’ instinct. The area looks smart, and what were once stables for the horses of the gentry have been turned into houses for the gentry.
Humphrey is smiling. It’s not an evil smile. Perhaps I’ve been worrying unnecessarily, but I’m still going to keep my wits about me. I’m good at kicking men when it comes to trouble. I recently gave Bruno Kamiński a hard kick in the place that’s guaranteed to cause a man maximum pain. Whether I can take the three men on is a different matter, but I’ll go down fighting – and at least one of them will go down screaming.
“Follow please,” the Man in Black says.
We follow him through a tall gate into the back yard of a large town house. Access to the house is through the mews road, but my destination is much posher than a converted stable and living quarters. Humphrey takes up the rear. I glance back, and I’m relieved to see the macho driver has returned to the Mercedes. If things turn bad, these two men will be easier to take on in a fight.
“Before we go in, Janika, I want you to know that I’m not entirely comfortable with the situation.”
Same here, Humphrey, but I don’t say it. “Why?”
“Mr Turek ‒ that’s his name but he doesn’t want it mentioned ‒ is completely unknown to me. He turned up a month ago, asking about German Expressionist art. He’d seen my catalogue online, and said he was interested in German Expressionism, and especially interested in the only German Expressionist oil painting I had. The period is not a speciality of mine, but it’s a picture I picked up some time ago.”
“Was it valuable?” I can’t imagine Humphrey selling something that didn’t cost a fortune.
“Unfortunately it was unattributed, and I was selling it as a picture in the German Expressionist style from the early 1900s, judging by the age of the canvas and paint. I just put it in as a novelty, at quite a bargain price.” He laughs. “A bargain price for work from my gallery.”
Mr Turek is going ahead, and doesn’t seem to have noticed we are no longer with him.
“Go on,” I say, intrigued to know where this is going.
Mr Turek turns. “Please wait here, while I go in and prepare the way for you. I will only be a couple of minutes.”
This is my opportunity to turn on my spare phone. I reach into my bag and hold down the On switch for several seconds. Almost immediately the jingle plays, but Humphrey doesn’t notice. I can’t think it matters if he does. Right now, I have to assume he’s on my side.
“You need to tell me exactly why we’re here,” I say, glad of the chance to have a short question and answer session without Mr Turek listening.
“Mr Turek told me he is interested in purchasing my painting, but he especially wants me to see a picture he and a colleague have recently acquired that he feels may be valuable, if he can only get it attributed to a known artist. He says it was exhibited in Berlin in 1931, and it has a label on the back of the frame to prove it, but unfortunately not the name of the painter.”
“I still don’t see why I need to be here, Humphrey.”
“Mr Turek and his partner wish to sell it, but not through me. He and his partner have set up a company to sell works to people who are not art connoisseurs, but are looking to purchase fine art to display in their houses. To put it bluntly, I believe these two men are crooks.”
“I still don’t understand why I’m here,” I repeat, anxious to hear the answer before the Man in Black – alias Mr Turek ‒ comes back and ushers us inside the house. I’m starting to feel just a little bit safer now. It seems that there’s a picture on sale, not me.
“I’ve done some research on Mr Turek, and he and a colleague first appeared in the art world three years ago. He says he is by no means an expert, but we’re meeting his partner who is from a German university where he is allegedly a research expert on all forms of Expressionist art. Somehow I doubt his credentials, but we will see.”
“Humphrey,” I say quickly, “until Piers Pillinger lent me some books I knew nothing about Expressionist art, German or otherwise. I’ve not come here as an expert. If Piers has misled you, we might as well go now.”
“Mr Turek will be back in a minute,” Humphrey says anxiously. “No, I understand the situation exactly. Please don’t venture any sort of opinion. I merely want you to use your ultraviolet light to photograph the exhibition label on the back of the painting Mr Turek is going to show us. If it fluoresces, it won’t be a genuine label. I’ve done my research on this. Optical brighteners weren’t put into paper until the mid 1940s.”
“Look,” I say. “I’ve got my small UV flashlight in my pocket. Why don’t you do it yourself? Take it, and leave me out of it.”
“Janika, I need photographic evidence if Piers Pillinger and I are to expose Mr Turek and his colleague as a danger to the art market.”
Piers Pillinger has misled me. If I’d known I was going to be driven in a blacked out Mercedes SUV and taken to an unknown house somewhere in London, I would definitely have reconsidered his offer of work.
I pull my phone from my bag. The screen is glowing, so it’s ready to go. Humphrey spots the glow. I quickly open the app I need. Yes, it’s doing exactly what I want. I press Save and quickly return the phone to my bag and switch it off. Pure genius, girl.
Humphrey breaks into my thinking. “You do have your secret camera handy, don’t you? I hope you are not intending to use that phone. I’m assuming this is a spare one you hid from Mr Turek.”
I pull my camera spectacles from my pocket and put them on. “The camera is built in here,” I explain. “I won’t be waving my phone or a big camera about, so don’t worry. But whatever you do, don’t mention this phone. Yes, it’s a spare. It could be our lifeline if things go wrong.”
“My only fear is that they spot you taking photographs with the ultraviolet light,” Humphrey says. “There are going to be two men in there, keeping a close eye on us one hundred percent of the time. Janika, if you get caught, you will be putting both of us in danger.”
So I do have to worry after all, but not about being sold or otherwise abducted. I’m not sure if that’s a comforting thought or not.
“You can come in now,” Mr Turek says, emerging from a door at ground level. “Please follow me, and don’t go wandering off. The picture you need to see is on the next floor up.”
That all sounds pretty direct, which makes me wonder what we might see if we did wander off. However, that clearly isn’t an option. Well, not for now.
Mr Turek leads us up a flight of stairs into a large sitting room at the front of the house. I think it’s called a drawing room, judging by the antique furniture. I expect Piers Pillinger would feel at home here, but it’s strange territory to me.
Unfortunately the curtains are closed, even though its daylight outside. That’s a shame, because I can get no clue as to the road outside. The narrow mews road where we got out of the Mercedes are two a penny in the suburbs of London, particularly in the west side. If the curtains were open I might catch sight of a bus and be able to note its destination and number.
An elderly man with white hair and a white beard gets slowly to his feet as we enter the room. He bows.
“This is Anton, my partner,” Mr Turek says to us. “The picture we want you to see is here.”

Chapter 27

Anton is an Eastern European name, but the man seems strangely reluctant to speak. He is however making good use of his eyes, looking at me closely. I’ve not seen him before. He’s probably recognising my face from the fake New York website. Clever Piers Pillinger.
Mr Turek points to a surprisingly small oil painting on an easel in the centre of the room. “What do you think, Humphrey?” he asks.
Humphrey motions to me to go forward with him. It’s a picture of a stag, likely in its death throws, lying in the snow with its head twisted at a strange angle, its eyes wide. Well, the one eye that’s visible is wide open. If it’s a fake, the painter certainly knew what turned German Expressionist painters on.
I’m wearing the camera spectacles, but I haven’t switched on the video yet. I didn’t expect to see the picture so soon. I need a diversion, and a bit of noise to disguise the click as I activate the video camera. My UV flashlight is handy in the side pocket of my black velour jacket, so it’s just the video that needs to be sorted quickly. Very quickly.
I let Humphrey go ahead, and as he bends to look closely at the picture on the easel between two carefully placed light stands, I reach for the side arm of the spectacles and cough, hopefully disguising the click.
Neither Mr Turek nor Anton take any notice. They seem to be far more concerned with Humphrey who is now examining the picture in detail with a powerful magnifying glass.
He’s certainly giving the painting a good examination, grunting to himself occasionally, before beckoning me over.
Together we study it, with Humphrey pointing out various features to me. All it seems I’m required to do is to say yes, no, and perhaps, from time to time.
I quickly realise that Humphrey is going to be examining the painting for a long time. I’m concerned that the battery will run out in the spectacles, so I take a chance and switch the video off under the guise of adjusting their position on my face.
There’s no comment from behind, so I guess I’ve got away with it.
“Don’t you think it’s magnificent?” Mr Turek says when we eventually stand back. We must have been at least twenty minutes crouching over the picture. “We sincerely hope you will be able to identify the painter beyond doubt as Franz Marc.”
Humphrey nods noncommittally, and says, “I gather there’s an exhibition label on the back. Come here, Janika. You can tell me what you think?”
What I think is that there is going to be no possibility of shining my UV flashlight with the two men watching. I can’t even think how to escape from the house if I get caught. So all I can do is join Humphrey as he points to the back of the frame. There is indeed a faded brown paper sticker with the name of a Berlin art gallery dated 1931.
Sterbender Hirsch the label says, but there’s no mention of the painter. The German language comes from the Indo-European language family, and Polish is Slavic, but I know enough German to guess from the picture that it says Dying Stag, or something very similar. The subject matter is the clue.
I hadn’t expected the label to be on brown paper. Some modern brown paper doesn’t fluoresce, although there might be a few specks of fluorescing material in it. But clearly I’m not looking for tiny specks.
If Mr Turek and Anton, assuming they’re working some sort of scam together, have any sense, they will have made sure they obtained brown paper from a specialist mill that doesn’t add optical brighteners.
If the label has been made on an inkjet printer, does the black ink fluoresce? Do coloured inkjet inks fluoresce? I’ve no idea. That certainly didn’t come up in my training.
This is not looking promising.
I might be able to just flick the beam from my ultraviolet flashlight across the label without being noticed, but the painting is much smaller than I expected and the label is right on the top edge of the frame. If either Anton or Mr Turek catch a glimpse of the blue beam from my flashlight, Humphrey and I could be in serious trouble.
“You’ve got to divert them,” I whisper to Humphrey, as we both lean forward together to examine the label. “I haven’t switched the video on yet.”
Humphrey nods. “This is more tricky than I expected,” he whispers back to me. “I’ll see what I can do. Just don’t get caught.”
I’m ahead of him there. I have absolutely no intention of getting caught.
Someone calls up from the bottom of the stairs leading down to the back entrance. “Chodź na górę,” Mr Turek calls down.
It‘s Polish for “Come up.” I was right when I detected the accent. I think Mr Turek believed me when I said I’m English. This might come in handy if they don’t know I can understand Polish.
The driver enters the room and Mr Turek motions him to a chair behind the painting, with a perfect view of the label. Things are getting more and more difficult, but at least I’ve managed to switch the video on again in the spectacles while Mr Turek and the driver were talking.
Mr Turek comes across to us. “Jesteś zadowolony?”
It’s a trick, and I don’t fall for it, careful not to answer the question in Polish.
Humphrey looks up and says, “Sorry?”
“My mistake,” Mr Turek says. “I was asking if you’ve finished looking. There’s no hurry, I want you to be happy about the picture. Never mind about that label. I think we can take the authenticity of that for granted. It’s just a question of the painter.”
If only they would move away and get into a sort of huddle. Even so, the blue light from my flashlight is bright enough to notice, although the fluorescent blue from optical brighteners is much brighter. Fortunately, no one has been taking any interest in my glasses. I’m not surprised. They look like standard half reading glasses with quite thick lenses.
“Humphrey,” I say, sounding alarmed, “you don’t look well. You ought to sit down.”
“I’m....” Humphrey catches hold of the easel to steady himself, making it rock. I grab the top of the frame before the painting can come to any harm. Clever man. “I hope it’s not your heart, Humphrey,” I say loudly enough for everyone in the room to hear. “Do you have your tablets with you?”
“If one of you could just take me to the bathroom, I’ll be all right,” Humphrey says with a shaky voice. He looks up at me and winks. Well, that’s a relief.
Anton looks concerned as he comes forward and takes hold of Humphrey’s arm and starts to lead him out of the room. Mr Turek and the driver remain, and they are both staring at me, but I don’t think they’ve realised why I’m here.
I can hear Humphrey saying something out in the hallway. Then there’s a sudden clatter, and the shout of alarm as I hear the sound of breaking pottery.
Fortunately, I already have my hand on the little flashlight in the side pocket of my jacket. Anton and the driver hurry from the room, I can hear a gasp of alarm, and Humphrey screaming.
I’m assuming it’s all part of the act, and he’s not being mugged. I’m round the back of the frame like lightning, shining the ultraviolet light onto the label. There are a few bright blue flecks here and there which are obviously dust, but no sign of any fluorescence from the actual label.
The painting has been sealed in the frame with brown paper tape, and there are too many blue fluorescent specs there to be accounted for by dust. There are definitely traces of optical brighteners in the tape. Hopefully, that will satisfy Humphrey. As long as the spectacles are working correctly, I’ve got it all on video.
I can hear raised voices coming from the hallway, and Humphrey apologising profusely for something. I guess he’s responsible for the broken pottery. I’ve no idea if it’s accidental or deliberate, but it’s certainly helped me to get the job done.
But as I turn away, my ultraviolet flashlight still on, I stop in surprise. The edge of the label gives a very thin blue, bright fluorescent line. My spectacles don’t focus the camera lens, and I know if I bend in closely, the line will become slightly blurred. But it’s a video, and I can grab any stills from it that I like. So the closer the better, until the resulting lack of focus makes the image useless.
“Co robisz?” I hear Mr Turek say. I didn’t hear him coming into the room.
I instantly switch the flashlight off. Hopefully, because I was bending down with my flashlight level with the label, he won’t have seen the blue light.
He’s asking what I’m doing, in Polish. I look up at him, frowning. “I’m sorry. What did you say?”
Mr Turek repeats the question, still in Polish.
“Sorry, I still don’t understand what you’re saying.” I hope I’ve passed the test.
Mr Turek says, “I’m sorry if I startled you. Forgive me for speaking in my native Polish. I was asking what you’re doing. Unfortunately, Humphrey Broxburn has tripped in the hallway. It seems there is a loose rug, leading to an unfortunate accident with a Chinese vase. However, in the circumstances I think Anton is more concerned for Humphrey than for the vase. It was just a copy.”
Rather like this exhibition label, I’m tempted to say, but of course I remain silent. “I need to see him,” I tell Mr Turek, genuine concern in my voice.
“I think he will be all right,” Mr Turek says. “The housekeeper has a first aid kit, and she is seeing to him as we speak.”
“Perhaps we should call an ambulance,” I suggest, and wait to see Mr Turek’s response. He certainly looks panicky now.
“I’m ... I’m not really sure,” Mr Turek says.
Of course he doesn’t want an ambulance. That would give our location away. Well, I’ve got the location on my spare phone, and I don’t want to put the man in a position to do anything desperate. I doubt he’ll lock us up and throw away the key, but I want to appear reasonable.
I’m sure, well fairly sure, that Humphrey was putting on an act, but maybe not if he managed to collapse in the hallway. If it was an act, he is unlikely to have deliberately cut himself on the broken piece of Chinese vase.
I shrug. “You say he tripped on a loose rug. He didn’t actually collapse. I think you should let him take whatever tablets he has, and bring him back in here to sit down. We can keep an eye on him until we are ready to go.”
Mr Turek nods enthusiastically, and he calls out in Polish to Anton and the driver to get Humphrey a glass of water and bring him in here. I have to pretend I have no idea what he’s saying. If I’m not careful, I’ll find myself saying something back in Polish.
Humphrey comes in, with Anton and the driver holding onto each arm. They lead him to a chair. His left hand is bandaged, but there’s no sign of blood seeping through and marking his bright yellow chinos. He looks at me and nods, with a questioning look in his eye. I return the nod, hoping he’ll get the point.
He smiles, so I guess he understands. “Are we ready to leave yet?” he asks.
I have two options. The safe one is to leave now while we still can, or I can exercise the second option which has the potential for disaster. I’m going for the second. I need to allay any suspicions these men may have about my reason for being here.
“I’ve been admiring the bold brushwork and choice of pigment in the blue sky,” I say, pointing vaguely to the painting. I need to pluck a German-sounding name out of the air, but not one I saw in any of the Pier’s Pillinger’s books. “It reminds me of the technique of that esoteric German Expressionist, Karl Silbermann.”
The room goes stony silent. I hold my breath.
“Who is‒‒‒‒” Humphrey starts to say, but I cut him off quickly.
“Let me have my say,” I tell him, holding up a finger in warning. I’m not the only one who can pretend, and I hope Humphrey catches on to me as quickly as I did to his fainting attack.

Chapter 28

I point closely to the area of blue sky showing between the trees above the unfortunate stag. “This is what I mean. The painter has made it look as though the sky is shedding tears over the dying stag.” I shake my head. “Chaim Soutine came to mind initially, because of the obvious signs of fear in the stag’s eye of approaching death, but I think we can rule him out in this instance.”
Both Mr Turek and Anton come for a close look. They turn to each other. There’s a long silence.
Then Mr Turek tells Anton in Polish that he has no idea what I’m talking about, but should they agree with me?
Anton says, “Tak,” which is yes.
I turn to Humphrey and he’s looking extremely anxious. “Humphrey, this is not the work of Franz Marc, even though he specialised in animals in the snow. The texture of the snow is wrong. I now doubt the painter is Karl Silbermann,” I say, pointing vaguely to the easel. “Even though the stag’s eye has an intensity of feeling, I don’t think it has the stark realism that you see in the eyes of animals in Silbermann’s other work. What do you think?”
 “I really think we should be going,” Humphrey says. “I would like to get home and rest. I have all my medication that I need there. But Silbermann? I agree with you, Janika. Only parts of this are typical of his work.”
“More likely one of his students,” I say, trying to sound and look knowledgeable. “That, of course, explains why it is unattributed.” I turn to Mr Turek and Anton who are staring at me, open-mouthed.
Time for another test. “I doubt anyone can say for certain who the painter is. My advice is that you let Mr Broxburn take it to one of the specialist forensic art firms he uses for a full examination. What do you think?”
Both Mr Turek and Anton shake their heads.” I think we’ll leave it for now,” Mr Turek says.
Humphrey says, “I can categorically state the painter is not Karl Silbermann, or even one of his students. If you don’t mind, Mr Turek, please ask your driver to take us back now.”
I guess Humphrey is afraid I’m going to push my luck even further. Suddenly aware of the enormity of what I’ve been saying, I agree quickly that we need to get back ‒ and not just for the sake of Humphrey’s health, because I realise that Humphrey has just called Mr Turek by his name. If it was supposed to be a closely guarded secret, the sooner we get out of here the better, before Mr Turek also twigs what’s happened.
Mr Turek says the driver will take us back, and he will come with us to make sure there are no problems on the way. And then he has to return here with Anton for the rest of the evening. They have business to discuss.
Mr Turek turns to the driver, and instructs him in Polish to take us back to Humphrey Broxburn’s gallery. I’m glad I can speak Polish, because unless there’s some coded message in the words, that’s all he’s asked the driver to do.
Again, we have to travel in the back of the SUV. Mr Turek sits with us. He obviously thinks we have no idea where the house is. But unless I’ve done something silly with my spare phone, Humphrey will be able to track it down to a three metre square. Hooray for technology!
After half an hour the people carrier stops and I can hear the driver getting out. He opens the sliding door, and I can see we’re outside Humphrey’s art gallery.
The driver gives us our phones back. They are, of course, switched off so that any location or tracking information would not have been recorded.
“What was all that about the Mercedes with no windows?” I ask Humphrey, as the vehicle with Mr Turek in it drives away.
“An unfortunate necessity, apparently, Janika. Mr Turek doesn’t want us to know the location of Anton’s house. That is indeed unfortunate. Piers Pillinger and I need to know where it is. Did you pick up any clues, Janika?”
I get out my spare phone. “Better than that, Humphrey. I can locate it exactly. Do you know the app called what3words?”
Humphrey shakes his head. “I hope you’re going to give me good news.”
I’m staring at my phone screen. “Very good news, Humphrey. Look at this map.” I expand the map on the screen to zoom in on the indicated area. “The house is in St John’s Wood.”
“But that’s quite close,” Humphrey says in surprise. “We must have been driving around in order to confuse us. But how can you be so sure about the location?”
“The app has divided the whole globe up into areas which are three metres square. Even the oceans. Every area has been given three words. It’s useful for mountain or sea rescue, and whenever anyone is lost. Or even if you want to find where you parked the car ‒ assuming when you parked the car you entered the three words. I saved our location when no one was looking, and bingo, here it is.”
“And it’s definitely accurate?”
“Absolutely. That’s the name of the road, and that little grey square represents the back yard of the house. I’ll give you the details of the app, and the three words, and you or anyone can navigate to the exact point where I saved the location.”
“I think perhaps the best person to have the details is Piers. He’s much more up on modern technology than I am. Be sure to give it to him at the earliest opportunity.”
“I’ll email it all to him tonight. I’m going back to my hotel now, if that’s all right.”
Humphrey shakes his head. “Come to my apartment and you can tell me all you’ve discovered. Is the label old or new?”
I pull the glasses from the pocket of my jacket. I realise I forgot to switch the video off before we left, but I know the memory card won’t have been overwritten.
 “I don’t live far away,” Humphrey says. “Please come with me to my apartment. We can get a cab.”
“What about your heart problem?”
He laughs and shakes his head. “Never felt better in my life, young lady. I suppose you know there’s no such German Expressionist painter as Karl Silbermann.”
I bite my bottom lip. “I hope I did the right thing, Humphrey. I took a calculated risk. It was a test, and it’s clear those two men know even less than I do about German Expressionist painters. What are they, art forgers?”
“Opportunists,” Humphrey says, as he shepherds me into the cab. “Find any old picture, hint at a known painter, and pass it on to some self-important person who fancies having something they can boast about. If someone wants to possess some artwork badly enough they will readily convince themselves of its authenticity. Of course, it helps if it’s in an old frame bearing an exhibition label.”
“So you’re going to blow the whistle on them?”
“Let’s see what you’ve got on those clever spectacles of yours before Piers and I decide to do anything.”

Chapter 29
(Last Chapter)

My kit with the connecting lead to display the video on my phone is back at the hotel. I explain this to Humphrey, and he seems really excited at the prospect of checking my video in his apartment. In fact, he seems so excited that I’m concerned he may really suffer a heart attack.
I’m not sure if I really want to go alone to Humphrey’s apartment when I’ve collected my equipment from the hotel. I’ve no intention of inviting him into my room, either, but I guess we can meet in the corner of one of the lounges downstairs without causing too many raised eyebrows.
Humphrey accepts the offer, and twenty minutes later I’ve transferred the video to my phone, and Humphrey is staring anxiously at the screen.
I switched the spectacles on quite early, but I’m not sure how to advance the video without spoiling things, so we have to sit patiently. The camera also records sound, and I know we’re getting close because I can hear shouting. It’s Humphrey falling in the hallway. Then the back of the picture frame comes into view.
Humphrey’s sudden cries of pain are really authentic, and judging by the bandage on his right hand, they probably were.
My blue light sweeps over the back of the frame without showing any fluorescence, apart from the frequent blue specks in the brown paper tape. The label only has a couple of fluorescent specks which are probably just dust particles. The video is surprisingly clear and in focus.
“Look at the paper tape,” I say, trying to hide my excitement. “The number of specks in there show the tape has been made partly from recycled paper. That’s the only way to explain it. So I guess that proves the tape is relatively modern, and the painting isn’t genuine.”
Humphrey shakes his head. “Unfortunately, Janika, that proves nothing. A painting is often removed from the frame for cleaning. So there can be no significance in the age of the paper tape used to seal the back.” Humphrey sounds disappointed. He must want to bring in a damning verdict on Mr Turek and Anton.
“Hold on a moment,” I say. “The exhibition label is free of fluorescence, but look there, at the cut edge. It’s shining as a thin blue line. The brown label might be old, but it could have been laid on top of a piece of modern paper. Or perhaps the label has been printed on some modern handmade paper before being stuck down on top of white paper.”
The video becomes rather shaky because I was moving my head in close to get the maximum magnification, Humphrey asks me to pause the video.
“It’s not paper,” Humphrey says. “It’s the adhesive they’ve used. I think I understand what’s going on here. Yes, the label is genuine. We believe someone found some blank exhibition labels when they were clearing out a German art store. They’ve glued this one on, and written the date and title in black ink to suit the subject. They didn’t dare guess at the painter before showing it to us, so that’s why the place for the name of the painter is blank.”
“Do you think they’ll put a name on there now we’ve gone?” I ask.
Humphrey shrugs. “They’re not entirely clueless, Janika. I imagine they’ll come up with a likely name. That’s why they needed us.”
“Perhaps they’ll put the name of Frantz Silberman,” I suggest, laughing.
I’m not sure if Humphrey is amused or not, but he says thoughtfully, “They were clever enough not to print a modern fake label by scanning an original, but never thought about the adhesive.”
Humphrey is right. In the anxiety of trying to get a video before Mr Turek or Anton reappeared and saw the ultraviolet flashlight, I didn’t notice what caused the blue line, “So what now, Humphrey?”
“Young lady,” he says, “you have opened a can of worms.”
I’m a bit taken aback. “I’m sorry‒‒‒” I start to say, but Humphrey interrupts.
“They are good worms ‒ well, good for the genuine art world. This picture would have been passed on to an unsuspecting buyer with more sense than money. They would have displayed it proudly in their house, and no doubt my name would have been mentioned as having authenticated it.”
“But you didn’t,” I protest.
“Not in so many words, but Anton and Mr Turek could say I examined it, and didn’t say anything negative about the provenance. The price would have been low enough to tempt the uninitiated collector. Piers and I have reason to believe Turek and Anton have more paintings they are preparing in that house at this moment.”
“Will they also bear similar exhibition labels?”
Humphrey nods. “Several paintings have already appeared on the market.”
“Couldn’t you have gone to see them and checked the labels without risking our lives just now?” I say in surprise.
Humphrey shakes his head. “I have heard of two people, not serious collectors, who are convinced their paintings are genuine because they apparently bear similar labels. Unfortunately, the owners have declined my offer to examine them.”
“Why? I thought anyone would be glad to know if they’d bought a dud.”
“Not so, Janika. Private buyers refuse to believe they have been duped. They buy paintings online with a promise of authenticity, but the details of the seller aren’t what they claim to be.”
“And somehow you managed to persuade Mr Turek to take us to the house. Well done, Humphrey.”
Humphrey smiles. “Mr Turek made the mistake of trying to trick me into giving some sort of authentication.”
“He was hoping you would come up with a name?”
“Indeed yes, Janika. The painting is undoubtedly old, from the German Expressionist period, but in my view it has been executed by an amateur, perhaps at an art class. No knowledgeable collector would touch it with a barge pole. To be taken seriously, a painting needs to have provenance.”
“Provenance?”
“We need to be able to trace its ownership step by step, without a single break, right back to the original artist’s studio. It also helps if there is proof that it was painted by the artist and not by one of his students. But these paintings have turned up mysteriously, without a single record of their history. So that rules out the serious collectors, but there are always people after what they believe to be a bargain.”
“I think I frightened them off at the mention of scientific tests,” I say. “I know the paint can be analysed to see if there are pigments that would not have been available at the time. Something like that.”
I’m not sure if Humphrey looks impressed, but he nods. “Certainly the pigments can be analysed, and the canvas can be dated. X-rays show if there are paintings underneath. If the hidden painting is amateurish, then clearly the top painting doesn’t belong to one of the major painters of the period. It’s likely to be the result of someone attending classes and improving to a point where they were ashamed of their earlier work and reused the canvas.
“So it’s a real minefield.”
Humphrey nods vigorously. “Absolutely, Janika, absolutely. But there’s always a good market for the gullible.”
“So Mr Turek’s painting is more or less worthless?”
“A mere curiosity of little value to a true collector, but maybe of considerable value to an uncultured clown who wants a painting they can boast about to their friends who know as little about art as they do. Please excuse my cynicism. It comes from a lifetime of working in fine art and meeting many Philistines.”
I guess it’s okay to call someone a Philistine in these circumstances. I’m about to confess that I came into that category when it involved Expressionism, until I met Piers. I probably still do.
Humphrey takes hold of my arm with his good hand, gently. “And now the little app on your phone has given us the location of the centre of operations. You have exceeded our expectations, Janika. It’s the thought of a representative of a New York dealer that persuaded Mr Turek to take us to the house. If it wasn’t for you, Janika, we would be no further ahead.”
“Supposing they track me down for revenge?”
Humphrey lets go of my arm and laughs. “How can they? There is no Janika Jackson. There is no James B Chesterfield either. They have no idea who you really are. Anton and Mr Turek aren’t part of some international gang of art forgers. Their little racket can now be quickly nipped in the bud. No doubt they will turn their attention to some other scam, but you have nothing to worry about.”
I can only hope he’s right.
He goes to pat me on the back with his bandaged hand, then stops. I guess he’s more worried about hurting it than he is about sensibilities. He stands up. “Janika, if you can send that video to me tonight as an attachment, I will be very grateful. That label has been dishonestly modified to cause deception. And let me know those three words.”
“So what’s Piers Pillinger’s role in all this?” I ask.
Humphrey glances at me, looks away, and then turns back, staring me in the eyes. “It began when Piers asked you to do that little job, investigating me. I have to admit, Janika, to my shame that I was trying to pass on something that wasn’t exactly mine to sell.”
I’m tempted to say it wasn’t even nearly yours to sell, but I let it pass. “Go on, Humphrey.”
Humphrey is looking a bit awkward, but I guess that’s the price of confession – if that is what this is.
“Let’s say Piers helped me see the error of my ways. Recently, a friend of Piers bought one of Mr Turek’s pictures, and Piers vowed to put things right for him.”
“Couldn’t Piers have examined the label? I’d have lent him my ultraviolet flashlight if he didn’t have a UV source of his own.”
“No, Janika, there was no label. The painting was unframed, so he and I have teamed up, along with someone you haven’t yet met. Someone you probably never will meet. You have to believe me, Janika, I’m now one of the goodies. I think that’s the expression. We may continue to need you from time to time on other investigations. You have skills we are lacking ‒ and such a nerve.”
“I hope I didn’t say too much,” I say, biting my bottom lip. “My mouth sort of ran away with me. Suddenly everything I’d read in those books that Piers lent me flooded my mind, even though I didn’t have a clue what I was talking about.”
Humphrey smiles. “I’m sure we can work together, Janika, but it will only be on rare occasions. So don’t give up the day job.” And he laughs. “But please, Janika, never again invent the names of painters when giving an opinion. You nearly gave me a real heart attack.” 
I think for a moment. “Anyway, I guess we got away with it. Those two know even less than I do. So what happens next?”
Humphrey shrugs. “You don’t need to know what happens next, Janika. The fine art world is closely connected. News of fraudulent activity is swiftly passed around. Piers and I will make sure Anton and Mr Turek are dealt with. We cannot afford to have criminals like that giving the world of fine art a bad name. Their entry into the art market has only been brief. Although they don’t know it, it’s about to come to a sudden end.”
What feels like an icy finger runs up my spine as Humphrey speaks about a sudden end. I’m assuming no deaths are going to be involved. I feel zapped. Piers Pillinger was right. There were a few surprises involved. Fortunately, it looks as though I’ve managed to survive all of them.
Humphrey Broxburn is chuckling to himself. I can hear him say, “Karl Silbermann. Lovely. And that stag’s eye. You said, ‘I don’t think it has the reality that you see in the eyes of animals on Silbermann’s other work.’ Priceless, Janika. Absolutely priceless!”
He stands up slowly. “Here’s to the next time, Janika.”
I can’t help wondering if I’m going to be this fortunate on the next job he and Piers give me. Of course, nothing is guaranteed in the way of work, but with two successful art jobs under my belt, there might be more.

Epilogue

I’m sitting in Button up. Humphrey Broxburn insisted on seeing me this morning at the hotel before I could get away for the early train home. He wanted to thank me again, profusely, and know my bank details so he could make a direct payment.
I explained that Piers Pillinger was seeing to all that, but he said it would be some sort of bonus.
Humphrey’s visit meant I missed my connection where I had to change trains onto my local line. Not many trains stop at my station, and it meant a very long wait.
I bought a sandwich and had a coffee while I waited. As I discovered last time I stopped there, the station cafeteria is nothing like the food or service here at Button Up, where I’m now having a proper coffee.
Rupert phoned when I was nearly home on the train. He says that without Tom to help, things are taking a bit longer than planned with my car. It won’t be ready tonight. The paint job is done, and it just needs a final polish and check over in the morning. He’s going to do it, and then drop the car off at mine mid morning.
I remind Rupert that I don’t want the whole car highly polished, and he says he’s bearing that in mind. He’ll even drive down a muddy lane on his way to me if it helps. I think he’s joking, but he’s clearly got the right idea.
Another investigation completed to everyone’s satisfaction – apart from Anton and Mr Turek’s. The only bad news is that it’s yet another job that I can’t discuss on the television interview that’s coming up in a couple of weeks. 
Abi has been quizzing me about my movements. She knows I’ve been to London and Piers Pillinger was involved. I said all I can tell her is that yes, it was London, and it was more exciting than I expected it would be.
Of course, that was the wrong thing to say to Abi. Now she’s really keen to pump me for details. I tell her I’m feeling exhausted, and I’d rather not talk about it now.
Melanie comes in with Liam. I look up at the large clock above the service counter. It’s nearly 4 o’clock. I hadn’t realised how late it was.
Liam runs over to me as soon as he sees me. “How was school?” I ask.
“Okay,” Liam says, without any great enthusiasm. Then he brightens up. “Can I show you a new magic trick?”
“Leave Janika alone for now,” Abi says. “She’s tired. She’s been up in London on a very exciting job.”
“Wow,” Liam says, “did you get in a fight?”
I smile, and shake my head. Then before I can say anything more, Abi says, “Janika won’t tell me about it. Yet.”
I roll my eyes as she nudges me on the shoulder.
Then she says, “How about another cappuccino, Janika, and a thick slice of fruit cake? All on the house. And then I can sit with you and we can have a little chat about our work in general. And who knows, perhaps about work in particular.”
Abi is going to be extremely disappointed. Well, the offer of the fruit cake is making my mouth water. Maybe I can tell her just a little bit about London.
“And about Toby Walton,” Abi adds, almost under her breath. And she winks at me.

THE END


Return to Table of Contents

The Abi Button Book Series

Tall Men and Strangers is the first Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abigail (Abi) Button is thirty-one, and in spite of kissing a few frogs she has yet to find her prince. On the lookout for a tall, dark stranger (but not too strange) she realises he has been living locally all the time. It’s just that she has not really noticed Jack Thornley until she meets him in her road late one evening, standing by an emergency ambulance.
Abi’s elderly neighbour is Ivy Smith, and she’s ninety-one. She gives Abi a small silver key, telling her to keep it secret from her nephew Jack who is helping to care for her. What the key opens, Abi has no idea.
Ivy worries that she hears someone moving around her house at night, when she should be alone. Abi tries to reassure her by saying it’s only the old house settling at night, or noisy neighbours, but Ivy Smith is unconvinced. Soon Abi is unconvinced, too.
As Abi’s friendship with Jack develops, he invites her to his local church where she meets Danny Wells. Much to her embarrassment she remembers kissing Danny at school. Old memories start to surface, threatening to put the relationship with Jack in jeopardy.
A cozy mystery romance taking place in a small English town, told by Abi Button.

Poetry and Mayhem is the second Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi Button gets involved with the lazy nephews and nieces of their elderly uncle who lived in the creepy house at the far end of her road. Isaac Whittard Magritte Newton, to give him his full name, has set a cryptic clue in his will for the siblings to solve. The will says the first nephew or niece who can solve the clue is going to be extremely wealthy, but the puzzle seems unbreakable. The old man once set crossword puzzles for two of the national newspapers, and other puzzles for various magazines. Abi, with her modest skills in cryptic crosswords, has to admit defeat.
Also on Abi’s mind, perhaps as a matter of greater importance than solving the clue that will help four squabbling siblings, is her developing friendship with junior solicitor Danny Wells. She wonders if she has at last found the right man. Melanie Upton ‒ Abi’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ assures Abi that this one is definitely a keeper. But as Abi points out, Melanie says the same thing about every man Abi gets to know.

Cake and Calamity, the third Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
“Organising a wedding is a piece of cake,” to quote Abigail (Abi) Button. She could be right, because a local wedding shop provides the whole service: bridal gowns, venue, cake, food, cars ... everything that makes the perfect wedding. Apart from husbands!
Meanwhile, Melanie Upton ‒ Abi Button’s co-owner of Button Up coffee shop ‒ confides in Abi that romance is in the air with an Italian property investor called Romero Rocco. Can it be true?
Abi’s new friend and neighbour is also getting married. She now owns the house Abi calls Creepy Mansion. She says getting a builder to restore the old house should also be a simple matter. So with a joint wedding planned for Abi and her new friend, Abi asks, “What can possibly go wrong?”
A cozy mystery romance taking place in the small English town of Craidlea, told by Abi Button.

Ghouls and Jewels, the fourth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
Abi returns from her honeymoon to find a threatening letter on the doormat. Her new friend Alice says her sister and brothers are claiming she’s secretly in possession of a priceless Russian tiara and associated jewels, and they insist on having their share ‒ and they are already arranging to take her to court.
This is news to Alice, so Abi and Alice, with their new husbands set out to search the creepy old house that Alice has recently purchased.
A neighbour says she has heard wailing coming from the house, and Abi’s childhood fear that the house is haunted seems to be confirmed when she sees a woman’s face staring out between the bars of a basement window at night.
The search for the Russian treasure leads to an unpleasant encounter with a dominating father and aunt. More problems for Abi to solve, in between running Button Up coffee shop with her co-owner Melanie Upton, who has romantic news to share. This time it sounds as though it could be promising ‒ with just one small drawback.

Doughnuts and Disaster, the fifth Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance.
It’s late February and the area is experiencing an unexpected cold snap with snow. Liam, Steve Donovan’s eight-year-old son, is staying with Abi while Steve and Melanie are on their honeymoon.
Abi is concerned when single mum Bethany reports a man wearing a long raincoat, hanging around the local play area taking photographs. Bethany is afraid that her father and disagreeable Aunt Erica have sent him to spy on her, with a view to snatching baby Freddie. Abi thinks there are two men watching. Why two?
Young Liam is clearly upset by all the changes in his life, and Abi tries to win his confidence with jam donuts. Abi warns Liam and his friends to keep away from the deep pond in the woods, because the ice is too thin to walk on. But Liam is on the hunt for Bigfoot, convinced he lives somewhere amongst the trees.
Bethany’s friendship with Harry the builder seems to be turning into a romance, maybe even a wedding ‒ if Bethany’s father and Aunt Erica can be kept away. Pete and Hayley also wonder if this is a good opportunity to discuss marriage!
A cozy mystery romance taking place in the small English town of Craidlea, told by Abi Button.

Apple Pie and Follies, the sixth and final Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance. 
Alice and Rupert Forrester have just moved into the house Abi used to call Creepy Castle. The basement apartment will soon be ready for newlywed Bethany and Harry with baby Freddie. Alice finds an old map of the area in the college library, which leads to some exciting discoveries.
Some items donated to the local cat charity cause serious problems for Abi and Danny, with Danny locked in a police cell and suspended from work at lawyers Branks, Davis & Waters, and Abi taken in for questioning. Meanwhile, life at Button Up coffee shop proceeds in the usual way ‒ a way that is often far from normal.

Button Up Detective Agency
The Button Up spin-off Series

Clocks Locks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #1
When Janika Jones’ husband is found dead, his death is initially assumed to be suicide. Sam Jones was a detective with the local CID, and Janika is determined to prove he was murdered. Realising she has detective skills of her own, she trains to be a private investigator, and sets up an office above the Button Up coffee shop owned by Abi Wells, a girl she knew at school as Abi Button.
Calling her business the Button Up Detective Agency, Janika sets out to find her own cases to investigate, having been warned by the police not to investigate her husband’s murder. But that’s something she can’t resist when the opportunity arises. When things turn nasty, who can she trust?
Told by Janika Jones, this is a slightly darker cozy mystery spin-off from the series of six Abi Button Cozy Mystery Romance books, also by Lizzie Lewis. Although mainly about Janika, she interacts with many of the main Abi Button story characters.

Hugs Bugs and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #2
As Janika Jones settles into her new career as a private investigator – fully trained, of course – she is asked to take the part of a New York art collector’s assistant to investigate a picture in a London art gallery, where she has to obtain vital photographic evidence without being caught. The theft of a collection of wartime medals leads to a gruesome discovery. And being accused of poisoning an unwelcome visitor is just another event in Janika’s hectic life at the Button Up Detective Agency.

Shoes Clues and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #3
This book.

Kicks Tricks and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #4
Janika Jones’ early morning jog round the park, and her interview on local TV, lead to unexpected danger. Meanwhile, her relationship with Toby Walton proceeds well, until he shares more of his past life. Janika is concerned there may be a side to Toby that she hadn’t suspected, and she starts to feel uneasy. An elderly lady is being targeted by a conman, and Janika perhaps unwisely tells the lady to hand over the money as evidence of a crime. Young Liam Donovan goes with Janika on a stakeout as mother and son, with Janika wearing a ginger wig to avoid suspicion. She assures Melanie the boy will be completely safe. But at the crucial moment, Liam decides he’s going to be a hero. And of course the celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika and Courtney Jacobs doesn’t go at all as planned. This is the fourth Button Up Detective Agency book featuring Janika Jones, and some characters from the Abi Button Cozy Mystery series of six books.

Cards Shards and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #5
A second attempt to hold the previously abandoned celebratory meal at Parke’s with Janika, Toby, Courtney and Ollie ends once again in catastrophe. There are accusations all round, but who is innocent and who is being set up? Janika wants to help sort out the innocent from the guilty, because she’s about to be arrested for a crime she didn’t commit. And Courtney is suspended from the CID.
Amabelia Flores, who is opening a small flower shop just up the road from Button Up, is suspected of giving false evidence about Janika to the police. But why would she do that? What harm has Janika done to her? And when Janika looks into the florist’s background, she discovers a suspicious past ‒ or is there something important that she has yet to discover?
Janika and Courtney hold their own investigation into the accusations which are the subject of two separate police enquiries, and try to find the connection. Toby Walton? Fortunately for Janika, he’s still hanging in there ‒ for now. Then their investigation takes them all to the edge of disaster.

Phones Bones and Danger
A Button Up Detective Agency Cozy Mystery #6
Coming spring 2022
When Daisy Evans, a.k.a. Amabelia (Bella) Flores gets the result of a DNA test she has done in an attempt to discover her unknown father, things don’t work out well, and she risks losing her new florist business. Bella asks Janika Jones to investigate, and the result is something neither of them expected.
Janika is also investigating aliens who are apparently landing at night in the field behind Nigel Frampton’s house. Unsurprisingly, the police show no interest at all, so Nigel hires Janika to set up a surveillance camera. Janika has to hope no one finds out what she’s doing, or she will become a laughing stock. However, it turns out that the job is far from laughable, and there’s serious danger involved.
Piers Pillinger wants to make use of Janika’s photographic skills again, and assures her this is a perfectly straightforward job at his own home. Nothing can possibly go wrong ‒ and Janika believes him!
Toby Walton? Well....

<><><><>

White Tree Publishing publishes mainstream evangelical Christian literature in paperback and eBook formats, for people of all ages. We aim to make our eBooks available free for all eBook devices, but some distributors will only list our books free at their discretion, and may make a small charge for some titles ‒ but they are still great value!
We rely on our readers to tell their families, friends and churches about our books. Social media is a great way of doing this. Take a look at our range of fiction and non-fiction books and pass the word on. You can even contact your Christian TV or radio station to let them know about these books. Also, please write a positive review if you are able.
Check out our website to find over 200 fiction and non-fiction books, including a range of books for younger readers. The majority of our fiction books are Victorian romances carefully and lovingly edited and abridged for readers today.

https://whitetreepublishing.com

Return to Table of Contents


