

Taxi Scramble

by

Harriet Rogers

at Smashwords
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of pure fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

This book is dedicated to small town life which is always on the verge of something.

“The younger generation does not want instruction, being perfectly willing to instruct if anyone will listen to it.” Rudyard Kipling, Under the Deodars

Taxi Scramble
Copyright ©2019 Harriet Rogers

This book may not be reproduced in whole or in part without written permission from 
Harriet Rogers


Chapter One

Fascination and terror short circuited my brain as the skinny guy in line ahead of me shoved a gun in the clerk’s face and demanded money. It was one of those “I can’t look away” moments. The convenience store clerk shrugged and held out a wad of singles, as if this were an everyday occurrence. The robber snatched the bills, grabbed an open carton of jumbo Snickers off the display, shot the ceiling, and bolted out the door. Ceiling pieces rained down as I watched the hold-up guy through the glass wall that covered the front of the building.
High-speed disaster turned to a slow-mo “Oh God, please don’t” moment when I saw the passenger side door of my taxi open. Lucille, my elderly passenger, put one sensibly clad foot on the ground. The other foot followed, and she stomped forward. A snub-nosed pistol somehow moved from her bra holster to her hand. My mouth opened and squeaked a protest. 
Lucille is possibly, maybe, could be, somewhere in age between Social Security and infinity, with a background that included knowing a lot about weaponry. We had stopped at the convenience store to pick up milk to go with cookies she had baked to curry favor with taxi drivers, friends, relatives and, most of all, the male population at the local Senior Center. 
I hammered on the automatic door until it reluctantly reopened. By the time I got outside, the would-be robber was stomach down, hands restrained behind his back with a pair of fuzzy purple cuffs. Lucille’s gun was pointed at the ground, her sensibly clad foot holding the hoodie covered neck tightly against the pavement.
“Move one muscle and I will staple your junk to your ears and kneecap you,” Lucille said sweetly.
I sighed, pulled out my cell phone and speed-dialed my personal police officer, Lieutenant Jon Stevens.
“Where are you and what have you done?” Jon asked. 
“At the Stop and Go convenience store, and I didn’t do anything, but Lucille has a present for you and it’s wearing purple handcuffs.”
“Christ,” Jon mumbled, and the phone went dead.
My name is Honey Walker and I drive a cab for Cool Rides Taxi in Northampton, Massachusetts. At five-six with curly blond hair, blue eyes and a button nose, I’m considered cute, sort of what people thought Shirley Temple should have looked like all grown up. Women usually like to hear words like striking, beautiful, gorgeous, even interesting. My best friend, Belle, would be all of those with an explosive side of glitter. But I’ll settle for cute.
Northampton is a small town with a near schizophrenic mix of liberal and conservative small-town values. The excitement level has increased as the larger cities to the south export their criminal elements northward up the interstate. Although convenience stores have a high robbery rate, this was the first time I had witnessed one first hand. I’m young and foolish enough to find it more interesting than terrifying.
Lucille rolled the idiot who flunked Robbery 101 over as I picked bits of ceiling tile out of my hair.
She gently pushed the dirty hood away from his face. “Why, you’re just a child,” she said. “I do hope I didn’t frighten you with all that talk of staples and kneecapping.” 
A boy, not more than fifteen and possibly as young as twelve, stared up at us with panic and defiance settled in equal measure on his cherubic face.
“Unfortunately, we have already called the constabulary,” Lucille said.
“Yeah, and I called the cops,” said the clerk, joining us in the parking lot.
“So, how much did he get?” One of the customers had wandered over from the gas pump.
“Ten dollars cash and thirty-five dollars and sixty cents in Snickers, including tax,” said the clerk. The gathering crowd looked at the rest of the candy bars scattered around our feet.
“Hey, once it hits the ground, I can’t restock it. Help yourselves,” he said, snatching one, tearing off the wrapper and downing the oversized bar in two bites. The word “evidence” ran briefly through my brain. The clerk picked up the wad of dollar bills that the thief had dropped in an oily puddle.
“I think I’ll pop these in the microwave,” he said.
Okay, no more microwave hotdogs for lunch from this place.
A crowd of patrons and passers-by stood around discussing the young robber’s fate, the frequency of such incidents, and the gourmet value of a Snickers bar. 
A middle age woman in sweats squinted at the minuscule calorie label on the candy-bar. “Look at what’s in this. How can two ounces of anything add five pounds of flab to my butt?”
“They should tell you more about the levels of bliss attained and less about calorie count.” A younger woman swallowed at least a million calories.
“Perhaps bliss is not quantifiable,” someone added.
“The positive outlook achieved by sweetening one’s palate prolongs life.”
“They say that each cigarette you smoke takes nine minutes off your life. Maybe eating a candy bar adds it back.”
“Who needs to know how short their life is going to be?”
“I prefer Milky Way myself,” said an elderly gentleman, plucking two Snickers out of a puddle.
“No way,” said a passing teenager. “There’s peanuts in that Snickers. The government says that a helping of nuts every day keeps you stronger longer.”
“Do you believe everything the government tells you?” asked the old guy.
“Do you believe anything the government tells you?” asked a spandex-ed jogger.
“I got some hazelnut coffee inside. That gives you double the nuts so coffee and Snickers should keep you alive forever according to the government food pyramid,” added the clerk.
The philosophic discussion of Snickers continued until the candy disappeared and sirens screamed up the street. A patrol car slid into the parking lot, spraying loose gravel, but the officers had missed dessert. Lucille continued to keep a close eye on the subdued robber until she handed him over to one of the uniforms.
Jon arrived shortly after the blue and white patrol car had screeched to a stop. Officers were interviewing witnesses. The kid was in the back of the cruiser with less colorful restraints. Purple handcuffs caused consternation among the uniforms, but Lucille smiled in her Debbie Reynolds’ way and returned them to her over-sized shoulder-bag.
“So, why did you come?” I asked Jon, knowing a lieutenant wouldn’t normally bother with such a mundane event.
“Entertainment.”
Jon and I met a few years ago when he busted me for vagrancy and assaulting an officer, although the charges were dropped. We watched each other around town for a few years. Eventually we became close personal friends, then very close. The closer we got, the more he tried to assert authority over how I lived my life. He still tries to do the authority thing and I still ignore his efforts, but we get along where it counts. Spending a night with Jon usually involves good conversation, lots of fun, and more than one miracle moment. He is also Lucille’s landlord in the Victorian two-family that he owns and occupies. She and her adopted son, Terry, are the “two” on the other side of the two-family house.
“What’s going to happen to that boy?” asked Lucille, glancing at the back of the cruiser.
“I’ll need to see if he’s in the system first,” said Jon. “Find out how old he is, if he has parents, guardian or foster care.”
“There are a few things you will find out shortly about him.” Lucille gazed at the patrol car.
“And what would that be?” asked Jon, warily.
“When I applied the hand-cuffs I noticed cigarette burns on his arms and a crude tattoo, possibly a gang tag.”
“I’ll check it out.” Jon watched the patrol car pull onto the street. “Nice handcuffs.”
“Well, they aren’t yours,” replied Lucille.
“No, but most of the force knows where you live.”
Lucille did the Mona Lisa smile.
We watched the departing cruiser as the crowd dispersed. The kid would be formally arrested and held at the Northampton jail until his case got sorted out.
I started back to retrieve the gallon of milk I had abandoned when the robbery broke out.
“Honey?” Jon called to me.
“What?”
“I’m glad you’re okay.” He smiled, strolled over to me and traced a finger down my neck. “Come over tonight,” he added.
“Maybe. I have to bring Lucille home at the end of my shift. Do I get the remote?” I needed a football fix and Jon had a humongo flat screen TV. The mini TV in my apartment did no justice to the buns and tats of an NFL player.
“I’ll be home around six.” Jon kissed my nose. “Don’t entertain me any more until tonight.” He paused, added, “Please,” ambled to his unmarked and drove off.
I went inside, collected my milk and looked at the slightly singed edges of the dollar bill the clerk gave me in change.
In the taxi, Lucille gripped her oversized, overstuffed purse. She had that spacey expression she gets when she is working out a particularly vexing problem. 
I met Lucille several years ago when I drove her to the airport. She was transporting her husband’s ashes to be scattered in some mysterious place that I didn’t want to know about. Most of him got on the plane with Lucille. A few ashes leaked through a hole in his box to be sucked up by the airport vacuum and, possibly, into the nose of a drug sniffing beagle. 
Right now, I dropped Lucille, her milk, cookies, quick release handcuffs and her roving eye at the Senior Center and drove back to the Cool Rides garage. 
My best friend and fellow cabbie, Belle, was sitting outside in a plastic lawn chair watching the world go by. Her head was bobbing to music from headphones forced down over her four-inch Afro. I dragged out another chair and joined her six-feet of chocolate-brown womanhood.
“Where’s Mona?” Mona, our dispatcher and general guardian of the cars, frequently joined Belle in people watching and the sport of fashion terrorism.
“Inside Zening over driver applications. She is one with her computer.”
“Zening?” I was pretty sure Mona didn’t practice any special religion, so I wasn’t sure what Belle meant other than that we always needed drivers and Mona had computer programs that made the standard police check on potential drivers a waste of time. I leaned back and enjoyed the sun.
Belle smiled. “I believe the Urban Dictionary defines it as ‘to be one with the world around you. While in this state of being everything works out for you and enjoyable things spontaneously show up.’ She wants a really good new driver. ’Course you and me, we’re a hard act to follow. How’s Lucille?” Belle asked without shifting her eyes from a particularly muscular example of manhood jogging by in bright blue short-shorts and a banana yellow tank top.
“I dropped her at the Senior Center with enough cookies to snare any guy over 75 who knows what a vibrator is for.”
“Umm, a woman with attitude, our Lucille.”
“We had an incident when we stopped for milk to go with the cookies, but Lucille took care of it.” I related the excitement and Jon’s comments on my entertainment value.
“You better show him what real entertainment is about tonight.” Belle stretched, wiggled her two-inch, two-toned fingernails, red and black today, with silver sparkle. I knew she had a pair of three-inch spike heels that matched the fingernails. They were probably stashed in her oversized shoulder-bag in case she had a date night with Judge Carlton Witherspoon. Carlton was slowly working past her defenses, mostly about her previous employment. She had been a very successful lady of the evening before her pimp was found with a bullet hole decorating the space between his eyes. She decided to change careers, and taxi driving required a different fashion statement but similar people skills, just toned down and physically more limited. But a cabby had to be able to read people. 
She stretched again and sighed. She fluffed up her Afro. “How’s Terry?”
“He’s gained weight so he’s not a scarecrow anymore. For all his talk about eating like a king out of the dumpsters of New York, he was still young and scrawny when he came up here. Right now, he’s thinking about the who, what, where and why of his existence.”
“The what would be Lucille’s cookies, the where is wherever she puts him, the why he’s gonna have to figure out for himself. Life can’t get more profound than Lucille’s baking,” said Belle, closing her eyes to the sun. “And he was scrawny because he spent so much time running from the law and whoever else might be in pursuit.”
“The adoption papers came through. He’s now officially a member of Lucille’s family.”
“Lucille will make a great mother or grandmother, whichever she chooses to call herself. Lots of food and plenty of protection. She’s a real mother bear when it comes to that kid.”
Belle and I sunned and watched people on the bike/walking/jogging spandex highway until Mona yelled, “I got rides here. Let’s scramble those taxis.” The local Air force base had been practicing the protection of our geo-political borders recently with some fast-scrambled-low-level maneuvers. Scramble had worked its way into Mona’s taxi vocabulary.
Making a living intruded on our tanning. Well, my tanning. I wasn’t sure how much darker the sun would make Belle’s smooth cocoa skin. 
I spent the afternoon moving high-school kids. Most of them were older than the boy who held up the convenience store in the morning and landed in jail by afternoon. I wondered if the inept robber went to school. One of the older kids I picked up had an interesting shoulder tattoo that I noticed when he slid into the backseat.
“So, what’s the tat mean?” I asked. I like some of the more subtle tattoos, but I could never overcome the pain factor enough to actually get a rose tattooed on my butt. This one was some sort of crown. Maybe it’s good to be the king.
“Why?”
“I like tats. Just curious if it has anything special to say.”
“No.” He leaned forward, put his finger against the back of my neck and whispered in my ear. “And bitches like you shouldn’t put their faces where they don’t belong.”


Chapter Two

I drove like hell for his destination. Partly to prove that I could drive like hell and partly to get rid of this passenger. He was my last fare of the day. I dumped him at the premiere of the locally made movie How do I kill thee, let me count the ways. It was a thriller combined with an all-day marathon of Freddy Krueger films. 
I checked in with Mona, gave her my fare money and drove to the Senior Center to pick up Lucille. Since I had an early morning train station, I would keep the car overnight. 
We headed to Lucille’s house. I knew she would have cookies and I decided to eat dessert first. Then I could join Jon for a different kind of dessert.
Terry was at the kitchen table when Lucille got the front door unlocked. She had installed extra security after a prescription drug bust in which she and Terry had done most of the busting. The drug dealers took exception to being tracked and arrested by an old geezer lady and a teenage street kid. They did a lot of damage to the front door and the interior in an attempt to remove Terry. Thus, the new locks. 
We were about to dig into chocolate chips when Jon pulled in. Terry groaned, got up and worked his way through the locks again.
Terry had penetrated Lucille’s radar when he had come up the interstate from New York City as a reluctant drug mule for a local illicit prescription drug cartel. He changed his job description when Lucille helped redirect the senior citizens running the drug ring, mostly to state or federal facilities. Terry and Lucille bonded over a shared sense of right and wrong. Terry fell on the right side. He had been born off the grid in a deserted building in New York City, lost his mother when he was five years old and moved into the New York Public Library where he lived until he got involved with running drugs to Massachusetts and points north. He was somewhere around fifteen years old with an off the charts IQ and enough knowledge gleaned from the library system to have a PhD if he had wanted one.
Terry finally released all the locks from their protective jobs and Jon squeezed through the door.
“Hi, Jonny. How did that young man turn out?” asked Lucille.
“Young man?” Terry asked.
“Oh, we had a little incident at the Stop and Go store this morning. It gave me a chance to practice drawing from my bra-holster.”
Terry looked alarmed and sat down with a thud. “Bra holster? What happened?” He didn’t know which to be more interested in—the holster or the happening.
“A very unhappy and very young man, a boy really, attempted to hold up the convenience store. I discouraged him.”
“She flipped him on his stomach and cuffed him,” I said.
“You have handcuffs?” Terry looked startled. Apparently Terry didn’t know about that side of Lucille. That was a good thing.
“They aren’t standard police issue, thank God,” muttered Jon.
“Did you discover anything more about the boy?” Lucille asked Jon.
“Name is Tomas, in foster care with one Norman Flunker, has some burns that might be abuse and the tattoo could be self-inflicted. I called his guidance counselor at school. She seemed to think there were gangs involved. Told me some of the gangs have a presence now in the schools.”
“Oh God!” whispered Terry.
“What?” asked Lucille. We all turned to stare at Terry.
“It’s Tomas,” he said, using the Spanish pronunciation. “I know him. He’s like me, a no baby.”
“A no baby?” Jon’s cop face flickered on as he watched Terry.
“Yeah, it’s what I was before I moved into the library. He was born outside the system like me. When someone hears a baby crying, they call social services. Social service lady comes to the door and whoever answers says ‘no baby here.’ That’s what Tomas was. That’s why we call ourselves no babies. He was a no baby until someone dropped him at the fire station safe house. I met him when I transferred to the vocational high school.”
Terry, already educated by the New York public library system, had found regular high school boring and realized that most of what he wanted to know was more likely to be available at the vocational school than in a normal, college tracked high school. He was taking courses in welding, wood working and hair cutting as well as a few math, literature and social studies courses that he already knew all the answers for.
“Well, you’re in my system now and you have a family. We shall see what we can do for young Mr. Tomas,” said Lucille, stepping over behind Terry. She put her hand on his shoulder.
We might start with why he held up a convenience store, I thought. 
Jon said, “Tell me more about Tomas.”
“He’s really smart. They put him in the vocational system when he started fixing his math teacher’s car. He has some weird kind of memory thing. He can tell you what he did five years ago. His problem is he can tell you what someone did to him five years ago too.”
“That’s called hyperthymesia, I believe.” Lucille stared off into space. “It can be very useful, although in some circumstances perhaps not.”
“I know what it’s called. We looked it up in Wikipedia. And he really doesn’t want to remember most of his life. It’s been a lot worse than mine ever was.”
“So you’ve spent some time with him?” asked Jon.
“Yeah, some.” Terry squirmed, remembering Jon’s profession.
“Can you tell me about the cigarette burns?” Jon asked softly, dropping the authoritative tone. 
“What’s going to happen to him?” asked Terry.
Smart kid. He was negotiating with Jon. Information for information. 
“He’s in juvenile lock-up right now. His foster will be notified. Then the juvenile officer will decide whether the foster is qualified to take him back until a determination about the robbery is reached.”
“Oh.” Terry slouched farther down in the chair. His head hung a little more. “I don’t think he should go back to the foster house.”
“Terry.” Jon moved his chair closer. “Did the cigarette burns happen at the foster house?”
“What?! No, no. Mr. Flunker isn’t like that. He isn’t anything. He isn’t there, he doesn’t feed them, he doesn’t even buy food for them. He just gets something on the way home from work for himself. Tomas was living on the school lunch program. I started giving him your cookies.” Terry glanced at Lucille. 
She smiled with satisfaction at a creation appreciated.
“There’s one other kid living with them. But he’s about to turn 18, so he’s pretty much out of the system. The case worker doesn’t bother with him. But if Tomas brings your cookies home he has to hide them or the other kid takes them. He’s big, the other kid. Usually Tomas ate them at school. The other kid could smell them.” Terry smiled slightly. “We used to call him fee, fi, fo, fookie because he would smell the cookie.” 
“Didn’t the case worker check on Tomas?” I asked.
“She showed up once a month. But Mr. Flunker knows when she’s gonna stop by. He takes a run to the Survival Center, stocks up on kid food, and then sells the food to a neighbor after the case lady leaves.”
“Terry, where did Tomas get the burns and the tattoo? Were they self-inflicted?” Jon was staying on target.
“No! Tomas was dealing with stuff. He thought about joining a gang because they would take care of him.”
“Was the hold-up an initiation?” Lucille continued to rest her hand on Terry’s shoulder.
“I don’t think so, I don’t know. Tomas’ memory thing has value. The gang was recruiting him but he was afraid he wasn’t tough enough or maybe they were doing things he didn’t like. They recruit in school. One of them talked to me, but I played the stupid card. He was even dumber, so he left me alone.”
Lucille’s hand on Terry’s shoulder tightened a little. I wondered if she knew about the gang member approaching Terry and how aware the school really was about gang recruitment.
“I think Tomas had decided to avoid them. I don’t know which one was interested in him. I just know that Tomas is a good person. And really smart. He shouldn’t be getting into trouble.”
“Terry, do you know how Tomas got the burns?” Jon asked.
“He wouldn’t talk about it. He wore long sleeves all the time after I saw the first one. He wouldn’t talk about the tattoo either. And we talked a lot. But not about that.”
“Do you have any idea why he would pull a hold- up?”
“Shit, no.” Terry looked apologetically at Lucille. She had been trying to convince him that four letter words were for people who weren’t smart enough to use the Queen’s language properly. “He never said anything about that being part of his plan. Maybe he thought it would land him in jail and the gangs would leave him alone.”
“Probably the wrong place to try to get away from them,” said Jon.
“He’s only thirteen. He was pretty confused,” replied Terry.
“Okay, just let me know if you hear anything that would help me understand what the motivation for the hold-up might be or where those burns came from. I might call the guidance department again.” Jon didn’t need to tell Terry not to talk about any of this. Terry had learned the power of discretion as a wild child on the streets of New York and the power of knowledge from his time in the NYC Library. He knew when to keep his ears open and his mouth closed.
Jon looked at me and his cop eyes had changed to his “Let’s go next door” expression. 
I grabbed my oversized bag which was stuffed with my latest shopping trip with Belle. Shoes, four-inch spike glitter bombs, and a lacey dark crimson thong and non-existent top. 
It took me four minutes to change. Jon appreciated it for ten seconds. It took him less than that to remove it all, although he left the glitter bomb shoes in place longer than the thong.

My cell phone alarm beeped insistently at 4:30 the next morning. Jon wrapped an arm and a leg around me and buried his head in my pillow which he had stolen during the night. I wiggled free. He groaned and rolled over. My early fare was catching a six-a.m. train to New York, so I needed to pick up by 5:15. 
I glanced at the address as I gulped coffee and crammed toast down my throat. Two passengers at Hampshire Heights. The Heights is part of the City’s large supply of affordable and subsidized housing. When I got there, two young men, early twenties, sporting lots of tattoos and some painful looking piercings, staggered sleepily out of the row of brick apartments. One of the tattoos was a crown similar to the one on my fare from the day before. 
Some people like to talk to cab drivers. When there are two people together the cabbie is usually ignored. With these two guys, I was invisible. The taxi could have been on automatic pilot. I could have been home in bed with Jon, experiencing a wow moment. I kept my mouth closed, they didn’t. 
They were on their way to the big city for high level meetings about some kind of franchise. I wondered if they were old enough to own a burger joint instead of just flipping product at one. They talked about how to enforce territory, how to enhance distribution, what kind of profit sharing should happen and all the vagaries of your average small start-up business. I think there was a point at which they discussed the product, but I had lost interest.

By mid-morning there was a lull in people moving and the Cool Rides crew was sitting around the big screen TV in the driver’s lobby. Mona, Belle, Riggs and I were watching a National Geographic show about alligators. Riggs, the newest driver, was named after the big rig his mother drove. He had been conceived and, nine months later, born in her eighteen-wheeler. 
“I heard there’re lots of ’gators in the sewers of New York.” On screen a big guy wrestled a twelve-foot alligator and wrapped its snout in duct tape. Another reason to always carry a role of the sticky gray stuff. Especially now that it comes in lots of different colors and patterns. I carried a roll of duct tape with macaroni and cheese as the pattern. I’m all about color and concept.
“They need to come up with a miniature breed that never gets bigger than your thumb. Pigmy ’gators,” said Belle.
“Then people won’t just let ’em go when they get big?” asked Riggs.
“Well, yeah, everything needs a family, a support system of some kind,” Belle replied, watching the baby alligators wiggle through the water. “It’s harsh to get shoved into the world. Watch how those mama ’gators take care of their cuties.” 
The alligators were doing a better job than a lot of human mothers I knew. Then a big fish came along and swallowed one of the tiny reptiles whole. So maybe not. Most human kids didn’t end up as big gulps for oversized fish.
I thought of Terry and Tomas and wondered when Tomas had been shoved out. Terry had a mother until he was five years old and, even under the worst of circumstances, I thought that might have made a difference.
Mona jumped up as phones started ringing. She came back with fare slips and off we went. Today turned into another day of the teenager. Kids from school to doctors, dentists and downtown. From downtown to somewhere else downtown, from somewhere else to home, sometimes Hampshire Heights, sometimes the upscale housing by the college, back to school, back to town. I had one boy who made five trips from Hamp Heights to downtown in an hour, always lugging an oversized backpack that made him list to one side. Some of the parents had accounts with Cool Rides and I collected a signature slip from the kid. Others pulled out cash. One kid had a roll of twenties that made me want to ask her to take me shoe shopping. I dropped her at one of the subsidized housing complexes. She hadn’t looked up from her phone once the entire ride. 
“That’s ten dollars,” I said to my next fare, a girl who sat in the front passenger side. She continued texting. Her friend was in back with a pile of shopping bags, knapsacks and purses.
“Hello?” I repeated.
“I’m, like, texting Ashley to, like, pay you,” she mumbled.
“Ashley?”
She pointed one opposable thumb to her friend in the back seat. Her other thumb continued to move with lightning speed over her cell phone keyboard. Ashley handed me a ten-dollar bill from the back seat. I wondered if they had ever met face to face. They got out and went separate directions, texting at the speed of light the entire walk up to the front doors of their separate apartments.
I got back to Cool Rides twenty-five teenagers later. I hadn’t transported any of them to after-school jobs. Remembering my various working hours, I wondered if I had ever made enough money to spend it on a taxi ride. 
When I walked into Cool Rides Mona and Belle had ordered a super-sized loaded pizza. Cops have donuts, taxi drivers have pizza. 
Riggs was checking in and his fiancé, Henry, had just come off shift at the emergency room and joined the party. I snagged a piece before the remainder disappeared at warp speed.
“Huh,” said Belle around a bite of sausage, “some alien must have beamed that pizza right on up into their spaceship.”
“Or maybe a time traveler sucked it forward into the future. Either way someone sure finished it fast,” said Mona.
I pulled out my fare envelope and handed it to Mona. 
“I, like, did, like, twenty-five, like, teenagers. I’m declaring this a ‘like-free’ zone. And how was your day, dearies.” I turned to Belle and Riggs.
“I got our favorite nun to the airport. Made a few suggestions about content on her latest manuscript,” said Belle.
“I bet.”
The nun in question made tons of money for charity. Most of it went to homeless shelters and soup kitchens. Her manuscripts would give the Pope heart failure and turn the owner of Hustler magazine’s ears blue. She wrote porn and did a mighty fine job of it.
“I did a Boston run and got through the Big Dig without being squashed by falling cement or run over by Boston taxi drivers,” added Riggs.
“And we are proud of you for that.” Henry kissed Riggs on his polished bald head. They hadn’t tied the knot yet and were still acting like teenagers in love. Since they were getting hitched in a month, old married life was right around the corner, so we tolerated the goo-goo eyes of idiots in love.
“And what did you do, honey bunch?” asked Riggs, looking adoringly at Henry.
“Gang shooting. The kid was lucky. Through and through. Six shots fired, two hit a vehicle, two hit the building and one hit the kid. They haven’t found bullet number six last I heard. No casualties. And I saw your lovely lieutenant,” he said to me. “Then we had the usual stupid stuff. Two nail gun wounds, both self-inflicted, a kidney stone, some projectile vomiting from a concussion sustained when the head was used to demonstrate how to split a cement block and last, but hardly least, a couple of flat feet.”
“When did flat feet become an ER issue.”
“When a dump truck caused the flatness. We really have lost the war on stupid. Your tee-shirt is on the mark.” He smiled at Riggs who was wearing one of his collection of home-made tee-shirts with The War on Stupid is Lost printed across his chest.
“Your lieutenant brought in the cement block casualty as the demonstrator was a cop who refused an ambulance. The lieutenant told the blockhead, go quietly in a cruiser or cuffed to an ambulance.”
That was good information to have if I decided to spend the evening with Jon. He’d had a rough day and I could be a good venting wall. 
“How is Lieutenant Stevens?” I asked.
“Pretty shook up and kind of pissed off. He came in with the gang shooting too. The kid was being transported up to the jail and got ventilated between the police station and the van. He knows the kid, I guess. I think his name was Tomas.”
“Uh, oh.” Jon wouldn’t be the only one venting. Lucille and Terry would be pacing the floor too.




Chapter Three

When I got to Jon’s house, he was next door with a family gathering. Lucille and Terry currently made up Jon’s family and it looked like Lucille was ready to add Tomas.
“We will be leaving shortly for the hospital to see young Tomas.” She stated it unequivocally, leaving little room for Jon to object. “If you would care to transport us...” She turned to me.
“I need to ask him a few questions before you see him,” said Jon.
“Nonsense. The more secure he feels, the more information you will get from him. You know that as well as I. Interrogation 101, very basic. And I believe it is required that he have an interested adult present.”
Jon grimaced. Lucille had years on him when it came to questioning anyone—friend, foe, or general curiosity.
“And Terry and I will make him feel very secure,” she added, again putting a protective hand on Terry’s shoulder.
She was probably right about that and Jon knew it. His professional cop personality took over and he simply nodded and opened the door. We all trooped out to my taxi which I had brought home for another early morning train station run.
We found Tomas on the second floor with a uniformed officer at the door to his room. Jon showed his badge and paused to talk to the uniform.
“We’ll reassure young Tomas before you come in.” Lucille pulled Terry into the room before Jon could open his mouth. Since the door was still ajar, I followed them in. 
Jon gave Lucille less than five minutes, which Terry spent reassuring Tomas. “Lucille is a good person. You need to trust her.”
Jon came in, cell phone glued to his ear. He lingered by the door, listening, then crossed to Tomas’ bedside.
“I just spoke with the juvenile probation officer. She’ll stop by and talk to you, interview Lucille, and decide if you can stay with her.”
Tomas was propped up in bed, bandages on his arms and legs. He had an IV line in his arm and a look of confusion on his face. He knew Terry. Jon represented the law and was probably to be feared. Tomas hadn’t formally met Lucille. Maybe the cookie reputation and Terry’s approval would be enough to convince him that she was the answer rather than an addition to his problems.
“You need to think about what you want to do and see if it works for your new probation officer. I’d like to interview you as soon as that’s taken care of.” Jon looked at Lucille. “Firing that gun was really stupid. That’s considered a violent offense. We’ll need to deal with that. And I need to hear whatever you know about who tried to shoot you.”
Tomas’ eyes darted around the room. 
Terry sidled up to the bed. “These people are okay. If you can get the PO to let you stay with Lucille, you could hang with me. We could do our stuff that we talked about.”
Tomas’s eyes finally settled on Terry. He nodded with a touch of desperation.
Jon was watching Terry and listening to the exchange. I could see his expression change when Terry mentioned “our stuff that we talked about.” Tomas was part of an ongoing police investigation. Shots fired at the police station were taken seriously. Staying below the radar of the gangs or anyone else had just gone out the window. 
The juvie officer would take her time deciding so it was unlikely that Tomas would be released to Lucille, if that was deemed appropriate, in less than three days. The doctors wanted him to stay in the hospital for at least five days to keep an eye on the cigarette burns. The chance for infection was higher than any complications from the bullet they had removed.
Terry handed Tomas a book of brain games and we all departed back to Jon’s house. Lucille and Terry went into her side of the house. I agreed to pick up Lucille after my morning run and followed Jon into his side.
I closed the door and turned to find Jon slumped on the couch, the TV remote in his hand, the TV black and blank.
“What the hell is a thirteen-year-old kid doing taking a shot to the leg?”
“Is that how old he really is?”
“Yeah, I did a little digging. Social Service picked him up at the fire station safe baby drop off when he was probably two years old. He could walk. In fact, he could run so fucking fast the firefighters were having trouble keeping him contained. But he didn’t talk, didn’t say a word, didn’t make any sounds at all. They thought he was severely autistic until he hit third grade. That’s when he started reciting books from memory. He was reading at a seventh-grade level halfway through the year. They didn’t know what to do with him.”
“So he went from the safe-baby drop off into foster care.”
“Yup. He was passed around for a few years before he landed with Flocker. You heard what Terry had to say about that foster parent.”
“What are the chances that Lucille can work her magic and get him handed to her?”
“I don’t know. The use of a weapon was the dumbest thing a smart kid could do. That might force him into the juvie system.”
“Even if you testify?”
“I barely know the kid. What could I say? He’s smarter than the judge, the probation officer and all the lawyers combined. His high IQ doesn’t mean he’s not a danger to society. I got no idea what he’s feeling right now. He may be ready to go gun shopping the second he gets a chance. And we have no idea who he might use it on.” Jon sank back into the cushions.
I sat down next to him, curled my legs under me and prepared for some venting. But Jon had a more physical remedy in mind for his frustrations. He stood up suddenly, grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the bedroom. We didn’t get that far.
Buttons flew, zippers were yanked, clothing ripped, and Jon pushed me against the wall in a ferocious display of need that I had never seen in him before. We were still in the hallway and I was plastered against the wall by Jon’s hard body. If I could have thought, I might have remembered Belle’s joke about hallway sex. But I was in the moment and proceeded to destroy Jon’s clothing. It did occur to me that it was lucky there were no expensive and breakable pieces of furniture close by. Jon dropped to the floor and pulled me down on top of him. We rolled around like a deck chair on the Titanic. Our results were more satisfying.
We made it to bed, but only because we both needed to get some sleep that night. As we lay in post-coital recovery, I looked over at Jon. He was more relaxed but still had a slight frown. Maybe he just needed to laugh.
“We missed the kitchen,” I said.
“The kitchen?”
“Newlyweds have kitchen sex because they can’t make it to the bedroom.”
I saw a smile begin to play around Jon’s mouth. “Then they graduate to the bedroom after a few years.” The smile tipped up on both sides of his mouth. 
“Then, after twenty years or so, they pass in the hallway and say, ‘fuck you.’ That’s hallway sex.”
His smile became full blown. “I guess we changed the punch line on the joke,” he said.
He rolled over and pulled me up against him. We fell asleep curled together until three o’clock in the morning when Jon’s cell phone exploded in sound. He had it set on a super loud ring tone of Beethoven’s Ninth to be sure he didn’t sleep through any catastrophes. It was like a Harley starting up next to the pillow.
He grabbed the phone. “What?” he barked. I felt for the dispatcher who probably got that reaction on any call after midnight.
“He what? Shit! Where the hell was the guard? Yeah, yeah, I’ll get my ass up there.”
I sat up, staring sleepily at the clock. 
“Tomas, my prisoner, has disappeared.”
“He escaped?”
“Yeah, well, we didn’t handcuff him to the bed. I didn’t think it was fucking necessary. Shit! He just had a bullet taken out of his leg and he’s only thirteen years old, for Christ’s sake.”
He went to the closet and started throwing on clothes. Last night’s attire, still scattered in the hallway, was pretty well shot.
“I’ll be at the hospital. He’s probably halfway to Mexico.” He leaned over and kissed me hard. It would have developed into something if he hadn’t had other things on his mind.
I had to get up in a few hours to take my fare to the train to catch the six a.m. I gave up on staying in bed since I couldn’t get back to sleep anyway. I heaved myself out, hit the shower and started coffee. I was wishing Lucille was awake and baking cookies when I heard a crash next door. Then I heard her singing which probably meant everything was okay and she couldn’t sleep either. The cookies came back into my half-asleep brain and that made me knock on her door.
I heard locks being thrown and finally the door opened. 
“Why, Honey, how nice that you could join us for breakfast.”
“Um, thanks. Us?” I had a sneaking suspicion that us included more than Lucille and Terry, especially because she was cooking bacon and eggs, smashing toast into the toaster and looking way too pleased with herself. 
She loaded a plate as Terry walked through the door in his pajamas. He grabbed it and disappeared back down the hallway. Two minutes later he was back empty handed. Lucille passed him another loaded plate. He took this one to the table, sat down and demolished the food.
“Lucille? Who is us?”
“I believe that your grammar is slipping. And if you think I can explain who we are at this hour of the morning, then your understanding of philosophy is slipping as well.” She handed me a plate full of bacon and well-scrambled eggs.
I knew very well who “us” was and I knew that Tomas wasn’t halfway to Mexico or even to Holyoke just ten miles down the interstate. The question was, what was I going to do with that little piece of information? I settled for digging into breakfast.
I solved any dilemma I might have had by going to work running my early fare to the train station and then reported into the Cool Rides garage. 
“Lucille needs you to pick up Terry and take him to school. And she has some grocery shopping she needs to do.” Mona handed me the fare slip.
I bet Lucille needed more groceries. Teenage boys’ stomachs are like Trojan horses. They fill them up when you’re not looking and suddenly develop an army of uncontrolled energy as soon as they come into contact with other teenagers.
But I earned twenty-five dollars an hour schlepping groceries. It’s a great gig for a driver. 
I dropped Terry off at school. He was silent for the entire five-minute ride. Lucille had given me a long list of basic food groups and a hundred-dollar bill. 
An hour later I staggered up to her door with enough provisions to solve The Hunger Games until the next movie comes out. I didn’t ask and Lucille didn’t tell. She whirled around the kitchen stashing cans and fresh veggies. A fruit bowl appeared on the kitchen table. I hoped this didn’t mean that the cookie diet was going the way of the dinosaurs. I left with no dessert and headed back to Cool Rides.
I was headed inside to see if there was a ride to New York, Boston or any other high paying and fun location when Belle screeched to a stop in the space next to me. She bounced out of the cab and did a little happy dance. I knew it was something good when she grabbed me and we did a Tango across the parking lot. She did a deep dip when we got back to the cars.
“Hey, we’re good at that. Maybe we should try out for Dancing with the Stars. I can be the star.” She grinned as she dropped me on the ground and left me there. 
“Yeah, but why do you always get to lead?”
“’Cause I’m bigger, stronger and I got rhythm.” She shook her Afro and wiggled from her boobs to her butt. Her outfits had changed a lot in the last year. Taxi driving required a different fashion statement than her previous line of employment. Her shoes were still eye-popping red suede with fringe around the seam and little silver bells. But the heel was only two inches high and not spike. Her pants were black pencil but not skin tight and her top was, well, it covered her top. She had a fluffy, see through, sequin splattered jacket that she had thrown on to avoid the worst fashion faux pas— being boring. Its puffy sleeves winked as sun caught the reflective surfaces.
I looked down at my not quite ratty sneakers, black jeans and white tee shirt and sighed. Maybe when I grow up, I’ll get a better developed fashion philosophy.
“Whatever. So how come we’re doing your happy dance, and you’re the only person I know whose happy dance is a Tango.” I managed to get upright with a minimum of graceless struggle.
“I went shopping.”
“Shoes?”
“Nope. Groceries.”
“And what about groceries made you cheerful?”
“The crunch of a long smooth hard orange carrot, round red apples, velvety supple green spinach, mounded round yellow potatoes,” Belle said in a seductive low whisper. “Did you know that those butt shaped avocadoes are a super food?” 
“I get it. You like veggies or are we talking about some guy’s anatomy?”
“I like roughage ’cause what goes in must come out and roughage makes it come out easier.”
“You having trouble getting it out these days, and why are we talking about this?”
“Hey, you asked why I was happy. I took all that good food over to Rosita’s house.”
“Your new Little Sister?” Cool Rides Company had a public service policy. All drivers had to put in two hours a week, paid time, in community assistance of their choosing. Belle had chosen Big Brothers, Big Sisters. Rosita was her new little sister.
“They live in a food desert, a concrete jungle, a toxic slab of black wasteland, nothing but bricks and mortar.”
“They live in Hampshire Heights.”
“Yeah, but they don’t have a car. Try lugging ten bags of groceries a mile with three screaming kids. And then have the lettuce wilted, the carrots limp and the apples soft as a good tit by the time you get home. They get lots of stuff from the Survival Center but a good head of lettuce is as rare as an honest politician. I thought Rosita’s mama was gonna have an orgasm when she unloaded all that fresh raw color.”
“Bus isn’t running for the summer again?”
“Yeah, it’s all about the colleges. When students go home for the summer, buses stop dead in their tracks.”
“Maybe grocery shopping should be a regular adventure during your big sister trips.”
“Maybe I could do some cooking with her. I’m cooking for the Judge on Saturday. You ever cook for Jon?”
“Nope. We order out or he makes sandwiches. We do a lot of grazing. He keeps me out of the kitchen for fear of the fire department landing on our doorstep and maybe for a few other reasons.”
“Yeah, you two are too busy in other rooms in the house. The Judge and I have the same issue, but we share the whole house. We both like good food; we get into the sports and good movies thing in the home entertainment space.” She smiled wistfully. “He has a library.”
“Lots of people have bookshelves,” I said, maybe a little defensively.
“No, I mean he has a whole room that’s just books. You know, floor to ceiling. He needs a ladder to get to the top shelf.”
“You know all that stuff is on electronics, right?”
“’Course he has those as well. His computer goes a mile a millisecond. And he reads e-books in bed sometimes, but not very much, I don’t think.”
“You don’t think? I knew all that sexy food talk was about more than groceries. Sometimes a carrot isn’t just a carrot.”
“We’re getting there!” Belle was holding the Judge off and trying to stay out of his bedroom until she decided how much of the monogamy thing she could live with. His ideas about two and a half children, white picket fences and a golden retriever were not something she was sure she could accept at this point in her life. And that was definitely where he was heading with her.
Jon and I didn’t have quite the same problem set. We were both happy to get sex with no strings, but I had a feeling that Jon might not share well. And he carries a gun. I’ve never had any desire to look elsewhere but I reserve the right to do so. I haven’t examined how I would feel about Jon looking at anyone else.
I was contemplating this conundrum when Mona came roaring out of the office with a fistful of fare slips.
“Where the hell is Riggs? I got three train stations. Everyone wants to go to New York and the new passenger service is up and running on Amtrak. These guys all want to save time more than money so you’re taking them to Springfield.” She handed us each a slip. Pick up in fifteen minutes. The passenger train now stopped in Northampton, but it wasn’t frequent and the train time from here to Springfield was way, way longer than taking a cab and catching the train there. So people could tack an extra twenty minutes onto their time here and still pick up the train in Springfield.
We could have done a ride share. It would have been environmentally correct but it would have cut into the minimum wage structure so it would have been politically and socially incorrect. We were weighing the correctness of it all when Riggs drove up. 
“Sorry,” he gasped as he held out his hand to Mona to collect a fare slip. “Henry needed some kid’s mother run up to the hospital. I put it on the trip sheet, but it was an emergency so I didn’t call in.”
“Sokay,” mumbled Mona. “What happened?”
“Some kid got beat up out on the bike trail and they needed parental permission to go into his innards. Your sweet butt lieutenant brought him in. He didn’t look like a happy camper, your lieutenant. He sent me to get the mama since I had just dropped off at the hospital and he figured it would be faster than rounding up a squad car.”
“Is the kid okay?” Knowing the kid’s status might help me approach Jon in the least destructive way possible in the evening. I still didn’t know how I was going to handle whatever Lucille was cooking up.
“Henry thinks he will be.”
“Okay, enough for later. Get scrambling.” Mona handed Riggs a fare slip and went back inside.
We each went to our separate cabs and caravanned out of the lot. My pick-up was at Hampshire Heights. Belle had gone off to another, newer subsidized housing complex a few miles away, and Henry had headed for the College. 
My guy was ready when I arrived and he hustled out to the cab. He was a short, paunchy man in his early thirties. His jeans were too tight around the waist and looked like he might pop the top button, but who was I to judge? His jacket sort of covered the doughnut of fat. Tossing his briefcase onto the backseat, he joined it and buckled up. After one “Hi, how ya doin?” elicited a sour grunt, I decided my passenger wasn’t the talkative type.
Belle was right on my bumper when I pulled up in front of the train station. We both got out and held our respective doors for the respective clients. Belle’s passenger was younger than mine, Hispanic, with long flowing hair pulled into a ponytail and tats covering his arms. He wore blue jeans with a short-sleeved shirt untucked and hanging below his rear end. Yanking his knapsack out, he turned to go inside. 
That was when he spotted my customer. “You, mutha’ fucker. What you doin’ here?”
My fare turned and apparently recognized the kid because his hand went to the back of his pants where a weapon was stuffed, straining between his muffin-top and his belt. 
I dove into the recently vacated backseat. Apparently Belle’s fare was also armed because I heard the first gunshot coming from his direction. 
Then I heard Belle’s screech. “You asshole, you just blew out my eardrum.”
Then I heard the return fire right next to my head. My customer had finally pried his weapon free.
“My jacket.” Belle’s voice was taking on a belligerent tone, maybe combined with an adrenaline rush. “You shot a hole in my special puffy sleeve. You gonna pay for that.”
I peeked over the seat as Belle laid her fare out with a hard right fist to the jaw. As he hit the pavement headfirst, she charged toward my cab and my passenger. He was too surprised to react, and she leveled him with a full body tackle. His head hit the car door and he slithered down the side of the cab to the sidewalk. Belle stood up and began to examine the hole in her jacket.
“Damn, I really liked this jacket.”
Other train passengers had scattered at the first “mutha fucker.” Anyone traveling through Springfield knew how to read signs of trouble and knew to duck and run. They also knew to call for help. I heard the sirens coming as Belle shoved my customer away from the cab with her foot. No dent! I was thrilled.




Chapter Four

After the Springfield police hauled away the combatants and filled out enough paperwork to run the federal government for thirty seconds, I found out that both our passengers were gang members, unfortunately not from the same gang, so it wasn’t a nice family reunion. Turf was at stake. Belonging to a gang wasn’t grounds for a trip to lockup but discharging a weapon in proximity to public buildings was. One of the bullets had taken a chip off the stone façade of the train station, so defacing public property was probably added to the charges. No one said anything about Belle’s puffy sleeve jacket. The tension was exhausting. 
It was time for a coffee break. I called Mona and she told me to take my break closer to home where I might not get shot. Since she had no rides at the moment, Belle could continue to fuss over her bullet-riddled jacket. She pulled it off and wiggled a finger into the hole. 
We were getting ready to head home when Riggs pulled up. His fare was a college professor complete with leather patches on his tweed jacket, a copy of Trout Fishing in America tucked under his arm, spectacles and a short beard. He looked like a centerfold for Academic Monthly. He tipped well and wasn’t packing a weapon. I might need to start pulling seniority when claiming fares.
Belle was still examining her jacket when Riggs sidled over to look at it. 
“Looks like a bullet hole,” he said, running a finger around the edge. “See the way it’s burned there?”
“Oh yeah, both our fares are on their way to lockup for discharging a weapon. I guess that explains why a perfectly good new puffy sleeve got charred to a crisp.” She stared sadly at the sleeve. “Maybe a stitch right here.” She pulled at two sides of the hole.
“Lockup? What the hell happened?”
We related the gang-oriented shootout to Riggs. He didn’t look as surprised as I thought he would.
“So how was your guy?” 
At least our fares had paid before they started slinging lead, even if they didn’t tip, Cool Rides wouldn’t get burned for the cash flow.
“We definitely have a Kevin Bacon separation here.”
“Who?”
“That theory that everyone is connected to Kevin Bacon or anyone else by six degrees of separation or less. You both gave rides to gang bangers. My guy is a sociology prof at the state University. He’s studying the implications of tribal behavior in the modern western social order and civilization.”
“Gangs,” growled Belle, poking at the hole. “Maybe some glue?”
“He wants to come observe Cool Rides company at the garage.”
“What for? We’re not tribal.”
“Gangs,” Belle repeated. “Maybe a tiny bit of duct tape? I bet they make it in this color.” She brushed a singed corner of the bullet hole.
“Depends on your definition of gang,” said Riggs.
“Every gang doesn’t need to be bad or violent or anti-social,” said Belle. “The duct tape could go on the inside. Might not even show.”
“What’d you tell him about coming to Cool Rides?” I asked Riggs.
“Call Mona. I wasn’t going to step into that hornet’s nest. But I did get his email address.” Riggs laughed and opened his cab door.
“No rides at the moment. Join us for coffee?” I asked him.
We went back to Northampton mostly because we knew the lay of the land and where the best coffee hung out, also where the least weaponry might unexpectedly appear. We chose Woodstar for its over-the-top mocha and because Riggs likes the name. The Woodstar hummingbird frequently nests in the coffee bushes, thus the name and the hope that there weren’t any baby hummers mixed into the coffee. In a never-before-seen miracle, there were three parking spaces in front of the cafe. We pulled in and the street now looked like the Cool Rides parking lot.
When we were all caffeine supplied, me with a small skinny cafe mocha with whip and chocolate sprinkles, Belle with her salted caramel macchiato, extra caramel, extra whip and Riggs with a small black coffee, plain, we trooped outside and leaned against the cabs, blissfully sipping.
“I think Lucille may be harboring a fugitive,” I said.
“I wouldn’t put it past her, especially if it’s Jonny Depp playing John Dillinger.” Belle smiled. “I caught it on the tube last night with Carlton. We agreed to disagree about Mr. Dillinger.”
“Since the real Mr. Dillinger is long dead and Mr. Depp is anywhere from Hollywood to Paris but not Northampton, why and who do you think Lucille might be harboring?” asked Riggs.
“My guess is Tomas. It’s someone with a big appetite. She’s doing the grocery, cooking, mystery thing.”
“You telling Jon?” asked Belle, ever on the look-out for the law.
“I haven’t decided. I don’t even know for sure Tomas is there. At least he’s safe if he’s at Lucille’s. No one knows he’s there so no one will take any pot shots at him.”
“Your lieutenant may be a tad put out if you don’t tell him,” said Riggs.
“Uh hunh,” I said. “It’s still the safest place for Tomas. If Jon knows, he’ll have to take him into custody. Blam!” I waved my arms at Riggs. “The kid already got shot once while in custody.”
We were considering the conundrum of Terry and Tomas when a woman strolled by checking out the taxis. They did make quite a statement lined up together with their super graphics, checkerboards and flames. 
“Your company looking for drivers?”
“You?” I asked.
“Yeah,” she said. 
I looked her over. She was maybe thirty-ish, blondish hair pulled into a loose ponytail, bluish eyes, five feet six-ish. Everything about her was ish. She would have made a good spy or an undercover cop. 
“You married, in any kind of relationship?” asked Belle.
“Nope. Why? You lookin’?”
“No, but this job is hell on commitment. Twenty-four seven, that’s us,” Belle said. 
“You got any kids?” I asked.
“Pets?” asked Riggs.
“Plants?” I added, suddenly realizing that each of us was involved with people who were equally twenty-four seven—a cop, a judge and an ER doc. Did we subconsciously choose someone who would be exposed to the same crazy people and irregular hours as we were? Workin’ nine to five? Ha, they didn’t know how lucky they were. I handed the woman a card with all the Cool Rides information. 
“No, no and no, children, pets or plants,” she replied.
“Stop by the garage and talk to Mona. We got five cars and three and a half drivers.” I considered Willie a half driver because he mostly took care of the cars, filled in for Mona on dispatch and ran the business. 
“Thanks,” she said and trotted off in the direction of Cool Rides.
“What do you think?” I asked, turning to Belle and Riggs.
“Mona needs at least one more driver,” said Belle.
“We’ll get the skinny on her when we get back,” said Riggs.
We all sucked the last of the caffeine out of our cups and drove back to the garage. Mona was standing outside when Riggs and I drove up. Belle had decided to check out the latest shoes in one of the uptown stores.
Mona looked sort of happy. That was a combination of happy face and the trepidation of a mother sending her kid off to his first day of school. “Willie is out test driving a new possible. She just walked in. Said she saw the cabs uptown. You all have anything to do with that?”
“The sort of ish woman?” asked Riggs.
“Hey, yeah, that sort of describes her.” 
We were about to go inside to the “driver’s lounge” when Belle screeched her cab to a stop in the parking lot. She got out and slammed the door.
“Alternate universe, space out time! People just don’t know what’s goin’ down around ’em, no sense of physical proximity,” she said, stomping over to us.
“Uh oh. What Northampton moment did you experience?” I asked, but my mind was on Lucille, Terry, Tomas and whether Jon knew what was going on next door. I suspected he did and hadn’t figured out how to handle it.
“I was just leaning against my cab, in front of the Pasta! Restaurant, watching those less beautiful and intelligent than myself parade by when a tall, skinny, very drunk idiot asked for a ride to the liquor store. I, in accordance with company policy, refused to allow an intoxicated person into the cab.”
“Actually, company policy is that you have to clean up after any clients no matter what they do and we all know what someone that smashed is going to do. It ain’t pretty,” said Riggs.
“Yeah, well, I just don’t let ’em near me or my automobile. Anyway, this guy starts waving his arms around, screaming about the Lord God Almighty, the Son, the Father, the Holy Ghost, Buddha, Krishna and a few other high and mighty personages that I never heard of and then he yelled at me that I was doomed to a bad place.”
“Aren’t we all,” I observed.
“So then, there’s this guy wandering along the sidewalk, looking up, trying to find a hair salon on the second floor, not watching where he’s going and a woman screaming into her cell phone, which is on some sort of video app. The boozed-up preacher comes to a really important part of his rant, throws out his arms, connects with the guy looking for a haircut, who staggers into the cell phone lady who trips into a waiter with a plate full of marinara sauce. Boom, the karma of the universe all comes together, and phone lady walks into a light post, hits her head, passes out and gets doused with some really good-looking red sauce.”
“What a waste. I know that sauce. Henry and I ate there the other day. It is sooo good! We are talking the real thing.”
“Anyway, the phone lady wakes up, sees tomato paste and screams that she’s bleeding because she’s been attacked in the riot the black people started and where is Fox News.” Belle paused and shook her head. “I look around and notice that I’m black, the inebriated preacher is black, the haircut guy is black, and the waiter is black. The phone lady is white. How often is that gonna happen in lily white Northampton?” 
“What did you do?” I asked, only briefly considering my lily whiteness and how I might feel surrounded by black faces. I decided that, at least in Northampton, I would worry more about what kind of gang tats they had than the color of their skin. In South Boston or anywhere in Springfield, it might be different. 
“I got in my cab and left. Figured someone else could call the cops. One less black face wasn’t gonna make any difference to phony phone lady.”
“Good executive decision,” said Riggs, and we all went inside.
“So, how you doin’, white girl?” Belle slung an arm around my shoulder. 
I think she was worried that the gun play at the train station had freaked me. It had, but possibly not the way she was worried about. Both combatants had come from Northampton and that was new. I understood that kind of violence in medium and larger cities. These guys had come from our home turf. And that concerned all of us, but that was a discussion for someone with more power to change it than a lowly taxi driver. I circled Belle’s waist with my own arm.
“I’m fine, black woman. And I ain’t no girl!”
“Sho’ nuff and good stuff.” She grinned. “What we got to make me some shoe spending cash?” she asked Mona.
Mona held up five pieces of paper. “Take your pick. Nothing great, nothing awful. You can divvy ’em up however you want.”
Belle grabbed all five slips and did a quick read through. 
“Huh. All local, all shoppers. That means lugging lots of bags.” She held the slips spread out like a poker hand. “Pick a card,” she said.
I took my favorite senior citizens to the bike trail again. No packages to lug, but I tried to provide an arm to lean on so they didn’t break any bones before they got on the tricycles. The ninety-six-year-old was still trying to convince the ninety-year-old to give it up and stay away from the two wheelers.
“They got plenty of fancy trikes that go just as fast as the bikes, so get over it and you might not fall on your head.”
“I don’t look sexy on a tricycle. A bicycle makes me look ten years younger and twenty pounds lighter.” She was in her skinny spandex shorts and tube tank top.
I left them to argue about how to look sexy at ninety.
When I got back to the garage Mona told me that Lucille wanted a ride in the morning to go grocery shopping. I could drop Terry off at school and Lucille at shopping then make a train station run while she stocked up on cookie supplies. I went back, picked up the ninety-whatever-year-olds at the bike trail and dropped them at the retirement home, still discussing the merits of looking hot or cool on a tricycle when the ninety-year-old men didn’t seem to notice.
“Besides, all the tricycles have those square seats. Bicycles, on the other hand, have that wonderful pointy seat that extends between your legs so that if you sit just so...” She trailed off with a smile on her face.
I left them and took the cab to Jon’s house.
Jon was sprawled on his extra-long couch watching the news on his big screen TV. The usual chaos was happening in the rest of the world and our little corner was trying to keep up. Springfield had three fatal shootings, Holyoke had a sizable drug bust and little Northampton had the disappearance of one suspected convenience store robber. That one didn’t make it past the local news and only merited a single line at that.
“You wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?” Jon looked me over carefully and settled on my eyes. His stare wasn’t quite cop but it wasn’t seduction either.
“How anxious are you to find him?”
He reached up and pulled me down to sit next to him. “I don’t need to find him. I know where he is and he’s probably safer there than anywhere we could put him. I’ll talk to Lucille in the morning. What I asked is what you know about his whereabouts.”
“Maybe as much as you, but I ain’t talkin’.”
“Didn’t think you would,” said Jon and his eyes turned softer. “I need to figure out who’s after him before I try to move him. For now, I’ll consider Lucille’s space a safe house.”
“I’m taking Lucille shopping tomorrow morning. You could talk to him then.”
“Deal.” Jon pulled me closer and we made it to the bedroom a few hours later.

The next morning Jon told me he would call later and make a time for a conversation with Lucille and, hopefully, Tomas. He needed to go to cop central and talk to some of his contacts in Springfield and Holyoke. When he knew more about the gang situation he would take on the Tomas problem. He gave me a tantalizing kiss goodbye and headed out.
I was lingering alone over a second cup of coffee when I heard a crash next door. Lucille makes noise when she takes a shot at the local rabbit population during one of their frequent garden raids, but, even then, she uses a silencer. Another crash got me up and interested. I had keys to Lucille’s side of the two-family Victorian so I could do safety checks. Most people, seniors especially, want to look good when their dead bodies are found and that means regular check-ups by someone who cares. I was Lucille’s appointed person to make sure her body didn’t lie around, bloat up and start to disintegrate if her heart came to a screeching halt. So, I started at the top lock, but it took what seemed like hours to get all five open. 
There was another crash as I popped the door and stepped inside.
Lucille was fastened to a kitchen chair with about five miles of duct tape. It was Day-Glo pink and my first thought was that it matched her bra-holster which she wasn’t wearing but which I had seen enough of to know the shocking color. 
“What the hell’s going on?” I looked around frantically for the joker who might have done this to a person as well armed as Lucille.
“Mmmmuuuph,” she said.
There was a plate of almond oatmeal cookies on the floor, which accounted for one of the crashes. I started throwing open drawers frantically and finally, grabbing a serrated bread knife, I sawed Lucille out of her cocoon, starting with her mouth. 
Releasing her mouth before the rest of her might have been a mistake. Since she still couldn’t move her arms or legs, she used her vocal cords.
“Goddamn cock-sucking bastards. I’ll have their mother-fucking skins nailed to a brick wall before this day is done! I’ll remove any foreskins they might have with a rusty salad fork and scoop their testicles with a melon-baller.” Lucille screamed, struggling to get her arms free as I chopped at the leg restraints. Her Debby Reynolds smile was gone but her little old lady voice pulled new meaning out of her words. 
“Who and why?” I asked.
“They took Terry and Tomas. They’re from some new Mexican gang, staying in Holyoke, recruiting twelve- to fifteen-year olds. They need locals to help them assess the market, move product and avoid the cops and just be generally smarter than they are. Tomas fit the bill and they assumed no one would give a good goddamn rat’s ass about a kid from the foster system. That’s how they do it where they come from, so that’s how they’re doing it here. They think kidnapping is their most effective recruitment method.”
“How do you know all this?” I asked.
“Junior year and summers in Mexico. I understood everything they said but they didn’t know that. And we should start with the emergency rooms. One of them may have a slight wound in his leg, or maybe not so slight.” As she spoke, Lucille was pulling armament out of her kitchen drawers and cupboards. She had put on and filled her bra-holster, slipped into a shoulder holster, ramming her Glock into that, strapped on her ankle holster and wrapped a knife sheath around her thigh. When every weapon was properly placed, she turned to look at me. 
I just stared.
“I understand that Jon needs to do things his way. I will not interfere with that. But I will conduct my own investigation as well. And I will need transportation. Possibly back-up.”
“Uh huh,” I said, not sure of my role in it all. “What did they look like?”
“Ski-masks. One very tall and thin, one short and stocky, one half-way between and two that were average and hung back. Lots of firepower and not too many brains. Which is why they only have one leg wound between all of them. They broke in a window at four o’clock this morning and got to the boys before I could get loaded up. I only got off one shot before they got my gun away, but I made it count. So there is a walking wounded out there.”
“Would he go to an emergency room?” I asked. 
“Possibly, but more likely they’ll just clean house themselves. Which means pull the bullet out or put another one through his tiny little brain.” Lucille was at the door. “I’ll need to make use of the taxi all day. I’ll pay the daily rate if you could call Mona and make those arrangements. If Belle is available, I’ll pay for the special circumstances. Fortunately for us, they were too stupid to search the house for other weapons.” 
Lucille was referring to our policy of providing an extra driver for people with need of extra assistance. She paused and looked back at me. “Oh, don’t be such a pussy. Everything I’ve got is legal. Except the silencer and I didn’t take that. I’ve got every permit and then some.” 
“I’m not being a pussy! Well, maybe. But mostly I’m thinking you might want to change your clothes.”
“Well, fuck!” Lucille said in her best Betty White voice, looking down at her flannel pajamas with a full load of weaponry strapped to cute yellow and pink duckies. 
Fifteen minutes later Lucille had hired the taxi and two drivers for a full day fare. Belle would ride shotgun. Lucille was dressed in loose, old lady slacks, covering the ankle holster and the thigh knife, and a long, loose, shirt which hid the shoulder and bra holsters. Her oversized bag, filled with extra ammo, a sap and some brass knuckles was slung over her shoulder. She tilted a little to that side.
We finished locking up and headed out to the taxi. We would pick up Belle at her apartment, avoiding the need to explain the plan, if we had one, to Mona or Willie.
“So, what did you do in Mexico for your junior year?” I asked as we drove off.
“I convinced Mexicans to come across the border to work with the complete blessing and encouragement of the U.S. Government. But those were different times. World War II you know,” said Lucille, settling into the back seat. 
I was relieved that Belle would ride shotgun. Lucille tended to slam ghost brakes and mash non-existent accelerators to the floor when she rode in front. And being in back let her load up all the guns without being obvious to any cars that happened to pull up next to us at a traffic light.
We swung to the curb in front of Belle’s place and she sashayed her chocolate brown self out to the cab. She had dressed down somewhat with a pair of black cargo pants and a silver sequined sleeveless spandex top. She had iridescent blue lace-up sneakers with silver laces to match her top. Her oversized bag involved more glitter.
“So, where we all goin’ and why did you need my lovely ass to help out?” Belle turned around to say hello to Lucille. “Holy mother of God, what are we doing?” She was watching Lucille load up the protection.
“Going to Holyoke,” Lucille replied calmly.
“Oh, well, that explains why you’re better armed than most governments. I mean, I’m up for it. But you might hint at what we need to accomplish when we get there.”
“One of the gangs kidnapped Terry and Tomas.”
“You are shittin’ me. Do they got any idea who they’re dealing with?” Belle was slipping into her street language as we approached the highway down to Holyoke. She could speak the Queen’s high English, American English, street talk from the gutter up, or she could just be silent for as long as she felt necessary. She was a master of the subtleties of language, both body and spoken. I think she understood Spanish as well. I felt linguistically challenged in her presence.
Lucille tried on her old lady, dim-witted smile, adopted a slightly southern accent and jammed a full load into the Glock. 
“Why, Ah just don’t know what you are talkin’ about.” She checked the knife sheath. “Terry is a very resourceful young man and I’m sure he knows we will come after him,” she added.
“Speaking of which,” said Belle, “do we have some sort of resourceful plan? Or are we just wingin’ it? Do we know where these dudes are hangin’?”
“Oh, yes. I have an address. Intelligence isn’t one of their virtues. They just nattered on about how they were going to take over the entire city of Holyoke and then proceed up the interstate to Northampton from their headquarters on the west side of the city.”
“Nattered on?” I mumbled.
“It has exactly the right connotation of air for brains and loose mouth muscles,” replied Lucille. “We can proceed to the west side of Holyoke.”
“And what might the master plan be?” asked Belle.
“It would be a mistress plan, as most masters couldn’t come up with one like mine, and I need to check my supplies first to see if we need to stop at Home Depot or any other common outlet.” Lucille continued to unload her oversized bag. Besides extra ammunition, she took out hand-cuffs, both quick release in purple fuzz and regular police issue, two cans of no longer commercially available mace, brass knuckles, rope, duct tape, bungee cords, a length of chain and a padlock. Last, she pulled out two bottles of water and a large seal-tight bag of cookies.
“They may be dehydrated or have low blood sugar when we get to them. These are chocolate chunk, macadamia nut, raisin, oatmeal with a glaze of raspberry across the top. If that doesn’t revive them, nothing will.” Lucille tried on her vacant smile again.
“Uh, how many of those you got in there?” asked Belle.
Lucille opened the plastic bag and handed two cookies forward. “I’ll need to save the rest.”
We got off the highway at the Holyoke exit and headed south. We passed a series of abandoned warehouses, a few boarded up stores and a less than thriving main drag. A mega-mall had set up shop off the highway outside of the city some years ago and basically stripped Holyoke of its downtown commercial district. I adjusted my speed so that I could slow for traffic lights without actually stopping. Coming to a complete halt would only invite interest from people we might not want to talk to. 
As we progressed south, the feeling of emptiness increased.
“So, what’re we lookin’ for?” Belle turned in her seat, directing this to Lucille.
Lucille dug around in her bag and produced a cell phone. “This,” she said, passing it forward.
“Holy shit! These are the guys?”
“Terry had the presence of mind to take these photos and send them to my phone before he was forced into the truck. His phone has stopped generating his position, so I assume they had the basic intelligence to destroy it.”
Belle held up two photos of an old and rusted crew cab truck. To the side of the crew door, a tall thin man was pushing Tomas into the back. The angle of the photo meant Terry was being pushed around to the other side of the truck when he took it. The other photo was of the front of the truck.
“You can zero in and get a partial plate but I’m sure it’s stolen. There’s not a prayer that rust bucket would pass inspection in this state and it looks like a Massachusetts plate to me.”
“We could call the cops and let them handle it with this much information.”
“The police have significantly more restrictions than we do. I intend to get my son back without waiting for a search warrant.” Lucille plucked the phone from Belle’s fingers and settled back in the seat. 
“We’re getting into gang territory. You got any ideas about which gang might have swiped the kids?” asked Belle.
“Oh, yes. They were quite talkative when they were too stupid to think that I might understand what they were saying. These thugs are new to the territory. That’s why they’re so anxious to recruit. The Holyoke, Springfield market is pretty well sewed up so they’re moving north. They want a piece of the growing heroin trade up here. Quite lucrative apparently. But first they need to get some middle-school and high-school age kids on the outskirts of the organization. They went after Tomas because, to quote one of the assholes, ‘Who’ll give a fuck?’ One of them wanted to shoot me but the guy in charge said, and again I quote, ‘What’s one stupid old fuckin’ broad gonna do?’ although that is a loose translation. I, on the other hand, will not hesitate to shoot the fucking thugs when I meet them.”
“Yup,” said Belle. “They got no idea who that old fuckin’ broad is. This is gonna be fun!”
I wasn’t so sure fun was the word I would use to describe going into Holyoke with no battle plan.
“Where do you want me to go?” I asked Lucille, doubt creeping into my voice.
“We’re already in gang territory. Let’s start with a drive around looking for that truck.”
Given that driving was my job, I didn’t object. Lucille’s dime, so I kept worries to myself and drove. The street layout in Holyoke was relatively simple and we were working our way through the south side of the network of canals that were created for mills in the 1800s. The canals are now owned by the city and actually generate electricity. They also create an informal beginning to the area of gang activity.
As I pulled around a corner an aging truck screeched in front of me. A hub cap bounced off the back wheel and rolled down the street. Another piece of sheet metal crashed to the pavement and slid between my tires. Belle leaned out the window to make an obscene gesture to the driver and I realized it was THE truck. 
“Get your ass back in here before you draw someone’s fire, and check the license plate on those guys,” barked Lucille. She was in her “I’m in charge here” mode.
She passed a smart phone up to Belle who held up the photo of the decrepit truck. 
“Right truck, wrong plate. They must have switched it out.”
“There’s no one in it except the driver and one guy in the front passenger seat,” I said. 
“Stay with the fuckers,” Lucille replied demurely. 
After a few blocks, they must have suspected something because they sped up and began evasive maneuvers.
“Shit, we been made,” muttered Belle.
Lucille leaned forward. “I don’t care. They’re just dumb enough to drive to the holding point. It’s going to be close by.”
Suddenly the truck swerved to the middle of the street. The passenger door flew open and something was tossed out onto the pavement. I yanked the steering wheel and managed to avoid the flopping yellow ball of fur.
“Holy shit, they threw a puppy out of a truck at...” Belle leaned over and checked my speedometer. “Forty miles an hour. What kind of monsters are these guys?” screeched Belle. “Stop the car, hold the cab, lemme out. I gotta go get that sweet baby.”
I slowed down and Belle made a flying dismount from the passenger seat. Fortunately her iridescent blue sneakers weren’t high heeled. She managed to make a graceful landing without breaking any ankles. I rolled to a stop and Lucille and I turned around to see Belle galloping down the boulevard, glitter flashing, toward the dog. The dog sat on the side of the road looking stunned but not as flat as I would have anticipated.
“Those fuckers knew that we’d stop. They did that just for us. So let’s get that creature in here and keep looking. They won’t have gone far.” Lucille was vibrating with anger. 
Not a good sign for the bad guys.
Belle scooped the bedraggled dog off the edge of the road and charged back to the car. She opened the hatch-back and shoved the dirt encrusted creature into the space behind the seat. It sat looking disoriented but not discouraged.
We drove aimlessly around Holyoke for another hour with no sign of the rust bucket. Whenever I glanced in the rear-view all I saw was a fuzzy head with sorrowful brown eyes and long ears. The puppy was behind the back seat with its head resting next to Lucille’s shoulder. Every once in a while, a huge paw would appear next to the head-rest. Finally it emitted a loud sigh and disappeared from my view. There was a thud so it must have lain down.
I decided to ask Lucille, again, about the possibility that the police could be more effective in finding the truck than we were. “Jon might give you a hard time, but he has a lot of reasons to find Tomas and he likes Terry.” I wasn’t sure that last part was true, but I didn’t think he didn’t like Terry. He just hadn’t had much interaction with him. 
“Well, I need to do some thinking. We will take the fur covered child to the vet and get it a makeover. I will think about the possibility of interacting with police while we do that.”
I turned the cab around and headed back up the interstate. I pulled off and we headed to the veterinarian’s office. Since Mona had said okay to Belle and me spending the day with Lucille, I figured we could wait for the puppy and then head to Lucille’s house. She wouldn’t be as stingy with the cookies when she had the unending supply from her freezer.
The vet looked the puppy over carefully, gave it a shot, told us it was pretty clear of fleas, hosed off the dirt it had rolled around in during its flight from the truck and took out a wand. She looked at us suspiciously the whole time she was working on the puppy.
“Where’d you find this guy?” she finally asked. 
“He was tossed out of a truck in front of us. The truck kept going so we stopped and picked him up. Those fuckers oughta be shot for hurting this poor little cutie.” Belle was nose to nose with “cutie” when an enormous tongue came out and cleaned out her nostrils. “Aw, I think I’m in love. Too bad my landlord won’t let me bring him home.”
The vet ran the wand over the dog. “It doesn’t have any ID chip, so I can’t tell you where it came from.”
“What should we know if we were thinking about keeping it?” I asked, realizing too late that I had nowhere to put it either. Lucille was staring off into space. I knew that thousand-mile stare. It meant that she was planning everything from what shoes would be the right fashion statement in a firefight to what kind of weaponry should be attached to her person versus stored in her bag.
“That depends what you intend to do with him. Unless you have the papers, you can’t demand much of a stud fee so you might want to nip the nads before he gets too much bigger. He’s past the six-month standard date. But I can tell you that this dog is from championship stock. Someone might report him missing. I can send out a notice to all the area vets.”
“Championship? Wow. Yeah, we should try to find out where he came from, I guess.” 
We all looked a little disappointed.
“Well,” said Lucille, coming back from her trance. “We must get going now, so let’s get whatever we need as a starter kit for this small monster.” She pulled out her VISA card and slapped it on the counter.
“He is going to be a big boy. He’s a Golden Retriever, or he will be soon enough,” said the vet as she piled two bowls, a 50 pound bag of food, a retractable leash with a plastic bag dispenser for when the food came out the other end, a collar, some vitamin pills, a brush, toe nail clippers for dogs, a toothbrush, a bag of treats and, on top of the pile, a bill with her card attached. 
I peeked over and was happy that it was Lucille’s credit card. Mine would have bounced all the way out the door and most of the way to the bank.
We trundled out and loaded the puppy gear into the back of the cab. Dog was now forced to sit next to Lucille. He flopped down on the seat and put his head in her lap.
I drove to Jon’s house where we unloaded all the gear and hid it behind the kitchen counter. We took Dog, two bowls and some food next door to Lucille’s half of the house and settled in for cookies and some profound planning.
We were considering police involvement when my phone rang.
“Where are you and is Lucille with you? I need to talk to Tomas. We have some leads about gang movement and a dead gang member.” It was Jon and he sounded a little tense.
“Woof,” said Dog.
“What was that?” Jon’s voice changed to mildly alarmed.
“I burped. Too many cookies.”
“Let me talk to Lucille.”
I handed the phone over and waited for the explosion.
“Jonny, you should come over here. We have some problems to discuss.”
I could hear Jon on the other end, talking loudly, but not yet shouting.
“I know you have Tomas there. We need to talk.”
“Jonny, Terry and Tomas have been kidnapped. So, yes, I need to assess the situation and I’d like your input.”
And I wanted to know about the dead gang member.
“Shit!” There was no mistaking Jon’s feelings now.
“We have a picture of the vehicle. I’m sending it to your phone now. They’ve switched the license plate but I’m sending another photo with the plate that was on it when we picked it up in Holyoke,” said Lucille.
“You picked it up in Holyoke? And they got away?” Jon’s voice rose a notch in volume.
“We got distracted.”
“You were one of the best trackers in FBI history. Did a bomb go off next to you? They have a mortar launcher?”
“Did you get the photo?” Lucille had decided to keep the high-speed puppy distraction for another time. Jon wasn’t ready to hear about Dog yet.
“Yeah, and you’re gonna love this. Holyoke has the vehicle. I have their crime scene photos on my phone and guess where they found the body,” said Jon.
“Oh, dear,” muttered Lucille.
“Yup, under a tarp in the back of the truck. Double tap to the back of the head. Looks like we either have some internal clean-up or inter-gang disagreement. Either way Holyoke has trouble brewing. And I don’t want it coming up the interstate.”
“We need to find Terry and Tomas soon.” Lucille’s voice was shaky. 
“And I need to talk to you about how they were taken. And did I mention that the dead guy had a non-fatal leg wound? No? I’d love to know how that got there.”
“Oh, dear.” Again.
“I’ll be there shortly. Do not move! Honey, that means you too.”
“Woof.”
“What was that?”
“I dropped a cookie on the floor. A batch that has gone stale. They fall harder when they get older. I should know about that.” Lucille threw a cookie to the floor and it landed with a splat. Dog looked at it but didn’t move. Lucille took a treat out and handed it to him. He scarfed it down and flopped to the floor, put his head on his paws and stared up at us with mournful eyes.
“I’m outta here,” said Belle. 
“He told us to stay here.”
“No, he told you and Lucy here to stay. I ain’t no dog and I don’t stay put for cops. Never happened before and no reason to start now.” Belle sang the words and started unlocking the door. She disappeared and I heard the cab start up. 
I looked at the counter where I had dropped the keys. They were gone. I was without wheels.
“Put the puppy in the back room, would you, dear. We really must come up with a name for him. Dog isn’t interesting enough.”
I guided Dog into the bedroom and closed the door. I heard a loud sigh, which seemed to be his communication of choice, and a thump as he lay down.
Five minutes later I heard Jon pull into the driveway. Lucille flipped back the one lock she had closed after Belle left.
“They didn’t find the bullet, but it clipped his kneecap. He wouldn’t have been able to walk very far. Should I be looking for the bullet in a wall somewhere? Like over there?” Jon said without preamble and pointed to the wall next to the table. He walked straight to the hole and the embedded projectile.
“Hi, Jon,” I said.
“I didn’t have time to remove it. When Honey found me, I was somewhat restrained and in a hurry to find the boys. I wasn’t going to hang around looking for evidence.”
“Evidence? This is incriminating! You didn’t report it! You can’t keep shooting people, even bad guys, and not telling me.”
“They were invading my home. And they took my children!”
“Woof.”
“That wasn’t a cookie falling on the floor. What’s going on?”
“Woof, woof.”
Lucille nodded to me. I walked to the bedroom door and opened it to see Dog sitting there, looking mournful again. Then he spotted Jon and bounded out, down the hall and headfirst into Jon’s shins. He took two trips around Jon’s feet, lowered his butt onto Jon’s shoes and stared up at Jon’s astonished face.
“Who’s this and how did it get here? And what does it have to do with dead gang members?”
“Dog is why we lost track of the truck. They tossed him out of the truck and Belle started screaming and I stopped to pick up the puppy and the truck disappeared.”
“Belle?”
Shit! Nothing gets by a cop.
“She, ah, she had to get the cab back to Cool Rides.”
“Whatever. Let’s go over this home invasion.”
“It was early this morning and I would have called you, but I was duct taped to the kitchen chair. Those men will pay for that. It was very undignified.”
“Apparently one of them already has paid for it.” Jon was absently stroking Dog’s ears. I was afraid Dog might melt but he seemed determined to keep his head at stroking level.
“Tell me about the men.”
“Spoke Mexican Spanish, decided not to shoot me because I reminded one of them—the tall skinny one—of his grandmother whom he adored. The other man, short and fat, hated his grandmother and really wanted to put one in my ear. Since I am still here, I would surmise that the tall skinny one was in charge. In any event, I shot the short fat one.”
“So there were two of them?”
“No, there were two and three more who stayed by the door and there may have been a sixth one who was driving the truck. Terry managed to get a photo of the truck and send it to my phone before they took his cell away. He is such a smart young man.”
“Tell me what they said to each other. I assume you understood them.”
“Yes, yes, I did.” Lucille went into her in-a-galaxy-far-away stare for a few seconds. Jon knew her well enough to keep quiet and let her remember.
“They are new in Holyoke and are in competition with La Familia and with the Kings which are both well established and the gangs to join if you’re a young man looking to be upwardly mobile. Which leaves these new people with very few recruits. That’s why they wanted Terry and Tomas. They assumed that two teenagers from the system—and they knew Tomas was a foster child—wouldn’t be missed. They intend to recruit by force, which can be very persuasive.”
“How did they know about Tomas?”
“I’m not certain, but from what they said, they have someone inside the foster care system or access to information about it. That actually is a smart move, more than I would have expected from these men. They did not strike me as terribly bright.”
“Bright enough to get into this house at night and get two kids out.”
“I was caught unprepared, I will admit. I didn’t know anything about these people and simply wasn’t expecting such a maneuver. And, I’d like to remind you, one of them paid dearly for the attack.”
“How did they get in?” I thought about the locks on the doors and wondered just how smart or stupid these guys were.
“They cut a very large hole in the back window. It’s amazing that they planned well enough to bring a glasscutter. It makes me certain there was someone else doing the planning. They boosted the smallest guy through, and he opened the locks. I got out here just as they were bringing Terry out of his bedroom. I nailed one of them but by that time, they had a gun at Terry’s head.” Lucille looked at the damaged window. “I will get those fuckers and I will use a glass guillotine to shorten parts of their anatomy.”
“We’ll find Terry and Thomas,” said Jon. He walked over and examined the cut window. “Meantime, I’ll get someone out here today to fix that. I’m thinking about installing iron bars as long as you live here.” Dog had followed Jon to the window and let out a little whine. “Yeah, the dog is probably a good idea too. Wonder if we could teach him to be a watch dog.” 
As we pondered that possibility, Dog exhaled loudly and flopped to the floor. Sleep seemed to be his primary modus operandi. Attack wasn’t in his vocabulary. He groaned, rolled onto his side and closed his eyes. 
There was a sound outside the front door as the postman shoved mail into the box. Dog opened one eye, sighed and went back to sleep.
Jon stared down at him. “I’m going next door and checking in with Holyoke, see what they have on the truck. Maybe they’ll let our guys take a look at it. I’ll give them a general description of Terry and Tomas.”
Dog had opened both eyes and almost raised his head. One ear wiggled. Jon went to the door and Dog was up and after him faster than fleas jumping off after a chemical attack.
“Nope, you’re their problem,” he said, pointed in my direction and closed the door in the puppy’s face.
“Woof!”
“Maybe we should name him Oz. He seems to still be in Kansas.” Dog stared at the door, willing Jon to reenter. “I don’t think he gets that he was abused by those idiots,” I said.
“Oz could be short for Chaos. He certainly has had that in his short life,” added Lucille.
Oz the dog let out a series of high-pitched yips. His voice hadn’t changed yet and if we had his balls chopped it might not. He bowed in front of the door, folded himself down onto his haunches and continued his vigil.
When it reopened and Jon came through, Oz the dog went into a paroxysm of wiggling joy. His tail pumped the air as he ran in circles around Jon’s legs. He jumped and bowed and rolled onto his back, exposing a soft white belly in hopes of rubs.
Jon looked down. “What’s the matter with him?”
“I think he’s bonded. Unfortunately, to you,” said Lucille. “He knows where his food is and we left it on your side of the house.”
“Whatever. He’s still your problem.” 
I didn’t think he was a problem as much as a solution. A deep bark could do a lot to deter would be break-ins. Jon was a cop and he knew that. He just wasn’t sure that Oz was the right dog and Oz didn’t seem to want to stay on Lucille’s side of the house anyway.
“I promise I’ll walk him every day.” I knelt and stroked Oz’s ears. “We named him Oz.”
“How appropriate. He’s definitely somewhere make-believe,” said Jon. “I got hold of someone in Holyoke and they aren’t very interested in a couple of run-aways. I tried to tell them that it was related to their DB. They don’t seem very interested in that either. They’ve got so many gang members that they’re hoping they start eliminating each other, lighten the workload.”
“They did seem intent on carving out a niche for themselves which might anger some of the other gangs. Perhaps you could point out to Holyoke that someone will probably get caught in the crossfire,” said Lucille.
“I ordered Chinese while I was home. I assume neither of you has dinner plans and I’m getting hungry,” said Jon.
The doorbell rang. 
Lucille peeked out the window and opened the door to dinner. 
“I’m going to get some dog food,” I said. “Don’t lock up, I’ll be right back.”
“Woof.” I think Oz was the only one who heard me. 
I left and staggered back with the fifty-pound sack of dog food. Oz’s tail wagged slowly but I couldn’t tell if he had the concept of eating out of a bowl. I filled the food dish, put it on the floor, and turned to fill the water dish. When I turned back with a full bowl of water, the food dish was empty. I gave him the water, sat down with Jon and Lucille, and dug into Chinese.
After an hour, Jon and I decided to go next door. Jon closed the door to Lucille’s side, again in the dog’s face. A howl erupted from behind the door and Lucille immediately threw the locks open. 
“I think we know where this creature’s loyalty lies, Lieutenant,” she said and handed Jon the leash.
“I’ll take him,” I said when Jon looked at his hand as if it might belong to someone else. I grabbed the leash and we went next door.
“Where’s he planning to sleep?” Jon glanced around the living room. I went behind the kitchen counter and pulled out the dog bed that the vet had added to our starter kit.
“Living room,” I said, slapping the bed on the floor by the couch. Jon and I went to the bedroom. I noticed that Oz was a half-step behind. Jon closed the bedroom door. 
“Woof, woof, woof, woof.” A howl followed the series of indecisive woofs. 
“What?!” Jon yanked the door open. Oz bounced inside and onto the bed before either of us could react. Jon turned around, walked to the bed, leaned down until he was nose to nose with the dog. “There are some things a man must do in private. You are a third wheel when only two are necessary.”
“Woof,” sighed Oz. He decamped to six inches outside the bedroom door, circled twice, let out a sound between his sigh and a squeak and flopped down on the floor. I reminded myself to be careful getting up in the night. There was a warm, furry log in front of the bedroom door.
It was distracting to have Oz guarding the door, but Jon managed to overcome the distraction extremely quickly and several miracle moments were achieved.
When I woke up the next morning the bedroom door was open. I heard Jon talking in the kitchen and wandered out to see who was visiting. Oz sat in rapt attention as Jon talked on the phone, adding an occasional “woof” to the conversation. Coffee was on the counter. I noticed the bag of dog food and the dishes had returned to Jon’s side of the house. Jon turned to me and pointed at Oz.
“It has been fed, watered and walked. I’m going to the station. I’ll work my way up the ladder to the mayor if I have to. Someone must want to stop the flow of gang recruiting up the interstate.” Jon walked to the door. “I noticed you don’t have a cab here. That’s a good thing. Staying put for a while would help.”
Jon left and I took my coffee and Oz over to Lucille’s side of the house.
“Help who? And what did he mean by help?” I asked no one.
Lucille chose to answer. “It’s whom. And, if you mean Jon, he meant help him to worry less. That isn’t our job, or certainly not mine. And, besides, I have a plan.”
Uh oh.




Chapter Five

“We will need transportation so I will call Mona and arrange for Belle to bring us a taxi,” said Lucille. “Then I shall make some phone calls to Springfield while we wait for the car.”
I knew Lucille had some contacts left over from her days with the FBI or whatever alphabet agency she had been in, but I wasn’t sure how many of them were still alive, let alone active in the police department or on the streets. 
“I can call Mona and we can drop Belle off on our way to Holyoke. I assume that’s where we’re going?” I made it a question just in case the plan involved going someplace wonderful instead of Holyoke or Springfield, like Paris or the Virgin Islands. With Lucille, one never knew.
“Maybe, but, yes, you get us transport, I will start the plan.”
I called Cool Rides and Mona answered on the first ring.
“Who the fuck is this?” she screamed.
“Uh, this is Honey. Lucille needs a car and Belle took it back to the garage last night.”
“I have one fucking car left. Four of them got gang tagged last night. They didn’t get the one that was left in the garage. We’re going to spend the day cleaning and painting. At least they didn’t do any other damage, but Willie is on a rampage.” Mona paused for a breath. “Lucille can have the only car but it’s a full day rate.”
“Is Belle there? Can she come get us?”
“Yeah, but it’ll cost.” Mona sounded discouraged as well as pissed.
I poked my phone off and turned to Lucille. 
She had her smart phone at her ear. “I’d like to make an appointment to speak to Mr. Scarpelli, please.” 
What?!! Antoni Scarpelli was the mob boss in Springfield. Lucille had met him when his psychotic daughter had tried to involve the Cool Rides Taxi company in running drugs up the interstate. The daughter was in a mental institution now, which was okay with her father, but Scarpelli Senior had taken a shine to Lucille. He must have been more actively courting her recently because I had seen several bouquets of pink tea roses, Lucille’s favorite, upside down in the trash. Apparently he didn’t feel that Lucille’s professed but flexible respect for the rule of law should discourage him. 
And now she was calling him.
“Today at eleven o’clock? That would be fine.” Lucille punched her smart phone off and turned to me. “Come. We must dress properly for this interrogation.”
I knew from Jon that Lucille had one of the most feared by her victims and respected by her colleagues interrogation methods in the Bureau. I followed her into her bedroom. I had never made it past the kitchen and cookies before. Lucille was getting desperate. If she didn’t find Terry and Tomas in a forty-eight-hour period she might lose them permanently, either to membership in the gangs or just complete and total disappearance.
Going to the far side of the bedroom, she threw open the closet door and pushed a rack full of loose, flower print dresses to one side. Opposite them was a shelf full of sensible shoes, none of them with either sparkle or heels. She pulled the shoe-shelf forward, swung it against the closet wall and pulled open a door that had been hidden behind the female geezer clothing.
I sucked in a breath and almost choked. An entire new room was revealed. This was Lucille’s Closet in capital letters or at least italics. Arranged by color along one side were suits, all solid and mostly dark blues or grays. A few bright red, pink or yellow ones flashed against the somber background. She had skirts from mini to full length, jackets from cleavage popping to chin choking, a variety of collars and lapel pins on each one. Behind the suits were the blouses. They ranged from solid to wildly patterned color and from skintight to silky loose. A shelf along the back wall held bras and underwear. There were cotton full-coverage granny panties, thongs and things with holes in all the right places, push-up, cleavage producing bras to match to the suits, boob defining under-wire bras and plain Jane white cotton sports bras. There was one on a clear plastic body form that had little holes over the second most sensitive parts of anyone female. Lucille’s closet would have made Belle consider returning to her previous profession or at least hauling the Judge to the bedroom and demanding he undress her slowly. And then redress her from Lucille’s Closet.
The other wall of the hidden wardrobe was all shoes. I looked down at my old sneakers. At least I could run fast enough to stage a decent get-away if I needed to. I had seen Belle run in her stilettos, but I knew it was beyond my capacity. I wondered about Lucille’s running capabilities in anything. She was somewhere over Social Security and possibly approaching infinity.
“Now.” Lucille tapped a fingernail against her front teeth. “We have some choices to make,” she said, drawing me back from my shoe fantasy involving Jon and a pair of open-toe candy apple red four-inch heels with an ankle strap in gold and trim to match. 
“We must be professional and yet provocative.” She took down one of the dark navy suits with a low-cut jacket, carried it over to the blouse rack and matched a cream colored silky but slightly tailored blouse. Hanging these on a wall hook, she walked to the underwear shelf.
“Hmm,” she hummed to herself. “Definitely push-up.” She selected a waist length corset that would catch her boobs and bring them front and center in any conversation. She moved on to the shoes.
“Um, Lucille? What about underpants?”
“Oh no, dear. This is definitely a situation in which I will go commando. Nothing under the skirt below the waist except the shoes. Unless I were putting on a garter and silk but I don’t have time for that today. We must be very careful with the shoes,” she said and ran her hand over a shelf of narrow heeled but not spiked and moved on to the short and spiky. A pair of glitter bombs caught my eye but she kept going down the long shelf. 
“Ah, Viva Las Vegas,” she said, laying her hand on a pair of silver chrome four-inch spikes with a red silk rose on one side of the toe. A green leafed silky vine wound around and up to the heel. I swallowed hard and dragged my eyes to the next pair. Not only did I want every pair of shoes in Lucille’s closet, I wanted the story behind each pair. Viva Las Vegas, indeed.
“But I digress, and time is a priority right now. Those home invaders must be crucified,” Lucille said and picked up a pair of navy leather shoes with white trim and insets. The heel was spike but not stiletto and only about two inches high.
We carried the outfit out of the closet and laid it on the bed. Lucille went back and closed the outer closet shelves over her secret room. She moved to the bureau and pulled it away from the wall opposite the bed from the closet. It swung out, revealing a long narrow drawer that pushed into the wall behind the bureau. Flipping the drawer out and open, Lucille found a silver chain with a single pearl drop and a pair of smaller pearl earrings.
“Always wear silver with blue unless a specific situation demands gold or you can tie it in with the other accessories, for instance gold trim on the shoes. In the right place and right time, you might even wear brass or plastic. Right now, silver is called for.” Lucille began to undress. I sucked in a breath when I saw a scar on her back that had to be a bullet hole. There was another one that ran from her shoulder to her waist and could have been a knife cut or a whip. 
Lucille turned. “You can go out to the kitchen and wait for Belle. I suppose you must tell her about the closet, but she will have to wait for a more opportune time to get a viewing. We can take Oz with us if Belle is also coming. Otherwise, she can care for the dog today.” Lucille said all this as she stripped and began the rebuild of her intimidation and seduction of old man Scarpelli.
I wandered out to the kitchen, patted Oz on his silky ears and peeked out the window for Belle. She arrived just as Lucille sailed out in her new persona. Which was not to say that Belle wasn’t her usual spectacular self. Her clothes had toned down significantly since she gave up her evening shift as a working girl. Today she had a plain white tank and black pencil pants. The chain mail belt combined with shoulder length silver chain earrings and open-toed silver shoes did add a little sparkle, especially when combined with her silver glitter manicure. Still, her eyes bugged a bit when Lucille walked out of the bedroom.
“Well, hornswaggle me and tie a knot around my love button.” Belle’s eyes ran from the blue and white shoes, paused at Lucille’s suddenly higher chest and moved up to her pearls, finally settling on her face. 
“You all look like Gina Lollobrigida with Betty White’s head on her shoulders. I might need to take a gander at your closet, especially your lingerie drawer.”
“Another time, dear. Today we are going to speak with someone who may be able to provide us with information and, if handled correctly, with some thuggish assistance,” said Lucille.
“Hey, I’m in. Nothing going on back at the garage. Willie’s ready to break out the heavy weapons. Damage to the cars and all. He won’t let any of them go until they’re spotless. So who we going to see?”
“Mr. Scarpelli of Springfield.”
“Whoa, hold the Ferrari. The one and the same as one Susan Scarpelli? That bitch, that flat-chested, flat-eyed daughter of a woman of no value? Is that the Scarpelli we’re talkin’ about?”
Belle had been involved in the Scarpelli daughter/drug running situation that had resulted in Belle being temporarily kidnapped and eventually having her new manicure threatened.
“Yes, well, he claims that Miss Scarpelli only claimed heritage because her mother tried to attach herself to the mob. Mr. Scarpelli himself was locked up tighter than a politician’s retirement plan when the young lady was conceived. So, if you have a problem with the man himself, best not to come along.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t miss this for the world on a Popsicle stick,” said Belle.
“Then let us proceed. Belle, you will drive, Honey, the only one of us who is unarmed, is shotgun, Oz is in the way back and I will finish my preparations in the back seat.”
I loaded Oz, his water dish, three bottles of water, a chew toy and a box of treats in behind the back seat. Lucille picked up a huge navy-blue suede bag from the counter, walked out the door and threw all the locks. She put a shoulder to the door to make sure it was solidly closed and slid into the back seat of the cab. 
Belle and I got into our respectively assigned seats. I turned just in time to see the thigh holster get loaded up with Lucille’s pink handled derringer. 
“Unfortunately, the downside to a push up bra is that the bra holster is not adequately concealed. I do hope you have something in that oversized bag.” She said this last to Belle. 
She knew better than to ask me if I was packing a weapon. I’d likely shoot myself or at least surrender it to the bad guy to shoot me.
“You betcha,” said Belle. “Where to madam?” 
Lucille gave her an address in Springfield that I didn’t recognize and off we went.
“You will both come in with me, but I will do all the negotiating. Belle, you will keep Oz on a short leash,” said Lucille.
Fine by me as my skill in the negotiating department was severely lacking. I would be sure to place myself behind Lucille, Belle and Oz when we entered the Scarpelli stronghold.
Belle steered us through the usually chaotic downtown and up the interstate ramp, heading south to Springfield.
“Looks like we got a follower,” she said to Lucille. 




Chapter Six

“You want me to dump him?” Belle glanced in the rear-view mirror at Lucille.
I turned around and saw our apparent tail. It was three guys crammed into an ancient Omni Horizon. The front headlight was rusted out and hanging on by a wire. The car pulled out into the passing lane where one of the hubcaps fell off and rolled across the highway to the side of the road. Belle managed to dodge around it.
“I can get off the straight and narrow at the next exit and lose them.” Belle looked over her shoulder at the car laboring to keep up with us. “Or I could just speed up.”
She tapped the gas and the car responded. The front passenger window rolled down on the Omni and a handgun appeared, shaking somewhat with the wind created by traveling at sixty miles an hour. The hand attached to the gun pulled the trigger and a bullet pinged off our hood.
“Well, of all the nerve,” said Lucille. She down buttoned her window and pulled her own weapon out of the oversized bag. “Please do keep the car steady,” she said. 
Belle grunted and gripped the steering wheel. 
Lucille braced her hand on the door and squeezed off a round. The Omni’s back tire deflated, and it wobbled to the side of the highway. Belle tweaked the gas again and the Scion XB sped off without the rusty company.
“They clearly do not have a quality organization,” huffed Lucille.
Half an hour later, we pulled up in front of a beautiful three and a half story Victorian house in one of the better neighborhoods in Springfield. Belle parked on the street in front of the stately structure. 
I hopped out and opened the door for Lucille. She exited with the grace of a woman born to have doors held for her. 
I tagged along behind as Belle and Oz followed Lucille up to the massive front door. It opened before we could ring the bell or knock. Scarpelli was expecting us. A tall, heavy-set man in a too tight, off-the-rack suit stood and looked us over. He grinned at Lucille and offered her his arm. 
“My name is Horatio. Mr. Scarpelli calls me Harry. I’ll take you to the Don. He says I’m not allowed to frisk you and he trusts that your armaments will be kept to a minimum. And he hopes and assures you that you won’t need them.”
“Are you quoting him, or did you decide all that for yourself?”
“He has trained me well.” Harry’s grin widened.
We followed through a high-ceilinged entryway into a tastefully furnished living room. Don Antoni Scarpelli was standing next to a brick fireplace, leaning against the mantel. I had to admit that he was a very attractive man for his age which was somewhere between sixty-five and the same as Lucille’s. His dark face held more wrinkles than a cosmetic surgeon’s wet dreams.
“Miss Lucille!” he said, stepping forward. “You do look lovely. Truly a sight for my eyes.”
“Oh, can it, you old geezer.” Lucille stepped up close to Scarpelli. “I want to know from you whether you have any involvement in or even knowledge of my problems. And don’t even think about lying. I’m a pissed off parent and I’m willing to shoot kneecaps to find out what I need to know.”
So, I guess the intimidator was up first. Maybe seduction would come around later. I wondered what the deep cleavage was for. Oz wagged his tail slowly, apparently still on the fence about these new friends.
Scarpelli stood in front of Lucille. He was dressed in a suit without a tie. His thick white hair was combed back from his tanned face and his dark, almost black, eyes danced with amusement.
“By your problems, I assume you mean your adopted son. I heard that he had gone missing.”
Lucille poked a finger into Scarpelli’s chest. The bodyguard shifted but Scarpelli sent him some sort of signal and he relaxed, keeping a hand free in case he needed to shoot the old lady. 
“He was brutally kidnapped out of my home. I was restrained at gunpoint! Those monsters will suffer at my hands. I want to be assured that you are not part of this.”
Scarpelli’s eyes held an odd combination of humor, desire and anger. Lucille poked him again, harder. His hand flew faster than I thought any part of someone that old could move. He grabbed Lucille’s fingers and held them firmly. The desire came to the front of the list of emotions crossing his face, and he smiled. 
“Yarp!” said Oz but wagged his tail harder. This looked like it might develop into a game.
“Miss Lucille, you are so lovely when you’re angry,” he said, kissing her fingers. “But, no, I am not involved in anything illegal anymore and certainly not in kidnapping young boys. I may, however, be of some assistance if you will have me.”
Have me? I wondered just what he was proposing. 
Lucille wondered the same thing. “Just what are you suggesting? I would like to avoid anyone getting shot and I don’t want any of mine in jail.”
“Give me a few hours. I’ll find out what I can, which should be quite a bit, and report back to you.”
I liked the idea of Old Man Scarpelli reporting to Lucille personally. The less I knew, the less I would have to lie about to Jon.
“Fine,” said Lucille and headed for the door.
She turned back as the bodyguard opened the door and stood to one side.
“I know you’ve retired. I hope you maintained your contacts,” she said and sailed out to the car, her entourage in tow.
I was standing closer to Scarpelli and I heard him mutter under his breath, “Since the day I met you, lovely Lucille, I have not committed one illegal act.” He blew out a long breath and realized I was standing within hearing. He smiled at me, shrugged and retreated back to the living room. 
I got to the car and looked back over my shoulder. Harry was still standing in the open doorway. He gave me a little finger wave, stepped back and, as soon as Lucille was safely in the car, he closed the door. I wondered how much he knew about his boss’ intentions and how he felt about them. Did he support a mafia boss retiring without being shot? Did Scarpelli have any income if he really did retire? Would Lucille, or possibly Jon, know all the answers?
However little I knew about Don Scarpelli’s income, I knew mine would be slim to none if I didn’t get in the cab and drive, drive, drive. So I slid into the shotgun seat, without the shotgun or any other weapon, and Belle took off toward the interstate.
“I am running low on ammunition, between target practice and discouraging the rabbits from raiding the garden. I believe a stop at Guns and Daisies is in order.”
Guns and Daisies was Lucille’s favorite shopping spot. She always needed ammunition and she loved to decorate her house with flowers. Guns and Daisies was one stop shopping for both.
Belle pulled off the interstate after an uneventful trip from Springfield. Apparently the idiots trying to start the new gang in town were regrouping and trying to find better wheels. In five minutes Belle pulled into the parking lot at Guns and Daisies and parked on the side of the building where the shadow would keep the car cool.
There was a silver BMW in the lot. I missed the four-wheel drive, over the top red monster truck that the clerk for the flower side of Guns and Daisies had driven. I knew he had quit after a hold-up in which Lucille had shot off the robber’s little toe. I didn’t know who had taken his place.
I held the cab door for Lucille. As she was getting out, Belle put a leash on Oz and trotted up the walk to hold the shop door open. Lucille entered with Belle and Oz behind her and me bringing up the rear. Lucille headed immediately for the guns side of the store. Belle stopped short so suddenly that I ran into her back. 
“Chaz!” she screeched and launched herself forward. I followed her in and realized that the new flower clerk was an old friend, more of Belle’s than mine. Chaz was a cross-dressing prostitute who specialized in oral only. He rarely discussed his gender orientation with clients and very few of them knew that he wasn’t a she. 
He was well educated and had the grace and ease that someone from higher economic circles seems to have when they enter the world. His waist length blonde hair was swept up into a complex bun and he was wearing a simple but feminine sky-blue silk suit with matching four-inch spikes. Belle threw her arms around him and he returned the hug.
“What the hell are you doing behind a counter?”
“Hey, what the hell are you doing driving a cab?” he returned. “I needed a break and I love, love, love flowers. I know my shit about guns too, so it seemed like a good match. I don’t need to work any more than you do, but, you know, a girl gets bored just polishing her toes all day.”
“We really need to get together for drinks and catch up. I don’t even know if you decided to get the operation.”
“Not a chance of that. Anyway, not as long as wonderfulness such as your own is still available to me.”
I knew that Chaz, known as Charlotte in the trade, still enjoyed intimacy with both genders and Belle had told me that he was on the fence about becoming a woman. 
“And is that wonderfulness still available? I’ve been hearing rumors. And who is this cute bundle of fur?” Chaz had leaned down to where Oz had flopped into a somnolent stupor. He thumped his tail twice with great effort and closed his eyes in bliss when Chaz rubbed his belly. 
Belle joined Chaz on the floor for a good scratching of soft belly fur.
“I might be off the market for a long time. Things are still up in the air,” said Belle, and she and Chaz wandered off into the flower room to reminisce about good times, leaving Oz snoozing in front of the flower counter.
Lucille had gotten engrossed in some new products from the Pink Power line of guns and other weapons. She was weighing the various guns with one hand and then the other. I knew she was ambidextrous when it came to shooting. A few boxes of ammunition lay by the cash register.
“I’ll need to think about that one, JimmyJohn,” she said to the gun clerk who was also the owner of the store. “I’ll take the ammo today.” She laid her charge card on the counter.
JimmyJohn was putting the boxes in a bag when a young man in a hoody stepped through the door. He pulled out a pistol and yelled, “Put those guns in a bag, I’m taking them with me.” His voice was high pitched and somehow familiar.
Lucille whirled around as Oz leaped to his feet and entered into a outburst of wiggling joy. 
“Tomas?”
Familiar indeed. Oz galloped over and sat next to Tomas’ leg. He leaned in and looked up adoringly.
“Tomas, you put that gun down right now. On the counter is fine.”
Tomas stepped forward and the clerk stepped back and dropped his hand under the counter. Lucille laid her hand on JimmyJohn’s other arm.
“No problem. No need to pull out Betsy. Tomas here was just going to hand me his gun.”
Tomas handed his gun to Lucille and sat down hard on the floor. He hung his head between his knees. Oz pushed into his lap.
“They have Terry and I didn’t know what else to do. They said they’d kill him if I didn’t come in here and get some guns and ammunition. And where did you find Dog? They said they had killed him. They said they’d do the same to Terry that they did to Dog if I didn’t hold up the gun store.” Tomas wrapped his arms around the puppy and buried his face in the fur.
“How do you know Dog?” I asked.
“They got him as bait for some fighting dogs that their friends train. They need dogs that don’t really fight back to get the fighters used to attacking. We were trying to save him. They were going to let the fighting dogs kill him. They talked about it a lot.”
“Well, now we can deal with them. Now we can have a plan.” Lucille laid Tomas’ gun on the counter and turned to the clerk. “Let’s just get a few guns properly prepared and we can proceed from there.”
Properly prepared involved JimmyJohn replacing the firing pins on a few small handguns with a ground down version and loading them into a bag with a lot of extra blank ammunition. The firing pins still showed and looked normal. I didn’t know enough about such things to pass judgment, but Lucille seemed happy with the result. She was making a final inspection when a car horn blew out in front. 
“They’re waiting for me,” said Tomas as Belle wrote down the make, model and license plate of the car with the idiots inside blowing the horn. This time it was an off-white Toyota that was probably white at one time. Jon tells me over and over that the only reason the cops catch the bad guys is that the bad guys are dumber than stumps. These guys were dumber than dirt. I guess the stump had composted.
Tomas had given us as much information as he had. He and Terry had been blindfolded and tied, put in the back of the pick-up truck and covered with a tarp. He gave us an approximate time of travel and Lucille decided they were taken to Holyoke. Tomas was blindfolded any time they went outside the building. Terry was kept separately in the basement room that was barred and locked.
Lucille put her hand on Tomas’ shoulder. “We will get you both out of this. But I can’t let you go back with that man. That gives them two hostages. Are you going to be okay?”
“But Terry, he’s still there. They might do something to him.” Tomas hugged Oz tighter. The young dog tipped its head back and cleaned out Tomas’ ear.
Lucille moved back to the counter and spoke briefly to the clerk. He nodded, reached up above the back shelves and handed her a package. She tore off the plain brown wrapper and reached into the bag of doctored weapons. She attached a round magnetic disc to one of the guns, replaced it in the bag and handed the whole thing to Tomas. “I assume everyone here is adequately armed to go forth with a reasonable plan.” 
Everyone nodded except me. I just backed up into a corner.
“Tomas, I want you to go out and hand this bag to the driver. Then you must step back quickly, as all hell will be breaking loose. Please run to the side of the building and we will come get you when it’s safe. Honey, being inadequately armed, you will care for Oz.”
My lack of weaponry had reduced me to a dog-sitter. That was fine with me.
“Is everyone ready to move this moron out of the parking lot?” asked Lucille. Everyone nodded. “You will need to sell this a little, Tomas. Run, the gun store owner is armed and after you. Throw the bag of weapons to the driver and move away from the car as fast as possible. Do you understand?”
Tomas snatched the bag and stumbled out the door with a crash. Lucille, Belle and Chaz were right behind him. Tomas deserved an Oscar as he threw the bag at the driver and pretended to dash around the front of the car. 
The Toyota’s tires spit gravel as it backed up and screamed forward out of the parking lot with the guns and without Tomas. Bullets pinged off its rear end and Tomas ran for cover. I saw the back window disintegrate as the car hit the street. Someone in the firing squad had connected. Tomas peeked around the corner of the building. Oz barked hysterically, straining his leash until Tomas came through the door. I let go and he flew to Tomas, sank to the floor and rolled onto his back for a belly rub.
“Well, now we will know precisely where they go. Even if they dump the car, which I assume they will, they won’t get rid of any of the guns. That tracking device just looks like a manufacturing logo.” She turned as the clerk came out from behind the counter. “You do have a good inventory, JimmyJohn,” said Lucille as they huddled together, entering the app for tracking the gun into Lucille’s smart phone.
“It is always a pleasure my dear. You are one of my most valued customers.”
Lucille smiled and started the app tracking. “Let’s give them a head start. We can find them when we’re ready to attack.”
“They want the taxi company,” blurted out Tomas.
“What? Why in heaven’s name would they want a taxi company?”
“It’s the cars. They can’t find any cars that aren’t falling apart. They figure they can bully the taxi drivers into taking them around for free. That’s why they did the tag thing. They’re warning all the other gangs away from your company so they can take it over. It’s worth something to have that good a way to transport stuff. They keep getting junk yard cars that they can’t keep running. And they think they can use the nice cars to bribe the kids in school to work for their gang. They’re sort of still acting like they’re a Mexican cartel, in Mexico. They don’t understand the difference in culture here.”
I considered that for a moment, thinking about the culture of gangs in Holyoke and Springfield. Even with the problems that the gangs presented to the local police force and government, it was probably better than the problems confronting the Mexican police.
“We’ll just have to see how many more of their cars we can disable. Our first job is to find and free Terry. We shall return to my home and await information from Mr. Scarpelli.”




Chapter Seven

We dropped Belle at Cool Rides. The gang tagged cars had been restored to their former glory, or at least to the satisfaction of Willie. That meant Belle and Riggs could make an income and show the new driver some tricks. I took the wheel and drove Lucille, Tomas and Oz to Lucille’s house. 
Tomas, Oz and I gathered around the kitchen table while Lucille went to her secret room to change personality. She came out looking like an extra playing a great grandmother on some TV sitcom, her billowing flower print dress matched by her sensible running shoes. She had a part to play even if I wasn’t sure what it was. She turned on the oven and started gathering cookie ingredients.
When the doorbell rang, Tomas got up and started to throw locks.
“Look out the window first! Always!” said Lucille.
Tomas moved to the window and pushed the curtain aside a half an inch.
“It’s some guy in blue jeans and a baseball cap. I don’t recognize him.”
“Are the blue jeans fitted to his waist or are they loose with the waist at the knees?”
“Fitted.”
“Which way is the baseball cap worn—front, back or sideways?”
“Front, pulled over his eyes. And he’s wearing a blue shirt of some kind. I think it’s supposed to be a work shirt. And he’s got a cane.”
“Oh, honestly!” said Lucille. She walked over and threw the rest of the locks. “So good to see you Antoni. While creative, your disguise is not convincing. You look like an old geezer trying to look like a teenager, except for the walking assist device. That blows the whole disguise.” 
But a fine specimen of an old geezer, I thought. 
“I do have much to learn from you about dressing for the occasion. I didn’t want your landlord to know that I was visiting so Harry drove me in our stealth car and parked around the corner. It’s a rusted out Ford Explorer that, in car years, is as old as me. We had a long discussion about the clothing.”
“Well, you’re here now and if Jon figures it out, he’ll just have to deal with it. Cookies will be ready shortly. Sit and tell me what you’ve learned while I get more batter going,” said Lucille. 
Antoni Scarpelli handed the cane to Lucille and sat next to me at the kitchen table.
I realized that the baking was an emotional outlet as well as a man trap for Lucille. Good to remember next time I got stressed.
“I’ve learned a great deal about these new people in Holyoke. Unfortunately, I do not know precisely where your son is as they are moving him around a great deal. There are many abandoned houses in the neighborhood where they travel.”
“What have you learned that I don’t know? Time is a factor here, old man,” said Lucille.
“I have an inside source. A young man whose father worked for me has infiltrated the new organization. It is, unfortunately, larger than I had hoped. It isn’t just a few misfits coming north from Mexico. These are scouts and their sponsors are challenging La Familia. Apparently my retirement was timely. They want a piece of the very lucrative heroin trade. Fortunately for us, the scouts, while prone to unnecessary violence, are neither experienced nor smart. My friend inside is quite smart. For the moment, he has been able to protect Terry.”
Lucille put her spoon down. Moving to the table, she put a hand on Scarpelli’s shoulder. “Thank you for that. I am in your debt.”
Scarpelli looked at her. His hand briefly covered hers and he nodded. 
“They dumped the car you last saw them in. My friend is not sure what they are using to move Terry around now. They are mostly trying to pull him into their organization, so they have an inside person at the high school level. Apparently, there is the feeling that this area, Northampton and the surrounding small towns, are ripe and ready for a huge influx of product, particularly heroin. They would like to be the ones to provide it.”
I knew from Jon that the product in question wasn’t anything that might benefit the area or provide living wage jobs. The job of moving this product was probably short lived. If your competition didn’t kill you, the product would.
“Our top priority right now is to get my son out of harm’s way. If you are certain that They’re in Holyoke, we can proceed to tracing them. Let’s see if we can find them right now.” Lucille pulled out her smart phone and popped up the tracking app.
When Scarpelli raised his eyebrows in question, she just smiled. “We had a little run in with them and were able to regain Tomas and plant a tracking device at the same time.”
She pulled a chair over close to Scarpelli, sat down and held the phone up where he could see it. His eyes widened and I could see that it took some effort for him to focus on the phone.
“See, there they are. Or at least there one of the guns they stole is.”
Scarpelli looked questioning again. 
“It’s a long story. I’ll tell you over dinner when we have resolved this situation.”
I thought Scarpelli might throw his arms around Lucille, but he managed to focus on the arrow moving across the smart phone. He ran a finger to where it indicated the kidnappers were traveling.
“I don’t think we should use the taxi for this operation. I would be happy to hire Honey to assist as we will need both a driver and someone who can run faster than either of us. We need an automobile that will disappear against the backdrop into which we are inserting ourselves,” said Lucille.
“I believe I have the right car.” Scarpelli pulled out his cell phone. “Harry, please pick us up in front of Miss Lucille’s house.” He smiled at Lucille. “Like many things in life it’s only old on the outside. I made a few modifications and it can haul ass with the best of them.”
“Growing old isn’t for cowards but it can be fun,” said Lucille and she wiggled her own ass as she rose from the chair next to Scarpelli. He didn’t reach out and touch the wiggle, but his eyes were glued to it.
As we were waiting for Harry to bring the car around, my phone vibrated. It looked like it wanted to jump off the table. I picked it up and hit answer.
“Where are you and what are you doing?”
“Hi, Jon. I’m at Lucille’s and we have Tomas with us. We’re still trying to find Terry.”
“How the hell did you find Tomas? Holyoke called about some cars with bullet holes in them. They found an ancient Omni Horizon with a flat tire probably caused by a gun shot and a white Toyota with a shattered back window and lots of bullet marks in its rear quarters. What the fuck is going on?”
“Why would you think I knew anything about that? I don’t own a gun and I don’t know how to shoot one. I should probably learn.”
“Please don’t do that. Where is Lucille?”
“She’s right here but we’re about to leave. She has some shopping she needs to do.”
“Where is Tomas?”
“He’s here with Oz.”
“Oz?”
“The dog. The one who loves you, the one you walked and fed and watered this morning.”
“Oh, yeah, him. Tell Tomas to stay there. I’ll come by and keep him company since I’m sure he doesn’t want to shop with the ladies.”
Right. There was a silence on Jon’s end of the phone. He coughed. “And tell Scarpelli he looks silly in a baseball cap,” said Jon and the phone went dead.
Shit! How did he do that. At least he hadn’t come home and put a gun in Scarpelli’s face, which he had done one time before when he found out that Scarpelli had stopped by Lucille’s house to talk about his crazy daughter. Maybe that meant that Scarpelli really had retired from his illegal activities. It meant that Jon knew more that I had thought he did.
I stopped worrying about Jon and, staying in the moment, I followed Scarpelli and Lucille out to the tricked out, banged up Ford Explorer. Its original color was probably red but the rust factor had changed it to an off color maroon. The driver’s side door was a different color, maybe a dark blue, and had no handle. Harry pushed something with his thumb and the door popped open. Scarpelli opened the back door for Lucille, and I climbed in the shotgun seat, sans the shotgun. 
Scarpelli got in with Lucille and she held up the cell phone tracker. “Why, they’re right here in Northampton, getting coffee. Harry, please go to the Starbucks on Main Street.”
We cruised through downtown and pulled out of sight into an alley next to the coffee shop. There was a 1971 Ford Pinto parked on the street in front of Starbucks. The back bumper was hanging at an angle and the passenger side door was black. The rest of the car had been white at one time in its life. It was empty, the occupants having gone inside for their various needs, caffeine, bathrooms, food. The space behind and the space in front was open, a rare occurrence in parking challenged Northampton. 
We were considering whether we needed a morning refresher ourselves when a station wagon screeched across two lanes of traffic to pull into the parking spot behind the Pinto. It was going too fast and tapped the bumper of the Pinto. There was a spark, then another and suddenly smoke started billowing into the car. The station wagon shot backward as the Pinto erupted in flames. 
A barista came running out of Starbucks with a fire extinguisher and filled the entire car with foam. Three guys that were sitting at the tables in front sipping coffee stood up and slunk out the door, around the corner, down the alley and into the parking lot behind the building. 
“My phone tells me they still have the gun and it’s standing in the parking lot. Let’s get coffee and see what they do.”
I took orders and trotted inside to get the pimped-out coffee. The shop was empty because everyone was out on the street watching the show. Three fire trucks had arrived and were hosing down the car. It only took a few minutes to get four tricked out mocha, salted caramel, skinny lattes with whip. I hot footed back to the Explorer and distributed breakfast.
We sipped and waited for half an hour. The four men hid in the lot, playing musical cars whenever someone appeared and left with one of their hiding places. Finally a mini-van drove slowly into the lot. 
Lucille switched over to her camera app and snapped a photo of the new arrival. It had four different colored doors including the hatchback. The rear bumper was missing and one of the wheel covers fell off and rolled into the parking lot ahead of the car. The driver ran over the wheel cover and flattened it. The three men hurried out from behind a yellow hummer and pried open the doors of the minivan. As they exited the parking lot, I noticed a faded Baby on Board sign in the back window.
Lucille switched back to the tracking app. “How considerate of them. They still have the weapon and, thus, the tracker. Harry, follow that car.”
And off we all went to the interstate. Leaving plenty of space between us and the tracked car, we approached Holyoke from the North but traveled quickly through the high-end restored Victorian residences of that area. As we went farther south more buildings were boarded up with an occasional empty lot between them. Warehouses with broken and black windows appeared, a few with lights in them where squatters were living, or crack addicts were enjoying the comforts of a roof over their heads. There weren’t many people on the sidewalks and not a lot of cars on the streets. I thought that would make the job of tailing the mini-van harder, but with Lucille giving Harry directions from the tracking device we were able to circle the block, disappear behind burned out buildings and easily pick up the trail again. The Explorer purred along.
“I really do want to look under the hood when we’re done with this. I feel that there are some secrets in there,” said Lucille.
“Another date that I will keep,” said Scarpelli.
We had dropped back a bit to let the van get ahead of us when it pulled into an alley between a wood frame house with a badly scorched roof and a rowhouse with no door and more dark and empty windows. Next to the rowhouse was a vacant lot with a pile of bricks in the back, a circle of overstuffed chairs and a lopsided couch squatting in the un-mowed weeds in front.
Three of the occupants of the van got out leaving the driver to guard the car. They didn’t go into either of the houses. They went to the vacant lot, bush-whacked through the over-grown weeds and sat down in the chairs. They left the couch empty as if reserved for someone more important than themselves. We were about a half-block up across the street so we could see both sides and what was going on but weren’t very visible to someone sitting in the vacant lot in the weeds which were taller than most people. My mind was beginning to wander after ten minutes of watching three guys in chairs. I began studying the houses across the street from the chair potatoes and noticed that they weren’t all vacant. A long black tube-like shape stuck out of the second story window of the brick structure directly across from the lounging lot. It swung back and forth a few times and then stopped when it was pointing directly at the van.
Apparently the Baby on Board sign didn’t concern them, or they couldn’t read it. There was a whump and a flash of orange, and the minivan exploded into a rain of small pieces of metal. We all hit the floor of our own transport which wouldn’t have done us any good at all if we got hit by the grenade launcher that had taken out the van. We were slowly peeking over the windowsills when another grenade hit the building next to the vacant lot. The front of the townhouse slumped to the sidewalk and the chair sitters decamped down the street at a dead run. A few seconds later the chairs and couch exploded. Stuffing came down like it was raining rabbits. 
We were considering decamping ourselves when the passenger side door of Scarpelli’s stealth mobile opened with a bang and Terry threw himself inside. 
“Drive, shit, just drive!” he yelled.




Chapter Eight

Lucille put out her hand and touched Terry’s back. He was curled on the floor with his hands clasped over his head. He looked like a trainee for the big quake in San Francisco. 
“Harry,” said Scarpelli quietly as he slammed the door. The Explorer rocketed forward, and we shot north past empty buildings. We flew by downtown and up onto the interstate.
“I have never been so relieved to see someone in my life,” said Lucille.
“Son, let me help you up here so Lucille can be sure you’re well.” Scarpelli extended a hand and slipped it under Terry’s arm. Terry sat back on his rear but stayed on the floor. I wasn’t sure that he understood why Scarpelli would be in this car with Lucille. I wasn’t entirely sure what Scarpelli’s reasons were myself and I really didn’t understand how Terry knew to get in the Explorer or where he had come from. One minute he was kidnapped and the next he was leaping into Scarpelli’s stealth mobile. And where was the driver of the exploded baby van?
“Louis is okay,” Terry mumbled at the floor. He still hadn’t made it to a seat. 
“Louis?” I asked.
“My man inside,” said Scarpelli. “I believe he was driving the deceased van.”
“He pushed me out when he saw the grenade launcher. We went around the back of the block and came up on you guys from behind. I guess Louis knows this piece of shit car.”
“He has driven it many times and the shit is excellent camouflage for an otherwise remarkable vehicle. You will come to appreciate it.” Scarpelli smiled at Lucille over Terry’s head.
We were taking the off ramp into Northampton when Terry finally made it onto the seat between Lucille and Scarpelli.
“They took Tomas out and made him rob a gun store. I didn’t know what happened to him until Louis told me he was okay. Do you know where he is?”
“Oh my, yes,” said Lucille. “He should be with our favorite Lieutenant. And Oz as well.”
“Oz?” Terry looked bewildered.
“I believe you know him as Dog. He’s taken up residence at our house.” Lucille smiled. “I’m sure he will be almost as happy as Tomas to see you.”

Lucille was right about Oz. His enthusiasm was hard to match. Jon came close in his own way. He smiled and gave Terry a man hug. He backed off when Scarpelli came through the door.
“Lieutenant,” said Scarpelli quietly.
“Mr. Scarpelli, thank you for your help.” Jon spoke equally softly.
“Please, it’s Anton.”
Jon just stared at him. There was enough tension to float the QE 2. Jon clearly was miffed that he needed help from someone he previously knew as a criminal. I, however, remembered Jon telling me that cops and criminals were separated by a very fine line.
That, and Scarpelli’s attention to Lucille, accounted for Jon leaving shortly after we arrived. Tomas and Terry had taken Oz, who could barely contain himself, into the back yard. I knew Jon would be back for a through debriefing of both boys later in the evening. I would probably get some intense questioning as well, but I knew how to handle Jon’s questions. 
I went home to my apartment. I could face Jon later, but, most important, I needed to get back in the swing of work. I made good money while Lucille hired me by the day as a driver or detective or whatever I had become, maybe a security blanket because I could run faster than her. But that was over for the moment and I needed to get back to driving. And I missed the company at Cool Rides. Belle was my best friend and Riggs had worked his way into my circle. And I needed to know the story on the new driver.
The immediate threat to Terry and Tomas was gone but I wasn’t convinced that this new gang was going to lay off the search for business ties and new partners in small towns. Since Holyoke and Springfield were at capacity for gang structure, they would keep looking northward. Northampton was the most logical first stop. My most logical stop at the moment was Cool Rides garage. I convinced Harry to leave Lucille and Scarpelli with the boys and run me over to the garage.
“Hey, stranger! And you are very strange. Where you been?” Belle was sitting in the lounge, lounging. Her shoes were silver sandals with woven straps that circled her foot and then caressed her ankle with a thinner band that ended in a bow. She was wearing black flared pants that stopped mid-calf so everyone would notice her ankle adornment.
I landed next to her on the rickety couch and we almost took a header over backward.
“I have missed moments like this,” she said, holding onto the overstuffed arm of the ancient piece of furniture. “Sitting near you is a dangerous sport.”
“So, what’s happened in the last twenty-four? I feel so out of touch in such a short time.”
“That’s because we be movin’ so fast. Riggs and Henry have set a date and Betsy has a date. Dates are just flying through my brain. I’m thinkin’ I might put a date on something very special with the Judge.”
“Whoa, slow down. What’s the date? Who’s Betsy? And what the hell are you going to do to poor Judge Carlton?”
“The date is a little over a year away ’cause I told them I needed that much time to plan the bachelor parties, let alone the wedding, let alone my outfit. Betsy is our new driver. She’s gay and single and I’m helping with her love life. And I ain’t telling what I’m doing to the Judge. At least not until after I do it.”
“Okay, a year is enough time. Where is this Betsy and how are you helping her love life? And you better tell me about Carlton, after if not before the event.”
“Betsy needs some wardrobe adjustments and advice. Same as you but she’s willing to listen. So we’re shopping tonight after shift. You in?”
“Oh, yeah!” Another way to avoid Jon’s questions. 
We were considering what the proper outfit would be for a first date. Betsy told Belle that she wanted to look interesting but not provocative the first time. If the date worked out, Belle could go for broke on the sexy thing. I thought about Lucille’s special underwear drawer.
We hadn’t gotten past an argument about the shoes when Mona came out with fare slips. Belle wanted to go with spikes, I was arguing for a smaller, wider heel so she could get out fast without breaking an ankle if things were going downhill. We all agreed on the color: red. Mona groaned but contributed her opinion—yes, small heel in case she had to run, red because it goes with anything. She waved the fare slips.
“Betsy is doing all the easy ones, so you idiots get the pains in the butt. First up,” she said, turning to me, “Eustacia and Stanley with a last name that no one can pronounce without spitting. Eustacia is at the nursing home visiting Stanley and needs a ride back to the retirement home.”
She turned to Belle. “Hotel to tennis camp so they need a ride to the courts.”
We snatched our respective slips, hopped in cars and motored out. I got to the nursing home in ten minutes, parked in the handicap space, hung the permission to do so on the mirror and bopped inside.
“Eustacia and Stanley?” I asked, hoping the receptionist understood and also couldn’t pronounce their last name.
“Room 112, third door on the left.” She smacked her gum and pointed a long, cherry red talon down a gray hallway lighted with florescent bulbs that made everything and everyone a sickly yellow. I would have painted it a brighter color and found lighting that made everyone ten years younger. But the lady at the desk was more concerned with the color of her nails than with facial wrinkles. She filed an imaginary hangnail, so I trotted off to find Eustacia.
The gray door to room 112 was closed. No answer when I knocked so I tried the knob. It wasn’t locked. I poked my head around the corner and there were Stanley and Eustacia—I assumed it was them as there was no one else in the room—in bed. Together. They lay side by side on their backs, staring at the ceiling, eyes wide open with big smiles on their faces. 
I walked to Eustacia and touched her shoulder. Her skin was the same color as the walls. I touched her harder. Then realized touching wasn’t going to get a response. They were dead but they were happy dead. 
Since my services were not the kind of transportation they needed, I backed out the door and headed down the hall.
I smiled at the desk lady, admired her nails briefly and mentioned that she should go check on Eustacia immediately. Explaining the lack of fare money to Mona would be awkward but I had five minutes to come up with a story before I got back to the garage. I decided to go with the truth and see if Mona would be sympathetic.
Mona burst out laughing. Not exactly the reaction I had anticipated. 
“I talked to Eustacia for way too long when she called for the ride. She and Stanley are...” She paused. “Were I guess now, both 98 years old and the pain factor was getting pretty unbearable. When Stanley fell down, they were trying to figure out a way to die gracefully and together.”
“Well, they did do that,” I said.
“Stanley had broken his hip and he still asked the doctor if he was allowed to have sex. The doctor said it might kill him because his heart was so weak. The doc told Eustacia the same thing.”
“So, I guess they went out the best way they could.”
“Yeah, loaded with pain killers and Viagra.”
Cool Rides did a lot of business with the elderly because that sector of the population had mostly decided to give up driving, and public transportation around here can be unpredictable. Like any other group, there were wonderful people like Lucille and not so great people and a lot of people just trying to survive old age gracefully. 
People on the other end of the age spectrum were the same. Some good, some bad, some in between and some horrendous. I had a feeling that the young men that had invaded Lucille’s house and taken Terry and Tomas were on the horrendous side. But they were kids, according to Lucille, Terry, and Tomas. Kids are easily manipulated. Plus, they were from a different culture and didn’t speak the language.
Some kids are manipulated off to college, some to profitable professions, a few make their own way. Others land in a life ruled by criminals instead of guidance counselors. The smart ones become the ruling criminals and the politicians and anyone else who wants to be in charge, occasionally the guidance counselors and administrators. Terry was lucky because he had hooked up with the good end of the elderly spectrum in Lucille. I hoped Tomas would end up the same way.
We were contemplating the vagaries of old age when Belle roared into the parking lot and laid rubber stopping.
“Holy mother of God! I just watched a car get crushed by a garbage truck. And I don’t mean run over. I mean crushed! Made into a square just the right size for a glass topped coffee table.”
“I thought I sent you to tennis camp,” said Mona. “No stops at the salvage yard to watch the crusher without calling in first. I mean, it is hypnotizing to stand there and make up stories about those cars as they get made flat, pop, crunch, rip, tear. Some great percussion comes out of the crusher.”
“Hey, I was just coming back through the center of town. This bunch of guys in a Gremlin—you remember those cars?—cut off a humongous garbage truck to get a parking space in front of Starbucks. They all pile out and run inside. The garbage guy gives ’em the finger, backs up, forks up the car and dumps it over the top and into the hopper. A course he runs over it first to flatten it a little so it fits. He drives away and the idiots come out and start looking for their transport or whatever they considered it. That’s when I left.” 
Mona just shook her head and went back inside.
“So where are we shopping tonight?” I turned to Belle.
“There’s three shoe stores uptown, and a few of the clothing stores carry shoes so we gotta hit them too. Should take about an hour. Then we break for a glass of wine. Then we go back and check out the lingerie store. Then we get glass of wine number two. Back to the clothing stores, we can try for some plain black stuff for the first date. If there’s a second date, we might need to go with a little bling and some color. One more glass of wine before we call it a night.”
Mona came back out with more fare slips and we each took one.
“Meet back here at five thirty?” said Belle.
“Deal,” I said, looking at my slip: kids from high school to Hampshire Heights. It was after school hours, so my guess was detention, mostly because that’s where I spent my after school hours in a flat-topped brick prison. 
I was half right. Two brothers hopped in the back seat. The older was finishing up a week’s worth of detention, the younger was finishing his science project. They were doing the sibling rivalry thing with a critique of each other’s lives. 
“You got brains enough to know they won’t do squat for you. They’re just out for themselves. You’re smart enough to get that.”
“I ain’t got shit for brains. When Mama screwed my time around, she held back on the brain cells. Kept everything for when you rolled out her snatch.”
“Why you have to talk like that? I know how smart you are and it’s plenty. Those guys are just dumb assholes sent to see who they can con into getting shot for the big guys somewhere else.”
“Yeah, you know so much, you tell me where the big honchos are. I’ll go enroll with ’em myself.”
“The big guys don’t send their kids out to get shot. You do know there’s a war going on now, right? They just need cannon fodder.”
When they finally got out of the cab I hadn’t figured out if they were being recruited by the local gang or the armed forces. How young did the army start grooming kids for a quick sign up right after graduation? And how many politicians sent their own kids to war? 
On the other hand, I knew the local gang structure was looking for new blood and that there was a new group in town testing the waters for possible members. Since Terry and Tomas were safe, neither scenario was my problem, so I headed back to the garage. 
Mona was outside waiting when I pulled up. “Got two more runs, one from Salvo House and one from the Senior Center. Both are going to the spandex highway and they want to ride share. There’s three of them heading out on a tricycle tour.”
The spandex highway is the local name for the old railroad bed that has been converted to a biking/walking/running trail. There are lots of good programs for the elderly and the disabled that involve exercise on the trail and I transport a variety of groups of elderly women to one of the tricycle programs. I picked the first one up in front of Salvo House subsidized housing and whizzed around to the Senior Center which is right around the corner. Two more ladies, dressed in their spandex best, got in the cab.
“You’re just trying to get his attention and it won’t work,” said the one with short curly snow-white hair.
“I don’t need to work that hard to get anyone’s attention. Remember the geezer who used to come around my apartment last year. He was quite the stud. And he paid a lot of attention to me.”
“He was paying attention to your oxy meds. And he’s disappeared into the prison system so don’t get your hopes up for ever seeing him again,” replied the third old lady.
I recalled the drug ring being run by a very handsome elderly gentleman that Lucille had helped bust last year and assumed that was who they were talking about.
“Yeah, all the good ones are either impotent or locked up.” Her friend shook her head.
“We outlast all of ’em. Personally, I don’t need men anyway. I got Superman stored in my bedside table. In fact, I got three different Supermans in there.”
“Men, Supermen,” the first lady spoke up, “you can’t live with ’em and you can’t shoot ’em. Vibrators, on the other hand. If they don’t do the job, you just get new batteries.”
“Or a new vibrator. I heard about a new one just out called Wonder Woman. Then there’s a mini-version of it for travel called What Man?”
“Yeah, next time we take a taxi, I want to visit the porn store. I need a new toy.”
I dropped them off as fast as possible, wondering what Jon would think about a vibrator in the bedside table. His personal, attached sex toy worked so well I decided not to ask.
I finished the day by picking up the same ladies from the bike trail. They were still arguing about the attributes of men versus machine when I dropped them off. I headed back to the garage to meet Belle and Betsy for a shopping night out. I wondered if we would stop by the uptown sex store. It was right near the shoe store. Everything in Northampton is right near. It’s a small town.
Belle and Betsy had beat me by five minutes and were transferring their oversized bags to Belle’s Mini-Cooper. 
“Why aren’t we walking?” I asked.
“Because I really, really like motoring in my baby,” she said, stroking the driver’s door of the Mini. “And I promised Betsy I’d show it off to her. We’re going to take a two-exit run down the interstate just so she can feel it at speed. This little package can really move. It does have balls.”
I didn’t want to think about packages after the discussion about vibrator vs. male packages so I happily piled into the back seat and off we motored.
We hit the on ramp to the route south and Belle put the pedal down. The Mini-Cooper responded with the same love that Belle showered on it and we took off at arrest speed.
“Regrettably there’s a speed trap right up here, which you should know for when you start making airport runs. Right now, it’s just gonna slow us down a little.”
Belle slowed to a sedate seventy miles an hour. We rounded the big curve and saw the state police car just as an aging mixed color first generation Prius tried to fly by and wobble in front to cut us off. They didn’t have the power to really fly by but the maneuver they pulled was so poorly done that they fish-tailed down the highway. They were still fighting for control of the car when they passed the cops. Belle slowed enough to let the police interceptor out ahead of us. We pulled to the left as the officer flipped on the lights and siren behind the multi-hued Prius. I turned to watch as it stumbled to the side of the interstate. We continued to the next exit and Belle swung back to downtown and into the parking garage. Our first stop would be the shoe store as we exited the garage.
We might not have made it any farther, but we had promised not to make any final decisions until after the first glass of wine. The window was all red shoes and I thought Belle might get out of control.
“Screw the Red Hat Society. I’m starting a Red Shoe Society for women under thirty,” she said as she checked out the window.
“Hey, I’m over thirty!” said Betsy.
“And I’m not that far away,” I added.
“Okay, a Red Shoe Society for women under thirty or women over thirty.”
“Works for me,” we said in unison. We went into the store to get a closer look, agreed on which shoes were the best three for Betsy and decided to go out to the wine bar on Main Street to discuss the pros and cons of our possible selections.
We wandered out of the shoe store and down Main Street in the general direction of the wine bar. A group of teenagers was gathered in front of the phone store. There was some shouting and shoving happening between a few of them. I noticed a man, older than teenage, probably mid to late twenties, on the sidelines.
We were trying to decide whether to challenge their domination of the sidewalk or cross the street when they started forming a loose circle and I realized that one of them had a knife.
“I got 911 on speed dial,” said Belle, pulling out her cell phone. In less than two minutes we heard a siren. One of the kids shoved another into the circle. A leg kicked out, the knife flashed, suddenly everyone was running and there was one kid left, lying on the sidewalk. I started forward when my favorite cop came running up the street. He might have been at the station or somewhere uptown. Sometimes on foot is the fastest way to get anywhere in a small town.
The kid moaning on the sidewalk was cut, badly. Jon pulled a handkerchief out of his pocket. He stuffed it into the wound just above the kid’s knee. He whipped off his belt and strapped it around the leg above the wound. The ambulance pulled up thirty seconds later and the EMTs loaded up their stretcher and screamed off down the street. 
Jon sat back against the wall of the phone store, hanging his head between his knees. I noticed one of the employees from the store was outside with his smart phone making a movie out of the whole incident.
“We’ll see that on the five o’clock news,” muttered Belle, “and cop central admin is going to love, love, love it.”
I went over to Jon and offered him a hand up.
“I gotta go wash this off.” He sat, slumped, staring at his hands as if they may not have belonged to him. He hadn’t had time to glove up before he stuffed the cloth into the open flesh and his hands were dripping the dark red of fresh blood. 
Belle got on the other side of him and we pulled him up by the elbows.
“I’ll go back to the station with him,” I said to Belle and Betsy. 
“Go! Betsy and I will bring in all the goodies tomorrow to show you. We can have a fashion show,” said Belle.
Two more cops arrived in the forensic van and started taking crime scene photos. One of them grabbed a bottle of alcohol, led Jon to the edge of the sidewalk and poured it over his bloody hands. 
“Now get back to the station and disinfect,” he said, returning to photograph more of the scene.

I sat in the lobby of the cop house after handing Jon over to another EMT. A half hour later he came out with a fresh shirt on, looking like he had just stepped out of the shower. 
He crossed the lobby in two steps and wrapped his arms around me. “The kid is still in surgery. He’s only fourteen years old and already has a gang loyalty. Jesus, what’s happening?” Jon rested his head on mine and stood for a few seconds before pulling back and looking down at me.
“Can you round up the kids and get an ID on which one did it?” I asked.
“If he’s willing to take a knife for his gang, he probably won’t even talk to me about who else was involved. They’ll want to deal with it internally. That’s how these feuds get started. It’s not just turf or business. It’s honor, respect, saving face. It’s how ninety percent of the world lives.” He paused and put an arm around my shoulder. “Shit, the cops are a gang when you come down to it. Kill a cop and all hell breaks loose. We defend our own the same way the gangs do.”
I let him talk, steering toward the door. I knew he could take the rest of the day off but probably didn’t want to. Walking around his town, seeing the good stuff, would help.
We wandered up onto Main Street. Jon walked over to the crime scene. The forensic van was gone and the phone store clerk was out in front hosing the sidewalk.
“Everything okay now?” asked Jon.
“Oh, yeah, you’re the guy I got the line on. Man, those were some good films. You’re gonna be on the evening news. And I’m gonna pay my rent.”
Jon groaned and steered me away from the idiot who made more on the crime than a week’s salary for the guy who saved the kid’s life. I really wanted to swing my big bag into his head but I figured Jon didn’t need any more violence today.
The phone guy was right. The film he shot made the evening news. He got interviewed and pointed out how accurate the color was with this camera in this phone. He demonstrated by zooming in on the blood while it was still red. 
“Asshole,” muttered Jon, flicking the TV off. “Probably sold a dozen of that fucking phone before closing.”
We heard barking and shouting in the backyard. Jon had fenced in part of it in a futile attempt to keep the rabbits out of Lucille’s garden. The local varmint population had taken it as a challenge and dug under, chewed through and probably learned how to open the gate. It did, however, keep the dog inside. Oz would either keep the rabbits out or make friends with them. I suspected the latter was most likely. Or he would sleep through the invasion. 
Oz was racing around the garden in an encompassing circle, carrying a stick and being chased by laughing children. Jon opened the back door on his side and Oz made a beeline. Dropping the stick at Jon’s feet, he sat back on his haunches in worshipful silence, waiting for the delivered prize to be accepted.
“Huh,” said Jon, picking up the stick and throwing it to the far side of the yard. Oz retrieved it and retrieved it and retrieved it. With each toss of the stick, Jon seemed to relax a little more.
Finally, he turned to the boys. “How do you turn him off?” 
“We go inside,” they said in unison. 
“Good idea. Let’s talk.” Jon and I followed them into Lucille’s side of the two-family house. 
It was getting close to dinner time and Lucille had a full head of steam in the kitchen. Judging from the quantity of food being shoveled to the table, that family now included Jon and me. 
“Please bring over two more chairs,” she said to Tomas. “Terry, you may set the table.” Lucille was commanding the dinner table like a drill sergeant with new recruits. These boys had never had so much discipline or so much attention. I waited for instructions for Jon or myself but apparently we were playing the role of guests tonight. Maybe we were going to do the dishes later.
A roast chicken appeared miraculously from the oven. A salad was already on the table and I hoped rabbit parts were not included. I didn’t see any floppy ears so, when Lucille finally sat down, I dug in.
It was a round table so Jon was able to talk to both boys at the same time. “You guys hear about the kid that got stabbed in town today?”
“Uh, we saw you on the news. What happened to him?”
“He’ll live,” said Jon, chewing slowly, making eye contact with each boy. “Did either of you recognize any of the other kids?”
“The film didn’t show much else. The kid who took it pretty much zeroed in on you and that kid,” said Terry, “and the blood.” 
“What do you know about the kid that got stabbed?”
Jon was a clever interrogator. He started with the assumption that the boys knew the victim. If they did and they wanted to deny it, they would have to lie to a cop. Not a good beginning from their viewpoint.
“I think the fight wasn’t about the gangs. I think it was a girl.”
“Ah, geez,” said Jon, hiding a smile.
“Yeah,” said Terry. “I’ve been watching the gang thing. Most of the recruiting isn’t so stupid.” He glanced over at Tomas. “Except these new guys. They don’t know any better so they just do what they did at home in Mexico, or further south. But, I think, they’re in way over their heads. I listened to them when they held me prisoner and they have some organization at home in Mexico, but they don’t know anyone here. There’s someone in charge at this end but they haven’t had any contact with him.”
Jon stared at him. “You speak Spanish?”
“I wanted to hang with the Hispanic kids when I lived in New York, so I learned Spanish from the library tapes. It was Spanish Spanish, so the Mexican Spanish is different but close enough.”
“I speak some Mexican,” said Tomas. “I had a foster family when I was a kid, like a little kid. The grandma was Mexican.”
Lucille muttered something in Spanish. 
“Whoa,” said Terry. “I never heard you say that before. Am I allowed to translate?” He grinned. Catching Lucille in an oops moment was rare for him.
“Back to this Mexican crew that’s looking for new members. What else can you tell me about what they said, what their plan might be?”
“They don’t have one. That’s what we’re telling you. They aren’t dumb, but they don’t know what to do up here. They just do what they know and that won’t work here. The other gangs don’t want them here. They don’t want that kind of crazy. These new guys are getting some sort of direction, but they don’t know how to make it work for them.”
Oz, sensing tension, had planted himself under the table, trying to cover his bases by lying on everyone’s feet at the same time. I slipped one foot out of my shoe and wiggled it under his soft fur. He washed my toes.
“Tomas.” Jon turned to the younger boy. “Tell me about the burns and tattoos on your arms.”
Tomas blushed and looked away. “The Mexican kids. The other gangs were talking to me because of the way I remember things. The Mexicans caught me alone one day and told me that I was theirs from now on. They showed me what would happen if I didn’t do what they said and then they gave me the gun to rob the store. That’s when Miss Lucille found me.”
“How many of them are there?” asked Jon.
“There were ten that I saw. Nine after Miss Lucille shot one of them. There’s one who, I guess, is the sort of leader. He killed the one who was wounded.”
Lucille looked away from the table. She got up and walked over to the counter. Oz deserted my feet and followed her. He leaned on her leg and thrust his nose into her hand.
“I’m sorry, Lucille,” said Jon.
She turned. “It is what it is. Everyone makes choices. Some are easier than others. The most important choice for us is where we go now.”
“Terry, how old are these guys, the ones who kidnapped you?” asked Jon.
“I think most of them are over sixteen. There were a couple who looked younger. The one who killed the other one was older, maybe twenty, maybe a little more.” Terry knew sixteen would be a tipping point in the criminal justice system. Eighteen would be even more important. The reality was that if immigration got hold of them, they would go back to Mexico and probably become an important part of a gang. Like Lucille said, choices.
Jon was getting a pretty good picture of what this new gang was going after. The heroin franchise in northern New England was an up and coming and very lucrative investment. Somebody was trying to force their way in. 
None of us believed that the players we had seen were the brains behind the move, mostly because the brains were pretty limited in this group. 
“Jonny,” said Lucille, “these young men don’t have the capacity to take over anything up here. There is a puppet master somewhere. What worries me is that there doesn’t seem to be a high level of funding. That tells me the puppet master isn’t committed at that level yet. These boys are a trial balloon.”
“Uh huh,” said Jon. He thought the same way Lucille did, but he didn’t buy into her more creative labels.
“I’m leaving Tomas here as a confidential informant. I’ve explained the dangers on a need-to-know basis. Everyone seems okay for now about having him stay with you,” Jon said to Lucille. He turned to Tomas. “That could change fast so you need to stay on the straight and narrow. Lucille can home-school you or whatever she thinks best, but I don’t want you to leave the house.”
Everyone agreed to the plan about Tomas. Terry could return to school. I would drive him back and forth to avoid exposure to would be kidnappers.
Jon and I went back to Jon’s side of the house. I had an early morning train station pick-up. The kids from Hampshire Heights who were either opening a MacDonald’s or bidding on some new illegal drug franchise were coming back from the high-level meetings in New York and needed a lift home.
Oz had decided that his loyalties of the moment were with the kids, so he had joined them in their bedroom.
My loyalties were to Jon’s bedroom. They proved to be well placed. 




Chapter Nine

Early the next morning I headed to the train station to pick up the would-be entrepreneurs that I had dropped off a few days earlier. I would come back to pick up Terry and take him to school and then check into Cool Rides in hopes of something lucrative enough to fund new shoes or not there underwear. Belle and Betsy were going shopping after work for the final outfit for Betsy’s date. I wanted to join them, but I felt the need to be part of the spending group since Belle dominated the advice end of things. 
When I got to the train station, there was only one other car. It was a minivan in basic dark blue with three different color doors, two missing hubcaps and a Baby on Board sticker in the back window. There must have been an unending supply of mini vans with that sticker on the window because there was no way the last one I saw survived to drive again. Its demise had been complete, spectacular, and final.
I pulled in front of the van, closer to the station door where my fares would appear. The whistle and bell announced the arrival of the train and I got out to open doors.
The passengers from the van also decamped. Uh oh! I recognized the Mexican wanna-be gangstas. While I was dithering about whether to hop back in the taxi and leave, my fares came out and headed toward the cab. They were dressed in suits this time, carrying briefcases and looking like the average businessman arriving to exploit the working masses. I couldn’t tell if the newcomers were there to greet the new bosses or mow down the competition.
I slithered back into the cab, leaving the back door open just in case my fares made it that far. 
The gangsta kids spread out, raised their weapons and opened fire. Mow down the competition, it was. I got ready to depart without my fares.
Apparently the Mexican newbies hadn’t felt they needed any more ammunition after the bonanza they got at Guns and Daisies. There was lots of gunfire, no hits and my customers dove into the backseat unscathed before I had a chance to slam it into drive. The would-be gang had used up at least half of the blanks Lucille had purchased for them. I didn’t stop to explain that they didn’t need more target practice. I figured letting them think that they couldn’t hit the broad side of anything was a good idea. I laid rubber all the way to the interstate and delivered my clients home in good shape. 
There were lots of raised voices and wild gestures from the back seat on the way home and I decided the short but noisy interaction at the train station told me that my fares weren’t looking to open a Burger King. But, apparently under the false impression that I had risked my life and waited for them, they tipped well enough to fund the evening shopping trip. The reality was, I just hadn’t gotten the gear shift out of park in the time it took them to get from the door of the train station to the door of my cab. Maybe they should consider trying out for sprinting in the Olympics. 
I dropped them at Hampshire Heights and drove back to pick up Terry for his ride to school. I knew the police should know about the start-up business that my fares from Hamp Heights were considering. I would need to tell Jon about the shoot-out, or, more accurately, the attempted target practice, at the train station. The rest he would figure out on his own. The cops could decide how they wanted to handle local dealers who were making deals and contacts with New York.
I decided to talk to him about it tonight, after I had gone shopping with Belle and Betsy. I planned to reinforce my charms with a new pair of slut shoes and a glitter-barely-there top and matching thong.
Terry was ready to go when I pulled up in front of the house. He got in the front passenger side and handed me a grocery list and a signed check made out to the local big box grocery store. “Lucille said she doesn’t want to leave Tomas alone, so she wants you to do the shopping for dinner and breakfast and after school snacks and dessert.”
“A teenage boy’s hollow legs, huh?” I smiled at him.
He blushed and squirmed in his seat. “I ate pretty well off the streets in New York. But it was always leftovers. I’ve never had food right off the stove before. This is the first time Tomas has had anything besides school lunch. It’s weird.”
I dropped him at school and waited until he was inside. The shopping took me the better part of forty minutes. It took an hour to deliver, unload, unpack and put away all the groceries. Lucille handed me a check to Cool Rides and a bag of chocolate chip, walnut, pecan, butterscotch cookies.
“I’m trying to use up a bag of butterscotch chips I got from one of the old geezers at the senior center. He was looking for a bigger favor than a measly bag of chips ever bought anyone. Unless it was Las Vegas chips. I remember a time in that city...” She trailed off when Tomas walked into the kitchen.
“Thanks,” I said around a bite of sweet bliss and headed for the door.

I spent the rest of the day, until I was scheduled to pick up Terry at school, running airports. Betsy was pairing up with Belle on a lot of local runs and learning the scene. That included who to pick up if they had money in hand before they got in the cab, who not to pick up under any circumstances and which fares to fight the other cab companies for. Since we were the cleanest and most reliable of all the transportation in the city, we didn’t have to fight very much. Our cars were easy to spot, and people in the know tended to look for them first.
Betsy’s ambition today was enough tips to afford the red and gold shoes in an uptown store, just in case her first date proceeded to a second. Belle was behaving like a mother hen showing her only chick how to find the sweetest corn kernels. I smiled, remembering when I did the same for Belle. I showed her driving tricks and she tried to show me fashion tricks that she knew from her time as a working girl. She was the better student.
I intended to join the shopping spree, another good way to avoid talking to Jon about my early morning fare. I would see him afterward when I was well enough armed to distract him with the proper shoes and see-through, barely-there, undies. 
By six o’clock I was back at Cool Rides and all my passengers were on their way by train, plane or automobile to other destinations. Terry was home with Lucille and Tomas. Belle and Betsy were getting ready to walk uptown. I explained that I needed some sleepwear as well as a new pair of bedroom shoes. That piqued their interest and we set off at a pace that only very focused female shoppers can achieve—a fast walk that still allowed enough breath for gossip and girl-talk.
We passed a sports shoe store, not what we needed today. The owner was outside painting the wall next to his door. It had been tagged overnight with some intricate gang language that only certain members of the population understood. I knew that the local businesses did a lot of paint over. I didn’t know how to translate any of the tags but I was pretty sure someone was marking territory.
Belle was an expert guide to downtown shopping. We started at a lingerie store named Barely There Slut Wear and I had my sleepy time outfit before the first glass of wine. We hit the shoe store, From Sensible to Slut Shoes, after we hit the wine bar. Marketing research seemed to have developed a new theme. I wondered whether the potential franchisees from the train station had given any thought to market branding. Since their product didn’t interest me, the thought was fleeting.
Betsy and I left after trying on most of the shoe store inventory, each with a pair of shoes and happy in the knowledge that our respective partners could be subjected to the wow factor on our feet. 
Belle dropped me at Jon’s house. I could walk to work the next morning, just not in the black suede, open toe, bells and whistles, six-inch spike heels that were in the shopping bag.
I opened the door to find Jon slumped on the couch watching the news. It looked depressingly the same as last night’s news, so I ventured an interruption. 
“I did some runs to the train station today,” I said, dropping my bag and plopping down next to him.
“Uh huh,” said Jon. He was playing man of few words tonight, but he did turn to look at my sneaker clad feet.
“In Springfield.”
“Uh huh.”
“There was some gunfire.”
“Uh huh.”
“No one was hurt.”
“How much gunfire?”
“Made a lot of noise.”
“How many shots were fired?”
“A lot. I sort of lost track in the rush to leave.”
“Uh huh.” 
“You knew about this didn’t you?”
“Uh huh.”
“You are such a cop.”
“Yup.”
I crossed my arms and leaned back on the couch. “Ass,” I said.
“I talked to Springfield. Then Mona told me you’d gone shopping. I figured you’d tell me about the fire-fight when the shoes were good enough to distract me from the conversation.” Jon reached for my foot. He untied the laces on my sneaker and slid the shoe off. He began to massage my foot, finally raising it to his lips and kissing one toe at a time.
“Should I be putting on the shoes?”
“You’ll give me names and addresses in the morning?”
“Uh huh.”
“Yes, to the shoes,” he said and gently let my foot down to the floor. He kissed the inside of my knee. “Honey,” he said.
“Umm?”
“I’m glad you told me about Springfield.” His hand stroked up my leg.
“Me too.”
He pulled off my other shoe, running his thumb around my foot. His other hand flicked open the button. That’s when I lost track of just how happy I was that I had told him. I hadn’t mentioned that the bullets had been blanks or how I knew that. Nobody from the Guns and Daisies hold-up had spoken to the police. Too much paperwork, said the owner. And he didn’t want to scare off new clients with a reputation for armed robbery. Although, he added, there was a clientele that would find that attractive. But they usually didn’t want to pay for the product.
If Jon knew about the blanks, he kept it to himself.
By the time he carried me to the bedroom, wrapped around him like a hungry python, Springfield was a distant memory.
The next morning the gunfight at the OK corral came roaring back into my brain like a train when I staggered out to the kitchen and Jon handed me coffee.
He pushed a pad of yellow legal sized paper across the table with the cup of coffee.
“You haven’t seen the shoes yet,” I said.
Jon leaned against the counter. “Uh huh.”
“Or the Barely There Slut Wear.”
Jon’s eyes got darker, but he added a pencil to the paper.
“They were from Hampshire Heights,” I said, feeling like I might be accusing someone of something, but I didn’t know what and I had no idea if it was illegal. Most people have problems dealing with parking tickets, let alone an accusation of drug dealing. I felt like a gossip more than a snitch, and I didn’t like either.
“All we’re going to do is watch them. Your speculation that they may be dealers isn’t enough to bring them in even for questioning, let alone arrest them.” He ran a hand through his hair.
“If those crazies from Mexico are really out to eliminate the competition, you may be saving the lives of those guys from the Heights. Having us stake them out may turn up the Mexicans before it gets us any evidence against the locals.”
I sighed. “You can get the apartment number from Mona. I’ve forgotten which it was. They all look alike to me.”
Jon grinned and picked up the pad of paper.
“I’m off to the station. I’ll call Mona from there. You need a ride?”
“No, I need a shower, more coffee, some toast, and the walk will do me good,” I said. I had some time before Lucille would call. Terry didn’t need to get to school today so it would probably be another grocery run.
“Tonight. The shoes,” said Jon, leaning over and kissing me hard and possessively. “Thank Belle for me.”
What Jon didn’t tell me, what I learned later that day, was that the police department had someone already planted inside the taxi company. So any pick-ups of Hampshire Heights latest businessmen would be Betsy’s job. I couldn’t believe she had to shoot someone for me to peg her as a cop. My cop radar was clearly being blocked by the excitement of shoe shopping. My philosophy has always been, don’t get mad, get even, so Jon would pay for this lack of transparency. What I needed to figure out was how to make him pay without losing those one-of-a-kind moments that he helped me experience.




Chapter Ten

I was walking down the hill to Cool Rides when Belle come out of the office, stretched and looked over toward the cabs that were parked by the oversized garage door. My vantage point allowed me to see the panoramic view and I noticed a man in a hoodie crouching next to one of the cars. 
That didn’t look right so I picked up my pace to a jog and slid to a stop just as Belle sauntered over to the hoodie, leaned her six feet of mocha brown—plus four inches of Afro—woman over his shoulder. Betsy had followed Belle out the office door and was watching the interaction.
“Excuse me, asshole, but that would be my ride for the day and I’m not happy to see you touching the all-important wheels.”
The guy jumped, clearly not expecting someone to notice that he was attempting to release large quantities of air from the tire. He sprang up and slashed out with a long, lethal looking knife. 
Belle jumped back and screeched, “That’s my new jacket, you son of a cock-sucker.” A long slit had appeared where the knife had connected with the sparkling material. 
The weapon-wielding idiot lunged again, swinging the knife in front of Belle. 
I was coming up to assist somehow when there was a gunshot and the would-be assassin’s leg crumpled beneath him. Betsy charged up and stuck her weapon in his face. “Freeze, mutha-fucker.” She grinned. “I’ve been waiting to say that since I graduated from the academy.”
“What the fuck!?” I said. “I’ve been waiting to say that since I walked out the door this morning.”
“Shit, look at my brand-new jacket!” said Belle. “I haven’t been waiting to say that ever!!”
Mona walked over. “How about never bring a knife to a gun fight? Besides, I thought you were supposed to aim for maximum mass.”
“I did, I just missed,” said Betsy.
“You knew?” Belle and I said in unison, turning to Mona. We had both figured out Betsy’s reference to the police academy about the same time Mona entered the crime scene. Great minds were on the same page.
“Well, sort of,” she said. “I knew they were going to send someone. They didn’t tell me she was already here.”
“She’s armed. Didn’t that give you a hint?” Belle asked.
“So are you. So’s most of the world. And most of the world isn’t in law enforcement. Besides, don’t be so pissy. She probably saved your life.”
“Huh. She could have saved my new jacket if she’d shot him a little faster.”
“Anyway, now your cover is blown,” I said, thinking about Jon’s reaction.
“Only if any of you blab about it. No reason for anyone to think I’m anything but a well-armed cabbie.” Betsy looked down at her rapidly fading prisoner. “I guess we should call an ambulance.”
“I already did,” said Mona.
“Doesn’t look lethal anyway, maybe a few stitches,” said Belle, taking off her jacket to examine the slice more closely.
“I don’t think stitches are what they use to remove a bullet,” said Mona.
“I meant the jacket,” said Belle, shrugging back into the wounded clothing.
“See, that could have been you instead of the jacket. You gotta be positive about things,” said Betsy.
“You could view it as a reason to go shopping,” I added.
“Huh, maybe a sign from a higher power, the shopping god,” replied Belle as we heard a siren coming around the corner.
“And Jon says thanks for the shoes which he hasn’t seen yet. We didn’t make it to the fashion show part of last night’s entertainment.”
“And I need to check out the new undies uptown for my date tonight,” said Betsy.
“You’re still going?”
“Well, duh! Of course I’m still going. Right now, I better read this fool his rights before they take him away.” Betsy stepped over to meet the EMTs and checked with the prisoner about which language to use in the Miranda rights. He glowered at her, so she read it in English and then in Spanish, with what sounded to my untrained ear like a passable accent. 
The paramedics whipped the guy who failed gun fight 101up onto a gurney and got ready to leave just as a cruiser pulled into the parking lot. Jon hopped out of the passenger side and stopped to view the scene before he trotted over to check out the prisoner. A uniform got out of the police car and walked over to watch the proceedings. 
Jon motioned him to the gurney. The wounded man was hand and ankle cuffed to the metal sides of the bed. “Stay with him, shackled, at all times. Post guard, go to the operating room with him. This guy is important. Don’t let him talk to anyone besides authorized medical personnel.” 
The uniform nodded and climbed into the ambulance with the jacket slasher.
Jon watched them pull out of the lot. He turned and strolled over to the four of us. Belle was standing defiantly, hands on hips, clearly displaying the wounded jacket. Betsy stood at attention for a superior officer and boss. Mona started to turn toward the office. I stared at my shoes, the ground, the grass, the trees, the sky. Anything but Jon.
He was absolutely in cop mode. He bypassed Belle and went to Betsy. 
“Is your cover blown?” he asked.
“Not if these guys don’t talk.” She made an all-encompassing gesture at Cool Rides, Belle, me and Mona. “They know who I am, but I can still drive if the prisoner is really secured and he doesn’t talk.”
“Good, that’s good.” 
I noticed Jon wasn’t looking at me either. Once he knew I was okay maybe he felt just a little guilty about not telling me that we had an undercover in our midst. We had done the ultimate inclusion when we took her girl shopping. I’d given Jon information of some value this morning. I expected something in return. Maybe he could buy the next pair of shoes.
An hour later, Jon had a pretty clear idea of what had happened. He didn’t know why the hoodie guy was sabotaging the cars. His guess was intimidation factors. He would find out more when he headed up to the hospital. He walked over to the cruiser. Then he turned, walked back and stood in front of me. He leaned close and whispered in my ear.
“Tonight, those shoes, the barely there stuff.” He made a frustrated noise in his throat, kissed me as if something more were about to happen, stood back, breathed out, and stalked back to the car. His tires scuffed the pavement on his way out of the parking lot. 
A silly grin spread across my face.
“That’s a man with a lot on his mind. And other parts of his body. Whoee!” said Belle, coming up behind me. “You better deliver tonight!”
“Me? He’s gonna be the one delivering. But I might want a quick trip home to use a razor before I model those sensible shoes.”
“Nothin’ more sensible than a good pair of shoes used the proper way.” Belle stretched out her leg and admired her low-heeled chrome edged footwear. “Yup, I might have to visit the Judge tonight. Might need a new jacket.”
“Or you could use the knife slice for a sympathy scene.”
“Nah, don’t want him distracted by worry. He doesn’t handle me being in danger well. I don’t tell him about all the crazies we haul around,” said Belle.
“He probably sees most of them in his courtroom.”
Belle sighed. “I do love a man of power. He looks so hot in those robes.”
“If you ever get around to doing it, maybe you should ask him to wear the robes.”
“I’d rather see the whole package wearing nothing. I think I’d respond even better to that.”
“Men,” said Riggs, joining us. “You can’t please ’em and you can’t shoot ’em.”
“Uh oh. Pre-engagement jitters?”
“Just a general comment. Henry and I are doing fine without the footwear you ladies use so well. We do have other tricks.”
We all turned and headed back to start the day. Willie came out and inspected the wheels and tires on all the cabs and declared them fit to drive. It’s easy to let air out of tires on most cars and I was surprised that the idiot hadn’t done it early in the morning when no one was around. Maybe he liked to sleep late. Or maybe he was just stupid.
Belle got the plum drive with a ride to Boston’s Logan airport. Riggs took some late rising students to class because they had missed the free public transportation. Betsy went to Hampshire Heights. 
I headed over to Lucille’s house to take her—or at least her money—grocery shopping. As long as she had two teenage boys in the house, the grocery shopping would be a daily drive for me. I liked it and it paid well. Since the cookie platters had been replaced by fruit bowls, I might not pop the top button on my jeans as often.
When I got to Lucille’s, a high protein, bacon and egg breakfast was being served. I joined the table and recounted the morning’s event with the tire deflating fool and, most importantly, Belle’s jacket disaster.
Lucille smiled one of her down memory lane smiles. “Belle rarely needs an excuse to go shopping but it’s always nice to rationalize. I remember one afternoon in Paris, we had a Visa card that belonged to someone from the other side. Mind you, even the KGB carried Visa. I can’t imagine how they thought charge cards might manage in the worker’s paradise without capitalism. Anyway, we did our best to bankrupt the Russian secret service. Ah, those were the days. You always knew who to be mad at then. And a revenge shopping trip was sweet.”
Lucille said all this while shoveling large quantities of scrambled eggs onto plates and slapping them in front of two wide-eyed boys. Neither of them knew the extent of Lucille’s past life. I had gotten hints in the few years I had known her. Jon told me more stories, mostly uncorroborated, he explained. 
The rumor was that she had taken a bullet for one of the presidents although it was unclear which president was involved. It might have been easier to figure out if anyone knew Lucille’s real age. Then there were a few assassinations that no one would take credit for. The one time I had asked outright about her background she had gone into her dithery southern belle persona. “Why, I just don’t know what y’all may be referring to,” she had drawled.
Whatever she had done previously, she was still a great shot on the target range and a pretty solid cook as well. I dug into eggs with sweet red peppers and purple onions while I examined the shopping list. I noticed that the usual stop at the liquor store for a bottle of wine had been eliminated. Setting an example for the kids, I guessed. Table flowers were still on the list. The grocery store had a florist, but Lucille preferred the roses at Guns and Daisies. It would be fun to visit with Chaz.
I was checking with Lucille about what kind of flowers she wanted when the doorbell rang. 
Terry got up and peeked out the window. “A flower delivery,” he said. “Should I open the door?”
“Well, of course, dear,” said Lucille as she slid the kitchen junk drawer open, caressing the Glock within. She glanced at me and I got up to take possession of the pink tea roses in a crystal vase that the delivery guy held out. 
“For Miss Lucille,” he said. 
Lucille dug in her pocket and handed me a five-dollar bill.
The floral delivery departed as I handed Lucille the white card.
“Ah, Antoni. Such a sentimental asshole.”
“He did help us get away from those crazy people,” Terry reminded her. “And if you can say asshole, why can’t me and Tomas?”
“Because he knows those crazy people and lots more like them, and you and Tomas are still developing your language skills,” Lucille said and upended the roses into the trash. “It’s Tomas and I, and I prefer yellow anyway.”
Scarpelli was stepping up his courtship again now that he had been allowed into Lucille’s good graces. I wondered how he felt about adopting a couple of teenage boys. By the time he got that far into her good graces, the boys would be grown and gone. I left the stop at Guns and Daisies on the agenda.
An hour and a half later I pulled up in front of Lucille’s house with enough food to make the term Hunger Games irrelevant. Jon’s unmarked was parked in his side of the driveway. Scarpelli’s stealth mobile was parked next to it. 
Uh oh, I thought and got out of the cab cautiously. I off loaded the numerous fabric bags stuffed with fresh everything, left them on Lucille’s doorstep and returned to the cab for the flowers. When I got back to the door, the locks were being opened. 
When the third one slipped back the door opened and Antoni Scarpelli stood looking at me. “Ah, my dear, a sight for the eyes. Always so beautiful.”
Jon walked up behind him and I backed up a step to avoid any flying objects, like bullets, that either one of them might decide to initiate. 
“Back off, old man, she’s taken!” said Jon, gently turning Scarpelli by the shoulders and sending him back to the kitchen table. Jon leaned over, kissed me hard and picked up all the bags in one hand. 
I followed with the flowers, wondering where and when I had become taken.
“Oh, how lovely,” said Lucille.
Scarpelli eyed the yellow roses, his focus moving briefly to the pink ones still visible in the trash. He sighed. He might have won some gratitude by rescuing Terry but it would take more than flowers to let him into the affections and inner circle of Lucille.
I was glad to see a fresh batch of cookies on the table. I sat next to Jon and took an oatmeal raisin, trying to be healthy. Terry and Tomas were sitting side by side. I gathered that there was an informal interview happening. I wondered what Scarpelli was bringing to the table. 
“We identified the body of the one you wounded,” said Jon, turning to Lucille.
“Now we need to know who killed him.” She frowned.
“His name is—was—Pablo Corbles,” Tomas blurted out. “I saw Pablo die. I couldn’t help him. I don’t think Pablo was any older than me. The other guy, the one who killed Pablo, I think he liked that he could kill someone that way. After he did it, he turned to me and said, I like to hurt people.” 
Tomas stopped abruptly, pushed his chair back and stood up. “Excuse me. I gotta...” He fled to the bathroom and slammed the door. 
Oz leaped up, trotted down the hallway and planted himself in front of the bathroom door. He sat at attention facing us, letting us know that he had the situation under control.
Lucille glanced at Scarpelli. I wondered how he felt about pulling the triggers or how Lucille felt. I knew I couldn’t do it unless it was a him or me situation. Even then...?
“We should leave him alone for a while,” said Terry. “He got to know the younger kids a little. They’re close to his age and he knew the kid who was killed. That older guy? He would have shot someone anyway. That was just an excuse to make the rest of the kids more afraid. He knew they were thinking about running away.”
“Seriously? Were they seriously trying to get out of it?” asked Lucille.
“They were pretty afraid. Then when he killed Pablo, they were more afraid of him than of wandering around in unknown territory. But I think they might try to disappear anyway.”
“Maybe that’s the plan!” Lucille looked somewhere between relieved and intrigued.
“What? You want to help them disappear? We can’t even find them.”
“We probably could if we really want to. If they run, it won’t be into the Mexican community. The older guys have too many contacts there,” said Terry.
We heard a thump as Oz’s tail hit the floor. Tomas staggered out of the bathroom. He leaned against the wall and Oz leaned against him, creating filling for a wall to Oz sandwich. He thumped his head against the wall and finally worked up the courage, with help from Oz’s cold nose, to come back to the table. 
Lucille put an arm around his shoulders and guided him back to his chair.
“Perhaps we can discuss this in the morning,” she said, looking pointedly at Jon and Scarpelli. If her boys were going to open up, it would not be to the law or the outlaw. 
“Honey, if you would stay for a few minutes, I can arrange transport for school in the morning.”
She was dismissing the men, keeping the women and children close. Watching grown men squirm is a rare treat, so I enjoyed the moment. Lucille had her technique perfected.
Jon and Scarpelli exchanged a look. It spoke volumes about whether they would consider teaming up. Probably not against Lucille whom both needed in different ways and sort of trusted. But down the line with someone else, with each other? Maybe.
“An old man needs his sleep. I’ll get Harry,” said Scarpelli. He rose, grabbed Lucille’s hand before she could object and raised it to his lips.
“I’ll see you out,” said Jon. He clearly wasn’t about to leave the women and children with the outlaw. 
No matter how long Scarpelli stayed in retirement, trust would not be one of Jon’s terms of endearment. And then there was the issue of territory. Had Lucille and I become territory? I had news for the guys! Ain’t no woman anyone’s territory but her own. They both knew that on the surface, but a million years of evolution still defined a lot of their actions where potential mates were involved. But enough of the philosophy of evolution in modern society. I knew that Lucille was ready to hatch a plan. If Jon or Scarpelli was needed to help achieve the final goal, Lucille would share with them then.
Jon, and probably Scarpelli, knew this. They also knew that Lucille would never share until she thought it would achieve her goal. They went their separate ways.
“I’ll see you shortly, Honey.” It was a statement, not a question. 
Huh. Maybe.
“Don’t let your defiance overcome the possibility of a good orgasm,” said Lucille after the door closed. 
Terry and Tomas gulped, turned pink and, finally, burst out laughing. It was good to see that in Tomas. I was sure Lucille had said it purposely. 
“So, let’s do some planning. First, I need a head count and to know who the players are,” said Lucille.
Terry and Tomas looked at each other, suddenly realizing that they were in Lucille’s inner circle. It was a place that Jon and Scarpelli had not been allowed. They shared a secret smile.
“We know the twins, Chico and Caesar. They’re twelve, I think. They came out of some kind of orphanage so they weren’t sure of their ages,” said Terry. “That’s another thing they do to recruit. They take kids that don’t have parents, that nobody cares about.”
“Maybe that’s why the foster system was of interest to them,” said Lucille, staring into space for a few seconds, collecting some profound thought from a distant place unknown to the rest of us.
“They bought Pablo and Xavier. I think some cousin kidnapped them and sold them to the Puppet Master. They’re a little older, maybe thirteen or fourteen.”
Tomas seemed to have recovered. Lucille put a cup of hot chocolate she had been brewing on the stove in front of him to help get the vomit taste out of his system.
“The Puppet Master?” I asked, curiosity getting the better of my common sense. Common sense told me to stick to driving and let Lucille do the information gathering, plan creating and straight, or any kind of, shooting.
“He’s the man in charge of markets. He brought the group here after he found out about the small town market for heroin. He decided it was a great investment,” said Terry.
Lucille gave him a look and he said, “We’ve been studying the stock market in social studies. The drug market isn’t much different except that the profit margin is so much higher because the risk factor is greater.” Terry sounded like an up and coming hedge fund manager. 
I shuddered.
“Anyway, nobody knows who the Puppet Master is. They think he’s still in Mexico, but they aren’t sure of that either. Even Peter, who shot Pablo, is scared silly of the Puppet Master. He was worried that the Puppet Master might actually be up here.” Terry stopped and looked at Tomas.
“Peter’s sort of in charge here. He calls himself St. Peter. Michael is his second in command. They’re, like, old. Maybe twenty-five, maybe more.” Tomas gripped his mug and kept his head down. 
Oz leaned against his leg. The dog wasn’t quite tall enough to actually put his head in Tomas’s lap yet. I wasn’t sold on the watch dog thing, but we definitely had a therapy dog in the making. 
“I don’t think they would cross the Puppet Master. Not on purpose anyway. I think both of them kind of like the work. They have ambitions in the organization,” said Terry.
Not only did he sound like a wall street draftee, he had learned a lot in the short time he was held by the Mexican misfits.
“Now I know who they are, we need to know where they are. The tracking device has stopped,” said Lucille.
“Holyoke. They won’t move very far unless They’re forced to. They’re trying to get locals to do all the recruiting. It hasn’t worked very well,” said Tomas.
“The only place they can find new people is outside Holyoke or Springfield. That’s why they’re coming up here. But they don’t want to live up here.”
“So we start our search down there. Honey and I will make that plan tomorrow. I expect you two to go to school. Just be alert and keep your eyes open,” said Lucille.
“Is there an airport near here?” asked Tomas.
“Quite a few of them. Depends how big a plane you have and how far you want to travel. The jets and larger planes go to Bradley International or Logan in Boston. Then we have the air force base. That’s why you hear those fighter jets going over.”
“I mean something for small planes. Like for just a couple of people.”
“Like the ones they sky-dive from,” said Terry.
“Yes, there is. Why do you ask?” Lucille fixed both boys with her don’t lie to me stare.
“Peter got some sort of email or text message. He seemed very respectful and maybe afraid of whoever sent it. He said something about dropping something from the sky.”
“Ah, a product delivery by air. That would most likely be our airport. Isolated with a large drop zone. The small planes fly in and out all the time so no one would notice it. Come in low, drop it, and keep going,” said Lucille. She had that long distance look in her eyes again. “If it’s a small package, only one of them would come. But if they’re dropping a bale, they would bring a larger crew.”
Huh, I thought. This is one for the police to handle. I wondered if I should tell Jon or leave it up to Lucille to tell him. What a dumb question to ask myself. Lucille would decide based on whether police participation would help rescue the kids that the Puppet Master had bought or stolen. I would tell Jon based on whether I thought someone might get killed during a sky-drop. I knew that mysterious airplanes dipped low over the area around the little airport a lot. When they didn’t land, I assumed they were either at the wrong landing strip or were doing exactly what Lucille had surmised. Dropping illegal cargo.
The owner of the airport had called the police more than once when he suspected the activities to be outside the law and had recently hired an off-duty rent-a-cop to investigate and call the regular police when something was out of the ordinary. 
“I don’t suppose they talked about a date to receive this shipment,” asked Lucille.
“Sort of. They said it would be at night the day after the day after tomorrow. That was the first day they had us. So I think that might be tonight.”
“Well, it’s worth a quick look-see. Honey and I will stake out the airport. You two will stay here by the phone so we can call you if we need you to call the constabulary. Don’t leave the house and don’t talk to Jon unless he comes over here. Honey, are you ready to go?”
Oz got up and trotted to the door, clearly intent on coming with us. I thought a doggy nose might help us avoid being found by the bad guys, but I let Lucille make that decision.
“I think Jon might notice if I don’t come over to his side of the house.” At least I hoped he would notice that his bed wasn’t as warm as usual.
“Ah, yes. I’ll call and tell him you’re going to take me out for a milk run. That should put him off long enough for us to find out what’s going down at the airport.” Lucille picked up the phone.
I could hear the grunts on the other end of the phone. Jon didn’t sound interested in what Lucille and I might be doing.
When she had fabricated her elaborate lie to Jon, we set off in the taxi. Lucille had decided to take Oz, so we loaded the dog into the hatchback. I hoped Jon wasn’t watching because he might wonder why we would take a dog grocery shopping.
We drove down to the airport and parked between two hangers that were halfway up the runway. Life was getting pretty boring after about an hour. The sun had gone down and it was more or less dark along the air-strip. The control tower only put on the strip lights if they knew someone was landing, so it was black where we were huddled between the buildings and marginally more illuminated out where the reflection from surrounding civilization hit the runway.
Lucille and I discussed a few different philosophies of raising children, just to pass the time. She had been doing some reading since Terry had officially joined her family. If Tomas came on board, she would need to take a college-level course in troubled kids and their neuroses. 
Another hour inched by.
We were almost ready to call it a night when we heard a car pull up on the other side of one of the buildings hiding us. Then we heard the whine of a low-flying plane. Oz had taken up vigil in the back of the cab and was staring into the woods. He didn’t seem to be interested in the action taking place out on the landing strip. Suddenly his tail started thumping madly against the back of the seat and he let out a whimper.
“Do not move or, I swear to God, I will handcuff you to my bed for the next twenty years. And you,” Jon said, pointing to Lucille, “you, I will chain to a politician for at least ten years. And don’t even think about pulling that dithering old lady stuff on me.”
“Well, fuck! How the hell did you find us?” asked Lucille.
“You thought I bought that you went out to buy milk and bread? I know what’s in your kitchen.”
“But how did you know we were here?” I asked.
“I’m a cop and, for some reason, give a shit about you. I always know where you are,” said Jon. 
This conversation was all in whispers as the whine got louder and then became a roar as the plane approached the landing area. We could see it in the glare of the moon and the lights of the few houses close by. The shine from downtown streetlamps added enough visibility that we could see the door open on the plane and something getting shoved out as the aircraft swooped lower. They were too far from the tarmac and the square object landed in the top of an oak tree, swaying with the impact but not continuing to the ground. 
Two figures emerged from the other side of the building and started out to the long strip of asphalt. A second bale was pushed out and hit the ground with a thud, bursting open and scattering everywhere. 
The two men must have decided to try to salvage the last bale as the plane began its final dip. The door was blocked by a huge rectangular object which was tipped out and began its descent.
Something I didn’t know about objects dropped from airplanes, but that I learned very quickly that night, was that the object doesn’t fall straight down. It assumes the air speed of the plane and the average speed that a plane can go without dropping out of the sky is between sixty and seventy miles an hour.
Oz had started scratching at the door so, rather than let him damage the inside of the cab, I got his leash and took him out to do whatever his thing might be. I hoped it was just a quick leak and back inside. He strained against the leash, pulling toward the woods.
The two men ran out to the blacktop and stood in anticipation of catching the last bale of marijuana, thus preventing its getting caught in any nearby trees or breaking into a thousand small pieces. The object of their desire sailed along with the plane at the required sixty miles per hour for a while before dropping low enough to collide with the human forms preparing to stop its flight. They did slow it down. By the time it stopped completely, the human wall was much flatter than they were before they tried to grab their product. 
Jon, Lucille and I, dragging a reluctant Oz, trotted out to the final resting place of the two person stop sign. 
We heard the wail of sirens and saw flashing lights.
“I called backup when I came down here. I was pretty sure you weren’t buying milk and bread at the airport.”
An ambulance screeched around the corner and an EMT hopped out.
“What’cha got?” he asked.
“Under that bale of hay, dear. There may be someone trapped,” said Lucille. 
Or flat, I thought.
I could see arms and legs sticking out from both sides of the rectangle. No heads were visible. Not a good sign. Reminiscent of the witch in The Wizard of Oz opening scene without the sparkly super shoes.
The EMT walked over and picked up one wrist. “Nothing for this one.” He moved to the other side. “Hey, I got a pulse. Let’s get this thing off him.”
Several uniforms had joined the party and they tried to lift the heavy bale off the bodies. The cops were having trouble moving it off the bodies. Must be the famous two hundred pounds compressed into one that every dope dealer tries to sell. 
Jon walked over, took out his knife and slit the twine holding the bale together. The uniforms each grabbed a piece and pulled. The EMT dragged the possibly alive man out from under, and they loaded him on a stretcher. Jon told one of the uniforms to go to the hospital with the prisoner and read him his rights if he woke up. The other cops continued to pull the bale apart.
“Oops!” said one.
“Huh!” said the other.
We all craned our necks to see what they found. They held up a bag of white powder and handed it to Jon. They were considering it when another piece of marijuana tipped off the bale and something round and wrapped in plastic rolled out of the opened square.
“Oh, my!” said Lucille, staring at the head in a bag. It must have been well sealed because Oz continued to ignore everything on the pavement and focused his attention on the forest at the end of the runway. The first, smaller, bale of marijuana continued to sway at the top of the oak tree. A gentle breeze was dispersing the second, burst bale into the area surrounding the airport. This area is called the Meadows by the locals and it provides the summer housing for the homeless population of Northampton when the shelters are closed. I was sure the scattered dope would be put to good use.
I couldn’t imagine what was so interesting to a dog that it would be distracted from a bloody head, even well wrapped. Then I caught a movement out of the corner of my eye off in the direction Oz was pointing his super sensitive nose, his tail wagging slowly back and forth.
I nudged Lucille and moved away from the action that centered around how to handle the raw and discolored head. 
Jon had called the medical examiner, the state crime lab and the Northampton crime investigation unit. We were about to be inundated with official people. Lucille and I would be forgotten in the chaos.
I pulled on her sleeve and we followed Oz and his nose. More lights, sirens and uniforms materialized at the scene of the dismembered piece of body. Jon was, blessedly, distracted and neglected to keep an eye on us. We followed the edge of the hard surface, walking in the narrow strip of grass. The forest was about fifty feet from that and was where Oz was headed, tail picking up speed as we got closer to the end. He passed the touchdown spot for most aircraft and continued to the very end of the runway, straining the leash until we all stood by an ancient, massive, maple tree, staring into the dark greenery of woods. 
“Woof!” The deadly tail picked up speed, smacking my leg every time it went by.
“Dog?” We heard a whispered inquiry from behind the massive tree.
“Woof, woof.” A leap and a bounce against the restraint and I gave up and let it drop. Oz went into his advanced wiggle routine and danced to the back of the tree. A small figure emerged and wrapped its arms around the gyrating body.
“Hola, Xavier,” said Lucille. 
Slowly, Caesar and Chico came out, putting their hands on Oz and warily watching the two adults who had come with him.
“Caesar and Chico, welcome to America,” said Lucille to the twins. But Lucille is a force of nature and they understood that as only young children and puppies can. She talked to them in Spanish and they began chattering back to her.
“What did you ask them?” I said after a particularly long exchange.
“I want to know if they can identify the Puppet Master.”
At the mention of the name, the boys all shrank back, pulling Oz with them.
“If you’re thinking they should look at that head, I don’t think they’re ready for that,” said Jon, walking up behind us silently.
“Hola, Xavier, Caesar, Chico,” he said. “Let’s see if we can get them to come up to your house. Then we can decide how the conversation will go. I took the liberty of forcing Terry and Tomas to come down with one of the State Troopers.”
“How in heaven’s name did you convince them to do that?” asked Lucille.
“He told them they could use the siren and lights. Hopefully that will give them a more positive view of the law.”
Terry and Tomas materialized behind the group. Oz pranced his way over and led the boys back to the tree. A conversation in rapid-fire Spanish ensued and finally some giggling broke out. 
Lucille moved closer to the group of boys and laid a hand on Terry’s shoulder. “We will have a conversation about how to keep Lieutenant Stevens from bribing you in the future,” she said.
Jon cleared his throat. “You’ll want to include me in that conversation.” But he was smiling when he said it. At least I think he was. It was sort of dark where we were standing so it was hard to be sure of his expression. It might have been a scowl.
“I need to finish up here. Honey, if you could take everyone back to the house, I’ll be along soon.” He turned to Lucille. “I will have to call social services and immigration. I have no choice.” He held up a hand. “I hope I can get them to bend the rules a little and keep the boys under my jurisdiction as material witnesses.”
“We’ll need to find out where they’re missing from. I believe there might have been some human trafficking involved in their trip here,” said Lucille. 
“Woof!” said Oz and did a dance around the entire group.
I was hoping this meant that I would be back working at the people-moving business in the morning. Much as I liked Lucille and admired her dedication to what she felt was morally correct, I missed my taxi driving and I missed Belle. I didn’t even know how Betsy’s date had worked out. Knowing if there was a second date and which shoes she would wear suddenly took priority. And how was Belle doing with the Judge? I needed to get back to normal. Maybe it was the severed head.
In the morning I found myself curled against a warm body. Jon had come in sometime late and taken over his half of the bed and most of mine. I took comfort in finding his arm draped over me possessively until it started traveling down my hip and possession became a fleeting thought. 
Later, I left him sleeping the sleep of the satisfied male and went off to work. No one was home on Lucille’s side of the house. I assumed Terry and Tomas had gone to school, the twins and Xavier had gone with social services and Lucille had gone wherever she felt most needed. That left Oz with me so I figured he might as well become the office dog at Cool Rides for the day. We packed up and drove to the garage.
Belle was stretched out on the couch in the driver’s lounge reading a glamor magazine. Her wardrobe, toned down significantly since she stopped being a ’ho and began a career as a people mover, was still basic Belle. She had some sparkle in her tunic length top, her shoes were red suede with bells and tassels and only two-inch heels, and she had taken up leggings recently as a fashion statement. She found an outfit on the Internet that would print whatever you sent them onto the spandex. Today she had Monet’s garden adorning her legs. 
Oz went over and put his head on her stomach.
“Aw, how’s my favorite canine human?” Belle stroked the soft ears and scratched his head.
“Where is everybody?” I asked.
“Hey, you’re one to talk. You been gone for days!”
“Aw, you missed me.”
We fist bumped and Belle looked me over. 
“I see the lieutenant has been doing his job. You look like a well preened kitty-cat in spite of the rumors of weird happenings at the airport.”
“What rumors? What did you hear?”
“Not enough to be satisfied. But that’s for later. Important things first. Betsy has a second date. Right now, she’s uptown driving and trying not to look too much like a cop.”
“She tell her date what she does?” I asked.
“Yeah, she drives taxi. What else would she say?”
“Oh, okay. So, we’re still undercover.”
“Yup, and Riggs and Henry are deciding on a theme for the wedding. I gave them three choices.”
“What about something they come up with?”
“No chance of that. They can barely focus on anything these days. Riggs keeps going to wrong addresses and Henry keeps asking his clients in the ER if they want to come to the wedding. That’s not so good if the person he’s treating is there for burying his wife up to her neck in the backyard after a bar fight.”
“Why was he in the emergency room and not in jail?”
“She super-glued his parts to his leg. Tacky, I know. It’s been done so many times it’s being used on the sit-coms. But it does settle certain marital disputes. Anyway, he needed them cut apart and repaired. His wife was in the next room being cleaned up from the bar fight and the burial. Henry’s so excited about setting a date that he invited both of them to the wedding.”
“I can see how that might be the wrong kind of karma to have when you’re getting hitched.” I plopped my butt next to her on the sofa. “Any action here?”
“Riggs is off to Boston. At least we hope that’s where he ends up. I got nothin’ right now. Go check in with Mona. Maybe she can scare up something for us to do.”
I ambled into the office just as the phone rang.
“Cool Rides,” Mona purred. “Where are you and where would you like to be?”
I heard some noises on the other end of the phone. “Well, fuck you and your whole family too. You call here again and I will personally come over there and scrape your balls out with a spoon and stuff them down your worthless throat.” She slammed the phone down.
“Whoa, what did he say?”
“Mm, that was crazy old Izzy Cukowski, also known as Izzy Cuke. He calls to pass the time and tell me what he wants to do to my beautiful body. He gets pretty raunchy sometimes. I try to be entertaining for him. He lives alone and I think he gets bored.”
“Oh. So, you got anything?” I asked as the phone rang again. Oz had followed me into the office and wandered behind the desk. He flopped down on Mona’s feet and immediately went to sleep.
“Uh huh, uh huh,” said Mona and scribbled on her fare pad. “Okay, I got an airport pick up for both of you. She’s an old lady with special needs so Belle can drive. You can go get her. She may be going to Holyoke, but she didn’t seem sure.” She looked down at her feet. “He’s the new mascot? Cool.” She leaned over and rubbed the doggy tummy.
Mona handed me a placard with the name Sophia Hernandez written on it. I snatched it along with the fare slip and skipped out to pull Belle and her magazine off the couch.
“You drive, I’ll pick,” I said. I loved special needs customers. They paid well and I got a forty-five-minute drive to the airport to gossip with Belle.
“Where’s she going?”
I held up the paper. “Someplace in Holyoke, maybe. I don’t recognize the address.” I started punching the GPS.
By the time we got to the airport I had learned that Riggs and Henry had chosen not to go with formal wear for the wedding.
“It just makes them look like penguins,” said Belle.
“Or nuns,” I said.
“Or muddy polar bears.”
“Or spray-painted polar bears.”
They had picked out a place which was on the top of a mountain with steep cliffs and fabulous views. 
“That way if any of the guests get out of line—they are serving plenty of liquor—they can push them off the cliff.”
“Who’s making sure they don’t just fall off?”
“You and me are security.”
I wasn’t sure about Belle, but my security stopped when it involved heights over five feet.
We got to the airport just as my cell phone rang. “She just got off the plane. They should be coming out with a wheelchair right about now,” said Mona.
I hopped out of the cab as Belle pulled into the Air Mexico space. An airport employee pushed a scrawny, wrinkled elderly lady out the door. She was hunched over and dressed in black. I don’t mean New York stylish black. I mean old person widow’s black. Black scarf over her head, black dress down to her ankles, black stockings and heavy black shoes. She looked like a malnourished vulture. 
I held up my sign and the attendant hurried over.
“Watch out for the cane. She whacked two airline stewards and the pilot before she got off the plane. She got a little kid and a seeing-eye dog on the way here. She’s all yours.” The assistant stopped, put on one brake and fled. 
The old lady lashed out with a sturdy wooden cane but missed the retreating form.
“Fah, there is no good help to find anymore! Take me home.” She raised the cane and I opened the door faster than a sixteen-year-old boy gets a boner. 
Belle floored it and we screeched off up the interstate while the old lady was still clicking her seatbelt.
I wasn’t sure if the address in Holyoke was home or if Sophia Hernandez was having a senior moment and she really wanted to go back to Mexico.
I risked her wrath and confirmed the address. “So, by home, you mean this address you gave our dispatcher. It’s in Holyoke.”
“What I tell you, you do!” Her black eyes ate me like a cobra taking on a baby mouse.
“So, I guess we’re going to Holyoke,” I said to Belle.
“As good a reason as any to travel in pairs,” she said without looking at the customer.
I popped it back onto the GPS. It wasn’t in the high-end section of the city. Holyoke has some wonderful antique Victorian houses left over from the days when the paper industry ruled and people got rich. These are mostly in the area north of the canals. 
Most of the wealth generated today, especially in the area of the address Sophia gave to Mona, was drug related. The recipients of the income frequently didn’t last long enough to pump it into the economy in any meaningful way. A big drug bust meant a big financial bonus for the government at some level and a long time in jail for the person who once had the money. But then the government had to pay to house that person. It’s a big economic circle. Without the government, the drug dealers wouldn’t make the money. But without the drug dealers a lot of the government workers—cops, lawyers, courthouse employees—wouldn’t have a job.
I was thinking all this as the GPS told us to take the next right and we would reach our destination. Belle swung around the corner and almost rear-ended what might have once been a black Cadillac Escalade. It looked like someone had opened fire with a hand-held rocket launcher. The smoking ruin was sort of flat with a few pieces, still burning, scattered around the street. On the upside, I didn’t see anybody, alive or dead, inside it. 
We were all contemplating the remains when the door to one of the boarded-up houses across the street flew open. A figure dressed in a black hoodie, black jeans, and new expensive black Nikes, dashed out, ran over to our cab, thrust a fifty-dollar bill at me, and yelled some rapid-fire Spanish at the back seat. He disappeared up the street as we heard sirens wailing in the distance. I knew the ride was pre-paid. I figured the fifty was a tip.
“Turn the auto around,” said the lady in black. She was slumped down in the seat trying to disappear below the window and become invisible. 
“Okay by me.” Belle rammed the cab into reverse and screeched backward for a block. She executed a perfect one eighty and motored toward the interstate at a high rate of speed. Willie would have been furious about the treatment of the car but proud of Belle’s acquired skills and the auto’s turning radius. 
“We go somewhere else,” Sophia mumbled from the back.
“Excellent idea,” said Belle. “I’m not a big fan of that fashion statement. Although under the circumstances the all black thing probably helped give him a certain invisibility. And the shoes were definitely good for high speed departures.”
“So where to?” I asked the backseat.
“I need hotel. Maybe in North Hampton.” She said the name as if it were two words. “Grandson, Xavier, maybe is in North Hampton.”
Xavier is a common name in most of Mexico, I thought. Her grandson could be anyone. 
“I come to find my grandchild, my little boy,” she said and stared out the window.




Chapter Eleven

Belle glanced over at me with a Don’t go there expression. 
I ignored her. “What happened to your grandson?” I asked.
A look of hatred flashed across her face that made me glad I wasn’t in the human trafficking business. I would guess the Puppet Master was in that business but maybe not anymore. I hadn’t heard from Jon whether they had identified the body-less head.
“He was taken, but I will find him. And then, the one who took him? He will suffer greatly.” She was sitting up ramrod straight now and she hit the floor of the cab several times with her cane.
“Umm. Do you know who took him? I mean are we about to be caught in some kind of cross-fire? ’Cause if we are, I’m gonna need to make a stop at the ammo store. I’m fresh outta bullets.” Belle glanced back at the killer granny.
“Take me first to a hotel, please. Then you may make your trip to wherever you need to go.” She held her black over-sized purse on her lap. She began rummaging in the cavernous interior and finally pulled out a smart phone. “I try to Google an old friend. She maybe is in Massachusetts.” She held the phone out in front of her and spoke at it. 
“Ah, okay.” She tapped Belle on the shoulder. “I do not need the hotel. I will go to my friend’s house.” She rattled off an address in Northampton.
“Does your friend know you’re coming?” asked Belle. “I sort of know that address and I’m not sure she’s expecting any visitors right now.”
“How do you know this friend?” I asked.
“We do the college together. I was with her when the President of Mexico carry her down the mountain.”
“Hunh,” I said, wondering if Lucille remembered this woman as well as Sophia remembered Lucille. I decided to check with Mona to see if Lucille had snagged a ride back to her house or if anyone knew where she was.
“Where are you? I’ve got some rides stacking up if you want them. Mostly short haul, mostly non-tippers, nobody who will eat the backseat. You headed this way?”
“We need to locate Lucille so we can deliver this customer.” I explained the situation as briefly as possible to Mona.
“Well, Lucille got a ride with Betsy to the social services offices. I assume she’s talking to the child protecting people, whoever that is. The address is on King Street. You know it?”
“Yup,” said Belle and we motored off in that direction.
“Let me know when you’re back on the available for rides list,” said Mona with some sarcasm. 
“I pay my way, I got money,” said Sophia from the back seat. She rapped her cane on the back of my headrest for emphasis. I thought about yanking the cane out of her hands, but she might really be a friend of Lucille’s, so I controlled the urge.
We pulled up in front of a plain beige brick building that couldn’t have been anything except a government issue design, shabby but intimidating, a square box with no adornment. Someone had put a piece of what I assumed was artwork at the entrance to the building to counteract the feeling of a bureaucratic bulldozer within.
I was helping Sophia out of the backseat when Lucille emerged from the building with her focus buried in her cell phone. 
Sophia banged her cane on the ground and yelled as loud as her old vocal cords allowed. “Lucy!”
Lucy? No one ever called Lucille Lucy. 
Lucille almost dropped her phone. Her hand went to her mouth and her eyes widened. “Sophia?” The name was said softly but so carefully, I could read her lips.
Sophia hobbled over to her, whacking her cane sharply on the pale, paste colored sidewalk. “You are not in widow’s black? I read that your personal devil had passed. Why you not in widow’s clothing?”
“Oh, Sophia, you know how I’ve always felt about all that shit.”
“Ah, I do forgive you much. But you still have a mouth on you.”
Lucille wrapped her arms around Sophia. It took a count of two, but Sophia returned the hug and laid her head on Lucille’s shoulder. After a few seconds the two women turned toward the cab and started walking and talking, at first in rapid Spanish and then in English.
“My language skills are a bit rusty, Soph. You must forgive and help me catch up. What in heaven’s name are you doing in this country, and in Massachusetts, no less! I’m thrilled, but you should have let me know. You will stay with me, of course.”
I had no idea where Lucille planned to put Sophia or the boys if Sophia got the spare bedroom. 
As they were chattering, the side door opened again and two women came out herding Cesare, Chico and Xavier toward a van marked Child Protective Services. 
Xavier was fighting with one of the women who had a firm grip on his skinny arm. They were dressed a lot better than when we had pulled them out of the woods by the airport and, I assumed, Lucille was responsible for that.
Sophia hit the sidewalk a few times to emphasize something to Lucille. Xavier’s head came up and his body swiveled toward the noise.
“Abuela?” he said in a hushed tone. “Abuela!” he screamed and wrenched himself loose from the woman’s grip.
“Xavier! The Lord has answered my prayers.” Sophia stumbled into the skinny arms and actually lifted him off the ground.
“Holy crap!” said Belle.
“What the fuck?” I whispered.
“I may have to start believing in that Lord,” said Lucille.
“Who the hell are you?” asked the social service lady.
Sophia raised her cane, I held my breath, and Lucille stepped forward and put a calming hand on the cane.
“This is my grandson, Xavier. I will thank you to keep your hands off him.” Sophia stepped between the boy and the weight of the Commonwealth department dedicated to keeping him safe. I was more worried about the bureaucratic safety than about Xavier’s.
“You got some proof of this?” The social worker stepped closer to Sophia.
The oversized bag was opened. Reams of documents appeared. “Birth paper!” she crowed triumphantly.
“We’ll need to take these to a judge,” the woman said, examining the pieces of paper. 
She was about to make a grab for Xavier when there was a sharp crack and the window in the car parked in the Reserved for Superior Court Judge spot disintegrated. 
Everyone except the social service lady dove for cover. We all had some experience in the “shots fired” department. Apparently that wasn’t covered in a social worker’s college education or maybe she slept through that class. 
The twins were completely under one of the cars, Xavier had taken cover behind the piece of artwork which was made of stone, Belle and I were behind the cab and Lucille had pulled Sophia behind the possibly superior court judge’s car with the shattered window. The social worker stood in the middle of the sidewalk alone, the deer in the headlights, the fish in a barrel, the nightmare when you can’t move your legs, the politician with his pants down and his hand in the till. Eyes wide, confused, she clearly had no idea how these kids lived in Mexico. 
Xavier sprinted out, grabbed her arm and kept running until they were behind another car. Another window exploded then another. 
“Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God,” she squeaked and sat on the gravel covered pavement. We heard sirens coming as Lucille and Belle both punched their cell phones off. 
The police got the area secured quickly, just not fast enough to corral the shooter. All the possible targets—three boys, Lucille, Sophia, Belle, the social worker, and me—were inside the building by then. 
Jon wandered in after it became apparent that they weren’t going to catch the shooter. He had arrived right behind the first cruiser and checked to make sure I was alive. After that he ignored me except for the occasional look of disbelief that he was involved with me on some level that he didn’t understand. 
“So, which one of you pissed someone off enough to take a pot-shot?” he asked.
I resented that he looked mostly at me, Belle and Lucille. Social workers make a lot of people mad.
“I want to publicly thank that young man.” The social worker pointed to Xavier. “He saved my life.”
I wasn’t going to contradict her. My guess was that Sophia or one of the boys was the target.
“We do still need to deal with where these young men go from here, however,” said the social worker. She was rapidly regaining her bureaucratic confidence. 
“We do,” said Jon, turning to Sophia. “You must be Abuela.” He took her hand gently and raised it to his lips. Jeez, one more woman won over, I thought.
“Well.” Lucille stepped forward. “The boys can certainly stay in my house. We have plenty of room. Since his grandmother is already staying there, he will feel very secure. And he will have a police officer next door.”
The social worker turned to Lucille. I assumed the judge had put the three boys in foster care since they had come out with the bureaucrat rather than with Lucille. I could see she was weighing defending her territory against the flying bullets. No foster family would want to be exposed to that and she wouldn’t ask it of them. Short of taking them home herself, purchasing a weapon to defend them and then learning how to shoot it, Lucille was her next best option.
She sighed. “Let’s go back to chambers and see what the judge says.” She wasn’t going to relinquish procedure. 
We all moved down the hallway, snagging the judge as he was guiding his secretary out the door. She was built like a straight man’s wet dream and I wondered if we were interrupting a nooner. It took him record time to agree to release the boys to the custody of a well-armed police lieutenant. Nobody mentioned Lucille’s proclivity toward weaponry.
We piled the three boys and Sophia into my cab, Belle agreed to walk back to Cool Rides and Lucille got into Jon’s unmarked.
By the time we all arrived home, Jon had apparently agreed to let Sophia use his spare bedroom for the three boys with Terry and Tomas on Lucille’s airbeds. Sophia would stay on Lucille’s side. I looked at Jon’s pained expression and realized that this arrangement would put a real crimp in our relationship. 
I leaned over and whispered to him. “I need to spend tonight cleaning my apartment. Be nice to have some help.”
His expression began a transformation. “I’m really good at sucking up dirt,” he whispered back.
We settled Sophia into Terry’s room in Lucille’s house. Jon announced that he had arranged for a patrol car to be parked outside the house whenever he wasn’t there. 
Lucille looked at me with a knowing smile as a cruiser pulled up in front. 
Sophia didn’t look at me at all.
We left Lucille’s new family to settle in and I promised I would be back in an hour to take her grocery shopping after she had figured out what she would need to feed the hordes of teenage stomachs. 
I hopped in my cab, called Mona to tell her I would be an hour or so and motored off to my apartment. 
Jon got there before me. He wouldn’t admit to using his Kojak light and I hadn’t heard the sirens, but I think he considered this an emergency.
He had me backed against the kitchen, dining, living room wall when I thought I heard breaking glass. Jon took his hand off my rear end long enough to see the broken window. I started to whimper an objection when he threw me over the back of the couch, turned toward the window and scooped up the grenade that was rolling across the floor. He tossed it back through the hole and watched it land in the bed of a beat up pick-up truck that was missing the rear bumper and all its hub-caps. I came over and we saw a figure jump out of the truck and run away just before the explosion. My cab and Jon’s unmarked were fine. The truck was history. Jon had his phone out and was at the door. 
He turned. “Tonight, I’ll be back. Don’t even think about not being here.” He thumped down the stairs to the wail of sirens from approaching fire trucks. 
I decided to take the cab to Cool Rides and wait for Lucille’s phone call. She would need the rest of the afternoon to get enough food and clothing to equip her new army of children. After that? I would be in my apartment for the duration waiting for the rental company to repair the window.
When I arrived at the garage, Mona was waving fare slips. Belle snatched the primo one to the airport, Riggs was out somewhere in the countryside testing the powers of his GPS and Betsy went uptown to pick up someone whose car had broken down.
I sat to wait for Lucille to call. 
Betsy came in ten minutes later. She had taken her fare to the emergency room because he was bleeding from a slice in his hand. “He said he was cutting bread and the knife slipped. The wound looked a little rough to me for a knife unless it was dull. Most kitchen knives are, I guess. And he smelled like burning gasoline. And his eyebrows were a little singed. Anyway, the docs at the ER were having a slow day so they were happy to see him.”
“Hunh,” I said. I punched in Jon’s cell and told him he might want to take a look at the latest admission to the ER.
“Why?”
“Betsy said he smelled like burning gasoline and his hairline and eyebrows had been shortened.”
“I’m on my way.”
Lucille called five minutes later, and we went off to stock up Grandma’s cupboard. I spent the afternoon lugging and shelving fresh veggies, canned goods, cheeses, and enough fruit to keep California in the black for the next decade.
When I hauled my aching body home at the end of my shift, the landlord had repaired the window and Jon’s unmarked was parked at the curb.
I would have asked him how the guy in the ER had turned out, but I didn’t have a chance. He pulled me through the door, locked it and pulled me in close and personal. I got distracted after that. 
Around midnight, Jon’s cell phone rang. He groped around, covering a lot of me, before he found the phone and answered with a sleepy, “Stevens.”
“You coming home tonight?”
“Ah, shit. Hi, Rodriguez. What’s happening?”
“Nothing. I’m full of chocolate chip, raisin, walnut, oatmeal cookies and I got other things to do if you want to drag your beautiful ass home so I can watch something besides your house.”
“Sorry. I’ll be there in ten.” He slipped the phone into his jeans as he pulled them on and dressed as he ambled in the direction of the door. “Duty calls.” He walked back, leaned over and kissed me long and erotically. 
“I’ll be back in the morning to wake you up.” 
He was gone and getting back to sleep was not easy. I had evil dreams about cutting off parts of Rodriguez’s anatomy.
Jon was as good as his word and came back early in the morning. We both needed showers, so we climbed into my minuscule shower stall.
“I like this,” said Jon. “Barely big enough,” he said as he lathered me front and back.
“Feels plenty big to me,” I commented.
“Are we talking about shower stalls?”
“Oh, yeah. And maybe things that rhyme with stalls.”

I got back to Cool Rides an hour later, well-scrubbed and ready to drive. Jon told me the person who jumped out of the pick-up had fled the emergency room as soon as the doc got him stitched up. They wanted to hose him down to get rid of the gas smell, but he sneaked out when a five-car pile-up came into the ambulance bay. No serious injuries from the cars but four of the drivers had gotten into a brawl and sustained some nasty cuts, bruises and broken fingers. The fifth driver was in a stolen car, so he left the scene immediately after impact.
All the information the hospital got from the gassy guy for insurance purposes was fake. Jon got a sort of description from the doctor but nothing that would help catch the fugitive. 
He had used some time yesterday to convince the police sketch artist to make a drawing of what the severed head might look like if it hadn’t been lopped off. When he got home after work, he was going to show the drawing to the boys and Sophia to see if they knew the dead guy. He didn’t think they should look at the detached head. I agreed, having seen the expression on the face. It would give them nightmares forever. We went back to talking about the new group in town.
“Their focus is sort of all over the place. First, they want to form a gang, so they kidnap a bunch of recruits. Then they decide to focus on the taxi company. Either they’re doing a really long-range plan, or they have none at all,” said Jon. 
“How is the guy from the airport doing? Michael.”
“Still out. Possible brain injury. May never wake up. I’m not counting on him, but I did send a photo of both those guys to the Mexican authorities. So far, no response. I might call them today, see what I can shake loose.” Jon was thinking aloud. 
He went to his office, mumbling about detached heads. 
I went to work thinking about other parts of the anatomy or a different head. It had been a very energizing shower. 
Mona told me that Lucille didn’t need me today. They were spending the day either inside or in the backyard with Oz. That was okay with me. I was ready for a break from the chaos that follows teenage boys everywhere. I needed to catch up on the gossip with Belle and Riggs. I needed to find out about Betsy’s date. I needed to hear about Henry and Riggs wedding. I needed to talk to other women or at least to a gay man.
Belle arrived as I was contemplating all this. She parked her Mini and climbed out slowly with an expression I had rarely seen on her face—uncertainty. Belle had the self-confidence of a grizzly bear confronting a hunter armed with a pocketknife. The world was her oyster and she would find the pearl and then eat the oyster. This was a new look, an unexpected fashion statement. She looked bewildered.
“What’s wrong? Who died? What got bombed? Is your manicure okay? Speak to me!” I blurted out.
“It’s Carlton.”
“Is he alive, okay, wounded, shot, knifed?” I couldn’t think of any other things in an emergency. My mind went blank.
“I think I love him.”
“Oh.”
Riggs wandered over. “Hey, hot stuff. How’s the Judge?”
“Ahrg!” Belle moaned.
“Uh oh, that’s not a good groan.” Riggs looked at her more closely. “Or is it? You did it! Didn’t you? Last night? Jesus, we didn’t even get to choose the wardrobe, not even the shoes! What were you thinking?”
“I was thinking I’ve been celibate for more than a year! Well, except for Superman, my vibrator. I couldn’t stand it anymore. And now...”
“And now?” asked Riggs.
“Anyone else would be anti-climactic. I can’t ever have sex again without thinking about HIM! I’m ruined.”
We were all considering this when a truck pulled up with the Guns and Daisies logo, a bouquet of flowers with a Glock pistol resting across the stems. The driver hopped out holding a single red rose in a sparkling glass vase. It was Chaz. She handed the arrangement to Belle.
“Congratulations, sweetie. He’s a great guy.” He put his arm around Belle and kissed her forehead. “I knew the minute he called.”
“Why don’t we just take out a billboard?” groaned Belle.
“Not a bad idea, but that would really take you out of circulation. I think word of mouth will be enough,” said Chaz with a grin.
Belle’s face fell a little. “I feel like I’ve been deflowered, had my cherry popped, lost my virgin beauty I don’t think I ever had. I’m not in control!”
I instantly went from confusion to understanding. Control was the biggest issue in my relationships—with my parents, my boss, and now with Jon. I didn’t want to control Jon, but I sure didn’t want him to control me. Who’s in charge here?, indeed.
Right now, I wasn’t sure any of us were in charge. We had some crazed druggies, kidnappers and several bodies hanging around. That put all of us at the mercy of some stranger’s insanity.
The control issue must have resonated with all of us because a silence ensued while each of us thought about who controlled whom in our various relationships. 
The quiet was broken by Mona’s phone ringing. She punched it open. “Cool Rides. Who wants to be where?”
I could hear a heavily accented male voice asking for a cab uptown. I raised my hand and Belle joined me.
“I’ll go with Honey for the day until you get something for me.”
“Shit, I’m gonna miss out on all the gossip,” Riggs complained.
“Sweetie, I’ll fill you in on everything from the Judge’s point of view. We had a long talk when he ordered the special arrangement.” Chaz put an arm around Riggs’ well-muscled shoulders.
“Oh, that is going to be so cool!” said Riggs.
“Wait, no, what did he tell you?” squawked Belle.
“No, no, you’re going to do the woman thing with Honey. Chaz and I will do the sort of male thing,” said Riggs.
Chaz winked at me and strolled into the driver’s lounge. God, I wanted to walk like that. Even Belle couldn’t move like that. 
I grabbed the fare slip from Mona in one hand and Belle’s arm in the other and hauled her to the taxi. 
“Talk!” I said as I aimed the car uptown to the address Mona had scribbled on the paper.
“What can I say? I’ve been hit by a brick wall. He did it on purpose. The whole reason I was a ’ho was because I was always the one in charge. The customer wanted what I had to offer. I’ve never wanted something so much in my life and I don’t even know what it is I want. I’m floating on a raging stream, I’m going down in quicksand, I’m approaching the sun at warp speed.”
“All right! Stop with the metaphor thing. I get it. You’re in love. Are you going to tell me what happened? I want details!”
“We had a long talk about our previous careers. We laughed until we cried. He had stories about his bad boy times. He did everything, including graduating with top honors, second in his class at Harvard and Tulane Law. He made me blush a few times and, given my color and my previous profession, that isn’t easy, but I think I did it to him too. We talked for two hours.”
“And then?”
“Then, I’m not talkin’ anymore.”
“You have arrived at your destination,” said the soft female voice of the GPS.
Well, shit! I pulled over and a nervous looking man of about twenty-five came out of a house. He was wearing a suit that looked like it might be expensive but that he wasn’t used to wearing. He was about five-nine and had slicked back dark hair. He gave me an address out in a neighboring town, and we motored off in silence. I would have to wait for more private time to get anything out of Belle.
We got to the location and Belle opened her door. Simultaneously the guy in the back seat pulled out a gun and stuck it in the back of my head.
“I need this car! So hand me the keys carefully and get the fuck out of my car.”
“Whoa, okay then,” said Belle and exited the shot-gun seat. 
I got out of the driver side and the man wielding the weapon and, therefore, the power got out from the back. 
He slid into my vacated seat, slammed the car into drive and took off. Belle had her hand in her oversized bag as she got out and had already located her oversized gun. She took aim, fired off a round and the back tire deflated. She fired again and the other side wobbled slightly.
“Lucille’s been teaching me,” she said as I gaped at the taxi, now listing to one side. The gunman got out and pointed his weapon at us. 
“Oh, shit!” I said and threw myself to one side. 
Belle simply raised her gun and fired again. The weapon toting idiot crumpled to the ground screaming and holding his knee.
“Kneecap ’em, I always say. Lucille’s been talking about that a lot too.” Belle put her gun away and marched over to the prone, groaning person. She picked up the unfired weapon and tossed it into her bag.
“Well, come on,” she yelled at me as she got in the driver’s seat. She backed the car up, narrowly missing the man on the ground and stopped in front of me. I got in the shot-gun side and sat, realizing that we had at least one flat tire. Willie was trying out runflats and had put one on this car to see how it felt. The other tire would have to be changed before we went anywhere.
The kneecapped guy managed to get to his feet. He hobbled off, without his gun, screaming about crazy Americans. Belle and I got out and managed to change the regular tire. We could report back to Willie that the run-flat was very effective under certain circumstances. 
“We should probably report that incident, even though we got no idea why he did that. What we do have is the gun. We can give it to your lovely lieutenant,” said Belle, who was now in the driver’s seat.
“The guy will be long gone by the time Jon, or whoever, gets here.”
“Yeah, but it’s the thought that counts. Carlton and I talked a lot about the law last night. I might be less inclined to break it or even stretch it now.”
Holy cow, I thought. Love really could change someone. Had it changed me? Did I love Jon? I decided to make the phone call that I knew would tie me up for most of the day.
“What? Are you okay?” Jon sounded resigned. 
“I’m fine. We’ll be dropping something off for you if you’re at the office.”
“I’m at the station. Who’s we? And what are you bringing in? Is it alive? Do I need the bomb squad?”
“I’m with Belle. It’s not alive, no bombs. We’ll be there in ten minutes. You might send a squad car out to...” I rattled off the address where the man with less of a knee-cap was last seen. 
I heard Jon yell for someone, and a mumbled conversation ensued. 
“I’ll meet you outside,” he said and hung up.
A cruiser passed us at a high rate of speed, sirens and lights, going the other direction, about halfway to town. When we pulled up to the front steps of the cop house, Jon was pacing on the sidewalk.
“When, if, we find this guy, what’s his condition going to be?”
“Alive, probably,” said Belle. She leaned over and picked up the pistol by the barrel handing it out the window to Jon who had pulled on a latex glove.
“You’re going to have to come in and make a statement,” he said, putting the gun in an evidence bag.
I looked over at Belle. We both knew this was going to happen but now the reality of an afternoon of lost fares loomed in front of us. Also, the boredom of sitting in police interrogation waiting while they decided what to do with us.
She looked back at me. “I might have to rethink that not stretching the law policy. There are rules and then there is stupid. We’re the victims here. Why should we suffer?”
I almost thought she was going to put it in drive and floor it but Jon had anticipated that possibility and moved in front of the car. Belle would have to run over him if she was going to be defiant about things. She wasn’t ready to be that confrontational. She put it in park, and we got out of the car and followed Jon into the station.
We were put in one of the clean, sunny interview rooms and Jon was about to leave when his cell phone rang. 
“Hi, Willie. What’s up? Yes, I have Honey and Belle here. They’re fine, the car is fine. I’m about to figure out what happened.”
I heard a response but couldn’t get any words. Jon looked pained.
“Okay, come on up.” He disconnected. 
“What? What’s happened to Cool Rides?” I asked.
“Everyone is fine. They just got some threatening phone calls. Someone wanted to use a taxi, no driver. Then Riggs called in from the hospital where he had delivered a guy he found staggering up the road with a bullet wound. Willie sent Betsy over to the hospital to be the officer in charge. She’ll call me when she has anything.”
We found out later that Riggs had stuck the idiot with the leg wound in the hatch back to avoid getting blood on the seat. That was after searching him for weapons which he was lacking. 
Belle pointed to the gun she had given Jon. “See? I’m doing your work for you,” she said.
Right now, we were telling the story of the kneecapped fool and why he was that way. It started with the fact that we were driving tandem, and Jon wanted to know why.
“Girl talk,” said Belle.
“The Judge?” asked Jon.
“I ain’t talkin’.” Belle sniffed.
“Fine, I’ll talk to Carlton,” said Jon.
“You talk to him about me and I might do some damage to you that Honey would never forgive, so don’t even think about it.” Belle leaned into Jon’s face.
“Hunh,” said Jon. “We’ll have a man talk.”
“Yeah, about football. That’s okay.” Belle settled back in her chair.
“Okay, so what happened with this guy?”
We related the car-jacking attempt and the shooting of the tire, the shooting of the jacker, the fleeing of the jacker, the changing of the tire, and Belle’s decision to bring the gun in.
“About the other gun? The one you used to rearrange his knee. I’m going to assume it’s legal.”
“Damn tootin!”
“Hunh, I may need to ask Carlton for some advice about how he convinced you to have more regard for the law.” He stared at me when he said this. I stared back.
Our staring contest was getting tiresome when Willie burst through the door.
“What the hell? I got no drivers and one cab. How am I supposed to run a business like this?”
“Hi, Willie, have a seat,” said Jon. There was some steel in his voice that I hadn’t heard lately. 
Willie sat.
“What did the phone call say?”
Willie pulled out a cell phone and pushed a few buttons. A heavily accented voice came on.
“I’m taking your cars. Anybody stops me they get shot. Then their families gets shot. Then anyone else. You hand over the cars when I come in or everyone dead.”
“Who the fuck is this?” It was Mona’s voice.
“You stay there, I come get car and take over business.”
“The fuck you will!”
The voice on the other end of the line rose an octave or two.
“You be dead by end of today.” There was a click and silence.
“Where’s Mona?”
“She’s behind me somewhere. She had to stop and talk to one of your guys who’s a friend.” 
We all looked out into the hallway and saw Mona sitting on the edge of a desk.
“That’s Fitzgerald’s desk. She knows him? You might want to keep an eye on that,” said Jon. 
Willie shrugged. “We have the only cab that was on site parked outside, the doors to the building are locked up tight, so if this moron comes to the garage, there’s nobody and no cars there.”
“Good, that’s good,” said Jon.
“What we need here is a sting,” said Belle, running her finger across her nose in the classic sign of conmen and women everywhere.
Jon looked at her, maybe considering.
“They need cars. They haven’t been able to get any that lasted. It’s like a computer algorithm, like an ‘if...then’ situation. If you need a reliable car, then steal a taxi. So that’s what they’re trying to do. You already got Betsy in place. Just add a few more cops and suck the guy in. Then you’ll have two bad guys to interrogate,” Belle said, looking pleased with herself.
“She’s right,” said Willie. “I can’t afford to be down for very long so we should try to do this soon.”
“Then you got a real bad guy to put in interview instead of some innocent victims.” Belle’s expression tried for defiant. 
“Okay. I get this. You’re right. We need to get one of these guys to turn. And that’s most likely to happen if we have two of them to interrogate. They’re operating on rules and laws from a different place and it’s going to cause problems if we don’t get them fast. I don’t want some other gang to try to take them out and have someone caught in the crossfire. I’ll take over the cab company this afternoon. It sounded like that guy was in a hurry.”
“Where do you want us to be during all this?” asked Willie. 
“Nowhere near the garage,” said Jon. “I don’t want to have to worry about civilians in danger, no matter how well armed you are.” He looked at Belle. 
Belle studied the patterns on the ceiling. So did Willie, and Mona who had just walked into the room. 
I slumped in the chair, knowing I would never carry a gun. I admired Belle’s reaction to the car-jacker. Even armed with a grenade launcher I wouldn’t be that calm.
Jon went off to run the plan by his chief and to gather his fake taxi company. We all sat in the interrogation room wondering where to spend the next, possibly eight, hours being bored while the police got the adrenaline rush. We decided to move down to Jon’s office just in case there was some action. We could see what other cops were doing better from there. The interrogation room was too isolated. 
We leaned against desks, sat in the three chairs and began to fidget. 
Belle was admiring her manicure. I was trying to contain my hair with a tie, Mona had gone back to talk to Fitzgerald and Willie had pulled out his laptop. The cops who were going to be fake taxi drivers were sliding into bullet proof vests and strapping on body cams. 
We, the real taxi drivers, were all fidgeting when Jon’s computer sprang to life with a feed from his body cam. At the same time, Willie got a picture from the camera mounted on the front of the garage on his laptop.
“Hot shit!” said Belle. “We got ringside seats. We’re on the fifty-yard line.”
When Jon put on the body cam it meant the operation was a go and we could sit in his office and watch it unfold. I had mixed feelings about seeing Jon walk into danger.
Belle glanced over at me. “You okay with this?”
I nodded quickly and stepped back to the door. Jon and the group were heading to the parking lot when he saw me. He veered off, came over and stood in front of me.
“I’ll be fine,” he said, kissed me hard and fast and trotted after the other cops.
I saw his vest go on and I knew he was well armed. I also knew these guys were crazy and operated with a different set of rules and principles than either Jon or I or anyone we knew.
I took a seat in the corner of the room and stared out the door. We had all given our keys, and, therefore, our cabs, to the police. I hoped Jon was driving mine. Good karma existed inside that car.
Five minutes later we saw the cabs pull into the Cool Rides parking lot. Jon unlocked the doors to the garage. One of the cops opened the bay door and drove Belle’s taxi inside. He turned on loud music and popped the hood. The whole set-up would have fooled me and would certainly fool the guy who had phoned in a threat to take the company by force.
We watched, breathing slowly, for a half-hour. After forty minutes, we were getting bored and starting to look around for things to do. The police station buzzed around us with people moving back and forth around day to day work. 
Jon’s camera was on but just created a bouncy picture of stuff we all recognized. It had an audio feed but all we could hear was loud music.
Willie was staring out a window when I looked over at his laptop.
“There’s someone coming off the bike trail and moving toward the garage,” I said, looking at the image of a medium sized man in a hoodie.
“Holy shit!” said Belle. “Is that a Mac 10?” She peered at the image of the man darting from the bike trail to the garage. He tried to hide behind a too thin tree. It swayed as he held its narrow trunk. He let go and skittered toward the building, disappearing momentarily around the corner. 
“Yeah,” said Mona. “No suppressor means it’s gonna go off like an out-of-control fire hose. Those things pump out over 1200 rounds per minute. They’re really hard to control.” The hoodie reappeared in front of the building with his gun dangling by his knee. He raised the weapon, one handed and tentatively, up to shoulder height.
“You just gotta hold ’em right. Up close and with two hands. Look at that idiot. He’s got it out in front with one hand. He’s gonna kill himself before he does anything to anyone else,” said Willie.
I sucked in a breath as Fitzgerald rocketed out the door to try to warn the cops at the garage about the incoming. I could hear the dispatcher sending out the word.
The arm of the guy with the Mac 10 suddenly leaped into the air as if reaching for a non-existent skyscraper. The audio was on Jon’s cam and overwhelmed with the music so we couldn’t hear the shots, but the machine pistol seemed to be operating with its own agenda as the moron tried desperately to hold onto it.
On Willie’s computer we could see the door to the inner office open. Jon was scrambling toward the outer door when all hell broke loose. We could see the door opening as Jon’s body cam fed live action onto his computer. That was when the machine pistol started jumping like a demented frog. The thunk and crack of gunfire erupted.
Suddenly Jon’s body cam stopped. We all crowded around Willie’s laptop to see what the building camera picked up. We could see Jon as he came out the door. The shooter was out of camera range. Windows shattered, glass flew, Jon staggered back and sank to the ground. 
I sank to the floor.
Belle ran out the door to the dispatcher. “Officer down, officer down. Cool Rides garage,” she screamed as cops of all ranks poured out of offices and cubicles.
“I got an ambulance on the way. We had it parked right around the corner,” said the dispatcher.
We watched Willie’s laptop as the murdering son-of-a-cock-sucking-bitch-slapping-mother-fucking shooter finally got the pistol under control. He raised it for another round when we saw Betsy calmly walk up behind him and press her weapon to the back of his head. 
I couldn’t hear what she said but the gunman lowered the weapon. He twitched. It must have been a hair trigger because his foot exploded. As he writhed on the ground, Betsy flipped him over and cuffed him, calmly picking up the Mac 10. She managed to slip slightly and accidentally hit him in the head with the gun. As she pulled him up by his cuffed hands, I could feel the shoulders pop. Blood sort of spurted around in the dust.
Willie’s laptop showed one of the other cops kneeling over Jon as an ambulance pulled into the lot. The cop sat back on his haunches as Jon rolled onto his hands and knees and took a deep breath. The vest had held. 
I let my own breath out and leaned my head against the wall as he waved off the EMT who then turned to check on what was left of the shooter’s foot. 
Jon would have a hell of a bruise and possibly a cracked rib or two. But he was alive and the ruse had worked. He had his second perpetrator to interrogate. 
Betsy’s body cam wasn’t hooked into Jon’s computer so we couldn’t see them load the gunman into the ambulance. On the feed from the building camera, Jon got upright and the remaining EMT helped him strip off his shirt and bullet-proof vest.
“Are you okay?” Belle had come back and been told that Jon was alive and well.
“Fine,” I mumbled and let my head fall forward onto my knees. Is this what Jon felt when I somehow got involved in a dangerous situation? After convenience store clerking, taxi driving was probably one of the more dangerous jobs to hold and I usually managed to bring it up a notch. 
I looked around at the chaos of a post-take-down police station. If Jon could get used to my job, I could get used to his. When he finally got to the station he was taped up like a mummy. A few bruised ribs, one probably cracked, and one destroyed body cam. There were no windows left on the front of the garage and Willie was calling around to get them boarded over tonight and fixed in the morning.
Jon came in to some scattered applause and headed straight for me. I stood up with a lot of effort but probably not as much as he had needed to get off the ground in front of the taxi company.
We wrapped our arms around each other to increased applause. I mumbled into his chest and he lay his head on mine. We stood silently for a few minutes. 
“Sweet,” said Belle as she came up. “But I’ve had enough of all this cop stuff. I’m outta here.” She turned to Willie. “I’ll see you in the morning. I’ve got my cell if anyone calls. I’m on people movin’ duty.” She left, holding the door for a woman who marched up to the dispatch guy behind the fishbowl glass.
“I want to report a crime!”
“Yes, ma’am.” He slid a form through the slot in the fishbowl.
“Oh, I don’t have time to write it all down. I couldn’t get a taxi, which is a crime in itself. So I walked all the way to the Cool Rides garage and noticed there was no one there. The windows are a mess and there’s trash and glass all over the place. I’m reporting that the broken glass is a menace and if it isn’t cleaned up immediately, it should be. I’m considering a lawsuit against them for my pain and suffering from seeing that mess.” She took a breath and seemed to run out of steam. “That is no way to run a business!”
“Yes, ma’am,” grumbled the inhabitant of the fishbowl and pushed another piece of paper through the slot. I could feel laughter starting low in Jon’s stomach area. I stepped back to look at his face. It was showing signs of diminishing adrenaline rush and the hysteria that goes with it.
“Is Willie still here?” he asked.
I pointed to where Willie was hiding behind a door.
“That’s Priscilla Flook. She’s a regular. She has a tendency to file lawsuits. Willie is scared to death of her.”
Jon, who had put a shirt on, sauntered over to the door into the lobby. The fishbowl buzzed him out.
“Ma’am? I’m a lieutenant detective here. Do you feel that there is any danger at the Cool Rides garage?”
“Well, I didn’t see any. In fact, I didn’t see a soul there.” She took a closer look at Jon, his long, lean and handsomeness. She batted her eyelashes and stepped closer. 
“I suspect that if you call them right now, you may be able to get a cab. Would you like me to order one for you?” he asked.
“Oh, would you? I don’t mean to impose but I simply can’t walk all the way home right now. It is very hot out there.”
I knew the temperature was around seventy-five, but I decided that Jon needed the distraction.
He pulled out his cell phone and dialed Belle who would have gotten her hands on one of the cabs the minute she walked out the door. I was surprised Priscilla hadn’t noticed them lined up out in front. She must have hoped Willie was inside.
Belle hadn’t gone far because she was back in less than three minutes. Priscilla was thrilled. She flounced off to the taxi and Willie came out from behind the door. He told me to take a car home and report to work in the morning. The chief told Jon to go with me and take at least one afternoon off to nurse his ribs.
I managed to get Jon into the house and as far as the sofa before Lucille knocked once and walked in.




Chapter Twelve

Jon was sprawled in the living room, shirtless, with the remote on his stomach. His mummy wrap and bruising were hanging out for Lucille to see. I was in the kitchen getting a beer. The EMT had given Jon some pain meds and he was pretty loopy. No alcohol allowed—for him. I was fine with it. I intended to have more than one.
Oz had followed Lucille through the door. He padded over to Jon’s bandaged side, sniffed, sat, and leaned his soft head on Jon’s shoulder. 
Lucille followed Oz and stared down at Jon’s torso. The purple bruising was starting to spread above the bandages. “Who did this to you?” she asked. Her expression was a scary mix of sympathy and fury. “I do not suffer fools well, but I do like to make fools suffer and whoever did this is a fool. They must suffer.”
“Oh, bugger off, Lucille. I’m a big boy. A few bruised ribs. Some good drugs, I’m fine.” He pushed himself up so he could scratch Oz’s ears and winced as his ribs creaked. “And, you’ll be glad to know, we have another one of these crazy thugs in custody. So we now have two that are conscious and can be questioned. I also have a drawing for Sophia, Xavier, and the twins to look at. See if they recognize the decapitated head.”
Lucille considered him. “I’ll bring Sophia over. I don’t see any reason to subject the children to any more trauma.”
“Whatever,” sighed Jon and he sank back down into the soft cushions. Oz leaned in closer.
“I expect Oz will be spending the night with you.”
“Fine.” Jon started to drift off on a sea of pain killers.
Lucille marched out the door and I heard, actually felt, her door slam. 
Five minutes later she came back. Sophia, still dressed head to toe in black, followed her.
“Oh, the saints be with you,” she said when she saw Jon. 
He opened one eye, found three women staring at his fine, well-toned, but heavily bandaged chest. “Jesus, Lucille, why don’t you throw a party?”
“I want to show Sophia the drawing. Let’s get that out of the way. Then we can begin to plan how to take care of these fuckers.”
Jon groaned. “It’s in my briefcase.”
I had carried the briefcase in when I sort of carried Jon in. I went over to the table and thumbed through a variety of arrest warrants, domestic complaints, and a grocery list until I found the sketch. 
The face had thin lips over crooked teeth, fleshy jowls, small eyes and out of control eyebrows. I had no idea how the sketch artist figured out the eyebrows, but I carried it over and handed it to Lucille.
“Dios! What happened to you?” Sophia asked Jon, glanced at Lucille and caught sight of the drawing. “Mierda,” she whispered.
“What? Who is it?” Lucille put an arm around Sophia’s shoulder.
“It is Raul. He is the third cousin to my sister’s husband’s brother. I suspected him of kidnapping Xavier and many others and selling them. But I could never prove it.”
“Somebody found him guilty and passed sentence,” mumbled Jon.
“Now that we know who he was, we will deal with the consequences in the morning,” said Lucille. “Oz has been fed but could use a walk later. He will keep Jon company while I entertain Honey.” She marched to the door and we all obediently followed. 
I suspected that Jon would have stopped at least me if he had been conscious. But the drugs had done what they were supposed to do and I didn’t expect to hear from him until morning. 
“I can walk him when I get back.” I glanced at Lucille. “The dog, not Jon.” 
She nodded and led the way into her side of the house.
“So is the threat over?” she asked before I had cleared the doorway.
“They caught the guy who threatened to take over Cool Rides by force, if that’s what you mean.”
“Do we know that there aren’t more?”
“Not until we question the two that are in custody. Jon says it’s easier with two. You can turn one more easily.”
“I know that!” said Lucille. “It’s interrogation 101. Very basic. I want to know if there are more of them out there, if the top guy is hiding somewhere. The head of the beast needs to be removed.”
Sophia blanched a bit. 
Lucille studied her friend. “Who do you think removed that particular head and put it in a bale of marijuana? What do you know about it, Sophia?” Lucille put her hand on Sophia’s arm.
“It was known that I felt that he was involved in my grandson’s disappearance. Someone did what needed to be done. That man’s presence on this earth should have been ended sooner. I only regret that it happened after Xavier was harmed.”
“I would agree with you on that. But I want to know if he was involved in what was happening at this end or if he was just a supplier of young recruits in Mexico. How much do you know about this organization?”
“I know that it is very well run and is a mystery to everyone I have spoken with in Mexico. I spoke with many people in an attempt to find Xavier. None of them knew who runs this. They only know that it is done with precision and is completely ruthless. If you fail, you are instantly replaced. There is no appeal. No human being is known by anyone to be in charge.”
“What’s the product?” I asked.
“The product?” Sophia turned to me.
“What are they selling? There must be a purpose to forming a new gang, a reason for kidnapping children, recruiting new members. Expansion?” asked Lucille. “They sell drugs if the shipment that delivered your relative’s head is any indication.”
“Not a relative! He is no related to me. Just a bad judgment from my sister who married into a bad family.”
“Whatever he was, he came in on a delivery of marijuana. That tells us that the product for sale is at least at that level.”
“I think they did other things too,” said Sophia. “Some young women disappeared over the last year from our town. There was talk.”
“Sold into slavery?” asked Lucille. 
I gulped.
“Possibly,” said Sophia. “I am certain that they, whoever they are, were trying to expand into some of the smaller cities in the Northeast of the United States. That I was told by one of the rival gang members. All the other gangs in my town in Mexico were trying to find the head of the snake. They wanted to chop it off before it could take any more territory. Personally, I wish to beat it to death and watch its blood soak into the dirt. I would make its skin into boots and burn them in a funeral pyre and its fangs into a necklace to wear around my neck.”
Note to self, never cross this woman.
Lucille shrugged. “We are probably only done with it temporarily. It will be an ongoing problem until we find the person in charge. I would prefer to be proactive rather than reactive, but I see no choice until Jon has more information from those arrests.”
I decided to get the Oz walk out of the way and see if Jon could make it as far as the bedroom. I grabbed the retractable leash for Oz and went over to Jon’s side of the house. Oz greeted me quietly until he saw the leash. His tail picked up speed and he planted himself by the door while I tossed on a light jacket. I snapped on the leash and out we went.
Oz began sniffing and running to the end of the long leash with the enthusiasm that the word walk creates in all doggy brains. We were at the end of the driveway and about to head up the street when Oz went on alert. His ears went up and his tail went down, a sure sign of stress.
I was thinking of retracting the leash when a man charged out from behind the oversized azalea bush at the end of the drive, snaked a hairy arm around my neck and shoved what felt like a gun into my side.
“Keys to car. I need car. Give me keys,” he muttered into my ear. The smell of garlic almost made me pass out.
Oz took one look at the situation and decided inside the house was safer than these unpredictable humans. He made a dash for the door, wrapping the leash in a wide circle. When he hit the end he flipped over, jumped up and headed back to me. Circling and barking madly, he became a canine tether ball. Full speed in smaller and smaller circles until he ran out of line about six inches from my feet. 
He jerked backward and we all went down in a heap. I heard a whoosh of air expelled as I landed on top of my assailant’s body. His head hit the pavement with a thud, arms flew out and the gun went flying. It hit the ground about ten feet away and went off with a bang. The new tire on the back wheel of my cab deflated. 
At the sound of a gunshot, Lucille’s door flew open and she charged down the driveway, pink and yellow ducky robe flying.
“Apparently the replacement arrived rather quickly,” she said, pointing her gun at the comatose body with one hand, pulling out her cell phone and a pair of handcuffs with the other. Sometimes I think Lucille has three hands. She secured the body and released Oz who had gotten wound up tight against my ankles. 
She was unwinding the leash from my legs when Jon’s door flew open.
“Whathafugsgonon?” he croaked. He had his gun in his hand but down at his side. I should have known a gunshot would get his attention no matter what far away planet the drugs had taken him to. 
Oz spotted Jon, rocketed to his side and planted his butt on top of Jon’s bare feet. Both the dog and Jon looked at me. 
An ambulance rolled up with a police cruiser behind it just as I was released from the tangle. 
Rodriguez got out of the cruiser and another uniform got out the passenger side.
“What’s happening, Lieutenant?” he asked Jon.
“Damned if I know,” said Jon as he staggered over to the newly cuffed, still unconscious mystery man. “Lucille, care to elaborate?” Jon ran a hand over his eyes and down his face. 
Oz, who had reluctantly given up his seat on Jon’s feet, was now hugging Jon’s leg.
“Apparently you have another gang member to question.”
“He wanted the cab. Well, he wanted the keys. Oz panicked and turned into a canine tether ball and...” I shrugged my shoulders.
“Jesus, where do these guys keep coming from? They get replaced as soon as one becomes non-functional. They’re like a can of corn in the supermarket. As soon as one gets taken off the shelf, someone tells the stock-boy to get another one.”
“What do you want me to do with him?” asked Rodriguez.
Jon closed his eyes, opened them, looked over at me. “What happened, exactly?”
“I was walking Oz and this guy jumped out of that bush, shoved a gun in my side and told me to hand over the keys to the cab. Oz freaked and sort of transformed into a doggy round up team. Then the gun went flying and shot my tire. I guess I’ll need to change that.” I looked pitifully at Rodriguez, knowing that Jon couldn’t change a fly’s mind let alone jack up a car.
The EMT walked over and got down next to the prone body. “This guy needs to have his head checked for lots of reasons but mostly for concussion.”
“Okay, read him his rights, English and Spanish, when he comes around.” Jon pointed to the other uniform. “Get him to the hospital, cuffed to the bed, guard on the door.” He pointed to the gun lying in the grass. 
Rodriguez pulled an evidence bag out of the trunk of the cruiser and stuffed the weapon inside.
“Honey, Lucille? In the morning, statement at the station,” said Jon. He walked back into his house and slammed the door. 
I wasn’t sure how welcome I was, so I decided to finish walking the actual dog. 
After the cruiser and ambulance pulled away and Lucille went back inside, I took Oz around the block. He finished doing what dogs will do and pulled me anxiously back to Jon’s side of the house. 
Jon had made it to the bedroom, half-dressed and passed out, stretched across the bed. I unzipped his jeans and started to pull them off.
“A dangerous thing to do.”
“I didn’t think you’d be in the mood.”
“Honey, I’m always in the mood when you’re around.”
Umm, good to know. Maybe we could make an arrangement here, I thought. 
An hour later, Oz was curled by the door, Jon was still spread across the bed but had an entirely different expression on his face and he was very naked. My expression was pretty self-satisfied too.
When I got up in the morning, Jon was in the kitchen with a full pot of coffee. I went to the window and looked at the cab. Miraculously the tire had been changed.
“I called Willie. He said he might put run flats on all four tires until this situation is resolved.”
“Is it closer to being resolved?” I was nervous for the cab company. I didn’t know how many people this new gang in town was willing to sacrifice before they decided to go home and call it quits, assuming home was not here.
“Shit, I don’t know. I’m going after the three we have at the hospital today. I’m guessing they can tell me a lot more than I know now.”
He took a sip of coffee and eyed me speculatively. “You and Lucille will come into the station right after lunch, one o’clock. I already arranged it with your boss. Willie is very motivated to get these guys out of commission. And I talked to Lucille.”
I poured some coffee, put about a pound of sugar in it and took a sip. “Okay, but I have to run some fares today. I need rent money.”
“Willie said you could all travel in pairs. You and Belle, Riggs and Betsy. That should keep everyone safe. Only pickups will be prearranged regulars. Willie says he has plenty of those for two cabs.” Jon ran a finger down my cheek. “Lucille will be here shortly. We can get the time for the interview set.”
We were snuggling a little when Oz got up and stood in front of the door, tail wagging. That meant friendly incoming. Lucille opened the door without knocking, ran a hand over Oz’s head and looked over at Jon. “You look much better this morning. We are ready to get this unnecessary interrogation over.”
“Don’t push me, Lucille. I need as much information as you have. I know you’ve been talking a lot to Sophia and the boys and I know how good you are at interrogating. I’ll share if you’ll return the favor. I’m going up to squeeze the three guys in the hospital before I meet with you.” There was an edge to his voice.
“Fine,” said Lucille. “I have gleaned quite a lot from Sophia. She knows more than she realizes. The boys know less than they think they do.”
“I’m not surprised. But their viewpoint may give us better understanding about why they were taken and what the gang wants to do. I’m thinking there may be more to this than running drugs. If they’re trying to take over someone else’s territory, we may have a war. That’s not good.”
“Okay then, let us have our interview in the afternoon and then meet back here tonight. Honey can go make a living and I can start my day’s cooking. Five growing boys require a lot. Sophia is going to help me with some Mexican dishes to make the boys feel more at home.”
“Lucille, remember this arrangement is temporary. Eventually social service will take them back. Xavier will go with Sophia but the others, I don’t know,” said Jon.
“It will work out, I’m sure.” Lucille smiled her Betty Davis smile, which meant not good for someone. When she did the Mona Lisa smile, everyone tended to fair better.
“Lucille, there’s no sugar in a hornet’s nest. Don’t put your foot in it.”
“Thank you for that metaphor or whatever it was.” Her smile changed slightly to Debby Reynolds, but I didn’t think Jon bought it. It still wasn’t Mona Lisa.
I rinsed out my coffee cup, stuffed a few things in my oversized bag, snatched the much sought after keys to the cab and headed for the door. 
Jon caught me just before I got outside. He turned me and kissed my forehead, then my nose and, finally, a real goodbye kiss. “Be careful out there.”
“I’m not the one with the broken ribs. I’ll see you this afternoon. You be safe too.” Things with Jon were getting more serious and I wasn’t sure how to handle my new and never before experienced feelings. 
I zipped off to Cool Rides to talk to Belle. She had a way of straightening my head out.
New windows were stacked at the garage door, garbage cans were full of shattered glass. I skirted around the construction zone and entered total gloom. The windows were covered with plywood after yesterday and it hadn’t been removed yet. Strips of light sneaked around the edges, but the effect was an insomniac’s delight. Darkness enveloped the inside. The hammering from window replacement hadn’t started, so quiet added to the feeling of either impending doom or a good nap. 
Belle looked like doom was her feeling of choice.
“Hey, girlfriend. What’s happening in the world of Belle?” I fell backward onto the sofa next to her.
“I’m thinking about jumping off the tallest building in the city, hanging myself from the flagpole in front of the courthouse, drinking sumac on City Hall steps.”
“The tallest building is only three stories so maybe a broken leg, getting up the flagpole would get you lots of splinters and there’s a demonstration against inadequate toilet facilities downtown, on City Hall steps. Suicide is really hard to pull off gracefully these days. Trouble with Carlton?”
“We did it again last night. He seduced me!”
“Not as good as the first?”
“Oh, way, way better. Maybe I’ll run my head into the stone bridge abutment.”
“In your current mood you couldn’t get up enough speed to do the damage and your skull is too thick anyway. What’s wrong with ‘way better’?” I asked.
“When I’m with him? I feel like I’d do anything! I’m reduced to a tail wagging puppy. I’ve gotta get some control here. He is so out of my league.”
“Have you talked to him? I mean about this particular problem?”
“He’s sort of busy right now. He has a court full of gang bangers. Some lawyer convinced them they could sue a rival gang for brand and territory infringement. That wouldn’t land in his jurisdiction except when they met in civil court someone got a little testy and plastic knives came out.”
“Too many lawyers in the world. Plastic?”
“It was all they could get past security. But they were really sharp plastic.”
“What happened?”
“The guards proved the saying Never bring a knife to a gunfight to be accurate. They busted ten gang bangers. That’s who landed in Carlton’s courtroom. He’s really steamed. So the sex had a whole new level last night.” Belle sighed. “It was great.”
“New approaches are always good. Jon and I did a new one last night too. Sort of the opposite, I guess, of you.”
“Tell me details,” said Belle, perking up.
“We had to do it without letting Jon move. Only one muscle was allowed to stand at attention. And it did a mighty fine job.”
“You do look like a cream covered cat this morning.”
“So, what’s Mona got?”
Mona stepped out of the office, flipped on the overhead lights and waved fare slips just as Riggs and Betsy came in the door.
“You two get the three Es. Edna, Estelle and Eunice.” Mona handed me the slip.
She turned to Betsy. “Airport, rush job so get going. And Betsy, check your ammo supply.”
“Yes ma’am,” said Betsy, trotting after Riggs.
I checked the slip Mona handed me to be sure we were picking up the three Es at the usual senior living spot. They had a three-bedroom apartment in a local retirement facility. Unfortunately, it only had one bathroom so that was an ongoing discussion. 
Their destination today was the spandex highway for a tricycle ride. The pedal powered vehicles were provided by a health insurance company with the assumption that exercise would keep the seniors alive longer, healthy and out of the hospital. That would only work if the seniors involved didn’t run into walls or cars or other immovable objects, although the tricycles were so solid that the cars were more likely to suffer than the pedal propelled vehicles. The auto insurers might complain soon.
Belle and I followed Riggs and Betsy out the door and took my cab up to the senior facility. Belle drove because I figured it would make her feel more in charge. I did the jump out and help the lady geezers into the cab. Estelle tottered out, pushing her walker. Edna and Eunice followed with canes. That was good because fitting three walkers in back would have been a challenge. 
Edna clambered into the back seat. Estelle followed headfirst. Eunice was presented with Estelle’s rump and took a good swipe at it with her cane.
“Shit, what was that for?” squeaked Estelle, lurching forward and landing headfirst in Edna’s lap.
“That was because you hogged the bathroom this morning with your big fat rear! I had to rush my bowel movement. I hate that.” 
“Yeah,” added Edna. “And I had to go out to the common area and wait in line for the other toilet. Old man Lakook made a pass at me. So it was almost worth it. I might use that facility again tomorrow.”
I sighed, made sure everyone was buckled in and off we went. The bike trail was only a five-minute drive, but it felt like longer than an undisturbed moment in the can for Eunice.
We agreed to pick up the Es in an hour and motored back toward the garage to see if we had any other people to move. 
There was a cruiser parked in front of the garage when we got back but it was just a preventative measure. The cop inside was snoring. We left him to snooze and checked in with Mona.
“We got some choices here,” she said, waving three pieces of paper. 
“We got Sidney Pooka The Smoker, Lester Figarski The Drinker or Woody Bent The Porn Addict. Whoever you take, you’ll need to do an open window, air conditioner, run down the interstate afterward.”
“We’ll do Woody. That way I can stop and get some new toys. Then we can give him a ride home,” said Belle and she snatched Woody’s fare slip. 
I followed her to the cab.
“I thought you wouldn’t be needing toys these days.”
“I’m still deciding. Toys are never in charge. They never make you beg. They do whatever the hell you tell them to do.”
“You really need to talk to Carlton.”
When we finished at the porn store, we delivered Woody home to have a good time with his new possessions, took Lester to the liquor store and Sidney to the corner grocery for smokes. Then we went back and got Lester and took him home to get drunk and ran Sidney home to get lung cancer. By the time I finished the airing of the cab, I needed to get Lucille and go to the police station to give Jon his required formal interview.
When I got to Lucille’s house, she was in a quandary about whether to dress in dithering little old lady clothes or a power suit. Sophia made it clear that her vote was for widow black.
“You should be mourning. That requires black from head to toe,” sniffed Sophia.
“Well, I’m over my widowhood and I need to concentrate on Jon and the impression I wish to create.”
“I don’t think Jon will be fooled either way. He’s going to do a ‘Just the facts, ma’am’ kind of thing. Tell me he knows about your secret closet.”
“He built my secret closet. He even supplied some of the more severe pieces of clothing. He likes me in the secret service type of outfit. Maybe I should loan that to you sometime.”
“Jon usually takes about ten seconds to appreciate what I’m wearing,” I mumbled.
“Perhaps my Lucinda the Stripper outfit. We’ll talk later.” She grabbed a navy power suit, a white blouse, pearls and navy low heels. 
Oz sat at the door, ears down, tail tucked. 
It took her three minutes to change. She peeked out the window. “Ah, your security has arrived,” she said to Sophia.
“I still feel that I could protect the boys and myself from any of these crazy people.” Sophia sniffed again just as a knock sounded on the front door. 
Oz’s tail made a slow circle, indicating a friend outside ready to come in.
Lucille started throwing locks and finally opened the door to admit Antoni Scarpelli. 
“My dear,” said Scarpelli, reaching for Lucille’s hand as Oz wrapped himself around Scarpelli’s legs.
“So that’s it!” harrumphed Sophia. “I knew there was someone else who caused you to give up your widow’s black.”
“Oh, get over it. He’s here to protect you,” Lucille said, turning to Scarpelli and pulling her hand out of his grasp. “And I honestly appreciate your effort.”
“You look lovely today. I’m sure you will control the interview completely. In the meantime, I will keep your friends safe. And, yes, Harry is outside.”
“We’ll be back in a few hours.” Lucille laid her hand on the doorknob. “Hopefully, we will get to the bottom of this today. These people must be stopped.” 
We stomped out the door. Well, Lucille stomped, I followed obediently and heard the locks clicking behind me. 
We headed to cop central, ready to face Jon.




Chapter Thirteen

We were escorted to one of the interview rooms by a slightly balding, very paunchy uniform with a mustard stain on his tie. 
Jon joined us two minutes later. “Nice outfit, Lucille. Won’t make any difference but it was worth a shot.” 
“I always dress properly for an occasion. Your clothing is equally professional.”
I became aware of the fact that Jon was wearing a really nice suit and tie. I wondered if he and Lucille had a fashion battle going on. If they did, I wasn’t going to become a casualty. I checked out my black jeans, tee shirt and sneakers and knew I had no fashion sense at all. Even with Belle’s help, I was unlikely to develop one. 
I thought about my slut shoes and how fast Jon had removed them from my feet. Then I remembered the foot massage and the other things he did to my feet. I decided how the clothes came off was more important than when they were on. But they had to be on before they could be taken off. 
The three of us sat around a small table in the corner.
Jon started the conversation. 
“I spent the morning interviewing the three gang bangers up at the hospital. I got a pretty good idea about how they got here and what their instructions are. I got nothing on who issues those instructions or where that person is. Those three were all recruited by Sophia’s relative, Raul, the bodyless head. He was killed after sending a large number of young men north. Some of them came to Holyoke, some got left in other locations along the way. They didn’t know why he was killed except that a lot of the kids he sent north were taken involuntarily. He pissed off a lot of people.”
Lucille picked up on the Raul connection. “Sophia told me that a group of relatives of missing children had hired someone to find their offspring. That someone may have tortured Raul to get information and then killed him. Sophia feels it is justified. In any event, it isn’t your jurisdiction, so you needn’t worry.” 
“I’m not thinking about Raul. I’d like to know how many men or boys he sent to this area.”
“I’ll ask Sophia to inquire of her Mexican sources.”
“My impression from the three guys we have is that there may be more and that there is definitely someone up here directing the business.”
“What, exactly, is the business?” I asked.
“The three I interrogated were moving drugs and taking territory from the local branch of the Kings. The Kings haven’t been able to find the source of the organization either. The runners pick up the drugs at a variety of drop points. We don’t know who stocks the drop points but it’s an efficient operation. Each man in the field has a cell phone that receives emails that direct them. We can’t trace the emails, but they tell the runners what to do hour by hour. Helping the runners in the field is not as efficient.”
“What happens in the field?” I asked.
“The car thing happened. Whoever’s giving the orders doesn’t know the difference between a junker and real transportation, so these guys kept getting rusted out junkers. That’s why the order came down to take over a taxi company. There’s logic to what they’re doing but not a lot of long-term planning. It’s sort of an If this happens, then do this reactionary logic.”
“Did Judge Witherspoon tell you about the local gangs trying to sue each other?” I asked, wondering how much Carlton and Jon were talking these days.
“Too many lawyers in the world. And too many gang bangers without brains. I heard there was a riot in the courthouse.”
“Yeah, I heard it from Belle. Carlton isn’t happy. Well, not about that anyway.”
“I just want to know who the fuck is in charge of the business. Someone is directing traffic. What did Xavier and the twins say?” asked Jon.
“They don’t know much because they are really too young to understand. Xavier is just relieved to see his grandmother. We know the story on Tomas and the burns and tattoos. The Mexicans inflicted them in an attempt to force him into their gang. They also gave him the gun and told him they would shoot someone at his school if he didn’t hold up the convenience store. So that incident is related to the influx of the new gang because they were trying to grab recruits before the established gangs got them. This is the worst of the worst jobs program.”
“I’ll keep after the guys I got and see if anything shakes loose but immigration is going to want them pretty soon. Then they’re on their way back to Mexico. I’ll let you know if I get anything important. And you will do the same.” Jon looked at Lucille as he said this. 
“Do you think the cab company is safe for now?” I asked.
“I think the new gang is out of shooters for the moment. But keep your guard up. I’ll leave the patrol car at the garage for now.”
Lucille rose. “So, I must get some shopping done and Honey needs to make a living. I will keep you apprised of any insights I get from the boys or Sophia. Honey, I’ll need a ride to the store and then home.”
Jon stood as Lucille made her exit. I was about to follow when he grabbed me and pulled me close. “I really don’t want you hurt. Please be careful,” he said softly.
“For us both,” I said and went after Lucille.
“We must go home and check in with Antoni and Sophia and the boys. We will determine our course after we talk to Antoni.”
I drove to Lucille’s house and Antoni threw locks and opened the door. “Things were quiet here,” he said as Oz bounded out of the boys’ bedroom and leaned against my legs.
“Have you heard anything from your Holyoke sources?” Lucille asked Scarpelli.
“Things are slow. The gangs can’t find anyone to shoot, strangle or torture. Drive-bys are at a standstill because no one can determine where to drive by. Product is moving but it’s slowed down significantly. The established gangs are feeling the pinch.”
“Life can be a bitch,” said Lucille.
“And then you die. Fortunately, no one is dying in Holyoke right now. I’m sure if they knew who to kill, someone would be dead,” said Scarpelli.
“I need to bake cookies,” said Lucille suddenly. She rolled up her sleeves and began gathering ingredients.
“I’ll come back in a couple hours for the grocery run,” I said. “Right now, I’m going to check in with Mona and see what she needs.” 
I got to Cool Rides as the last window was being laboriously moved into place. Belle had placed one of the frayed lawn chairs in a perfect position to watch masculine muscles flex as they hoisted windows that weighed in the same range as a grown elephant.
“Ah, so good to see men sweat. Look at those glutes tighten up. Makes me think of good times.”
“Like last night?”
“God, you can’t imagine! I don’t know what he does to keep them in that kind of condition, but I might want to find out before I fly the coop.”
“Don’t even think it! You gotta talk to him. You can’t let your neurosis get in the way of a good orgasm.”
“Lucille tell you that?”
“Yeah. She’s old enough to have the wisdom of well-established priorities. She told me to enjoy it while I’m young. At her age you need to triage it every time. You only get one chance every so often, so she said to make the most of it while we can still do the multiplication tables.” I stopped. “Most of that is a direct quote. Sometimes she has her metaphors mixed.”
“She gonna let Old Man Scarpelli into the bedroom anytime soon enough that he can still make it work?”
“I’m not holding my breath but I’m thinking he’s getting closer.”
“With her houseful, she may be dragging him to a hotel if she gets the idea in her head.”
“Even when Sophia leaves and she’s down to Terry and, maybe, Tomas, she’ll probably have to do nooners.”
“Yeah, kids can put a damper on things. I’m amazed anyone has more than one of the little buggers.”
“Does the Judge want kids?”
“Watch your mouth. We are definitely not close to talking about that kind of stupid. I’m just trying to decide about tomorrow night.”
We were getting deeper into the possibilities when Mona came out with a fare slip.
“Some guys at Hamp Heights. Need a ride to the train station. You’ve taken them before.”
The entrepreneurs for a new age, I thought. “I’ll take Belle with a full clip,” I said.
“Problem?” Belle started pushing things around in her purse.
“Last time I picked these guys up, the new guys made a pass at them. They were shooting Lucille’s blanks, but they didn’t know that. They may have reloaded by now.”
“I remember those non-bullets. I like the concept of selling blanks to bad guys. Maybe I’ll suggest to Guns and Daisies that they keep a bunch out where people of ill intent can steal them.”
“That accounts for why they said for you to pull up close to the door and go up on the sidewalk at the train station,” said Mona. “By the way, that ain’t gonna happen. No driving on sidewalks unless it’s an active firefight.”
“An active firefight will be a fast exit. I don’t do the bullet exchange. I’ll let Belle cover my escape.”
“Enough already. The bad guys are in jail. Well, in the hospital under guard anyway. I’ll come along but only in a peaceful capacity,” said Belle.
“That’s a pleasant change of attitude,” said Mona. “Judge Carlton must be having an influence.”
“You think that’s good?” Belle’s voice rose. 
“Nah, what you want to happen is what’s good. With a fine man like that, you just gotta take the good and bad and figure it out for yourself. You’re always in charge of yourself. Just don’t try to be in charge of anyone else,” said Mona. 
I wondered how many Al-Anon or AA meetings she had been to. She paraphrased the twelve step philosophy pretty well.
“Anyway, these guys want a right now pick-up, so hustle.”
This time I drove, Belle took shotgun. On the way to pick-up, I explained that there might be someone observing.
“Just so you know, there may be a cop watching these guys.”
“Yeah? Why?”
“I told Jon about my first encounter. There was the fire-fight with Lucille’s blanks.”
“Right! Probably good for everyone to have the cops keep an eye out for their safety. Is it just me, or is there something funny about the cops trying to keep the drug dealers alive, even accidentally?”
“I’m just gonna drive. What the cops do is only my business at certain times of day and with a certain cop. These guys tip well so maybe we can check out new undergarments later. Lucille might give us access to her closet. Might give us some guidance.”
“Never did I think that I, as a retired ’ho, would be taking underwear advice from someone over whatever age Lucille is.” Belle picked up on the possible tour of Lucille’s closet.
We got to Hampshire Heights and pulled up in front of the apartment. This time the two guys who came out were more awake, better dressed and carrying briefcases. Whatever the franchise was, this time they were trying to make a better impression on the money guys in New York.
Belle got out and opened the cab’s back door. 
The two fares peeked out of the apartment door. I noticed that the first one had his hand in his bulging pocket. He leaned farther out of his door and suddenly made a run for the cab. He dove in, slid down out of sight and pulled the seat belt forward. 
His partner repeated the act but made it to the taxi with a better time, a natural born runner.
Belle hopped in and off we went.
“What time’s your train?” I asked, attempting to start some conversation.
“Soon enough to get down to the city before it gets dark. Gotta stay outta the dark,” said the first passenger. He had managed to get his seat belt clicked without raising his head above the window. 
“You gotta get us real close to the door down at the train station. Springfield is kinda scary to us country boys,” said number two.
“Country boys, my ass,” said Belle. “What’s got you all so skittery?”
“Last time you brought us back here, we had a shootout at the OK corral. Those guys are nuts. Our New York guys are threatening to pull the plug on our business if the crazies keep floating around.”
“Yeah, where’re the cops when you need ’em?” asked his friend.
“So, you want the cops to protect you from the competition?” asked Belle, leaning toward the backseat.
“Well, yeah. We just don’t want all this shit with guys with guns. Shooting customers and suppliers is a really bad business plan. My professor told me that repeat customers and a steady supply line are the most important part of every small business. That and adequate capitalization.”
“What professor?” Belle asked.
“I got my masters in business at the University. Then I look around and figure out what the best return on investment is. That was a no-brainer.”
I wasn’t sure why these guys were so willing to open up but Belle was good at questioning, so I let the info flow.
“Right now, our biggest problem, besides the possible legalization of our product, is these crazies who keep coming in from Mexico. No one can find the top guy in the organization. Hell, we can’t even figure out if there is an organization. I mean, we could, like, negotiate if we could find the fucker. If that roadblock doesn’t get moved pretty soon, our capital might start to dry up.”
The second guy spoke up. “That’s what we’re going to the City for. We gotta talk to the investors. Maybe they can get a line on the ghost. That’s what we call the organization ’cause it’s been invisible. No matter how many of the field staff get taken out of circulation, the top never shows itself. We need the Ghostbusters.”
“So, you have a lot in common with the cops right now. They’d like to see these idiots disappear too.”
“Yeah?” asked the first guy. “How do you all know what the cops like? You aren’t undercover, are you?”
“Are you serious? I’m allergic to cops.”
“Doesn’t matter. The cops have been watching us since the bullets flew in Springfield. Man, were those guys bad shots, didn’t hit anything. We’ll have to move our offices if we want to get this business up and running.”
“They’ve been watching you? The cops? How do you know that?” I asked.
“They’re across the street in that empty apartment. The donut and coffee supply is non-stop.”
I’d have to tell Jon what a sure give away the cop diet is. Maybe he wanted everyone to know that this possible franchise was under surveillance. That would keep the new people from moving in on these guys. That was a thrill the cops wanted to save for themselves. One of them had mentioned the legalization of pot and I wondered how far out their business plan ran. I was pretty certain that legalization would happen as soon as the government realized the tax potential and that was right around the corner. These entrepreneurs might be in a perfect position to take advantage of the change in status of their business product.
We pulled up in front on the train station, staying carefully off the sidewalk. There was a Girl Scout cookie table with three girls under the age of fourteen hawking their product to people wandering into the station. It gave an air of normality to the entrance. I wondered what crazy Girl Scout leader would let a bunch of girls lose in this section of Springfield. 
I started looking around to be sure there weren’t any gun happy crazies before Belle let our fares out. 
Two huge guys were parked behind the cookie table with jackets that were clearly big enough to cover weaponry. So that explained the kids selling Thin Mints. They were probably the offspring of whatever local mafia took over when Scarpelli retired. These kids had bodyguards that could block for any pro-ball team in the country and shoot anything that moved after they flattened them.
I nodded to Belle and she opened the back passenger door to let the nervous businessmen out. 
“Are either of you armed? Like with guns?” asked the first one out.
“Yeah,” said Belle. “But that costs extra. You want to pay for a bodyguard, you might talk to those guys over by the Girl Scout cookie table. And get me a box of Thin Mints while you’re there.”
As I popped the hatch to get out the briefcases, I noticed some movement between the cars parked across the street. I handed the luggage to Belle and we walked the two men toward the station entrance. I turned back to lock the car with the key fob and noticed a guy in a hoodie moving out from behind the cars and heading toward our fares. We weren’t bodyguards but I did feel an obligation to be sure they got at least as far as the station door alive and without any serious wounds. 
The Girl Scouts’ bodyguards must have sensed something as well because they moved out from behind the table and opened their jackets. 
There had been several robberies of Girl Scout cookie merchants in the news recently. A snatch and run happened in front of the Walmart in Northampton. The thief got the cash box and three boxes of cookies. It made all the local TV stations, although nobody specified what kind of cookie was preferred. One of the Brownie Scouts who was helping her big sister tackled the robber who was taken away in an ambulance. Maybe the bodyguards had seen the news coverage.
I was almost within reach of the Thin Mints when I heard the shot. It went wide and a chip of stone fell off the facade of the train station well over our heads. 
Belle stuck her hand and then her head into her oversized bag. 
One of the bodyguards drew his gun and one of the Girl Scouts stepped out from behind the table next to him. 
“This one’s mine,” she yelled. “I’m going for my last badge and it’s in target shooting.” She raised a Glock from her uniform skirt and took out the shooter’s right arm. It was the arm he was using to try to nail our fares so I hustled them inside, figuring the danger was well contained. The rule is, aim for maximum mass, but I was betting that the kid got her final badge just for hitting something.
“Holy shit,” said Belle, pushing the fares from behind. “I might need a whole case of those Thin Mints to make up for this.” As soon as the doors closed behind us, the would-be businessmen grabbed their satchels and made for the stairs to the platform. Judging from their expressions of terror, they might need to rethink their choice of product. This kind of competition took nerves of steel and they clearly didn’t have them.
When we got back outside, the Girl Scout was showing her permit to carry to the cops who had arrived in less than two minutes. They had the shooter cuffed and his gun in a bag and were talking to the bodyguards. 
I was heading to the taxi looking dumb and innocent when Belle made a side trip to the cookie table. By the time we got into the cab and off to the interstate she had stacked ten boxes of cookies in the back seat. Belle’s six foot mocha brown figure carrying ten boxes of Girl Scout cookies was hard to miss but the cops hadn’t noticed us and I didn’t see any reason to make their day more complicated. Belle tore open a box of Shortbreads and off we went.
“So how much did ten boxes of cookies cost? I think I might have to chip in since I intend to eat at least half of those suckers.”
“My treat,” mumbled Belle around her fourth cookie. Not that I was counting. “Salad all day tomorrow.”
We hadn’t run too many fares since the drug cartel from Hell had come to town and by teaming up, we were splitting both fares and tips. I didn’t worry too much about Belle’s finances. She had invested the money made from her ho’ing days well. Like she said—who would have thought a piece of fruit would be so lucrative? And it’s not even the best piece in a fruit bowl. You put out six different kinds of fruit and the apple is always the last to go. I think she had other investments as well. The name Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles had been too enticing to pass up and she got in on the ground floor. So Belle usually turned down my offers to help pay for things.
Amazingly, we still had eight boxes of cookies when we pulled into the Cool Rides garage. We toted them inside and spread them out on the coffee table in the driver’s lounge.
“Holy moly, Girl Scout cookies. Where’d you get ’em?” asked Mona, grabbing a box of Peanut Butter Sandwiches. 
Belle had taken the variety approach, but the emphasis was on Thin Mints, definitely still the most popular in my humble opinion.
Mona was slumped on the driver’s couch watching the big screen TV. The news pundits were discussing the latest disaster in Texas which was that the state couldn’t get its hands on enough lethal drugs to deal with the execution of its less desirable citizens. That was followed by one of the New England governors declaring that opioid addiction, which had caused more than a few deaths, had become an epidemic of disastrous proportions. Belle listened to the talking heads for a few seconds, munched on a Thin Mint and threw her arms up in a gesture of defeat.  
“Hello!? Do these people never talk to each other? We got enough drugs to solve the problem in Texas for the next ten years.”
“You ever known anyone die by overdose?” asked Mona.
“Sweetie, I almost did it myself. Fuckin’ pimp decided to try to keep some of us in line by hooking us on the big H. First time he got a needle in me, I stayed upright long enough to beat him purple and still kept enough brain power to call the cops. That pimp didn’t last long. One of the other women shot him.” She stopped talking suddenly, realized we were all staring at her and stuffed another cookie in her mouth.
“My best friend in college did it. She got high in the bathroom and made it back to our room before she died. I had to call the cops. Then I had to talk to her parents. I hope there is a hell set aside just for dope dealers,” said Mona.
I thought about all the rotten people in the world and figured just being in hell with them would be a certain kind of punishment. We needed something cheerful to talk about.
“I think that Girl Scout might send a few felons to hell. She has all the makings of a good cop.”
“Once she learns to aim for maximum mass. Although I had to admire that shot to the arm,” said Belle.
“Okay, what happened, and is the car still in one piece?” asked Mona.
We told her about the scene at the train station.
“I’ll put those guys on the ‘no ride’ list,” she said, grimacing. 
“I don’t think they’re cut out for that profession anyway. The facial language said total terror. I’m betting they give it up before the new guys in town go away. Next time they call for a pickup, just ask them what business they’re in,” I said.
“Actually, that could be kind of fun, in a warped sort of way,” Mona mused to herself and stuffed in a Caramel Delight.
“Yeah, be upfront. Tell them Cool Rides doesn’t pick up drug dealers. I can’t wait to hear their business degree response to that. Ha!” said Belle.
We were contemplating that and listening half-heartedly to the news reporter discuss the unfortunate situation in Texas with a straight face when the phone rang.
“This is Cool Rides. Who are you and do you deserve a ride with us?” Mona paused and listened.
“Oh hi, Lucille. Yup, yup, I’ll send her right over.” Mona turned to me. “Lucille needs a ride to Springfield. Immediately.”
Belle looked at me with the knowledge of the oldest profession.
“Uh, what time is it?” I asked.
“A little before noon,” said Mona. She had plenty of knowledge but not so much about that.
“I’m on my way. Don’t expect me back too soon.”
Belle smiled. “It’s always too soon, and never too late.”
“You don’t know that that’s what it is.”
“Oh yes, yes I do.”
“What, what’s going on?” asked Mona.




Chapter Fourteen

It took me five minutes to get to Lucille’s house and if I had been of Betsy’s sexual outlook, I would have had an orgasm. Lucille sallied forth in a black pencil skirt just above the knee, a cleavage busting cream silk blouse, black and red three-inch heels and a red silk scarf. All I really wanted to know was whether it was a no undies situation, although the top part of her undergarments was definitely push-up. I was betting on the thongs with a hole in the triangle. 
It took fifteen minutes to get to Scarpelli’s house which was a half-hour away.
“You will wait inside until I tell you to go back to the garage,” said Lucille as I helped her out of the cab. She marched up the sidewalk and rang the doorbell. 
Harry opened the door. He had his gun in one hand and a bologna sandwich in the other. His eyes popped when he saw Lucille. He was not expecting her. 
She stepped through the door.
“Where is the old geezer?” she demanded.
Harry tried not to choke on the bologna. 
“If you wait here, I’ll check in with him and see if he can receive visitors. Is everything okay?”
“Everything’s just fine. Don’t go get him. Just tell me where he is. I’m sure I can handle the introductions.”
“Ah, do I need to search you? For weapons?” asked Harry.
“No chance of that. And, no, I don’t have any on me. Well, not lethal ones anyway. Now, where is the old man?” she asked again.
“Try the upstairs bedroom. Master suite is at the end of the hall.” Harry was starting to smile. 
Lucille marched off and up the stairs, heels clicking.
“So, where is he?” I asked Harry, who now had a full-blown grin plastered across his face.
“Taking a shower.”
“Oh, lordy, lordy, can you give her a ride home if I leave now?”
“I don’t want to miss this. Neither do you.”
“I need some of that bologna, raw. With mayonnaise, maybe some peanut butter and pickles.”
“Ick,” said Harry.
“Hey, don’t knock it till you’ve tried it.” I sniffed and followed Harry into the kitchen.
“Mayo and white bread is the only way to eat bologna. The Don won’t buy white bread, so I do my own shopping. He’s into health food.”
“He eats Lucille’s cookies like they’re manna from heaven.”
“That may be a special exception. When you’re in love, all reason disappears.”
I gulped. “No! Tell me it ain’t so. She’s gonna break his heart.”
“He’ll be lucky if that’s all she breaks but I wouldn’t count him out,” said Harry, slathering a piece of Wonder Bread with mayo. He handed me the container of bologna. 
I wrapped a piece around a pickle and took a bite.
Harry looked stricken.
Lucille hadn’t returned after forty-five minutes. I guessed Harry might have some insider knowledge because he seemed unconcerned.
An hour and a half later, Lucille clicked down the stairs, looking fresh and completely put together. Except for the look on her face. A sated woman is easy to spot, for another woman. 
Scarpelli followed her down, fully dressed in black slacks, a white shirt and a dark gray sport coat. He looked like a tom cat that had devoured the canary, the cream and the kitty as well.
“I am ready to go home now,” said Lucille with dignity I would not have had. 
I got to the door before her, went to open it when Scarpelli spun her around and gave her a kiss that would have made Hugh Hefner blush.
“Now, she’s ready to go home,” he said and backed up a step as I opened the door for a surprised and blushing Lucille.
We were a few miles up the interstate when Lucille cleared her throat.
“You should not speak of this to Sophia. Belle will already know, and I don’t mind if Mona knows but Sophia was on a widow’s rant. It was either do this or shoot her. She is a dear friend and we each must work out our grief in our own way. So I didn’t want to shoot her.”
I drove faster. I really wanted to know how Belle knew what she knew. What kind of womanly instinct was I missing?
Lucille continued, “I also got further information about the new drug cartel. Antoni has found several of the drop boxes for the money and drugs. Apparently the drugs are delivered by one person, never the same one, and the money is left in the same location a week later. The money is taken at some point, but Antoni’s men haven’t been able to spot the pick-up and they don’t know where the money goes or how it is laundered. I will pass all this to Jon, but I think Antoni is already in contact with him. They will need to decide whom to trust among the Holyoke and Springfield police. We need to find the head of this beast.”
“At least we have a target,” I said.
“Yes, before beginning a hunt it is wise to ask someone what you are looking for.”
“Is that what Antoni Scarpelli said?”
“Winnie the Pooh.”
“Unh.” 
We pulled into Lucille’s side of Jon’s driveway and I walked around the car to help her out.
“Thank you, dear. I’m a bit stiff. Unused muscles and all that. He really was quite spectacular.”
“Unh.”
Sophia opened the door as I escorted Lucille up the sidewalk. She looked like a thunder cloud turning into a tornado. 
“Do come in for cookies. It will keep her at bay until I can change into something more comfortable.”
“Unh.” I followed Lucille inside.
“So, your time of mourning is over! I don’t approve but, as your friend, I am happy for you.”
“Oh, stuff it, Sophia. I got some good intelligence on the bad guys. I shall arrange a meeting with Lieutenant Stevens for as soon as possible to decide how to proceed. Don Scarpelli will come over later to participate in the discussion.”
“Humph,” Sophia grunted and started the laborious process of locking the door. 
By the time the last lock was flipped, Lucille had escaped to her bedroom. She came out in ten minutes, went to the kitchen and started gathering cookie ingredients. “The boys will be home soon. Where are the twins and Xavier?”
“They are in front of the Lieutenant’s extremely large TV. He told me to feel free to, I quote as I am unsure of the American language, ‘park them there.’ The dog is with them.”
I made eye contact with Lucille and she let me know that I could go back to work. She had a running account with Cool Rides that Mona kept track of. Apparently Scarpelli transported her in his own way as well.
When I got back to Cool Rides, Belle was on a local run of teenagers who forgot lunch money, Riggs to the airport, and Betsy putting in time at her regular job. Undercover didn’t get a cop out of doing paperwork. 
Since the arrival of the new cartel, Willie had instituted new safety measures. We were back to driving alone but only regulars. The night shift was reduced to “by appointment only.” A few part-time drivers who usually worked the downtown bars and concert venues would be temporarily out of jobs.
Mona waved a fare slip. “I got the three stooges to the porn store and back if you want them. Otherwise I’ll tell Belle to pick it up when she’s done with lunch money.”
“I’ll take it.” I grabbed the slip. The three stooges were so called because they were so named—Larry Kulowski, Morris Cupperkick, and John Curlowski. The only place we ever took them was the porn store.
Today they were fighting over who would make the first pass at the woman who lived next door. Larry, Curly and Mo shared a room but the lady in question was single with no roomy. 
“She said, first come first serve!” said Larry.
“You come before you get there, she ain’t gonna be served at all,” said Morris.
“Nobody’s gonna come if we can’t get it up in the first place. We gotta get some more of that Viagra stuff so we better hit the pharmacy too.”
“Pills, pills, pills. I don’t need no pills. I had a stiffy when I got outta bed this morning and it hasn’t gone away.”
“If it’s up for more than four hours, you’re supposed to call the doctor.”
I checked in and told Mona I would be stopping at a CVS before I took the trio home.
I delivered Larry, Curly and Mo back to their waiting lady friend with a bag full of things I didn’t want to think about and drove back to Cool Rides. 
Belle and Riggs were back, and Betsy was walking down the hill. I could find out how Belle’s talk with the Judge went and if Betsy’s first date landed a second one and if Riggs and Henry had found a wedding venue. So much gossip, so little work. 
It was getting late in the afternoon and Mona had nothing that she wanted to subject us to. Betsy’s first date had been a raging success, so we all decided to go uptown to check out the shoe possibilities for the second date. Riggs was joining us because Henry had pulled an evening shift in the ER.
The first stop was a pair of red suede ankle boots with a short fringe along the ankle seam and a three-inch spike heel. Betsy didn’t feel like she would need to flee the scene this time, so she was willing to go with the higher heel. We were the only customers and the booties in question were all alone on a pedestal in the center of the store. We gathered around and started the discussion. Buying this kind of shoe is a social event, a shared community undertaking. 
“You’re sure you want to go with spike?” asked Riggs.
“No, I’m going with Bonnie. Spike isn’t of my persuasion.” 
“Unh,” said Riggs. “Funny. How ’bout the fringe? It’s sort of western. What’s the rest of the outfit?”
“I’m carrying a rope and a whip. I’m gonna herd me some cows!” said Betsy.
“Okay children, let’s focus. Is this pair of shoes sending the message you want?” asked Belle.
“Absolutely. I don’t need to look anymore.”
“Okay.” I wandered off to check out a pair of purple thigh high ankle-breakers in the boot section. 
Belle had excused herself to the lady’s room. Riggs and Betsy had turned to do a quick once over of the rest of the stock, just in case. 
I looked back at the shoes up for consideration when a young woman in a large overcoat sidled up to the display. Her coat swung open and the boots disappeared.
“Hey,” I yelled. “She’s got your boots.”
The shoplifter heard me and sprinted toward the door.
“Freeze, police!” Betsy screeched. The woman picked up speed and Betsy launched a pursuit just as Belle sauntered out of the restroom.
“Fuck you,” the woman growled. Turning, she pulled a gun out of her voluminous garment. 
Belle saw the gun and pulled out her own weapon. 
The thief got off a shot and a pair of bright yellow and red rubber rain boots keeled over onto the floor. Belle took aim and shot the robber in the left ass cheek. It looked superficial but the woman crashed to the floor screaming. 
Betsy ran up and cuffed her. The bullet must have kept going because a pair of rhinestone studded sandals with full leg ties bounced to the floor.
“I’m a cop, you asshole. Never get between a cop and a good pair of shoes!” 
The clerk peeked around the edge of the counter where he had taken cover at the first screech.
Belle picked up the red ankle boots. 
“Lucky they’re red,” she said, examining the slight blood stain on one heel. “I think you should get a discount for damage.”
“They’re free. That woman has swiped six pairs of shoes and I couldn’t catch her. She even brought back a pair she stole to exchange for a different color.”
“Sorry, no bribes,” said Betsy, snatching the boots from Belle, caressing the fringe and pulling out her charge card.
We called in the bust and a uniform arrived with a patrol car. He looked at the scratch across the ass cheek and said he’d have the EMT at the station check it out.
“Yes!” said Betsy and we all fist bumped. “This date is gonna be hot, hot, hot. It’s already got good karma.”
Belle had started wandering around the store, checking out the highest of the high spike heels.
“You can’t be serious. You can’t even walk to the bedroom in those.” I joined her at a display of true slut shoes, good for nothing except shoe fetish. 
“Doesn’t matter. I’ll swing one from each manicured finger while I sway to the music on my way to the bedroom, barefoot.”
“You must have talked to Carlton.”
“Sort of. I decided I didn’t give a shit about anything right now as long as I keep hitting the big O.”
“You and Lucille.”
“No! Tell me she did it with Scarpelli.” Belle looked at me gleefully.
“In the shower, I think.”
“Oh, be still my heart. Please, please, beat as strong as hers. Lucille gives me hope that growing old isn’t the disaster that Bette Davis claimed. I hope I can use the shower for more than washing my hair when I’m seventy-whatever.”
Riggs strolled up, holding a pair of open toed, silver and red, low heeled shoes. 
“Makes me want to be a woman, or maybe ask Henry to wear them. I thought you might like to model them so I can fantasize.” He handed them to Belle. 
I sighed. I would never catch up to Belle.
We played in the shoe store for a while longer. The price on Betsy’s shoes allowed us the privilege. Jon and Lucille would be meeting with Scarpelli tonight and I was happy to put that off as long as possible. 
By six o’clock Belle had gone home, or maybe not. Betsy had gone off with Bonnie, whom we had yet to meet. Henry had been relieved of his late shift and dropped by to pick up Riggs. Mona and Willie had gone wherever they go and locked the door behind them. 
I was walking slowly back to Jon’s house. I could have gone to my apartment, but I felt an obligation to Lucille, and I was curious about what was going to happen. I just didn’t want Jon to tell me to stay home and clean the house.
When I got there I went to Lucille’s side, assuming everyone would be sitting around her table devouring cookies. I could hear the TV on Jon’s side and figured the boys had been “parked” there. I tapped on the door and heard locks being opened. 
When I got in, Lucille was standing at the stove, Scarpelli was at the table with Sophia, no Jon.
“He will be along shortly.” Lucille turned, wielding a spatula like a weapon. I suspected she knew how to kill a bad guy ten ways with most kitchen utensils. Instead she shoveled a dozen more cookies onto the platter in front of us. She avoided looking at Scarpelli and turned to me. “Is there anything we should know about Cool Rides today?”
“Betsy found the perfect shoes for her date tonight?” I formed it as a question because I didn’t think it was what Lucille was looking for.
“Well, that’s wonderful. She seems very enamored of Bonnie. It is good to find one’s soul mate.”
A slight smile flashed across Scarpelli’s face. 
I was waiting for some response when I heard a car pull into the driveway. Seconds later Jon’s door slammed. Five minutes after that, the locks started to flip on Lucille’s door. Jon was the only one with keys besides Lucille and me. “The kids are fine unless you want to censor what they’re watching.” 
“They do like your television,” said Lucille.
How homey, I thought, considering that we were about to discuss the murder and mayhem caused by a new drug cartel in the neighborhood.
Jon helped himself to a cookie, nodded at Scarpelli. He was admitting a long time enemy to the table and his body language made it clear who was in charge. I grudgingly understood that Jon was a natural leader. He would be in charge of the discussion and any action that resulted from it. Just not in charge of me. And probably Lucille was well beyond anyone’s control. It made me wonder about how the alpha males chose their mates. 
“Lucille told me you have some new information.”
Scarpelli raised an eyebrow at Lucille. She turned to the stove and stirred the pot of soup furiously. 
“Ah, about the new people in town. Yes, we have spotted several of their exchange points for drugs and cash and, finally, identified at least three of their money laundering situations.”
“Have you talked to the Holyoke police about any of this?” asked Jon, glancing over at Lucille. 
I could tell when he figured out what had happened between Scarpelli and Lucille. A frown formed on his face, an eye roll followed and, finally, a very slight upward tilt of one corner of his mouth.
“No. My experience with that station is not positive. I don’t think they would accept information from me. It needs to be filtered.”
“And I’m the filter.”
“Yes.”
“Fine by me. What you got?”
“It is a very well thought out system spread out over a number of cities between here and the Mexican border. Your city is not alone.”
“Do you know the other cities?”
“Not all, but some. They are all population centers under a half-million surrounded by much smaller cities with colleges nearby. That is part of the genius. But the organization is one that feels like it comes from Mexico. There are things that have gotten lost in translation.”
“Uh huh,” said Jon. 
“Such as the transportation issue which resulted in the attempt to take over the cab company by force.”
“Uh huh.”
“They needed cars.”
“Uh huh.”
“Lieutenant. If we are going to have this conversation, I need to know what you already have and what you are looking for.” Jon’s one syllable answers were beginning to grate on Scarpelli.
“I have almost nothing and Holyoke isn’t sharing. I’ll take anything as long as I can pass it along and pressure Holyoke to use it.”
“This information is given freely with no strings. If you avoid using my name, you will have more credibility. Can you do that?”
“Yes. Tell me about the transportation issue.”
“In order to move drugs that are delivered, mostly by air, and to move field agents from place to place, they needed cars. The way they would get a car where they come from is to steal it. That is what they were instructed to do. The easiest cars to steal were those of least quality. They tended to break down. So they were told to take over a taxi company. Where they come from in Mexico a gang would simply shoot the owner and take the company by force. Possibly they would already own one. Our system here is a bit different. They are having trouble adjusting and are remarkably unable to make changes when circumstances require it.”
“So, all the shit that went down was because they were too cheap to buy a decent car?”
“No, all the shit went down because they didn’t understand the system here. Which leads me to believe that the head of the snake, or the Puppet Master as he has been called, is Mexican. He or she may be operating up here but has not been in this country long enough to adjust techniques.”
I wondered if there was a guide to starting a drug cartel on the Internet. If you could find out how to build an atomic bomb, why not?
“What did you learn from the young men who are in the hospital?” Scarpelli asked.
“That they are either very afraid or they’ve bought into being permanent members of the gang, hoping to work their way up. They’re given smart phones when they arrive, and they receive all their orders as an email on that phone. We have several of the phones and are working on breaking them. None of the field agents ever meet anyone face to face.”
“When they deliver money for cleaning, they drop it inside a business but don’t give it to a person. The only humans involved in this seem to be the field dealers who are brought in from Mexico,” added Lucille.
Sophia cleared her throat. “I think they are into more than just the drugs. I don’t think Xavier and the twins were brought here to distribute drugs. They were sold in Mexico and I think they were going to be sold again.”
“Human trafficking,” I said quietly.
“Shit,” said Jon.
“It is an extensive enterprise,” said Scarpelli. “It is important to learn who is running it and where. Have you had any luck with the Mexican authorities?”
“No.”
“Perhaps I can help with that,” Sophia said. “I do have friends in the right places. They were very upset when Xavier was taken. There are others that are angry enough to do something.” She paused, leaned forward and lowered her voice. 
I wasn’t sure who she thought was listening, but I understood the paranoia. I was getting creeped out by the invisibility of the head of the snake thing.
“The other gangs have been going to great lengths to find out who and where this Puppet Master is and have been unsuccessful. When the other cartels make that effort, people talk. No one has talked. That is not through loyalty or fear. That is because no one knows,” she added.
“I think we look for the big guy here, at this end, in Holyoke,” I blurted out, my only real contribution to the conversation.
Jon nodded.
“I will continue to exploit my sources,” said Scarpelli. “So far all we have learned is from careful observation and because we know the terrain. There are no leaks in this organization that would lead us to the top. Everyone is scared to talk or doesn’t know anything.”
“It appears that the ball is in their court at the moment. If we continue to observe and share information, eventually we will find the head of the snake and then I will chop it off,” said Lucille.
We agreed to meet whenever anyone of us felt we needed to. Scarpelli took his leave. Harry came inside long enough to grab a few cookies. Jon and I were about to go next door when Lucille turned to us with a smile.
“Remember that we parked five adolescent boys in front of your television. Don’t be too shocked when you go next door,” she said.
“There’s no porn on that TV,” said Jon.
I wondered if that meant it was somewhere else.
“If it connects to the Internet, God knows what they may have found.”
The boys were laughing when we went into Jon’s house. 
We smiled until we looked at the screen. They were watching a feed from cameras in the police station. Cops were yawning, feet up. One was reading a magazine and that was the cause of laughter. It was hard-core. The camera was behind the cop in question so the kids could see every detail on the page. 
Jon and I watched in horror as the cop’s hand wandered in the direction of his crotch. 
It was getting too close when the phone on his desk rang.
“Don’t even think about it and put that God-awful magazine in the garbage where it belongs. And then get a fucking life,” Jon growled into his cell phone behind me. 
The cop jerked his hand back, whirled around to see where his lieutenant was and looked at the phone. “Lieutenant? What the fuck?”
Jon punched his phone off, snatched the remote off the coffee table and turned off the feed. He sat down facing the boys.
“How did you know how to do that?” he asked.
“Do what?” asked Terry.
“Hack into police station cameras.”
“Oh, that.”
“I did that at home for my abuela all the time,” Xavier said in Spanish, then he blushed and repeated it in English. “The local policia, she didn’t trust them. We would watch them to be sure they didn’t hurt the prisoners. If they did, she would do what you did. Call them and scare them.”
“You’re good with computers.”
“Uh huh,” said Xavier.
“Good to know,” said Jon. “Time to head next door and let your abuela put you to bed.” 
Sophia was using the spare bed in Lucille’s room and the boys were all camping on airbeds in Terry’s room. Jon had his house back.
The boys all filed out. Jon brought up the rear and made sure they were all inside next door with locks thrown. He turned back to me and locked his own door, but he looked distracted. He had a half a cop face on. I recognized the expression. He needed to think. Since he had locked the door, I assumed he wanted me to stay, even if it was just to hang out for a while. 
He took my hand and led me to the couch. We sat next to each other for a few seconds holding hands, silent.
“What do you think about Sophia?” Jon asked suddenly.
“Ah, she’s holding onto her widow’s grief for a long time. She’s very protective of Xavier.”
“Huh,” said Jon. He got up and led me to the bedroom. We did our best to distract each other from all the weird and mysterious violence swirling around us. He held me close. We both needed human warmth.




Chapter Fifteen

The next morning Jon had left for work when I shuffled out in search of coffee. He needed to figure out whom he could trust in the Mexican government, in the Springfield police, in the Holyoke police, and anyone else in the general population who might profit by running a drug cartel. That would be everyone. If they ever truly legalize drugs, half the population of the country would be on unemployment and welfare. Something to look forward to.
I guzzled coffee and went off to moving people no matter what their profession.
When I got to Cool Rides, Willie had decided to lift the ban on night crew. We hadn’t had any trouble for a few days. Everyone assumed the idiots were taking a break from cartel building because they had run out of cannon fodder. The night guys were going off shift. 
A guy who looked like he had stepped out of WWE Smack Down got out of my usual cab. His name was Jax Snimble and he had muscles on muscles and a face that had suffered a lot of damage from other people’s fists. The nose went sideways and both his ears had splits. He had done the semi-pro-wrestling circuit for five years and decided taxi driving would be a nice change.
“Hey, Honey, how’s tricks?” he hollered at me. His voice was loud all the time because his hearing was damaged from having his ears boxed.
“Hi, Jax,” I said. 
He lunged forward, grabbed my waist and free lifted me over his head. 
I was used to this. It was his standard greeting when he had been using my cab. I spread my arms and pretended to fly. That satisfied his “I still got it” ego so he put me back on the ground.
“Big Blue behaved herself and no vomit in the back seat. Didn’t check in front but I would’a noticed.” He handed me the keys. 
Big Blue was his name for my dark blue car. I called it “car,” sometimes “taxi” if I was feeling specific. For Jax, everything had a name. Even the chair the other wrestlers used to hit him over the head was called “Little Brown Bear” for the wallop that it packed. He had tried to teach me how to take a hit from Little Brown Bear and not feel it. We didn’t get past letting him demonstrate how to turn from the blow when I was wielding the chair. 
He wandered inside, turned in his fare money and came out as Belle was parking her Mini Cooper.
“Hey, my favorite mocha princess. How’s tricks today?” Jax ambled over to Belle.
“Yes, to mocha, yes to princess, no to tricks. Besides, you run the night shift. How’s your tricks?” Belle extended her hand like the queen and Jax bent over to kiss it.
“Okay, we’ll make you the queen. Princess is such a lowly title. Didn’t pull any tricks last night but made a pile of bucks. Only had to throw one guy into the ditch.”
“I didn’t hear that,” said Mona, coming out of the office.
“You wouldn’t have cared. I probably saved his life. He was falling down drunk and I put him to bed behind a hedge. I surely wasn’t gonna let him in the cab or leave him loose to wander into the street, splat, become tire fodder.”
“Sokay, you done good last night.” Mona handed him a check. He whistled and took off, walking uptown. Cool Rides was generous to its drivers.
“Lucille called. She wants the kids to go to the Holyoke Children’s Museum today. That means both of you in two separate cabs.”
“Okay!” Belle fist pumped the air. She loved field trips. 
“You’ll need to take the dog too so one of you has to be the doggie sitter.”
“I can do that,” I said, knowing that Belle would want to get inside the museum. She was a child at heart and the kids would have more fun with her while the dog would have more fun with me. What did that say about our respective personalities?
“When’s the pick-up?” asked Belle.
“Lucille said to give them a half hour. She needs to get Sophia convinced that it’s safe and then try to get her out of her widow’s black. She feels like it would put a damper on everyone’s fun.”
“She be right about that,” said Belle. “That woman is nothing if not a downer. She needs some color in her life. I wonder if Lucille is gonna let her see the secret closet.”
“It may be the only way to get her out of black.”
“Or Lucille could explain about orange being the new black,” said Belle.
“That might do it.”
We decided to leave it up to Lucille to change black into something more cheerful and twiddled our thumbs for ten minutes.
“We get there early, we can fill our pockets with cookies before we fill the taxis with people,” said Belle.
I grabbed keys and we were out the door.
After we crammed all five boys and two adults into passenger seats and got seat belts fastened, I put Oz behind the back seat. He sat with his head drooping over the seat and spent a few minutes cleaning out the twins’ ears with a tongue that seemed to be growing faster than his legs which had at least doubled in length since he arrived. 
Sophia was out of her widow’s black and had morphed into a butterfly of epic proportions. She had gained a figure with a turquoise fitted silk blouse and black pencil slacks. Dainty blue earrings and flat heeled blue shoes made me feel my own empty earlobes and check out my ragged sneakers. She had her hair in a bun on top of her head. Access to Lucille’s closet created miracles. A black scarf was wrapped around her neck, in tribute to whomever she was mourning. Or a compromise with Lucille. 
Lucille, on the other hand, was dressed in old lady clothes. Her loose flower print dress and sensible shoes were ideal for hiding whatever weaponry she felt necessary for the circumstances. 
We zipped down the interstate and got off at the exit for the museum. I listened to my GPS and carefully followed the requested route. I had followed Belle’s route once. That had resulted in a socio-economic situation that GPS doesn’t calculate. I had run a number of red lights to avoid getting my windows washed with oil and grease or shot out by someone doing daily target practice. 
We arrived at the museum with no mishaps and unloaded everyone except Oz who seemed to be asleep. 
After the boys and adults had attacked the museum entrance, I decided to go for a short ride around, not venturing far from the safety of the museum parking lot. 
We were near the canals but still outside of gang territory. Massive warehouses snuggled up to the waterways, some in a variety of levels of neglect and others looking like they were still in use. A few were being rehabbed into high end, spacious condos. 
I had driven less than a block when Oz woke up. He climbed over the back seat and looked out the window. Then he jumped into the passenger seat next to me and started whining. Then he started barking and scratching at the door.
“Jeez, okay, already. If you gotta go.” I pulled over to the curb next to one of the warehouses that looked okay from the outside. There was a strip of grass and a wrought iron fence between the door to the warehouse and the sidewalk. I snapped the leash on and we started to walk along the fence. Oz had his tail up and wagging, his ears on alert and his nose in the air in sniff mode. 
There was a gate about halfway down the length of the grass strip. It hung open and a stone path led to a steel door with a mail slot large enough to receive a good-sized package. The street and number were in large metal letters next to the mail slot. 
I wasn’t paying attention to Oz when he took a sudden left turn and galloped through the open gate and up the path, jerking the leash out of my hand. I ran after him, retrieved the leash and wrapped it tightly around my hand. “Bad dog, Oz,” I muttered and turned to leave.
“Woof!” 
“No, we are not going in. Not invited, don’t know where we are. And you needed to do something which I don’t think they want you to do on their doorstep.”
“Woof!” Oz was crowding the door and started sniffing what looked like it might be a doorbell of some sort, although it was a little low, like down on Oz level. He snorted and pushed his nose against the black patch. 
I started to pull harder when the door clicked and slid smoothly open. Oz lunged forward before I could brace against his weight and I was pulled inside after him.
I stumbled into a large open room with no furniture, light gray walls, a white ceiling and overhead lights that flashed on just before the door closed with a thud and a click. I whirled around to open it and run out when I realized I had dropped Oz’s leash again. 
Oz bounded across the room. I caught movement out of the corner of my eye and saw  Oz jumping around what appeared to be a short robot. It had wheels for feet and two oversized clamps for hands. They were attached to jointed arm-like appendages. The robot was rolling across the floor toward the door and the mail slot. I heard a whirring noise. A steel tray slid out of the slot and a package was pushed in from outside. 
Oz bounced around the robot as it picked up the package, turned and started to the opposite side of the room. The tray slid back into the mail slot. 
I watched the robot roll across the room. 
Oz had lost interest and was sniffing his way along the wall. 
The robot reached the far side of the room and went part way into an open doorway. It dumped the package, turned to the wall and parked itself. I walked over to the pile of packages that was spilling out of the second room. That wasn’t all that was spilling out into the larger, sterile room. Hundred-dollar bills, a few fifties and a lot of tens floated out with the impact of the dropped package.
Shit, I thought. This can’t be good. 
I pounced on Oz’s leash and pulled him toward the door to the outside. 
He trotted over behind me as I desperately pushed on the door. I turned the handle, pulled, kicked it and finally sagged against it. 
Oz looked at me, walked up to the button on the side of the door, laid his nose against it and the door swung open. I dashed through, dragging Oz behind and pulling my cell phone out as I headed to the cab. I pushed Jon’s number.
“Honey? What’s up?”
“I think I found the Puppet Master or at least where he lives. And a lot of cash, like a roomful of cash!” I gave Jon the address and a brief description of what I had found.
“Shit, get out of there. Get in the cab and get yourself back to wherever you left Lucille. She should be armed. I’ll find you there. I’m calling the Holyoke station to send some uniforms to secure the location.” He paused and I could hear him take a deep breath. “Just get somewhere safe.” 
I loaded Oz into the cab and was about to screech down the street when two cruisers screamed around the corner. One pulled in front of me and the other blocked my rear. I thought maybe they had misunderstood Jon’s instructions. 
I put the car in park, turned it off and down buttoned the window. I stuck both hands out the window so they could see they were empty. I find it smart to be very cautious around guys with guns. As it turned out, it wasn’t just guys. A female uniform was the first one to approach the car. 
Oz had clambered over the back seat and was standing in the shotgun seat, his tail waving. 
“Hi. Did Lieutenant Stevens call you?” I asked as she came up to the window, gun drawn and in shooting position. I was feeling like the cops were more dangerous than whoever might have been in the house.
They got me out of the car, slowly, keeping my hands where they could see them. 
Oz wagged his tail and shifted from foot to foot, crowding close to the door, wanting out.
“Can you control the dog?”
“I can get a leash on him. He’s pretty laid back, but he seems to know this place.”
“Does he belong to you?”
“It’s a long story. Maybe we could wait for Lieutenant Stevens. He can explain a lot of the background.”
“Right.” She said it as though she had heard that line before. “So, the instructions were to secure the building. Do we need to go inside? Do you know if there’s anyone in there?”
“I didn’t see anyone, but I wasn’t in there very long.”
“But you saw a large amount of cash?” 
“A roomful of boxes and bags and loose cash. And a robot.”
“A robot.” The cops were beginning to wonder how crazy this woman was. What kind of weird situation had they been sent into? “Okay, let’s go inside and do a wellness check. Make sure everyone is alive and well. You said the door was open when you went in?”
“Uh, no. It sort of opened and the dog ran in and I ran in after the dog.”
“Right, but the door is unlocked?”
“I’m not sure what it is now.”
One of the cops walked up the stone path and tried the door. 
“Locked.”
“Did you actually see the money?”
“Yes! I saw the money and the robot. There is something strange in there and you should check it out.”
We argued for ten more minutes before Jon arrived in his unmarked.
He got out and shook hands with the uniforms, introducing me as a taxi driver from Northampton. He didn’t mention Oz who had planted himself on Jon’s feet, looking up with adoring eyes.
He turned to me. “Tell me exactly what happened and what you saw.”
I explained Oz’s behavior and how he had somehow opened the door and pulled me inside. I told him about the packages and the loose cash, repeating what I had told the Holyoke officers. Jon picked up on the Oz part. The uniforms probably thought I was a nut case that Jon was screwing, and he was humoring me. I’m not sure how far from the truth that was.
“Let’s see if we can get a search warrant based on what this woman saw,” Jon said to one of the Holyoke uniforms. “Yes, I will vouch for her as a reliable source,” he sighed when the uniforms looked doubtful.
“It might be one of the drug gangs. I got a judge on speed dial anytime I get something relating. You sure you trust this lady?” said the female cop.
“I’m sure. Whatever she saw, we’ve been having trouble in Northampton. It’s related.” He gave me a You better have your shit right look and we all waited while the cop speed dialed the judge. 
We listened to her repeat the story again. A voice relayed it to the judge and the cop raised her hand. “We got it, let’s go,” he said.
We all walked up the stone path and tried the door again. 
“We’ll probably need the bar,” said the cop at the front.
“There’s a pad or button or something down near your knee.” I pointed to the black pad that Oz had sniffed. 
The cop leaned over and pushed on it. Nothing. He pushed again. Nothing.
“Let the dog try it,” said Jon. 
The cop gave him a look but they all moved aside and Oz walked up to the door. He stood in front of the door and stared up at me. 
I leaned over and tapped the pad. 
Oz licked my hand. He didn’t want to go inside and wasn’t about to waste his time getting us in.
“Oh, for Christ’s sake,” said the female officer. She grabbed Oz by the scruff of his neck and shoved his nose against the pad. Oz yelped, strained backward and the door opened. He dashed inside. The door slid closed behind him.
“Shit! shit, shit,” screamed the female officer. “Why didn’t someone put a foot in it?” 
We all looked at her. 
“Whatever. Now what do we do.”
“I’ll go get the breaker bar,” said one of the other uniforms.
I stepped between the crowd and the sealed door. I knew, and all the cops knew, that a drug dealer was going to have doors that would need a bulldozer to take them down.
“Oz,” I yelled at the solid door, hoping he could hear something through the steel. “Treats!”
The door slid silently open and Oz stood expectantly, tail wagging. The uniforms bumped him aside, nearly running him over in their hurry not to get locked out again.
“I owe you buddy,” I said, then looked on in astonishment as Jon pulled a mini dog biscuit out of his pocket.
“Price of admission,” he said and followed everyone inside.
“Holy Mother!” whispered one cop, looking at the piles of cash spilling out of the side room.
“I’m calling it in. We need forensics and someone to start a count.” Turning to me, she extended her hand. “Sadie Golden,” she said. 
“Honey Walker.” I smiled, and we shook hands.
“Guess you knew what you saw. Can’t believe you just found it.”
“I didn’t.” I pointed to Oz who had started wandering the periphery of the room, dragging the leash. He came to a closed door on the opposite side of the room from the money stash.
“Woof.” He put his nose against the non-existent crack between the door and the wall and sniffed. He started whining and backed up a few steps. 
We all turned to watch. Well, most of us. Two of the cops were still staring at the piles of money.
Oz whined again and sat down. He stood up and paced in a circle, almost shouting that he didn’t want to go in that room, but he had to. Sadie was about to do another scruff of the neck grab when Oz walked over and put his nose against the pad that was next to this door. It slid open and I made sure I was there to keep it open this time. 
There was a humming noise and banks and banks of computer equipment. On the far side a desk faced the computers or servers or whatever they were. I was pretty computer illiterate, but I could see that this was a sizable investment in technology, and it was up and running and clicking and functional. What wasn’t functional was the guy behind the desk. The skeletal mummy sat, tattered clothing hanging off his bones, glaring blankly forward. His chair looked like something out of a high-end sports car with high sides and a high back in black leather. The skull leaned slightly to one side, held in place by the headrest. A shock of white blond hair fell over the blackened forehead. 
Oz whined again. He walked slowly over to the skin covered bones.
“Rrrrr, woof.” He backed up, sat down and turned his head to look at Jon. He got up, paced over to Jon’s feet, tucked his tail and sat on Jon’s shoes. The message was clear: You’re the new guy in my life. 
I handed Jon my end of the leash.
The atmosphere in the room with the body was desert dry and cool, almost cold. 
“A clean room,” said Officer Sadie. “I took a few computer courses.”
“What’s that mean?”
“Mega servers, mega computers, our dead guy there could have run a small country from this room. He sure as shit could run a drug cartel.”
“Yeah, but he’s dead,” said one of the other cops.
“The computer isn’t,” said Sadie. We all listened to the hum and watched a few lights flash on and off.
“You got anyone who can get inside this thing?” asked Jon.
“We got someone who can help us figure out who the mummy over there is. State will probably take that over. Probably take the whole bust over,” said another cop morosely. 
“Maybe, but we got some good intelligence here.” Everyone turned to look at Jon and then at Oz who stayed as close to Jon’s leg as he could without tipping Jon over. He was filling in as he grew up and weight was making leaning uncomfortable for the leanee.
We were thinking about Oz and how to communicate with him when my cell phone rang.
“Where’d you go?” asked Belle.
“Oz needed a bathroom break.”
“How long can it take to use the bathroom? He’s got the whole outdoors.”
“It’s complicated.”
“A bathroom?”
“It’s a big bathroom.”
“You planning to come back in the near future?”
“How long can you keep yourselves entertained?”
“That we can do forever but Lucille has some cookies to bake. She’s getting tense and Scarpelli is stopping by tonight. She still needs to hit the closet.”
I looked at Jon. 
“The forensics van will be here pretty soon, and Xavier might be able to shed some light on this situation. Bring the whole crew over,” said Jon.
“Who is the whole crew and when are you going to tell us the whole story?” asked Sadie.
“What I’m going to tell you now is that the old lady that’s coming over used to be a very special agent so you treat her with respect and listen carefully to what she says. Unless she tries to act like a tottering old fool. Then you tell her to cut it out. One of the kids is her adopted son, one is in foster care and three are being held as material witnesses before they get deported back to Mexico.”
“Holy shit. What is this? A special needs day care?”
“Call it a modern family outing,” said Jon and he handed me the human end of Oz’s leash.
“And who owns the dog? And how does he keep getting in these doors?” Sadie wasn’t going to be put off.
“I assume the black patch is nose print sensitive. A dog nose print is like a human fingerprint.”
“Why would Mr. Dead Guy over there make the door open for a dog and why this one?”
“And why is he dead?” asked someone else.
“So many questions, so little time. Let’s wait for forensics,” said Jon.
I was getting ready to go fetch Belle, Lucille, Sophia and the boys when Sadie’s phone rang.
She listened to the voice on the other end, paused, swore a few times and punched off the phone.
“FBI. They’re interested. They’ll be here way too fast.”
Jon pulled me to one side. “Go get Sophia and Xavier fast. I want to know if they recognize anything about the body and I want to know before the information pipeline shrinks to nothing.”
I almost pranced out the door. I love it when Jon bends the rules. This time he might be almost breaking them, especially if you were the FBI.




Chapter Sixteen

Belle was on her back, draped over the hood of her taxi, sunning. The boys were still inside the museum. Since Lucille and Sophia were sitting on a bench outside, I assumed the children had been acting like adults enough to be left alone.
“I need to get Sophia and Xavier over to this place fast. We may have found the Puppet Master. Jon wants to know if they recognize anything about him.”
“Like who he is maybe.”
“Probably not. He’s been dead for a while.”
“Ick,” said Belle. “I’ll go get them and we can all go over. How many cops he got wandering around the place?”
“I thought you were over that.”
“That ain’t never gonna happen.”
“You might want to stay in the car.”
She came out ten minutes later with all the boys in tow. We loaded up, drove to the warehouse and unloaded. I felt like a clown car act. 
When we walked up the pathway, Jon opened the door, Oz bounded out and began his wiggle around the legs routine. 
The boys got down and did their we love a dog thing, and everyone was happy. 
Then we went inside. Lucille sucked in a breath when she saw the piles of money. 
The forensic van had arrived, and the count had begun. It was clear that, especially if we added in the money laundering that Scarpelli had witnessed, this operation was processing huge amounts of cash. That meant an extensive network of smaller dealers. If they could crack the computer, they would be rounding up enough of the bottom feeders to fill the jails for a long time. They might also get a really good idea of how the cartels worked.
Jon came over to Sophia and Xavier. “I’d like you to take a look at a dead body, Sophia. I’m hoping you might recognize something about him. I will tell you that it isn’t in good shape.”
“I assure you that I have seen worse.”
Jon took her elbow and guided her to the clean room door. The police had learned their lesson and propped it open. Hauling Oz over every time they wanted to check out the mummy was counterproductive. 
Xavier followed quietly behind his grandmother.
“Oh, Madre de Dios,” whispered Sophia, crossing herself. She studied the corpse for a minute. “It is too difficult to tell what any of his features were.”
Lucille and I had squeezed in behind Xavier.
“Perhaps a police sketch artist,” said Lucille.
“Abuela?” Xavier spoke for the first time since he entered the warehouse.
“Oh, my beloved, you should not be in here. This is nothing you need to see.” Sophia put her hand out to her grandson.
“But look. Around its neck. That is your sister’s cross.”
Sophia’s hand went to her mouth. She made another cross over her chest and took a step closer. A silver cross with delicate blue enamel flowers running down the front hung on a silver chain around the mummy’s neck. The shirt had fallen open to reveal a tattoo on the chest. It was wrinkled and dark, but I could see a crown with a cross hanging off one spike.
“And that is the bastard’s tattoo. I am sorry he is dead, but I hope it was a painful death. I would have made him hurt more,” said Sophia.
There was no reason to mention that it didn’t look like he was tortured. It would only ruin her day.
“I take it you can identify this body,” said Jon.
“He is my sister’s husband’s brother, I believe,” said Sophia. “He was suspected of assisting his cousins in kidnapping and selling many young men and women from our town. Many people will be happy he is dead but wish they could find out where their loved ones were sent.”
“There may be a lot of information on those computers,” said Jon.
Sophia looked up, seeming to notice the roomful of technology for the first time. “You must figure these things out. We must know where these people are, where they were taken.” Sophia’s voice was soft.
“The feds are here,” a voice said from the other room.
I went out into the big room, leaving Jon to get lots of questions in before the feds discovered who was who. I might be able to delay the feds a little.
Oz was welcoming the newcomers in doggy fashion by sticking his nose in their crotches.
“Jesus, would someone get this mutt out of here? Has anyone secured the scene? What the hell kind of operation is this?”
“A very successful one, in that we have captured the head of a major drug cartel operating right here in Holyoke, sort of. What have you done today?” Sadie stood defiantly in front of the table that had been set up to help with counting the money.
The federal agent sorted out the words “sort of” from the sentence and stared at her. “What do you mean ‘sort of’?”
“We found his body and his business records, I think,” she said.
A standoff was developing when Lucille walked back into the main room. The FBI agent looked up and stood a little straighter. Apparently Lucille was a myth of epic proportions inside the FBI.
“Ma’am,” he said and extended a hand to shake. His coat opened enough that Lucille could see the FBI shield on his belt. “I’m honored.”
“Indeed,” said Lucille. “When you’re done being honored, let’s see what we can discover about this situation.”
“We could use a few more people bagging and tagging over here,” said one of the forensic team standing by the table stacked with thousands of dollars. 
I didn’t volunteer. As a civilian I assumed I was exempt or possibly not trusted.
When we finally packed the boys, Lucille and Sophia and, of course, Oz, into the taxis, the forensics unit was still counting. They had been joined by some state people because the sheer volume of the cash stash was staggering. 
The mummy had been removed amid many mummy jokes. The FBI got first dibs on that and on the computers. Lucille’s presence had probably encouraged them to share with both Holyoke, Northampton and the state cops. So, more information would be filtering down. I hoped I would be included in Lucille’s loop. Everyone also wanted to keep Sophia’s knowledge of the who, what and why flowing, so the information highway had become a two-way street.
I slept in Jon’s bed, but he dragged himself in sometime during the night and I didn’t wake up. 
The next morning, I was up, showered and making coffee when he wandered out to the kitchen. 
“How long did it take and what was the final count?” I asked.
“Too long and I got no idea. It was enough to run a city the size of Holyoke for a year or so.”
“Did they clear out the computers?”
“They were figuring that out when I left. Whatever was happening, and I assume it was drug related, that set-up could run an international cartel until the apocalypse. The cleanup is going to keep all the local police forces busy for a few months and probably spread down to the Mexican border.”
“What killed the fifth cousin of the brother-in-law of the third sister of Sophia?”
“Waiting on the autopsy but they didn’t find any bullet holes before they took him away. My guess is natural causes.”
“Oz?”
“We’re trying to trace that. The FBI told me that I could do the dog napping if I wanted. I thanked them appropriately with my middle finger.”
“Oz certainly knew the place. He might know more about what’s still in there than they’re giving him credit for. He must have belonged to the Puppet Master. The vet said he’s a pure bred but there wasn’t an identity chip. The guy didn’t want to keep careful track of him or keep getting up to let a puppy in and out. That would be why he developed the nose print thing and taught Oz to use it. Someone ought to market it.”
“Yeah, Oz might be our ace-in-the-hole. I’m thinking of taking him back there later today. Where is he?”
“Next door with the boys.” 
Jon would have to talk to Lucille about using Oz and, sooner or later, immigration was going to come calling, along with child services, the FBI, the state police and the Holyoke police. Lucille would be using all her different personae and probably raiding the super closet a lot. 
I was an outside observer looking forward to lots of entertainment.
Jon went next door and came back fifteen minutes later. He had Oz on a leash and had decided to walk to the station to make sure Oz was empty before he took him down to Holyoke.
I drove the taxi to Cool Rides. Mona, Belle and Riggs were stretched out on lawn lounge chairs in front of the garage. Betsy had returned to her regular job as a cop with a little more fashion sense. Bonnie liked the idea of being involved with someone who worked for the City. It has excellent health insurance and she was a practical person. 
Belle was keeping the Judge closer but not two and a half kids close. The taxi company hadn’t had any incidents since they had unplugged the computers at the Puppet Master’s warehouse. Of course, that was just yesterday so things still might heat up. 
I parked my cab and lay down in the fourth chair.
“Hey, white girl, don’t get burned.”
“Mocha brown woman, I been burned so much I could join the Black Panthers.”
Belle opened one eye to observe an overweight guy jogging and jiggling slowly on the bike trail. 
“Hey, Sweetwater!” she yelled. “Glad to see you decided to give it a try.”
Peter Sweetwater was a regular customer of Cool Rides and he was always worried about his health. Belle had told him that exercise was the most important thing he could do. We take an interest in our clients.
I spent a blessedly quiet day taking people to doctors, dentists, shopping and classes. One airport rounded out my income. I was feeling pretty good about life when I pulled up in front of Jon’s house.
Over the next week Jon and I watched on the evening news as the local police from Northampton to Hartford Connecticut busted the small-time dealers who had been attached to the Puppet Master. The computer had yielded a long list of potential names and any of them caught with product were experiencing an overnight or longer in the city jail.
Now all the local drug gangs had to worry about was their product inching toward legalization.
Oz, it was discovered, was stolen from a local breeder of Golden Retrievers. Lucille promptly made out a check to the breeder and promised privileges when Oz recognized females as more than friends. 
A week later Jon had gained permission to go back to the Puppet Master’s warehouse. He didn’t mention that he was going to take a dog and several civilians with him. 
All the money had been counted. There was over five billion dollars. All the computers had been moved to FBI offices. They were being mined for more connections, but Jon wasn’t convinced that everything the man had done was on the computers. His technology and creativity were too impressive. So Jon, Lucille, Oz and I were headed to Holyoke in my taxi.
Oz was curled in the far back. Lucille was in the back seat and Jon was shotgun in the passenger seat. Jon had the key to the warehouse if we needed it but the doggy door hadn’t been deactivated so Oz could always let us in.
I pulled up in front of the warehouse and leashed Oz while Jon helped Lucille out of the cab. Oz was already straining to get inside. Even if we didn’t have an agenda, our faithful dog definitely had one. We bounded up the stone path and Oz shoved his nose against the dog door plate. The human door slid silently open. Oz pushed in and started dashing around the open, empty room. 
The FBI agent had left a stone, possibly from the path, bracing the door to the computer room open. We walked over and looked in. The room was empty except for the chair that had held the mummy. All the computers were gone. It was a sad commentary on how the person had lived his life. 
Jon sighed. “They said that besides running the drug empire, all that was on the computers were games. Lots of games. He must have spent all his time playing. What kind of a life is that?”
“I wonder if he ever went outside. He didn’t have to take the dog out. No one reported him missing so he didn’t have any friends or relatives that worried when he didn’t check in for a few months,” I said. “How does someone live like that? No human contact.”
Lucille joined us. “He spent a lot of creative energy setting it up precisely so he wouldn’t have to interact with anything or anyone outside his door. What a sad waste of a genius.” 
“He had to get food,” said Jon. “Maybe I’ll check around with the local delivery, see if he had any regular food brought in.”
There was one door that was closed. Jon had been told by the FBI that it led into the rest of the warehouse, but it was completely empty. Oz stood in front of it and barked. There was no nose pad.
Jon walked over to the door. 
“The front door key should open this one too,” he said and inserted the key. Oz pushed the door open and catapulted through. It was cavernous and silent on the other side. Windows ran along the top of the room but were very high up. They let in light but no one would ever enjoy a view unless they built a long staircase or had a very high ladder.
Oz ran the length of the room and screeched to a halt. He looked back over his shoulder at us. “Woof.” He started pacing back and forth at the far end with his nose to the floor. 
Suddenly he sat down and cocked his head to one side, looking like a child trying to remember whether he was allowed to have another cookie and where the cookie jar was. Suddenly he looked to the other end of the room and tore back through the door. I followed while Jon and Lucille continued to explore the far end.
Oz had run into the computer room and sat facing the chair. It was an impressive piece of furniture. The dog looked back at me expectantly. 
Why not? I thought, walked over and sat down. I turned a couple of circles. I slid back a few feet. I found some buttons on the armrest. They were labeled with a variety of massage techniques. I tried the rolling wave, then the shimmy. I ran my vibrating hand down further to push the stop button. About halfway to off, I hit something that stuck out like a switch rather than a button. 
Why not? I thought, again. I flipped it forward. Nothing happened. Maybe it worked something on the departed computers. No games today. 
I heard a yelp from the other room and Oz took off in that direction. 
“What the fuck did you do?” yelled Jon.
“I sat down,” I said indignantly. 
Oz barreled to the space where Jon and Lucille were looking into a hole in the floor.
“Holy shit,” I said as I approached cautiously. A panel had opened, blackness gaped in the floor and a staircase led down into the dark. 
Oz let out a yelp of joy, hopped down the stairs and disappeared. 
Lucille pulled a flashlight out of her oversized purse and handed it to Jon. “Well! This should be fun,” she said, and we followed Oz.
The stairs emptied into a tunnel and Jon played the flashlight over the cement walls. It was easy to stand upright, and it was wide, maybe used to transport supplies from one warehouse to another. 
After about fifty feet we came to a brick wall with a staircase leading up. Oz stood at the top of the staircase. He barked once and a plate slid back in the ceiling. A crowd of faces peered down into the stairwell as Oz zipped up and between legs attached to the faces that were staring at us. He went into his doggy greeting wiggle. 
Jon went up far enough to stick his head out of the hole.
The legs backed up and he climbed out, Lucille and me close behind. 
A group of women fell away from our entry. But Jon was surrounded. The women touched him, chattering in Spanish. He tried to back up, but the hole was behind him.
“Lucille, get up here and tell them to stop!”
“They think you’re here for their services.”
“Shit. The services involve sex?”
I followed Lucille out of the darkness and stepped in front of Jon. “He’s mine! Back off!” I snarled. 
Quiet fell over the group, giving me a few seconds to look around. We were in a large room with a kitchen on one side and a living room set up on the other. There was a long dining table and chairs between. Several doors, possibly bathrooms or for beds, led off the main room.
Finally one of the women stepped forward. She was older, close to Lucille’s age. Most of the group were early twenties or teenagers. Some looked like they might be even younger. 
The older woman faced Lucille. “Who are you and where is He?”
“We’re the police,” said Jon.
“We are the taken,” said the woman.
“Honey, call Mona, have her get someone to bring Sophia and Xavier over here, fast!” said Jon.
“Should I call the FBI?”
“No. I want to know if these people are from Sophia’s village. She talked about some women disappearing. If the FBI gets here, immigration will be on their heels and we may never get this sorted out. We can call them anytime. I want to know what was going on before I have some bureaucrat sending people to the wrong place.”
“Well done, Lieutenant,” said Lucille with a smile. She turned to the older woman and spoke in Spanish. I didn’t understand it all but I heard the names Sophia and Xavier.
“Si! Do you know where the boy is?”
“Yes,” said Jon. “They’re safe.”
I clicked off my phone. “Belle is on her way as soon as she picks them up from Lucille’s house.”
The women left Jon alone while he questioned the one who seemed to be in charge. It was an ingenious system from the Puppet Master’s view. What Jon learned, and I overheard, was that food was delivered weekly to a back hallway. The doors were synced so that the women couldn’t go out, but food could come in. It was sealed living quarters. He would come in every couple of days to satisfy his urges and threaten them with being sold into slavery if they didn’t accommodate him. Otherwise they were left alone.
“But he hasn’t been around for a very long time.”
Just long enough to die and mummify, I thought.
Jon kept asking questions about the system, Lucille helped with the language and I wandered the room. 
Oz made himself very comfortable with the women, all of whom knew him. 
Forty minutes later Belle called my cell. She was five minutes out, just getting off the interstate. I told her I would meet her at the door to the warehouse, snatched the flashlight out of Jon’s fingers and took the tunnel.
Minutes later, I led Belle, Sophia and Xavier to the staircase. Oz had run back and forth at least three times, a little frantic about his humans being spread out more than he liked. He was perched at the edge of the black hole trying to keep an eye on me and an ear on the others. 
When Belle came in with Xavier, Oz flew across the room. “Woof,” he said and ran back to the staircase into the dark. He was past ready to introduce all his people to each other. 
We dutifully descended, ascended and then chaos broke out.
“Sophia!” screamed the woman sitting with Jon and Lucille. She launched herself across the room and into Sophia’s arms.
“Guess they know each other. It does keep getting more interesting,” said Belle as she emerged from the dark.
Rapid fire Spanish flew around the room. Lucille strolled over to us with a big smile.
“Sophia’s sister. They didn’t think they would see each other again after the cabal took her.”
“Cabal? Don’t you mean cartel?” I asked.
“No, a cabal is a conspiracy. Some members of the village were secretly selling young girls and boys to the cartel. The village sent Sophia to find as many of the missing as she could. Now that the Puppet Master and the head of the cabal, whose head we found, are dead, she can take everyone home.
Jon came over. “I called the FBI agent. I’m sure he’ll be along shortly with every letter of the alphabet he can round up on short notice.”
“Should I go open the door?”
“Nah, let’s let him call us. Maybe he has an extra key, maybe not,” said Jon, smiling. “Is the black hole still open on the other side?”
“I think so,” I said.
Jon went over to Sophia who was still talking animatedly to her sister. 
Her sister nodded and walked over to the wall by the hole. She flipped a switch and the panel slid closed. 
Jon smiled, thanked her and came back to stand next to us. “Let’s see how long it takes them to beg,” he said.
It took fifteen minutes. Fourteen for them to find the still open hole in the first warehouse, thirty seconds to get to our end of the tunnel and thirty seconds of pounding before we flipped the switch. The immigration people were with them so Jon was right. They also had a DEA agent and some State and local police. It was quite a crowd.
Hours that seemed like days later we dragged ourselves back to Cool Rides and then home. The “taken” were put up in a special hotel that the FBI had an agreement with. They would be interrogated by everyone from the Feds to animal rescue who had somehow learned about Oz who had been stolen and then taken in some sort of trade by the Puppet Master.




Chapter Seventeen

Three weeks later all of the “taken,” including Xavier and the twins, had been questioned, vetted, and offered asylum. None of them had accepted. They were ready to go home. 
The Puppet Master autopsy had come back with natural causes, a heart attack, listed as cause of death.
Lucille had filed adoption requests for Tomas.
Xavier had been playing with a new laptop that Lucille had purchased for him. She cautioned him about the illegality of hacking into other people’s and government’s computers and he solemnly assured her that he would never do such a thing. 
No one knew where the money that the Puppet Master had laundered through local businesses had gone. We all believed what Scarpelli had witnessed but he didn’t know where it had gone either. Even the businesses didn’t seem to know. The cash stash in the warehouse was the tip of an iceberg made up  of the ill-gotten gains of a drug empire.
I was fussing about the problem to Lucille.
“Oh, I’m sure it will go to good use,” she said. “Best to forget about it and let the Feds see if they can find it.”
When it was finally time for Sophia to take everyone home, they hired all five cabs from Cool Rides to get to the airport. We pulled off the highway and started to the terminal.
“Oh, no,” said Lucille. She directed us to the area reserved for private planes. We drove into the private parking and gazed up at a brand-new private jet. The private assistant came out to check everyone’s passports. The private steward carried bags and helped Sophia and her sister aboard first. It was all very private. I guessed Xavier didn’t hack into any government data bases or into any living people’s bank accounts. But somewhere, in some foreign country with no banking disclosure and probably no extradition to the United States, a Puppet Master’s bank account was being emptied. Who cared? No one.
“Most of a small village is flying on that plane. All their hopes and futures,” said Lucille.
Terry and Tomas stood with Oz between them. Oz’s tail rotated slowly as they watched their friends go home.
“It takes a village,” said Belle. Cool Rides wasn’t a gang or really a village. But we were a family. We had Terry, Tomas and Oz to raise. 

The End


Read more of Honey’s adventures:
Small Town Taxi
Sky High Taxi 
Taxi Scramble
Cardboard Castles

Want your romance a little hotter, your adventure a little rougher? Check out Harriet Rogers writing as Trisha Pearl. Small Town Cop, Dirty Laundry, Raw Sugar all have strong heroines, delicious love interest, and fast plots.
Dirty Laundry
Small Town Cop
Raw Sugar 

Read on for an excerpt
from Honey Walker’s next adventure:

Cardboard Castles

by

Harriet Rogers
Chapter One

I pulled my taxi up to the house as Denise ran a paint brush down the edge of the day-glow orange front door. She straightened, yanked dark curls off her neck and pushed them up under her over-sized, floppy hat. With hands fisted on her waist, loosely trousered legs spread, she looked like Wonder Woman doing Annie Hall. Inspecting the structure, she nodded with satisfaction.
“You gotta take a tour. We just finished the build,” she yelled at me.
I stared at the entrance. Above the door, bold, red letters declared this a Westinghouse kitchen. Her home was the height of two full sized refrigerator boxes which meant we could stand upright once inside. 
For a Denise build, which frequently was more womb-like, it felt almost spacious as I stepped gingerly over the threshold. This one was a double wide, which meant that it was four boxes across. It had two “windows” in front with more gracing the side walls. I got out and followed Denise into the kitchen. A huge stump supported a two-burner hot plate. A piece of plywood extended to another stump, forming a breakfast nook. A dented metal sink rested in a hole in the plywood. The pipe from the sink dropped down into a used plaster bucket.
As we moved to the formal dining room, the wall motif changed to Sears although the table and chairs said Goodwill. The width narrowed to two boxes and I squeezed by the table. A lot of duct tape was involved in Denise builds. The traditionally gray tape now came in different colors and patterns so some of the house walls were held together with tape the color of cheese—the orange processed American kind—printed with macaroni, others created pink strips covered with dancing unicorns or flamingoes. There were a few lines of bright red where the roof was attached.
“I gotta show you the bedroom. You should see the stuff I found for the mattress, which, by the way, I rescued from the river. But don’t worry, I got it dried out real good.” She grabbed my arm and was off, running barefoot, humming to herself as she dragged me behind her.
“Unh,” I muttered.
I wanted to get Denise into my cab and uptown so she could work the streets for a few hours to pay for my services. 
Denise and I met a few years ago when she called for a ride to a motel out on the strip. Sometimes things went well in our relationship, sometimes not so much. Even considering the times things didn’t go well, in the last two years I developed a real fondness for Denise. Despite her short attention span and a wild imagination, she was basically an honest person with a good heart. I stopped trying to keep up with her rapid and strange mood changes. Occasionally I wondered what it must be like to be as afraid of walls closing in as Denise was. Many of the homeless in my town suffer from some form of mental illness. Denise had severe claustrophobia. 
My name is Honey Walker and I drive a cab for Cool Rides Cab Company in Northampton Massachusetts, a small city with a mystifying array of philosophic outlooks and socio-economic realities. Lots of the citizens use mind altering substances from cigarettes to caffeine to heroin; others frown vociferously on such practices but couldn’t start the day without a hit from Starbucks. It’s a small picturesque college-town with a very high squawk quotient. 
For a fee, my company provides transportation for anyone in any of these varied groups. I’m on the shy side of thirty which means I can live on pizza and donuts and still button my jeans. I like what I do, and I love the people, so much so that I am gradually buying into the cab company. 
Despite occasional problems, Denise is one of my favorite customers. Her case of claustrophobia can get intense, which makes it difficult for her to live inside real walls inside real houses. When she wants to replace the river with a hot shower, she might rent a motel room. But she only lasts twenty-four hours. Then she moves back to the Meadows. 
The Meadows is a relatively uninhabited section of the city, spreading across the area near the Connecticut River and the interstate and bordered on one side by the City of Northampton. It houses a small airport, a fairground, a few businesses, even fewer residences and, when the shelter in town closes for the summer, lots of homeless people. Most of it is categorized as flood plain and isn’t usable for anything commercial or residential so the homeless villages that spring up are tolerated. That would probably change if any economic profit could be found for the more or less 3,000 acres. Occasionally there is a complaint and the police sweep the area. The people fade away, wait and return.
We proceeded through the dining/living room toward the back of Denise’s house.
“Please note the fine china,” said Denise, sweeping her hand in the direction of an old electrical spool covered with another piece of plywood. Slightly stained Styrofoam take-out containers served as plates on top of painted paper bag place mats. Fast food plastic utensils and paper napkins completed each place setting. 
We got to the bedroom, which was still two boxes high but back to four boxes wide. More than one household in the city had upgraded their washer/dryer set and Denise had made off with the boxes. The mattress looked like a king size and it was evident that there was more than one body using it.
“Someone was throwing these away! Can you imagine?”
I stared at the iridescent black and purple sheets. The quilt folded on top had once been cream colored and now had suspicious rust brown stains wandering across it and tufts of stuffing sticking out where the family cat had sharpened its claws causing the bedding to be useless to anyone less prone to recycling than Denise.
“Uh,” I said again.
“Yeah, it’s a bi-i-i-i-g mattress. But Pud is pretty large so I needed the space.”
“Pud?” I responded, thinking that maybe Denise had adopted a dog.
“My sweetie. He’s a real gem.” She swept her arm around the room. “I’m planning on some paint but I gotta find a few more half-full cans.”
Everything in Denise’s life was at least half-full, frequently completely full, possibly overflowing. Empty was a foreign concept to her. My BFF and fellow taxi driver, Belle, told me that somebody named Anais Nin said, “Don’t let one cloud obliterate the whole sky.” Denise would have simplified it to, “No clouds in my sky.”
She pointed out the window. “I got enough to do the bathroom, which is gonna be over by that tree.”
I looked out a hole that had been sliced neatly from the cardboard wall. The view took in the river, an open meadow and a large maple tree. Two boxes, previously used to protect some Lazy-Boy recliners, were stacked on the far side of an oversized metal pot and an ancient blue porcelain toilet that sat under the tree. One of the boxes was painted with a rainbow consisting of more than the usual number of colors. “Shit here” was written in large yellow letters. A lot of half cans of paint had been combined to form the mud colored background.
“I’m still working on that section. My sweetie promised to dig the hole. It might be the first time we’ve actually had a bathroom. I mean with a door and all. Excellent privacy.”
A shovel leaned precariously against the rounded edge of the toilet bowl.
“I can’t decide about the toilet or the pot. The pot thing is kind of traditional, like a pot to piss in, which none of us have. But the toilet’s a lot comfier. Either way, I gotta get a hole under it. Shit flows downhill but it doesn’t empty itself. Plus, we gotta make that part of the house mobile ’cause we gotta move it pretty often. Depends on how many people use it. It’s sorta open to the general population, if you get my drift. That toilet is fuckin’ heavy.”
“Uh.” When I was around Denise, my vocabulary was severely limited. 
We worked our way back to the front of the “building” with Denise sweeping ahead, pointing out special features and me mumbling, “Uh” at appropriate times.
“I’m thinking of putting an addition on the back, maybe rent out a room. My sweetie wants a man cave or maybe it’ll be my she shack. So I’m looking for another mattress. One should float down the river soon enough. Water’s been pretty high,” she mumbled, mostly to herself, as we headed back to the front of the house.
We gathered her working tools for the day—a backpack, a series of handwritten signs requesting money for a variety of problems, a change of clothing in case she got into a territorial dispute with another panhandler that got messy, and a large coffee can for contributions to whatever ailment she was collecting for today. 
We stepped out the door and headed down the path to the taxi. 
I flinched and turned as a deep-throated roar came from the near-by woods and a huge, possibly human, male, mostly naked except for some cutoff jeans that were just long enough, stepped into the clearing. He was hairy from his long, full beard to his shoeless feet. His bare chest was fuzzy with tight black curls.
“What the fuck, Denise? You were supposed to call me.”
“Oh, yeah, I need to head uptown to recharge my phone at the library.”
“Oh.” The gorilla in a human costume hung his head. “I didn’t know you had a visitor.” He looked like an endangered great ape and acted like a hobbit. His voice sounded the way I imagined a male grizzly bear would if it had a human voice—deep and growly.
“Come on over, Pud. Meet my chauffeur, Honey.” Denise winked at me. “I just love a full beard; it feels so good on the inside of my legs.”
I thought about too much information as Northampton’s version of the wooly mammoth ambled over and stuck out one massive paw.
“My name’s Pud. What’s yours?” he rumbled. I reassessed him to Where the Wild Things Are meets Winnie the Pooh.
“This is Honey, sweetie,” said Denise.
“Wow, what a great name,” he said as my hand disappeared in his, up past my wrist. But the grip was gentle, as if he might have practiced not crushing the hands of new acquaintances. I wondered if Pud’s size added to Denise’s feeling of being closed in or if he was a safety valve.
Denise deals with her claustrophobia by building houses. Cardboard houses. They can be amazing creations but when the walls close in around her, she simply flattens them, recycles them and builds another structure out of new boxes. The average life span of a Denise structure is one or two months. Some of them only last a few days or, when Denise is feeling especially judgmental, a few hours. One particularly spectacular castle stayed up all summer long. But Denise didn’t live in it. She gave it to a young artist and built herself something “more becoming of my philosophy of minimalism” she said. I’m waiting for her to be discovered by HGTV and start her own home show, The Recycled Residence.
“When I get back from uptown, we need to put the roof and siding on.” Denise pointed to a pile of blue tarps and clear shower curtains. Her homes didn’t melt in the rain. If one of her houses came down, it was her own doing. I had seen her play wrecking ball once. It wasn’t pretty.
I popped the hatch to load up Denise’s gear when I heard a loud bang. 
Pud’s head swiveled in the direction of the sound. “Shit, that was a gunshot!” His voice rose slightly.
I slammed the hatch, scrambled to the driver’s seat, ramming the key into the ignition. I heard another crack and my side mirror shattered. Denise was in the back seat. 
Pud jumped in front. “Drive, drive, drive!” he bellowed. 
I didn’t know what the shooter’s immediate agenda was, but mine was self-preservation. In the fight or flight question, I always chose flight.
I slammed out of park, hit drive, and spit gravel. A figure charged out of the woods right in front of my taxi. He wore unlaced, oversized boots, with a full-length coat, that flapped like a demented bat. There was nothing under it. More importantly, his pasty body was between my taxi and escape. I slammed the brakes and stopped inches from his bare legs. 
Another shot rang out and the figure staggered, throwing itself across the hood of my cab. His hand grabbed for the wrecked side-view mirror and got wedged in tight. 
Pud reached out his open window and grabbed the guy’s foot hanging off the other side.
“Go, I got him! Go, go,” Pud screamed again.
I floored it and left a shower of gravel and mud on Denise’s front lawn. White knuckled on the steering wheel, I chanted something like “shit, shit, shit,” under my breath.
“You asshole, Gork,” Denise screeched at the figure flopped across my hood. 
We were bouncing over the rutted dirt, but he was heavy and stuck to the mirror and Pud’s hand. I swerved around a tight bend in the dirt road, sending up a plume of sand and dust. 
“Who the hell is Gork?” I yelled. I felt like a hunter returning from the North Woods with his trophy ten-point buck strapped across the hood. This ten-point buck looked dead. His bald and tattooed head had bounced to face me, the eyes unfocused and blank. A trickle of blood dripped out of his mouth onto the hood of my car. His coat was now slapping the hood like hurricane-driven sail, leaving the rest of him to flop loosely in front of us. His bare bottom was round and tattooed with a snake that wiggled and writhed with the jiggling butt. I noticed all this in micro-seconds.
Punching my phone where it sat in its handy dash holder, I pushed number one for my favorite cop, Lieutenant Jon Stevens.
“Honey, everything okay?” He sounded distracted. Even under the circumstances my heart gave a little flutter. Jon was a very close friend.
“No,” I yelled at the phone. I wasn’t exactly screaming but I was definitely speaking in ALL CAPS. “I have a body riding on my hood, and I think he’s dead. Like being shot dead, in the Meadows near Denise’s house. I have her in the taxi. I’m coming up to the Sheldon Fields entrance to the Meadows.”
“Shit! I’ll meet you there with an ambulance. Get to the parking lot.” I heard a commotion in the background and Jon disconnected.
The City had put a parking lot near the bus stop where people busing across the Connecticut River could leave cars. At the moment, it contained few cars and no people. I barreled in three minutes and twenty seconds after I called Jon. I was counting second by second in a futile attempt to calm my brain. 
A patrol car, followed by an ambulance, followed by the crime scene van, screeched around the corner at the other end. 
Jon was out almost before the cruiser stopped and dashed over to my cab. Yanking the driver’s door open, he leaned over, flipped the seat belt off, pulled me out, and held on to me for a full ten seconds. Holding me at arm’s length, he scanned me, searching for bullet holes, I guess. He drew me back against his chest until I started to squirm.
“Are you okay?” He looked at the body on the hood, which the EMTs were already swarming over, and the bullet riddled side mirror. I could see the crime statistics about taxi drivers running through his brain. It isn’t an especially safe job. Maybe not as dangerous as being a cop, but he carried a gun. I didn’t. And handcuffs, and extra ammo, and a badge. The list of what Jon had that I didn’t was long and usually made me think about what he did, or could do, with all that gear. 
Right now, I was thinking about my over-active adrenal gland and how it was fading fast. “I’m fine. Way better than Gork,” I answered. “Excuse me.” 
I stumbled to the edge of the parking lot. Jon followed me and held my head while I fought down the desire of my stomach to come up through my nose. When I was upright again, he held me until I stopped shaking and started breathing more normally.
“Gork? What the fuck is gork?” he asked.
“My brother.” Denise got out of the car and pointed to the body slung across the hood. “Lester Figorkski.”
“Uh, I’m sorry for your loss,” said Jon, turning toward Denise and Pud.
“I’m not. He was an asshole, probably a murderer and a general pain to have around. Glad to see someone finally put us out of our misery by getting rid of him.”
“Ouch,” I said, glad I was an only child.
“Ashfield Lake? That guy?” asked Jon.
A few years ago, Denise had told me that her brother murdered someone and dumped the body in Ashfield Lake. She was outraged because he had used her best blanket to wrap the victim, decimated her bungee cord supply to secure it and weighted him with colorfully painted stones that had lined her garden. It all got dumped in the water, never to be seen again. I passed along the information to the police and they dragged the lake with no results. The cops had not looked favorably on Denise since.
“Hey, I got a pulse, sort of.” One of the EMTs was leaning over the body on the hood. He detached the hand from being a wedgie with the mirror, and Gork slithered toward the ground. The EMTs caught him before he hit and heaved him onto the stretcher, wheeled him away, slammed doors and went full scream out of the parking lot.
“Ah, shit, tell me he’s dead. That’s how I want to remember him,” grumbled Denise. 
I looked over at her and noticed a tightness around her eyes. Maybe she wasn’t as casual about his death as she wanted to be. She may not have liked him but he must have been a fixture for her entire life.
We watched the ambulance fly up the road, scattering cars in its wake. The hospital wasn’t far away—nothing in Northampton was far from anything else, so local drivers were used to this.
“Not hardly worth all the fuss,” said Denise. “Maybe he’ll be DOA when the EMTs get him to the ER. I just love alphabet soup.”
“We need to talk,” said Jon, turning to Denise. “I can interview you right here if it helps.” Jon was aware of Denise’s problems with the great indoors. The police station would make rational thought impossible for her.
Denise looked over at Pud. He put an arm around her. “I think we need to talk to the Lieutenant about what’s been happening in the Meadows.”
Pud turned to Jon and put out his hand. “William Pudlington,” he said.
“I know who you are.” Jon shook his hand, but his body language made it clear that he had the back story on Pud. Something I might want to find out later.
“Aye, and I know who you are as well.” 
The alpha males looked each other up and down. They both acknowledged that Jon was in charge but Pud had information that Jon wanted. An understanding passed between them.
“Tell me what happened.” Jon turned to me.
“I went down to pick up Denise, toured her new building, met Pud, started loading the panhandling gear into the cab. That’s when we heard the first shot.”
Pud took up the narrative. “I knew what it was. We’ve been having trouble with random pot shots being taken at the homeless villages. Denise was in the back seat, Honey got in the driver’s side, I got into shotgun.”
“That’s when shit face Gork arrived,” said Denise.
“The mirror on the cab was shot out first. Then Gork flew out of the trees and dove for the cab. I think he wanted inside but the shooter nailed him just as he launched. He ended up on the hood. That’s where he died, maybe. I grabbed his foot and his hand was jammed in the remains of the mirror. Then Honey took off,” continued Pud.
“Jesus!” Jon ran a hand down his face and looked over at me. “You see more action than I do.”
“In the trenches, it’s where taxi drivers live.” said Denise.
Jon and I met when he slammed a jail cell door with a soul crushing klunk. I was inside. We’ve resolved some of our differences in the years since. Who is in charge of my life remains one of the less settled ones. Jon is an in-control kind of guy. My philosophy of life, and my life itself, skirts the edges of control.
“Okay, I sent the Crime Scene van down to your new place. Hopefully they’ll find the other bullets, maybe evidence about where the shooter was.” He turned to Pud. “I need to talk to you about those random shots.”
“I gotta go to the library,” said Denise, fidgeting with her flowered shirt. She got nervous when her cell phone was dead. Probably a lot more than when her brother was.
“Hey, maybe while your crime scene guys are down there, they could help with my new latrine project. I need a really deep hole.” She looked at Jon’s scowl. “Huh, maybe not.”
“I need to face Willie. He’s gonna be really pissed about the mirror,” I said, although I knew he would have a replacement within a few hours. Willie is primary owner of Cool Rides Cab Company and likes cars better than people. Damage to a vehicle is taken as a personal affront and fixed immediately. I’m a partial, very partial, owner of the taxi company, trying to build onto my ownership. I take the damage in the daily life of a taxi slightly less personally.
“He already knows shots were fired. I called him from the cruiser in case the taxis were the target and he needed to be on alert,” said Jon. “That’ll look mild compared to what he’s expecting.”
The taxi company had been targeted before and bullets had torn through tires, some windows and a few pieces of clothing which were on drivers at the time.
“I guess I need to come talk to you.” Pud looked down at his bare feet and the rest of his unclothed body. “Maybe we could go back and get me some shoes and shit. We left in kind of a hurry.”
Jon looked at Pud’s fashion statement, which was mostly bare skin covered only by lots of frizzy black hair.
“Yeah, that would be a good idea. If Honey can take Denise to the library, I’ll take you back to the camp. We can talk in the car.”
Jon knew he would get more information from Pud in the car than anywhere else. The confines of a car are a natural conversation starter. That’s why taxi drivers know so much about so many. What I didn’t know was Pud’s background. Maybe if I spent the night at Jon’s house and brought along my not-there thong and slut shoes I could find out more about his conversation with Pud. Curiosity might kill cats, but it brought me some miracle moments with Jon, especially if we swapped information and other things. 
In the meantime, I had Denise to myself for the short ride to the library.
My need for information was more than just curiosity or a desire to gossip. It behooves a taxi driver to know what and where things are happening, especially if the things involve loud bangs and flying projectiles. The level of violence in any part of the area we cover determines who, if anyone, gets sent to pick-ups in certain places, which car they take and how well armed they need to be. I occasionally went into the scarier neighborhoods, but I never went alone and I never carried a gun. I’m a klutz and too likely to shoot my foot and miss the bad guy. I wanted to know what was going on in Denise’s neighborhood and whether Cool Rides should give those pick-ups to someone who could defend themselves.





About the Author:

When Harriet Rogers was fourteen, she picked tobacco and didn’t learn to smoke for three years. When she was seventeen, she picked oranges in Israel and had Ben-Gurion’s revenge for a month. When she was nineteen, she worked the night shift at the Oxford pickle factory and couldn’t have relish on her hot dogs for five years. She spent ten years getting through three years of college and, while she still doesn’t have any letters after her name, she can say “shit” in five languages.
She has some 2nd and 3rd place ribbons from horseback riding...and a bad back, knee and elbow from the same.
When she was driving a taxi, she started a ten-book series about a taxi driver. Taxi Scramble is the third book in this series.
Her mission is to make people laugh. Laughter is the soul of the human machine. 


