Social Medium
Alice Moore Paranormal Cozy Mysteries #1
Patti Larsen
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2019 by Patti Larsen

Find out more about me at
http://www.pattilarsen.com

***
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the vendor and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
***
Cover art (copyright) by Christina White. All rights reserved.
http://castlekeepcreations.com/
Thanks, as always, Kirstin!

***
Chapter One

New car smell mixed with full-blast air conditioning. Hello, headache. I loved Denver Hatch and his need for a fresh start, including the brand spanking van we drove in toward the job we’d been hired for, don’t get me wrong. Loved him so much, more than I ever expected to love anyone. In fact, if you’d asked me about my love life eighteen months ago, shortly before I made that fateful journey to Reading, Vermont and my investigation of the haunting of Manuel Cortez, I wouldn’t have been able to predict the outcome of meeting the grandson of the woman who let me go to prison to save her own skin.
I’m a medium, not a fortune teller. That means I commune with dead people, but seeing the future? Not my forté. Not bitter, either, I swear. I’d come to terms with what Sadie Hatch did to me five years ago, setting me up to take the fall for her blackmail scheme the way she did. I’d had time, my six months behind bars at the tender age of eighteen, to come to terms with my innocence, and subsequent loss of said naiveté. There’d been a time I’d held a grudge, but that time was long gone.
The fact she was dead helped. Did it make me a bad person I wasn’t sorry she’d passed on without a hint of her echo lingering to make my life even more miserable than she’d originally managed? Sometimes I wondered. Then again, other times? This life—and the afterlife—had a funny way of leveling out the scales of justice. I’d seen it happen often enough to know judging myself for what I was thinking at any given minute was a waste of energy better used in healthier and more important endeavors.
Besides, the woman I’d originally known as Marigold Hopp, the trusted mentor who’d taken me on when the world left me at the side of the road with all of my belongings in a black garbage bag after I aged out of foster care, taught me a great deal about trust and faith in humanity.
No, not in a good way. One would think a child left to the system for the majority of her life would have lost her ability to believe in the goodness of others long ago. Somehow, I’d managed to maintain mine, thanks to a short list of kind people who cared for me along the way, even if they couldn’t keep me in the end. Such mostly positive experiences prepared me to see others in a kindly light, to expect the best of them despite my weirdness and the fact that eventually what I could do came between me and ultimate happiness. Until I met the woman who was my downfall, I’d never been accepted for the talent or gift or whatever you might choose to label my connection to the dead, but I’d also not been purposely hurt because of it. She’d seemed to embraced my ability. Only to betray me, ultimately, finally doing what no one else in my life had been able to by popping the bubble of winsome protection that had always clung to me, handing me a lesson in faith I’d never forget.
Or, frankly, forgive, delivered as it was by the woman I’d thought of as the first real family I’d had since my parents died on my sixth birthday.
It all came crashing down around me, the thin membrane of that safe space gone in a blink of an eye the night I did Sadie’s dirty work, guileless and meek, taking possession of the blackmail money she’d demanded from a client. The police in the small town outside Des Moines, Iowa, didn’t care I had no idea what was going on, arresting me for something I didn’t do.
Technically, I had, though. Guilty by association and by deed, all unwitting. The judge assured me my lack of knowledge meant nothing to him, ignorance no defense when it came to breaking the law. Six months later, fresh from prison, another black garbage bag holding the sum of my possessions, perched precariously on yet another curb at the side of the road and I was certain I would never learn to trust ever again.
“You’re sure you love the new logo?” Denver glanced my way from behind the wheel, earnest expression softening the memories to the point they faded, drifting off. It wasn’t often these days I allowed myself the poke and prod at the old hurts that used to keep me awake at night. He was a big part of my new outlook and my willingness to at least give happiness a go, despite myself. “I’m still reconsidering the name.”
He’d suggested Moorehatch Paranormal Team, but Hatchmoore made sense to me. “Alphabetical,” I’d argued. “You’re the investigator,” he’d grumbled. “We’re a team,” I’d reminded him.
Personally, I didn’t care what we called ourselves. I used to be alone, worked solo. Now, all of a sudden, I had a partner, in life and in my rather unique career. As far as I was concerned, I’d won.
Never would I ever have imagined such a fate for weird and creepy little Alice Georgina Moore who felt most at home with the dead.
“We can change it if you want,” I said, rubbing at my arms. The sun beating in the windows heated my upper half uncomfortably while the loud rush of cooled air chilled the rest of me. I refused to complain about the no-win situation, though. Nor was I blaming Denver for the two day van ride or the overwhelming scent of fresh plastic and carpeting nor the unseasonably inflated Florida heat battling our brand new vehicle’s attempts to keep us from melting into puddles of sweaty goo. It was only March, too, here in the beautiful sunshine state. I’d hoped for relief from the chill of the Green Mountains up north. Thought perhaps a balmy jaunt to the coast near Jacksonville might even be pleasant.
Denver adjusted the air conditioning just enough I stopped shivering on the bottom and started sweating on the top. “Work in progress,” he said, grinning. I loved his smile, could look at it all day, got lost in it, forgot my headache, even. Another unexpected quirk of loving him. Everything about him registered on the adorable scale, from his short, dark hair to his huge, dark brown eyes that swallowed my ability to think straight when I looked into them. Maybe others might criticize his tall, lean frame and angular features as not atypically handsome but, to me, Denver was the most gorgeous creature in the world.
No wonder I’d been hanging around Reading for so long, neglecting my blog, my advertisers, my readers. It had been so easy to fall into a state of bliss I’d almost forgotten making money was kind of important. Especially when one had a criminal record and job prospects weren’t forthcoming. Of course I knew I could find work in Reading. With Mayor Olivia Walker’s propensity for tourism the town was booming and employees seemed to have their pick of jobs. It was a waste, however, to shelve my particular skills in favor of selling coffee at Sammy’s or working the counter at French’s Handmade Bakery.
The sale of Denver’s remarkable holographic tech had fallen through at the last minute, though part of me was relieved by that fact. He was far too brilliant to simply sell off what he created. Not that he listened to me about how awesome he was. In fact, he’d shelved his invention almost immediately after the company had a change of heart.
“Reminds me too much of Grandma,” he’d said. “And what she was.”
Fair enough, I suppose. It became apparent, though, with my advertising money drying up and his inheritance, as tiny as it had been despite Sadie’s years of ripping off the grief-stricken and bereft, I needed to do something to generate income. We both did.
I’d wanted him to go back to school, finish his time at MIT. So promising, and I’d made Boston my home since serving my time, how coincidental was that? We’d been living in the same city and never met. It had taken Sadie’s murder to bring us together.
Instead, he’d offered up a proposition. His idea, the van, my rebranding, the state-to-state travel. I’d always kept my ventures small and intimate, relying on word of mouth, other mediums and debunkers supplying suggestions and connections for my investigations, choosing to stay close to my old base of operations. I didn’t miss the city, to be fair, despite its colonial charms. Too many spirits wandering the streets without absolution or redemption available, easy enough for me to find work and maintain my small but comfortable lifestyle but distinctly disconcerting if I wasn’t careful.
Having the dead as one’s constant companions wasn’t always ideal. Especially when they liked to come visit at night. While I was sleeping. Trying to sleep. Not so easy a thing to do when someone who shouldn’t be lingering decided they wanted your attention so they could explain in full, often with aggressive angst, just why it was life and death had been so unfair to them.
I’d never quite gotten used to it.
Denver had bigger ideas, as evidenced by our trip to Florida. “It’ll be great,” he’d said when he pitched the idea to me five days ago. “We’ll make lots of money.” He’d beamed that sweet smile of his, liquid eyes wide and alluring. “Trust me.”
I loved him, and since it honestly didn’t matter to me, I said yes.
Remember I said I loved him? Good thing. Boy went a bit overboard. As boys are want to do, at times. Like the myriad of equipment stocking the back of the van with the giant HATCHMOORE logo, basically an H and an M woven together, on the side that still made my cheeks pink when I let myself look at it. Denver’s need to turn me into some celebrity medium still made me cringe but I suppose I’d get used to it eventually.
His excitement over the many tools he’d acquired, altered and tweaked, from electromagnetic field readers to temperature sensors to infra-red cameras and more felt like posturing, framing for a show he felt we needed to put on.
For all intents and purposes, as had always been the case, I didn’t need any of the items strapped firmly into specialty cases and stored neatly in the back. They were his toys to play with. All I required was five minutes alone in the space in question and I’d know the truth.
“Boring,” Denver had said, his gamer and geek fanboy past showing. “Your fans want entertainment.”
There was little about what I did that entertained me. Even though I knew he was right. That was the only reason I’d said yes to this trip, this job in particular, once I’d found out who was asking for our assistance. If anyone knew paranormal entertainment, it was our host. The offered paycheck wasn’t something to sneeze at, either. $10,000 for a one-night vigil? The half up front had paid for our trip south, not to mention some of my overdue bills and Denver’s upgrades on the new equipment we didn’t need.
So why had I hesitated at last, almost dug in my heels and said no despite my adoration for the sweet guy in the driver’s seat? If I really didn’t care all that much, why did I balk at a sure thing that would give us a great story to post and tie us to a popular web series that could give us even better exposure?
If only I didn’t have to spend the next twenty-four hours with the last person in the world I’d have chosen to work with, my trepidation would be non-existent.
As though thinking of Roman Ellis were prophetic, Denver’s GPS chose that moment to instruct him, in her flat, British accent, we’d arrived at our destination. Fate, it seemed, had led me to the last place I really should have been, whether I liked it or not.

***

Chapter Two

I’d thought our van was ostentatious. Denver chose black, naturally, the logo in silver covering most of the back on both sides. I was sure every soul in Reading snickered behind their hands at the glaring obviousness of its cry for attention.
The Roman Media van, giant logo looming next to the Spirit Heroes show title, was parked conspicuously at the end of the long, oak tree shadowed lane in front of the bright white plantation house. Not that parking a media van there was the conspicuous part, however. Let’s just say Roman Ellis could have only bought it for one purpose—not to tote his own equipment, but to carry his ego around in. I was surprised he didn’t have a bus. Or a tractor trailer. For all I knew, those were on the way.
Yes, all right, I was over it. I promise. Mostly.
Denver took note of my reticence, his thick eyebrows arching, that perpetual smile he’d been wearing for the last few days fading at last. “I know I pushed you into this,” he said, hand reaching out to take mine. The moment he touched me, all was forgiven. Not to be a sob story in the making, but I’d been touched so rarely in my life, especially with the kind of love and attention—devotion, if I was going to be accurate—that Denver always seemed able to muster at any given moment. His touch was even able to silence the voices of the dead, I’d noticed, something I’d never been able to manage on my own, not completely.
I squeezed back and forced a smile, more authentic than not by the time his thumb slid across the back of my hand, raising goosebumps on my forearm from the contact. “I may not have told you everything about my history working with Roman,” I said. Now I felt guilty I’d stayed quiet, even though I’d done so for Denver’s benefit. I sighed into the chilly air conditioning, the engine idling while my boyfriend sat there and waited with that infinite seeming patience of his, dark eyes worried. “It’ll be fine. I’m a professional. I just don’t like all the showmanship.”
Denver sighed himself, staring out the windshield at the big, white manor house, forehead creased in a frown, though the touch of his fingers that held mine remained light and comforting. “We talked about this.” He shrugged. “But I guess I was so excited I didn’t do much listening.”
The last thing I wanted was for Denver to feel badly about getting us work, especially a job that paid our bills so efficiently. I leaned across the center console and kissed his cheek with firm pressure, the faint stubble of his day-old beard rough on my skin.
“It’s twenty-four hours,” I said. “What could possibly go wrong?”
Denver laughed, turned to face me. “I love you, Alice Moore.”
My heart didn’t melt or anything. Not even a little bit.
“I love you, too.” So much. He had no idea because I didn’t have the words.
Denver turned off the engine and climbed out of the van, rush of heated Florida air washing over me, slamming it shut behind him. The sudden shift in temperature made sweat stand out in beads on my upper lip. My boyfriend circled the front of the vehicle and opened my door for me while I waited. Not because I was a princess or anything, to the contrary. Where he’d come across his old-fashioned ideals I wasn’t sure, but the few times I’d tried to exit a car on my own, he’d sweetly asked me to wait for him to take care of the deed for me.
Who was I to argue with such gentlemanly behavior?
Activity near the front door of the plantation house caught my attention and spiraled my thoughts back into the case. I hadn’t been all that surprised, to be honest, when Denver told me Roman had reached out for my assistance in the supposed haunting of Princely House. As I stepped out of the van, Denver holding my hand to steady me despite the fact I didn’t really need the help, I kept myself under tight control, knowing at any moment I’d be face-to-face with someone I neither liked nor respected.
Sure, I’d worked with Roman before. If I could call it that. Considering the fact his arrogant awesomeness loved the spotlight so much he relegated those around him to mere servants by sheer force of will and volume of speech, working with him wasn’t really an accurate term. He had zero qualms about using others and their talents to his own benefit. The first time I’d intersected with one of his cases I’d done my best to be polite and offer assistance. When he’d literally stolen my clients out from under me with his bravado and promises he could only keep by offering my conclusions as his own, I’d quickly sorted him to the realm of never again.
Except, of course, we’d bumped into each other several times over the years and, despite my attempts to the contrary, he’d always managed to wriggle his snake-like way to the top. Perhaps I should have learned a measure of ruthlessness, or perhaps chosen to abandon any attempt to work around him. Certainly, I’d observed his narcissistic and often abusive behavior with the amount of detachment I needed to keep from making him a ghost himself. Wasn’t worth the haunting that would ensue, trust me. Roman Ellis was a big enough pain in the rear alive. Dead and self-assured he’d been wronged? His lingering spirit would be the end of me.
A good enough reason not to murder him, under the circumstances. I just hoped the next day of exposure didn’t change my mind.
One thing was true, however. As I crossed the crunching gray gravel that leveled the driveway, heading directly for my doom, I had to admit being asked to take part in this investigation gave me a great place to springboard my career renewal. Like it or not, despite the fact he was my age of twenty-four, Roman was a web phenom, owned his own production company, produced his own series and had the kind of popularity that guaranteed I’d get more work down the road just from associating with him. Though, I did wonder as my sneakers squeaked faintly on the wooden steps leading up to the wide front door, the shade of the pillars outside the entry welcome if doing little to cut the damp humidity that made my clothing cling to me in uncomfortable ways, if the work such an association would be the kind I’d want in the end.
Only one way to find out.
The man himself emerged through the open front door, striding out to greet me. Teeth that had seen a perfect sheath of veneers flashed behind his tanned smile, wide, green eyes fixed on me. He’d had his dark brown hair highlighted at some point in the last week or so, the streaks fresh enough there weren’t roots, though they were clearly meant to look natural. There was nothing natural about Roman Ellis, however, from his booming and irritating voice to the designer golf shirt that strained across his broad chest to the ridiculously handsome Hollywood exterior he clearly cultivated beyond all else.
“Alice!” I was standing right in front of him as I made it to the top step and came to a halt beside him. He didn’t need to shout. One big hand grasped mine, his other holding my wrist while he pumped my arm up and down in what was meant, I could only guess, to be a friendly and enthusiastic greeting but left my muscles aching. I detached from his grasp as quickly as I could, rubbing at the spot where he’d held me.
“Roman.” I hated that my voice sounded small and almost squeaky compared to his. That was part of his act, I knew, a slice of his well-practiced routine that succeeded, at least with me, in establishing pecking order with a single word and act.
“Welcome, welcome.” He beamed at Denver who joined us, my boyfriend shaking his hand, too, though Roman quickly abandoned his greeting when his calculations—yes, I knew him that well—established Denver wasn’t worthy of too much attention.
Why had I said yes again? Right. I loved my boyfriend.
“You’re more beautiful than ever.” Roman winked at me, leered, actually, leaning in as he touched my cheek with soft fingers, tucking a stray bit of hair behind my ear. Obviously he’d been drinking or maybe he was just trying to butter me up because after the ride in the van in the Florida heat? I was sure I wasn’t any kind of runway model.
“Thanks,” I said, noting the flush in Denver’s cheeks, the sudden tightness in his jaw. Wait, was he jealous? He’d better not be. Not for an instant. Especially over Roman Ellis. If I had to follow that line of thought any further, the path that led to me imagining me with the pompous ass taking Denver’s place, I was seriously going to lose my breakfast.
There was no time to reassure my boyfriend, however, when a second man stormed out of the dim interior, practically assaulting Roman as he grasped his shoulder in one hand and spun the investigator around. I gaped in surprise, I’m not ashamed to say. I’d never seen anyone treat Roman that way before and almost applauded. Except, of course, the tall, blond man with the grim expression, his white button-up open at the throat in the heat, glanced my way with enough contempt and unhappiness I knew we weren’t going to be fast friends after all.
“I told you we didn’t need anyone else here,” he said, ignoring me and Denver while he poked Roman in the chest with one index finger.
Rather than losing his crap, the normally arrogant web host held up both hands, false smile reassuring perhaps for someone who didn’t know him as well as I did. There was enough animosity in that attempt to placate I almost eye rolled at the testosterone surge wafting toward me from the pair of them.
“Larry, be nice. We have guests.” Roman turned and grinned at me. “Larry Princely, this is Alice Moore. She’s the medium I told you about.” He winked then, like this was a grand conspiracy and I was in on the heist except, of course, I had no idea what he was really up to and didn’t want to know, if I was going to be honest. “Alice, my dear friend, Larry, owner of the newly renovated and,” his tone dropping into that deep and almost threatening tone he used when he voiced over his show, “tragically haunted Princely House.”
Larry didn’t seem impressed. Well, the feeling was mutual. As I studied his lack of enthusiasm, however, I had a twinge of something that felt like memory. He seemed familiar for some reason, though I was sure we’d never met.
Not that it mattered. 
“You were supposed to take care of this,” Larry growled, his anger clear. “I’m losing money every day the place is closed, Roman. I just opened two months ago. I can’t afford to send guests away.”
Well, his anger seemed fairly generated, then. Maybe he wasn’t aiming his dislike at me for any reason, only using my presence as an outlet. I’d been the brunt of such attention before, and I sympathized even if it was uncalled for. I’d give Larry the benefit of the doubt, for the moment.
As for Roman, he slung one arm around the taller man’s shoulders, their ages clearly matched. “We’ve been friends since college, old mate,” Roman said in far too jovial a tone for my liking. I resisted looking around, wondering if there was a camera recording this interaction. That would be like Roman, after all, to create conflict for the show. But no, more than likely it was simply that he’d fallen so far down the gaping chasm of his on screen persona he never managed to emerge any more, living there in the not-so-private hell of his ego’s creation.
He could keep it.
Larry’s gaze flickered to me. I met his eyes with my own pretend confidence firmly wrapped around me despite the fact I would have rathered been anywhere but there at that moment. I wasn’t about to allow him to bully me, and yet was acutely aware of the fact if he tried hard enough, I’d cave. Conflict of any kind usually sent me scurrying, and yes, I use that term honestly. I’d done my best over the years to stand my ground, with varying degrees of success and, more often than not, failure. It was hard to embrace my cowardly nature, but I’d learned long ago I couldn’t change how others felt and nor would I win in most instances if I decided to try. Easier to retreat, as frustrating as that was.
Of course, having Denver behind me helped a great deal. Knowing he was counting on this endeavor, I promised myself I’d do my best to pretend to be brave if nothing else. Surprisingly, it seemed to work. I watched understanding cross Larry’s gaze, his body relaxing somewhat as he took in my façade of calm competence, even surprised to see a flicker of something that might have been respect when he pulled away from Roman’s fake embrace of kinship.
“Fine,” Larry said, though he didn’t shake my hand. “I take it Roman’s filled you in on the case?”
I would have preferred to have this conversation inside, out of the heat, and resisted wiping at the sweat on my forehead, refusing that sign of weakness. “I have the file he sent me,” I said. “But perhaps you’d like to share what you know yourself?”
Larry shrugged, looked around the property, the shading (kind of) trees that darkened the long driveway, the lush, green grass and flowering bushes that had obviously just been added to the landscape, to the dark forest surrounding the big house. “I didn’t even know about this place until my great-uncle died,” he said, tone more normal though far from friendly. “I’ve poured hundreds of thousands into the restoration, turned Princely House into a tourist attraction and boutique hotel. My earning projections were excellent, bookings stacking up.” He was a man of dollars and cents, focused on profit, it seemed, caring little for the actual environs. Duly noted. “Except, of course, for the damned ghost. She’s ruining my bottom line. If I don’t get this dealt with, I’ll be closing my doors less than two months after I opened.” His frustration came through loud and clear.
“Juliet,” Roman said, serious suddenly, nodding with empathy as thick as honey and just as cloying.
Larry grunted, shrugged. “This can’t be happening,” he said. “But I guess it has to be.” His whole demeanor rejected the truth of the matter, regardless of his words. “Juliet Princely.” He snarled something under his breath before meeting my eyes again. “The stupid sixteen-year-old girl who died after falling down the main stairs at her own coming out party and is determined to ruin my life, too.”

***

Chapter Three

Larry obviously didn’t care the young woman in question was related to him, if distantly, nor that the poor thing had lost her life far too young. Said a lot about his character, if you asked me. Actually, so did his apparent long association with the likes of Roman Ellis. Not hard to walk the road of judgment and disdain, was it?
So much for giving him the benefit of the doubt.
I had a million questions, of course, though the most pertinent need on my list was a walk-through of the premises, alone and unfettered by the distractions of living beings. Such a tour would, I knew from past experience, give me all the information I needed to ascertain if, in fact, Juliet was haunting Princely House. If history and experience served me, however, it was more likely, for some undisclosed reason that Larry was hiding behind his temper, he’d decided having his new business known for the death of his tragic ancestress was just a part of the show.
That possibility wasn’t lost on me. I’d encountered many fake hauntings over the years, my debunking record far, far higher than any actual interactions with spirits, typically when I’d been hired to uncover the reason for their lingering and disquieting presence tormenting the living. I’d come across far more lonely and unhappy ghosts who only someone with my particular skill set would even know remained behind, their tortured echoes barely strong enough to make themselves visible to my special sight. An actual haunting was beyond most of them, at least in the way most people assumed ghosts presented themselves. Thank you for that, Hollywood and, by association, Roman himself. Authentic paranormal lurkers necessitating any kind of intervention to supply the living with a modicum of peace were actually few and far between and I’d gladly done what anyone with my skillset would do in those instances. Sending echoes on to rest was a simple enough procedure. Proving to those who wanted to believe there was nothing to be afraid of, let alone a spirit lurking to ruin their sleep? Almost impossible.
People were so funny sometimes.
“The team is setting up inside.” Roman gestured imperiously at Denver, not even meeting my boyfriend’s eyes, his show of friendliness already forgotten in the face of any and all opportunities for Roman himself to be in the spotlight. “They could use your tech’s help.”
Ah, so that was it. Roman thought Denver was my employee. Well, I’d correct that mistake in perception soon enough. I turned to introduce my boyfriend, only to find he’d already spun on his heel and headed back for the van, shoulders tight and slumped. I wanted to go after him, assure him Roman was simply being Roman and I in no way thought of my darling as anything but my partner. Except that the webhost himself linked his arm through mine and spun, pulling me physically along with him, heading for the interior of the house by sheer force of will.
“While your boy does his job,” Roman said, voice low and tense, Larry trailing behind us and out of earshot, “you’re free to wander around and do your thing.” He winked at me again, though his good humor and the thin layer of his joviality had vanished into thin air. “While the rest of us do the real work.”
I detached myself from his grasp, the cooler interior of the house coming into focus now that my eyes were adjusting from the brilliant sunshine. Even standing in the shade hadn’t cut through the hearty illumination of the day, so it took me a moment to take in my surroundings. I eyed the wide steps of polished wood, the thick and elaborately carved bannister curving down from the second floor, the marble flooring beneath my feet and the huge, glittering chandelier high overhead. The foyer of Princely House felt like stepping back in time, the period furniture tucked in corners and décor drawing me into the era of the deep South prior to the Civil War, when cotton and sugarcane made white men rich on the backs of men and women stolen from another continent.
I left Roman behind, Larry whispering to him, to do as I’d been instructed. Not that I needed anyone to tell me what came next and nor did I think what I was doing fell any less under the guise of actual work than lugging all that unnecessary equipment through this relic of the past. It felt oddly an affront to step over thick extension cables and weave around boxes of recording equipment on my way to the sweeping staircase. I paused at the bottom, took a deep breath, closed my eyes and let myself open to the house and its voices, breathing in the soft scent of flowers from somewhere to my right, the faint aroma of whatever cleaning solution had been used on the floor beneath me, the soft hum of what had to be air conditioning, a modern convenience added to the massive house in a nod to the comfort of those who would choose to stay here.
Nothing. Not a whisper of Juliet, nor a peep from any other spirit, ghost or entity that might cause Larry and his new venture trouble. Not that it meant anything just yet. I was only getting started. I had, however, expected to encounter something here in the place where the girl had perished, if, in fact, it was Juliet who haunted this house.
Time would tell.
The next hour or so went by as typically as most of my investigations. With care and caution I entered each and every space, from halls to bedrooms, updated bathrooms with modern plumbing, the vast kitchen and its stainless steel perfection, to the attic space and sitting rooms, countless nooks, crannies and hidey holes that such a house had to offer. In each instance, I stopped, felt, opened myself to any possible spirits.
Came up empty every single time.
Not that my wandering investigation was completely devoid of contact. To the contrary. The moment I landed at the top of the steps, in fact, I encountered two entities about as happy to see me as I was to see them. Not that I had anything against the twins who worked for Roman, mind you, but we’d always maintained a wary distance, if only because Roman himself encouraged it.
I did nod pleasantly to Naomi Robinson as the young woman, her tight black t-shirt only a few shades darker than her gorgeous depth of skin tone bearing the Roman Media logo, cargo short pockets bulging with equipment, slouched socks over her heavy work boots making her look more intrepid adventurer than web series crew, finished setting up what looked like a recording device. Her short corkscrew hair shone in the light, an envious halo of glossy perfection I secretly coveted.
Naomi nodded back, though she didn’t smile. “Hey, Alice,” she said. “I heard Roman hired you for this.”
Her twin, Noah, grunted while he lugged a large, black case past his sister, frowning at me. “Not sure why he did. But whatever.”
Since I’d debunked the cases they’d worked on with me previously, maybe their thin unhappiness with my appearance was to be expected. Tweaked my internal temper, though, even if I would never let them see it on the outside. Did they want to be laughingstocks when the truth came out the hauntings they were digging into turned out to be fakes? I was doing them a favor, as far as I was concerned.
Most people in our business didn’t see it that way. I’d learned not to bother trying to convince them otherwise, though I could never bring myself to lie, not even to avoid being cornered in uncomfortable encounters that often left me feeling small and pathetic.
This was why I worked alone.
Naomi shot Noah a look that silenced his grumbling surliness. “You always play straight,” she said, though she didn’t seem any more agreeable. “Sense anything yet?”
I shrugged. “It’s early,” I said, knowing I was being evasive.
Noah sighed heavily, but his sister shrugged back.
“Keep us posted,” she said, prodding Noah to get moving again. He groaned and moved on down the hallway away from me, the heavy case clutched in front of him. I let them go without comment, discouraged by the encounter despite knowing things would never be different.
That was, unless I actually found Juliet Princely. Since that was my job, I got back to it. Was it wrong I wistfully hoped maybe, this time, I’d actually have something to report?
I looked down over the bannister as Denver entered the foyer again, loaded down with his own gear, aided by another of Roman’s crew. I waved at Andre Garcia, gratified he waved back, his shy smile vanishing almost as fast as it appeared. I liked the young Latino technician, the only member of Roman’s crew who seemed to care one way or another if the hauntings were actually real or not. Funny, Andre reminded me of Denver in a way, though my sweet boyfriend, who spared a moment to beam a smile up at me from below when he caught my eye, had come out of his own shell quite a bit since we’d met.
I sighed into the quiet air of the upstairs and resumed my tour, pretty sure I was on a wild Juliet chase, but with 10,000 reasons to be thorough.

***

Chapter Four

My final stop took me through the back of the mansion and into the large, sunny greenhouse that spanned almost the full width of the building. The humidity hit me harder than it had outdoors, not even a breeze available to stir the heavy air. Why anyone in this climate would want for such a space baffled me and, when I pushed through the glass door and longed for the coolness of the interior behind me, I did my best to set aside the fact I felt like I was drowning in overheated air laden with too much moisture for the sole purpose of fulfilling my duty.
No spirits came to me, though the overpowering scent of flowers in bloom turned my stomach, far too much aroma mixed in with the earthy weight of loam, fertilizer and the faintest touch of mildew catching in the back of my throat. A thin film of sweat had broken out over my entire body, my clothing clinging uncomfortably, the long trail of my ponytail sticking in damp strands to the back of my neck.
The fact I’d encountered nothing even remotely spirit-like in the entire house had left me with a sense of dread. I sighed into the heat, knowing I now had to find Roman and tell him in no uncertain terms he’d paid me a great deal of money to uncover a hoax. Maybe he’d take it well, be grateful? I knew better. Roman would either bulldoze over my news and carry on as though I hadn’t spoken—yes, I had precedent—or he’d go ballistic and fire me, demanding his money back. Either way, this entire trip had been a wash and I was firmly in the camp of anxious regret when I caught sight of movement on the other side of one of the large hydroponic tables.
I have to admit, I had a bit of a moment. I’d come here to investigate a ghost, after all, and despite not feeling anything, the unexpected flicker of someone else in the deeply oppressive silence of the greenhouse’s already weighty environs made me shiver despite the heat. I found myself holding the moisture laden breath I’d drawn as the figure I’d spotted drifted out from behind the towering plants that obviously adored this state of affairs even if I didn’t.
Not a ghost, after all, but a woman, and one I recognized. I did my best to keep my face neutral as she approached, her own expression one of wary unhappiness. Apparently no one in Roman’s circles was overjoyed I’d been invited along. I almost missed the older woman who was Emma Durand’s companion, so focused was I on keeping myself bland and unthreatening to Roman’s historically jealous girlfriend.
I’d never once shown interest in him. Didn’t stop Emma from taking a dislike to me, though from what I’d seen she didn’t want any woman near her property, so I tried not to take her dislike personally.
“Alice Moore.” Emma looked away after a brief moment, her tall, slim body draped in a flowered dress, cascade of tawny hair loose over her shoulders. She always looked so perfect, so gorgeous, willowy and elfish. I took a distinct pleasure in the fact she was sweaty herself, her normally flawless tresses clinging to her shoulders. Trouble was, the heat just made her complexion dewy and ethereal. I could only imagine if I had a mirror to look into at that moment I’d be a flushed and patchy mess.
“Hello, Emma,” I said, keeping my tone pleasant before nodding to the older woman who seemed as uncomfortable in the heat as I was, her cheeks flushed, pink dyed hair in an asymmetrical bob showing a shaved undercut that really didn’t suit her rounded face. Nor was the deep red of her skin, flushed from her time in the greenhouse, doing much for her appearance. She squinted at me, nodded.
“You’re the psychic,” she said in a gruff voice, extending her hand. Finally, someone wanted to greet me as a human being. How lovely. I shook hers, noting the firm grip despite the dampness of her palm. Mine was just as sweaty, so whatever. “I’m Clara Clark.”
Wait, I knew her, didn’t I? “Cake or Break,” I blurted. Hadn’t she been the showrunner for that ill-fated baking show Lucy Fleming had taken part in? The one that went down in flames after the murder of one of the hosts opened a Pandora’s Box of cheating, deceit and copyright infringement?
Clara’s discomfort at the recognition had the opposite effect I’d hoped for and I realized as she glared at me I’d lost my one shot to get on her good side. Typical Alice Moore.
“That’s old news,” she grunted, crossing her arms, glaring. “I’m a producer now. Here to see what the Roman fuss is about.”
Interesting. Was this the real reason he brought me here? “Is there talk of a television show?” A network opportunity brought all the pieces together for me. While the web series was clearly serving him well, graduating to national exposure through more conventional broadcasting could mean a significant step up for him and his brand.
“I see.” I nodded to them both. “Just doing my tour,” I said then. “I should continue on, I suppose. Out of this heat.” I was starting to feel like I might wilt.
Clara stepped past me, opening the door to the kitchen and I followed her, the shock of the cooler interior welcome but triggering a bit of a dizzy spell. Emma didn’t seem to be affected at all, drifting past me and into the kitchen while Clara firmly closed the greenhouse door behind her.
“Finding anything interesting?” The producer didn’t sound overly enthusiastic, but she was clearly curious.
I wished I had better news for her and, instead of answering her with what I knew, I instead shrugged and tried a non-committal smile.
“I try not to jump to any conclusions,” I said. “Not until I complete my tour. If you’ll excuse me.” I didn’t quite run away from them, but I wasn’t prepared for more questions. Not until I had a chance to talk to Roman. While trying to keep my own jealousy out of the mix.
I didn’t want my own show or the fame that came with it, but I was woman enough to admit the prospect was exciting and made me sigh over my own sensibilities. If I were just a bit less ethical, had a fraction of his courage and maybe a modicum of materialism drove my passions, would I be on the same road as Roman?
Perish the thought.
While my walkthrough was technically complete, despite the excuse I offered to escape Emma and Clara, I took the time to exit the building and finish off with a brief exploration of the back garden. Just beyond the stone wall that had been constructed bordering the property stretched a swampy area where Florida’s natural state of being had been encroached upon by this renovation. How much of this area had been reclaimed from the swamp for the original plantation? More than likely this house and the fields where the cash crops of the time were grown had always infringed on the edges of the wilds of the countryside.
A faint splash in the distance made me start. Alligators abounded in the waters of the state, so I had good reason to be nervous. I had no desire to encounter toothy and scaled wildlife at the moment—or any moment—and since there had been zero sightings of the ghost here in the garden I checked off the space as non-viable and headed back inside.
I would say one thing for Larry Princely. He’d done an amazing job with the restoration. I reentered the foyer, pausing by the rack near the staircase, helping myself to one of the colorfully printed pamphlets offering the history of Princely House.
A read through gave me more of what I already knew. The Princely family had founded this plantation in 1779 and prospered, it seemed, until the untimely death of Juliet in 1860, just one year before the start of the Civil War. Her loss, the write up claimed, along with the defeat of the South in 1865, saw the decline of the family’s holdings. Apparently, the plantation house was abandoned when the Princely family was forced to free their slaves and never returned.
There was a brief line about Juliet’s tragic death, claiming it was an accident, but it certainly didn’t come across as though Larry intended for her loss to be a feature of the plantation’s attraction. I frowned down at the glossy photo of the plantation house, noting the approach of another though I didn’t look up until he was standing next to me.
“Do you have questions?” At least Larry seemed less antagonistic now. Still grim, but more agreeable and, as I nodded, he grimaced. “I’m sorry about earlier,” he said, unprompted by my expression as far as I knew, since I was still doing my best to remain neutral. “This whole mess has me unsettled. The staff turnover is killing me, not to mention the loss of guests.”
“Understandable,” I said. “While ghost tourism is a thing, it’s not as viable as mainstream.” There were those who sought out haunted spaces to stay on vacation. I would never understand it, however, though my particular circumstance made seeking out ghosts rather a ridiculous idea. I didn’t have to go looking, did I? While such clients did exist, however, I could only imagine their numbers would never sustain Larry’s business.
He nodded, hands deep in the pockets of his shorts, expression dark and frustrated. “Tell me about it.”
“I was wondering about the circumstances of Juliet’s death.” I returned the card to the rack as I spoke. No use wasting it, my fingerprints joining others on the glossy surface. I’d obviously not been the first person to peruse its contents or leave it behind. Made me wonder in the back of my mind if Denver’s idea to print such cards for us was a good one even as I forced my brain back to the moment at hand. I had no idea being a serious businesswoman could be so distracting from the real work. “The history here states her death was an accident.” He nodded. “Was there any possibility she was, in fact, murdered?” Yes, I was reaching. Honestly, every one of these investigations led me on a bit of an emotional rollercoaster of my own. I was a medium, after all, could see and talk to the dead. Having to tell people who were certain their homes were haunted they were imagining things wasn’t the easiest job in the world. Maybe there was something here I was missing?
Larry shrugged then, sighing. “There were rumors in the family,” he admitted, “that Juliet’s fall wasn’t her fault. But I don’t have proof.”
“We don’t need any,” I said with a flash of a grin. “Proof is for court. We’re talking dead people here.”
He laughed at that, relaxing somewhat, before sharing a rueful smile of his own. “Okay, fair enough,” he said before rubbing at the point of his chin with his index finger, the rasping sound of skin on stubble soft but audible. “There was the suggestion her sister might have done her in. They were supposedly in love with the same guy, some other plantation owner’s son, and Juliet was winning. She was going to marry him, from what I understand.” Larry frowned again, this time in vague and distant regret. “Turns out both daughters died right here in this house. The sister died a few months after Juliet, choked on a chicken bone. The young man they both loved? Died of cholera a year later.” Larry’s eyebrows arched. “Tough times for young love, I guess.”
“It certainly has all the earmarks for possible lingering echoes.” I frowned at the floor, despite the fact I’d not felt a thing. Still, it was daylight. Sometimes spirits didn’t make themselves known until after darkness, though I was the first to admit to myself I was reaching. Usually the imprint of their energy lingered no matter the time of day. There had been a shift in me, however, now that the owner of this place was no longer so disagreeable and I felt my responsibility to him supersede my discomfort with Roman or anyone else present. I looked up then and met Larry’s pale blue eyes, smiling for real. “I’ll know more tonight,” I said, touching his arm briefly, a habit of mine, an offer of comfort. “Hopefully we can clear this up for you quickly.”
Larry’s grateful smile in return seemed genuine enough. “Thanks, Alice,” he said. “I feel a lot better all of a sudden.”
As he turned and walked away from me, my heart sank. I’d just given the man false hope. Weird to suddenly pray for a ghost to show up to save the day.

***

Chapter Five

I had just turned to go look for Denver and fill him in on my lack of discovery, only to come to a halt with a soft gasp as the business end of a large camera was shoved in my face, Naomi firmly ensconced behind the equipment she held so close I could see my reflection in the lens. A large boom mic pointed like an accusing finger at me from the right side of the black framed lens staring me down.
“Alice Moore, noted medium of Boston fame, tell us. Does the restless spirit of Juliet Princely speak to you from this place where she died so long ago?”
She had to go and put me on the spot. I spluttered, hands rising to my heart like they did when I felt cornered and unsafe, knowing I was flushed and likely rather deer-in-the-headlights at the moment.
“I’m still investigating,” I finally managed to mutter, trying my best to slide past her and out of the danger zone that was posterity in a black box.
If only Roman’s second-in-command actually cared that I didn’t want to be on camera. She followed me immediately, hard on my heels, another question beating against my back while I attempted to retreat.
“Could it be more than one ghost lingers here in Princely House?” Naomi certainly had the hang of the whole entertainment value paranormal hunter with her low, menacing voice and slow delivery. She sounded like she’d been watching too many old horror movies, though I knew from occasionally indulging in the shudder-inducing habit of checking out Roman’s show online that she’d learned her method from the worst. “Are you, perhaps, also sensing the spirit of her dead sister, or even the fallen love of her life?” I turned and frowned at the camera then. Had she known about the history of the house before now or did she overhear me talking with Larry? “Could there even be the echoes of fallen soldiers, slaves or some other tragic losses long forgotten by the living that we might uncover in this old space?”
“I don’t like to speculate,” I said, knowing my voice was too high-pitched, as it was wont to climb to upper registers when I was nervous. “I’m a medium. I can only tell you what I feel, not what you might want me to say.”
Naomi sighed and lowered the camera a bit, glaring at me from behind it. “Alice,” she said, stressing my name like she chastised an errant child. “Play along, would you? Give me something.” She returned the camera to its previous position. “Are you excited for possible encounters as we spend the full night, from dusk until dawn, at the mercy of Juliet Princely?”
Oh for goodness sake, this was ridiculous. I blew out a brief breath of exasperation, wishing I could just blurt out what I thought of her attempt to draw me into such theatrics, when Roman appeared as if out of nowhere and, with one hand firmly on my elbow, guided me physically away from Naomi and her leading questions with a scowl on his handsome face.
Gone was the veneer of camaraderie and the lingering super-sweetness of his attempt to pretend we were all friends here. Instead, I bore the brunt of full-on bossy Roman Ellis as he hissed angrily in my direction.
“Listen, Alice,” he snarled softly enough I know I was the only one who heard, though if anyone looked our way there would be no mistaking his temper tantrum. “I hired you to back me up on this. Paid you a lot of money. Don’t make me regret it.”
He was a bully, had been since we’d met. That much hadn’t changed. Maybe that gave him the nerve to push me around, or try to. I hated to think he’d get away with it this time, too. For a shining moment, I thought of Fiona Fleming, my redheaded friend and her fiery temper. She’d never let someone like Roman gain the upper hand. Maybe I’d grown up a lot myself in the last year or so than I realized, since meeting Denver, since moving to Reading and associating with people who didn’t treat me like I was a freak. And maybe I was over his attitude already. After all, he’d hired me knowing full well I didn’t take orders and that I was always honest about my discoveries. Did he think anything had changed to make me cave to his little dog and pony attempt at impressing Clara Clark so he could get a TV show?
To my personal shock, all of that came to a head and, whether channeling my redheaded friend or finding new depths of my own courage I’d never before uncovered or acknowledge, I talked back.
“You asked me to come here and investigate,” I snapped, jerking my arm out of his grip and glaring. Me. Alice Moore. Glaring at Roman Ellis of all people. What was wrong with me, even? Bubbling hysteria at my sheer bravado only fed this need to stand up to him at last. Surely I’d regret it later, but the feeling of saying no was far too addictive in the instant of its birth I simply couldn’t stop myself. Didn’t want to, either. “I’m here. Investigating. Finding nothing, if you want to know the truth, Roman.” The rebellion on his face, the rejection of my statement, flashed like a warning sign I knew far too well. Why had I agreed to this again? The threat of imminent conflict couldn’t stop me, however. It seemed nothing could. Alice Moore, freight train of her own doom. Speaking the truth felt so good, though. Better than anything I’d ever done. “You know how I work. What made you think I’d lie just to make you look good?”
Roman ground his teeth together hard enough the molars squeaked. “You think I’m paying you ten grand for you to make me look any other way, Alice?”
“That wasn’t part of the contract.” Oh boy. Was it? I’d read it, of course I had. Did Roman somehow bury a clause I didn’t understand clearly that would compel me to falsify my findings? My surge of confidence suffered a blow, the need to speak up retreating in the face of concern I’d made a massive mistake.
From the aggravated fury on his face, I hadn’t missed anything. “I would think you’d be amenable to helping out here,” he said, threatening tone of his voice barely layered with a thin coating of sugar as though he was trying his best to keep me in line while forcing himself to be nice. At least, his flavor of nice. “There could be more work in it for you down the line. When the show is green-lit, if I decide to use you again, you’d be set.” He leaned a little closer, the cloying scent of his cologne choking me. “You might want to think about that before you make any final decisions about what you may or may not find here.”
My turn to grind my teeth, holding onto the strength I’d mustered to reject his control with sheer willpower. “I’m not going to repeat myself,” I said. “My followers trust me because I’m honest. It’s why you hired me, I assume, to give you credibility.” He didn’t argue, though he looked like he wanted to. “I’m willing to keep looking, for what it’s worth. We both know sometimes these things don’t evolve until after dark.”
Roman grunted at that, standing taller, pulling away, momentarily mollified, though the darkness in his eyes told me volumes. “Toe the line,” he said. “A lot is riding on this.”
Denver chose that moment to join us. I glanced at him, noticed his unhappiness, figured Roman was in for an earful. Instead, my boyfriend—my sweet and loving and caring boyfriend who had my back 100% and never, ever did anything to hurt me—met my eyes and crushed me with his words.
“Alice,” he said, voice low, hand on my arm, “please. Just do your part, okay? Everyone’s counting on you.”
I couldn’t catch my breath. Had he known about this? Had he conspired against me with Roman, somehow, plotted to get me here, to contrive to make me lie about the ghost—or lack thereof—and perjure myself in front of an international viewing audience? Had our entire relationship been a deception of its own? He was the grandson of Sadie Hatch, after all. How could I have been so blind?
Denver’s face pinched suddenly. Did he know what I was thinking? When I didn’t speak, wobbling suddenly from the lack of air and forcing myself to breathe, he let me go. Hesitated a moment, as though wanting to speak again but not sure what to say before he turned and walked away, shoulders slumped, head down.
Leaving me in the ashes of the love I’d felt for him not so long ago. I really needed to stop trusting people, apparently. It wasn’t good for my emotional health.
Still reeling from the revelation, I barely registered Roman as he leaned in one last time. “If you don’t back me on this, I swear to you, Alice, I’ll troll you into ruin.” His lips pulled back from those white, white teeth like a rabid dog ready to bite. “I’ll destroy you so thoroughly you’ll never recover. I hope I’ve made myself clear.” He straightened again, sudden beaming smile terrifying in its clear disingenuity. “Shall we go hunt ourselves a ghost?” Roman spun and strode off, leaving me there in the middle of the foyer, alone though the room bustled with activity as the crew continued their setup, icy cold to my core.
His threat wasn’t an empty one. He had far more followers than I did, multitudes of slavering sycophants who would tear me to shreds in the public forum given the least provocation. It was part of the reason I didn’t want to work with him. I’d seen him shred other mediums, psychics, ghost hunters, sending his followers out to do his bidding and banishing those he didn’t approve of or those who tried to call out his frauds from social media and into hiding from the threats and bombardment of endless vitriol that the internet was so ripe with these days.
The chill that settled over me turned to a bright spark of heat in the center of my stomach, blooming as it grew. I fed it with the determination that kept me safe in prison, the same self-preservation that had allowed me to use my gift to prevent those who were incarcerated with me from harming me. No, I hadn’t recruited the bits and pieces of echoes that made the prison their last home to specifically haunt the women who thought they could get away with bullying me. Only a little encouragement here and there, a brief push or tug that allowed them an instant or two of visibility at the right time offered me the protection I needed.
I was given a wide berth, the crazy girl who talked to ghosts. Not that I’d liked it, but for six months, it was all I had. I’d thought I’d left her behind, that young woman who’d been backed against a wall and left to fend for herself in a world that didn’t really care about her all that much. I’d embraced the person I wanted to be when I emerged from the cold, gray walls of my imprisonment, choosing to look ahead instead of behind me. Though I’d fallen back into a pattern of being that found me retreating from conflict, it always seemed safest.
Only now I felt grateful for what I’d been through. Not so I could use ghosts against Roman, not exactly. He might think he had me, and maybe he did, for now. I wasn’t a vindictive person normally, honest. Still, karma had a way, though, didn’t it, of making things right somewhere down the line? I was patient, I’d discovered, had always had that going for me, the long and slow patience of the dead my weapon of last resort.
He had his coming. Maybe sooner than he thought.
As for Denver… I couldn’t think about him right now. Maybe I’d misread him? Misjudged in the heat of the moment. Or maybe I’d been a fool all along and all he really wanted was the fame and recognition that came with being someone like Roman Ellis. I was a fool, had given my heart to someone who was as deceptive as his grandmother. That hurt far worse than the prospect of being forced to lie to keep Roman from destroying me.
Head now held high and doing my best to hide how I felt, I resigned myself to the next twelve or so hours trapped in this house with my heart breaking and my reputation on the line.

***

Chapter Six

I will confess by the time I’d cooled off somewhat I accepted there may have been a certain measure of overreaction on my part when it came to Denver and his lack of support. He’d never once, not ever, gone contrary to my wishes, even so far as to let me choose dinner despite the fact I preferred spicy food and he didn’t. Jumping to conclusions about his choice to encourage me to stay put and earn the money Roman was paying me wasn’t all that giant of a leap and said nothing, if I was going to cut to the bone of my knee-jerk rejection of the man I loved, about how he felt about me.
Darkness loomed, dusk falling over the dark green of the swamp behind the house, casting long shadows of the massive trees over the fresh, white painted columns and chasing off the unbearable heat of the day. I lingered in the doorway of the greenhouse, staring out over the backyard, gathering my thoughts and planning to go in pursuit of Denver with the ultimate goal of apologizing to him despite knowing I hadn’t actually said any of the things I’d been thinking out loud where he could be hurt by them. Still, I knew what had passed through my mind and I couldn’t shake the shame of making him bear the brunt of what was, for all intents and purposes, my burden and baggage neatly packaged to dump on him because I was uncomfortable admitting Roman had me between a rock and this damned plantation house.
Once the sun began to set and the oppressive humidity was replaced with a softening around the edges, I found my irritability fading with the pulse of a headache from excessive heat that left me sticky and unhappy. Mind you, conditions weren’t exactly balmy, but the alleviation seemed to do wonders for my temper. While others didn’t often get to witness the results of it, I did, in fact, harbor surges of emotion tied to anger I suppressed until I could deal with them on my own.
No chance of that here. I’d just have to continue to either suppress how I was feeling or, now that I’d done it once before, try out this unfamiliar stance that had me holding ground in a way I’d never experienced before.
Well, not entirely true. I’d done so at Fee’s side, once upon a time. I’d actually forced myself past my usual response to conflict and been a busybody right alongside her. The exception to the rule being I had her to make me brave, not to mention the need to know what had really happened to the woman who’d almost ruined my life.
I didn’t have Fee with me in this case, though, and I suppose it wasn’t an odd thing to wish she was available. She’d know how to handle someone like Roman, wouldn’t let him push her around. She’d have everyone on the crew as her best friend in heartbeat, too. Not that I wanted to be her, but… I missed her so acutely in that instant it made my chest hurt.
Funny how the icy interior of the house paired with the ridiculous humidity outside made my emotional ups and downs almost as aggressive. Could I blame it for my odd need to be like Fee Fleming, then? Perhaps. If that was what it took to make it through the night.
I turned at last, with a long sigh of regret, from the fading sunset and headed back into the greenhouse, heading for the kitchen. It really was stunningly beautiful here and, now that the interior of the glassed in extension to Princely House was no longer baking in the sun, the lush overgrowth of flowers and plants, paired with that earthy scent of soil recently disturbed, gave me pause. I guess I was finally in a place I could appreciate what was right in front of me.
No parallels with Denver intended.
As I stopped to dip my nose into a blushing blossom of some flower I couldn’t identify, the aroma achingly delicious, the door to the kitchen slammed open and two people stormed through. I held still out of a sense of self-preservation, uncomfortable knowing I was about to overhear what was likely a private conversation but not sure how to make myself known now that several seconds had passed.
“You have to keep me off the cameras.” That was Larry. He sounded furious. “You promised.”
“You’re part of the show, old buddy.” I knew Roman’s wheedling tone from anywhere. “This is your house. You’re the star as much as Juliet, right?”
“I’m trying to save my business, not ruin my reputation.” Larry’s anger wasn’t softening any. “Why did I let you talk me into this?”
“Because you owe me one, old friend.” That sounded far too much like blackmail to me. Someone grunted then, flesh striking fabric but in a way that was likely meant to be friendly. A pat on the shoulder, perhaps? “Trust me, Larry. I’ll make you famous.”
Another grunt. “If I wanted to be famous, I’d have gone into show business myself.” There was a long sigh. “I’m going to lose everything, Roman. If I do? I’m taking you with me.” There was a rustling sound, stomping feet on stone and then Larry moved past where I hovered behind the towering plants, watching him go.
Roman went after him, smirking, hands in his pockets, clearly unphased by his friend’s threat. Whatever the two of them had going, Roman obviously thought he maintained the upper hand.
I waited a few more moments, not wanting to run into either of the men on my way back into the house. They didn’t need to know I’d overheard their conflict. I was under enough scrutiny and had already had Roman threaten me. If he thought I knew something I shouldn’t, I’d only add to my troubles.
I really hated feeling vulnerable, rubbing at one elbow, feeling the ache there from just a few days ago when I’d hit Ranger Matt Winston a bit off center and given myself a bruise. Not that I was in the habit of striking law enforcement officers, but his girlfriend, Deputy Jill Wagner, had volunteered him as a target for her self-defense class at the local high school gym. While I wasn’t the most physical person in the world, preferring more passive means of solving problems, it was obvious to me thanks to the adventures of my friend Fee, knowing how to defend myself might be a good idea.
Yes, I’d learned a few things in prison, but nothing like what Jill taught us. Nor, I admitted then, what I’d learned just from watching Fee. We’d met when I’d investigated the death of Manuel Cortez and, subsequently, the murder of Denver’s grandmother, both with Fee’s help. I still blushed, thinking about the measure of shero worship that still lingered around my friendship with the amazing redhead who ran Reading’s bed and breakfast. I wished often times I was so fearless. She’d come face-to-face with murderers and brought them all to justice, often putting herself in harm’s way in the process. And though I wasn’t all that keen on being in danger, there was a certain verve to Fee Fleming and her outlook on life that made me wish I had a bit more of her courage.
That same courage I’d called on not so long ago. Thanks, Fee.
I wondered as I finally headed for the kitchen if she thought it odd I’d approached her in the gym to ask her if she’d mind if I called her from time-to-time. I must have sounded like a freak, though since I’d been rather odd my entire life according to almost everyone I knew, it wasn’t a stretch or anything that awkward weirdness came into play. Fee had been so gracious and easy going about agreeing to talk out cases I’d almost forgotten to thank her. I sighed into the lingering dampness as I approached the kitchen door, shaking my head and knowing I was blushing, grateful this time for the warmth that would hide my embarrassment.
Fee was a real detective, despite her protestations and the disapproval of our sheriff, Crew Turner. Me? I got to hang out with dead people. Big difference.
Denver started as I passed through the glass door but approached immediately when I stopped, hesitating, rubbing at that sore spot on my elbow again as if triggering the pain would help me keep myself from falling apart trying to apologize.
He beat me to it, arms going around me, tucking me into his chest. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered. “I shouldn’t have said that in the foyer. This is your thing, Al. I need to trust you and I didn’t.” He pulled back, swallowing so his Adam’s apple bobbed in a painful bounce. “We won’t take on any jobs from now on unless you want to. Okay?”
I hugged him then, the horrible wash of judgment and doubt that had hit me harder than anything ever had gone in a wave of love for him. “Okay,” I whispered back.
When I let him go, he shrugged, hands deep in the front pockets of his jeans. “Do you want to go?” I could hear the hesitation in his voice, knew he was thinking about the money we’d been paid, that he’d spent, and I sighed, shaking my head.
“One night,” I said. “Enough to satisfy the contract. Then, we walk.”
Denver bobbed a nod at me, tiny smile tugging at his lips, lighting his brown eyes. “Finding anything?”
I shook my head, following him as he turned to head back into the main house. “Nothing,” I said, keeping my voice down. “I’m not surprised.”
Denver chewed his lower lip, looking nervous all over again. “Roman’s not going to like it.”
I almost told my boyfriend where Roman could shove what he liked and didn’t like and giggled instead. There was Fee and her attitude against anything resembling control over what she wanted to do rubbing off on me again, bless her. “It’ll be okay,” I said, knowing suddenly it would. I wouldn’t lie. Roman could try to ruin me, would probably succeed. That didn’t change the fact I had Denver and social media destruction only lasted so long. Once new, shiny scandals came along, my fall from grace would be forgotten.
We’d be fine. More than fine. I was sure of it.
Feeling far more confident and with the man I loved at my side, I headed for the last stage of the investigation as night fell over Princely House.

***

Chapter Seven

It was interesting, I had to admit, observing Roman’s team at work. Because I was so accustomed to the simple, straight-forward and often lacking in visual appeal of my type of investigation, watching the last pieces of the web series puzzle fall into place while the cameras and sound equipment were tested, retested and then linked together into a network of observation that would surely increase Larry Princely’s power bill considerably was oddly intriguing.
I carefully stepped over a thick, black cable taped to the floor, grateful I wasn’t the one who had to remove adhesive from the polished surface when this was all over. In fact, I fully intended to be out and on our way back to Reading by the time dawn lit the Eastern horizon. I did note Denver seemed rather protective of one of the cameras and assumed he’d set up for our benefit—or his, at least—so my quick escape might not be as rapid as I’d hoped.
I glanced over Andre’s shoulder at one point and the computer tablet he constantly checked. The screen was divided into what looked like six separate feeds, in various parts of the house. Because I’d completed my tour already, I easily identified each of the spaces they’d chosen for the investigation. The staircase arched forward from one of the camera’s view, the top step to the foyer floor clearly visible. Another was aimed into the greenhouse, though I did wonder how they’d protected the delicate electronics from the humidity lingering there. Not my problem. The third appeared to be focused on the bottom of the steps and it was easy enough to spot the camera in question, mounted on a large tripod, aimed at the foyer itself. Four was Juliet’s old bedroom and five was the back stairs to the kitchen. The sixth showed a full view of the attic.
I almost pointed out they’d failed to aim cameras at the upstairs hallway itself, then decided against it. There wasn’t going to be a ghost sighting, after all, so what did I care? Denver’s camera(s), from what I saw of his own feed on his phone, turned out to be twofold—aimed at the bottom of the stairs as well, and another at the top, with a similar vantage point as Roman’s, though Denver had, at least, partially taken in the hallway to the left.
Far more interesting to me, however, was the interaction of the team members themselves. I found a quiet window ledge to perch on in the main foyer and chose to take a few minutes to observe how they got along, not at all surprised to note the tension and discord rippling between them.
Well, not all of them. It was fairly easy to see the rather personal relationship between Roman and Naomi, at least to someone observing them as I was. The subtle touches, secret glances and brief momentary encounters made it clear to me there was much more going on between them than a purely business connection. I wondered if Noah was aware, since he’d been known in the past to assault his twin sister’s suitors. I’d witnessed one such attack a few years ago in Boston the last time I’d worked with Roman and his team. While I personally disliked bars and rarely drank (spirits had easier access to me when my mind was altered, it turned out), I’d done my best to fit in with the team when they’d retreated to grab a beer at a local hangout.
It was a wonder the guy Noah punched in the face hadn’t pressed charges. Then again, I wouldn’t know, since I’d quickly left after the fight broke out. Noah didn’t need me to defend his sister’s honor, especially since she’d been flirting with the guy in the first place. I’d chosen escape over interference since having a record and interacting with the police still made me nervous.
I shook my head at myself, taking note it seemed to be mostly Naomi instigating the contact with Roman. But, more tragically, was the longing way Andre watched her watch their boss. Noah did appear oblivious, however, so maybe this three way disaster waiting to happen might not devolve into anything. Hopefully not tonight, at any rate. What occurred after I left them was their problem.
Part of me always felt a bit guilty about observing people, making assumptions about them, but it had been who I was for so long I didn’t know how to stop. Since I ended up being right nine times out of ten, it was difficult to rein in my curiosity about interactions between the people I observed. I knew I spent far too much time on the outside looking in, that my particular ability made it easy for me to retreat and become an observer rather than a participant in life, but I took comfort at times from the silent near invisibility sitting back and simply watching afforded me.
The thing was, most people assumed I was focused on the dead because of my set of skills and tended to avoid me or leave me be to do my thing, including Denver at times. I knew from conversations with clients in the past that my silence was seen as a sign to avoid me either because of discomfort with my abilities or out of respect for my process. If they only knew, I just loved people, my curiosity about the living far more powerful than my contact with the dead.
I shouldn’t have been surprised Roman didn’t react like most people, self-absorbed enough in his own awesomeness his imperious gesture to me was the call to a servant, the command in that simple wave reinforcing my dislike for him while assuring me he could care less about my process as long as he got what he wanted.
If only he knew my observations of him reduced his power over me rather than increasing it. Satisfied with my growing confidence I could handle whatever he threw at me, I joined him and the rest of the team now gathered to accept their assignments for the night. Larry Princely was the only one who looked particularly uncomfortable, but despite agreeing with him about this entire fiasco, I was at least very good at hiding how I felt.
“We’re going to work on a rotating schedule,” he said while Naomi nodded. “Me and Nomi are upstairs.” She seemed pleased about that, the nickname clearly acceptable. “Noah, you’re with Alice.” His eyes met mine, command behind them. “I want you two portable the first two hours, cruising the whole house. Let’s be mysterious, people.” Noah didn’t seem surprised by the order, and I suppose I wasn’t either. “Andre, you and tech boy are in the vans.” He didn’t even look at Denver, or his own employee, as far as that went. I fought off a surge of annoyance and repeated to myself over and over I only had to make it to dawn. “Clara,” Roman turned to the producer with one of his million watt smiles, “you are here to observe, but feel free to pick up a camera, wander the house. We’d love for you to be the one to meet Juliet.”
Clara didn’t look impressed. “If she makes an appearance.”
Roman’s lack of response made me instantly suspicious. Did he have something planned?
“Ems,” he moved on to his girlfriend who looked very unhappy he’d chosen to work with Naomi, glaring at the other woman, arms crossed over her narrow chest. “You’ll be with Larry manning the stair cam. You know what to do. Nomi and I will head to the attic to start. I want you all audible and tense. Talk it out with the spirits, yeah? We’ll switch out and you two can head down to the greenhouse for a bit. We’ll all rotate positions to keep the visuals fresh. I’ll let you know when it’s time to move.” He clapped his hands together, beaming. “Let’s make paranormal magic, people!”
The next several hours unfolded exactly as expected. I wandered the house with Noah following me, asking me annoying questions that I mostly ignored. I did my due diligence, however, making sure to pause in each room and check for the shivery, cold and often disquieting feeling of lingering spirits. I took my time, three hours passing slowly and in agonizing frustration. Not because I didn’t want to do what I was doing. If I’d been alone I could have passed the whole night drifting from one place to another, enjoying the quiet darkness of the house. I rather loved the place, if I was going to be totally honest, the tall ceilings and big rooms and airy feeling of the plantation embracing me.
The trouble was, of course, the constant chatter of the guy behind the camera who didn’t give me a moment’s peace. If I heard him ask, “Are you getting anything?” one more time I was going to share some rather nasty swearwords he could use for posterity.
We occasionally encountered the others, but not often, since I did my best to avoid them. If there was a spirit here, it was more likely she’d show up to me when I wasn’t crowded with others. I almost made that mention to Noah, but shrugged it off. I was doing my job. That would have to be sufficient.
A half hour or so before midnight, Roman’s voice came over the two-way Noah had hung at his hip.
“Let’s meet in the hall above the main stairs and switch positions.”
Since Noah and I were in the far bedroom, the master a lush oasis I would have loved to call my own with gossamer curtains hung around the gorgeous four-poster, a breeze that smelled of fresh outdoors and flowers making me smile, we were the last to join the group. It was obvious from the scowl on her face, clear in the faint light of the tablet Naomi was perusing, the visiting producer wasn’t happy.
“Nothing’s happening,” she complained to Roman. “This makes for boring viewing, just so you know.”
He pressed one big hand to his heart, eyes huge in the low light. “Have you ever known one of my shows to bore, Clara?”
She grunted, shrugged. “Get on with it, then,” she said.
He slipped an arm around her shoulders. “Why don’t you join me,” he said, nodding to Naomi who frowned but didn’t argue. “Let’s switch up teams, shall we? Nomi, you’re with Ems.” That wasn’t going to end well. The pair’s animosity flared up between them, something Roman was either counting on for video of interest or missed out on entirely. I assumed the former. “Clara and I will keep touring the house.” His gaze snapped to me. “Noah, why don’t you wander off on your own? Give Alice here her own camera.”
Noah seemed surprised by that before muttering something into his two-way.
“Maybe being on your own will help you uncover the spirit we seek.” Roman’s rather formal suggestion told me he knew he was on camera still. “I know you prefer to work alone. Let’s see what you can find when you’re not distracted.” There was enough weight behind his words I took that “suggestion” as a threat and chose to ignore it anyway.
“We’ll see,” I said. He wanted mysterious? He’d get down-right nothing from me. I hoped that was mysterious enough for him.
The front door opened, Andre trotting across the foyer and up the stairs with a small black box in his hands. Roman snapped his fingers at the tech, annoyed suddenly.
“I said a camera,” he snarled.
Andre tensed, shooting his boss an angry look. “She doesn’t have experience with a hand held,” he shot back. “This body cam is the best option.”
“I decide what the best option is.” Roman actually muscled his way toward us, chest out, Andre not backing down. Something was going on between them, something I’d missed. Or had I? Were they both aware of Naomi’s preferences and it was becoming an issue between them?
Emma stepped between the two men, one hand on Roman’s chest. “Easy. He’s just doing his job.” She glanced over her shoulder at the tech who seemed to soften a little at her support.
Roman, on the other hand, took it personally. I watched the anger flash over his face and knew he’d be editing out the next few minutes. “Mind your own business,” he snarled at his girlfriend. “You’re only here as a filler. Remember that.”
I had the distinct impression he wasn’t just talking about the show tonight. Emma certainly took it personally, bursting into tears after a short, shocked moment, turning and running down the steps and disappearing on her way deeper into the house. The empath in me wanted to go after her and comfort her, but we’d never been friends and I was already in Roman’s bad books.
Besides, she’d chosen him as her boyfriend. She had to have known what she was getting herself into.
“Can we please get back to work already?” Naomi’s compassion was nowhere to be seen. She seemed annoyed instead, Noah nodding, while Andre turned back to me, scowl so deep I worried a little as he readied the camera he then settled over my hair, mounted on an elastic strap that clung to me and allowed my hands freedom. Despite my concern, however, his touch was gentle and efficient and the moment he was done he turned and left, heading back to the front door which he didn’t quite slam behind him.
I should have been prepared for what came next. How did I allow him to catch me in a weak moment? As I looked back from Andre’s departure, I caught the gleam in Roman’s eyes and realized everything that happened up to this point was actually a part of the show. The argument with Emma, the conflict with Andre, all of it. That became acutely obvious as Roman closed the distance between us, face tight and a little angry.
“Alice,” he said, though he made my name sound like a command instead of a form of address, “it’s time for your input in all this. What have you found?”
Just like that, I was in my least favorite position of all time. On the spot with nothing at all to give him. The worst part of all was the fact he knew it, had set me up for this.
If he wanted conflict on camera, he was about to get it. I drew a deep breath, hoping I was as prepared for this battle as I told myself I would be, and shook my head. “There are no ghosts here,” I said, firm and playing my best confident role. He was the only one who could act a part. “You’re wasting your time.”

***

Chapter Eight

Roman was ready for me and the response I’d had no choice but to deliver, it turned out. He seemed near glee as he pounced on me energetically while crowding me physically, my distinct discomfort with his closing proximity making me back up a step. An act I instantly regretted since it weakened my position and left me trembling.
Roman seized the advantage and loomed over me, disdainful rejection of everything I stood for vibrating in his voice. “I expected as much from you, Alice,” he said, jabbing a finger in Larry’s direction, his tone practically vibrating with fake concern and protective passion for the supposed victim of this fake haunting. I watched the camera on Noah’s shoulder pivot, just as Naomi’s did at the same instant, one covering my present circumstance and the other the pale face of the Princely House owner. Too smooth to be unplanned, far too scripted not to have been set in motion prior to this conversation. I knew better. I knew better. What was I doing giving Roman any kind of ammunition against me? I struggled to regain my composure, my new confidence, though my opponent was far from done. “You’d let this poor man and his small business suffer because of an old rivalry, is that it?” He was turning this on me? Of course he was, there shouldn’t have been any surprise there. Was this, then, why I was here? “Shame on you, Alice. Denying our host’s plight so you can make me look bad.” Roman’s expression turned to devastated and he ran one hand over his face as though appalled by my behavior when he was the child performing for what had to be the most gullible audience in the world if they bought this act of his. “What kind of monster are you?”
It took every ounce of energy in my body to keep from running away. I hated confrontations, despised them, loathed them with every fiber of my being. He’d set me up for this one, too, created this conflict. There was no other reason he’d invited me here then pushed me to stand up to him by threatening me with ruin by his own hand. He had to have known the haunting wasn’t real. Why then had he paid me so much money to be here if he just wanted to humiliate me?
Because I wouldn’t have come otherwise. So was this a vendetta or did he have some larger plan in mind? I swallowed hard, rigid with discomfort, but refused to let him bully me this way. No matter what happened, I was standing my ground, even if my voice shook and he made me cry. The horror of that thought, his crew catching me sobbing in anxiety on camera actually helped a lot, pulling me back from the brink of just that. “I would think the fact I’m not detecting anything untoward is a good thing for Mr. Princely.” Just the barest shake to my voice, excellent. Deep breaths helped. I didn’t intend to be so formal, but Roman had me at a disadvantage and weirdo Alice who read far too many books that were far too advanced for a small child who consumed them eagerly none the less made an appearance. She’d always been my shield, the freak teen girl with the giant vocabulary who everyone picked on because she was about as socially awkward as she was unattractive at least knew where she stood in the world. I hadn’t called on her in ages, though, not since I’d decided who I was suited me just fine and no one had to like me, thank you, since I did. A lot.
Leave it to Roman Ellis to remind me of the girl I used to be. On the other hand, kudos to me for using her to my advantage.
“I should have invited a legit medium,” Roman said then, turning his shoulder to me, facing the camera, head down. When he looked up again, I caught his anguished expression in profile as he reached one hand toward Larry. “I’m sorry, bro. I’m failing you here. But we’re not quitting, I promise. We’re going to figure this out and free you from this ghost if it takes all night.”
The owner of the house clearly didn’t know how to react because his expression wavered between confusion and disgust. Could he see through Roman’s act? More than likely, if he’d known him as long as all that. Despite his reaction, however, Larry Princely didn’t call out his old friend on the deceptive act he portrayed for the cameras aimed at his artful expression of determination and, I’m sure, what Roman thought was heroic commitment. He made me quite literally sick.
He wasn’t done with me, not yet. Roman turned back to me then, face hardening, shoulders squared, his guise of steadfast leader settling around him like a cloak. “Witnesses don’t lie, Alice Moore,” he said, voice just shy of booming, likely to keep the volume on the cameras from clipping into squealing noise. How practiced he was at deception. If I wasn’t so shaken by this encounter, orchestrated to do just that, I might have felt a much more detached curiosity about his performance skills. He really was quite good. “I’ve had goosebumps all night.” He rubbed at both bare arms with his big hands, looking around then as though expecting a ghost to leap out at us at any moment.
It would have been an excellent choice to simply keep my mouth shut and allow him to continue on with his plan. The thing was, I honestly believed in what I did, in what I do. Shows like his, playacting at the paranormal, did nothing to help those who really needed it and only perpetuated the myths and lies about the dead. That I simply couldn’t abide, despite my trembling knees and the knot of anxiety in my stomach.
That’s how I found myself confronting him, speaking in a voice still shaken but firming as I tilted my chin up to answer. “Goosebumps and witnesses aside,” I said, finding the words I spoke helped me regain a fraction of my composure and the Alice I was now, “I can only tell you what I sense, Roman. Believe me, if anything comes up, you’ll be the first to know.” I sighed inwardly and turned toward Larry, knowing I was kowtowing to Roman in that moment but honestly feeling, as I often did with clients, like I needed to apologize for not finding what they were sure haunted them. “I’m not giving up,” I said. “You may want to consider there’s an alternate explanation for the things your guests have encountered.”
Larry nodded slowly to me, shrugged. A heartbeat after his shoulders rose and fell, Roman sliced one hand across his neck and, as the cameras descended, he clapped me on the shoulder with a big grin.
“Nicely done,” he said. “We’ll make a star of you yet. Now, go find a ghost and yell loudly when you do.”
In other words, regardless of what I might or might not feel, Roman was expecting a performance.
I retreated from everyone else, grateful to be on my own. Maybe Roman thought it was a punishment, but I saw it as a reprieve. No more uncomfortable and endless chatter, no longer the foolishly empty questions from behind the camera. I did feel silly with the rig on my head, wondering what kind of view Andre was getting from the bobbing camera that perched over my eyes, capturing what I saw. I had no idea if there was a microphone on the camera, though it was likely to be the case, but I refused to create any kind of running dialogue regardless. Roman would have a silent tour of the house and would likely turn it into some kind of creepy music montage that he could label as an Alicecam or something similarly ridiculous.
The big grandfather clock in the foyer boomed its midnight tolling as I descended the stairs from the attic, heading for the second floor again. What was often called the witching hour rarely, in my experience, made locating ghosts any easier. If they were to be found, they would have come to me on their own accord by now. The tolling of 12AM meant little to the real spirit world.
I was, however, fairly certain if I’d been in Roman’s presence at that moment I’d be furiously annoyed by his overhyped exaggeration of what the time meant. Good thing I was alone then. Alone and irritated and ghost-free. No surprises here.
Which was why I jumped and screeched a little—just a little—at the sound of a blood curdling scream coming from somewhere to my left. Without thinking, heart pounding and adrenaline getting the best of me, I ran down the last three steps and turned left, toward the horrible sound. Stuttered to a halt partway down the hall toward the main staircase and froze, mouth gaping, at the sight before me.
A glowing figure walked through a wall, passed around the corner to the sweeping staircase descending to the foyer, and disappeared.

***

Chapter Nine

My arms ached from crossing them tightly over my chest, doing my best to stay out of the way while the crew chattered excitedly over the footage. I’d reluctantly joined the rest of the ghost hunters in the foyer to take a look at what appeared to be a glowing figure, indistinct to my eyes but Juliet to everyone else, exiting the wall of the hallway and disappearing at the top of the steps. She (and I used that term loosely) had only been visible a few seconds, though from the scream in the room on the other side of the wall—a spare bedroom where Naomi had happened to be filming—the supposed spirit of the dead teenager had begun her journey earlier than I witnessed.
The camera at the top of the stairs had only caught the briefest of glows, the angle all wrong. As for Naomi’s, she’d spun apparently at the last second and only caught a glimpse of the retreating light. Which meant, as far as I was concerned, little. In fact, from my perspective, it was all highly suspect.
Especially since the fallacy that spirits actually glowed was so far off the mark I wanted to scream. Whoever had clearly set up this apparition for our benefit had done so on the premise that ghosts exuded some unearthly white light, a Hollywoodesque expectation that had been making the rounds for years.
The thing was, real spirits didn’t look like ghosts. Not the ones I saw, at any rate. If anything, there were times I’d even mistaken the freshly dead for living people, at least at first. Even Denver’s clever holographic projector had utilized that truth. I’d informed Sadie of the reality of ghostly apparitions many years ago and Denver had incorporated the authentic appearance of spirits in his fakery. Mind you, angry spirits could sometimes muster light, as had been the case with Manuel Cortez. In general, however, random spirits didn’t glow, at least not at the level this one did.
This attempt at a haunting only reinforced to me I was being used in an elaborate plot aimed at Roman Ellis acquiring a television show of his very own.
Denver glanced at me, frowning, shaking his head. Was he urging me to stay quiet or siding with me on the fakery? It didn’t matter, not really. No one was going to listen to me while Roman snapped orders, sending the crew off to use their various gadgets to check for evidence beyond the brief glimpse caught on camera.
I’d seen the so-called spirit, had experience with this sort of chicanery. In fact, this was typically part of the job I usually did for those who hired me. Uncovering and debunking fraudulent hauntings was the basis of my work. The few times I’d actually encountered real spirits bent on causing discomfort to the living made it worth it. Rare, and immensely satisfying.
This clearly wasn’t one of those cases. Not that Roman or his team seemed to care. He spun on me, his crew scrambling with cameras rolling yet again, tight grin vicious.
“Told you,” he said.
“I didn’t feel anything,” I shot back, defensive despite knowing it wasn’t going to do me any good. Neither was Noah’s lens aimed at the two of us.
“Maybe you’re slipping.” Roman shrugged. “That was a ghost.”
“More likely a fraud,” I snapped, hating I was playing into his hands my ability to talk back only getting me into trouble now. I needed to retreat into quiet Alice again, but for some reason was unable to stop myself.
No. Not some reason. The most important one. This was my job, my calling, my gift. No one treated it like a game, not on my watch, even if it meant I put myself in a position that guaranteed I’d bear the brunt of conflict. Not like this. “Give me a bit and I’ll prove it.”
His grin didn’t fade, but he did turn his back on me and walk away. Which meant, of course, he was the source of the ghost and was absolutely positive I’d never find what I was looking for.
You know what? We’d just see about that.
I immediately nabbed Denver and dragged him along with me. My boyfriend didn’t argue, bless him, instead helping me search for hiding equipment, projection screens, cameras that could possibly explain what had happened. Denver and I combed carefully over the bedroom, the hallway, the stairs for the next hour or so, everyone else already moved on to their next location. By the time I was done, admitting defeat and more frustrated than ever, I was ready to cut and leave.
Denver hugged me as I stood in the dark hallway, fuming. “It’s going to be okay,” he said. Platitudes weren’t helping.
“It’s not,” I shot back, temper getting the best of me easier to let it out with him, ironically. “Roman set this up somehow and he’s manipulating me, his team, Clara. It’s a fake, Denver, and I’m wrapped up in it.” That was the most infuriating part, honestly. Roman could do what he wanted. The fact he’d drawn me into his lies, however, had constructed this whole scheme to legitimize himself, made my blood boil.
Denver obviously didn’t know what to say. I turned and walked away from him, needing space and time to decompress. I spent the next half hour or so reexamining the entire house from top to bottom, checking for spirits, even trying to summon one out of the surrounding countryside. Nothing, not a whisper. The echoes of those who lived here had long moved on and the tragedy that befell Juliet Princely hadn’t, as far as I could tell, kept her here any longer than the time it took for her to die from a broken neck.
Case closed. So why then did lingering doubt form an uncomfortable ball in the pit of my stomach and send me circling the drain of confidence shaken? By the time I was ready to descend into the foyer again from the second floor, heading for the kitchen and the greenhouse, I actually had myself worked up into a frenzy of what if. After all, I hadn’t found any proof, had I? What if Roman hadn’t set this up and somehow my gift failed me and Juliet Princely did show and I was ruing myself by doubting when I should just trust and accept? I hated the what ifs, had fallen into the trap of those two little words far too often as a child, a teenager, a young adult riddled with self-doubt. It took me a long time—and six months in prison—to create a measure of outward confidence I fought every day to maintain, failing more often than not.
That was the most hurtful part of all of this, of the giant mess I’d found myself in. Not the risk to my reputation, not the conflict with Denver, however brief or my own fault. It was the solid blow to my hard-won modicum of self-esteem that cut the deepest.
My stumbling steps carried me down from the attic toward the second floor hallway. I was deeply sunk into the dark thoughts devouring me from the inside out and, because of that, I barely registered a faint scuffling sound followed by a soft thud and then, a moment later, another. Someone obviously dropped something or was adjusting equipment and, as I stepped into the hall, I hesitated. I really didn’t want to encounter anyone right now, to be forced to express what I was feeling and experiencing in words to another human being. I didn’t even want to see Denver, truth be told, wishing I could simply walk out into the Florida night and vanish.
I dragged my feet, head down, pausing at last at the head of the stairs, jaw aching from clenching it so tightly, and nodded to myself in a surge of renewed control. Money or no money, I was done being a pawn to Roman and his aspirations. I was finished with manipulations and bullying and everything else to do with anyone having any say over my work, my actions or how I felt about who I was.
I exhaled deeply, stomping down the steps, eyes locked on the front door, the darkness almost complete but for the faint reflection of illumination from the moon, newly risen. Roman could have his money back. I’d find a job to fill in the gaps that didn’t make me feel like I’d sold out or wasn’t worthy of the gift I’d been given. I was so done, I could taste it.
Something soft deflected my sneaker as I hit the foyer proper, my balance lost, sending me tumbling to the floor. Both hands in front of me, a gasp of surprise shaking me from my focus, I landed hard on whatever tripped me, realizing almost immediately it was another person. The familiar scent of his cologne told me who it was, and I almost snapped a comment, except when I pushed away to ask him why he was lying on the floor, I realized his staring and vacant expression meant unless his own spirit chose to make an appearance, Roman Ellis wasn’t going to be talking to anyone ever again.
However it happened, whatever the cause, he was very dead.

***

Chapter Ten

Sheriff Gary Green didn’t like me. It was obvious enough in the gruff and unwelcoming tone of his voice, the way his dark brown handlebar mustache streaked with wiry gray hairs poking off in odd directions bristled and undulated with a life of its own, how his dark hazel eyes squinted down at me as though I were the source of all that was wrong in the world and actually almost succeeded in making me believe it.
I had never been comfortable talking with law enforcement, made worse because of my record. It was the first thing Sheriff Green mentioned, so he’d obviously done a background check on me before coming to the plantation house. Despite the fact I’d reiterated over and over again the circumstances by which I’d quite literally stumbled over Roman’s body, Sheriff Green seemed insatiably focused on my past as one big, meaty hand clutched at his pen, hovering over the small pad of paper he ignored, not a note taken through this entire joke of a lesson in small town law enforcement intimidation.
Why did I let it work on me? I might not have been a convicted murderer, but I did spend six months in prison for blackmail. That appeared to be sufficient evidence in the sheriff’s estimation to make me capable of killing someone else.
“You can guess, Miss Moore,” he said in that harsh drawl of his, large and protruding belly hanging over the thick belt holding up his jeans vibrating slightly from the force of his words, “how happy I am to be out here on a Sunday morning.” That was my fault too, apparently. “But we need to make sure we get this whole story sorted out and straightened into a solid line before I can move on.” He looked down at the empty sheet of his pad and grunted as if only then realizing he hadn’t written down a single word, flipping the cover closed and tucking it and the pen into the breast pocket of his dark green uniform shirt. “Now, tell me again, if you would be so kind, what a convicted felon is doing finding murder suspects in the middle of the night?”
If he planned on focusing on that one detail, we weren’t going to get anywhere. I didn’t feel any particular unhappiness at Roman’s death and knew that made me a bad person, but I wasn’t guilty of murder. My only real regret was the fact I’d lingered long enough to be the one to find him.
“As I’ve already told you,” I sighed, “my incarceration was for blackmail.” I hated saying it out loud like that, but he wasn’t giving me much of a choice. I wasn’t guilty. I’d been set up, thanks to Sadie. According to the state of Iowa, however, I had been convicted and had to own it. “I’m hardly a serial killer.”
Sheriff Green was obviously looking for an easy answer and grunted his displeasure at my continuing claims of innocence. A truth that wasn’t helped by Naomi’s interruption. Tear-stained cheeks and reddened eyes made it obvious she’d been crying, nothing fake about that. Nor was the anger in her expression as she jabbed a finger at me, accusation in her very being.
“Tell him about how you hated Roman,” she choked. “Tell him you fought, that you didn’t want to be here, that you are a fraud.” Noah grabbed his sister, dragging her away, back to the huddle of the rest of the crew where they waited to have their own kick at the interrogation can. “Tell him why you did it!”
I really needed that kind of support right now, thanks, Naomi. I knew she was just grieving. Then again, as far as I knew she really did believe I killed Roman. Regardless of her motives, whether to deflect from herself and the others and onto me or out of sheer ridiculousness fed by her sorrow, she’d just put me in a terrible position.
I was going to end up in a cell any second now. Could this day get any worse?
Before the sheriff could take any kind of action that involved handcuffs and me in the back seat of his cruiser, the young woman who’d joined the EMTs just a short time ago left the body, now loaded on a gurney and tucked inside a body bag, out of sight, to interrupt the one-sided conversation I seemed to be having with the man in front of me. She nodded to me, the oversized black windbreaker she wore with “Coroner” written in large white letters across the back and “Nice Funeral Services” embroidered over her heart, took focus.
“Sheriff,” she said. “You want my notes?”
He blew out a breath, fanning his mustache briefly. “Whatcha got, Danny?”
I noted her name was also stitched into her jacket, over her right arm. Danielle Nice. I was aware small towns typically used local morticians as their coroners and was surprised to find she looked about my age. Despite that, Sheriff Green seemed to respect her and when she spoke, he listened. So, he wasn’t sexist, at least. Just lazy, then? Looking for an easy slam-dunk and I was it.
“Looks like a broken neck,” she said, dark ponytail tossed behind her shoulder, big, pale eyes making her look almost like a china doll. Despite living in Florida she had the palest skin, thick black lashes and a pointed chin. I almost called her delicate in my head. Tiny was more like it. I wasn’t massive by any means, but at 5’5” I was at least average height. Danny Nice maybe hit five feet and if she didn’t eat a hamburger the girl was going to blow away in a stiff wind.
Still, there was a solid strength to her, a sense of grounding that maybe came from her profession. I dealt with the dead on a different level, but the experience of working with death did lend one a certain gravity she clearly embraced.
Sheriff Green nodded then, looking up the steps. “From the fall?”
“Seems likely.” Danny tucked her hands into the pockets of her windbreaker, shrugging, before turning a grin on me. “Crazy, right?” She freed a hand to poke me with one index finger, pale gray eyes sparkling. “Of all the people to fall over a dead body, it has to be Alice freaking Moore.”
The sheriff’s expression tightened again. “You don’t say.”
Danny might have been amused, but he wasn’t. She eye rolled and punched him firmly in the shoulder. “Give over, Gary,” she said as if he was being foolish and really needed to get a grip already. “Haven’t you read Alice’s blog? It’s the best.” The young mortician beamed at me. “Pop over to the parlor at some point before you go? I’d love a pic with you.” She winked. “You should be asking Alice here for her input, not assuming she’s a murderer. When I haven’t even figured out if it is murder.” She shot him an annoyed look that made him visibly uncomfortable, his soft spluttering of protest cut off as she went on. “I’ll let you know if it was an accident,” she stressed that word before turning her attention to me, “once I get a good look at the body. Until then, though, I’m up for a bit of speculation.” Her teeth were perfect and very white when she smiled at me in eager anticipation. “What you think, huh, Alice? If it was murder, did Juliet kill him or what?”
I found myself grinning back, shaking my head. Despite the circumstances, I found myself relaxing a little and really liking Danny Nice. “I highly doubt it,” I said, turning to the sheriff then, feeling a bit braver than I had now that I had backup. “I didn’t kill Roman,” I said, “but if you have other questions for me, I’m happy to answer them. Including who I think you should be talking to.” I kept that quieter than the rest of my offer, if only to keep the others from hearing me. They didn’t need to know how much I’d been thinking about the interactions I’d witnessed between Roman and the rest of them and that my suspicions were growing against one or two of them. Or three. Then again, maybe they all had motives, aside from Denver.
I wouldn’t ever believe something like this of my boyfriend even if he confessed.
Instead of taking me up on my suggestion, however, the sheriff grunted one more time and scowled at Danny. He jerked his thumb toward the door and she followed when he turned to walk away, grinning at me again like I had nothing to worry about.
I almost believed her, until Sheriff Green paused and spun back toward me as if in afterthought. “Don’t leave town, Miss Moore,” he said. Danny sighed heavily and pushed against him, manhandling the much larger sheriff toward the door while I hugged myself, acutely aware of the fact Danny had brought up the crux of the matter.
Whether an accident or premeditated murder, Roman Ellis died exactly as Juliet Princely had. 
I didn’t believe in coincidence.

***

Chapter Eleven

The last thing I wanted to do was join the others and face their judgments and grief, but Denver lingered with them and I was in serious need of comforting in that moment. I drifted to his side, taking his hand, while Larry, shoulders tight and face a mask of grief, glanced my way.
“I should have never agreed to this.” He swallowed hard, reiterating what he’d been saying all along. “Maybe then Roman wouldn’t…” Larry choked, shook his head. “This is horrible. They think it might be murder?”
All eyes turned to me, though I was positive they’d each heard Danny Nice’s announcement to the sheriff. “We’ll know more when the coroner is done with her investigation,” I said, feeling weird saying something like that, as though being part of the whole mess made me some kind of authority. Dealing regularly with the dead didn’t make me an expert on police work, not by any stretch. I had zero illusions about my ability or skill in that arena. Give me a good old-fashioned haunting or unexplained phenomena any day. Murder? I shivered a little, leaning into Denver. Not my department.
“I can’t believe this is happening.” Naomi had shed enough tears her voice was thick with them, eyes red, hands shaking. She seemed to have forgotten her attack against me of a few minutes ago, staring at the floor as though lost somewhere else none of us could follow. When she finally did look up, her full lower lip trembling, more tears welling in her big, dark eyes, she seemed very young to me, far younger than the mid-twenties I knew her to be. “What are we going to do without him?”
Noah hugged his sister, grim but oddly not appearing sad, just determined. “We’ll figure it out,” he said. “The show will go on, Nomi.”
Clara exhaled explosively, jaw jumping, one thick hand running through her already messy pink hair, the longer top now standing up in places. “This is a disaster.” She appeared harried, distraught, but when she continued speaking it was clearly not over Roman in particular. “I’m now tied to two murder investigations. I’m ruined.”
No one commented on the selfishness of that particular viewpoint, though I was surprised Naomi didn’t say anything. On the other hand, the way Emma stood, arms around herself, entire tall, slim body trembling, made me wonder why Roman’s girlfriend didn’t protest the rather callous attitude of the visiting producer. I suppose we were all in shock, so it made sense in a way. However, I was fairly certain if it had been Denver found dead at the foot of the staircase, I’d be pretty protective of the fact he didn’t deserve to die.
Maybe that was the problem. I just proved to myself I really wasn’t a nice person at heart.
Sheriff Green left his conversation near the door, Danny Nice departing as the burly policeman approached us with an unhappy expression animated by the dancing bounce of his handlebar mustache. “I expect everyone to stay in town,” he said. “Y’all are in the SeaBreeze Motel on the highway?” I nodded along with the others, though Larry shrugged. “Mr. Princely, I’ll ask you to keep the plantation house closed for the duration of the investigation.” Larry didn’t seem surprised, but nor was he happy, though whether over the continuing loss of revenue or the death of his friend I wasn’t sure. Yet another reason to believe my empathy for the human race needed a bit of updating. “I’ll have more questions for all of you after Danny—Miss Nice—makes a determination on the death.” He nodded to us before turning on one heel and marching away, dismissing us with that simple gesture.
There wasn’t much else to do at that point but go back to our room and wait. When Denver tried to retrieve his equipment, however, the sheriff instantly stopped him and the others from taking anything.
“I need copies of all the footage,” he said. “And nothing leaves this house until I get to the bottom of things.”
My boyfriend wasn’t happy leaving our stuff behind but there wasn’t much to be done about it. Instead, quiet and lost in our own little worlds of thought and feeling, Denver and I departed, the van’s air conditioning again full blasting me into a headache that couldn’t be entirely blamed on the new car smell.
The SeaBreeze was like any other strip motel, incorrectly named without a scrap of the ocean or a breath of wind to be had, tucked just off the highway outside Niceville, a little run-down but clean enough, two rows of double bed boxes framing a small pool in the center with an office and coffee shop on the far end. I’d stayed in a variety of motels like this one over the years, finding it familiar enough, if not really inviting ultimately, I at least felt comfortable in my surroundings. It would have been preferable to stay at Princely House, but that idea was clearly not one that would get a green light anytime soon. Apparently there was no Mayor Olivia Walker here in Niceville to ensure everything ran smoothly for the tourists to the detriment of the sheriff’s department.
I followed Denver into our room, the plastic triangle attached to our room key making a hollow rattling sound on the side table as he dumped it while I closed the door behind us. The moment I did he was at my side, hugging me tight, lips on my cheek, sighing into my ear.
“I was so worried about you,” he said.
Sweet. I nodded, hugged him back. “I’m okay, I promise. Stressful, right?” I tried a little smile as I pulled away, but Denver wasn’t accepting my strong Alice act. He hugged me again then let me go, sitting heavily on the side of the bed. I joined him, holding his hand, while he ran the other over the scruff of his cheek, the harsh sound of skin on stubble loud in the quiet room. The air conditioner chose then to kick in, blast of freezing wind washing over us from the unit under the window, faint rattling as something inside the unit protested having to give us relief from the heat distracting me.
Not so Denver. “I know you and Fee are good friends,” he said, hesitant as he spoke, glancing at me out of the corner of his eyes as if he wasn’t sure how what he was about to say was going to go over. I frowned a little, but nodded. “I just know how brave she is and how she’s always poking her nose into investigations back home and I worry you might decide you want to do the same.” That rushed out of him so fast I had to process the words in a rapid string before the truth of what he said hit home.
I hugged his arm, shaking my head, despite the fact, to be honest, I was feeling a little annoyed at his attitude. I’d had to take care of myself most of my life, had bowed to authority so often it became my default. That was, until this adventure that was, quite frankly, Denver’s fault. Still, it was lovely to have him worry about me and hadn’t I been thinking the same thing, that I wasn’t Fiona Fleming and didn’t want to be?
“I investigate the dead,” I said by way of reassurance, patting his knee. “The kind that go bump in the night. Not fresh bodies.” Denver didn’t seem completely sold. “Trust me, I wish anyone else had found Roman.” My boyfriend suddenly lost his nervous expression and shifted into serious concern, embracing me all over again, rocking me a little while the air conditioner chugged and rattled in the quiet.
“Are you okay?” He let me go at last. “Really?”
I nodded, shrugged. Oddly, I was. “It’s a tragedy when someone dies, Denver,” I said, “but it’s obvious there was no love lost. While I didn’t wish Roman ill,” mostly true, “I’m not shedding tears about it.”
He sighed softly, shoulders slumping. “Life’s so short.”
He could say that again.
“I’m going to get a look at the footage,” he said. “I have to send what I have to the sheriff.”
Right. Everything had been recorded remotely in the van.
“I’ll get us something cold to drink.” I kissed his cheek, rose when he did, went to the door. I left him in the van, hunched over his computer, and headed toward the office and the vending machine, digging in my pocket for change for a pair of sodas.
It was impossible to miss the sound of raised voices, two women if I was hearing correctly, and I automatically slowed, then stopped at the corner of the last room, peeking around the concrete into the dim underpass where my destination awaited. I didn’t want to interrupt Naomi and Emma, hesitating because I also felt badly eavesdropping but ended up doing so anyway, hovering and waiting for them to move on so I could just get on with my own things, thank you.
Which was why I got to witness the entirety of their argument up close and personal.
“He told me you weren’t together anymore.” Naomi’s fury was obvious, her face twisted with it, hands fisted at her sides. “I swear it.” She seemed angrier than earlier, her sadness replaced by the woman scorned.
If she was upset, Emma’s state could only be expressed as irate. I’d never seen anyone’s face turn that red, though she didn’t scream, per se. Her body did, however, even if her voice stayed at a more reasonable level, despite the vibration in it.
“He lied to both of us,” she snarled. “I can’t believe I trusted him. All this time. I blamed the other women, but you know what?” One fist struck her thigh with a loud thunk. “He lied. It was him all along. I’m glad the jerk is dead.”
The heavy silence that followed her statement, filled with the shocked and yet agreeable nod from Naomi, struck me as a rather solid motive for murder. It was only after Emma managed to exhale a shaking breath and catch herself from the rage that seemed ready to consume her that the pair of them noticed I was there, at the exact same moment.
It was immediately obvious they both thought I’d been snooping on purpose, the sour and blame-filled looks they settled into such a match for one another I wondered if they’d somehow become energetically linked. I found myself stuttering and stammering, shaking my head, trying to deny this whole incident that looked about as bad as it could under the circumstances.
Not that it mattered. Emma, her long hair tossed back over her shoulder, stormed by me without a word, lips in a thin line. Naomi paused, however, hands sliding into the front pockets of her shorts, watching Emma go with a speculative look.
I wasn’t the only one thinking in terms of suspects, then. That made me feel a little better.
The vending machines gave me a good excuse to be there, since they’d been my target all along. I purchased the two cans of soda I’d come for, retrieving them from the slot and turned to find Naomi looking at me, her anger mostly faded.
“It sounds bad, doesn’t it?” She sighed, rubbing both hands over her face before returning them to her pockets. She suddenly seemed tired, worn thin. I didn’t respond, the cold cans pressed against my chest like a shield between us. “I didn’t tell the sheriff about Roman and me and I don’t plan on it. But maybe I should talk to him about her.” Naomi hesitated, then shot me a small, sad smile. “I’m sorry about earlier. I was pretty upset.”
I bobbed a startled nod, not expecting this from her at all but grateful none the less. “I understand,” I said, breathless.
“You won’t say anything?” Ah, so that was her motivation for kindness. How tragic. I shrugged, sagging inside as understanding took the moment of hope she might actually care what I thought and crushed it underfoot. “If Noah finds out… he’ll lose it.” She shook her head then, tossed her hands. “Thanks, Alice. I have to get back.” Naomi left, head down, long strides carrying her out of my view quickly, while I stood in the shade next to the humming machines and did my best not to feel like I’d been bribed with kindness to keep my mouth shut.

***

Chapter Twelve

When I returned to the van and delivered Denver’s drink, following him and his laptop into the room now that he’d downloaded the footage he needed, I almost informed him of what I’d overheard. He was deep into his work, however, distracted enough by the video feed he reviewed I decided to stay quiet. After all, he’d just finished asking me to be careful and stay out of it, and I’d agreed that was my plan. It wasn’t my fault I’d stumbled over some evidence that perhaps the sheriff really needed to know.
Was it?
As I sat next to my boyfriend for the next several hours, yawning from lack of sleep, waiting to hear from the sheriff one way or the other, I waffled back and forth between guilt over having knowledge I’d honestly not gone looking for and keeping it to myself and reaching out to the sheriff after all, if only to clear my conscience. The back and forth struggle went on for quite some time, my chest aching from the tension it caused. It was honestly only the presence of the man I loved that kept me from taking action. I stared at his dear face and finally sighed out the stress, drawing my line in the sand with the guilt that I really didn’t deserve to feel.
This wasn’t my responsibility. Roman’s death was in the hands of the sheriff. Local law enforcement could uncover the truth without my assistance. I caught my hands clenching in my lap to replace the anxiety I’d released with a long exhale and knew the internal battle was far from over.
Except. I knew firsthand that while on occasion offering help when unsolicited was accepted with gratitude, I’d had enough encounters where attempting to supply assistance had only ended in heartache and grief. There had been times as a child I’d had a sense of fair play that led me to speak out when I saw someone being mean or doing something they shouldn’t. Thefts and bullying happened frequently in foster care situations. I’d never once been rewarded for speaking up, though. If anything, I’d made myself a pariah in the estimations of the other children I’d been forced to live with.
I learned early on to keep my mouth shut and mind my own business. No, I didn’t like it, not even a little bit. Old lessons were hard to unlearn, especially when I didn’t feel as though I had the support I needed to take a stand. If I was going to be completely honest with myself, I realized it wasn’t until I worked with Fee Fleming I really had support and confidence sharing what I knew with another person. That went for Crew Turner, as well, and now my darling Denver.
Though, did I feel confident telling him what I knew? I chewed my lower lip, grateful he had no idea what was going on in my head at the moment because the answer was no.
Which meant, apologies to Fee and Roman and my own sense of right and wrong, I would be keeping what I learned to myself.
End of story.
The hours of footage took a while to peruse, though personally I wouldn’t have bothered. It wasn’t as though we had much else to do, however, and it was a way to pass the day. Denver made a copy of everything we had once we reviewed the lack of evidence he’d captured and handed it off to the deputy who’d come to retrieve it.
Dinner at the coffee shop was quiet, the others nowhere to be found, and I retired early, curling up against the man I loved and sighing out the last of my tension, certain I’d struggle to get to sleep and right on that count despite my weariness.
Denver softly snored his way through the night while I found myself waking in fits and starts, uncomfortable inside and outside. The bed really was horrendous, far too hard for my liking, but it was my inner turmoil that kept me from the rest I so desperately needed. My decision to stay quiet and out of the investigation, keeping evidence to myself, wasn’t sitting well with me, not at all. I kept thinking about Fee for some reason, seeing her face, the judgment in her eyes despite knowing she would never, ever judge me.
I finally sighed into the icy air of the room, scowling at the ceiling while Denver twitched beside me, and made that apparition of my redheaded friend a promise. First thing in the morning I’d go see the sheriff and tell him about the arguments I’d witnessed. Not just Naomi and Emma, was it? Roman had been on and off sparring with everyone. Knowing Noah’s temper, too, if he did find out his sister was engaged in an inappropriate relationship with their boss, he might have done something stupid.
Only then was I able to sleep.
I didn’t say anything to Denver over breakfast, keeping the plan to myself. The last thing I wanted to do was worry him, though I was aware that secrets from the man I loved wasn’t necessarily the best way to foster a healthy relationship. It wasn’t that I was doing anything wrong, was it? I just wanted to tell the sheriff what I knew, like any responsible citizen. I still had no desire to insert myself into the investigation. This was simply a reveal of what I’d stumbled over.
Why then didn’t I feel better about it and why didn’t I feel comfortable telling Denver?
We were both quiet, Denver digging into his bacon and eggs, while I sipped my coffee and watched the news report playing on the TV over the counter. The reporter, a chipper looking young woman with hair far too blonde to not have come from a bottle, spoke over a “Ghost Murder” headline, making me wince. This was local television, though, so it made sense she’d play up the Juliet Princely angle. I couldn’t hear the bulk of what she said, but the very fact the station decided to go in that direction was sigh-worthy. I forced my gaze away from the screen and noted my knuckles had gone white around the grip on my coffee mug.
I exhaled, shifting myself deeper into the plastic bench of the booth where we sat, glancing out the window into the morning sunlight while Denver answered texts. My own phone buzzed and I checked the messages, surprised to find it was from an old friend.
Heard you were in a pickle. Shani Busch was one of the only other mediums I trusted, though her methods were more historical and research based than sensory like mine. Still, she’d been helpful a time or two and I had learned I could bring her problems if I needed to without having to worry she might turn it against me. Need anything?
I glanced at Denver, my boyfriend lost in his phone, and made a decision. A terrible, terrible decision. Can you look into Juliet Princely for me? I chewed my lower lip, telling myself I was asking, not because of Roman’s death, but because I was still here for a job, right? I don’t trust the history the family gave me. Maybe Roman’s death was tied to the long-dead girl. And, if you wouldn’t mind, a bit of background on the descendants. In other words, Alice Moore, poke your nose into Larry Princely. That was definitely a step in the direction of not minding my own business.
Will do. I could just picture Shani, her tiny frame dwarfed by the big, electric wheelchair she wielded like a weapon, her pale red hair braided carefully, equally pale eyes intent. She was probably smiling because she was much more the busybody than I’d ever been. I’m curious myself. Confirmation of the reason she contacted me. I’d blame it all on her if it came down to things, and Shani would happily take it. I’ll get back to you. Stay safe.
Oddly, her support made me feel better, and not just about the investigation itself. There were times I felt very alone, lost in darkness and solitude, if only because of my history. I had to remind myself, however, I had backup to call on these days. I’d cited the fact it was Fee and Crew who first made me feel like I could be honest and share what I knew but that wasn’t exactly true. Old connections like Shani were there to support me, too. I glanced up at my boyfriend who chose that exact moment to meet my eyes and smile that delicious smile of his, cheerful and open. I wasn’t alone. I had him and friends like Shani, Fee, who cared about me and wanted the best for me.
If only that good feeling could have lingered a little longer. Instead, the front door of the coffee shop opened and Sheriff Green came through, the deep scowl on his face telling me in no uncertain terms Danny Nice had come to a conclusion that ruined his morning.
“Miss Moore,” he stopped at our booth, paunch bouncing, mustache doing its wriggle of disapproval, “if you’ll come with me? I need to ask you more questions about the murder of Roman Ellis.”

***

Chapter Thirteen

It was a short trip to the sheriff’s office, though not exactly a comfortable one. Denver had been denied his request to join me and I found myself alone in the back seat of the sheriff’s cruiser, steel cage between the two of us, not exactly a passenger but not precisely under arrest, either. He’d refrained from handcuffs, but I was still confined, and that fact made me distinctly nervous, bringing up the sort of memories that raised sweat on my upper lip and churned deep inside me. I considered asking for a lawyer, though the one I’d been assigned in Des Moines hadn’t exactly been the sort of reliable public defender who took his client’s cases seriously. I’d been let down by the system and that alcoholic older gentlemen whose name I didn’t even remember any longer, handed over to my prison sentence without anything resembling a defense.
No, lawyers weren’t in my good books, and yet. If I was going to be arrested, I really needed to have someone there to witness the act. The fact this was utterly ridiculous and there was no grounds for any concern as far as things went, it was impossible not to flash back to the past and the expectation I’d be found guilty despite my true innocence, my gullibility the only reason I’d done as I was told without knowing I was doing it. That made my conscience clear of crime, no matter what the law said to the contrary. I would not allow myself to fall into any kind of trap set for me by the sheriff or his need to make this go away fast.
It happened before, hadn’t it? 
Very well, then. I had to trust this time I was more capable of taking care of myself, no longer a terrified eighteen year old who didn’t know to keep her mouth shut. Sure, I was only twenty four now, but so much had happened between then and now, I reassured myself I could handle this with expedience and confidence.
That’s why I couldn’t stop shaking.
Using, “I want a lawyer,” as a mantra, one I planned to deliver out loud as soon as we reached the office, I held still and quiet in the back seat and focused on surviving the next little while. When we finally did park outside the squat building the 70’s left behind, the dim interior low ceilinged with tiles that used to be white, buzzing florescent lights flashing their despair, the scent of old smoke lingering and telling me why exactly the ceiling was that particular shade of yellow, I struggled to breathe, to focus, to defend myself. That’s how I found myself seated in the sheriff’s small, brown paneled office, lawyerless after all, the scuffed industrial tiles under my sneakers sticking to the rubber, the metal chair with its ancient fabric cover fraying more than a little.
“Now, Miss Moore,” Sheriff Green said, “we’re going to talk a bit about your record.”
He had a file on the desk in front of him, one meaty hand settling firmly on the surface. I knew where this was going. Typically, I’d be nervous, anxious. For some reason, being in that ancient place time forgot in this ridiculous position with a caricature of a sheriff ready to arrest me for murder with zero proof to his name, I found a level of self-confidence hitherto fore unknown in the heart of Alice Moore.
“Sheriff,” I said, “before I ask for a lawyer, I have some information for you.” As he gaped at me like he never expected a grown woman to know her rights, I launched into all of the events I witnessed, from Roman’s argument with Larry to the fake ghost and on to the conflicts between Emma and Naomi, as well as Noah’s history of assaulting those who paid attention to his sister.
I knew very well Reading’s sheriff, Crew Turner, wasn’t a fan of Fee poking her nose into cases. However, she’d proved herself immensely helpful, as far as I was concerned, and despite everything she’d been through and the trouble she’d escaped and endured, he’d come around to her way of thinking. I suppose it helped her father had been sheriff in our town for a long time and that she had, at least, training in investigations if only through osmosis and her particular bloodline. I hoped, as I unfurled the details of my discoveries, I might at least win some kind of bonus points with Sheriff Green, not necessarily sending him off on another line of questioning but at least proving I was only trying to be helpful.
I did note, however, as I wrapped up my carefully planned layers of revelation, his response wasn’t exactly to my expectations. In fact, if I didn’t know better, I’d worry he might have been suffering a heart attack the way his body clenched, his cheeks turning bright red, the purple veins in his broad nose pulsing faintly, eyebrows now bushing up as his mustache did. He looked rather like a teddy bear about to throw a temper tantrum and I have to admit I was rather astonished when he leaned suddenly forward and thudded both fists down on his desk top.
Silence descended, naturally, though I still couldn’t seem to muster anxiety. How odd. Perhaps I was in shock or suffering some mental break. Whatever the reason for my calm and collected state of mind, he was a far cry from that himself.
“You,” he grunted, barely able to get the words out as he spluttered around obvious anger, “are not a deputy, missy.” I knew that, naturally. “You are a murder suspect.”
There were times (most times) when I quickly bowed to authority, when I knew I was wrong and simply didn’t have the heart to fight back. Fights I knew I would never win, when taking my punishment or banishment or settling for second best was simply the way life worked for me. In that moment, I felt an old, restrictive belief snap inside my chest, hitting me almost as hard as a fist’s blow, cracking the shell of protection I kept around myself and sending it cascading around me. Freedom, sweet liberty, begun with my stand against the man I was now accused of murdering, erupted from my insides in a gushing geyser of self-identity I’d never before experienced and, in that instant of rebirth, I faced down the man in front of me and my entire being said, “No!”
I think I even said it out loud. I’m not positive. I do know, however, my instant of wakefulness wasn’t Sheriff Green’s required response to being accused of murder. If the man could have gotten away with his own homicide, I’m positive no one would ever have seen me again. Still not afraid. No, highly elated and rather tingly, as though some drug had been dumped into my system and taken over my good sense.
No, my old sense. I was innocent and I’d done my time for Sadie’s crime.
“I’ll take that lawyer now,” I said.
He hummed and snarled and growled and asked questions I refused to answer for several hours before finally letting me go. Mind you, I was powerfully aware I could easily have stood up and left the room and there would have been nothing he could do to stop me. That level of giddy awareness elevated my high and I rode it like a champion, absorbing it, becoming it. Sheriff Gary Green had no idea why I beamed at him, why I laughed as I asked over and over for legal representation, why I made light of his questions. I do know, and can tell you, the absolutely devastating effect my shift of consciousness had on him.
Part of me did feel badly about it later, if I’m going to remain utterly transparent about my evolutionary surge. I quite literally emasculated the man, refusing to be bullied or angry or afraid of his attempts to question me. I barely remember anything he asked me, though I do recall at one point thinking about how Crew Turner was the only sheriff I’d ever encountered—retired John Fleming not withstanding—who treated me like a human being and not a record. The more Sheriff Green maneuvered and prodded and poked, the more pathetic he seemed to me until, finally, with a grim expression and popping a handful of what looked like heartburn tablets, he chased me from his office.
“Don’t leave town!” He slammed his door behind me and left me there to find my own way back to the motel.
I waved to the two young deputies who watched with amazed expressions as I quite literally sauntered out of the office and into the street. I’d never actually sauntered before and maybe the sashay of my step didn’t qualify for someone else, but it fit what I felt was the definition of such a powerful way of walking so I claimed it and continued on.
I could have called Denver. He would have come to get me and since I had my phone with me it would have been simple enough. I felt like walking, though, like trying out this strut of powerful self-possession, a grin on my face, my heart and spirit lighter than I’d ever known.
How glorious the day was, the heat not even a bother, the bright sun overhead shining just for me. I crossed the street leading toward the motel and noticed, just up ahead, a destination I’d already been invited to visit. Knowing it would infuriate the good sheriff, giggling to myself about the reaction he’d have if he knew I was walking through those doors, I strode with purpose and head high into the cool, dark interior of Nice Funeral Services.

***

Chapter Fourteen

The lovely lady behind the desk at the front of the parlor greeted me with a charming smile. Her sparkling brown eyes, warm behind her glasses, might not have been appropriate to some considering where she was employed, but I grinned and nodded to Judy Tucker, as her small metal nametag identified her, and bobbed a nod in return.
“How can I help you, dear?” She had the kind of sweet, melodic voice that told me if she was a singer she’d be an alto. Her tidy gray hair, tucked smoothly behind both ears, looked freshly styled, her black cardigan doing nothing to hide the fact her bright pink shell underneath had playful kittens on it. I liked her instantly.
“I’m looking for Danny,” I said. “She’s not really expecting me, but she asked me to stop in.”
“I’m sure it’s fine, dear,” Judy said, waving for me to continue on down the long, dark carpeted hall toward a pair of large doors at the far end. “Take a left before the main chapel, the door marked ‘Mortuary’. Can’t miss it.”
Well, that was friendly of her and boded well. “Thanks.” I followed her instructions, wondering if this new attitude of mine might actually mean my interactions with others had shifted, too. Then again, I’d also liked Danny the moment we met so it seemed logical her staff were probably good people.
Soft music piped through the ceiling, the quiet of the funeral home not so much creepy as it was soothing. For someone who’d spent her whole life dealing with the dead, I found this place rather relaxing. It also said a lot for Danny and her family that despite the fact I was in a place of final rest, not a single spirit made an appearance.
I did hesitate as I reached for the brushed nickel doorknob on the heavy wooden door Judy had indicated. What if this newfound self-connection spelled the end to my particular talents? I exhaled slowly, panic from that thought leaving as fast as it came. If so, I’d deal with it, but I could hardly make myself believe whatever gift it was that gave me the ability to help the dead would be stripped away when I finally found myself.
The hallway behind the door was short, utilitarian, a single bulb in a plain fixture overhead leading to a set of stairs, another door on either side before the top step. I followed the arrow leading to the mortuary and slowed as I came to the bottom, the big metal door wide open and more music playing, though the energetic beat of the old 80’s rock ballad Danny bopped to while she hovered over the body on her slab belied the gravity of her job.
She looked up, goggles over her eyes, beaming a smile at me and waving for me to join her. One gloved hand reached for a remote and turned the music down, her small body swamped in a white lab coat. I stopped at the threshold, shivering, the faint outline of a woman hovering behind Danny’s right shoulder. She didn’t seem to notice, not that I was surprised, though I was acutely aware that the woman’s figure appeared a match to the body on the slab.
Echoes lingered. It was a fact of life. Whatever the energetic aftereffect of the loss of spirit created, it showed up in the newly dead as these hazy and indistinct images of the person who was. I knew from experience she’d disappear when the body was laid to rest, but it still made me sad for her and took the edge off the buzz of effervescence that had dominated me since my encounter with the sheriff.
“Come on in, Alice.” Danny set her goggles aside but continued her work on the body as I slowly entered and joined her at a respectful distance, keeping Danny between me and the echo. The last thing I needed was to catch her attention and feed her any kind of additional energy. The woman deserved to go to her rest. Yes, I’d made that mistake in the past and I had promised my fourteen-year-old self at the funeral of one of my foster parents I would never, ever do that again.
Disturbing enough as a child to have to see the dead. Giving them a reason to stay? Horrific.
Danny remained oblivious, her attitude perky but her attention to the body respectful and kind. “I didn’t expect to see you so soon.” She squinted at me, lips twisting. “You talk to Gary yet?”
I grinned back. “He talked, I asked for a lawyer. It went about as expected.”
She laughed at that, dark ponytail shivering down her back, narrow shoulders jumping. “He means well, I swear.” Danny sighed and leaned away from the body, tugging the sheet covering the woman’s form up over her face, an almost tender expression crossing hers for a moment. When she met my eyes again, hers were serene. “He’ll come around when he realizes you just want to help.”
“Sounds like you’re speaking from experience.” I crossed my arms over my chest to keep from shivering again as the woman’s echo circled Danny slowly and vanished.
“You better believe it.” Danny blew at a stray hair that had escaped her pony, stripping her gloves finally to do a better job of tucking the offending piece away. She didn’t seem to notice or care we were chatting over the body of a dead woman so I trusted I wasn’t intruding on something I shouldn’t have been. “I’ve helped him a few times in the past. Even caught a murderer or two.” She winked, white teeth flashing. “You want to know the truth, I love it here.” She looked around the room, shrugged. “I’ve been working with death my whole life. Not like you.” She eye rolled and laughed again, tiny body shivering with it. “I’m probably the least sensitive person on the planet, when it comes to all the ghosty stuff.” She wiggled her fingers at me, making a soft, “oooh!” sound like she was a spirit herself. I laughed in response, loving her attitude. “But honestly? The investigation part? My jam, down to the ground.” She tilted her head, perky all over again. “So, what can I do for you, Miss Alice freaking Moore?”
“I’d love to know what you found out about Roman’s fall.” You will note I was investigating the murder of Roman Ellis when I’d distinctly told my boyfriend I would not. Well, that had been then, and this, this was right now in the moment when I wasn’t the girl who held back. I might never hold back ever again.
Danny immediately left the body and went to the desk behind her, fishing out a file she brought to me. I leafed through the autopsy report, glancing at her notes about the injuries, but listening to her while she filled me in with a crisp professionalism that still had that happy-go-lucky Danny all over it.
“The fall definitely killed him,” she said. “I found outward signs of assault, a bruise that took a bit to form completely, so I’m reasonably certain it was acquired anti-mortem, likely just before the fall.” She pointed out the large bruise on his stomach, rounded in shape. “Looks like the imprint of a shoe.” She took a step back, demonstrated a front kick that could explain the mark, before resuming her normal position while my own stomach contracted in sympathy. Could such a kick and his subsequent tumble account for the sounds I’d heard prior to finding him? More than likely. “Hard to tell the size of the foot, rather medium. Could be either a man or a woman, so no help there, I’m afraid.”
“So not Juliet Princely,” I said, knowing the answer before she gave it.
Danny groaned softly. “Sorry, more than likely you’re looking for a living assailant, as much as I wish otherwise.” She laughed at that. “Then again, he could have been in an altercation prior to the fall and simply slipped on his own, but I made the call anyway because someone assaulted him.” That sounded fair to me, especially considering the sounds I’d heard prior to finding his body. “I examined the soles of Mr. Ellis’s shoes, noting the lack of tread and that the steps themselves are wood without carpeting. It was straight-forward to conclude he was kicked and slipped. He struck what looked to be the second to last stair against his C4 vertebra, which led to spinal shock and a sudden drop in blood pressure leading to death. By the time his head struck the floor and fractured the occipital bone, he was already gone.” She shifted from one foot to the other, hands in the pockets of her lab coat. “Liver temp and lividity confirm he died where he fell just before you found him.” She winced. “Sorry about that.”
I nodded thanks for her kindness as she went on.
“Likely aside from the killer you’re the only other person who encountered him. You must have stumbled over him just after his fall.”
I could only hope my bad luck streak had finally come to an end. “You really don’t think I did it.”
Danny stared me dead in the eyes, no pun intended, and asked me point blank. “Did you kill him?”
“No.” The thought of taking a life when I was so tied to the dead was almost laughable and horrifying. “I already struggle with spirits. Imagine if I killed someone?” I’d be haunted forever.
Danny nodded then, firm and content with my answer. “And I’ll be letting Sheriff Green know it, don’t you worry.” She took the file back from me. “So not definitive if it was murder, per se, but definitely assisted, so minimum manslaughter.”
“Not an accident,” I said.
She made a face that told me she’d considered that question. “Maybe if it wasn’t such an obvious bruise. But it looks to me like someone kicked him hard enough at the top of the steps to do him at least serious injury. That’s no accident.” Danny slipped the file back into the slot and crossed her arms, leaning against the desk. “From what I hear, Roman Ellis had a lot of people who didn’t like him very much. I checked out his website and the series and there’s a ton of threats, people who called him a fraud. Even his own crew seemed to fight with him in every episode.”
“I’m not sure how much of that is actually for show and what’s real.” For a moment I wondered what I was doing. This really wasn’t my strength and I didn’t care what happened to Roman, if I was going to be totally honest. There was something in Danny’s excited speculations that reminded me of Fee, though, and I rather enjoyed her company and didn’t want to leave just yet. That meant a furtherance of breaking my promise to Denver. He’d forgive me. If he ever found out.
Danny shrugged, returning to the body she’d been working on. I followed her as she went back to work, knowing it was probably time to leave.
“If you say so.”
I’ve been known to be awkward in the past, an old and lingering ache tied to my need to connect to others, but I knew better now. This freedom I’d won, the shattering of my shell, made me realize I wasn’t so hesitant to be me anymore.
“I hope you don’t get in trouble for answering my questions.” I would have hated to make her life harder.
Danny just laughed, her protective glasses back in place, new gloves pulled out of the box beside her. “Not a chance. I’m the only game in town and my family has had this parlor for generations. If Gary Green wants to keep his job, he’ll listen to me.”
I left then with thanks, thinking about the mysterious Patterson family back home, finding it hard not to compare Danny and the Nice bloodline to that same setup though, from what I’d discovered here, I didn’t so much mind the turning of the tables and found it very hard to believe the kind and bubbly young woman I’d just met or anyone in her family could be anything like the troublesome first family of Reading.

***

Chapter Fifteen

As I walked back to the motel, I wondered if the footage from Roman’s cameras had caught his fall at least. Since one of the lenses was pointed at the stairs, surely his death was captured digitally. Perhaps even the assailant’s foot would also be in evidence. I was already aware Denver’s equipment hadn’t seen anything, both pointed in the wrong direction, however if I could listen to the footage, now that I knew about the assault, perhaps some sound could help identify who had kicked Roman down the steps.
If he was struck before the fall and had somehow slipped, perhaps that could be ascertained in the same manner. However, I was more and more suspicious Danny had the right of things, and that the faint scuffling sounds and the soft thud that I’d heard were, in fact, the strike of a shoe against his softer flesh, the more distant and final sound that of him landing on the stairs and floor.
If only I’d been closer prior to the incident… I entered the driveway for the motel and headed for my room, fishing my key out of my pocket, noting the van was parked in front of our door, Denver likely worried about me and I’d failed to let him know I was all right. It was enough to trigger guilt despite my new-found lightness of being, not just for neglecting to inform him of my safety but that I’d been digging into things he asked me to avoid.
I paused before going inside, a faint quiver of excitement startling me. Perhaps this was what Fee felt when she investigated murders, this thrill of curiosity, the firing up of imagination that led her to putting her life in danger. While I enjoyed the thrill of curiosity when it came to uncovering truths about the dead, I’d never thought to apply it to the living. This wasn’t me, not in the least. Or, I should say, hadn’t been until, it seemed, Sheriff Green succeeded where I had failed all these years to set me loose from the confines of my past.
It would be easy to slide back into the woman I was, though, and I considered it, hand on the knob to the motel room I shared with Denver, the heat of the Florida late morning beating down on my back, that wriggling bubble of what if bouncing around in my tummy tempting me to dive head first into this new way of being Alice Moore. I could retreat, rebuild my walls, go back to doing things the way I always had. Except, as I stood there and thought about it, I realized there was no return to that caged and lonely woman.
What would this mean for my love for Denver? Another faint moment of panic, though it died easily and effortlessly. I wasn’t going to just stop loving him. If anything, I loved him more, seemed as though I was capable of it for the first time ever. All the feelings I’d had for him were amplified, intense and refreshed. The real question then was how would he react and, once he got to know the real me, would his love change?
Scary in a way, but exciting, too. With that resolution in my heart and a new outlook that meant who knew what for my relationship with Denver, I opened the door.
Was I expecting anything but the sweet and loving greeting I received? The way Denver immediately left his laptop and hurried toward me, engulfing me in a hug with his lips against my forehead, his heart beating just a little too fast? I really should have known better.
“I was so worried.” He let me go, looking down into my eyes, his tight around the corners, the faint line between his brows deeper than usual. “I called the sheriff’s office three times and they wouldn’t tell me anything.”
I sat him down, told him what happened, even attempting to share the amazing expansive experience I’d undergone. I think he understood, or at least accepted, because he didn’t question my positive attitude and nor did he give me grief over my admission I’d shared what I’d learned with the sheriff and stopped in to talk to Danny.
One thing I loved about Denver in the long list of amazing things that made him the best boyfriend I could ever ask for? He was an incredible listener and always waited until I rambled to a full stop before making comments. Today was no exception and when I finally tied up the loose and messy ends of my morning, he sighed deeply, still worried from that dear line between his brows but at least not visibly angry I’d literally gone rogue.
“I want to go back to Princely House,” I said, standing, heading for the door, tugging on his hand as I did. “I need to be absolutely sure, Denver. There’s some kind of device there or proof of fraud. Whatever comes of this, I have to protect my reputation. If I can prove that someone tampered with the haunting and debunk that much, we can at least move on from this with the business undamaged.”
He didn’t argue, the keys to the van jangling in his hand as I led him outside. It wasn’t until Denver was in the driver’s seat, the engine humming to life, that he spoke at last.
“Alice.” He whispered my name, cleared his throat, then went on. “I’m really proud of you.” See? Very best boyfriend in the history of boyfriends ever. “But please.” Ah. Here it came. “Please. You promised.”
I had. “I know,” I said, staring at my hands now twisting in my lap. “I’m sorry. I won’t be accused of something I didn’t do, Denver. I’ve lived that, suffered for it.” By his grandmother’s hand, something I knew he was acutely guilty over despite the fact he had nothing to do with my initial prison term. “I said I’d stay out of it. But I’m not sure that’s going to be possible now.”
Denver didn’t respond, though I did notice his knuckles were white on the steering wheel and the silence between us hung about as heavy as death.
We arrived at Princely House just after lunch, my stomach informing me I should probably have paused to eat something despite my discomfort with my boyfriend’s reminder I’d gone back on my promise. The heat made me slightly nauseated when it hit me the moment I stepped out of the van, so it was probably a good thing I’d missed a meal. I chose to ignore the physiological reaction and instead headed for the front door. The scent of something burning made me pause and, rather than go inside, I followed my nose, Denver right behind me, the pair of us frowning in tandem at the smell.
He might still have been upset, but his own curiosity softened the edges enough he didn’t debate checking into whoever or whatever was behind the smoke.
The well-manicured grounds made it simple enough to circle the large house and, only a minute later, we passed the edge of the greenhouse and into the back garden. A thin column of smoke rose from somewhere past the low stone wall and I followed it, curiosity getting the better of me, though Denver’s hand on my arm did slow me somewhat. I let him take the lead when he stepped in front of me, loving he wanted to keep me safe, knew it was behind the conflict we’d just endured. As we passed through the small iron gate and into the rougher landscape beyond, I caught sight of Larry Princely, his back turned to us, standing next to what looked like an old steel barrel, the source of the rising smoke.
He didn’t notice we were there, tossing papers into the flickering flames that rose from the open top of the drum from a cardboard box at his feet. We were almost beside him before he realized he was no longer alone, jumping and releasing a rather high-pitched exclamation of protest before recovering enough to look guilty.
“None of our business,” I waved off his concerned glance at the box, the barrel and then us. “We’re just here to take one more look in the house, if that’s okay with you?”
Larry seemed to relax, shrugged, tossing more papers into the fire. “Whatever you want,” he said, voice angry as it had been when we first met. “I’m ruined anyway, so it’s not like whatever you find will save my business.”
He had mentioned financial problems, though why he’d be burning paperwork I had no idea. “I’m sorry, Larry.” I really and truly was.
The owner of Princely House exhaled long and slow, staring down at the page in his hand for a long moment. “Me too,” he said. “This was supposed to be a fresh start for me. Instead, it’s a disaster.” Fresh start? What did he mean by that? I didn’t get to ask because he looked up and met my eyes, his tight and filled with frustration. “I trusted Roman. He told me this episode would get him a show, solve all of my financial problems.” Larry looked away again. “I just wish I’d known this place was haunted. There were no problems, nothing. None of the renovation guys mentioned a thing. I knew about Juliet, but it was more of a tourist draw than a detriment as far as I was concerned. History, you know?” I nodded, Denver, too. “When Roman came to see me just after I opened, mentioned he wanted to do a show here, I brushed it off. I didn’t have a ghost for him to hunt. Then, just like that, guests started complaining, reporting sightings and I had to call him.” Larry dropped the last of the papers into the barrel, then disassembled the box, dumping it in, too. “He said he could fix it. I trusted him. I shouldn’t have.” He brushed his hands together, staring in the flames. “Now, I have a money pit, a ghost problem and no way of paying my bills.”
I couldn’t help but empathize, one hand settling on his arm. He glanced at me, surprised from his expression, while I did my best to show my sympathy. “If there’s anything we can do, please let me know. But Larry, I can promise you this. There is no ghost here. The haunting isn’t real. So once things get cleared up, you should be able to open again without worrying.” My head was already spinning, of course. Thinking about Roman’s appearance so soon after Larry opened, the fact the haunting started after he’d arrived, forcing the plantation owner to call Roman for help. All very neat and pat and far too many coincidences that stank far more than the smoke from Larry’s fire and the bog on the other side of the trees for my experience.
Larry didn’t seem willing to shake himself out of his fugue, though. “We’ll see.”
“Where did you meet Roman?” He’d mentioned school, hadn’t he?
The thudding boot steps of an approaching interruption caught all of our attention and meant I didn’t get an answer to my question. Not that it mattered. What did matter was the scowl on Noah’s face as he ignored both Larry and Denver and instead came straight at me to halt with an aggressive posture right in my space.
The old me would have felt intimidated. Instead, I had to resist the urge to chest bump him. What in the world was happening to me?
“I need that equipment back.” He sounded like he thought I should know exactly what he was talking about.
“That’s lovely for you,” I said, internally giggling in shock at my attitude. “Now, if you’d be kind enough to let me know what equipment it is you’re talking about, maybe I can be of assistance.”
Noah’s cheeks darkened, his reaction to me standing my ground clear indication he was already in a bad mood and just wanted someone to take it out on. It certainly wouldn’t end up being me.
“The head cam and harness,” he snapped. Obviously Sheriff Green had given the crew permission to tear down the set. They must have arrived right behind us.
“Both dutifully returned to Andre before the sheriff arrived this morning.” I crossed my arms over my chest while Denver, my dear and darling boyfriend, held his place and let me deal with this.
Noah didn’t look like he believed me. “Andre says you didn’t.” He didn’t sound as convinced anymore, however. He glanced at Denver then back at me, Larry leaving us to walk up the path alone, head down, hands in his pockets. Smoke from the last of the cardboard wafted over me and tickled my nose, threatening a sneeze which I firmly and with no uncertainty ordered not to emerge. It simply would not do for such a ridiculous reaction to interfere with my present state of confidence and composure.
“There’s one way to find out for sure,” Denver said, his mild tone meant, I could only guess, to diffuse Noah further. “Let’s go check the truck.”
Still clearly agitated but willing at least to listen to reason, Noah spun and stalked off, my boyfriend taking my hand in his while we followed the unhappy crew member back to the front of the house while Larry Princely’s finances went up in literal smoke behind us.

***

Chapter Sixteen

I really wanted to glare at Noah, cooking in the Florida heat, as he checked his list and the corresponding box in the back of the Roman Media van, confirming I had, in fact returned his precious camera to Andre shortly after discovering the dead body of his boss at the foot of the stairs. It wasn’t like I could forget such an action. The entirety of the previous hours since falling on top of the lifeless form of the host of Spirit Heroes would remain with me the rest of my life, I was positive. Not something one was likely to forget quickly, despite my wishes to the contrary. I’d been self-possessed enough to accomplish that much, proud of my thoughtful course of action, though apparently Noah wasn’t quite so in control of his mental state as I had been.
“She told you already,” Denver said, his voice low and angry, glancing at me before backing off. Sweet of him to speak up, it was always nice to know he had my best interest at heart, but antagonizing Noah wasn’t helping.
“Fine,” the young crewman grumbled, not meeting my eyes or Denver’s for that matter, while Naomi swiveled on her chair away from the footage she was attending to inside the van proper, a frown creasing her beautiful face. “Whatever.”
Since the argument about the so-called missing equipment hadn’t ended until just that moment, Noah refusing to let go of the incident and vocally declaring only a moment ago if I’d lost his prized possession I’d be paying to replace it, both Naomi and Andre, Denver hovering behind me with an unhappy expression that told me he wasn’t going to keep his mouth shut much longer, were witness to the rather nasty attitude Noah had been sporting.
“Bro,” Naomi said, prodding him with one finger. Her dark eyes met mine, not nearly as antagonistic as I’d been expecting considering her twin’s attitude. “What the actual? Don’t be a jerk.” She prodded him with one foot. “Apologize to Alice. Now.”
While Noah’s confrontational nastiness wasn’t really a surprise, his normally on-side sister’s reaction was. This was a new side to her I’d never seen before, a caring and empathetic Naomi who was putting someone else’s comfort ahead of that of her typical reaction to anyone not agreeing with her brother, whether he was right or wrong. Mind you, if I’d had a twin—or a sibling, as far as that went—I, too, might have been protective of that beloved person’s safety and security. I certainly felt that way about Denver. This was instead a clear deviation from Naomi’s historical interactions with me. Like I’d mentioned, it wasn’t exactly that she was my enemy, but she’d also refrained from any sort of kindness, not to mention respectful attention, prior to my witnessing her fight with Emma. Naomi might have been nurturing good feelings to keep me from revealing what I’d learned, a possibility. It was, however, a tactic that failed because the sheriff now knew everything I knew. The alternative made me pause. Was she starting to warm up to me?
Noah muttered something, turning his back to me. I would have let it go, if I’m going to be frank, if only because it didn’t seem worth the effort to force him to say something he didn’t mean. His sister, on the other hand, wasn’t accepting his dark and stormy brushoff and this time when she poked him it was with the toe of her boot. A boot, I noted, that had fairly significant treads and could pass for a medium sized man’s foot.
“I said fine.” He spun back toward me, dark eyes snapping at his sister, faint hurt there as though he registered her lack of support where normally a staunch wall had his back no longer stood quite so firmly. “Didn’t I? The camera’s here, whatever, it’s over with.”
Digression rarely got me anywhere and all this supposition about the twins was no different. Still, while they faced off with each other, I realized from the long, quiet exchange of glares they shared this wasn’t just about Naomi standing up for me. There was something going on between the twins that had put them at odds and I could only guess it had to do with Roman’s death.
There I went again, digressing.
“It’s my fault.” Andre spoke up in that soft voice of his, flushing as he nodded to me. “Sorry, Alice. I should have marked the sheet as soon as you brought the camera to me. But everything was so crazy and I forgot you brought it back.” He shrugged at Noah who snarled in reply.
“Nice going, Andre,” he snapped. “Make work for me, why don’t you?” He was clearly struggling with something that had nothing to do with the missing camera and everything, I guessed, with that dark and judging expression on his sister’s face.
“As long as the equipment is intact.” I really needed to learn to speak like a normal person and not some weirdo automaton pretending to be a human woman. The words leaped out of me, though, my need to cut off the impeding fight that felt like the crest of a growing storm about to crash into me triggering my instinctual drive to soothe those around me.
Noah spun without commenting, brushing past me on his way out the door of the van. He stalked off, his boots, I noted, matching Naomi’s and leading my thoughts down all kinds of roads to curiosity and possibility that it likely shouldn’t have been traversing.
Their conflict still lingered in my mind while Denver’s hand fell on my shoulder when he glanced toward where Noah stopped to talk to Clara, just now exiting the plantation house front door. “He’s been in better humor.”
Naomi shrugged, though she looked concerned as we watched her brother’s heated exchange with the producer. They were hissing in each other’s faces, Clara’s flaming red, Noah punctuating his points with jerking gestures that concerned me they were about to come to blows. “He’s uptight about the whole thing. We all are. Excuse me.” She leaped down out of the van and hurried toward the arguing pair, putting herself between them. I turned back in time to see Andre watching Naomi with that particular expression that told me exactly how he felt about her, even if she didn’t return his affections in the same way.
He caught me watching and blushed again, turning back to his monitor. On impulse, I found myself asking a question that probably shouldn’t have been any of my business.
“Andre,” I said, “did you know about Naomi and Roman? Being together, I mean?” I didn’t need to be so blatant, instantly regretting my inability to act like a regular person and not create more discomfort by allowing my mouth to run away with me. It was clear he’d understood the first question, after all. He twitched instantly, spinning back to fix me with a misery-laden look of hangdog broken heartedness. I really didn’t need to prod him further and forced myself to stop talking already.
Denver’s hand tightened on my shoulder, helping to that end whether he knew it or not. Though if he’d done so in support or protest of my inquiry I wasn’t sure. Andre, however, didn’t seem to mind answering, his gaze again going to the beautiful coworker he was clearly in love with.
“Roman was just using her.” There was enough bitterness under his words resentment was an obvious tormentor in Andre’s existence. “Using all of us.”
What did that mean exactly? I was about to ask when he shook his head and once again turned his back on me. “I know what you’re thinking, but we all had motive. Even you.” Andre brought up a clip of the fight I’d had with Roman after the ghost appeared. “We all know how you felt about him, Alice. He never treated you fairly and every time you worked together it was pretty obvious you didn’t get along. He was a jerk, fine, no one’s contesting that, but I’m not the only one who didn’t like him very much and you’re right in the front run.”
That was absolutely fair and utterly uncalled for, but perhaps I did deserve it after all. “I wasn’t implying anything,” I said. “Andre, I’m more so wondering if Noah knew. He has a temper and you know how protective he is of Naomi.”
Andre hesitated before swinging halfway around and bobbing a heavy nod. The fight between Noah and Clara had mostly broken up, but Naomi was still talking to the two of them in a low voice, lips moving fast, one hand on her brother’s chest, the other held out toward the producer. Whatever she was saying, it seemed to be working. Andre, meanwhile, sighed deeply.
“Noah knew,” he said. “And it’s my fault.”
“Why is that?” Another faint squeeze from Denver told me he wasn’t happy I was going against the promise I’d made. We’d be having another talk shortly about the matter, apparently.
Andre met my eyes, his guilty and sad. “Because I told him.”

***

Chapter Seventeen

Naomi returned at that moment, silencing the tech. A quick glance at the entry showed the two combatants had left the vicinity, neither in sight. Whatever the fight had been about, it was over, for now. Naomi, for her part, slipped back into her seat in the van and confronted me with her arms crossed over her chest as though knowing I’d been asking questions maybe I should have kept to myself.
“Whatever you’re thinking,” she said, a bit of her confrontational standoffishness returning, “you’re wrong. Andre and I were both here in the van when Roman died.” She jabbed him with an elbow. “We have the footage to prove it, right?”
Andre nodded then shrugged, though he remained vocally silent. Protecting Naomi? Or himself?
“Why didn’t you see Roman fall?” My goodness, I was certainly full of questions, wasn’t I? I felt a far cry from my old self and yet relentlessly excited about the promise of who I’d become. Who knew this me resided inside the girl who just wanted to keep the peace and stay out of the way? Maybe Fee had been an influence, but I liked to think I finally just found my feet.
Naomi scowled, but she did answer. “We were busy,” she said, “looking at the earlier footage.” Something about the way she said it, how Andre glanced with clear guilt on his face in her direction, told me they’d been up to something quite different. I couldn’t bring myself to believe they’d been involved in any kind of interpersonal interaction requiring privacy, however, not with the unrequited puppy dog looks Andre had been casting in her direction since I arrived. There was, though, clearly something they were both hiding and not very well.
Noah emerged from the house, waving. “Nomi! I could use some help!”
She sighed and left the van again without a backward look while Andre watched her go. This time, the moment she was out of earshot, he leaned toward me. “There’s something you’re going to want to see.”
Even Denver, as reticent as he’d been during the conversation, not to mention utterly silent but for the faint squeezes of direction he obviously thought might influence me one way or the other, joined me as I accepted Andre’s offer to step into the van. My boyfriend pulled the door shut behind him while the tech brought up a stream of footage he pointed at.
“We really were busy,” he said. “But we did catch the fall.” He sounded sad, regretful, and I caught my breath as I watched in sick fascination as Roman, the only person in view, clearly had some kind of conversation with someone. For a brief moment he leaned forward, only his shoulders and back still in the shot. A second later his body jerked and flew backward, landing hard at the base of the stairs.
I flinched as he fell, hearing again in my memory the soft thud—what must have been the kick—and then the second echoing sound that would have been Roman making fatal contact with the staircase. A glow flickered and, in a rush of light, a ghostly apparition flashed onto the screen before disappearing.
Wait, what? Did Andre just present proof there was a chance Juliet Princely killed Roman?
“Naomi says it’ll make the perfect first episode of the show.” Andre’s voice shook, one hand wiping at sweat beading on his upper lip despite the fact the A/C was running and the interior of the van was actually quite cool.
“That’s a horrifying thought,” I said without thinking.
Andre didn’t comment, Denver murmuring his agreement with me as we all watched the reel replay twice more in utter silence, Roman arguing, falling and then, in that last moment, the ghost appearing and disappearing just as quickly.
“There’s a problem with all of this,” I said, leaning my elbows on the shelf that served as Andre’s computer console. “Roman was kicked, and rather forcefully. That’s why he fell. He has a bruise to prove it. There’s never been any evidence that I’ve been able to uncover that spirits are actually able to deliver blows of that nature. Move objects? Blow out candles? Maybe.” I chewed the hangnail on my left thumb, staring at the flicker of the ghost on the screen while Andre stared at me in clear discomfort. “But to kick someone hard enough to leave a shoe impression?” I leaned back and shook my head, turning to Denver, now, to continue my thought. “I’d have to say that’s pretty impossible.”
My boyfriend’s eyes were unreadable, though again he didn’t argue with me. Did that bode well or ill for the conversation we’d be having when we were alone? At least he was holding our peace until then. Besides, who knew? Perhaps my darling Denver was changing his mind and his own curiosity was getting the better of him, too.
When Denver did speak, it startled me, his voice low and a little angry. “Why didn’t you tell us about this? Alice spent hours at the sheriff’s office being interrogated and you had evidence that the cops needed.”
Andre swallowed hard, glanced at the door behind me. “Naomi and Noah told me not to.” He exhaled heavily, both hands rubbing over his thighs several times as though he fought against the urge to physically express his unhappiness by jumping up and leaving. “We weren’t sure what to do with it at first.” Andre was clearly torn, anguished when he faced us again. “If we show the sheriff, he’ll reveal it and we need to protect the footage.” He looked back and forth between us. “For the show.” That last came out in a bare whisper of guilt and shame, a reiterated line fed to him by the brother and sister duo who could have, as far as I was concerned, been connected to Roman’s death.
“Dude,” Denver said, “that’s cold.” Not to mention immoral. Probably illegal. Definitely disgusting.
Andre shrugged, looked down at his hand now resting silently in his lap. “It’s what Roman would have wanted.”
That did sound like another line and yet, knowing Roman Ellis as I had, Andre was probably 100% correct on that call.
“So you’re going ahead with the show.” I sat back, taking Denver’s hand, gratified he didn’t resist. Maybe he wasn’t mad at me after all, crouching next to me, as focused on Andre’s answer as I was.
“Again, Roman would have wanted us to.” Andre twitched when the door to the van suddenly slid open, Naomi and Noah freezing as their twin gazes took in the footage still on replay, Andre’s guilty expression.
Noah swore rather heartily, turning his back, kicking the van in a vicious blow that had me thinking in terms of murder while Naomi flickered first from fury to frustration and then to a certain level of acceptance as she met my eyes.
“Now you know,” she said, tossing her hands while Noah continued his snarling tirade of rather blistering swears I’d rather not hear again or repeat.
I surely did know. “Who’s the new host?”
Denver answered that, one eyebrow arched. “Pretty obvious, isn’t it?” He pointed at the team outside the van while Naomi crossed her arms over her chest and Noah fell finally silent, perhaps run out of words to use to express his unhappiness. “You two are taking over, right?”
How fascinating was this turn of events? Not to mention the rather perfect string of coincidental happenings and evolution that led to perhaps the kind of conclusions that ended in hard time in prison.
Naomi sighed like my boyfriend’s leap of understanding annoyed her, but answered with a nod that bobbed her gorgeous halo of hair in the sun. “We’ve been with Roman from day one and we’re in enough of the series the fans know us.” She glanced at her brother who stared darkly back. “We’re the perfect faces to replace him.”
Revulsion almost won me over as I fully embraced this sordid little scheme unfolding before me. I was quite literally breathless and speechless and rather unhinged while I struggled to process, to find something, anything, to say. Yes, Roman was a horrible and wretched human being. Meanwhile, his entire team was using his murder to their advantage. What did that say about them?
I would have left then, and planned to, rising from Naomi’s seat and ready to stagger out into the Florida sunshine in an attempt to cook off the skim of poison I felt I’d absorbed thanks to this conversation. Thankfully, at least one of my twosome was thinking straight, because I certainly wasn’t.
My feet had already hit the gravel outside when I heard Denver ask Andre for a copy of the footage.
Smart. Present. Maybe not mad at me after all. At the time, I didn’t really care, because if I had to linger there one more moment, I was going to be physically ill.

***

Chapter Eighteen

We were already on the move, heading back toward the motel, when I realized I’d failed to do my final sweep of the plantation house. Neither had my boyfriend said a word to me, his deep and furious scowl keeping me silent and growing more and more on edge the further we went without him saying a word to me.
Surely a terrible sign that would end in him walking away from me for doing the exact opposite of what he’d asked so sweetly, that I remain safe and out of the investigation. I’d practically thrown my curiosity in his face, ignored everything he’d said after saying I’d keep my distance. Such a misrepresentation hadn’t been intentional but it was impossible to deny.
By the time we reached the motel and Denver parked the van in front of our door after a rather heated exchange with the gear shift, I couldn’t take it any longer, not another second.
I burst into tears.
I’m not normally the weepy type, typically much more inclined to keep my fits of emotional outburst to myself where they could be expressed in private by perhaps screaming into a pillow or sobbing in the shower where the sound of falling water would mask the sound of my sorrows. Perhaps if these had been normal circumstances I could have found it in me to retreat to the bathroom and do my best to hide my hurt from Denver, but I simply didn’t have the wherewithal and containment remaining. I’d shattered that shell of protection so completely, embraced this new me so utterly, the other side of that choice had only begun to make itself known.
My newfound self-confidence and respect had a dark and emotional side that erupted out of me without my consent.
I buried my face in my hands, doing what little I could to at least shield him from my tears. One of my foster mothers had used crying as blackmail against her husband and I’d always felt uncomfortably revolted by her manipulations via weaponized and often fake grief. The last thing I wanted was to hurt Denver, to have him believe my sudden outpouring of tears was his fault. I took complete and utter responsibility, after all. I knew it was on me, had been my choice to betray his request like this, to put this rift between us and, as I choked on the burning in the back of my throat that cut off my air and squeezed my eyes shut to try to halt the seemingly endless flow of moisture, I did my best to hiccup out an apology that surely sounded like a madwoman’s cackle.
Strong arms slipped around me, lips on my ear, pulling me uncomfortably against the console as Denver did his best to comfort me. Comfort me, the horrible and heartless woman who’d hurt him. When that didn’t seem to work the way he wanted he released me and I heard and felt rather than witnessed him exit the van, moments later pulling my door open and unhooking my seatbelt to slide me out and into his arms.
He led me into our room and sat me down on the bed, crouching in front of me, hands holding mine, tugging them down from my face. I couldn’t bear to look at him but had to, finally, snuffling and blinking through the lingering tears, into his worried eyes.
“Al,” he said. “What’s wrong?”
I coughed and hugged him around the neck, another sob escaping. “I’m sorry.” I know I was reaching the realm of wailing with that apology but had no alternative to the volume and pitch since anything else would likely have been a garble. “I’m so sorry, I know you asked me not to and I did anyway. I didn’t do it on purpose, but I kind of did and I don’t want to hurt you.” I leaned back, tried to cover my face again, only to have him hold firmly to my wrists. Instead, defeated, I sagged and let the tears drip from the tip of my nose to the thighs of my jeans. “You’re the best thing that ever happened to me and I never wanted to make you angry.”
“I’m not angry with you.” Denver joined me on the bed while I sniffed and accepted the tissue he took from the box on the nightstand. I stared at him in shock, hiccupping a breath. He wasn’t?
“You aren’t?” He should have been. “You should be.” I’d lied to him even though I didn’t really lie it amounted to dishonesty. “I said I’d stay out of it and I didn’t.”
Denver laughed. It was a low and deep kind of chuckle, resonant, a head shaking and body quivering release of tension through amusement that left me shocked and bemused. I stared at him, one hand loosely clutching a wad of tissue, mouth open, heart pounding.
“Al,” he said, “I love you.” And that, apparently, was that.
Except, it wasn’t. He rose then, kissed my forehead.
“I have something I need to do,” he said. “Are you okay for a few minutes?”
He really was the sweetest, kindest, most thoughtful man I’d ever met. I bobbed a nod, still in shock, hitching breaths as he left me there. I sat a moment after he’d closed the door, then dragged my sorry self to the bathroom and the sink, to wash my face and catch air in my lungs that seemed unwilling to hold enough to keep me from being dizzy.
This emotional high and low action was going to be the death of me.
I stared at myself in the mirror, forcing long, slow inhales, long, slow exhales, pulling myself under a return to control that only sent shivers of embarrassment through me. I’d made a fool of myself, causing a giant scene like that for, it seemed, no reason whatsoever. Denver wasn’t angry. Why didn’t I just ask him instead of freaking out like the awkward and pathetic girl I used to be?
He had been angry, though, that much was obvious. So if not at me, at who?
My curiosity got the better of my shame and, when I heard the door open again, I joined him, knowing my cheeks were red from more than crying, not sure what to say to him when he carried his laptop to the table and sat, gesturing for me to join him.
“Naomi wouldn’t let me have their footage,” he said, his snap of anger returning and I finally knew who really roused his temper. “You know how much I hate frauds, Al. It’s part of the reason I love you.” He kissed my cheek and I instantly felt better, sinking into the other chair at the table, leaning against his shoulder. “You know what my grandmother was, what she did.” Intimately. “They’re not just despicable, going on with the show and Roman’s body isn’t even cold. Al, they’re fakers. And I can prove it.”
“How?” I’d never loved him more than now, his dear face so serious, squinting a little at the screen as he logged in and began tapping away at the keys. I wasn’t exactly computer illiterate or anything, but Denver’s skills were above and beyond.
“They might not want to give it to me,” he said, “but they’ve already granted me server access. So, it’s as simple as…” He grinned suddenly. “Gotcha.”
I stared at the footage now scrolling across the screen. “You’re sure it’s fake?” I knew it was, but I didn’t have proof aside from how ghosts felt to me and that was hard to describe to a sheriff who already didn’t like me very much.
“Positive.” Denver’s nimble fingers manipulated the keys, the footage now showing in editing software. I watched in fascination, my epic meltdown almost forgotten as my brilliant darling enhanced and played with brightness. His final keystroke showed a clear variance between the original footage and what looked to me like some kind of overlay. Which meant, as I’d already suspected, that the ghost was a mere addition.
It didn’t give us anything further, no indication of the murderer, but from the vindication on Denver’s face he hadn’t been looking for anything of the sort. He leaned back, hand sliding over my shoulders, pulling me against him while his face set in a firm and satisfied expression.
“I meant what I said earlier, how I want you to stay out of things. The murder investigation has to stay in the sheriff’s hands.” I swallowed, not sure what to say about that. Denver went on as though I’d agreed with him. “But this?” He jabbed a finger at the screen as though the offense it revealed was its own fault. “This is our domain. I won’t have your name dragged around for someone else’s fraud, Al. I just won’t.” He released me, lips thinning. “I can show the sheriff, but it would be easier with the original footage.”
“This doesn’t prove I didn’t kill Roman.” I didn’t mean to say it in that particular way, but we both knew what I meant.
Denver smiled, a little shyly and with that boyishness I adored back firmly in place. “I know,” he said, “but it does prove you were right. There’s no ghost, Al. Which means the other one, the one even you saw? Has to be fake, too.”
We weren’t going to get into an argument over that. I agreed completely.
“Andre has an alibi,” I said, forgetting as my mind began to sort through the details I was right back where I promised him I wouldn’t even start. “And so does Naomi, if they are to be believed.”
Denver’s lips twisted, head tilt telling me he was now as firmly ensconced in digging through the details as I was. More reason to love him. “I heard Andre tell the sheriff the time stamp proves their alibi, but those can be altered.” He shook his head. “All I really care about is this footage, Al. It had to have been Andre.”
It sounded very much to me like altering the video to fake a ghost was a far worse crime in my darling’s eyes than the death of Roman Ellis. “You do know a man was murdered,” I said, amused when I probably shouldn’t have been.
Denver twitched, then kissed me quickly. “Then maybe he shouldn’t have been party to faking a haunting.”
While I might doubt his conclusion, I couldn’t for a moment fault his faithfulness.
I really wanted to talk to him further about my previous breakdown and the fact I’d already decided I couldn’t let the investigation go. I knew too much now to stop asking questions. A knock at the door distracted me from that dreaded task. Instead of bringing up the fact I had completely and utterly gone against everything I’d assured him I’d avoid, I rose and went to the door.
Surprise made my heart skip an odd little beat at the sight of the tall and broad shouldered man on the other side. With a grin much like more his daughter than he likely realized, he nodded to me, flannel shirted torso filling the bulk of my doorway.
“Hey, Alice,” John Fleming said. “I was hoping I’d find you here.”

***

Chapter Nineteen

“Mr. Fleming.” I almost called him sheriff, though I knew otherwise and had never actually known him when he’d held that position. Fee’s dad had retired years ago, her boyfriend Crew now in that job. It was hard to disassociate John Fleming with the role, however. Everyone in Reading slipped up and used that title on occasion. I’d heard it more than often enough to understand Crew’s discomfort with his employ as head of our town’s law enforcement. Not that he’d ever said anything to me, but he didn’t have to. I was in a unique position to recognize disquiet in others and his was obvious, especially when Fee chose to poke her nose into his investigations, often with her father in tow.
It couldn’t have been easy for Crew. Then again, it had to be difficult for John, too. The way he carried himself, however, with the confidence and authority of a trained officer comfortable in his role as protector and investigator wasn’t an easy thing to shed and I could only guess his present choice of career had everything to do with the fact the man was simply born to solve mysteries.
The fact he’d opened his own private eye business in Reading helped perpetuate his continuing physical and energetic presence, not harmed in the least by his rather impressive size. While old enough to be my father, too, John Fleming had a rugged handsomeness that even I found attractive. I was fairly certain quite a number of women in Reading sighed over him still. It had always been obvious to me, however, his dedication to his wife of over three decades was as true now as it had been when they’d wed. Of course, the fact Lucy Fleming was her own force to be reckoned with and had her own group of male admirers made them a rather perfect match.
John waited patiently while I stood there and gaped at him before his grin deepened and he gestured with one big hand at the room beyond me. “Mind if I come in?”
Blushing and out of sorts, I stammered an apology before backing away and letting him enter. John waved at Denver who stood in a hurry and came to shake the bigger man’s hand. Apparently I wasn’t the only one who held the former sheriff in awe.
John was gracious enough about it, kind smile for both of us lighting his eyes with a twinkle. “When I heard you two were part of this little fiasco I had to come say hello.” He took a quick peek at Denver’s computer screen before winking at me. “Figured you’d probably have a thing or two to tell me to catch me up to speed.”
“What are you doing here?” Why did I have to blurt that question at him in such a rapid fire and demanding fashion? I hadn’t meant to be so blunt or abrupt, but any number of scenarios were racing through my mind, including somehow that Fee had sent her dad to help me for reasons unknown.
John shrugged, hands in the pockets of his jeans, looming over both of us like a tall oak tree. “An old client called me,” he said. “You know Clara Clark?”
Of course I did, and I’d already made that connection myself when I’d first seen her. I nodded quickly while he went on.
“Since I helped her out with the Cake or Break mess, she thought maybe I could help out and the local sheriff seems amenable to assistance, so I took a flight on down and I’m here to lend a hand.”
“We could certainly use it.” While I’d always felt a little intimidated by Fee’s father, he’d only ever been pleasant and kind to me. It wasn’t his fault he reminded me of the seemingly endless lineup of police officers who’d given me a hard time over the years. Between him and Crew Turner, I’d finally come to realize not every member of law enforcement had a grudge against me.
John took a seat, Denver rushing to join him in the other chair while I perched on the bed, hands folded nervously in my lap so I didn’t fidget. “From what I hear, you’re a suspect, Alice.”
I told John everything that happened, including about my particular skillset which he seemed to accept and even expect. I wasn’t prepared for the fact he simply nodded when I firmly but anxiously filled him in on what I was able to do. Most law enforcement officers had a healthy level of skepticism and I hardly blamed them. Obviously John was prepared to suspend his disbelief, perhaps because he’d already known about me due to the case involving Sadie.
When I was done with my part, Denver fired up his computer again and shared the evidence he’d uncovered, the faked footage of the ghost again replaying over and over so John could see it all. That complete, I then unwound all of the interactions I’d witnessed and everything else I’d uncovered in conversations with the crew, finally grinding to a halt a little breathless and not sure if I’d forgotten anything.
John grinned and nodded to both of us, big hands slapping the thighs of his jeans in clear enthusiasm. “Well done, you two,” he said before laughing out loud, a big, booming and unapologetic sound. “Careful, Alice. You’ll be in competition with a certain redhead we both know and love at this rate.” His laugh died to a chuckle, though he did lean forward and squeeze my hand. “You okay?”
I nodded, grateful for his kindness. “I didn’t really like Roman, and I’m sort of used to death, so I’m fine.” Naturally, I winced the instant I stopped talking because who even said a thing like that?
Fee’s dad seemed to understand, though, giving my hand one more gentle pat before he sat back and sighed with gusto. “Proud of you, kiddo,” he said. “Not my place to say it, I suppose, and I don’t guess you need it from me, but there it is.”
Why did that bring a sting of tears to my eyes? I blinked several times in surprise, suddenly warm and fuzzy on the inside, while Denver’s hangdog look spoke volumes about his own opinions on my snooping.
John noticed, winked at my boyfriend, clearly in full cognition of the lay of the land between my boyfriend and myself. “Better get used to it, Denver,” he said with amusement in his deep, graveled voice. “Fight it all you want, you’ll just bring yourself a dose of misery and prolong the inevitable. You can’t change her, you know. Wouldn’t want to.” Those blue eyes caught mine. “She’ll do what she wants and you just make sure you have her back and everything will always work out.”
I honestly didn’t know what to say, wanting to grin and fist-bump the retired sheriff turned P.I. while hugging him in gratitude for being amazing. Fee was so lucky. I’d have done anything to have a dad like John Fleming.
Denver sighed, sheepish grin aimed my way, though his eyes were still troubled. “She’s pretty awesome, isn’t she?” He looked down then at his hands folded in his lap. “Who am I kidding? I’m just along for the ride. But I’m going to worry a bit anyway, if that’s okay with both of you.” My boyfriend’s cheeks pinked under the dark shadow of his now two-day-old beard. “I love her, so I can’t help it.”
John didn’t answer, looking back and forth between us, while I flushed all over again despite the cool of the noisy A/C beside me. I hadn’t expected this conversation and was horribly unprepared for the kind of praise I was hearing. I refused to deny either of them their right to say such nice things, though, even if I struggled to believe them. They were too sweet to undercut by making excuses for why I wasn’t who they thought I was.
While a tiny part of me whispered maybe they were right with a tingle of delight that bubbled in a hysterical giggle under my ribs. Were they really talking about me?
“Take my advice,” John said, standing, both of us hurrying to join him. “I’ve had enough experience with brilliant women who can’t stand a mystery, even when there’s a local sheriff telling her to mind her own business.” Was he talking about Crew and Fee? Or did his knowledge of the tension between Denver and myself come from a chat with Sheriff Green? It was certainly in John’s ability to uncover the fact I’d been handing information to local law enforcement. “Let her solve it.” John leveled a finger at me, serious suddenly. “Carefully,” he said, voice dropping even lower. “I don’t want to hear about you getting hurt, young lady, or putting yourself into positions where your life is in danger.” He blew out a giant gust of air, grinned. “I’ve got enough of that to worry about at home with Fee throwing herself into the path of murderers.”
I found myself grinning, bubbling over inside with excitement. John was comparing me to Fee. How amazing was that?
“Thanks for the info.” He turned to the door, paused with it half open. “I need to talk to Clara, but if you hear anything else, don’t hesitate.” He handed me a card, Fleming Investigations in silver across the front, his cell and email on the back. “If you could send me a copy of that footage, Denver?”
My boyfriend immediately murmured his assent and then, as quickly as he’d come, John Fleming left, the lingering scent of his fabric softener and the deep timbre of his voice hanging in the air.

***

Chapter Twenty 

It took me a long moment to pull myself out of the surreal sensation, Denver’s stooped shoulders clear indication he wasn’t completely happy with the advice the former sheriff had given him. Instead of arguing, though, he hugged me, then went back to his computer.
Restless and unable to assist him, I left the room, heading for the coffee shop and a cup to clear my head, the chance to sit alone and finally process everything that had happened, including my interesting and life-changing awakening.
The moment I entered the little café, however, I realized there was something more important for me to do just then. Without a word, doing my best to remain unthreatening and empathetic, I slipped into the far booth opposite Emma Durand where she sat alone, weeping into her trembling hands.
It took her a moment to notice I was there. As soon as she did, instead of leaving as I half expected her to, she instead leaned forward, her hands catching mine, tears still flowing.
“It’s going to be okay.” Surely I could come up with something with a bit more weight than such a platitude. Emma didn’t appear to mind, however, nodding a little, slumped but obviously grateful someone was there to offer comfort, regardless of the quality.
“I knew he wasn’t perfect, Alice,” she said, voice thick with emotion real enough I could feel it through our physical contact. “I loved him, have loved him since we met when he started Spirit Heroes. I could never hurt him, even though he hurt me so many times.”
“I believe you,” I said, meaning it.
“I would have done anything for him.” She snuffled, freeing her fingers from my grip to help herself to a napkin she used to dab at her tears. The tiny waitress paused at our table, sympathy on her face, and I smiled sadly back, mouthing, “Coffee,” to her which she took and ran with. Emma stared out the window into the Florida sunshine, her beautiful face blotched and ravaged by her weeping, mascara long gone, her bare and naked grief heart wrenching. “I did things I’m not proud of because of love for him. Things I regret.” She looked down at the damp napkin in her hands, shook her head, lower lip trembling. “Things I’m ashamed of.” She looked up and met my eyes, hers the only haunted thing so far on this trip. “I just wanted him to succeed, you know?” I nodded, accepting my cup of coffee from the waitress, waiting in silence for Emma to go on. I’d learned long ago from experience there was nothing like holding my tongue to loosen those around me. As I added cream and sugar to my cup, Emma didn’t disappoint. “He was cutting Clara loose, you know.” That came out in a conspiratorial whisper, catching me by surprise.
“He what?” I hadn’t meant to speak, my spoon’s tinkling circle of the inside of my mug halting abruptly. “Why?”
Emma shrugged her narrow shoulders, glancing around to be sure we weren’t being overheard. Considering we were the only two patrons of this particular establishment, eavesdropping by anyone aside from the waitress was unlikely.
“The network offered to let him executive produce,” she said. “And be showrunner because of his track record with the web series. He was prepping a six-episode season.” Emma’s eyes brimmed again. “He was on the edge of the greatness he’d worked so hard for, Alice.”
I didn’t comment on that particular sentiment considering my personal opinions on the matter. “Did Clara know?”
“He just found out yesterday morning.” Emma sighed out sorrow over the two of us. “I’m assuming she did. Surely he told her. You know what Roman was like.” She did eye roll then, showing me she wasn’t completely deluded, just mostly. “Then again, maybe he was waiting until the filming was over. Surely she wouldn’t have stayed if she knew?”
Clara hadn’t acted like she knew. If she had, however, if she was hiding that knowledge, it certainly gave her a motive for murder. I needed to warn John. He could deal with his client’s guilt or innocence. I was far more interested in the things Emma alluded to, the shameful things she’d done to make Roman happy.
“Emma,” I said, “did you know the haunting was a fake?” A bit abrupt, perhaps, but she seemed open enough to talking so getting to the point seemed the best option.
I was already second guessing my attempt to uncover information when she flinched, then looked away, face troubled, lips in a tight, white line.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Emma slid out of the booth abruptly, hesitating with one hand reaching out toward me though it seemed she didn’t know she was doing it because the moment she decided to leave she stared at it in a flicker of surprise. It dropped to her side while she nodded to me, still not meeting my gaze. “Thanks for listening,” she whispered, then turned and left, head down, arms around herself, the picture of misery and suffering.
I let her go, lesson learned. I’d never claimed to be good with people and I’d just proven I had very far to go if I ever wanted to really connect. Instead of sinking into judgment over my failings—I was hardly in denial about my own lack of social graces—I instead opened a search engine on my phone and did a little research while my coffee cooled, ignored, in front of me.
From what I could tell from her social media, Emma was a straight enough shooter, with little, if anything, to hide. There were more than sufficient photos of her and Roman to establish their continuing relationship, her beaming smile confirming her feelings about him. She was often on set with him and the crew, though I wondered why since she had no real interest, if her posts across all her accounts were any indication.
I moved on, looking into Noah and Naomi. The pair were self-taught, both with history in the indie film industry in Boston. They’d paired up with Roman just after he left college, the web series evolving a few years later. Roman was—had been—my age, twenty-four, the twins a year younger but with enough real-life experience and natural skill they’d helped him elevate Spirit Heroes into the level of fame he’d managed to achieve without help or funding.
I had to admit despite Roman’s failings, his success was impressive. He clearly worked hard on his career, doing all the things I didn’t to promote himself and the show. While I relied on word of mouth for case-by-case projects, using advertising as my means of making ends meet, Roman hadn’t been satisfied with just getting by. I’d always struggled with my gift, thinking of it that way, feeling guilty at times I charged people money for something that was born into me, something I probably should have shared for free. It was, oddly, Sadie Hatch who’d convinced me otherwise, and despite her betrayal and own fakery, I’d kept that lesson to heart.
Those who could, paid. I decided who I worked with and who I accepted money from. It helped me sleep at night.
All of those thoughts switched off when I stumbled over a news article about Noah and his temper. Apparently, the fight I’d witnessed that night wasn’t the only altercation he’d been involved in. Just last year he was arrested for assault. The article told me everything I needed to know, and gave me a chill down to my core.
A man had allegedly grabbed Naomi and Noah reacted badly. He’d kicked the offender hard enough to rupture his spleen and sent the man to the hospital for emergency surgery. Noah was convicted of assault but served no time, just probation, when the judge accepted he’d been defending his sister. He’d been assigned to anger management courses, but apparently they weren’t working out for him, were they?
Precedence set. A kick that led to Roman’s death. Again with the coincidences. If Noah had found out about Naomi and Roman, there was a very good chance it was he who lashed out and sent his boss to his death. It fit too neatly together for me to ignore.
I forced myself to move on. As for Naomi, she had nothing else in her background, and neither did Clara. John’s client hadn’t produced anything since Cake or Break collapsed with the death of Ron Williams. I even checked the professional listings and found nothing new attributed to Clara. That had to sting, going from successful creator and showrunner to unemployable. That was show business, I guess.
Andre didn’t have a record, not much to search on him at all. Like Noah and Naomi, he appeared to have cut his teeth on indie projects before Roman hired him. My last search was on Larry Princely, to which, surprisingly, I found nothing.
Weird that the literal two mentions of the man were news articles, local ones, about his inheritance and then the opening of Princely House. I pondered this abnormality, realizing he never did tell me where he’d met Roman. But wait, hadn’t the dead host mentioned they’d gone to college together? Roman clearly knew him. Maybe Larry had used a different name?
That raised suspicions, though to be honest, there were times I’d considered changing my name after leaving prison. Having the stigma of my association with Sadie and my subsequent prison sentence follow me around made me uncomfortable at first. As time went on, though, I’d decided against it. I was Alice Moore and no one could take that away from me.
Which meant, however, if Larry had changed his name, there was a possibility he had something in his past to hide, too. The fight he’d had with Roman made me believe the dead webhost had something he was using for leverage against his so-called friend, so it was an avenue to check, if only to satisfy my curiosity.
I accessed Boston University’s website, but realized it would be impossible to find a student without help. It was likely a dead end, but I didn’t like bits and pieces left behind in my paranormal investigations or any part of my life. Not that I was a neat freak or anything, but a certain satisfaction came from tying up all the details so nothing was left behind to fester.
I fired off a quick email to the college’s admissions office, making a mental note to ask Larry when I saw him again. If I saw him again.
My coffee cold and not really wanting it anyway, I paid the waitress and left for my room, hoping to share what I’d learned with Denver and John.

***

Chapter Twenty One

When I arrived back in my room, Denver was gone, though he’d left his computer behind. I sat and watched the footage again, feeling impatience well within me as I did. I wasn’t accustomed to that particular emotion, hadn’t had much experience with the dull and uncomfortable prod that signaled my need to take action on something. It even took me a bit to identify what it was I struggled with, and when I finally recognized it, I stood and paced a moment, letting it settle around me. I was the quiet and reserved one, the one who waited for the right moment so I didn’t make a mistake. Impatience just never had a place in my life before.
Who was I becoming that the stirring call to activity, any activity, to satisfy the craving that was this need was as equally exciting as it was worrisome.
Rewriting me would take getting used to.
I texted Denver in an attempt to distract myself from this urging I felt to leap up and find a direction to investigate in, willy nilly and without guidance or permission. Actively pursuing clues was a far cry from having them fall in my lap and definitely sorted itself into the realm of nosiness and not minding my own business.
I’d spent my life doing what I was told, not rocking the boat, as the saying goes, since being weird already placed me firmly in the crosshairs of other people’s judgments. If I pushed against the norm, I’d stand out worse than I already did. So, what if standing out wasn’t a bad thing, Alice Moore?
Something to think about. So far, my other way of being hadn’t exactly served me, had it? This newfound courage of heart and action wasn’t something I could take lightly. So, on impulse when five minutes passed and my boyfriend didn’t respond, I copied a set of Denver’s footage onto a thumb drive and left again, this time heading out to see Andre. He’d had more he’d wanted to say earlier, I was certain of it. Maybe if I caught him alone he’d be more willing to share what he knew, especially if I came bearing a gift of footage.
He hadn’t asked for it, I knew that, but since he’d turned down Denver’s request—likely at Naomi and Noah’s insistence—perhaps offering up ours might soften the tech to a conversation about what really happened. If he was covering for Naomi, if he’d tampered with the timestamps on the footage he’d given the sheriff to protect her from something, his conscience had to be eating at him.
I knocked on Andre’s door after peeking in windows to find out which was his. No, I’m not proud of such behavior but the last thing I wanted to do was alert anyone to the fact I was actively seeking answers to questions I didn’t have the right to bring into the light. He opened to me abruptly, then froze, so it was clear he’d been expecting someone that wasn’t me.
“Hi, Andre,” I said, attempting casual and more than likely looking about as awkwardly uncomfortable as I felt. I waved, a faint giggle escaping me, my stomach clenching around my personal assurance I was absolutely the most ridiculously weird person ever. “I brought you some footage. Denver’s.” This was going very well, so well in fact I should have a door slammed in my face any second now. “I thought you’d like it for the show.”
Andre hesitated, but to my astonished shock he didn’t, in fact, reject me outright. Instead, he opened his door a bit wider and stepped aside, though he did take a moment to glance out and around. Definitely waiting for someone else.
I entered quickly before he could change his mind, offering up the thumb drive which he took with some reluctance. He was taller than me, broader than Denver, but not bulky enough to feel threatening. Still, there was a looming silence in the room, a sort of dark dread that wasn’t helped by the dim light or the flickering on his computer monitors—all three of them—playing footage he’d obviously been in the middle of editing.
“We didn’t catch much,” I said, by way of apology.
Andre finally turned with a faint grunt and went to sit at his setup. I followed on quiet feet, hands at my sides, for some reason feeling as though staying small and silent might keep him from realizing I really shouldn’t be there after all. My newfound inner strength took it personally, stomach in knots, but I held myself still and waited for Andre to plug in the drive.
“It’s not my fault it was a bad angle.” He sounded grumpy, put out, but he keyed up the footage anyway, skimmed it in his editing software. “You two weren’t supposed to have cameras up, you know.” He shot me an accusing side eye before sitting back. “Thanks anyway.” He popped the drive out without finishing his scan, his gaze now downcast, hand out toward me, small rectangle of digital data dangling from the keyring it was attached to.
I took it from him, but slowly, purposely touching his hand as I did. His eyes jerked upward, caught mine, enough guilt there I knew he had more information to share if I could just convince him to talk. Instead of speaking, like I had with Emma, I stayed there at the end of the bed and just waited, feeling the growing discomfort of that silence so powerfully I wanted to scream to break it, but seeing his own overpower and, finally, get the better of him.
“I don’t know what you want from me.” He stood in a jerking motion, heading for the door, but instead of kicking me out he began to pace. “I’m just doing what I was told.”
“The footage you showed us,” I said, keeping my voice quiet and clear of judgment. “Andre, was it faked?”
My track record wasn’t the best, if Emma’s flight was any proof, and Andre’s reaction and subsequent shutdown made me 0-2.
“You should go,” he said, lunging for the door and jerking it open. He already knew I knew. I could see it on his face, the set of his shoulders, the way he refused to meet my eyes. He must have been aware of Denver’s expertise, that such a fraud wouldn’t pass muster with someone like my boyfriend, especially considering Denver had his own fraudulent past to make up for.
I didn’t argue with Andre, rising and leaving, but again taking my time, forcing the discomfort to grow and hit him as hard as possible. Even if I wasn’t good at making people talk, I certainly knew how to make them feel out of sorts. Maybe that was my superpower and I needed to embrace it. Regardless of its influence over Andre, I paused at the door and touched his hand, making him flinch all over again.
I suppose he wasn’t expecting kindness, but that was all I had to offer. I left without another word, but a burning question in my mind I absolutely had to have the answer to.
Back in our room, still Denverless and unfettered by my old way of lying low and not stirring up trouble, I used my boyfriend’s computer to do a more thorough search of Andre. Imagine my surprise when I uncovered a video channel he’d produced while attending film school. I perused his lineup of short films, immediately catching my breath in an ah-ha! moment that made me feel the master sleuth instead of a medium out of her element who happened to know how to use a search engine on the internet.
My investigation skills notwithstanding, as I watched the five minute film about a made-up haunting captured for the edification of the creator and his supposed audience, I found myself nodding at the familiar appearance of this particular ghost. I’d seen her already myself, this creature of the night meant to stir fear and disquiet. Indeed, I’d witnessed her appearance up close and personal, in the second floor hallway of Princely House right around midnight the night before last.
Not suspicious or anything, this prequel recreation of the very incident that Roman needed to sell his show. I finished watching the film to the bitter end despite wanting to fast forward through the rather banal and boring dialogue as the family who suffered the haunting came to a cheeky and rather stereotypical end, dying of their own fear, joining the ghost in haunting the house she’d claimed as her own. Honestly, didn’t anyone actually ask mediums what spirits were really like before they wrote such drivel?
No. Apparently not. How opinionated I’d grown in the last little while.
I finally reached the finale and, knowing what I was going to find before it scrolled past my view, I checked the credits at the end, and grinned, clapping my hands like a little girl before I could catch myself. Silly habit, really, one that did nothing to impress anyone of the seriousness of my life and work. Neither would the giggle escaping at the same time. Good thing I was alone then, discovering this evidence that redeemed me and my role in the mess that continued to unfold around me.
Andre had designed the special dress the actor who played the ghost wore. Which brought me to the accreditation of the woman in the suit, and a sense of conspiracy growing in my mind.
Because, naturally, the young aspiring spirit was none other than Emma Durand.

***

Chapter Twenty Two

When I returned to Andre’s room, he either had left or refused to answer my knocking. Since the Roman Media van was missing, I assumed he was simply out, which left me in a quandary. I hesitated, considering my next steps. Finding the dress Emma wore to play the ghost was clearly a priority, proof of the fraud and, perhaps, could even lead me to the murderer. If Andre wasn’t in, maybe the actress who’d portrayed the ghost might be more amenable to a conversation about her extra-curricular activities that attempted to ruin my good name.
I had a head of steam up and fuming before I realized what I was doing. Yes, that thought did bring me up short as I marched toward the office and the notion I’d simply ask which room was Emma’s and get an answer, privacy or no privacy. I ducked into the shaded hall where the vending machines hummed their patient songs and took a few deep breaths, reminding myself with a fierce forced lecture I was not, and had never been, a police officer. Nor did I want to be, truth be told. Neither did I have one for a father as an excuse to pursue a killer. I was a medium. I dealt with the dead who, aside from the odd frightening popup moment and attempt to communicate, had never tried to actually physically hurt me. Not the same to be said for whoever it was that kicked Roman Ellis down the stairs of Princely House and left him for me to stumble over in the dark.
Obviously, such a person would have zero compunction causing me harm if the right circumstances arose. As in, me confronting them with details or even the wrong questions and exposing them at an inopportune moment leaving me exposed to the possibility of my own early demise.
I knew nothing about uncovering a criminal, about apprehending one even if I did stumble on the answer. It really was ridiculous for me to consider pursuing anyone associated with the case and I needed to rein in this abrupt about-face I’d taken into what remained the realm of trained professionals, not silly girls who saw the dead.
Which meant my only recourse at this point was talking to law enforcement. There were too many variables and the answers I had might feel damning to me but could actually be useful in the hands of those who knew what they were doing.
It was obvious to me at that point Roman had faked the haunting in order to secure his TV series would be green-lit, placing him in a firm position to remove Clara from the equation. I paused a moment, thinking, chewing my thumbnail in the humidity despite the shady spot where I stood. Andre mentioned something about Roman leaving them all behind, not just Clara. Did that mean he’d intended to start fresh with a new crew?
Ultimately, did he intend to cut them all loose after using them to get what he wanted and they found out about it? The show must go on attitude I’d witnessed, Noah and Naomi leaping in to take Roman’s place, could have been an on-the-spot decision. Then again, it could also have been part of a bigger conspiracy if they knew Roman was about to give them all the heave-ho.
I exhaled long and slow, checked my phone. Nothing from Denver, which was odd since he usually got right back to me. I considered calling John, hesitated, not wanting to bother him. This was all pure speculation and I had a slip of the tongue on Andre’s part along with proof the haunting was faked, but nothing really about the murder to report.
My instincts prodded me and I found myself dialing the retired sheriff who picked up immediately while I continued to doubt myself.
About half a minute into what I had to tell him and John Fleming cut me off. “Where are you?”
“The motel,” I stammered. “I’m sorry to bother you.”
He chuckled, sounded like he was walking, then slamming the door of a vehicle. “Stay put. I’m coming to get you. Then the two of us are going to see Sheriff Green.”
I gaped into empty air, not sure what to say about that, rather vindicated but nervous all of a sudden. John thought I was onto something, though. I needed to trust myself. He confirmed it as the sound of his car engine came to life in the background.
“Good job, Alice,” he said. “I’ll be right there.”
That was how I found myself, less than ten minutes later, sitting at Sheriff Gary Green’s desk next to the towering John Fleming who, with a calm confidence and fellow law enforcer attitude of brotherhood, telling the now much more amenable local officer what I’d uncovered.
When I was done, Sheriff Green sighed, sitting back in his chair far enough the spring in the base groaned from the effort of keeping him upright. “This isn’t how I usually do business, John.” The two seemed fairly chummy to me, the sheriff friendly to my companion from the instant we walked in the office. “I know you’re used to more unconventional investigative methods, but I’m a by-the-book kind of guy.” He rubbed at his chin, squinting in my direction before ignoring me again. “You’re sure this is a good idea?”
John’s chuckle felt like an old friend and I could only imagine not just to me since Sheriff Green seemed to relax further at the sound of it. “I’ve learned over the years to take help where I can get it, Gary,” he said. “I’m not questioning your authority in this by any means. I’m only here for my client. But if I come across evidence I think can assist, I’m going to bring it to you, unconventional or not.” He winked at the sheriff. “Only as a courtesy, you understand.”
Fee’s father certainly knew how to manipulate his fellow sheriff. Green bobbed a nod and sat forward, mustache leaping as he smiled suddenly. “You know, I really enjoyed that talk you gave at the conference in Savanah last year. Made a lot of sense to me.” He hesitated, hands clasped in front of him. “I know I’ve only been in this seat a couple of years, that I don’t have your kind of experience. So if you’re going to bring me information, I’ll take it.” He then did something I wasn’t expecting, nodding to me. “Thank you, Miss Moore,” he said. “I guess I was a bit rough with you and I’m sorry. I should be used to young women like you bringing me evidence.” He chuckled then, shaking his head. “Danny Nice has been bullying me since I took office.”
John laughed with him. “I hear your coroner is a handful.” He smiled at me then, enough satisfaction in his expression he was happy with how things were turning out and I wanted to hug him for having my back. I was definitely going to text Fee and thank her for her dad. “I’ve got a daughter just like her. Willful, but damn if they don’t get the job done.”
Green snorted but his grin remained. “Tell me about it.” He stood then, shook my hand, shook John’s. “You come across anything else I need to know, you keep me posted.”
We left, myself in a measure of shock and awe that had turned to relieved delight by the time John and I settled into a booth at the motel coffee shop. His patience with me continued to astonish, his silence golden as I cued up what I’d uncovered. He watched Andre’s short on the tiny screen of my phone, squinting faintly but uncomplaining at the format. He did grunt softly at the sight of the ghost, obviously aware of its relevance, even more so when the credits identified Emma as the ghost.
When we were done, John remained quiet a long moment, obviously thinking while he turned his coffee mug around and around in his hand. Finally, he met my eyes, faint grin pulling his lips thin while he leaned close, nodding like he’d made some sort of decision I was, as yet, not privy to.
That was about to change. It was clear he had some information of his own to share and I wondered if he’d also done so with the sheriff or if he was playing things close on purpose.
Didn’t matter to me. I trusted him completely at that point, a rarity for me and I wasn’t about to question his motives when I knew he had the best interests of the case at heart. If John Fleming was anything, he was a good and honest man.
“You’re going to love this,” he said, voice low, eyes twinkling like he had the best secret ever and couldn’t wait to share it. “I had a little chat with a few of the guests who claimed they saw the ghost of Juliet Princely.”
I caught myself grinning in response. “And?”
He took a sip of coffee, dragging out the suspense before going on. He must have driven Fee crazy. I could barely stand the anticipation and she was far less patient than I. “Turns out each and every one of them? Old friends of Roman Ellis.”
No they were not.
“It was all a setup, Alice,” John said. “Roman faked the entire thing and I’m pretty sure it got him killed.”

***

Chapter Twenty Three

My mind leaped instantly to the current owner of Princely House. “Does that mean you think Larry killed Roman?” If Larry found out the web series host had conned him for his own success, especially with his financial troubles, it would definitely make an excellent motive for murder. People had killed for less, and money was a touchstone for the kind of animosity that led to loss of life.
Still, I couldn’t get past Noah’s record, his anger issues witnessed firsthand, or the fact his attack of choice had been exactly the reason Roman fell to his death. That boot bruise imprint in Roman’s body was impossible to forget or ignore. I shook my head at myself, wondering if this was normal, if jumping to conclusion after conclusion when investigating such cases could be typical. If so, I envied John’s fortitude and ability to sort through facts and evidence that merely made my head spin.
John seemed just as unconvinced as I was and didn’t seem prepared to select a front runner in the race to be first choice for murder. His head shake matched mine. “Not necessarily,” he said. “I do know Roman was here two months ago, shortly before the sightings started, right after the house opened for business. I also have testimony from those friends he’d hired to fake the haunting he’d paid them handsomely to set up the fraud. There’s still a chance, however, Larry Princely was in on it. Yes, he’s struggling, and from what I could dig up his troubles did, in fact start when the ghost showed up.”
“Putting his business at risk.” Making it more than possible if Roman cheated him Larry could have killed him. Or, if in on it, was hoping for a payday out of all of this. “He could easily have colluded with Roman,” I said, since this scenario had already crossed my mind, too, “and he’s just pretending not to know to cover his tracks.” If he did know and maintained his front, if the show was picked up he could still come out on top of this entire scheme with his own reputation intact and cash to solve his present issues.
“Roman’s been throwing a lot of money around,” John said, giant hands cradling his coffee cup. “The network has been generous, so whatever he pitched to them, they bought it. If he promised Larry he could help him get out of the red, I’m sure he would have accepted. Don’t you?”
Exactly where my own mind had been wandering. “Then he’s just a good actor.” I suppose I shouldn’t have been surprised by that. The man was in trouble, so it wasn’t much of a stretch for him to let me see just how worried he was. That much would be true and could easily mask the rest of the lie if he was, indeed, in on the conspiracy. Which led me to the rest of the suspects. “The crew is planning to go ahead with the show.”
John nodded. “The fake footage you uncovered could easily create the kind of buzz the show needs to continue. Except, of course, you and Denver got in the way of that plan.”
“Roman intended to ruin me.” I hadn’t admitted that to John until now and winced when his eyebrows shot up. “If I didn’t play along. I knew there wasn’t anything behind the haunting claim. He threatened me twice, once on camera. It’s possible he was setting me up on purpose. I just don’t know why he’d bother.” I wasn’t exactly in his league after all. That made me pause, frown, think harder. “So why did he hire me if he knew I’d just debunk his ghost?”
John didn’t comment, watching me with that calm, confident expression while I wriggled in my seat and sorted things out in my head. I finally sighed and shook my head, angry despite the fact there was nothing I could do against Roman now, not really. The man was dead and I had no answers.
John seemed to realize I wasn’t in the reflecting mood and instead of prodding me about my question, plunged on. “It would help to find that getup Emma Durand was wearing.”
“Agreed,” I said. “It’s likely in the van or her room, I imagine. Or even stashed somewhere in the house.”
John’s lips twisted as he sat back. “Nope. Did a thorough search. Not in the house.” He grinned. “Mind you, I wasn’t looking for a dress, but I think I would have noticed something like that if I’d stumbled over it.”
I wasn’t going to question his ability to tear a scene apart. He had more than enough experience to know how to uncover things people didn’t want found, whether he was looking for something specific or not. It wasn’t lost on me I was learning an awful lot about investigating living people from John Fleming, an education that I appreciated but wasn’t sure what to do with when this was over.
If it was ever over.
“I really think the whole crew was in on this, John.” It was the only scenario that made sense. “Though I do wonder about Clara, still. If Roman had the network cut her out of the deal, she would never have come to set. Then again, maybe she’s far more clever than I give her credit for. Duplicity and double-crossing each other seems to be par for this particular course.”
The big ex-sheriff nodded. “I can’t imagine she would have called me in if she’d known,” he said. “Even when I got here she seemed eager to get to the bottom of things. That’s an extreme route to take to cover her tracks. Especially when she’s done an about-face.” I felt my eyebrows shoot up at that while he went on. “Like, just an hour ago when I spoke to her. Apparently she’d cooled off, suggested she might not need my services anymore after all.” He didn’t seem upset at the fact he might have just been fired. If anything, curiosity ruled his expression, not a trace of disappointment there. I really could learn a lot from him. The times I’d been let go by unhappy clients who just wanted me to tell them what they wanted to hear stung at the time and lingered for years after. I wasn’t the best with rejection, and not the last to admit it, either.
“That’s strange,” I said, not knowing if I should offer comforting words or let it stand. Turned out he didn’t need my sympathy.
“Not if she’s been let in on the conspiracy.” He finished his coffee in one large swallow and pushed the mug aside. “With Roman gone, if the rest of the group offered to make sure she retained her job? There’s an excellent chance she’s made her choice.”
“Do you think Noah killed Roman?” I hadn’t said it out loud, whispered it now, heart speeding a little.
John hesitated then reached out and touched my hands. I’d been clutching my own mug all along, not drinking from it, and despite holding the hot vessel my fingers were cold under his.
“He looks like the most viable suspect,” he said, “but I’m not writing anyone off yet. If I’ve learned anything, it’s that sometimes the least slight can lead to people doing horrible things to each other.” John sighed then, a faint melancholy crossing his face before he suddenly grinned at me like this was all some big joke and he’d just gotten the punchline. “I’m going to go talk to Clara again,” he said, sliding out of the booth. “Keep me posted.”
I waved at him as he left the café in that long, solid stride of his, glancing down at my phone when it dinged to find that Denver had finally texted me back. Relief he was all right, and not hurt or missing or had something terrible happen to him, made me a little weak and I felt a flash of guilt I’d almost forgotten he hadn’t answered me in what now felt like an age.
We need to talk, he sent. Meet at our room?
On my way, I texted back and headed out, nervous at the fact he’d chose to be vague. Needing to talk wasn’t great language, made me decidedly anxious. Then again, perhaps I was jumping to conclusions, something I did very well. It could simply have been Denver had chosen to trust me and join me on my all-in embrace of this investigation. I knew he had my back. I really was very lucky. Too lucky? No, I refused to travel down that road. I’d had enough hardship in my life and come through the other side. I’d earned happiness, and I wasn’t going to let doom and gloom shadow the fact I’d found love, fulfillment and support in a man I loved with all my heart.
Life could be wonderful, didn’t have to be lonely and yes, Alice Moore, you deserved every little bit of it.
The sight of Clara Clark sneaking her way down the far side of the pool toward Andre’s door made me pause and forget all about myself for a moment. When I said sneak, I could come up with no other description for the furtive and guilty way she glanced around, the woman clearly not adept at subterfuge, before tapping on the tech’s door. It opened and she entered in a rush while my feet began moving of their own accord.
Not toward my door and Denver who waited there, but around the edge of the pool and to Andre’s where his still partially open curtains gave me a rather interesting view. When I peeked inside, doing my best to remain unseen, it was obvious John and I had been right in our speculations.
Andre wasn’t alone, and Clara wasn’t his only visitor. If the intense and angry way Noah and Naomi argued with the producer was any indication, Emma and Andre looking on with their own upset clearly written across their faces, the conspiracy was unravelling and perhaps, even, coming to a head.

***

Chapter Twenty Four

Snooping was new to me. I wasn’t all that adept at the process, and while I did my best to ensure I’d concealed my presence from the gathering inside the motel room, it became acutely obvious that I’d done a terrible job of hiding my lurking self from those within as soon as Andre, his face now a mask of angry and yes, guilty, attention, jerked the door wide and grasped my arm in one strong hand, tugging me inside before slamming said portal behind me like the closing exit to my impending doom.
As Fee would say, oops.
The old me? She would have shrunk away from the impending possibility of violence and/or conflict, professing innocence or her undying loyalty to the gathering that glared at me like I was the one who’d done something wrong. Instead, my heart beating at a rate hitherto unheard of in my lexicon, I squared my rather thin shoulders against the pressure of so much judgment that really should have been aimed at a more personal (and I mean themselves) focus and channeled John Fleming for all I was worth.
“I know you’re all in on the conspiracy together,” I said. “Time to confess before the sheriff arrives and arrests all of you for murder.”
Ahem. Alice Moore 1. The gathered gaping and visibly regretful and concerned crew, 0.
“I had nothing to do with this.” Leave it to Clara Clark to abandon ship first. While I wasn’t exactly surprised the TV exec’s morals and loyalty were questionable, I had, to be utterly honest, expected Emma to cave first. From the weeping she’d been doing and the dress laid out on the bed, she was the most likely crack in the wall of Team NotOurFault.
“And yet,” I said, acutely aware of the fact I had zero grounds for any kind of authority or a leg to stand on as the saying goes. I pushed on regardless, knowing without a shadow of a hint of a doubt I’d caught them in the act of conspiracy John and I had considered motive for murder. “And yet, Ms. Clark. Here you are. With that.” I pointed at the dress, then at Emma. “With her.” My arm swung of its own accord to the actress in question. “And him.” Now to Noah. “While discussing what I’m sure we all know is an excellent motive to remove Roman Ellis with some permanence while ensuring the rest of you have careers of some weight and merit in the television industry.”
My goodness. I was getting good at this if I did say so myself. Or, at least I would later when I had time to assess and not barely hold myself together in the moment.
“You don’t understand,” Clara said, her self-preservation about as keen as my need to present myself as authoritative and in some semblance of professional so they’d listen and not stuff me into a closet to be found at a later date. Yes, I was talking from high school foster child experience. “We need the show to fly. With or without Roman.”  She looked around at the others as if requiring some sort of support, though none of her co-conspirators seemed eager to meet her gaze at the moment. “We can still make it work.” Now she just sounded pathetic.
“It was my suggestion.” Naomi blurted that admission while I struggled to contain my weird awkward self and call on the more stubborn and persistent Flemings I’d observed. Perhaps I’d learned more from said observation that rubbed off or was absorbed through a weird process of osmosis. Maybe, more likely, guilt had its own way of feeding the voice of confession than I’d ever given it credit for. Regardless, I stood my ground and held my breath while Roman’s sometime lover and second in command gave me information I hadn’t even asked for. “To alter the footage.” She glanced at Clara who sagged at the admission. Like knowing the truth and speaking it were two totally different things.
“Roman was going to leave us all behind.” It was Noah who confirmed Andre’s little slip of the regretful, though it was hardly surprising to me now that I’d sussed out the truth of the conspiracy unfolding. “Not just Clara.” He seemed horrifically offended by that fact. “All of us.”
“An excellent motive,” I said, noting the dull and lifeless tone of my voice as though I’d been channeling the dead who seemed so eager to connect with my life. “You do realize this makes you all suspects.” I met each and every set of eyes with challenge and intent, despite the fact my insides twisted themselves into knots of anxiety matching epic proportions heretofore unseen or experienced in the life of one Alice Moore, medium. May I say, hopefully never again, as well.
“We’re not the only ones.” Naomi exchanged a guilty look with the bulk of the gathering, Clara included, Emma oddly left out of this particular blame game. “You also had excellent motive.”
“It’s well known fact I wasn’t a fan of Roman’s,” I said.
“Not that,” she said before hesitating, her brother filling in the gaps in a flat, confrontational tone.
“He was planning to ruin you,” Noah said. “On purpose.” He swallowed as if realizing what he’d said was actually a horrible plan to contemplate. “It was part of his pitch to the network.” Clara flinched but didn’t deny it as Noah went on, collapsing to the bed as though deflated by his own culpability. “One so called expert per show would be invited in as a guest, someone Roman would eviscerate on camera and utterly destroy. That was what finally sold the network.”
I was having trouble breathing, looking around at each face, realizing they’d all agreed to this. All but Emma, apparently, though she looked sick at the prospect.
“I see.” There wasn’t much I could do about it now and, frankly, I wasn’t really surprised. I’d suspected Roman had an ulterior motive behind inviting me to the show, paying me that much money to participate for one night. Was I disgusted and revolted and ready to wash my hands of everyone before me forever? Absolutely. Except, now I really had a job to do because if one of them did kill Roman, I wanted to be sure they paid for it.
Right after I shook their hand.
Silence reined a long moment as I forced each of them to meet my eyes. I hoped they understood their duplicity was their own undoing. How ironic and utterly karmic.
Clara was last, her desperation probably the worst of the lot. Instead of an apology for agreeing to set me up for ruin, a fact that only backfired on her and the rest of them, or would have if Roman had his way, she blurted out a faint squeak of protest before speaking.
“I was on the third floor with Emma when Roman died.” Her pronouncement as she looked to the young, weeping woman for vindication felt telling, and not in a murderous kind of way. “Emma, tell her.”
The actress nodded, wiping at her tears. “It’s true,” she said. “The footage doesn’t lie.”
Even she flinched at that while I did my best not to laugh out loud at the absolute absurdity of what she’d tried to pass along as whole cloth.
“Let’s not go there,” I said. “Since the truth of the footage has obviously been manipulated to serve all of you.” When had I become so forthright, so powerful, utterly commanding in the sort of situation that would typically have sent me to a corner to cower and feel powerless? If anything, I felt as though I could take each and every one of them in personal combat and win out with little to no effort.
Go, Alice Moore. You go.
“You want proof?” Andre lunged for his computer, the monitors. He played out several streams of video on the multiple surfaces as he forcefully presented their alibis. “I was in the van.” And so it appeared. “With Naomi.” She certainly seemed to join him. “Larry was in the second floor bathroom.” Yes, if the footage was to be believed. “Clara and Emma were on the third floor.” How convenient. “Only four people were left without footage to back up their presence during the murder.”
Now we were getting to the core of things, and I knew without a shadow of a doubt I’d be in the line of fire because this was a conspiracy, wasn’t it? First rule of conspiracies was to ensure the outsiders were the ones pinpointed as guilty. Good thing I wasn’t new to this particular kind of sabotage. I’d been a foster child and done prison time. Just try to corner me.
“Go ahead,” I said, amused by the humor in my own voice. “Tell us who, then, Andre. We’re dying to know even though we are all aware of just who it is you’re trying so hard to set up.”
He swallowed like I’d hit the mark square on the head but did his best, voice a shadow of its normal whisper, and that was saying something. “Denver.” I nodded, eye rolled. “Noah.” Well now. Interesting how he’d created a vacuum of guilt around the love of his life’s twin brother. A protective brother who could, at some point, create a rift and/or conflict between Andre and the focus of his amorous attention. “And you.”
Hardly a surprise, that last pointed mention. As ridiculous as it was, it was nice to have it out in the open.
“Really,” I said. “Even with me wearing that ridiculous camera Noah himself forced on me. I have zero alibi despite the timestamp of the footage I carried.” Andre’s cheeks pinked, reddened, deepened into almost purple as he swallowed hard, looked away. “Try again, please. I’m the last person you want to accuse right now.”
This was fun. I really had to find time to try it again. Meanwhile, I was clearly losing all grip on reality and eventually would melt down into someone or something I didn’t like very much but, at the moment, I would take who I’d become and run with her.
Andre fish lipped because that was, apparently, the best he could muster. Noah, on the other hand and bless him in the most Southern way possible for opening his big mouth and putting his foot in a sizeable pile of excrement that would only get him further grief, decided to challenge me in front of everyone.
“You don’t belong here,” he snapped. “Get out before we call the sheriff.”
Well now. Thank you for that opening.
“Let’s instead discuss the very particular circumstances of your arrest,” I said, amazed at my own calm and collection and wondering if John Fleming would be proud while again wondering why I cared so very much. Noah immediately flinched and I was able to carry on my own little assault without any sort of interference on his part because my initial salvo had silenced his protests quite nicely. “Or the fact the kick you delivered to the assailant who you claim attacked your sister is, if Danny Nice, the coroner, you remember her? If she is to be believed, is, wouldn’t you know it, a perfect match in method and execution as the very blow that carried Roman to his death.”
There were enough shocked looks on the faces of those in the room, Noah’s included, I realized I’d just handed them the evidence they needed to convict him of murder. Even Naomi appeared overwhelmed by this truth, her hand rising to cover her mouth, her expectation of her brother’s ultimate guilt written all over her rejection of him while he reached for her and she retreated two staggering steps. Though, she’d already suspected him, hadn’t she? All along, if her distance from him and defense of me the previous day was any indication.
Her retreat sent her backward. In my direction, as it turned out.
“Noah,” she breathed, barely able to from the sound of her voice. “How could you?”
“Did you know?” I reached out instinctively for his twin sister as I faced Noah down. He sagged a little while I hugged her to me, feeling her relax against me, her body’s response telling me she believed, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Noah killed Roman. More than that, she knew why.
Noah didn’t argue, though his face tightened into fury and then denial but not of the kind that negated my question. “I knew,” he said. “About the two of them.”
Motive. What about means and opportunity? “Andre,” I said. “Did you alter the timestamps on the footage?”
That ultimate question hung in the air, all of us waiting, as though our very breath was held imprisoned by the lingering doubt, the need to know. Then, with apparent agony on his face, the tech slumped, nodded.
Giving me the answer I’d been looking for.
“Yes,” he said, not needing to speak the truth but doing so anyway. “I have no idea where Noah was when Roman died.” He looked up, met the eyes of the woman I comforted, the woman I held next to me, the very woman he clearly loved. “Or Naomi.”
The last thing I was expecting was her response. With a guttural and rather animalistic snarl of fury, she launched herself, not at Andre, but at Noah, with her fury carrying her in a ballistic trajectory filled with blame and accusation directly at her twin brother.

***

Chapter Twenty Five

I’m certain Naomi would have done Noah physical injury if she’d been allowed to reach him. It was clear she believed her twin had murdered Roman, that accusation proven or not. But it was not to be, that fratricide (because, clearly, Naomi had much more motive to murder Noah than the opposite).
Instead, the door burst in and, in a hail Mary of epic proportions, with his gun held out like he’d never used it in any sort of altercation before, Sheriff Gary Green confronted the complete lineup of us with his weapon drawn and ready, the requisite, “You’re under arrest!” emerging from his mustache despite the fact there was clearly only one of us who actually needed arresting, if I might be so bold as to mention that.
 It certainly helped that John Fleming stood behind him, hands in his pockets, not a gun in sight. I was much more inclined to agree with the elected official’s pronouncement considering his present company, and held my peace as Sheriff Green took Noah into grumpy and absolutely resistant company, the young crew member insisting in a strident tone that brooked zero argument as to his agreement of the accusation at hand he’d played a part in the demise of his former boss.
I would have loved to ask for more information, but trusted John knew what he was doing. Since Fee’s father wasn’t necessarily arguing with the sheriff, I figured he either had his own questions to ask or was playing along because he, too, believed Noah had committed the murder.
Why, then, did the flutter in my chest that denied Noah’s guilt make me wish I’d done more as he was cuffed and dragged from the room by the sheriff  himself?
I ducked out of the room, making clear eye contact with John Fleming, who shrugged and left with the sheriff, Noah in tow and the case supposedly all wrapped up. My fingers flew over the keyboard of my phone and a moment later, rather breathless and a little out of sorts (okay, more than a little), I found myself talking in frank and unfettered fashion with Danielle Nice.
“The bruise is fully formed,” she told me. “There are obviously identifiable tread marks, Alice. A specific brand of boot. And a size.” She exhaled heavily as I watched Sheriff Green load Noah into the back of his sedan. “I’m sorry, if he was a friend.” I didn’t argue with her otherwise. Noah Robinson was a far cry from friendship. “All the evidence points to him, including his history.”
Why did that word make me squirm as though I’d missed something? History. I didn’t fight Danny’s findings. She knew her stuff, that much was clear. I stepped back, hanging up from the mortician turned coroner, keeping my distance, as the crew scattered, Noah now under arrest and on his way to the sheriff’s office.
Emma’s departure to her own room caught my attention and, for whatever reason drew me, I followed her. I caught her before she entered, following her inside before she could deny me that courtesy and stood in her motel room window across the pool, watching in silence while the red and white lights of the sheriff’s sedan flashed themselves out of existence when he drove off into the night.
I had planned to ask Roman’s girlfriend a million questions, but it turned out I didn’t need to even part my lips to gain the information I’d been seeking. Instead, Emma turned from me, sinking to the edge of the bed she’d purportedly shared with Roman (please excuse me while I gagged and tried my best not to exude large volumes of my insides outside at the thought of anyone choosing to voluntarily sleep with him) and gave me what I needed without any kind of effort on my part.
“Why did I listen to him?” Emma seemed destitute and hugged me when I joined her, weeping like her heart had broken into a million pieces she’d never reassemble without therapy. Lots and lots of therapy.
I didn’t comment and it seemed the correct response because she rushed on like I’d confessed she was my best friend in the entire world and she could trust me and tell me everything.
“Roman found out about Larry’s project shortly after he was approached by the network.” Emma’s voice dropped and vibrated, her upset clear but the fact she’d participated in the fraud doing little to endear her to me, if I was going to be absolutely frank. I held my tongue and let her go on, thinking I, if not approved, at least sympathized with the choices she’d made all for love of an absolute asshat no one should have trusted in the first place. “He used his friends and acquaintances to set up the haunting.” John and I had already worked that much out. Still, it was nice to have that much to take to him when I saw him again. Made me feel like I was pulling my weight. “I didn’t want to wear the dress again. It was for the movie. But he insisted. And you were there. So I agreed.”
Delightful. “You wanted to discredit me,” I said. “Why?”
She didn’t respond to that right away, snuffling and shaking her head. “He purposely didn’t angle the cameras correctly,” she said. “He wanted there to be lots of mystery around the ghost of Juliet Princely. So no one would make the connection between Andre’s short and the haunting. But I swear, I had no idea he was going to try to ruin you. Or anyone else for that matter.” She shuddered. “I knew Roman had his faults, but I loved him. And he was despicable.”
So much of this made sense to me I didn’t bother agreeing with her assessment of her dead boyfriend. “You did nothing to stop it, Emma.” I was honestly flabbergasted. “You had to know I was going to publically debunk him and that he’d find a way to punish me for it. You participated willingly, whether you knew about his ultimate goal or not.” I was one to talk about guilt by association, but if it fit my circumstances, it fit hers just as cleanly.
She shot me a brief and guilty look. “He knew you’d get a good look,” she said. “He was positive about it, set it up so you would.” Goosebumps stood out on her forearms as she sagged into me. “All he told me was there was supposed to be mystery around the haunting, doubt. He wanted you to doubt yourself.” I hated to admit he’d succeeded and refused to say it out loud, even to Emma. “He said we’d all be rich.” She sobbed then, hugging me. “I just wanted him to love me. I didn’t care about the money.”
I believed her but it did nothing to soften my present opinion. “Why me, Emma?” He could have targeted any number of our community, some with much larger followings than mine.
She finally sat back, wiping at the tears on her face, her whole being retreating, shrinking. “He hated you,” she whispered. “No matter what he did, he could never convince you to lie. And that made him crazy.” When she met my eyes, hers brimmed with tears and remorse. “He couldn’t wait to prove he was better than you.”
I didn’t know what to say, staring at her with utter and complete shock as she collapsed into herself and wept.
“I’m sorry,” she wailed. “If what they said is true, it wasn’t just you. You were only the beginning. He planned to ruin everyone and use it to make himself famous.”
It took me a moment to pull myself together, to draw on the new confidence I’d discovered, to find level and stable and, maybe even just a little self-awareness that kept me from standing up and leaving her there to suffer while I very quickly fell into my own despair and slowly lost my mind.
Instead, I hugged her like she was the sister I’d never had, surprised to find my voice level, rather surreal if I was going to be completely truthful with myself. “Emma,” I said, “did Larry know about the haunting?” Because he really was the only wild card in this whole endeavor.
She shrugged, met my eyes like I’d granted her some reprieve from the hell she’d created for herself. “I don’t know,” she said. “I assume so. They were old friends.”
What a truly lovely human being Roman Ellis had been. Hard to feel terribly for his death, despite my attachment to the dead. For all I cared, if he haunted Emma and the rest of his unfaithful posse the rest of their lives? I’d be the last medium willing to help them find their freedom from his echo.
Did that make me a bad person?
Probably. So what?
“Emma,” I said, “can I trust any of the timestamps on the footage?”
Again with hesitation that told me all I needed to know. Information John Fleming and Sheriff Green needed to question Noah Robinson.
Emma finally sighed, shrugged, and gave me an answer that led me in an entirely different direction.
“Andre’s in love with her,” she said, not naming Naomi but not needing to. “If he knew she killed Roman, he’d do anything to protect her. Including implicating everyone and anyone else for the crime.”
Which meant, without Andre’s input, discovering what times had been changed and which hadn’t was going to be very difficult and make the video footage inadmissible and impossible to use to generate alibis.
Complication level achieved.

***

Chapter Twenty Six

It felt as though I’d been going door-to-door peddling my own brand of truth and justice all day now, and, as the sun set and night descended over the motel, I was yet again knocking on Andre Garcia’s door.
This time when he answered it wasn’t with outward trepidation or accusation. Instead, head hanging and shoulders rounded into a slump of contrition, he let me inside as though he’d been expecting this visit and the outcome was inevitable. I did my best to remain calm and composed while Andre accepted where fate led him and closed the door softly behind me.
It wasn’t until that moment I had a flicker of anxiety. What if he was the murderer, some unforeseen event and circumstance leading him to kill Roman? What if he’d manipulated this entire investigation, leading me into the lion’s den and I’d entered of my own accord, an innocent lamb thinking she was the hunter, ripe for slaughter?
Not that the previously imagined scenario wasn’t beyond the realm of possibility. However, as I faced off with Andre it became apparent he wasn’t about to leap on me and end my life. Drawing a deep, steadying breath, I said what I’d come to say, acutely aware of the fact he was much larger than me and we were alone in his room, not a soul informed of my whereabouts.
“You changed the time on the footage,” I said, not even trying to frame that as a question. He’d admitted it already. I needed the details.
“By five minutes,” he said, voice heavy and flat. “I just wanted to protect Naomi.” He sank to the bed, head in his hands, all the fight gone out of him. So not a murderer then, or, at least, without those intentions toward me. I exhaled a secret breath of relief I hadn’t done something epically stupid after all and paid attention. “She was in the house when Roman died. But I swear she didn’t kill him.” He looked up at me then, hopeless love twisting his features, darkening his already deep brown eyes to pits. “She was helping Emma sneak the dress out of the house.”
The bathroom door opened and the woman in question exited to the main room, joining us while Andre half-rose, a soft sound of protest escaping though Naomi waved off his attempt to protect her. She stood tall, not a hint of regret or guilt in her, the opposite of the young man who looked to her with such unrequited adoration I was sure he’d have done anything to keep her safe. Had tried, in fact.
“Emma and I were heading down the back stairs with the dress when I heard you coming,” Naomi said. “Out of the view of the cameras. Emma was afraid to be caught with it so I sent her off and took it outside myself, stored it in the van.”
“This was all Roman’s idea?” I waited for the two of them to decide who would speak, not surprised it was Naomi who filled the void of silence.
“He set it up two months ago,” she said.
“Did Larry know?” Was he in on it too or was he simply a dupe who’d been used by his friend?
Naomi shrugged, finally settling into a shamed expression, finding it hard to meet my eyes. “If I had to guess? He had no idea. Roman used people.” She’d clearly changed her mind about the man she’d thought she loved, anger surfacing, making her look more like her twin than she probably realized. “He used everyone and didn’t care what it did to them.” Too little, too late? Perhaps. Perhaps not. It wasn’t for me to judge or decide. Honestly, my conscience was clear. “I realize it makes me a suspect,” she said, “the timecode thing. And knowing what I know now… if I’d been aware of Roman’s choice to betray all of us?” Her jaw jumped, eyes flashing as she did meet my gaze, that anger returned to wash away the regret she’d let out for a spin. “He was supposed to take all of us with him. That was the deal. You can’t blame us for doing our best to make something of this terrible situation. There’s no reason we should suffer because he died.”
She wasn’t trying to convince me, was she? Sounded a whole lot more as though she was the one needing the pep talk over honesty and honor.
“You’ve lost your alibi,” I said.
“So arrest me.” As though I had that authority. She didn’t seem concerned, however, and I really didn’t believe she’d done it anyway. “I didn’t kill Roman and I have no idea who did.”
That was a lie. “You realize your brother is in the running for that particular accusation,” I said.
Naomi flinched, hesitated. Then shook her head. “He didn’t.” No conviction. So she believed he was at least capable. “Besides, it’s not just my alibi that’s suspect at this point.” She nodded at Andre who looked about as miserable as any human being I’d ever witnessed. “The timestamp tampering means everyone’s location during the murder is suspect.”
She had me there. I already knew that. “Except Andre himself,” I said.
“And Denver.” Nice of him to speak up for my boyfriend like that. “He and I were on headsets, me in our van, him in yours. I can vouch for that.”
He might not have known it, but Andre just made up for all the trouble he’d caused with that one statement of fact. Maybe not with the law or anyone else, but for me? Defending Denver came with a giant dose of gratitude I’d do anything I could to pay back.
I left the two of them then, heading back to my own room, only then realizing I’d promised Denver I was on my way. How long ago was that? At least twenty minutes with all the conversations and room hopping I’d done. Apparently that habit was as yet to be broken because as I circled the end of the pool, I encountered John who waved me down.
“The sheriff’s on his way,” he said in low voice, hand on my elbow, the lights around the deck and under the water making strange wavering patterns across his face. “He’s going to arrest Andre and probably Naomi as part of the conspiracy. Emma and Clara won’t be far behind. Are they all still here?”
“As far as I know.” I filled him in quickly on what I’d learned from the three conversations I’d been part of while Fee’s father listened intently.
“The bruise their coroner found is enough for Green,” John said then. “So the kid’s going down for it. The rest? The faked ghost, impeding an investigation, conspiracy, just gravy.”
“Do you think Noah did it?” It certainly fit the evidence, but with the timestamp issue? All the alibis were in a jumbled shambles now.
John sighed, shrugged, hands in his jeans pockets. “Maybe,” he said, “but it’s out of my hands. Clara officially fired me so I’m not really supposed to be involved anymore.” He rubbed at his cheek with one hand, then the back of his neck, the first sign he’d shown the case might be getting to him. The flash of momentary humanness didn’t last, though, and John Fleming emerged a heartbeat later to grin that tight smile of confidence I was now used to. “All I know, kiddo, is that if the time was off by five minutes? Noah Robinson was the closest to Roman in the last moments of his life than anyone.” John nodded as though to himself, not me. “I walked out everyone’s routes myself, compared to the footage. So, if I was going to pick a front runner? That kid and his temper, his record? Top of my list.”
That sounded fair. “What about Naomi?”
“If she was delivering the dress to the van… I’m assuming Emma can alibi her all over again.” He chewed his bottom lip. “Though trusting this crew to supply each other with whereabouts is suspect in itself. Either that or they’ll turn on each other like cornered cats. Could be interesting to see how it all shakes out.” He paused, thinking, before going on. “The likelihood she’d set up her own brother? Knowing about the similarity of the assault he was convicted of?”
Of course. “Naomi would never do that to him.”
“Agreed.” John let out a long, deep breath, shrugged. “Whatever the case, Noah is in Green’s crosshairs and now in his custody. I’m going to try to convince him he needs me in the interrogation, but I’m not hopeful. He knows Clara fired me and while he might be flexible when I’m officially attached to the case…”
“I’m hiring you,” I said in a rush of inspiration. “To protect my interests. I understand Fleming Investigations is free at the moment and your investigator might be willing to take my case?”
John’s beaming smile broke into a guffaw of a laugh. “Alice,” he said, “I owe you one. I’m on it.”
It was a nice feeling, that I’d done something right. Not for a change, but it was infrequent enough making a solid positive move was still a thrill. The ping of my phone and the subsequent text, however, was enough to darken my mood to more normal, clearly showing on my face because John’s expression flattened out to that stoic look I’d come to recognize as worry.
Where are you? Denver. I’d forgotten again, left him hanging.
On my way, I sent.
That’s what you said a half hour ago. I hadn’t expected him to be short with me but I should have realized he’d be upset.
I didn’t respond, choosing to breathe through my startlingly angry reaction and looked up to find John smiling at me.
“Denver,” he said.
Why did saying my boyfriend’s name like that make me burst into tears?

***

Chapter Twenty Seven

John hugged me against his flannel shirt, the scent of fabric softener oddly soothing. I embraced him back, shocked by the offer, and snuffled a moment before pulling away again.
“I’m messing this up,” I said. “My life, for the sake of a dead man I didn’t even like who wanted to ruin me.” Why was I doing that again? Hard to find a good reason, now that it was all over. “I’m not used to another person. Relationships.” Did what I’d said even make sense? Probably not to most people, but John seemed to understand. He led me to sit on a lounger which creaked under his weight when he joined me, one arm still around my shoulders. He gently held my hand with his free one as we stared over the flickering, dancing water of the pool.
“I’m not sure if you want it,” he said, “or if I have the right to give it, considering my track record with my own kid. But.” John’s arm tightened a bit before he let me go, half turning to face me, elbows on his knees, kind expression making me want to cry all over again. “Here it is anyway, a bit of unsolicited advice from a dad who made too many mistakes.” He cleared his throat, graveled voice deep and sad. “Denver obviously loves you, Alice. He’s worried about you and I don’t blame him. But he doesn’t realize what it’s like to have someone like you in his life, either. You said you’re making mistakes, and maybe you are. But from where I sit, you’re doing you. You’re finally being true to Alice, right?” I nodded, miserable and feeling tiny and yet safe with this big, gentle man who knew me better than I expected. What had Fee told him about me? “You have the right to be careful who you trust, if what you went through with Sadie Hatch still weighs on you. Which I’m sure it does.” He didn’t seem to care I was a convicted blackmailer. Maybe he really didn’t judge me for it. In that moment I realized the basis for my shy reaction to Fee’s very sweet if imposing father was my fear he thought of me as a criminal. He had, after all, made a career of putting people like me—like Sadie—in prison. Finding out he actually liked me and felt protective enough of me he wanted to give me advice was foreign and really, really awesome.
John wasn’t done. “I’m pretty lucky,” he said. “I found my partner young. Lu is the center of my life and I’d never trade her for anyone.” I was a fan myself of Lucy Fleming, so I nodded again, this time with more enthusiasm. “Took my Fee a bit to find hers, to realize Crew had what she was looking for.” John chuckled. “To be honest, took me a bit, too. FBI upstart.” He snorted, eyes twinkling. “Not a jealous dad or anything, am I?”
I grinned in response though I had zero experience with anything he was talking about. Or did I? I really felt like I’d found my partner in Denver.
Which was John’s point, it turned out. “You promise me something, Alice,” he said. “Denver’s a good kid, smart and all. But if he doesn’t sort things out, don’t let him hold you back.” He nodded abruptly. “Life’s too short, I’m sure you of all people know that more than most.” I bit my lower lip as he finished, big hands clasped in front of him like a supplication. “I know you’ll do what’s best for you. I just hate to see him lose you, in the end. Because it won’t be the other way around.”
I gaped at John a long moment, unable to speak. When he looked down at me, his own eyes were brimmed with tears.
“You remind me so much of Fee,” he said, then chuckled, wiping at his cheek as one of the drops escaped. “Without her temper, mind you. But you have that same curiosity, Alice, that same drive to know the truth. It’s rare and it should be nurtured.” John sighed deeply, staring at the water. “I tried so hard to protect her from my mistakes, from the past I couldn’t reconcile. There’s so much she still doesn’t know and I don’t have the heart to tell her.” He sagged just a little. “I worry what she’ll think of her old dad and I’m still wanting to be her hero, you know? She’s not a little girl anymore, though.” His big shoulders squared, that level confidence returned. “All I did in trying to shield her was drive her away. I lost her for a decade, Alice. And I’ll regret that the rest of my life.”
I hugged his arm, fighting more tears. For him, for Lucy, for Fee.
“Be patient with Denver,” John said then, “but if he can’t let you be who you are, he’s not worthy of you.” I didn’t want to hear that. Denver was everything to me. “I don’t think you have to worry, but you matter, Alice. You’re important. Don’t let anyone hold you back. Promise?”
The last thing I’d expected from John Fleming was a quasi-father/daughter talk that choked me up to the point I couldn’t speak, could only nod. I hugged him hard while he patted my back.
“Lay things out for Denver,” he whispered. “Tell him what’s what. He’ll sort it out or he won’t.”
He was right. A heart-to-heart with my boyfriend was definitely in the offing. Starting with the logo, the branding, the van, the equipment. All of it. Because none of it really fit me and if we were going to be a team, both of us had to be happy.
“At least we won’t have murders to deal with on a regular basis,” I said in an attempt at humor, not my best effort but the all I could offer to lighten the mood.
John chuckled, patting my knee before he rose and offered his hand. “Never say never. Who knows what you might stumble on out here in the world?”
I shivered a little, not a solid believer in precognition but pretty sure he’d just sealed my fate.
“If you ever need anything,” he said, “don’t hesitate, Alice. I’m a phone call away.” I nodded my gratitude before John stepped away, one hand rising in a wave.
“Now,” he said, “if you’ll excuse me, Ms. Moore, I’m going to go fulfill my obligation to you, my client, and assist Sheriff Green in his investigation.” With that, John spun on his heel and marched back the way he’d come, toward the exit and, I assumed, the sheriff’s office.
As I watched him go, I hugged myself, grinning into the humid evening. Why had I ever found John intimidating? He was the dearest man, and my envy for Fee having him as a father turned to a sigh. I’d never had a dad of my own. Was this what it felt like?
On impulse, Denver on my mind but needing to reach out, I fired off a quick text.
Thank you for letting me borrow your dad, I sent to my friend in Reading, then headed for my door. My phone buzzed almost instantly and, still grinning, lighthearted and rather tingly, I checked for Fee’s response.
Only to find it wasn’t my redheaded shero who’d messaged me.
I’m sending you the real timestamps, Andre sent.
That halted my forward motion. Thank you.
It’s not for you, he sent. If Noah killed Roman, we all deserve to know.
Do you think he did? I let that hang, waiting for the text in response, and exhaled heavily when I finally received the answer.
Yes.
Well now. So everything was shifted by five minutes? He didn’t need to send the timecodes if that was the case. I just needed to know forward or reverse.
That’s why his next text came as a surprise. I changed some of them, but not all. The short list he sent me held me rooted in place. For what it’s worth, I’m sorry, Alice. I knew Roman was trying to ruin you and I didn’t do anything about it.
I wasn’t interested in his apology, but not because it wasn’t appreciated. If anything, it was a kind thing for him to say, to admit he was wrong. I was, however, too wrapped up in the truth that was staring me in the face as I connected times to people, now embedded in my mind, and made a discovery that turned me around, still staring at my screen.
Noting, as I did, I had two emails, both of which caught my attention further. I opened the first, gaped and blinked over the contents. Absorbed that information even as I checked the second. Actually gasped and clutched at my throat with my free hand while I skimmed the message all the while feeling my heart beat a little erratically, body flooding with adrenaline when I realized I’d stumbled on the identity of the murderer by two random questions I’d asked two separate entities what felt like ages ago.
John. I had to find John. Looked up at the sound of a footstep, soft and furtive.
Just as a sharp pain exploded in the back of my head and darkness overwhelmed me.

***

Chapter Twenty Eight

Was it the humidity that ultimately woke me, nauseated and with the level of disorientation I’d never experience before? When I attempted to touch the aching place in the back of my skull, I struggled a moment with the fact I was unable to raise my arms over my head. In fact, it appeared my wrists were bound together, behind me, my right shoulder pressed into something hard and painfully unyielding, breath catching in the baleful depth of moisture in the air that choked me into panting inhalations.
He crouched into view, backlit by light from the kitchen, the now familiar space of the greenhouse at Princely House devouring me in the heat and water-laden air arguing with the ability my lungs had to process oxygen. I blinked at him, brain on fire with the agony of the blow he’d delivered, but recognizing Larry despite the shadows that hid his expression from me.
“Houser,” I whispered.
He lunged at me at the sound of that name, big hand over my mouth, driving me over onto my back. I sobbed once, fresh pain flaring when my head touched the cement floor, stomach heaving with the need to expel its contents in response to that much discomfort.
Larry didn’t seem to notice he’d left me in agony, however, the rage on his face twisting him into a masked devil prepared to do the worst. Since he already had, murdering Roman with a single kick, ending my life was obviously not going to make him lose sleep at night.
Especially now that I knew who he was. Who he really was. Roman Ellis wasn’t his first victim.
I didn’t have time to gather my badly abused wits or breath stolen by the heavy air of the greenhouse. Larry lurched to his feet and, with a mighty heave, dragged me upright. One hand clamped firmly around my bound wrists, he hustled me with a sharp and insistent shoving motion forward and out of the greenhouse, into the garden. I stumbled along as best I could, falling first on the stone path, feeling the flesh of my right knee tear along with the denim of my jeans in the first tumble and again as we passed the stone wall leading out of the manicured area and toward the tree line where I’d seen him burning papers earlier. Was that really just this morning? A whole lifetime had passed since Roman died.
“You killed him.” I managed to speak as he dragged me to my feet after my second tumble, the uncut grass at least a softer landing than the paving stones had been. I barely felt the injury to my leg for the pounding in my head. Still, I was self-aware enough I knew I had to keep him occupied or my end would be much quicker and the likelihood of rescue greatly reduced.
Rescue. Who on earth would even know where I was? I hadn’t told a soul what I’d uncovered. I hadn’t the time. I was alone here, with a murderer and I was about to be his next victim.
The need to survive forced me to talk, no matter the inevitability of the outcome and, perhaps despite himself, Larry answered.
“It was an accident.” He growled that in my ear, steering me down the rough path toward the trees and the swamp. “I just wanted to talk to him. He told me he’d set me up. I lost my temper.” Larry paused, dragging me to a halt, head up, as though waiting for something. A faint splash in the distance seemed to satisfy him because he shoved me roughly forward again a moment later. “I kicked him. He fell.” He shrugged like that should have been the end of it. “He deserved it. Don’t tell me you believe otherwise.”
There really wasn’t much I could say to that, so I remained quiet.
“I thought I was home free when that stupid ghost footage showed up.” No regret, not a hint of remorse. “Then I find out that idiot, Noah, was charged with assault and it matched what I’d done.” He almost seemed delighted by that. “I’ve always been lucky like that.”
Lucky. Was that what he called getting away with murder? This wasn’t the first time, after all. I wanted to confront him with what I knew, but Larry was still talking.
“And then I get this email,” he growled in my ear, pushing me harder, jerking me around at last at the edge of the swamp, the light from the house just enough illumination to keep me from sliding into the water. “From my alumni association. Asking if I knew Larry Princely. My mother’s maiden name. The one I’ve been using since I inherited this place.” He shook me then, fury returned, face twisted and hateful. “I knew who was asking before they even mentioned you, Alice.” Another jerking back and forth made me weep from the pain, my body collapsing from it though he refused to let me fall just yet, pulling me against him, hissing into my face. “You had to go poking around, didn’t you? You couldn’t leave it alone.” He let me go then and I didn’t exactly fall, but more so slithered to the ground, my knees letting go, the muscles in my legs unable to hold me upright any longer. I gave in to the weakness and fell to my side again, wishing the pain would just go away and on the verge of not caring anymore. Let him get away with killing Roman.
Except, of course, it wasn’t Roman who was the issue for me. Far from it.
Larry lingered, staring past me into the swamp and when he spoke his voice had leveled out, calmed to a clinical tone far more frightening than his anger. “I’ve been feeding the alligators,” he said. “You’re not supposed to, did you know that? It’s illegal in Florida.” Like this was any time for trivia. “There’s a really big one hanging around lately. He’s been… helpful.” Larry looked down at me, the light catching the edge of his face, reflecting from the insanity in his eyes and the thin plastic line of the contacts he wore. Contacts that changed the color of his eyes. “This was supposed to be a new start. A fresh opportunity. I meant to stop, you know. I didn’t want to bring the sins of my past with me.”
“Houser,” I repeated the name, barely a whisper, another faint splash, but closer this time, coming from the water behind me. “You’re Larry Houser. You got away with murder.”
He shrugged then, hands in his pockets, toe of one shoe nudging me as though contemplating his next move. Was that excitement on his face? Anticipation? “I haven’t been Larry Houser since I left Boston,” he said. “Cleared of all charges, by the way, years ago. But you know that already. Not guilty, the jury said.”
“They were wrong.” I found a little strength, enough to counter his amusement with a surge of desperate anger that would gain me nothing now. “Everyone knew it.” I hesitated, then made the connection. “Roman had proof of it.”
Larry crouched next to me again, grinning, stroking my hair. I barely had the strength to move away from his touch but did my best, paying for it with a surge of agony that made me whimper.
“Of course they were wrong,” he said. “I killed April Sommers that night. Choked her to death in the back of her car and left her for her mother to find.” His fingers lingered on my cheek. “And you know what? I loved every second of it.”
Terror won over pain, though the two were close companions. “You thought you got away with it. What did Roman have on you, Larry?”
“I did get away with it,” he said. “Roman was my alibi that night. He didn’t have proof, not really. Just suspected. Still, he agreed to keep his mouth shut and give me the cover I needed.”
“What did he want in return?” Roman would never have acted out of altruism or friendship.
Larry’s eyes narrowed, mouth turning down a moment. “Open favor.” He shrugged then. “I accepted. I had no choice.”
“He could have sent you into retrial,” I said.
Larry just grinned. “He didn’t though. Wouldn’t have. We all have our skeletons, Alice Moore. As for me, the law says I’m innocent and even if you tried to change that, you would fail. I was tried and found not guilty. Not that it matters. No one is going to hear what you have to say.” He glanced over my shoulder at the water while the horror of what was to come ate a hole inside me. Panic was not one of my favorite emotions. “With you dead, no one will be able to connect me to Roman’s murder either.”
“That’s not true,” I said. “Andre changed the times on the footage. Now that we have the real ones, the sheriff will see you were close enough at the right time to have killed Roman.”
Larry’s face showed his cunning, those eyes giving away the rapid circling of his mind as he thought the details through. I wasn’t so much hindering him as helping, apparently. “Thanks for the heads up,” he said. “I guess Larry Princely will have to go the way of Larry Houser. Time for a relocation.” He sighed, shrugged. “Things didn’t work out the way I wanted them to here, anyway. A reinvention is the best for everyone.”
“What were you burning in the barrel, Larry?” I needed to keep him engaged and connected to me, even if only for a few more minutes. So why, Alice? To stave off death by prehistoric monster a few seconds more? Yes, please.
Larry hesitated before answering. “I hate paper trails. They create unnecessary complications down the road. I learned that during my trial. A word to the wise, Alice. Cover your tracks and they’ll never catch you.” He patted my cheek. “Not that it’s going to help you any. Sorry about that.” He seemed suddenly furious, nostrils flaring. “It wasn’t supposed to happen this way, you know. I had it all worked out. Things were going to be perfect and then Roman showed up and ruined everything.” His jaw set, eyes fixed on the swamp behind me. “I’d even tested out my friend out there, found him amenable to the task of disposing of what I brought home with me from my trips out of state.” His laugh made my stomach churn worse than the ache in my head. The papers he was burning. Physical proof of his travels? Of the places he’d been where, I had no doubt, young women had gone mysteriously missing, never to be heard from again? I thought Roman a monster, his team wretched. They held nothing to this creature of darkness and despair. “It’s been so hard, you know, finding ways of getting rid of them after I’m done. My big friend makes that so much simpler.” Larry actually looked sad a moment, the sick freak. “I guess I’ll have to find another means to take care of the mess once the fun is over.”
“You’ve been killing women all along.” The alligator he coveted wasn’t even as much a beast as Larry. At least it was doing what it did out of millions of years of evolution. His actions were pure evil.
Larry nodded, suddenly silent, face intent. This was the moment, my ending. I grasped for another question and landed on the first email I’d received. “Shani,” I gasped. Larry frowned at me, head tilt telling me I had his attention again. “My friend Shani Busch,” I said. “She’s a historian. She dug into the Princely family tree. You made Juliet’s murder up.”
Larry chuckled at that, shook his head. “My own undoing in an attempt to create a bit of folklore around Princely House.” His amusement appeared real enough. “Imagine my surprise when guests started claiming they’d seen her? It’s how I finally figured out Roman set it up. He’d taken a brochure with him. It had to have been a fabrication for that stupid show of his.” He exhaled long and slow. “I’ll miss this place,” he said, real regret in his voice. When he met my eyes again, his were flat, cold, empty. “I’d love to take my time with you, get my money’s worth.” He laughed at that. “But I really should be going, Alice. Have fun with my friend. I’m sure he’ll show you the time of your life.”
I inhaled to try another question, comment, shout, scream. Something. Anything. While Larry stood slowly, hands going back into his pockets in that most casual of gestures, an almost tender look on his face. Just as he set the ball of his foot against my stomach and, with firm and steady pressure, pushed me into the water.

***

Chapter Twenty Nine

Remember how I said I’d panicked previously, my least favorite emotion ever? Apparently, I hadn’t, until the moment the swamp’s water closed over me, fully experienced the actual sensation that was true and unadulterated physical representation of what panic actually felt like.
Silly me for thinking I’d ever been visited by that level of abject terror without being thrust into the face of impending death. Sure, I’d been arrested for a crime I didn’t commit, put in prison, faced down women in said prison who wanted to hurt me. I’d even wrangled my way through the occasional unhappy conflict with clients who took things far enough I had to distance myself before things became physical.
There had even been the moment when, in Fee’s company, I’d been on the business end of a waving gun. All of these moments, I felt, put me in a position to accept I was rather a chicken in many ways and that panic was a horrific and layered dive deep into somewhere I’d rather never visit again.
Except, of course, none of those blips in time compared even remotely to what came next. The imagined versus the actuality was quite a variance to work through, if I may be so bold.
The horrid thing about panic, ultimately, was the flat-out animalistic embrace of reptile brain over all the body’s senses and reactions to the activities at hand. The conscious mind fled, or was deposed, by that most primitive of reactionary segments of the human psyche unwilling to give in at that instant death loomed large and toothy.
That being said, I must admit there was an equal and opposite side I had, up until that instant in time, failed to appreciate. There was actually also a beneficial and even critical truth about panic. For, in that moment of truth as the tepid, stinking water embraced me, the splash of my body sinking beneath the surface, the agony in my head vanished in a rushing surge of hormonal overload hitherto unfulfilled inside my body.
The water was shallow here at the edge of the swamp, so much so I struck bottom before my head went under, body flipping over onto my back, hands submerged in thick, oozing mud. I vaguely recall the separate and disconnected struggle my hands decided to partake in while my knees bent seeming of their own accord. By the time my feet pushed hard against the bottom, thigh muscles straining as my abdominals contracted as tightly as any athlete’s, my hands had slid free, well lubricated as they were by the muck, and threw themselves, my arms and the rest of my attached, for the edge of the path.
I honestly don’t recall heaving myself onto the grass, but I do remember, as though watching from a great distance, turning over on my back just in time to see a large and hungry mouth lunging from the water in my direction. Whether instinct or some snap reaction to impending doom, I lashed out with both feet, my heels striking the massive alligator firmly and squarely in the snout.
Was he shocked by such resistance? I can only guess what was going on in his own tiny reptile brain since mine was still fully engaged and in control. I back pedaled away from the edge of the water, panting and sobbing, scrambling for safety while he made his choice in my favor and chose to pursue less aggressive sustenance elsewhere.
I make no apologies for my sobbing and pathetic state while I dragged myself to my feet and, head now pounding all over again, staggered my weakly wobbly way back toward the garden. It did occur to me that Larry had run off without ensuring I was dead, a rather silly choice in my estimation, though it was an equally ridiculous thing to think about and was a sad reflection of the state of my mental condition, clearly.
It became apparent, however, as I made it past the stone wall and into the garden what had occurred to encourage Larry to flee before he was sure I’d been devoured by his frisky pet. I stuttered to a halt at the sight of John Fleming tackling the younger man to the ground, the pair rolling around a moment before Fee’s big father, much heavier and taller than Larry, gained the upper hand. With one smooth motion he rose from where he’d pinned the younger man to the ground and, with precision and firm attention, he knocked Larry out with a single punch.
I would have been much more impressed if I wasn’t, in that instant, collapsing to the ground myself, this time with the world around me wobbling with enough enthusiasm I literally couldn’t keep my feet.
That didn’t stop John from rushing to my side, crouching next to me, worry at war with excitement on his face. “Not really a great time for a swim, Alice.”
He was lucky I didn’t have the energy to respond.
***
Denver hugged me tightly, towel tucked around me. I didn’t want to complain, though the extra layer was overheating me and making my nausea worse. There was nothing, however, in the world that would compel me to reject him in that moment. I just wanted my boyfriend’s arms around me and for him to never, ever let me go.
I listened with half interest as John filled in Sheriff Green who stood in the back garden of Princely House, hands on his hips, mustache dancing, belly bouncing as he grunted his way through what the retired officer had to tell him. Turned out John knew about Larry, had discovered through other channels he was, in fact, Larry Houser and figured out via his investigative instincts Noah wasn’t the murderer after all. Larry was already gone and tucked away in the back of a police car by a pair of deputies and I was quite frankly happy to see the back side of him. It wasn’t lost on me, either, John’s arrival to question Larry had saved my life. Yes, I’d managed to free myself and escape doom on my own. Little doubt lingered, however, that if it hadn’t been for Fee’s dad and his timely arrival, Larry would have ensured my near-miraculous and panic-fed freedom from the giant alligator ended before it began.
“I’m so sorry I wasn’t here for you.” Denver had been apologizing off and on since he’d arrived at a run shortly after John texted him my location. The EMT’s had, as yet, to join us so it had been left to my boyfriend to care for me and he hadn’t left my side since retrieving the towel he’d engulfed me in. “This is all my fault. I shouldn’t have texted you mad like that.”
I kissed his cheek before snuggling down against him again. “We’ll talk about it,” I said. “We’re a team, Den. I need you. There are things you need to do for me, though.”
He nodded, rocking me just a little. “Anything.” He swallowed hard then, and whispered the next truth. “I’m afraid.”
“Of what?” I looked up at him, hating the agony and wobbly sensation that came from moving too much but needing to look in his eyes.
Denver hesitated, his own pain embedded in his dear face. “That you’ll outgrow me,” he said, head hanging. “You’re already so strong, Alice. You don’t really need me. You never did. I feel like I’m tagging along, that’s all.” He sighed then. “I’m worried you’re going to figure it out and then I’ll be alone again.”
The boy knew how to choke a girl up in the worst possible way at the wrong possible moment during the least favorable experience. Which made him absolutely perfect for me, I had to say.
I hugged him, kissed him, hugged him again in a flurry of activity that left me reeling. Head injury or not, I wasn’t going to let him suffer any longer, not if I could help it. I could handle a little wobble and stomach threats if it meant reassuring the guy I loved I wasn’t going anywhere if he wasn’t.
Here I thought I was the one who would be alone forever. Rather comforting to realize we were peas in a pod made just for the two of us.
“It’s not about needing you,” I whispered. “I honestly don’t think anyone needs another person, Denver.” He looked anguished, then accepting, almost pushing me away but I refused to let him, clinging on, finding strength I didn’t know I had. “It’s about choice. I chose you, you chose me. That’s so much more important.” He stopped fighting me then, focused and listening as I went on. “I want a partner, in life and in my work. A partner, Denver. Not you trying to make me into someone I’m not while you try to fit yourself into a role that doesn’t suit either of us.” I didn’t want to hurt him, but it was absolutely true.
John told me to lay it all out. Maybe this was worst timing, but it felt right to me.
Denver’s expression shifted, determined, sweet, loving. “Partners,” he said. Kissed me.
Amazing how kissing Denver always made everything all right.

***

Chapter Thirty 

Danny Nice greeted me with a squeak of joy and a massive hug, practically flinging herself into my arms the moment I entered the foyer of her family’s funeral parlor. She finally released me with a wince of sympathy after a groan I couldn’t suppress escaped in protest. Not that I didn’t appreciate her enthusiasm. I was rather fond of her myself. It just wasn’t great timing for overt shows of physical adoration, unfortunately.
She seemed to understand that, taking in my condition with a sweeping glance. One tiny hand reached out to touch my temple while I let the pain of the lingering injury show just for one more moment.
She was a friend, after all. I could be honest with her.
“I heard about what happened.” She led me gently but firmly to a long, low bench near the front desk of the mortuary, the cool interior a welcome respite from the heat of the Florida morning. “Concussion?”
I nodded, winced again. “Not a bad one, but enough they kept me overnight.” I hated hospitals, filled with the wandering echoes of those who had nowhere else to go and rarely even noticed one another in their drifting sorrow and confusion. Still, it had been hard to argue with the doctor since I’d been through the kind of ordeal I knew warranted observation. Denver was allowed to stay with me, so at least I had that much while I convalesced, his warm and loving presence actually doing wonders to deflect the grieving bits and pieces of people left behind. “They cleared me an hour ago. We’re packed and leaving for home.” The van waited, the long drive back to Reading pending like a dreaded task weighing on my chest. I wasn’t looking forward to it, not the drive itself that was the real problem. No, it was my condition that gave me pause, the short excursion here to Nice Funeral Services reminding me I should consider restricting food intake until my head stopped pounding.
On a sweet note, my thoughtful boyfriend had set up the inflatable bed in the back, so maybe I could ride some of the way in small but appreciated comfort.
Delaying the return trip wasn’t why I had come, however. While making friends had never really been easy for me, I felt an impulsive and intuitive push to ensure I didn’t leave without one final connection to the young woman beside me. “I wanted the chance to say goodbye.” No, I wasn’t crying. Yet. Though that state of being had been a regular occurrence the last little while and, I hoped, would dry up before too long. Emotional overwhelm was well and good, I supposed, if one was prepared for it.
Danny winked at me, poking me with one finger. “Goodbye is so overrated,” she said with an eye roll. “See you, ‘gator.” Her eyes flew wide, hands to her mouth as she realized what she said. A tinkling giggle escaped and I laughed with her, despite myself.
“How acutely relevant,” I said, droll tone typically falling short when I’d tried it in the past but eliciting another giggle fit from Danny.
“If you ever need anything.” She squeezed my hand. “This town gets a bit small and confining at times. A girl needs the chance to stretch her legs.” She sighed happily as she looked around the foyer of her family’s business. “Don’t get me wrong, I love it here. This will always be home. Still, a little adventure now and then? Hit me up, okay?”
That was an offer she might come to regret. “The same goes for you, Danny,” I said. “If you ever need the services of a medium. Or a friend.” I said the last in a rush, feeling shy all of a sudden, but Danny hugged me, taking it for what it was.
I actually hated to leave, now. Reluctant but knowing it was time, I stood, Danny rising next to me. As I passed the front desk, I paused. “Your receptionist isn’t here?” I wanted to say goodbye to her, too. Judy had been so kind, her sweetness lingered.
Danny frowned at me then, shook her head. “Who?”
“Judy Tucker,” I said. “She was just here yesterday.” Again my gaze traveled over the desk, the chair she’d sat in. No sign of her, though I did note the tag she’d worn sat rather prominently next to the phone, as though placed there with purpose, on purpose.
My new friend shivered, rubbing her arms, goosebumps clear on her skin as she beamed a smile at me, nodded. “Cool, Al,” she said, giggled, sighed. “I’ll tell Mom you saw her.” Danny paused, looked around, hope on her face. “She’d love to hear Judy is still hanging around.”
Ah. My talent, apparently, at work. Not unprecedented. The newly dead could carry themselves as still living for a short time, especially if positive emotions fed their echoes instead of negative. Funny how it worked that way in reality when myth told us the opposite. “Did she pass recently?”
“Just a week ago,” Danny said, sorrow in her voice, tears now in her eyes though that hope remained. “She was like family. We still miss her. Like I said, Mom will be thrilled.”
I nodded, nothing to say to that, as familiar with this conversation as I was with talks about those still with us. If anything, knowing Judy chose to show herself to me, to make me welcome, lifted my spirits like nothing else had.
Leave it to the dead to make me feel better. Typical Alice Moore.
Another hug and I left, heart light. I might have been a weirdo, awkward and socially undeveloped, but I’d not only made a friend, I’d given her family a semblance of peace after their loss.
What more could a medium ask for?
Denver fussed over me as I settled into the passenger’s seat, kissing me gently before driving away. I sank back and closed my eyes a moment, the rushing traffic and passing scenery making me dizzy. The moment I did, my mind returned to the case and the rest of my goodbyes.
We’d been paid the remainder of our retainer, imagine that. Clara had honored our contract, taking firm hold, apparently, of the crew and the show. With the sheriff’s excitement over capturing a serial killer keeping his attention, he’d agreed to drop the charges against the others if they left town and didn’t darken his doorway again. Clara was more than agreeable to that deal and the rest of them fell in line. I had zero doubt she’d be letting anyone else take control and if their rather browbeaten attitudes were any indication the collective who had previously worked for Roman Ellis weren’t about to fight their new boss. I didn’t know Clara really, but she seemed at least a little less dishonest and dishonorable than Roman, so it was a step up for the team and, hopefully, for the quality of show that remained Spirit Heroes.
It meant we were set financially for the time being, though I knew I would have to start looking for my next job the moment I was feeling better. Time for that when we arrived in Reading.
John had stopped into the hospital just before my release to give us the good news/bad news about Larry. “He’s going to prison,” he said, “for the murder of Roman Ellis.”
“But not the girls he killed,” I said, that dull feeling that came with resentment and frustration weighing on me.
“We win some and we lose some, Alice,” John said, squeezing my hand. “Believe it or not, this is a win. Besides, there’s lots of time now that he’s in custody to look into missing persons cases he might have had a hand in.” He let me go, tight grin of determination on his face. “I hear Sheriff Green is going alligator hunting.”
I wasn’t normally a fan of such activity, but I had a particular reason to feel relief at the suggestion my oversized reptile playmate might meet an untimely end. Fair enough on Larry’s fate, too. John was right. Justice was justice, even if only for someone who deserved to be murdered.
Did I think that out loud?
I opened my eyes and turned my head to look at my darling Denver who met my gaze with his own open, earnest expression.
“I was thinking,” he said, tentative but determined. “That’s where I was, by the way. Yesterday. Thinking.” He looked out the driver’s window, shoulders rounding forward. Blaming himself for leaving me in the midst of the investigation he hadn’t wanted me to partake of in the first place. “I should never have gone for that drive. But I had a lot of thinking to do. About us and the way you and I work together.”
I sat quietly and waited for the rest.
“The changes I made to your brand? The website, this van, the equipment?” He shook his head, hands clenched on the steering wheel. “I was trying to make both of us into something we’re not, Alice. So how about we do things differently?”
I smiled, nodded. “What did you have in mind?”
“Sell the van,” he said, shocking me with his intensity. “And all the fake stuff I thought would make me look like I was supposed to be doing this job. But you know what? All we need? We have it already and that makes us the best team out there.”
I beamed at him, despite the lingering pain, despite the fact looking at him while the world rushed past his window made me nauseated. “Team Hatchmoore,” I said.
“No, Alice,” he grinned. “ParaMoore.” He seemed rather pleased with himself. “ParaMoore Investigators. Fronted by none other than Alice Moore, medium.”
“And her faithful partner, tech genius, Denver Hatch.” I waited for him to nod. It took a bit, but he finally did.
I laughed as I thought it through, despite the pain, loving the play on words. While not necessarily an illicit lover, he was my paramour, wasn’t he, my true love and protector, despite myself.
The more I thought about it, the miles passing beneath our wheels, the more I adored everything about it. Just like I adored him.
Whatever came next, whatever life threw at us from here on in, we were a team. ParaMoore Investigators were on the job.

***



###
Like what you read?
Find more at www.pattilarsen.com
And find book two, Medium at Large, right HERE!
And don’t forget to sign up for new releases!
http://bit.ly/PattiLarsenEmail

***

Author Notes

My very darling reader:
I had no idea when I was writing the Fiona Fleming Cozy Mysteries there would be voices wanting their own time to be heard, least of all someone as typically quiet and unobtrusive as Alice Moore. When she informed me she had her own series and that she’d be traveling the US with Denver at her side, encountering paranormal phenomena that was her responsibility to prove or disprove, I signed on right away.
How fun, right? The chance to dip into a variety of unexplained events through the eyes of an awkward and delightful twenty-something who can speak to the dead was too good an opportunity to pass up.
What I didn’t know? Some of the people she’s going to meet along the way want their own books, too. Like Danny Nice, the bubbly and itty-bitty coroner of Niceville, Florida. We’ll be seeing her again in the pages of Alice’s adventures, but I have a feeling she’s not going to be satisfied with trailing along after our medium for very long.
I’m always a little anxious when I start writing in a new voice. I’d been with Fee for a year and a half, and she’s carried me through a lot of changes in my life. I miss her still, can’t wait to dip into her new series. But Alice’s softer, more intelligent and yet clearly out-there personality appeals in new ways.
I hope you enjoyed Social Medium. I’m already working on book two, Medium At Large, while, on a fun note, co-writing two cozy mystery series with a pair of friends I adore. I’ll share more about that when we’re closer to publication. For now, I’m going to hitch a ride with Alice and Denver and see what kind of trouble they can get themselves into.
Best,
Patti

About the Author 

Everything you need to know about me is in this one statement: I’ve wanted to be a writer since I was a little girl, and now I’m doing it. How cool is that, being able to follow your dream and make it reality? I’ve tried everything from university to college, graduating the second with a journalism diploma (I sucked at telling real stories), am an enthusiastic member of an all-girl improv troupe (if you’ve never tried it, I highly recommend making things up as you go along as often as possible) and I get to teach and perform with an amazing group of women I adore. I’ve even been in a Celtic girl band (some of our stuff is on YouTube!) and was an independent film maker (go check out the Lovely Witches Club at https://lovelywitchesclub.com). My life has been one creative thing after another—all leading me here, to writing books for a living. 
Now with multiple series in happy publication, I live on beautiful and magical Prince Edward Island (I know you’ve heard of Anne of Green Gables) with my multitude of pets. 
I love-love-love hearing from you! You can reach me (and I promise I’ll message back) at patti@pattilarsen.com. And if you’re eager for your next dose of Patti Larsen books (usually about one release a month) come join my mailing list! All the best up and coming, giveaways, contests and, of course, my observations on the world (aren’t you just dying to know what I think about everything?) all in one place: https://bit.ly/PattiLarsenEmail.
Last—but not least!—I hope you enjoyed what you read! Your happiness is my happiness. And I’d love to hear just what you thought. A review where you found this book would mean the world to me—reviews feed writers more than you will ever know. So, loved it (or not so much), your honest review would make my day. Thank you!
