


Suspicion of Murder
James Ward 

Copyright 2020  by James Ward

Smashwords Edition



Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
Chapter 1 Mistresses & Murders
Chapter 2 Shard is a Suspect
Chapter 3 Suspicion Deepens
Chapter 4 Even Worse 
Chapter 5 The Kaiser Removes Shard
Chapter 6 Who is Tim Winter
Chapter 7 Shard Disobeys the Kaiser
Chapter 8 The Kaiser Retaliates
Chapter 9 Ayn Rand
Chapter 10 Gunshots
Chapter 11 Hope is Hope
Chapter 12 O'Reilly to the Rescue
Chapter 13 Jarl Hacon Solves Crimes
Chapter 14 Shard's Past Saves Hope
About the Author
Acknowledgements
I would like to give credit to my late wife, Roberta Shannon Ward, an inveterate mystery reader, for the books’ plots and characters. When she became too ill to teach high school, we decided to write a mystery. We outlined the books as we cooked dinner. When we had a stack of paper filled with scribbling topped off with dried sauces, vegetable parts, and much unidentifiable dinner matter, we agreed she would write and I would proofread. She found that she” hadn’t the voice” to write and we switched roles. We enjoyed it so much that we finished a second and were into a third when Roberta died. I finished that one alone.
My sister, Sharon Caher, who lives in what she calls “the Miami of the North”, Olcott, New York, is my Vice President for Production. She spent years in the Buffalo public schools’ IT department and knows how to make these infernal machines operate. She set up our whole system, created the book covers, and figured out how to take out many of my reading gaffes. She is working to put the printed copies of the volumes on line.
 Keeping the team in the family, my grandson Henry Ward Chambers, my Vice President for Public Relations, has splashed mention of the Shard Chronicles across the etherscape. He came up with our name and the word is, he has even listened to our podcasts. My daughter, Anne Ward, encouraged me to take this on and has done a heroic job of riding herd on my PRVP. She has also lured her husband and older son, Ted, to listen to Shard’s travails
Diana Barrow, an accomplished soul, whom I’ve never seen without a book, often a mystery, was my ace editor. She recommended gobs of changes, many of them structural, all of which made for better reading. She is one of the best editors I have ever had. My friend, Juliana Ratliff, donated her closet to the Shard project. She allowed me to set up my broadcasting studio in it, somewhere between the navy blue and black garments, to drown out sirens, lawn lawn equipment, robo callers, traffic noises, and the like. Best of all, she feeds me!
These congenial folks made this project fun and I heartily thank all of them for their efforts. If you enjoyed Shard’s adventures, thank the folks mentioned above. If you did not, blame me!
CHAPTER 1 
Mistresses & Murder
Saturday Morning, Albany
“I tell you Tony, I’m still pissed at that two-bit, hick sheriff’s deputy. The bastard screwed up our land scam, and he got me in trouble with the cops. He thinks I offed that dipshit lawyer who weren’t even working for us. I’ve never killed nobody, you know that. I never told Tiny to kill the guy neither, just rough him up a little. Get his attention. Tiny’s so damned stupid he wipes the guy. But I gotta protect my boys, Tony, and I don’t gotta take that cops’ crap. That deputy, what’s his damned name, something Shard -- a stupid name -- threatened me. Me. Said he’d watch me. I don’t take that shit. I talked to Uncle Joe in Utica and he promised he’d take care of the deputy for me for a few thousand. But Jesus, Tony, I don’t wanna hit cops. That’s like slapping lasagna with a spade. You end up with crap all over you. Know what I mean?”
“Let it alone, Alphie. We got other businesses, and your Little Italy’s a nice cover for us. Besides I like its food. You’re respected. Leave the cops alone. We pay enough to keep ‘em off our backs. Kill one, and we end up at the bottom of a well.”
“But I got my reputation to protect, Tony. I’ll lose respect if I let the cops slap me around. And the word is out. Tiny can’t keep his trap shut. I’d like to tie Shard up in your car wash, turn the water to boiling, and leave him sit there for a day. That’d teach the bastard.”
“I can’t get no water that hot, Alphie.”
“I know that Tony. Just dreaming, you know.”
Alphie filled Tony’s glass with a cheap, red, domestic wine that he bought by the truckload and then had his boys slap Italian labels on the bottles. Nobody knew the difference.
“Uncle Joe is smart,” Alphie said, “bet he could figure a way to ruin that asshole cop. Maybe a woman? Think he’s got one? He looks like he never had no pussy. Maybe Uncle Joe could set him up. Know what I mean? Dead broad in his bed or something. Nuthin he could pin on me. Maybe Uncle Joe could off a Catholic broad. Wouldn’t that be funny? The boys would like that. I’ll call Uncle Joe. He’s got boys all over the state. Whatcha think, Tony?”
“As long as we don’t use any boiling water or my car wash, I’m okay with it Alphie. But keep it cheap; business ain’t that good. And I don’t know about the Catholic broad thing. Father Dominic wouldn’t like it.”
“I don’t think he cares about no broads, Tony.”
Saturday Morning, Rochester
 “Does it always snow here?” the man asked as he looked out the window of Rochester airport’s Ramada Inn. “It looks like God is smothering us with the stuff. I can’t even see the cars in the parking lot any more. Christ, we may never get out of here. But, on second thought, that’s not all bad, is it?”
The woman on the bed rolled her lithe body on its side to face him. “I don’t know. It depends.”
He poured a generous dollop of vodka into a plastic glass, added exactly two drops of vermouth, a couple of ice cubes, and delivered the drink to her.
She watched him walk towards her. He claimed to be only forty-three, but looked at least a decade older. Not bad though, she thought, but well into middle-aged flab. She’d never liked the way he combed his black, shiny hair across his bald spot. His belly sagged towards his pelvis, and she noticed it made his penis and balls look smaller, almost childlike. It didn’t help that most of his five feet eight inches of height was in his torso. But still, his cherubic face with its overly large, expressive brown eyes and cute smile hinted at a younger man’s appeal that had attracted her when he sauntered into her pharmacy.
“Depends on what?” he asked, as he walked back to the window where he made another vodka martini for himself and clicked on the television. The History Channel was showing a rerun of an old documentary, Locomotion, an inquiry into railways’ roles in US development. He was torn between watching a short scene that featured a wood burning, pre-Civil War steam engine or staring at the almost flawless form of the thirty-six year old woman lying on the bed. God, she’s beautiful, he thought, perfectly shaped medium sized breasts that only sagged a little, tipped with hard, liver-hued nipples, a tapered waist, and well proportioned hips separated by a triangle of untrimmed curly, brown pubic hair. The mere thought of womanly smells trapped in that hair aroused him. Her only flaw, besides being brunette instead of blonde, was her height. She towered over him by at least two inches and stood over six feet in high heels. She often made him feel insignificant, and he never understood what she saw in him because he was no beauty. But he wasn’t going to question her lust for his body. It was all too much fun.
“I was just thinking,” she said, “that we’ve been in dozens of bedrooms like this, and I don’t see this going anywhere. You’re fine; you have a wife, a home, financial security, and a bit of arm candy when you want. You can walk and not lose much. Whereas, I’m divorced, live alone in a big house, have no children, and have to work almost thirty more years before I can retire. Bottom line here is that you know that I need you more than you need me.”
“Aw, that’s not true. You’re my baby. Haven’t I been good to you?”
“Yeah, but you haven’t given me what I want most and what you promised me -- security. You swore six months ago that you’d ask for a divorce. Have you? No! And you never will. We’ve talked about this dozens of times, and always it’s the same.”
“It’s just never been the right time, babe,” he said, keeping an eye on the TV commentator going on about Americans’ love affair with trains. “But I will, I will, I promise.”
“Crap. You’re full of crap. Next year we’ll be in another cruddy motel, in some other horseshit burg, naked, drinking, talking about this while you watch some damned show on the History Channel. I’m lucky they aren’t showing something on World War I. It would give you a hard on, but you wouldn’t notice it until the show was over.”
“What about World War I?” he asked.
“Goddamn it! That’s just the point. You never listen to me! You don’t need me. I’m not even sure you want me. You can sit there nude, drink yourself stupid, watch choo choo trains, and be happy. You have a home to go back to.”
He reluctantly tore his eyes away from an enlarged still photograph of a boomtown along the Union Pacific Railroad, and made her another drink. As he opened his mouth to reply, his cell phone played “Uptown Girl.”
“Hello?”
 “Oh, hi.” The brunette could hear every word the caller said. She smiled, and snuggled down with her fresh martini.
“You don’t understand, dear,” he said casually. “The plane had to land in Rochester because it couldn’t get into Syracuse. They hadn’t plowed the runways yet, so the pilot turned around and landed here. And it’s snowing so heavily that we can’t get out. The airline put me up for the night.”
His wife’s irate voice sounded as though she were using a megaphone.
“I know, dear, but they wouldn’t let me use my cell phone to warn you not to come to the Syracuse airport. It wasn’t my fault.”
He held the phone away from his ear in anticipation of her next blast. He wasn’t disappointed.
“No, dear, I’m not in bed with some floozy.” A broad smile spread across his face as he realized that he was technically telling the truth. He was seated in a chair.
Another screed blasted from his phone.
“No, dear, I’d never cheat on you. You know that.” He was sorry the moment he said it. She’d been suspicious of his meanderings for years, long before he had tumbled into bed with this find.
Another verbal thunderstorm followed.
“No, I promise I’ll be home tomorrow. If the planes don’t fly, I’ll rent a car. Don’t worry.”
The woman on the bed drained most all of her drink, and with a great deal of grace, slid off the edge of the bed, unfolded her lanky frame, and sashayed slowly into the bathroom, so as not to miss a precious word of the phone conversation. She rooted in her cosmetic bag, found a couple of Valium, and downed them with the dregs of her drink. She paused, looked at the man, then mixed another martini, twice as large as his, and eased back on the bed, fortified for the argument she knew was coming.
“No dear, I promise. Cross my heart. My phone’s battery is low; I have to hang up. Sleep well.” He cut her off.
“Damn woman,” he mumbled, as much to the TV as to the luscious woman lying on their bed.
“You slimy sonofabitch,” she said, and took a large sip of her drink. “I could hear every word your wife said. She knows you’re screwing around, and I bet you screwed around with her while you were still married to your first wife. I must be out of my goddamned mind to stay with you. You use me just as you did her, and God knows how many other lonely women.”
Reluctantly, as he dragged his eyes away from a builders’ photo of a brand new Baldwin steam engine posed on the company’s turntable, he began to reply, but she cut him off.
“Here’s what we’re going to do, you scumbag. I’ll give you one week to demand a divorce and move out of your house. If you don’t, I’ll call your wife and tell her what you’ve been doing for a year. I’ll give her all the lurid details, such as what you like to do with your face buried in my bush, and what you make me do to get you hot. I’ll explain how you siphoned money from your company’s accounts to hide our expenses. I’ll even confess that you rewarded my sexual prowess with a new Honda and promised me a Mercedes if I did even more sick things to you, which is why I still have the Honda. After that I’ll call your boss, and hint that he might be interested to audit your travel account. I’ll get your ass fired, and you thrown out of your house. I’ll testify for your wife in your divorce; you’ll come out of this with nothing, no wife, no mistress, no job, no assets, no pension, no self-respect.”
“I’ll get my Honda back, you bitch.”
“I’m ashamed to admit I worked for that car,” she said. “I traded my self-respect for it. It’s my big public letter “A.”  Right now, even if you did get a divorce, I don’t think I’d want you.”
She started to cry, barely able to keep her drink from spilling.
He got out of his chair and crawled on his hands and knees across the bed. “Now, babe, you’re just upset. I promise I’ll do….”
She dashed her drink in his face.
“Goddam it,” he spit out in a voice a half an octave higher than normal.
Saturday, Albany
“That cop Shard is driving me nuts, Tony. I called Uncle Joe. He knows all kinds of shit,” Alphie said.
“What did he say?” Tony asked.
“We can do some stuff. Get back at him. Joe’s guy found out that he has a squeeze in Buffalo. Maybe we can do something to her. Joe’s wife’s father is a big deal out there. Maybe kill her and leave her body on Shard’s doorstep? Scare the shit outta him.” Alphie said.
“Better to leave her in his bed. That’d be too funny.”
“Yeah, I like that too. Wanna do it? It’ll cost us ten big ones, more if we want fast service. I’ll talk to Pipi to see if he’ll go in with us. Get him to launder a little dough for the job. Are you game? You can’t just sit here, and watch city water run through your damned car wash. You’re going to get us into trouble for stealing it, Joe. We’ll end up in the can over your damned water. Just pay for the damned stuff, like I do,” Alphie said.
“You know how much Goddamned water I use a month? It’s cheaper to buy the cops off. I told you that a hundred times. Don’t you understand nothing? You only use water to boil your friggin noodles and water your sauces.”
“Wash the damned cars dry. Don’t use no water,” Alphie said.
“You’re full of shit.”
“Okay, okay, we’ll talk about that later. Are you in with me on this? All three of us gotta be in,” Alphie said.
“Shit, I guess so, but killing broads ain’t my thing.”
“Mine neither, but it’ll get the cops off our asses and show them we ain’t going to be fucked with. Gotta do that. Right?” Alphie asked.
“I guess.”
“Let’s go for the fast job, Tony. I’m in a hurry,” Alphie said.
Saturday, Utica
“If this damned snow doesn’t stop, I’m going to set my house on fire, collect the insurance, buy a used Dodge Caravan, and move to the Everglades to hide from my wife and her grasping lawyers. In fact, I may do it anyway to salvage my sanity.”
“You haven’t been sane in years, Stan. If you were, we wouldn’t be sitting here. You’d be home with your perky little wife and kids playing with Legos. Instead, you spend all your spare time trying to get in my pants.”
“That’s a lot more fun than playing with Legos,” Stan said, as he sat down next to her on the couch and slipped his hand under her skirt, and gently slid his fingers up her slightly splayed thighs.
“You make this easy for me, my dear. You don’t have any panties on this afternoon. You must really want it.”
“I must have forgotten,” she said, as she sipped her highball. “But I’m really not in the mood. This snow depresses me. What I really want is some explanation of where this is all heading.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, my husband is shacked up with that druggie bimbo of his in Rochester, and you’re fiddling with my parts. Am I spreading my legs just to get back at him for diddling that whore? Why do you have your hand up my thigh? What went wrong with your marriage? No, don’t answer that. I’ve already endured hours of your complaints. They all boil down to Sarah found out about us, moved out, and is suing you for divorce. I’ve told you again and again that I don’t want to marry you, even if I were free to do so. I’m not in love with you, and never have been. So, there. Nor am I in love with that philandering fool I married. This is one helluva a mess, Stan.”
“Aw, it isn’t that bad, dear. We have a lot of fun together. You’re dynamite in bed. I’ll give you that.”
“Yeah, when you’re on top of me. Does anything else hold this affair together? I don’t know what the hell I see in you.”
“I know what you like about me,” Stand said with a lascivious smile on his face. “You’ve always liked it. So did Sarah and all the other women I’ve screwed. I’m good at this stuff.”
“Oh, don’t be so damned pompous. I’ve had better, much better.”
“Oh yeah, with whom?”
“That guy I lived with for years who was all man, if you get my meaning. But I made the mistake of leaving him. I must have been out of my mind.”
“My guess is that you were out of your panties, just like now,” Stan said, as he wiggled his fingers between her legs. She was dry. 
“You’re a hot woman,” he said.
“Bullshit! I’m just stupid. This is stupid. You’re stupid. This whole affair is stupid. Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! I’ve got to straighten my life out. I’ve got to get rid of you and my husband and start over while I’m still young enough.”
Stan withdrew his hand, smoothed down her skirt, took a gulp of his chilled vodka, and stared at her in disbelief.
“You can’t mean that. We’ve had a lot of good times, haven’t we?”
“Yeah, but they were all in bed. What else do we have? Do we go out? No, we can’t. Do we travel? No, we can’t. Your house, my house, cheap motels and hotels, that’s all. I’m tired of the cheating, the lying, and the sneakiness. It’s cheap, Stan, that’s what it is. If I had my druthers, I’d go back to the guy I used to love, and maybe still do, and start over. That’s what I’d do. You know, damn it, maybe I will.”
Stan leaned over to kiss her, his eyes closed, a self-satisfied smirk on his face, the look of a man who knew how to have his way with women.
She turned towards him, and slapped him hard across the side of his face.
He let out a curse and grabbed her by the throat.
Saturday Evening, Buffalo
 “Does it always snow like this in Buffalo?” Thomas Shard asked as he smeared his gloved hand around the inside of his fogged windshield so he could see the edge of the road through quarter-sized snowflakes so heavy he could hear them land on his car’s canvas top. “Why do you live in this God-forsaken place?”
“That’s two questions, world-class detective. First, it only snows this hard after the wind dies,” Ellen said.
“Yeah, and then what happens when the wind winds up again?”
“It gets far too cold to ride in this bucket. You know they now make cars with heaters that put out heat. Some of them even have defrosters so you can see through the windshield. Moreover, I’ve also heard that many cars built after 1915 have windows, real glass ones that crank up and down from the inside. You must have one of the last cars ever built with side curtains.”
 “Make fun of my classic. Just try to buy a 1954 Morgan these days. It’ll cost you a fortune. I’ll grant you its heater isn’t the most efficient in the world, but the Brits always dress in wool. I hear girls even wear wool bloomers.”
“As for your second question, Lieutenant, I live here because this is where I earn my living. And as a CPA, I can tell you professionally that you can’t depreciate this bucket on your taxes. It depreciated out about four decades ago.”
“It’s running, isn’t it?”
“That, in itself, is something of a miracle. I remember the time it wouldn’t start after Leyden’s Fourth of July parade. Remember that?”
“It was hot that day and Morgans don’t like heat. They prefer the feel of warm woolen bloomers on their cold leather seats.”
“I don’t know how you talked me into going out to dinner in this thing. I have a perfectly good Lexus with a heater. And windows.”
“To be frank, if the weatherman had predicted snow like this, I wouldn’t have brought it. I’d have brought my working car,” said Shard.
“Oh good, then you could have taken me to dinner with your siren blaring and lights flashing. That’d be a grand entrance for the guy in valet parking. He’d have fled, probably because there are eight outstanding warrants for his arrest.”
“It was a fine meal, though,” Shard said. “The best part was looking across the table at you, still as beautiful as you were when we dated in high school.”
“Well, thank you, copper. At least you didn’t wear your uniform tonight. If my clients saw me accompanied by a uniform, my business would have plummeted fifty percent.”
“I never wear my uniform, except to funerals and the sheriff’s swearing in.”
“Speaking of that, how’s the Kaiser doing in his re-election bid? If he loses, my meal ticket tonight may be forced to become a uniformed Wal Mart greeter.”
“Funny, but unfortunately some truth to it,” Shard said, as he wrestled the steering wheel to avoid a mound of snow appreciably higher than his car. “Don’t they ever haul these piles away? In Leyden we keep our snow banks below cars’ window so drivers can see when they make a turn.”
“Listen, lawman, if we kept our banks below the sills of this thing, they’d only be four inches high.”
“Stutzenberger is in the toughest race of his life,” Shard said. “The outs found an ex-FBI man to run against him, and the guy is sharp. The sheriff is spending most of his time glad-handing and raising money, lots of it. That makes it easier on us because he’s outside the department most of the time, but he’s also much more impatient. He wants every case solved in a wink, and he wants all crime to cease for the duration of the campaign.”
“I always wondered, big boy, what percentage of your murders you solved. To hear you talk, you have a perfect record.”
“You’re wrong,” Shard said, as he vigorously rubbed the inside of his windshield again while he revved the engine, downshifted, and braked to avoid a dog ambling across the snow-covered street.
“Why don’t they keep their mutts inside on a night like this?”
“I’m wrong about what?” she asked.
“I’m not perfect.”
She let out a snort.
“Do tell. If you were, you’d be sheriff.”
“Never. In the four years since I left the state police, I’ve worked ten murders. I solved nine. That my friend, rounds out to about a ninety percent success rate. Pretty good, huh? Better than twice the national average.”
“What one didn’t you solve?”
“I knew you’d only care about that one. It still nags at me. I keep hoping that some night I’ll wake up with a brilliant idea about a new lead, but so far I’ve slept like a baby.”
“You didn’t last night,” Ellen said.
 “I’ll figure it out someday. I may even figure you out someday.”
“What do you mean? I’m transparent.”
“No woman is transparent. Not even opaque. Best I can hope for is that you have directions tattooed on your clavicle.”
“I don’t do tattoos.”
“That makes you as difficult to solve as the Davis murder.”
“I wasn’t difficult last night.”
“That’s true. You were terrific. I still feel warm all over.”
“Well, I don’t inside this rolling wreck.”
“I promise I’ll warm you up when we get to your house.”
“I hope so. By the way, when do you plan to go back to Leyden?”
“If I had my druthers, and you were always as good as you were last night,” Shard said, “I’d stay forever. But, if it stops snowing, or I can see through the windshield, I’ll leave tomorrow afternoon.”
“I take it you don’t have any beheadings, slit throats, bullet wounds, stabbings, hangings, beatings, or whatever on your desk this weekend.”
“If I did, I wouldn’t be out here cuddling the prettiest CPA in New York State. Which reminds me, is daughter Alice out for the evening?”
“Oh, aren’t you the sly one. Are you interested in whether your coast is clear?”
“No, I’m interested in Alice’s well-being.”
“Right! But to answer your question, she’s spending the night at a friend’s house with a dozen other twelve-year old girls. The parents are home. I checked.”
“Good.”
“Good what?”
“Good that you checked.”
She gave him the warmest smile she could muster in his freezing Morgan.
Saturday Evening, Buffalo
The two men in a black Cadillac with darkened windows drove slowly down the residential street near the Millard Fillmore hospital.
“Slow down. It’s snowing so damned hard, I can’t read the numbers,” Sam said. “Why the hell couldn’t the Boss have waited until next week to do this job. Then we’d be ass-deep in good vino and hot broads tonight. That sounds a helluva lot better than this gig. Jesus!”
The black car slowed to a crawl and the driver put his high beams on. “I can’t see nuthin’ either,” he said, “but them directions you got say she lives on this street. Ellen somebody, right?”
“Yeah, at 3346 Hanover. Are we on Hanover?”
“That’s what the sign said way the hell back there. But what if she ain’t home? The Boss is going to be madder than hell.”
“He’ll get over it. He needs us,” Sam said. 
“Why the hell can’t we do it in July?” Joe asked.
“Stop! We just passed it. Back the hell up,” Sam yelled.
“Christ, I ain’t deaf you bastard,” Joe said, as he carefully brought the big car to a halt and slowly backed up.”
“Which one is it?” he asked.
“The one with the brick whatjamabobs on the sides of the driveway. There.”
Joe pulled the car into the driveway and up to the house.
“Here’s what we do, Sam. We ring the doorbell, when she answers I ask if she’s Ellen. When she says yes, I cold-cock her and you grab her by the neck and strangle her. Kill her in her place. Thataway we keep our car clean.”
“Why I gotta do the dirty work? Why not I belt her and you off her? You’re older.”
“That’s why we do it my way, you idiot. I’m the Boss here.”
“Bullshit,” Sam said, “you’re just bigger.”
“Same difference. Get your ass outta the car.”
“What if her husband answers the door,” Sam asked. “Whadda we do then?”
“She ain’t got no husband. That’s why that cop’s dicking her. That’s why we gotta kill her. Remember?”
The moment Ellen admitted who she was, Sam’s meaty fist smashed into the center of her face, breaking her nose, knocking her flat on the carpet, and spattering blood everywhere. Screaming at the top of her lungs she jumped up from the floor and ran into the living room. 
“You slut,” Sam yelled, as the heavy grey and orange china dog she’d thrown burst into pieces when it smashed into his forehead. Sam caught up and spun her around as she reached for the fireplace poker. He pummeled her face and chest, swearing it was her fault that she didn’t stand in the door and let them kill her.
“Keep beating the shit out of the broad and I won’t have to strangle her,” Joe said.
When Ellen lay motionless on the rug, Sam gave her one last vicious kick and turned, face aflame with veins bulging out on his forehead. “You gotta kill her,” he gasped. “The Boss wants her strangled. Hurry up before she dies. Jesus, what a bitch. She threw a damned dog at me. Christ, that hurt.”
Joe finished the job.
Sunday Morning, Buffalo
“Why are dead people so heavy, Sam?” Joe asked. “I shoulda taken biology in high school, then I’d know.”
“You shoulda gone to high school, you idiot, then you wouldn’t ask such stupid questions. It’s because the blood runs to their feet when they’re dead. That makes them heavier.”
“Oh.”
“Now, look at the Boss’s instructions. Where’s that cop live? We gotta dump her in his bed. And, before you ask, I don’t know why. The Boss ain’t told me.”
“I can’t read his scribbling. And I can read. Some. Look at this before we leave, will ya?”
“Shit, I can’t make much out of it either. There’s Ellen, this address, and the cop’s name Thomas Sh something or other, in some town that starts with an L, but it ain’t a long word,” Sam said. “Whatchya think?”
“Yeah, something like that, but it ain’t much helpful.”
“Well, we can’t call the Boss and tell him he can’t write good, can we? Grab the map in the glove compartment and find the closest town that starts with an L and has a short name. We’ll go there and look up Thomas Sharper, Shively, Shipmunk, or whatever in the phone book. I just want to get her the hell outta my trunk. I don’t like hauling dead broads around in the snow.”
“Yeah, Sam. What if we get picked up by the cops? What do we say?”
“I’m gonna say you killed her and I don’t know who the hell you are. Shut up.”
Tuesday Afternoon, Leyden
Shard sat with his feet on his desk, and watched the snow through his window. His mind drifted back to weekend pleasures. The memories prompted an urge for an unfiltered Camel. He swung his feet to the floor, picked up his wastebasket, and removed the cigarette lightly taped to its bottom. After he lighted it, Sharon Periwinkle, one of his sergeants, came in, and offering a cheery, “well, it’s almost time to go home,” and sat down in the other chair.
She was one of the most alluring thirty year olds he’d ever seen, and he wished he were ten years younger. Not only was she well put together, as Knut Johnsen, his other sergeant, often observed, but she had the most beautiful, long, thick crop of shiny auburn hair Shard ever seen. It was all he could do sometimes to restrain himself from running his fingers through it. She was wearing a blue sweater with wolves running across her bosom. Upon closer examination he noticed that the longer yarn delineating the wolves made them look furry. He ached to stroke them until they purred.
He never could understand how a woman that bright and pretty was unmarried, in fact, didn’t even have a boyfriend. He often kidded her about it. But Periwinkle was more than a just a pretty face. What she couldn’t find on a computer probably wasn’t on it. She’d never met a firewall she couldn’t break, or a corporate record or a personal financial report she couldn’t unearth. She’s invaluable to a Luddite like me, Shard thought.
“What have you been up to this afternoon?” he asked.
“Chasing down evidence for two DUI cases coming up next week. We picked both up for driving erratically in a snowstorm. Was it the booze or the slippery roads? That’s what the prosecutor wants to know.”
“Who are they?”
“One is our friend Percy Willow.”
“He was drunk,” Shard said without hesitation. “He’s been drunk for thirty years. I don’t think anyone has ever seen him sober. He’ll get off; drunk is his normal state. Besides, he’s never hit anyone when driving. He prefers inanimate objects. Well, except for the cow he dispatched a few years back.”
“A cow? In the road?”
“No, he ran over him in the pasture. Claimed he took a wrong turn. Regardless, he sure as hell surprised one bossy. Who’s the other?”
“Wanda Fulbright.”
“Don’t know her. Blood alcohol level?”
“She refused the breathalyzer. It’s her right.”
“Hit anyone?”
“No, ran her into a ditch on Black River Road.”
“She’ll get off,” Shard said. “Wasted your afternoon. Haven’t we had anything more interesting? We went an entire weekend without an armed robbery, domestic disturbance, riot, mugging, or even interesting litter. You’d think one of our upstanding citizens would have pushed a broken refrigerator out of his pickup in the middle of the road.”
“With all this snow, we wouldn’t find it until spring, Boss.”
“Whose refrigerator’s in the snow?” Johnsen asked, as his almost six and a half feet of bulk darkened the doorway. His eyes registered that he was chairless; he’d won the overturned wastebasket. He wished Shard would requisition a bigger trashcan that would fit his rear end.
“It’s been snowing since July,” Johnsen said, and neither Shard nor Periwinkle disagreed. “In the old days in Scandinavia, everyone just stayed inside for the whole winter, and recited the sagas. Think of what they learned.”
“Right, Norseman. They learned that all their relatives had been homicidal maniacs,” Periwinkle said.
“Not so, my little flower. My ancestors were law abiding, peaceful farmers who adjudicated their disputes at the meetings of their Things. They were like our parliaments, you know. Did I ever tell you guys about Eyvind the…?”
“Several times. The flatulence guy who single handedly raised the earth’s methane levels and stopped the Little Ice Age in its tracks,” said Periwinkle.
“I’ve been thinking,” Shard said. “The Vikings didn’t have police, or even armies, so their every-day experiences must have been something akin to last weekend in Leyden --  peaceful. You guys do realize that without criminals, we’d be unemployed.”
“We might be anyway if the Kaiser loses,” Periwinkle said.
“I heard you went to Buffalo for the weekend,” Johnsen said.
“I did.”
Johnsen and Periwinkle waited for Shard to elaborate, maybe with some juicy tidbits, but he didn’t.
“How was your weekend, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
“Fine.”
“What did you guys do?” Johnsen asked, and wished he hadn’t.
“Went to a Sabres’ game. They trounced Toronto. Good game, lots of penalties and drunken fans. Just the way hockey should be. We used to have a minor league hockey team down in Clinton, remember?”
“That’s before we were born, Boss,” Johnsen said.
“Not so, just a few years, well, maybe decades ago. And what’ve you been doing this afternoon that could be counted as productive?”
“Finished my investigation of that DUI in Weedsport. The guy who hit the post office.”
“How the hell did he do that?” Shard asked.
“Claims he was stone sober. The snow covered the cement car-stop, and he ran over it and into the post office -- all the way up to the counter, it turns out.”
“How fast was he going?” Shard asked.
“Too fast, apparently, but he ended up first in line to buy a stamp.”
“One stamp?” Periwinkle asked.
“Yup, claims that’s all he wanted.”
“Just look at the time,” Shard said. “It’s the bewitching hour of five o’clock. My liver just told me. I hate to end this fascinating palaver, but I’m going to Schuylers where I hope to meet more interesting people.”
Shard’s favorite watering hole was only a few steps away on Lansing Street in a 200-year-old eponymous stone hotel. Shard swung through its much-battered door into the barroom where the bit of light that penetrated its unwashed windows was instantly absorbed by the dark brown, dirt-encrusted stonewalls. The bartender greeted him with a cheery, “good evening, Lieutenant. You’re fourteen minutes late. What’ll you have?” 
Kevin O’Reilly, Shard guessed, had been tending bar at Schuylers for its entire existence, and in all that time nobody had ever seen him smile, not even during happy hour, which O’Reilly steadfastly claimed, was every hour that his bar was open.
“I’m so bored today that I think I’ll have something different,” Shard said. “Give me four fingers of Highland Park, two ice cubes, and my usual.”
“You always have that, Lieutenant.”
“I do? Well that just shows you how bored I really am. Can you imagine spending your afternoon talking about DUIs, dead cows, and a penetrated post office?”
“I suppose not. We have a more intelligent level of conversation in here,” O’Reilly said, without a smile.
“And while I have your undivided attention, O’Reilly, what has Mrs. Olndowski to offer this evening? Something warm as a refuge from this snow storm?”
“Is it snowing?” asked O’Reilly, who was famous for being totally oblivious to the weather. He could be tending bar in Florida for all he knew. A few years earlier Shard had started rumors that O’Reilly hadn’t left the building in decades, that he slept in a former beer cooler hidden somewhere in the hotel’s bowels.
“Dinner, O’Reilly?” Shard asked again. Mrs. O. was one of Shard’s favorite people. The jolly octogenarian had been cooking at Schulyers at least as long as O’Reilly had tended bar. She worked seven days a week and had never, as far as Shard could tell, turned out a bad meal; she had been his principal source of nutrition since he’d returned to Leyden.
“Let’s see,” O’Reilly said, “today is Tuesday, so it’s corned beef and cabbage.”
All Mrs. O.’s dinners featured cabbage, even her Friday fish fry. Shard believed that she owned a cabbage patch somewhere. She was also noted for her daily lunch specials, the same every day, beans and franks.
O’Reilly poured a good five fingers of single malt, just as Shard expected, dropped two cubes of ice in the glass, and removed the sandwich bag secreted behind the last package of Slim Jims on the bar, and took out a Camel.
“I’ve noticed you’ve been smoking more since Christmas, Lieutenant, so I’m going to allow you only one tonight.”
“Thanks, friend,” Shard said over his shoulder as he walked towards his table under the moose head. He sat so that he could see through the window’s wavy glass, watch the snowdrift down, and try to identify his fellow townspeople who hurried past with their heads lowered. Nobody bothered him, and after a satisfying, heaped plate of mostly cabbage, he went home.
Every time Shard returned to what had been his parents’ house, he looked up at the corner kneehole window on the Greek Revival’s second floor, his room while growing up. He had never expected to return to Leyden, especially after the state police put him on its fast promotion track. Just after he decided to take this job, his parents died, and he inherited the old homestead. The house wasn’t as warm as it had been when he mother welcomed him home every day, but he had changed nothing and felt comfortable surrounded by the furniture and wallpaper of his childhood.
He bucked the drifts into his unshoveled drive, and nosed the car close to the old carriage house where he garaged his beloved Morgan. Remembering he hadn’t had his postprandial smoke, he switched on the naked overhead bulb, opened the fuse box, and took out a Camel.
Shard thought he might as well commune with his car, and polish it while he smoked. He often repaired to his carriage house to mull over work-related problems with his Morgan. It might also perk him up, he thought, because he was a little depressed without Ellen. Grabbing the rag he kept for just such work, he walked a couple of steps towards the front of his car. Suddenly he froze. An adrenalin rush surged up and choked the air off to his throat. A woman with outsized eyes stared at him from the passenger seat. After he caught his breath, he moved closer. She remained frozen, and her eyes seemed to bore right through him. He became conscious that he was moving with unnatural slowness. When he put his hand on the Morgan’s grille, he saw that her face was bruised and battered. He started to say something, and then an awful realization swept over him -- he knew her, or at least a younger version of her, when she was beautiful, sexy, unmarked – and alive. “Oh my God! She’s dead,” he gasped, in the stillness of the carriage house.

CHAPTER 2 
Shard is a Suspect
Tuesday Evening, Leyden
Shard retreated to the door and lifted the receiver from his phone. At the same time he pulled the casing off the wall phone, and took out a Camel. He dialed Johnsen’s cell phone.
“Johnsen, I’m in my carriage house with a body.”
“I’ve had a few beers Boss, and haven’t eaten.”
“I don’t give a damn if you’ve had a dozen beers. Get hold of Periwinkle, and you guys get over here pronto.”
He phoned Doctor Walgren Fox, Mohawk County’s coroner, and also its veterinarian, internist, pathologist, checker champion, and premier grouch. After lengthy complaints, Doc promised to be there as soon as he could.
Shard went back to his Morgan but stayed a respectful distance to avoid contaminating the scene. Squatting, he peered in through the side curtain. 
“It’s Denise,” he said aloud, as if he were dictating what he saw, “dressed in a tan trench coat with no blood on it, and fairly new by the looks of it.” He peered around inside the car but saw nothing else out of the ordinary. “It does not appear that she fought off her attacker in the car,” he continued, “or, for that matter, anywhere else in the carriage house. The exposed side of her face is covered with multiple bruises, but the only dried blood I can see looks as if it seeped out of her nose. Probably broken. The bruised areas are swollen, an indication that she was alive when someone battered her.” When Shard leaned far over to one side, he noticed that she wore black shoes and slacks. “Her clothes show no indication of a struggle,” and when he checked the back of her head, he noticed that “her hair is long, and some shade of brunette I can’t identify very well in the dark. It looks as if she just brushed it.”
Johnsen’s car crunching the snow in his driveway interrupted Shard’s mental dictation.
“Just a few hours ago, Boss, we complained that we were bored. You didn’t have to find a corpse to relieve our tedium. You could’ve waited until morning, after I’d enjoyed a few more beers,” Johnsen said.
“Lord, look at those eyes,” Periwinkle said, as she approached the car. “They look surrealistic, piercing and blank at the same time.”
Shard realized that was what had frightened him. The eyes were fixed on him, but there was nothing behind them, nothing at all.
Johnsen and Periwinkle repeated Shard’s examination of the scene. Shard noted that the living instinctively quieted in the presence of death, although the deceased was incapable of hearing. 
After Johnsen and Periwinkle finished their cursory examination of the body, they joined Shard at the door. The wind, which had shifted to the South, blew dime-sized snowflakes through the opening. None of them mentioned it; death, Shard thought,  numbs the living as well.
“Do you know who she is, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
“Unfortunately I do, or did,” Shard said in a hushed voice. “Years ago. Denise Sizemore. She grew up in Leyden, pretty girl, popular, and very bright as I remember. I took her out a couple of times before Ellen and I went steady.”
“I’ve never seen her around here, Boss,” Johnsen said. “I suspect without the bruises she was a stunning beauty. Seems like I would have noticed her.” 
Shard made a mental note that Johnsen knew every woman within a twenty-five mile radius of Leyden, so Denise couldn’t have been out and about in any of the local joints.
“I don’t think she lives here anymore,” Shard said.  “Last I heard she worked as a pharmacist in Utica somewhere.”
“Pharmacist?” Periwinkle asked. “A drug deal gone bad, do you think?”
“She wasn’t the druggie type. She had a squeaky-clean reputation in high school. At least she was with me.” In the back of his mind Shard formed the unspoken thought that she was not as squeaky-clean with him when they were in college together.
Johnsen was tempted to fling a zinger about Shard’s high school dating habits, but the body’s presence made him hesitate.
The clatter of Doc Fox’s pickup struggling to gain traction in Shard’s driveway interrupted Johnsen’s indecision. Everyone in town knew when Doc was around in his 1953 Chevrolet pickup, especially in the winter when he filled its bed with cinderblocks that crashed about as he drove. Its engine didn’t purr with polished precision either. It protested every foot Doc made it drag the rusted hulk around.
The Chevy wheezed to a stop, and as normal, dieseled for a half a minute after he turned the ignition off. Doc slid out while the engine was still entangled in a cacophony of vibrations, knocks, and clatter. 
“Running better tonight than it has all winter,” Doc announced as he neared them, ever-present cigar butt stuck in the corner of his mouth. 
Shard believed that people were what they drove, and in Doc’s case he was his truck’s mirror image. Short, stubby, and nondescript, the old bachelor cared not a whit how he looked, nor did he ever try to impress anyone. Perpetually clad, winter and summer, in his liver-colored wool sport coat, the one peppered with clots of gray hair all over that stuck out about a half an inch, he was easy to identify anywhere. If Doc owned a comb, he’d lost it decades ago. His hair stuck out in every direction, determined only by which side he’d slept on the night before or the direction of the wind. He had a personality to match his appearance.
“I’ll give you some credit tonight, Lieutenant. At least you had the decency to haul your corpse out of the wind and snow for me. I’m getting damned tired of you interrupting my cocktail hour or hauling me out of bed when you know I need my beauty rest to meet you in some godforsaken place in the middle of a storm, just to give you my distinguished professional opinion that someone you’ve found is dead. Now where is this victim?”
“In my car.”
Doc shot Shard a puzzled look. “In your car? You drove the body here? Damn, this is different, Lieutenant. Tidier though.”
Doc ambled back to the car with his peculiar hitched gait, a bit of a fat man’s walk and a limp, accompanied by noisy exhalations that always reminded Shard of a bulldog’s.
The three deputies stood in silence as Doc performed his familiar routine. Shard always gave Doc credit for treating his victims with the utmost decency, always gentle, always careful, with a physical politeness that was so unlike Doc around live people.
He opened the Morgan’s door and turned Denise’s head to test her rigidity. He shined his ancient Eveready flashlight all over her, even up her nose, and then throughout the car. With a loud groan, he rose and returned to the open door.
“At last you are right about something, Lieutenant. She’s dead. All the way, medically speaking, of course. I understand that you wanted someone with an education superior to yours at that backwoods state university to confirm your guess. Well, I’m that man. She’s dead. When you finish up here, have her brought down to my cellar, and I’ll do her tomorrow morning, about breakfast time.”
Doc always performed his autopsies at eating hours because he knew how queasy Shard was.
“A couple of questions, Doc.”
“You always have a couple of questions, Lieutenant, and they are always the same. Lets see if you can come up with at least one that’s more original, okay?”
“What killed her, Doc?”
“You fail your originality test, Lieutenant. Even a SUNY Albany English major can see that somebody beat the hell out of her. I don’t know if it killed her or not, but it sure as hell did nothing to make her more robust. With my well-honed professional training, I’ll be able to answer that question tomorrow morning. And your predictable second question is?”
“Can you tell me when she died?”
“Some day Lieutenant, you will ask an interesting question and take me by surprise.”
“I’ll try, Doc.”
Johnsen and Periwinkle shifted from one foot to the other in the blast of cold air that whooshed through the door. Doc and Shard seemed oblivious to it as they continued their practiced routine.
“Well, it’s hard to tell because it’s so cold in here. Did you ever notice that you attract more corpses in the winter? I think it’s a plot. If it were seventy-two degrees, I could pinpoint the time of death to the minute, but these ice people you discover throw my complex calculations awry. In this case though, I’d say she died either late Saturday or sometime on Sunday, certainly no earlier. Most likely Sunday if she was killed outside and stayed in the cold. You do remember, Lieutenant, that I am not God, just his favorite physician.”
Johnsen and Periwinkle chuckled.
“Oh, yes I do remember that. So, you’re saying Sunday is the best bet.”
“This is science, my boy. I say the bulk of evidence indicates a Sunday killing. I might whittle it down a little closer in my ultra modern lab.”
Doc’s autopsy room was in the cellar under his office located next door to the old canal basin that was half full of water, or ice, as the season dictated. Over the last century dampness had seeped through the cellar walls to make the cluttered room smell something like a cold sauna. Shard also found its ubiquitous mold a bit disquieting. Doc seemed not to notice it.
“Okay, Doc. Thanks for coming out. I’ll see you in the morning, right after breakfast.”
Doc hitched and lurched back to his truck that miraculously stuttered to life after Doc ground on the starter for about a minute.
“He was in a pretty good mood tonight,” Shard said. “He hardly complained. I think he’s mellowing in his old age.”
“Maybe he’s chewing on a fresh cigar butt today,” Periwinkle said.
“Well, we know who the victim is, and we have a pretty good idea when she died. In the morning we’ll trace her movements to see where she was and with whom,” Shard said.
“You used to know her pretty well, Boss. What kind of a girl was she, aside from being a goody-goody two shoes?”
Shard winced inwardly at his intentional misdirection earlier. “For sure she was driven in high school and college. Always near the top of her class. The studious type, I’d say.”
“You knew her in college too?” Periwinkle asked.
“Oh yeah, she went to Albany when I did, but she was in pre-pharmacy, while I gravitated to the liberal arts. We only had a couple of classes together.”
“Did you go out with her there?” Periwinkle asked.
“A few times. Ellen and I had drifted apart. She went to Denison, way the hell out in Ohio somewhere, joined a sorority, and became involved in the Greek scene. That left me free to check out Albany coeds.”
Shard knew he wasn’t exactly lying to her, he was just being a gentleman who never revealed what transpired in his bedroom. He had gone with her for two years in Albany and had, in fact, deflowered her in his apartment one cold, blustery night. He never forgot the blood on the sheets or the thrill of what they had done. He was less than truthful about Ellen as well. They hadn’t drifted apart -- she had fallen for a frat boy at Denison and had informed him over Christmas vacation. She later married the guy.
“Have you seen her since you graduated?” Periwinkle persisted.
“A couple of times. I ran into her once in Leyden. She told me she’d finished pharmacy school and was working, I think, in Utica. Later someone told me that she had married a Herkimer elementary teacher. I haven’t heard anything about her since.”
Periwinkle and Johnsen glanced at each other in a way that passed an unspoken message. 
“Where were you last Sunday?” asked Johnsen.
Shard gave him an incredulous look. “You can’t be serious.” 
“No, not really, but you knew her well. You’d be the easiest person to eliminate from our investigation.”
“That was years ago. You know that I was in Buffalo last weekend, visiting Ellen. I’ve already told you we went to the Sabres’ game Saturday night.”
“You came home on Sunday?” Johnsen asked, looking Shard directly in the eye.
“Yes.”
“What time did you get back?”
“Late, maybe four in the afternoon. I left early because I wanted to baby my car on the Thruway.”
“That, I can understand. What did you do after you got home?”
Johnsen saw that Shard was distinctly uneasy.
“I can’t believe you are questioning me about this stuff, but I’ll play along. I went to the grocery store, did some laundry, had a couple of scotches, boiled some canned soup, made a cheese sandwich, read for a bit, and went to bed. Nothing exciting.”
“Did you see anyone?” Johnsen persisted.
“I suppose I passed a few words with the grocery checkout, but I don’t remember. The rest of the evening I was here alone. And, before you ask, after I called Ellen to assure her I made it home, I didn’t talk to anyone on the phone. Now, are you happy?”
“I’m not accusing you of anything, Boss,” Johnsen said, “just removing any suspicions. After all, her body was found in your car inside your carriage house.”
“Norseman, if I killed her do you think I’d be stupid enough to deposit her body in my back yard? Come on! Give me some credit.”
“Okay, but you know that people will wonder why she was here. Unlike me, they won’t mention it to your face, but they will talk behind your back.” 
One more question, though. When was the last time you saw Denise?”
“You weren’t listening, Sergeant. I told you I haven’t seen her in years. I don’t remember how many, probably at least a half a dozen. I think I was still in the state police when I ran into her. That means I couldn’t have killed her two days ago, unless I did it by telepathy. And remember what I’ve taught you? Look for motive. What possible motive would I have to kill her? Name one!”
“I can’t think of one off the top of my head, Boss,” Johnsen said.
“Exactly! Now let’s get her moved, and I’ll see you two in the morning.”
Wednesday Morning
Johnsen sat in Shard’s chair with his feet up on the desk, facing Periwinkle.
“He doesn’t have much of an alibi,” Periwinkle said. “If he was back by four, he had plenty of time to kill Denise.”
“You can’t be serious. The boss wouldn’t kill anyone, and certainly wouldn’t batter a woman. He’s a gentle guy. He was upset when I asked him all those questions last night, and so was I. It’s unnerving to interview my boss as a suspect. Geez, I hope he didn’t take it personally.”
“Never for a moment did I think he did it,” Periwinkle said. “I was playing devil’s advocate when I said he can’t prove where he was during part of the time Doc thinks she was killed. That’s all.”
“I agree with you, but it’s not whether he killed her or not that bothers me most, because I know he didn’t. It’s why someone planted the body in his garage, even worse, in that rattletrap he loves so much. Somebody wanted to make a statement. But who and why?”
“Do you think it may have been happenstance?” she asked. “Some guy lugging a body around looking for a place to dump it saw Shard’s barn was unlocked, so he put it in there?” 
“Possibly, except we don’t know whether Shard left his garage unlocked. It doesn’t sound like him, but then Leyden isn’t a hotbed of break ins, thanks to us. Besides, after he took his car out, what did he have to protect in there?”
“His Camel stash, I suppose, which is more important to him than his car,” Periwinkle said.
“He hides his Camels everywhere. Would he worry about a few in the garage? And, another point, if you wanted to dispose of a body and found the unlocked garage, would you take the time to display the victim so that she would scare the hell out of Shard when he saw those eyes? Why not just fling her down into the cellar? I’ll bet Shard hasn’t been down there in years, and it’s so cold the corpse wouldn’t smell until spring, if then.”
“Good point,” Periwinkle said.
Shard walked in and glanced around his small office. It desperately needed a fresh coat of pea-green paint to spruce it up. It always looked dingy and dirty on overcast, snowy days, he thought.
 Johnsen took one look at his boss and said, “I think you need your chair more than I do.”
He wasn’t sure that Shard heard him. He walked over to the bookcase behind his desk and took out the Bible, opened it to the cutout section that usually held a cigarette, but found it empty. He bent over and peered behind the books, and with his fingernail rolled a Camel away from the wall. Absentmindedly, he sat down in his chair while Johnsen settled on the upside down wastebasket.
“Now that I’ve taken care of that, where are we?” Shard asked.  “I think I made it pretty clear last night that I didn’t kill Denise, so I assume I’m off our suspects’ list. In a few minutes I have to go over to watch Doc do the autopsy. God, I hate that.” 
“I don’t blame you,” Periwinkle said. “Gruesome.”
Shard ignored her. “While I’m gone I want you guys to get to work. Since we don’t know Denise’s current legal surname, Periwinkle, I want you to dig into the county marriage records to find out whom she married. While you have your head in there, peruse the county property records, or maybe tax records, to get her address. The deed may be under either her maiden name or her married one. I’d like to look at her house. I don’t think we’ll have any trouble getting a court order. As soon as Periwinkle finds her address, Johnsen, I’ll ask the Kaiser to recommend a warrant, and send you over to see the judge.”
“Will do, Boss,” he replied.
“When we learn her husband’s name, we’ll go down to talk to him. As soon as we know who he is, Periwinkle, check to see if he’s filed a missing person’s report. He may have filed it in Herkimer County, so check there too. If he hasn’t, I’d like to know that before we confront him. That would be fishy.”
“I agree,” Johnsen said, as he shifted his buttocks on the wastebasket.
“I’ll call the Utica police. Although this is out of their jurisdiction, I want to give them a heads up that we’ll be fishing in their waters. Besides, we may need their help at some point.”
“This should be pretty easy as long she lived and was married in either Utica or Herkimer. But if she’s moved to Otter Creek or someplace, it’s going to be harder.”
“Use your imagination, Periwinkle. She must have had a driver’s license or a pharmacy license that should be on file with the state. Speaking of which, did you guys notice if her purse was in the car? I didn’t see it.”
“Neither did I,” said Periwinkle.
“Johnsen?”
 “No, but I wasn’t looking.” 
“Well, I was,” Periwinkle said. “Women don’t go anywhere without their purse.”
“Where’s yours?” Johnsen asked. “I don’t see it.”
“It’s where it always is when I’m here, in the bottom drawer of my desk.”
“Perfect place to hide a Camel,” Shard said, as if he were ruminating on a different planet.
Periwinkle remembered Shard had once slipped a Camel into her coat pocket, and made a mental note to check whether he had secreted one in her purse. 
“Okay, hop to it, kids. I’m off to Doc’s to ruin my first two meals of the day. Oh yeah, will you guys find out who’s the shift officer today and have him send Karl over to my carriage house to check the Morgan for fingerprints, and anything else?”
“Okay, and that reminds me, Boss,” Johnsen said, “before you arrived, we wondered why the killer chose to drop his victim in your barn, especially if it was locked. Was it?”
“I usually lock it. I have an industrial-strength Yale padlock on it, but I can’t swear that I did when I left Friday afternoon. I remember closing the door, but can’t picture whether I locked it. I may have been so happy the old girl was running that I forgot. To answer your question, I don’t know.”
On the street, in the face of the snow blowing almost horizontally at him, Shard pulled the collar up on his father’s old black, boiled wool coat with its frayed leather cuffs. He crossed the street to the cast iron lamppost in front of Zwitters appliance store, brushed the snow away from the bottom, and unscrewed the wing nut that held the plate that covered access to the lamp’s innards. He withdrew a plastic bag of Camels, and took one out.
“I need this,” he said into the swirling snow as he slogged through the six-inch deep fall on the sidewalk.
Doc was cheerful; he always was when he was about to make Shard turn green.
“Come on down, Lieutenant, I’m ready to start, but I already have the answer to one of your questions.”
“Wonderful,” Shard replied with fake enthusiasm. “Which one?”
“Come on, I’ll show you.”
The room stank of damp, moldy death, Shard thought. 
Denise lay on the table, demurely covered from neck to feet with a sheet. Doc was always careful about that. Shard wondered if he acquired such modesty from one of his peculiar personality traits or some adolescent sexual experience. Shard certainly wasn’t going to ask.
“Look there, Lieutenant, at her neck. See these indentations and slight red marks? Look closely. These are thumb indentations on both sides of her neck. The poor girl was strangled, and I’m sure it happened after somebody beat the hell out of her. She’s black and blue all over. Look at this.”
Doc carefully folded the sheet back to her pelvis. “Look at those bruises, especially the ones on her stomach and right breast. She was beaten hard, my boy, by a sicko. I think he only used his fists though. Maybe he delighted in the physical thrill of hitting her. This is the work of a real bastard.”
“I’d have to agree with you,” Shard said.
“I know you skipped breakfast this morning, Lieutenant. I had an extra large one myself. Since you must be hungry, I absolve you from further observance of my artistic virtuosity. I’ll check her for evidence of sexual assault and run a drug screen. When I have the results, I’ll send you a copy of my always readable and engrossing report.”
Shard’s empty stomach lurched. “Doc?”
“What?”
“Could you write this one in English? A language that’s intelligible to the average cum laude English B.A. from SUNY Albany?”
“Am I allowed to use dependent clauses? Maybe I’ll consult with Marvel Comics to test it for grade-level reading comprehension.”
“Thanks, Doc. I eagerly await your masterpiece.”
On his way back to headquarters, Shard saw Luke lying in the middle of the sidewalk making a snow angel, something he did every time it snowed. His dog Dizzy rolled around and obliterated most of Luke’s masterpieces, but he didn’t seem to mind. Teenage Luke was, in a word, slow. Some called him the town idiot, but Shard knew he was far from that. He had always had a soft spot for Luke, who, as far as he could tell, lived in the post office with his dog. Luke’s brother, Joe Duffy, whom the Kaiser kept on his payroll, and who wasn’t all that quick himself, was responsible for the boy.
“Hey guys!” Shard yelled through the now swirling flakes, “how about some donuts at Patels?”
They were both instantly on their feet. Shard thought that Dizzy had a better knowledge of English than did some of Leyden’s citizens. The two followed him into the deli that, although it was almost empty, somehow emitted enough humidity to steam up all its windows.
Shard happily watched them gulp their treats while he sipped coffee. He wasn’t ready for food yet.
Later, he walked up the street to Batdorff’s Jewelry Store. After he knocked the snow off his boots, he walked in.
“Patty? You here?” 
Patty, whose roundness was living proof of DNA’s power, emerged from behind a curtain that separated her office from the showroom. Shard handed her a cup of steaming coffee and a couple of donuts to help her maintain her stature.
“How are you, Tom?” she asked. “I hear you found a body in your carriage house last night. That must have been a shock.”
“You bet,” he said. “Do you remember Denise Sizemore from high school? She was a couple of years ahead of you, I think.”
“Is that a clever way to find out how old I am?” she asked.
“No, I’m really asking whether you remember her.”
“Only slightly. Tall beautiful girl, wasn’t she? I always tried to stay away from those types. They made me look even dumpier.”
“Aw, come on Patty. You’re beautiful.”
“Thanks, Tom, but I have a mirror in the back.”
“And I have one other question.”
“I know,” she said, as she took a Camel out of the cash register, and handed it to him. “Outside, remember?”
“Always. And thanks,” Shard said, as he headed for the overhang in front of her store to enjoy his smoke, and think.
Wednesday Late Morning
Neil Hahn was at the front desk when Shard walked in. Neil, who had eight or nine or ten children, Shard could never remember which, worked long hours to keep them in shoes. Neil kept his boots on top of his desk. He once told Shard he did it so nobody at headquarters could steal them. Shard was never sure whether Neil was pulling his leg or not.
“Hi, Lieutenant, I just called your office,” Neil said.
“What’s up Neil? Another child born last night? The tenth?”
“No, Sir. He isn’t due for another two months, and it’s the ninth.”
“Oh, sorry. What did you want?”
“We got a report of an abandoned car last night, and had it towed to the back lot.”
“Good, Neil, but why bother me? I’d only be interested if it had a body in it. Oh God, don’t tell me it did!”
“No, Sir. But I thought you’d like to know because we found it on the street behind your house.”
“Interesting. Did you guys trace the plate?”
“Yes, Sir, but it’s a rental car.”
“Give me the plate number, and I’ll get someone to run it down.”
Shard stuck the number in his shirt pocket. “Thanks Neil, and good luck with the child.”
Periwinkle sat behind Shard’s desk scribbling on a yellow tablet. He sat down in front of his desk and waited for her to finish. Her lush hair framed her face, and even in the absence of natural light, he could see it shimmer. It was, Shard decided, the single most delectable head of hair he’d ever seen. And her face was almost as attractive. He was in the midst of deploring that he was so old when she spoke.
“I have most of what you want, Boss. Denise wasn’t hard to find. She’s quite public. How’d you make out? You’re not as green as usual after one of Doc’s disassemblies.”
“Novel way of putting it,” Shard said. “She was strangled, and Doc showed me that she absorbed a helluva beating all over her upper body before she died.”
“That’s terrible.”
“Yeah. Now, what do you have for me?”
“I found her marriage in Mohawk County’s records. Shows she married one Josef G. Schmidt, twelve years ago. He listed a Herkimer address. To show you what an ingenious sergeant you employ, I also checked divorce records while I was wandering in the city’s ether zone. The got unmarried four years ago, and her ex still indicated the same Herkimer home address, while she listed hers as, let me see, 2241 Taber Road. I Googled Taber Road, and it looks like it’s in a ritzy part of the city. In fact, it’s just over the line in New Hartford, high on the southern Mohawk River escarpment. Ought to have a nice view of the city.”
“Thanks for that detail, Periwinkle, but I fear she won’t get much enjoyment from it now. At least we know both her legal surnames and Schmidt’s address. Did they have any children?”
“Funny you should ask. I browsed the city’s birth records, and found no live births for either a Schmidt or a Sizemore baby, so I’m pretty sure she was childless. Unless she gave birth somewhere else.”
“That’s good, given what happened to her. What about missing persons’ reports? I suppose her ex might not have filed one or he didn’t keep track of her whereabouts. I’d put my money on the latter. We still have to talk to Schmidt though, to find out what she’s been doing the last dozen years.”
“Missing person’s reports are simple, easy to access. I didn’t even have to admit that I worked in law enforcement. Anybody can hack, excuse me, view them. Are our records that porous?”
“How would I know? I don’t use a computer; that’s why I hired you. I knew you were an expert when you told us you dated that hog-riding chemical engineer. He had to have taught you something.”
“I shouldn’t have told you guys that. I’ll never hear the end of it,” she said.
“You’re probably right. What about a missing person’s report?”
“Nada, although the half dozen missing people in Leyden are all female.”
“I think women are more inclined to run away. My Hope decamped with that damned drug rep, remember?”
“Sorry I brought that up, Boss.”
“That’s okay. What about her licenses?”
“All current. She’s a licensed pharmacist, works for Eckerd’s Drugs. I did a quick run through the Observer-Dispatch’s files and found a couple of articles on her. She was some kind of supervisor for all Eckerds’ stores in Central New York, so she wasn’t your run-of-the-mill pill pusher.”
Shard wondered if there were two clichés embedded in Periwinkle’s sentence, but decided not to pursue either of them.
“I also found a piece,” Periwinkle continued, “that announced her appointment as chairman, excuse me, chairperson, of the Upstate Pharmacists’ Association. It seems that she had a regional reputation.”
“That doesn’t surprise me. It tells me that she still had the drive and work ethic to excel.”
“I dipped into the state’s drivers’ license records, and she had a current license, not due to expire until next year, that shows her Taber Road address. The woman was so attractive that she was beautiful in her license photo. How often does that happen? In mine I look like a coal miner who’d just come off a twenty-four hour shift.”
“I doubt that,” Shard mumbled.
“Finally, I ran a quick check on possible parents, but did not turn up any Sizemores in the city directory. That doesn’t mean that they aren’t sitting this very minute under an umbrella on some Florida beach enjoying their third Bloody Mary of the morning. And I didn’t look for her mother’s maiden name, so I don’t know anything about maternal relatives. They won’t be hard to find if we should need them. Her ex-husband will know who they are.”
“Great job, Periwinkle. Gives us a number of starting points, something we don’t always have. Oh yeah, did you get Karl over to my carriage house to check my car for prints?”
“He’s supposed to be there now.”
“Did you tell him to wipe all his goop off my genuine leather upholstery?”
“That must have slipped my mind, Boss.”
Shard reached into his shirt pocket, the unconscious habit of all unreformed smokers, and found the license number that Neil had given him.”
Shard pulled out his center drawer, and took out his stapler. He yanked the top open, and removed a perfectly round Camel.”
“What do you know,” he said in feigned wonderment. 
 “I have a plate number for an abandoned car towed in this morning from the street right behind my house. It’s registered to a rental car company. Find out who rented the thing, will you? I wouldn’t bother with it right now, except it was only seventy-five feet or so behind my carriage house.”
“Will do, Boss.”
“I also need to talk to the Kaiser. I’d have done so earlier if I had anything to tell him. Now, I think I’ll wait until after he’s had lunch. He’s always in a better mood then. Where’s the Norseman?”
“Probably settled in at the library, right in front of the warm fireplace, reading a Norse saga that he will spout to us for the next week. In other words, I don’t know.”
“The library builds a fire in the winter? Does the fire code allow it? If it does, I could take a couple of fingers of scotch over there and read the afternoon away until happy hour.”
“The librarians often build a fire in the great room, probably to help heat that drafty building, or because some patron donates free wood every winter. I’ll look up the fire code for you.”
“The Kaiser would love to read that headline in the Sun-Times. I can see it now: ‘Sheriff’s deputy closes public library for heating its building. Accuses librarians of violation of section 273 (g) of the fire code. Sheriff Stutzenberger, locked in a close reelection race with challenger John Poppe, supports his deputy’s action. Says most Leyden citizens can’t read anyway.’ Please, don’t look up the code.”
Wednesday Noon
 “God, look at the time,” Shard said. “I’m late for Mrs. O.’s lunch special. I missed my breakfast, you know.”
“I do,” Periwinkle said.
“Keep on digging on Ms Sizemore and run that plate. I’ll check in with Captain Mussolini in Utica to explain that we’re going to be down there vacuuming his rug. He’s a good guy. Then I’ll go next door to talk to the regulars to find out what happened in my carriage house Sunday. If anyone knows, they will.”
“It’s Muccione, Boss. For God’s sake don’t call him Mussolini. He might be a mite touchy about that.”
“Right. Scamper off, will you? I’m starving.”
Shard thought the flakes were making less noise as they hit the ground, so the storm must be abating. Even the ash-gray clouds looked less menacing. “Summer’s coming,” he said to himself.
“You’re late, Lieutenant,” O’Reilly said.
“Sorry. What’s the special today?”
The bar keep pulled a menu from under bar and studied it for a moment. “You’re in luck, Lieutenant, it’s franks and beans, your favorite.”
“Tell Mrs. O. I need a generous helping; I missed breakfast. And I’ll have a short U.C. draft, my good man. And my usual for after lunch.”
“How many have you had this morning, Lieutenant?”
“What are you? My mother?” Shard asked. “I don’t know, but not enough.”
“You asked me to help you cut down on your smoking, Lieutenant. I’m just trying.”
“Thanks,” said Shard, as he took his mug, and headed over to his friend the moose who didn’t give a damn how much he smoked.
After a long sip of his beer, he spied George Witry headed toward his table. He was the last man Shard wanted to see.
Unbidden, Witry pulled out a chair. “If it isn’t my favorite gum shoe,” he said. “I hear you’re in a fine pickle. A body in your garage? Seated in that piece of Brit shit you drive. If I didn’t know you better, I’d slip you my card. You’re going to need Leyden’s finest lawyer to get you out of this mess.”
“Exactly what are you implying?”
“Nothing, except I hear it was that Sizemore girl. You must have known her in high school. She’s about the right age.”
“And what if I did?”
“People are already talking. Her corpse was a little close for comfort, don’t you think?”
“You don’t know what you’re talking about, Witry. Why don’t you skedaddle, and spread your malicious gossip somewhere else.”
“Just a friendly warning, Lieutenant. You need to hear this stuff.”
Back at headquarters, Shard ran into Periwinkle on his way up to the Kaiser’s third floor office.
 “Oh, you’ll love this, Boss. I traced the car to a rental outlet in Rochester. Guess who rented it?”
“I think I already know the answer. Why was she renting a car in Rochester?”
“You’re right. Rented it under her maiden name last Friday. She planned to drop it off in Utica on Monday. Obviously, she didn’t.”
“Obviously. But we have her in Rochester on Friday, assuming someone didn’t use her identity, say someone like the killer. Interesting.”
“You have a devious mind, Boss.”
“Just examining the possibilities, Periwinkle. I’ll talk to you later. I gotta fill the Kaiser in or he’ll blow a gasket.” Gads, another cliché, he thought.
The sheriff’s warden, Hilda Bluder, blocked the space between the outer office door and the Kaiser’s inner sanctum. Bluder stood guard whenever her boss was in. Shard thought she was probably a sweet woman inside, but lacked any sense of humor. That didn’t stop him from trying, however.
“Good afternoon, beautiful.” 
“The sheriff expected you at the crack of dawn,” she said. “He’s a busy man, and he’s heard about that girl’s murder.”
Shard’s mind zipped through her salutation. God couldn’t have discerned a crack of dawn on such a dreary day, and wasn’t that another cliché?
On another level his mind answered her. “I didn’t want to bother the sheriff until I had more information. I know how busy he is with the reelection campaign. I’d like to see him for just a few minutes.”
Bluder glared at him as if sizing him up for a prison uniform. “Okay, but don’t upset him. He’s had a difficult morning.”
“Right,” Shard said.
Sheriff Stutzenberger was stuffed into his oversized office chair with his fingers interlaced over his massive gut. Shard liked the Kaiser; his considerable bulk encased a sharp mind with an innate ability to get to the crux of the question. His weakness was that he dealt with only one problem at a time, and dwelt on it until he solved it or it went away. This season he focused on his reelection campaign; it overrode everything else in his world -- except food. The Kaiser’s biggest asset was that he gave his deputies leeway to do their jobs and interfered only when they screwed up and threatened the department’s reputation.
The sheriff stared at Abraham Lincoln’s portrait, which faced his desk. The portrait sometimes spoke to him.
“Good morning, Sir. I’m here to bring you up to date on the Sizemore case. We are making progress, Sir.” The Kaiser liked upbeat reports, and Shard was the master of purveying hope.
“Hello, Lieutenant. I waited for you all morning.”
Shard was tempted to say, “You could have called me,” but thought better of it.
“We know her name, her ex-husband’s name, her address, her professional affiliations, and where she was last Friday. We plan to follow up on our leads this afternoon. I think we’ll get to the bottom of this one quickly. I know, with your reelection coming up, you are anxious for us to clear our caseload, and I don’t blame you. I need your permission to get a search warrant for her house and office.”
“I’ll call the judge.”
“Thanks. I’d like to start on that tomorrow morning at the latest.”
“You found her body in your garage?” the Kaiser asked.
“Yes, Sir.”
“I heard she was sitting in that foreign car of yours, the one that never starts.”
“Yes, Sir.”
“That won’t look good in the Sun-Times tomorrow morning, will it? Especially when I think the paper is on the brink of endorsing my reelection.”
“I don’t see the connection, Sir.”
“Son, you have to look at the larger context. The sheriff’s chief deputy finds a corpse in his barn. People, all voters I might add, are immediately going to connect the department to the murder.”
“That’s not valid, Sir. Surely they’ll understand.”
“Take my word for it, Lieutenant, surely they won’t. That kind of notion sticks. Lincoln suffered for his wife’s mental aberrations, even though they weren’t his fault. They cost him political capital, nonetheless. And right now I need all the political capital I can get, and the funds that go with it. I’m in a tough race.”
“I understand, Sir. I promise I shall make every effort to close this case promptly.”
“That’s what I like to hear. On another subject, I hear you were in Buffalo last weekend. With a woman, I understand.”
“Yes Sir, an old high school chum. Went to see a Sabre’s game with her and had a good time.”
“Good, you need a woman in your life. Her mother is in Sunset Nursing Home, is that right?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“I could sure use her vote.”

CHAPTER 3 
Suspicion Increases
Wednesday Afternoon
Shard looked across his desk past Periwinkle, who sat opposite, his mind a thousand miles away. Absently, he reached under his chair, and retrieved a Camel from the worn upholstery.
“Don’t you wonder, Periwinkle, where the Kaiser hears everything? He never lifts his bulk out of his chair, yet he knows all. He even knew that I was in Buffalo last weekend with Ellen. If Bluder told him, how did she find out?”
“I didn’t tell him, Boss.”
“I’m not accusing you, Periwinkle, or Johnsen either -- assuming we ever see him again.”
“Oh, he’s around somewhere, Boss. He’ll be back.”
Shard’s eyes retained their faraway look.
“The Kaiser was upset that I found the body in my carriage house. He’s worried that it’ll make the department look bad. He almost sounded as if he blames me for the killing. At lunch that slime bucket Witry told me the same thing. He predicted that I’d need his professional advice before this was over. Last night you guys interrogated me as if I knew anything about her death. What’s going on here? Does everyone in Leyden think I’m guilty?”
“We don’t Boss, and I don’t think anyone else does either. It’s just an odd coincidence that sticks in people’s minds.”
“That’s exactly how the Kaiser put it.”
Johnsen chose the moment to walk into the office. His first thought was that he drew the wastebasket again.
“It’s nice of you to make it in today, Norseman,” Shard said. “I hear you were at the library sunk in a leather chair reading a mystery novel in front of the fire. That true?”
Johnsen looked at Periwinkle. “Where did you get that far-fetched notion? They have a fire at the library? I didn’t know that. If they’d serve drinks they’d make their book budget in a week.”
“It wasn’t my idea,” Periwinkle said.
“You didn’t give me anything to do this morning until you cleared the warrant with the Kaiser, so I called a couple of guys I know in the drug task force in Utica to check on our pharmacist. They said she’d never come up in their investigations. That doesn’t mean that she wasn’t up to her knickers in the local drug trade, only that she hadn’t been caught. But those guys are pretty good, Boss.”
“Good work, my man,” Shard said.
“While I had them, I also had them check on any priors. She’s clean, Boss, except for two speeding tickets in the last couple of years. I wrote their dates down for you. Know what kind of a car she drove?”
“No. How would I know that?”
“She must have been doing pretty well. She drove a Porsche 911. Those things cost big bucks, Boss, but they’re beautiful.”
“So was she,” Periwinkle said.
“Must have been quite a come down for her to drive around in a rented Honda,” Shard said.
“Huh?” 
“We found the car, Johnsen, in the block behind my house. She rented it in her name,” Shard said.
“Oh.”
“I’ve cleared the warrant with the Kaiser, and he promised to call the judge. Go over to the courthouse and have him sign ones for her house and office. Periwinkle will give you the addresses. If we have time, we’ll go down to Utica this afternoon. If not, first thing in the morning. Probably the latter now.”
“Right, Boss.”
“Periwinkle, see if you can locate any more of her relatives and get her ex-husband’s phone number for me. I want to know if it’s worth our time to talk to him. I think most exes stay clear of their former spouses, but I may be wrong. I still have to call Captain Mussolini, especially since we’ve already mucking up his turf. Let’s get going. I promised the Kaiser we’d wrap this up before it compromises his campaign.”
“It’s Muccione, Boss. You want to be careful with Italian names down there,” Johnsen said.
“Right.”
“But first, I need some fresh air.”
“It’s fresh, all right. Snowing like the dickens. Tonight’s patrol will need chains for sure,” Johnsen said.
Johnsen was right, not that Shard ever doubted that anyone who spent four years at Bemidji State wouldn’t know snow. Leyden had an eerie feeling, perfectly silent with a pristine beauty that hid its imperfections. Shard liked winter, not simply because his Morgan usually started, but because it drew him into himself, isolated him from distractions like noise, townspeople talking and jostling on the sidewalks, car doors slamming, and the like. He stood there alone immersed in God’s favorite North Country precipitation.
He walked over to the blue machine that advertised free real estate listings booklets, mostly for summer people who came up to their camps. He took out the few booklets remaining and found a Camel under them. As he put the ads back in, he noticed that he could buy a camp on Little Long Lake for only $200,000. Out of his price range, he decided.
Shard walked towards the post office. Not another soul was about. It was his town, and he loved it. As he rounded the corner, he saw Dizzy bolt from the post office door and in one bound reach the bottom of the shoveled steps whereupon he lifted his leg on the upright supporting the handrail. When finished, he spotted Shard and waded down the unshoveled sidewalk to have his ears rubbed. Dizzy started to sit in the snow, thought better of it, and brushed himself against Shard’s pants for encouragement.
“How are you old boy?”
Dizzy kept his head under Shard’s hand.
“Thought so,” Shard said, as Luke came out looking for his companion.
“Hello, Luke.”
“Lo.”
Luke was a kid of few words.
“Where were you and Dizzy on Sunday night?” Shard asked, knowing that Luke knew everything of no consequence that happened in the town simply because he was always out and about.
“Sunday?”
“Yup, church day.”
“We didn’t go.”
“That’s okay, Luke. See anything around town after Mass? Anything odd? New people?”
That was too many questions, Shard realized, but left it to Luke to sort them out.
“It snowed again.”
“Yes, it did, Luke.”
“Lots of it.”
“Yup. But did you see anybody?”
“Me and Dizzy made angels. Pretty ones.”
“I’ll bet. Did anyone come look at them?”
“Nah. But I seen you.”
“You saw me? Where?”
“Grocery store.”
“You were in the grocery store?”
“Nah. Outside.”
“Oh, you saw me in the parking lot?”
“Yeah.”
“Was I carrying groceries?”
“Yeah.”
“Did you see anybody else?”
“Nah. But I seen a car.”
“Really. Whose?”
“Don’t know. Funny car. Purple.”
“You saw a purple car? Where?”
“In street. Smushed my angel.”
“That was bad, Luke.”
“Yeah, he didn’t say please.”
“You mean sorry.”
“Yeah.”
Shard thought about the purple car on his short walk back to headquarters. It was so odd that even Luke noticed. He couldn’t think of anyone in Leyden who owned one. Leyden simply wasn’t a purple-car town.
Neil Hahn was still on duty, his boots standing at attention on the right corner of his desk. Shard proffered a cheery, “hi,” walked a few steps past, then stopped and turned back, and asked, “what color was that Honda we towed in here from behind my house?”
“I don’t know, Sir. I didn’t see it.”
“Besides which, you can’t go outside barefooted.”
“Right, Sir. Let me check.” After a short phone call, Neil said, “purple, Lieutenant.”
Wednesday, Late Afternoon
On his way upstairs to his office, Shard considered how often Luke was a witness in his investigations. Maybe God’s a trickster, Shard thought. He furnished him eyes and ears that saw and heard all, but wasn’t competent enough to testify in court. Shard admitted, no matter how much he needed Luke’s eyewitness report he wouldn’t let him testify -- they’d hurt him. Plus, it was a helluva struggle to get anything out of Luke, except that he makes wonderful snow angels.
Shard’s office was uncharacteristically unoccupied. He rang Periwinkle, who shared an even smaller space with the hulking Norseman.
“Periwinkle, you’re the only person I know who talks Luke.”
“Talks what?”
“Luke. His language. I just met him and Dizzy outside, and he told me that he saw me come out of the grocery store Sunday. So, I have an alibi for at least 3 minutes. But, that’s not why I called. He also mentioned that he saw a purple car Sunday. Guess what color the rented Honda is?”
“I’ll go for the reach Boss, purple?”
“Bingo. Now, the first question that comes to mind is what kind of a person rents a purple car?”
“I’d guess a woman, Boss.”
“Okay. What rental company in its right mind would offer a purple rental car? Especially when I bet men buy them.”
“What does this have to do with the murder, Boss?”
“There’s a chance that someone driving a purple car murdered Denise. I need you to find Luke and his dog, take them to Patels, fill them up with donuts and hot dogs, and find out what else Luke remembers about that car. I only wish Dizzy could talk. He’d probably make more sense.”
“That’s mean, Boss.”
“Sorry.”
“I assume they’re snuggled against the radiator in the post office?”
“Yup.”
“Okay, I’ll go over there. Will the department reimburse me for this fete? I was out eight bucks the last time I fed them.”
“Yeah, but Luke gave you the information that broke the case.”
“It was still eight bucks, Boss. You don’t pay me that much, remember? You told me once that you were embarrassed by my salary.”
“Talk to Bluder. She might spring for it. Better yet invite her to come along with Luke and Dizzy. She might love dogs. In her case though, they’d probably have to be German Shepards. Big ones.”
“Did you find Josef Schmidt’s phone numbers? I left them on your desk.”
“Yeah, they’re here. Thanks.”
Shard looked at the two numbers written in a perfect hand on a clean, unwrinkled piece of periwinkle-colored writing paper. He wondered if Bluder had cut the stationery budget again and Periwinkle had purchased her own supplies. He wouldn’t have noticed because he only wrote on the back of used paper and envelopes. Periwinkle’s choice of paper showed class, he thought, and he was lucky to have her. If he were ten years younger…. and his thoughts drifted from the wolves to the call he should make to Captain Mussolini.
Shard’s warning that he was about to invade Muccione’s precincts left the Utica captain unperturbed. “The crime wasn’t committed in my bailiwick,” he said, “and most important you’ll have to bear all investigation costs.”
“Besides,” the captain added, “you guys up there have a more generous budget. \ We can’t even keep the streets plowed down here.”
Yeah, and we can’t buy stationery, Shard thought, but in the interest of inter-governmental harmony he didn’t argue either point. He thanked Mussolini profusely, and made a mental note to send him a decent bottle of single malt after the case was closed.
Shard’s periwinkle paper had two phone numbers. He guessed that no elementary principal could leave his building before five o’clock, so he called Schmidt’s office.
When the principal answered, Shard identified himself.
“I guess I’m cleared, Lieutenant. I haven’t been in Leyden since I attended the county fair up there about fifteen years ago.”
“We still have the fair every year, Mr. Schmidt. Come on back.”
“Call me Josef, please.”
“Okay. I’m interested in some information on your ex-wife, Denise.”
“I haven’t seen her in months. We had an amicable divorce, but we don’t keep in touch much. There’s no need to. We didn’t have any kids, or even a pet. We split everything relatively easily. She went her way, and I mine. I doubt I can tell you much.”
“I’m really looking for background information on her. For instance, are her parents still alive?”
“No, I never met them. They died before we married. Hers is not a long-lived family.”
“How about grandparents.”
“They’re all dead as well.”
“She was an only child?”
“She’s a classic example of an only child, Lieutenant. A woman who knows exactly what she wants, and how to get it.”
“I remember that about her,” Shard said. “She went to high school up here, in my class, matter of fact.”
“I knew she went to school there, but don’t remember she ever mentioned you.”
“There’s no reason she would, Josef. Was she married before?” 
“Before me, you mean? No, she was getting close to what she used to laughingly call spinsterhood. For the record, I was married earlier. Unfortunately, that one ended in divorce too. I’m not very good at marriage, I guess.”
“Sorry to hear that. Would you mind telling me why you and Denise divorced?”
“Hard to say. I suspect our marriage fell apart because neither of us had the time, or maybe the will, to work to hold it together. We were both busy and spent little time together. As I look back on it, I think it’s all rather sad. She’s a nice woman, and we were compatible -- in every way, if you get my drift. And you knew her, so you know how beautiful she is. I could never figure what she saw in me. I’m rather plain looking. Our mating was the reverse of that in the bird kingdom where the females are drab. I’ll tell you, she’s anything but drab.”
“Did you guys have personality conflicts?” Shard asked, as he noticed the black ballpoint pen in his “IN” box. He unscrewed the two parts and shook out a Camel. A broad smile settled across his face.
“None you’d call personal. She’s much more ambitious than I am. I don’t want to be superintendent, don’t even want to run our high school. I’m very good where I am, getting young kids off to a good academic start.”
“And Denise?” 
“She’s upwardly mobile, Lieutenant. She is the district pharmaceutical manager for Eckerds and has her sights on regional manager, and eventually national manager. I think she’ll succeed. She works hard enough at it. I’ll tell you too that she’s more than a little neurotic. Everything has to be just the way she wants it. She’s a consummate organizer, which sometimes irritated me. Maybe all driven people are neurotic. Do you think?”
“Never gave it much thought, Josef. I’m not organized or driven or neurotic, but you might be right.”
“Ever see any evidence that she took drugs or drank inordinately?”
“That’s a tough one, Lieutenant. I’ll answer it in reverse. Does she drink? Yes, but I’m not sure to an inordinate extent. Maybe three or four a night, perhaps a couple more when she’s upset or tired. She’s not an alcoholic in the sense that she has to drink or drinks during the day or drinks alone. Drugs? That’s a more difficult one to answer. She knows a great deal about them and has access to anything she wants. She does self-medicate, as she calls it. I’m not sure what she takes, but I do know she practically ate prescription sleeping pills. She didn’t sleep well when we were married, even with the pills. I also know that she occasionally took relaxants like Valium and other stuff when she was overstressed. She did mix alcohol and medicines occasionally. My guess is that half the nation does, but she always seemed in control of herself. I never saw her spaced out.”
“Do you know anyone she dated after your divorce? From what you’ve said, I assume no one broke up your marriage.”
“No, we were faithful. I heard a rumor that Denise has been dating somebody. I don’t know whom, but I would assume it’s some guy who works with her or in the drug business, anyway. If she’s true to form, it’s a guy who can help advance her career. She doesn’t have the time or inclination to meet someone outside of work.”
“Can you remember who told you this?”
“It seems to me, Lieutenant, that I heard it at a party, but I can’t put a face to it. Sorry.”
“I understand.”
“I suppose at this point I should ask why you’re so interested in my ex-wife. Your questions didn’t offer any hint.”
“I’m afraid I have some bad news for you, Josef. Your ex-wife was murdered, probably last Sunday. Whoever killed her left her body in my carriage house. I don’t have the formal autopsy results yet, but it appears that she was strangled.” Shard decided to omit mention of the beating.
“Holy Jesus! You’ve got to be kidding.”
“No, afraid not. And you have my condolences.” 
“Will you let me know when you discover who did it, Lieutenant? We may have been divorced, but I still have feelings for her. She was a good wife in most respects. Do you have any idea when her funeral will be?”
“That depends on when the Mohawk County coroner releases her body. I shouldn’t think he’d keep it too long though. I will keep you in the loop, and I thank you for talking to me. If you think of anything else, especially regarding her rumored boyfriend, I’d appreciate a ring at the county sheriff’s department.”
“Will do.”
Johnsen and Periwinkle came into the office just as Shard hung up.
“I’ve unstrung the whole web, Boss, and can’t find that Denise had any living parents or grandparents,” Periwinkle said.
“I was just going to call to tell you to stop looking. Her ex told me they were all dead. Short-lived family, he said. Little did he know just how short-lived.”
“Did you learn anything from him, Boss?” Johnsen asked.
Shard filled them in on his conversation.
“The judge signed two warrants,” Johnsen said. “I have them right here in my big, cold hands.”
“Good, we’ll go down there first thing tomorrow. It’s almost five o’clock. Go home and pack for our trip.”
Thursday Morning
“Is this snow ever going to stop?” Periwinkle asked.
“I don’t know. Maybe the boss ought to check with the Kaiser. He always knows,” Johnsen said. “But my guess is that the storm ought to be gone by the Fourth of July, if not a few days sooner. Put money on it, little flower.”
“Put money on what?” Shard asked as he came into the office and wondered if he ought to order Johnsen out of his chair. Rank should have some privileges around here, he thought, but we’ve been playing this game of musical chairs so long I hate to break the tradition. He overturned the wastebasket and sat on it. Apparently I don’t ever throw anything away, he told himself. The wastebasket is always empty.
“That the snow will end by July fourth,” Periwinkle said.
“Don’t bet on it,” Shard said. “The regulars at Schuylers have a wager every year on the day the swimming pool will open. A couple this winter have bet that it’ll won’t open next summer because the town fathers wouldn’t dare open it when it’s snowing.”
“Geez, why do we live here?” Johnsen asked.
“Beats Bemidji, Norseman,” Shard said. “Okay, this morning we drive down to Taber Road and go through Denise’s house. I doubt we’ll find much, but we’ll get a feeling for the kind of woman she was – and maybe some indication of whom she dated. Then we’ll go to her office. For this journey we need supplies. It’s a long thirty miles down there. Johnsen. You’re in charge of fresh donuts. Don’t get any with jelly. I hate them.”
“But, Boss, I love raspberry-filled donuts, and I haven’t had any breakfast,” Periwinkle said.
“Okay, buy her one. She has a perfect body to maintain,” Shard said, and immediately wished he hadn’t. “Periwinkle you’re in charge of coffee. Don’t get it from our machine downstairs. Bluder filters that stuff through her summer nylons.”
Shard followed them downstairs. 
“How’s everything Neil?”
“Just fine, Sir. The sheriff gave me a double shift today. My kids need new gloves and galoshes.”
“Johnsen, Periwinkle, and I will be down in Utica most of the day. Save my calls, will you?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“I see your boots are on the desk again. May I see the left one?”
Neil gave him a fishy look, but handed it to him. Shard turned it upside down and caught the Camel that fell out. Neil’s eyes bulged.
“How’d you do that?” he asked.
“Do what?” Shard said, as he handed the boot back.
Shard’s two-and-one-half ton cruiser with rear-wheel drive wasn’t great in snow, but he drove slowly. Utica, as usual, hadn’t plowed its streets, but in New Hartford the roads were clear, and the plows had shoved the snow piles back.
Taber Road ran across the middle of the steep hill that rose out of the Mohawk Valley on the south side of the river. Its neat, widely separated houses built in the 1920s, marked it as an upscale neighborhood. Denise’s house at 2241 was impressive in its simplicity. A story and a half, built of grey stone with off-white shingles above, gave it a sense of stately repose, especially against the pristine snow that reached to the bottom of the first floor windows.
“What a nice place,” Periwinkle said. “I love the Dutch half-door in the front. Now, that’s class. Be fun to lean out of it to talk to my neighbors in the summer. Maybe trade fresh squash or something.”
“We’re not going to have a summer, so forget it,” Johnsen said.
“It has copper gutters, and I’ll bet a slate roof too. I love copper gutters,” Shard said. “And from the unshoveled driveway it’s obvious that nobody has been here for days.” 
“Ah, Boss,” Periwinkle said, “how are we going to get in the house? We don’t have a key. And shouldn’t we have someone from the New Hartford police with us?”
“That’s why I pay you guys the big bucks -- to slow everything down. But I get the big bucks to make decisions. Norseman will get us in. You remember he majored in lock picking at Bemidji. You radio the local constabulary to see if they have anyone available to baby-sit us. I’ll bet they pass on that golden opportunity. If they do, perchance, offer to send an officer, ask if he’ll bring us some coffee. Black.”
“The Vikings had locks, you know,” Johnsen said, “very sophisticated ones. Many were made of iron, but they also had wooden ones -- and keys. Their keys didn’t look like ours, they were….”
“When he retires, and I hope it’s soon,” Periwinkle said, “he can teach a graduate course on Viking lock smithing at Bemidji. Bet it’ll be a rouser. And the New Hartford police told me they couldn’t spare an officer to watch us. The sergeant wished us luck.”
As they waded through knee-high snow to the front door, Shard said, 
“Periwinkle you take her bedroom and bathroom. You’ll know what to expect there. Johnsen and I’ll go through her refrigerator, game room, tool chest, and heating system. Everyone keep an eye out for her purse, although I doubt she left it here. She had to have ID to rent that purple car.”
Periwinkle resisted comment on her assigned duties. 
Johnsen examined the lock, muttered “easy,” and had them inside in seventeen seconds. Shard timed him.
“The woman had taste,” Periwinkle said, as she looked around the living room. Painted pale yellow, it seemed to radiate light even on such a gloomy day. A dark patterned, hand-knotted Persian carpet that stretched almost wall to wall contrasted with the room’s airiness. The furniture, dominated by wingback chairs and Chippendale love seats, was arranged in a conversational cluster in front of a huge fireplace flanked by two white book cases. Birch wood was piled high in a basket to the left of the fireplace.
They fanned out through the house. As they walked into the kitchen, Shard noticed water and food bowls next to the refrigerator. “She must have a dog or a cat. Probably a cat. She couldn’t leave a dog for a week,” Shard said. “Watch out or he’ll come leaping out at us and scare us half to death.”
“No beer in the fridge,” Johnsen said, “and not much food either. She obviously wasn’t a gourmet cook. Maybe that’s why her husband divorced her.”
Periwinkle walked into a master bedroom tastefully papered in a small, cool, blue print. A tabby cat lay in the middle of the bed with one eye open. He slowly rolled over on his back with his legs splayed to let her rub his tummy. When Periwinkle obliged, he began to purr. While she continued her ministrations, she eyed the room’s details. It was curiously impersonal, she thought, its walls covered with watercolor landscapes. The only photograph in the room stood in a silver frame on the dresser. Periwinkle walked over to look at it more closely. When she held it up to the light, she froze; it was of a younger Shard, but unmistakably him. She slipped the photo out of its frame, but found nothing on its back.
Laying the photo at the foot of the bed, Periwinkle went through Denise’s closets and drawers. The woman had impeccable taste in clothes; she must have spent a fortune on them, Periwinkle thought. The drawers were neurotically organized, everything in neat piles, underwear organized by colors, bras folded neatly into their cups, rather large ones Periwinkle noted. She moved things aside in every drawer and found nothing interesting until she opened the third drawer of the highboy. There she found an opened box of twenty-four condoms with four missing. She must be in a relationship with somebody, Periwinkle decided.
Her bathroom was spotless, as if it had never been used. Even in death this woman made Periwinkle feel inferior. She found the expected sanitary products in the linen closet, but the medicine cabinet was crammed with pill bottles. Either this woman was sick, or she had a drug problem, Periwinkle thought. Most of the bottles, at least those with labels, were sleeping pills. Several contained Valium, and the rest were either unidentified or had unrecognizable medical names. Periwinkle found it most curious that none bore a doctor’s name. She inventoried the drugs in her notebook. On the bottom shelf of the cabinet, she found a circular birth-control dispenser with six pills gone. If she were going to Rochester, Periwinkle asked herself, why didn’t she take the whole dispenser? It would have been easier. But if she were on the pill and in a steady relationship, why did she need condoms? The only conclusion that made any sense to Periwinkle was that maybe she was open to a one-night stand.
In the small office off the bedroom, Periwinkle rustled through papers on the desk. Her office was not as neat as the rest of the house, but at least, Periwinkle thought, she kept everything in piles that made it easier to search. Periwinkle gave a heap of unpaid bills a quick look and was struck by a very upscale boutique lingerie shop’s invoice for eight hundred dollars dated two weeks earlier. Periwinkle calculated that she hadn’t owned that much underwear over her whole life, nor was any of hers as delicate and expensive as these things. A woman doesn’t buy this stuff unless she plans to model it for somebody, she said to herself.
An Apple computer stood to the right of the bills, and when Periwinkle pressed its mouse, it immediately came on. Denise had left it on sleep mode. Periwinkle brought up Denise’s e-mails, all 2,136 of them. “Good God!” she said aloud, “hasn’t you ever heard of the delete key?” Periwinkle realized she couldn’t get through all of them if she had all day, but scrolled down quickly to see what was there. Most were from clothing stores and catalogues.
Periwinkle was about to put the machine back to sleep when she noticed that it had one item in unsent draft form. When she clicked on it, she brought up a letter that began, “Dear Honeypot.” It was undated and unfinished. Two sentences into it Periwinkle realized that it was a carefully worded “Dear John” note. Honeypot was about to be sent on his way. While running off a copy, she wondered why Denise bought all the fancy lingerie, birth control pills, and condoms if she were about to give her lover the boot, unless she had meant to narrow the field. Or maybe Honeypot was a guy she barely knew for whom she had bought the condoms for protection.
Downstairs they met up in the living room and sat down to hear what Periwinkle had found. She kept Shard’s photo face down in her lap and reported on her medical inventory and evidence of Denise’s possible romantic entanglements. When she showed Shard his picture, his first reaction was a sharp intake of breath. 
“Where in hell did she get that?” he asked. “That’s my college graduation picture. I haven’t seen it in twenty years. I don’t even know where my copy is. Where did you find it?”
“On the dressing table in her bedroom.”
“Whaaaat? What was it doing there?” 
“I don’t know, Boss. Have you any idea?”
“None,” he said softly.
Looking around the room to feign disinterest, Johnsen spied an ashtray on an end table next to a love seat.
“It looks like Denise smoked,” he said. “I wouldn’t have predicted it, but look on that mahogany end table. She smoked in her own house, this house. And she was so damned prim and clean in every other way.”
Periwinkle stood up to break contact with Shard’s eyes, and picked up the ashtray.
“They’re all unfiltered Camels,” she blurted before she could stop herself.
Thursday Morning
As they walked to their car, Shard remembered the cat.
“We have to do something about that damned cat,” he said. “Go next door Periwinkle, and ask the neighbors if they’ll take care of it. Maybe Denise’s ex will adopt it, or we’ll take it to the pound.”
Periwinkle shuffled down the sidewalk and rang the neighbor’s doorbell. A few moments later she returned.
“Nice folks,” she said. “They like Tom and told me they’d be happy to watch him. They have a key to the house.”
“Tom?” Shard asked. “The cat’s name is Tom?”
“Yeah,” Periwinkle answered tentatively. “Maybe it’s because he’s a tomcat, you know, a male.”
"Maybe," Shard said.

CHAPTER 4 
Even Worse
Thursday Morning
On the way to Denise’s office, Shard began to believe that someone had set him up and had done a fine job of it, even to the damned cat’s name. There was no earthly reason Denise would have his photo in her bedroom, and he sure as hell had never been in her house, much less smoked three cigarettes in it. He never smoked in anyone’s house anymore. This was beginning to stink, no pun intended, he thought.
 “I hardly knew that woman,” Shard said to Periwinkle and Johnsen. “I haven’t seen her in years. Somebody has it in for me, and I intend to find out who, and I’ll bet you a dinner at Schuylers that when I do we’ll have her killer.”
He parked at an expired meter in front of a Bleeker Street office building that showed signs of having been recently rehabbed. 
“Nice job,” Periwinkle said, as they got out of the car. 
“It’s in keeping with what we know about Denise,” Shard said. “She always showed class and sought to impress her bosses, co-workers, and customers.”
Her office suite occupied the entire fourth floor, and the elevator, a nice brass enclosure, opened directly into her secretary’s office.
The woman behind the L-shaped, cherry desk was as impressive as her surroundings. Slim and professionally dressed, her butternut-colored hair advertised an expensive, professional cut and color job. Her flashing blue eyes, however, were natural. The sign on her desk announced that she was Jennifer Dugan. A nice comforting name, Shard thought.
When Shard showed her their warrant and explained that they were there to go through Denise’s things to try to find an indication of why she had been murdered, Jennifer flinched as if someone had struck her.
“Murdered? She’s dead?” she asked, face chalk white.
Shard didn’t realize that she hadn’t heard, and felt guilty at his careless approach. If Denise’s obit was in the morning O-D, it was obvious she hadn’t seen it.
“I’m sorry,” Shard said. “I didn’t realize you hadn’t heard. Is there anything we can get you?”
“Nnnno.” 
Shard waited a moment before he explained how Denise had been killed. Jennifer said nothing.
After a proper pause, he asked “could you answer a few questions for us? For example, where was Ms. Sizemore last week?”
“She was in Las Vegas, left Syracuse on Tuesday and was due back on Friday.”
“Could we have copies of her flight schedule and hotel information?”
“I have them right here,” she said, having regained a modicum of professional poise. “She flew American Airlines first class through Chicago to Vegas. Both ways, and stayed at the Dunes in Vegas.”
“Did she go there to gamble?” Periwinkle asked.
“Oh, no, Ms. Sizemore would never do that. She never had time for that sort of thing. She was very serious.”
“Why was she there, then?” Johnsen asked.
“She attended a pharmaceutical convention. Eckerds buys a lot of drugs, you know, and she was an expert at getting us some of the lowest prices in the industry. That was an important part of her job.”
“Who sponsored the convention?” Shard asked.
“Hoffmann-LaRoche,” said Jennifer. “They have the patent on Valium, and we sell a lot of that.”
“The drug company paid for the flights and the hotel room?” Shard asked.
“Oh, yes, drug companies always do. They hold their conventions in some of the most interesting places. She was in Hawaii a couple of months ago, and was due to go to Miami in two weeks. Gets her out of the snow here, you know. I always wished she’d take me with her, but she never suggested it.”
Jennifer’s color had returned, and Shard guessed that in some corner of her mind she was asking what was going to happen to her now.
“Did she call you while she was in Vegas?” Shard asked.
“Oh, yes, she called every morning as soon as she got up to catch up on her calls and e-mails. She always stayed in touch. She didn’t miss much around here.”
“Did she call you Friday morning?” 
“Yes, like always.”
“But she was supposed to get back to Syracuse Friday evening, right?”
“Yes. Her flight was due in at 7:05 pm.”
“But we know that she rented a car in Rochester Friday afternoon about 6.00 pm. What was she doing there?”
“She wasn’t supposed to be there,” Jennifer said. “I can’t imagine why she was.”
“Did she call you Saturday morning? At home maybe?” Shard asked.
“No.”
“So, the last time you talked to her was Friday morning?” 
“Yes.”
Shard sat silently for a few moments.
“Did you know that Ms. Sizemore had a cat?”
“No, she never mentioned it to me.”
“Did she ever have any pets?”
“Not that I know of, why?”
“We found a cat in her house. The neighbor said its name was Tom.”
“She never invited me to her house, so I don’t know whether she had a pet or not. She was a very private person.”
“Did she ever have dinners or parties at her house for other Eckerd’s employees?” Periwinkle asked. 
“Oh, yes. I made the arrangements for them, hired caterers and the like. She usually had them on holidays, maybe a half a dozen times a year.”
“What kind of a boss was she to work for?” Periwinkle asked, as Shard gave her a guarded look.
“She was okay. She was all business, never asked me anything about my life. She didn’t gossip in that way. But she always asked me what other people in the company were doing and saying. She stayed on top of that kind of gossip, and she knew that I heard a great deal of it.”
“Did she ever take a vacation?” Shard asked, aware that he hadn’t had one in four years.
“I’ve worked for her for two years, and she never took a day off except to go to conventions. She never got sick. I don’t think she ever caught a cold. She was amazing. Never varied her routine. I could look at my watch any time of the day and tell you where she was and what she was doing.”
“She was divorced, wasn’t she?” Periwinkle asked.
“Yes, years ago.”
“Do you know whether she was dating anyone?”
“She never mentioned anyone to me and I never heard any rumors. I’d be the last person she’d tell.”
Shard noticed that this woman, who had worked for Denise for two years, hadn’t shed a tear over her death. She no longer even seemed upset. In his experience, women always cried when someone they knew died, especially if she’d met a violent end. She either knew more than she was telling, Shard decided, or she didn’t like Denise.”
“We’ve heard that Ms. Sizemore was a rising star at Eckerds. Was that so?” he asked.
Jennifer pursed her lips, and stared at a spot just above Shard’s head. “For sure she was on her way up,” she began. “She worked on it every day. I suppose you could call her ambitious, very ambitious.”
“What were her strengths?” 
The secretary paused before answering. “Well she was very smart and crafty, and dressed better than anyone else in the company. She spent a fortune on clothes; I never saw her with a hair out of place either. I don’t know how she did it with the weather we have around here.”
“Did you like her?” Shard asked.
That threw Jennifer’s neurons into a dither. He could see it in her eyes. She was trying to decide whether to be politic or honest. She chose the former.
“She was a good boss. She gave me excellent ratings every year, and recommended me for the top tier of raises. I’m among the highest paid personal assistants in the company.”
“Nice evasion,” Shard said to himself.
“You didn’t like her very much though, did you?” 
“Our relationship was strictly professional.” 
“Was she close to anyone in Eckerds?”
“Oh yes, she was great friends with the state and regional managers. She talked to them almost every day and treated them like royalty when they visited.”
Shard wasn’t surprised.
“One last question, Ms. Dugan,” he said. “Can you think of anyone who’d want to kill her?”
Again, she hesitated before answering.
“A lot of people around here probably will rejoice at the news of her death. But I can’t think of anyone who’d kill her. She wasn’t malicious; she was all business – with everyone.”
Shard thanked her and asked to look at Denise’s office.
Thursday Afternoon
Back in Shard’s office, Periwinkle and Johnsen fanned out to allow the boss his desk chair. His eyes darted around the room before he pushed the upside down wastebasket against the wall, stepped up on it, and located a Camel on top of the Venetian blinds. 
Johnsen waved his fellow sergeant into the chair and took the wastebasket.
“You know, it almost looked as if her office had been swept clean before we arrived,” said Shard. “Note that Ms. Dugan said that Denise called every morning for news, including her e-mails. That meant that Jennifer had access and permission to read them. That tells me that Denise would have killed anyone who sent a personal message to her office computer because Jennifer might see it. By her own admission, Dugan gossiped, probably at Denise’s urging, with everyone in the company. Denise had to know that Dugan gleefully would have passed anything private on to other folks. But Periwinkle told us that she didn’t see anything earth-shaking in Denise’s home e-mails, except maybe the “Dear John” letter. Johnsen, I want you to go back there to retrieve all two thousand and something of them on a disk, or whatever you put them on. If she had any personal e-mails, they’d have to be in that pile.”
“Come on Boss, we were just down there, and besides Periwinkle is our computer genius,” Johnsen said.
“I need Periwinkle for something else. I know that none of your saga-ridden forebears could decipher runes, but your family must have advanced over the last millennium. Hell, even Mrs. Olndowski next door could copy those e-mails while making the best franks and beans in town.”
“I need Periwinkle’s expertise here because something stinks about Denise’s airline tickets. Her flights didn’t go through Rochester; they went through Chicago both ways. She rented that purple thing out back at six o’clock Friday afternoon, but she was due in Syracuse at 7.05 that night. That begs the simple question of how she got to Rochester. I want Periwinkle to politely ask American Airlines how that happened.”
“American Airlines just loves to give such details to everyone who asks,” Periwinkle said.
“Good. Also call your friends at the Dunes to see if she did stay there. Was she there Thursday night? Did she check out Friday morning in time to catch her flight? I see that it was scheduled to depart Vegas at 9.55 am. Remember, she also called Dugan that morning, I assume from the airport given the time difference. Also see if Roachman-Hofbrau paid for her room. For that matter the flights too. I bet they did; she flew first class, but then she did everything first-class -- except make close, loving friends.”
“It’s Hoffmann-LaRoche, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
Shard ignored her. He wasn’t good on names, especially those that sounded foreign. He thought Leyden was too far inland to make remembering them worthwhile.
“Also, I want you to….”
Doc interrupted, cigar butt tucked in the left side of his mouth, and carrying a black manila folder that Shard knew contained Denise’s autopsy results.
“I charge extra for delivery,” he began. “I could be settled in my delightfully warm office right now, devising some intricate checker moves that will astound the world. Instead, I’m subjecting my best sport coat to the vicissitudes of a winter storm. You don’t find public servants as conscientious as me any more. Leyden’s lucky to have my like.”
“You’re absolutely right, Doc,” Johnsen said.
Doc glared at him. “Even your primitive ancestors had the sense not to leave their caves on days like today. They huddled inside and painted toads or something on their walls.” 
“Aw Doc,” Johnsen began.
“After burning the midnight oil, I have for you right here, my final, definitive
analysis of what happened to Ms. Sizemore.”
“In English, Doc, “ Shard said, “what did you find?”
“She was strangled. It killed her.”
“You told me that yesterday morning.” 
“Yeah, but now I’ve written it down and signed it. That means it’s absolute, scientific truth backed up by my intensive training at the finest university in the land. My reputation is on the line here, my friends. My findings are unassailable in court.”
“Right, Doc,” Shard said. “Have anything else for us?”
“I always do. She wasn’t exactly sober when she died. He blood alcohol was probably close to .08. It’s hard to tell on dead people, but that’s my educated guess. And furthermore, she had a wallop of Valium in her.”
“Wallop? Is that a scientific term, Doc?” Shard asked, with a look of mock surprise.
“It is when I use it. I’ve submitted it in a scientific paper I’ve sent in to the committee revising the OED. I’ve been apprised they were delighted with the term and will use it in their new edition. She was walloped, yup.”
“Are you saying she was unconscious when she was strangled? Drunk and drugged?” Shard asked.
“I wouldn’t go that far, but I suspect she must have been pretty woozy.”
“Another scientific term, Doc?” 
“Absolutely, Lieutenant. As soon as I complete my revolutionary checkers’ strategy, I’ll get to work on another scientific paper for the OED folks. They’re so impressed with my analysis of wallop they promised to pay postage over there for anything else I submit. What do you think of that?” Doc asked, as he switched his cigar butt to the other side of his mouth and shrugged inside his liver-colored jacket.
“I’m impressed,” Periwinkle said.
“I’m glad someone here appreciates the workings of a first-class mind. Oh, and by the way, I found this in Ms. Sizemore’s pants’ pocket.”
Doc handed Shard a piece of paper folded into the size of half a baseball card.
Shard carefully unfolded it, turned it right side up, and read it. His eyes got bigger, his face paled, and his mouth opened to say something, but nothing came out. He reread it and looked up.
“Somebody’s setting me up,” he said very slowly. “I didn’t write this. I swear I didn’t.”
“What’s it say, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
With some hesitation, Shard handed it to her. She read aloud:

Dear Denise,

I want to thank you for the good time last night. I don’t remember ever having had so much fun. You danced like a dream and afterwards, well you know what pleasure you gave me. I hope we don’t wait until the sheriff’s next ball to see each other. What we have is too good to allow it to atrophy. I’ll call you soon, but until then,

 Love, Tom
Periwinkle looked at Shard. “It’s not dated,” she said.
“I noticed that, too,” Shard said. “But I didn’t write it, or rather type it. Who sends a typed love letter to a girl?”
“Do you have a typewriter?” Johnsen asked. “We can compare the typefaces to prove that it’s a fake.”
“I had one years ago, but threw it out.”
“Can you type, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
“Of course I can type. I had to type my English papers until I met Hope.”
“I’ve never seen you type, Boss,” she said.
“That’s why I hired you two.”
“Did you have an office typewriter when you started here?” Johnsen asked.
“Yeah, but I don’t think I ever used it. When the Kaiser decreed we’d computerize, Bluder swept all them up and sold them off.” 
“In other words, Boss,” Johnsen said, “you don’t have a machine we can compare with this note.”
“Afraid not, but that’s not what bothers me. Whoever wrote that note knows that I took Denise to the sheriff’s ball a couple of years ago.”
Thursday Early Evening
Shard stared out his office window watching the thick flakes parade down. Johnsen and Periwinkle could see that his mind was elsewhere, however. He absent-mindedly arose, and pulled out the middle drawer of his filing cabinet. It was practically empty, but he picked out a manila folder marked N, and took out a Camel. Johnsen reached over from the wastebasket and pushed the drawer closed.
“I can’t imagine who would remember that. I had forgotten about it. The ball must have been at the end of my first year back in Leyden; that would make it three years ago. I had to make an appearance, and I wasn’t dating anybody. Then I ran into Denise somewhere and invited her. I guess we had a good time but it wasn’t anything special. About the only thing I remember from the evening is that she told me she was divorced. I didn’t know she’d been married.”
“If I remember correctly, Boss, you told us you hadn’t seen Denise in years. I think you said you’d last run into her on the street in Leyden,” Periwinkle said.
“I’d forgotten about the ball, but that was the last time I saw her alive. I’m sure of that.”
Periwinkle gave Johnsen a quizzical look out of the corner of her eye. He caught it and returned a slight nod.
“Okay, enough of that,” Shard said. “Periwinkle you do the computer searches I mentioned before Doc barged in. Oh yeah, will you also find Luke, and work your magic on him to see if he remembers anything else about the purple car, such as who was in it, or how many people, anything. Johnsen, run up in the morning to see Bluder to find out what she did with the department’s old typewriters. Maybe she never sold them. If they’re stored somewhere, run off a few lines on each, and we’ll compare them to this note. It might also be useful to try to track down the note’s paper. It doesn’t look very old. With any luck it was manufactured in someplace like Gloversville and sold only there. But I doubt it. And all of us should give some thought to who’s trying to pin this murder on yours truly. If we can find him, or her, we’ll solve this case. In the meantime, I’m off to seek solace with my moose and substance from Mrs. O. Off with you.”
Shard grabbed his coat off the rack, and left.
“Methinks he doth protest too much,” Periwinkle said. “Denise was probably the only date he had in his first three or four years here. How could he forget? Even if she didn’t give him all that pleasure mentioned in the note.”
“What you say makes sense, except for one thing,” Johnsen said.
“What’s that?”
“That note doesn’t sound like the boss. I can’t put my finger on it, but it’s wrong. Maybe it’s the syntax or something.”
Periwinkle picked it up off Shard’s desk and read it aloud again.
“I don’t know,” she said. “It’s polite and kind with a hint of intimacy, which strikes me as classic Shard. Also, how many men do we know who’d use the word “atrophy” in a love letter? Huh? Doesn’t that sound just like him?”
“Maybe, but I’m still not convinced. It just sounds sorta wrong. I’ll have to think about it. This reminds me of a story I just read. You know that I’m rereading Heimskringla?” 
“No, I didn’t,” Periwinkle said, and threw him a quizzical look.
“I haven’t reread it in years. It has the story of Eystein, king of the Uplanders, who conquered Trondheim and gave the Tronds a choice of whom they wanted to rule them, Eystein’s thrall, Tore the Hairy, or his dog Saur. The Tronds chose the dog and used witchcraft to give it the wisdom of three men. It could bark and speak words. Later a wolf killed and ate it.”
Periwinkle stared at him with uncomprehending eyes. “Wonderful tale, Norseman, but what has it to do with the boss’ alleged love letter?”
“Don’t you see?” Johnsen asked. “Shard has the wisdom of three men, but somewhere out there a wolf is lying in wait to tear him apart. All we have to do is find the wolf.”
“Let me get this straight,” Periwinkle said. “Shard’s a dog?”
“Not exactly. It’s a tale of bad triumphing over good. I think we have something like that here,” Johnsen explained.
“Right! I’m off to my computers to earn an honest living. Why don’t you go to Gloversville or somewhere and talk to Tore the Hairy?”
Thursday Morning
 “Will this stuff ever quit?” Periwinkle asked, as she came into Shard’s office where she found him nursing a large up of coffee and a very short, unfiltered Camel.
Shard thought she looked like a painting with snowflakes all over her plaid scarf and the shoulders of her Navy blue pea coat.
“Walk this morning?” Shard asked.
“Yeah. I was too lazy to shovel my car out. As soon as I get out of my duffle, I have some good stuff for you. American Airlines was so helpful. All I had to do was ask them nicely.”
“I don’t see how anyone could refuse you,” he said.
Periwinkle piled her coat and scarf on Shard’s file cabinet.
“Have you seen this morning’s paper?” Shard asked.
“I didn’t have time. I spent my newspaper reading time deciding whether to shovel my car out.”
“The Sun-Times has Denise’s obit and an article and editorial on our investigation.”
“I didn’t see it, Boss.”
“Doesn’t say anything we don’t already know. It emphasizes that she lived here before she went off to college. Unfortunately it does mention, twice in fact, that I found her body in my carriage house. And the editor wonders if I knew Denise. The Kaiser will love that.”
“But that doesn’t imply that you had anything to do with killing or hiding her body.”
“No.”
Johnsen walked in, and sat down on the wastebasket. 
“Hi, guys,” he said.
Shard and Periwinkle ignored him. “To balance that bad news, Boss, I have some information you wanted,” she said. “Denise caught the 7:40pm flight from Syracuse on Tuesday which was on time into Chicago, where she transferred to the 10:00 pm flight to Vegas. She got there a little after 11:40. Both flights were on time, which is a miracle given O’Hare’s record this winter. Friday morning she was on the 9:55 flight out of Vegas, again on time into Chicago. On all these flights, she had a window seat in first class. But here’s the odd thing. She didn’t catch her 4:15 flight to Syracuse, or at least American has no record of her boarding pass. I checked the two later flights from O’Hare to Syracuse, and she wasn’t on either of them. So, I politely asked American for its records for its Chicago to Rochester flights, and guess what?”
“I’ll take a stab at it. She bought a ticket to Rochester instead.”
“Bingo, Boss. There she was. She landed in Rochester a little after 5:30 Friday afternoon.”
“Which meant she went straight to the Hertz desk and rented a car. I’d guess she stopped to see someone in Rochester and planned to drive home afterwards. Make sense?”
“Yup. Better yet, Boss, I think I know who she wanted to see.”
“What? How’d you find that?”
“I checked her seating on all the flights. The same guy always sat next to her, including on the spur-of-the-moment change to Rochester.”
“Good for you girl! Who was it?”
“Somebody named Tim Winter.”
“Who’s he?”
“Well, that’s a problem. It’s not a terribly uncommon name, unfortunately, but I took a quick peek at New York drivers’ licenses and marriage records, and no Tim Winter fits any profile that I’d attach to him. Of course, he may be single, live in Manhattan, and not drive.”
“Doesn’t American have addresses and phone numbers for its passengers? Just check them for Winter.”
“Sounds easy, Boss, but there are some files I can’t access, and that’s one of them. To be honest I think the firewall they’ve put up around personal information is a good idea. I wouldn’t want some clown in Gloversville to get my credit card numbers, and other personal stuff.”
“Even hackers have morals, huh?”
“I’m not exactly a hacker, Boss. I work in the public interest.”
“Right. Take a look at Eckerd’s managers’ listing to see if he’s on it. She may have been using him to achieve another step up the corporate ladder.”
“Way ahead of you, Boss. I’ve gone through the roster of every Eckerd’s employee who works in the company’s three New York regions. No Winter listed.”
“He’s got to be somewhere,” Shard said. “Tell you what, check all the motels around Rochester’s airport to see if a couple checked in 
 under either Winter’s or Sizemore’s name. Quite possibly they stayed for two nights, especially if he killed Denise on Sunday as Doc suspects. Did you check the Dunes in Vegas?”
“Of course. Denise was registered there from y y through Thursday night. And you were right; her room was one of the convention rooms that Hoffmann-LaRoche paid for. That doesn’t mean that Denise was actually in her room. Hotels don’t keep that information. It’s none of their business as long as no laws are broken.”
“What about Winter? Was he at the Dunes?”
“Good guess, Boss. His room was right next to Denise’s, and Hoffmann-LaRoche paid for it too. I checked the hotel’s floor plan, and there is a connecting door between the two rooms.”
“This guy Winter must be in the drug business somewhere. Would she date a competitor?”
“Maybe, if she thought she could weasel some information from him that would help her, Boss.”
“That sounds like her, all right. But sleeping with Winter seems a desperate way to get the information, don’t you think?”
“I think so, but it might be worth it to her, Boss. Lots of people resort to such activities for gain. Maybe they see it as a bit of fun on the side. Who knows?”
“Whatever, check out the airport motels. And Johnsen, when you go to Denise’s house to download her e-mails, will you call on her neighbor to see if he’s taking care of the cat? Ask the guy how long Denise has had the animal. If she just got it, the cat’s name seems even fishier. If she had it for ages, then it probably doesn’t mean anything.” 
Thursday Morning, Albany
 “I got the Utica newspaper like you wanted, Mr. S,” Tiny said. “Here it is.”
“Did you check the obituaries?” Alphie asked.
“The what?”
“The stories of dead people, you idiot.”
“I don’t know no dead people, Mr. S.”
“Right. Gimme the damned paper.”
Alphie rummaged through the Observer-Dispatch.
“Here it is, Tiny. Some broad named Denise Sizemore was found in that cop’s garage. Who’s she? Some broad named Ellen was supposed to be in his bed. This is all wrong! What the fuck happened?”
“Dead broad in his bed. Why would he want a dead broad in his bed?” Tiny asked.
“Don’t worry about it, Tiny. You’ll hurt your brain.” 
“Okay, Mr. S.”
“Holy shit, I gotta call Tony. It says this broad was from Leyden. Works in Utica. What the hell? But maybe it ain’t so bad. Maybe the cop knew her. Maybe he fucked her.”
“He fucked a dead broad in bed, Mr. S.?” Tiny asked.
“She weren’t dead, Tiny, she were alive.”
“I don’t understand none of this, Mr. S.”
“You wouldn’t. I gotta call Tony. Something’s all wrong with this, but maybe Uncle Joe’s guy did us a favor.”
“With a dead broad in bed?”
Thursday Morning, Albany
“Did you read the obituary in the Utica newspaper this morning? Uncle Joe’s guy whacked the wrong broad. He killed somebody named Denise and put her in Shard’s car, not his bed.”
“Who’s the whacked broad?” Tony asked. “I don’t read no Utica papers.”
“I don’t know who she is.”
“Then we don’t got to pay Uncle Joe, do we?” 
“We don’t pay Uncle Joe, we get whacked you fool,” Alphie said. 
“So now we got a dead broad we don’t know nothing about. I don’t need no dead broad. If she was alive and sexy, I might want her, know what I mean?”
“Shut up. I called Uncle Joe and said it might be okay, but it ain’t as good as offing his squeeze. I told Uncle Joe it would have been better if his boy had whacked a guy. Then we could make that cop look queer. Boy, that would be fun,” Alphie said.
“Is he sure it was a broad?”
“Of course, he ain’t that stupid.”
“Maybe Uncle Joe will lower his price because he screwed this up. Think so?”
“Jesus, Tony, use your head. Uncle Joe don’t bargain over stuff like this. He’s got overhead, and I ain’t going to cross him.”
“Okay, Alphie, but I’d sure like to get Uncle Joe to lower his price. We ain’t got what we wanted.
“Shut up.”
Thursday Morning, Utica
“Oh, shit,” he said aloud, when he finished reading Denise’s obituary. “The cops are really stirred up. If they find out Shard and Denise were lovers, they’ll really get hot. I’ve got to figure out an alibi for the weekend in case someone connects us. At least dead people can’t tell tales.”
Thursday Morning, Utica
Stan slammed the morning’s newspaper down on his coffee table. 
“She was still alive when I left the motel,” he said to nobody. “I checked. She was more drunk and drugged than beaten. I only hit her a few times – and choked her once. She couldn’t have died. The obit sounds like her, but it says her name was Denise. She never told me her name was Denise. I wonder why?”
He got up and poured another cup of coffee.
“Did someone have to dump her at a cop’s house? That’s really stupid. The cops are going to be all over this. I don’t think I left a trail, but I better come up with an alibi for the weekend, and my wife’s certainly not going to help me any. This is scary.”
Thursday Morning, Leyden
 “It can’t keep storming like this all winter,” Periwinkle thought, as she trudged through the snow to the Post Office. She found Dizzy curled up on the floor with Luke’s head on his stomach, both of them sound asleep.
“Donuts,” Periwinkle whispered.
Dizzy leapt up so fast that Luke’s head hit the floor with a discernable “thunk.”
“Hi ma’am,” he said after he finally got vertical. “Patels?”
“My treat,” she said.
Luke talked about snow angels, and Dizzy furiously wagged his tail all the way down the street. In Patels, she asked Luke, “do you remember the purple car you saw last Sunday?”
“Ain’t never saw no purple one before.” 
“I bet not, Luke, neither have I.”
“We both ain’t, yes?”
Periwinkle took a few seconds to parse that one.
“Right you are, Luke. How many people were in the purple car?”
Luke crammed an entire hot dog and bun in his mouth while Dizzy tongued-up his last donut. Periwinkle waited.
“One,” Luke finally said.
“One?” Periwinkle asked. “Man? Woman? Could you tell?”
“I know they ain’t the same.” 
“Good for you, Luke. Could you see whether it was a man or a woman in the car? The purple car.”
“Think man.”
“One man in the car? You didn’t see anyone else in the car?”
“Nope. Didn’t look neither. Was making a snow angel.”
“Ah yes, Luke, you make beautiful snow angels.” 
“I know it,” Luke said, between bits and pieces of the hot dog and bun that were straining to escape the corners of his mouth.
Thursday Morning
The last thing Johnsen wanted to do was to drive back to Utica. The snow was still falling heavily and the county plows were having a difficult time keeping the main roads open. The morning’s Sun-Times reported that eight of Leyden’s thirteen plows had broken down in the last five days. Even the sagas don’t mention this much snow, he thought.
Mohawk County had plowed and salted the treacherous Deerfield Hill down into Utica from the North Country, however, and he arrived at Denise’s house without any trouble. He picked her lock again and copied all 2,136 e-mails to a CD. He closed the house and waded down the sidewalk to the neighbor’s house.
A man opened his front door before Johnsen could ring the bell.
“Hello, Sir. I’ve come to check on Ms. Sizemore’s cat.”
“Come in, son,” the fellow said.
Johnsen feared the neighbor was prepared for a long winter’s chat. Over a cup of reheated coffee, he asked, “how’d you get into her house so fast? You didn’t have a key, I watched. Is it legal for you to go into a house without a key? I keep an eye out because everyone around here works, but I’m retired and home all the time. My neighbors aren’t like those good-for-nothings who believe that we owe them a living, so they don’t do anything but sit around and make more babies. It’s enough to make me want to vote for abortion and birth control. I’m Catholic, you know.”
“No Sir, I didn’t,” Johnsen said. “I have a judge’s warrant that gives me permission to enter the house. I don’t have a key because we haven’t found Ms. Sizemore’s purse. We assume her keys were in it.”
“If you don’t have a key, how’d you get in?” 
“I have tools that act much like master key. I select the correct one, and it usually unlocks the door.” 
“You mean you picked the lock?” 
“Not exactly, Sir. You see, I have the legal right to enter Ms. Sizemore’s house.”
“You’re dangerous,” the man said. “That means you can break into my house too using those thingamabobs. Nobody is safe from you.”
“But I’m a police officer, Sir. I have no right to enter your house unless I have a court order.”
“Do you know the judge, young fella?”
“Yes, Sir, I do.”
“Well, there. That proves I’m right doesn’t it?”
“It certainly does, Sir. Now, about the cat. Are you taking care of it?”
“Oh yes, Tom likes me.”
“I can understand why he would,” Johnsen said. “I’d appreciate it if you’d continue to watch Tom. When this case is settled, we’ll take him off your hands.”
 “I hope you never get it settled then. I’m becoming quite fond of him. It gets lonesome around here. My wife, Gertrude, died two years ago, you see.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, Sir. But one more question. Do you know how long Ms. Sizemore had Tom?”
“I don’t think much more than a week or so, if that.”
“Do you know why she named it Tom?”
“Well, I suppose because it is one. Anyone can see that.”
Johnsen left as soon as he could without hurting the old man’s feelings. The snow was falling so fast that his wipers couldn’t keep the windshield clear. Johnsen didn’t care though; he’d barely escaped another peroration on the moral failings of the poor.

Thursday Morning
“Ms. Bluder?” Johnsen asked, “do you know where all the old typewriters we had at headquarters are?”
Bluder stared at the sergeant as if he’d asked her to describe the breeding habits of the Arctic char.
“Typewriters, Sergeant?”
“Yes, Ma’am, the ones we had before we computerized. Did you sell them?”
“Who would have bought them? They were in terrible condition. I stored them in the cellar, in the little closet in the back of the storage room.” 
“There’s a closet in there?” 
“It’s impossible to see through the junk, but yes, Sergeant.”
“I need to take writing samples from the typewriters for the lieutenant.”
Bluder looked at him as if he were missing his nose.
“Go ahead, if you want to,” she said.
Johnsen went downstairs to find Neil.
“Could you get me in the little closet off the big storage room in the cellar?”
“Let me put my shoes on,” Neil said. 
Johnsen took one look into the small closet crammed with old typewriters.
“Oh, God,” he exclaimed. “I’ll be down in this hole all day.”
“Good luck, Sir,” Neil said, a bit too brightly.
Thursday Morning
 “Hilda!” the Kaiser yelled. “Come in here!” 
“Have you read this woman’s obituary in today’s paper?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Did you notice how many times the accompanying article mentioned Lieutenant Shard’s garage?”
“Yes, Sir. Twice.”
“Worse, did you read Gordon Greene’s editorial this morning? He assured me yesterday that he was going to endorse me this morning. Instead, he writes: We -- and where does he get this we stuff? -- find it odd that Leyden’s chief of detectives found Ms. Sizemore’s corpse in his car, less than twenty yards from his house. Furthermore, it is more than probable that the lieutenant was acquainted with the victim when she lived in Leyden. Later they attended college in Albany together. We hope that with such a close knowledge of the victim, he will make quick work of bringing her killer or killers to justice.’”
“Get Shard up here. Posthaste.”



CHAPTER 5 
The Kaiser Removes Shard
Thursday Morning
One look at Bluder, and Shard knew that she was in no mood for his usual blather.
“Good morning,” he said.
“The sheriff isn’t in a very good mood.”
“I’m not surprised.” 
The Kaiser was in his usual pose, sitting with his fingers crossed across his midriff.
“Sit down, son.” 
Not an auspicious start, Shard thought. “You wanted to see me, Sir?” 
“Did you understand the implications in Gordon Greene’s editorial this morning?”
“Yes, Sir. But he missed the point. Where her corpse was found doesn’t have anything to do with where she was murdered or who did it.”
“True, but he used that to introduce a more insidious indictment. He says you knew her. Did you?”
“Yes, Sir. I went to high school with her, and we were at SUNY Albany at the same time. Everyone my age in town knew her. Leyden isn’t that big, Sir.”
“I know how big Leyden is, Lieutenant. How well did you know her?”
If he knew that, I’d be in even bigger trouble, Shard thought. He filled the Kaiser in on his dates with her in a way that implied that they were inconsequential in a long line of girls he had taken out.
“And after college, did you see her again?”
“Yes, Sir. I went out with her a couple of times when she was in Leyden. In fact, I took her to your ball about three years ago. I introduced her to you, remember?” 
“That’s where I’ve heard her name,” The Kaiser said. “As I recollect, she was a very attractive girl.”
“She was.” 
“When’s the last time you saw her?”
“I don’t think I’ve seen her since, at least not until I found her in my car.”
The Kaiser focused on Lincoln’s portrait that hung across from his desk, probably waiting for the president to say something, Shard thought. It wouldn’t be the first time.
After an uncomfortable pause, the Kaiser glanced back at his lieutenant.
“Son, I have to take you off this case. You are too close to it, and the public implication that you might have had something to do with it throws a shadow over the whole department. I will announce that Johnsen will be the lead investigator and Periwinkle his assistant.”
“But, Sir….” 
“Don’t interrupt me, son. You’re the best criminal investigator in any sheriff’s department in upstate New York, perhaps in all of the state. But I have to get you away from this case. I don’t believe for a minute that you were involved, but I have to anticipate what the voters might think.”
But, Sir….”
“You are to have nothing to do with the investigation, Lieutenant. Nothing! I’m going to inform Johnsen that he can’t breathe a word to you about it. Make it easy on the kid, will you? Don’t ask him what’s going on. When he finds the killer, you’ll assume your former position. This is not a demotion, Lieutenant, I repeat, not a demotion. So, don’t get upset. I have to do it for your own good.”
“But, Sir, the fact that you’re taking me off the case is a public indication that you think I had something to do with the murder. I swear to you someone’s trying to set me up. I don’t know who or why, but I’ll find out. I promise.”
“You will find out, Lieutenant. When Johnsen solves the case.”
Thursday Afternoon
Pleased that no one approached his table, Shard sat under his moose and nursed a Utica Club. He’d never been taken off a case, never been remotely suspected of being involved in one. He had been involved with Denise, but it was a youthful adventure. Why in God’s name would he want to kill her? Now the whole damned town would be trying to answer that question. This kind of thing could kill a career or at least cast a pall over it even after he’d been cleared of the crime. He headed back to his office in a decidedly foul mood.
Shard knew something was up when he saw that neither Periwinkle nor Johnsen occupied his chair. Shard flipped his Rolodex to C and took out a Camel. If he’d ever needed one, he needed it now.
“You’ve been to see the Kaiser,” he said to his New York State Police certificate of merit that hung across from his desk.
“Yes, Sir,” they said in unison.
“I’m sorry it’s come to this,” Periwinkle said. “It was not our idea, Boss.”
“I know. I talked to the Kaiser this morning. You do what you have to do, but I don’t mind admitting to you, I hate the idea. It’s humiliating, a blot on my career, and questions my morals and principles.”
“We know, Boss,” Johnsen said.
“I’m thinking of resigning.” Shard’s announcement surprised him as much as it did Johnsen and Periwinkle. His initial reaction was that the idea had merit -- lots of it.
“You can’t do that, Boss. We need you, the department needs you, and besides, it’d be stupid,” Periwinkle said. “This isn’t about you. It’s about the corpse’s proximity to you, the Kaiser’s reelection, the editor’s idiotic editorial this morning, and the public’s mood. If it weren’t an election year, Boss, the Kaiser wouldn’t have done this.”
“I’m going to look bad no matter what. This is your first murder case as lead investigator, Johnsen, and I want you to show your stuff. I hope it may be the first of many for you. I’ll leave you guys alone; I promised the Kaiser I would, but, it’s going to be hard, and I don’t like it already.”
“We’ll do you proud, Boss,” Periwinkle said, fighting back tears.  
Johnsen noticed, and resorted to his sagas to divert her attention.
“You know that I’ve been reading Snorre Sturlason’s, Heimskringla, a great book, and last night I read a chapter that has some bearing on our case. It’s “The History of Hacon the Jarl” who controlled Trondheim for several years and collected scot there.”
 “Collected snot?” Periwinkle asked. “Why?”
“Scot, not snot, my little flower. Scot was tribute from the inhabitants.”
“Oh.”
“Anyway, Hacon inherited the region after his father, Jarl Sigurd, was killed in battle. Three years later, Hacon avenged his father’s death by slaughtering his enemies in another battle. The two sides later reconciled after some neutral friends mediated their dispute. But the point is, Hacon got his revenge before he agreed to live in peace.”
“I don’t see how this has anything to do with Denise’s death and the lieutenant’s troubles,” Periwinkle said. 
“Wait a minute, I’m not finished. That winter, or some winter soon after, Hacon traveled to the uplands to attend a feast. While there he slept with a woman whom Snorre said was of low birth. Hacon impregnated her, and after her son was born, she came to the Jarl to tell him he was the boy’s father. Hacon arranged for a rich, powerful, and wise friend, whose name I’ve forgotten, to raise the boy. The child, Eric, grew into a good-looking strong and athletic youth. But for some reason, Hacon didn’t like the kid, maybe because he was a potential threat. Who knows? Now, that’s the story.”
Periwinkle and Shard gave each other confused looks.
“What the hell are you talking about, Norseman?” Shard asked.
“You guys never understand classical literature. It’s the combination of the two that makes me think of Denise and the Boss. We have a dead woman involved in our present case, and a power struggle among the sheriff, his election opponent, and the lieutenant. See?”
“No see,” Shard said. “Maybe I’m just dense.”
“Count me in too,” said Periwinkle. “And besides, Hacon killed men and we have a dead woman. That makes a big difference I think.”
“The saga suggests all kinds of possibilities,” Johnsen said. “We have a dead woman, involved in an affair with someone, some guy perhaps more powerful than she was. Maybe he killed her because she wouldn’t have his child, or maybe she did have his child and he didn’t want it, or maybe she wouldn’t sleep with him. Regardless, it was a crime of passion. We don’t know what Hacon did or did not do to Eric, but I’ll bet he didn’t give the kid free reign, and may have had him killed. We know that Hacon smoldered for three long years before he exacted revenge for his father’s death. What if his father had been killed because he slept with some woman from another region, a woman who counted politically? What if we turned that around, and Hacon really avenged his mother, not his father, who was killed because his mother had slept with someone else?”
“My God, Johnsen, how do you come up with all this?” Shard asked.
“It’s easy, I read the histories of my people. They knew stuff.”
“Okay, simplify this for us dunces,” Shard said.
“Our killing could be a revenge murder because Denise slept with the wrong man. You said yourself, Boss, that she suffered from naked ambition. Right? Well, it’s possible someone she threatened professionally killed her. Or someone whose family she threatened to break up killed her. Or someone, to whom she was an embarrassment, did her in. Hacon would have killed for any of those reasons. Why wouldn’t someone in the twenty-first century? Mankind hasn’t changed much in twelve hundred years.”
“Any of your suppositions are possible,” Periwinkle said, “but I don’t see where Hacon comes in.”
“It’s simple, he’s a moral character who plays by the rules but can be brutal. Maybe we have the same thing here -- a perfectly normal man. I’m assuming the murderer was man, but he doesn’t have to be. When his family or position – that’s why he’s due scot Periwinkle – is threatened, he kills to save face and family. When we’ve found a man like that, we’ve solved our case.”
“That man’s been dead for twelve hundred years. You said so yourself.”
“Ah yes, his mortal self is long dead, but he killed for the passions and ideals that are still very much alive. That’s why we have jobs, little flower. That’s how we make our scot. We levy tribute on Mohawk County’s citizens to protect their lives and property. That’s exactly what Hacon did in Trondheim. See?”
“Sorta.” 
Shard sat quietly in his chair. Only his eyes hinted at inner turmoil.
“Well, whatever,” he finally said. “It’s your case now, and I wish you and Jarl Hacon well. I’ll stick to DUIs, petty theft, littering, purse snatching, and domestic assaults. Maybe I’ll even enjoy catching up on the paperwork piled up on my desk. I won’t ask you how you’re coming.”
Periwinkle and Johnsen thought he sounded wistful.
“I think I’ll start on all that after I visit next door,” Shard said.
Thursday Evening
Shard walked into the thick snowfall. All the sane people in town, he said to himself, are snuggled down in front of their fires with their lovers and a couple fingers of single malt.
He crossed the street, scooped the snow away from the base of Zwitters’ streetlight and took out a Camel. He considered going to the post office to talk to Luke and Dizzy, but decided he wasn’t in the mood. He leaned against the lamppost and listened to the silence. The snow curtain soaked up all the harsh sounds and normally he reveled in the quiet that made him feel that he was the only man on earth. This evening, though, angry noises roiled from within. He was hurt and lonely. Being a cop, a pretty good one too, he judged, was how he defined himself. For the first time in his career, his colleagues, the people who mattered most to him, had challenged that self-definition. It wasn’t Periwinkle and Johnsen’s faults, he reminded himself, and not really even the Kaiser’s. It was whoever was out to get him. He had made Shard question himself and forced him out from under his psychological security blanket.
“I should quit,” he said aloud into the snow. “Maybe I should. But I bet Hacon wouldn’t – he’d just kill whoever threatened him.  Which is what I’m in the mood to do, if I can find the guy.”
He field stripped his cigarette and walked into Schuylers, which was almost as quiet as the streets.
“I’ll have four fingers of Highland Park, O’Reilly. Three ice cubes.”
“Bit heavy for you, isn’t it Lieutenant? I know the sheriff took you off the murder case, but why drown your sorrows? I’ll make you a deal, two fingers, one cube, and your usual.”
“How’d you hear about that so quickly?”
“News travels fast. And before you ask, I’ve taken the bar tender’s oath; I never reveal my sources.”
“Okay, I’ll halve the difference with you, three fingers and two cubes, please.” 
Shard had just settled into his chair when Witry emerged from the men’s room and made a beeline for him.
“Jesus Christ, this is all I need tonight,” Shard said under his breath.
“Well, if it isn’t my favorite gum shoe,” Witry said. “And now I’ve heard that my tax money is going to pay you to do nothing except sit here under the moose drinking like a rummy. I told you this case would blow up in your face. For my usual modest fee, I’ll explain to you how you should proceed, legally that is.”
“Witry, I don’t need this tonight. And I don’t need your advice, even if it were free. I don’t have any legal problems.” 
“Oh, but you will. I guarantee it, Lieutenant. This murder is too close to you, and you already have a public relations problem. Half the town believes you killed the girl. You used to date her, probably slept with her. She is, or was, a beauty. There must have been something between you two.”
Shard resisted the impulse to take a cue from long-dead Jarl Hacon and deck the lawyer. God, it would feel good, he thought.
Instead, he said, “leave me alone. If I need a lawyer, I’ll hire a real one.”
Witry let out a low snarl and walked off. Shard’s mind drifted back to Johnsen’s recitation of the Heimskringla. One of the things that the Norseman had failed to mention, he thought, was that Hacon, for whatever his other faults, was always his own man. He killed his father’s murderers and dealt his son off to a friend. Not exactly laudable attributes, he decided, but reasonable attempts given the culture to solve his own problems.
“That’s what I need to do,” Shard said softly to the moose’s black under lip. “I can’t leave this to the Norseman and Periwinkle. I have to find out who’s doing the job on me. And by God, he’s not going to get away with it.
He thought about it through two more drinks and Mrs. O.’s dinner, which he couldn’t have recalled ten minutes later if his life depended upon it. 
Friday Morning
Shard walked into headquarters and shook the snow off his coat. 
“Do you think it’ll ever stop out there?” Neil asked.
“How would you know it’s snowing, Neil? You haven’t been away from that desk since July.”
“The sheriff’s been good to me, Lieutenant. I need the overtime.”
“I know. Are Johnsen and Periwinkle in?”
“They came in early this morning, Lieutenant. They’re the lead investigators now on that girl’s murder, you know.”
“I do Neil, and I wish them well.”
They were not in his office when Shard arrived. He removed the roll of tape from its dispenser and shook out a Camel. He put his feet on his desk, stared across the room at his meritorious commendation, closed his eyes, and laughed. He had just thought of the bumper stickers that asked, “What Would Jesus Do?” He wanted one on his Morgan that said, ‘What Would Jarl Hacon Do?’ “He’d probably kill all the drivers with Jesus stickers,” Shard said to his commendation.
He called the Kaiser, and Bluder answered, as expected.
“Hello beautiful,” he said, with a false bluster. “Could you check to see how many vacation days I’ve accrued? I’ve been here four years without a day off. Maybe I need a few days in sunny Florida, or maybe at the Vegas crap tables.”
“Sixty days?” He questioned. “My God, how do you figure that? Oh yeah, I forgot, sick days, personal leave days, and all that stuff. Okay, this is my slow season. Not as many DUIs in this weather, and I can’t find litter in the snow either, so I’m going to take next week off. Okay? Tell the sheriff, will you? Thanks.”
Shard didn’t bother to hang up. He dialed again.
“Copper? Guess who?”
“I knew you’d call today,” said Sergeant Peter Cooper at the Albany State Police Barracks.
“What do you mean, you knew it? Have you grown a sixth sense?”
“Not quite. Your sergeant, the girl, warned me this morning that you’d be in touch.”
“Periwinkle? How’d she know that?”
“Seems you’re under suspicion for murder and on administrative leave. Nice idea to take vacation in the middle of the winter.”
“As usual, you’re full of crap, Copper. Somebody has it in for me and set me up by dumping a corpse of a girl I once dated in my carriage house. I’ve been taken off the case, but not placed on leave.”
“She told me all that,” Copper said. “To ease your mind I’ll swear to you that I didn’t do it. Not that I wouldn’t want to, but it’s too damned snowy to drag a body way the hell out there. If I really had it in for you, I’d call your boss and rat you out.”
“Thanks, Copper. Yeah, I’m off the case, but I can’t let this dipshit do a job on me. I’ve been thinking….”
“That’s dangerous, partner. You’re not used to it.” 
“Shut up and listen. I’ve reviewed my recent cases, and I can find only three people who would be happy to see me disappear. A local lawyer who a few months ago I discovered was in a land scam is one. But then I saved his life, so even though he’s not the least bit appreciative, I don’t think he’d try to harm me. Besides, he’s wimpy scum.”
“Leyden’s full of sweet folks, isn’t it? I always thought Mohawk County was overrun with docile cows and bountiful milk maids,” Cooper said.
“The second folks are a local mistress who knocked off her lover, and a couple of New York City thugs who blackmailed her to help their client take over the local paper mill. But the woman’s under indictment for murder, and the two thugs are in jail awaiting trial. I seriously doubt if any of them are in a position to commit murder and frame me.” 
“You’ve been busy, my friend. I’ll bet you’re ecstatic you escaped the boring state police. You finally have the exciting life you’ve always sought. I envy you.”
“Yeah, right. I think my best suspects are your Italian friends, the guys who own the Little Italy and the illegal car wash. You remember that I told them I knew they had killed the lawyer and warned them that I would watch them closely. And you followed up with a similar threat. I’m sure they don’t like the idea of closer police scrutiny, and I wounded their pride. We made them look weak, and weak mobsters die.”
“For sake of an argument, if these guys did kill the woman and dumped her in your back yard, how are you going to prove it? And what can you do about it? They’re not in your jurisdiction.”
“Why do you think I’m calling you, Copper? They’re hunkered down squarely in the middle of your bailiwick. You want them as much as I do. So, lets do what we did so well a few years back, team up to bring them down. We’re good together, my friend.” 
“You gotta be out of your mind. According to your girl Lavender, you’re off the case and, in case you’ve forgotten, you don’t work here any more. My captain would kill me. No, he’d put me on permanent leave without benefit of salary. Do you know what my dear Faith would do to me? She’d knock me off and stuff my pitiful corpse in your garage.”
“Formal teaming up is not what I had in mind,” Shard said. “I thought maybe we could get together for a little social evening and nose around those birds.”
“Just what I want to do, Tom. Share a few beers with the mob and maybe insult a hit man or two.”
“Nothing like that, Copper. I thought maybe you and Faith would like to go out to dinner with me. On me, of course.”
“You’re offering to pay? As I remember, you never paid for coffee or donuts in the office. Always were in the john when the tab came.”
“I’ve reformed now that I’m making the big bucks, and I have a yen for Italian. Why don’t you make a reservation in my name at Little Italy for three, tomorrow night. I want them to know I’m coming. Maybe Alphie will crawl out from his den to talk to us.”
“Are you out of your mind? He’ll come out with Tiny, that tub of lard enforcer of his. Tiny’s so stupid he’d kill his mother or a table full of cops if Alphie told him to.”
“So we’re on then? Say eight o’clock?” Shard said.
Friday Morning
 “I wish we were sitting in the lieutenant’s office right now,” Johnsen said. “I’m not used to being responsible for keeping you busy and figuring this out.”
“You’re only boss, Norseman, because you have more seniority than I do. Remember that,” Periwinkle said.
“I prefer to believe it’s because of my deep knowledge of relevant history and understanding of people’s inner passions and hopes.” 
“I’m not even going there, Boss. But I do feel an obligation to find Denise’s killer for Shard’s sake.”
“So do I. I don’t want his job.”
“Okay, we ought to follow the same procedures we always have. Meet and talk over the evidence we have, then you pull it together, and figure it out.” 
“So, what do you have that’s new?” Johnsen asked.
“I talked to Luke yesterday and didn’t get much more out of him except that he thinks there was only one person in the purple car, and it was a man. Told me he knows the difference between a man and a woman.”
“I wish the hell I did,” Johnsen said. “Then maybe I wouldn’t be middle aged and single.”
“Is that an allusion to my age and marital status as well? At least you’ve been married. You must know something about women. I don’t understand anything about men,” Periwinkle said.
“Luke knows, though.”
“He isn’t married either,” she said.
“Okay, one man in the purple car. He must have had Denise’s body in the trunk. He wouldn’t have had it sitting next to him all the way from Rochester.”
“You’re assuming he killed her in Rochester. Do we have any evidence of that?” asked Periwinkle.
“No.”
“Well, I’ll give you some. While you were rooting around in headquarters’ bowels, I was doing some productive work. I called motels at the Rochester airport and discovered that she and Winter stayed in the Ramada Inn, room 237.” 
“Is the room number relevant?” 
“Not if you’re a Viking. They didn’t have numbers. Anyway, they checked in as Mr. and Mrs. Sizemore and stayed two nights, Friday and Saturday. I wonder why they used her name and not his?”
Johnsen pushed his chair back and put his size fifteens on his desk that faced hers.
“If I had to guess, little flower, I’d say she paid for the room. She put it in her name because she used her credit card.”
“Winter didn’t have a credit card? I don’t believe that; everyone has one. Do women pay for the room if they’re shacking up? I think the guy should pay. Of course I have no experience with such things,” Periwinkle said.
Johnsen recrossed his ankles.
“Let me work backwards from that,” he said. “I don’t know anything about shacking up either. I assume I’d pay, but if the woman had tons of money, I’d be happy to be a kept man.”
Periwinkle arched her eyebrows as if to say, “Really?”
“I have another possible explanation,” Johnsen said. “Winter may not have a credit card, at least not one in that name. What if Winter isn’t his name? You can’t find any evidence that he exists. I’m not saying that it’s an assumed name, but it’s a possibility, you know.”
“Very good, Norseman. Almost Shard-like.”
Johnsen flashed her a happy smile. “Thanks”
“Let me continue, will you?” Periwinkle asked. “I talked with the motel desk clerk who was on duty when they left Sunday morning. Note the day. The clerk said only Mr. Sizemore appeared to check out. That could mean he had already killed and stuffed her in the trunk. The clerk remembered the purple car because it drove through the portico when it left. He didn’t notice how many people were in it, only that it was certainly purple.”
“Did he give you a description of Mr. Sizemore?”
“Yeah, but it’s terribly generic. Not tall, not short, a little pudgy, pretty well dressed. He did recall he had brownish or maybe darkish hair, but maybe not overmuch. I wonder if Sizemore had a facial tattoo whether the clerk would have noticed it. The guy seemed disconnected from the world around him, as if he were on drugs or something. So, all I really learned was that Sizemore was middle aged.”
“Maybe the clerk has fallen in love, and he’s discombobulated.” 
Periwinkle gave him a sharp look. “Be serious.”
“Okay. I don’t have as much to show for my efforts,” Johnsen said. “I spent half the evening down cellar typing, ‘the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog’ on those ancient typewriters. Half had ribbons so faint I could read only the indentations. A couple wouldn’t work at all. I don’t believe we’ll find that the boss typed that note on any of them. I’ve never seen him type, have you?”
“He says he can, but I’ve never seen him. Have you finished with them?”
“Yes, and when I have time, I’ll check them against the love note. Before I do that though, I’ve been thinking about the murder scene. Winter, or whatever his name is, got lucky. He drives into Shard’s neighborhood, maybe up his driveway, and hauls Denise’s body into the garage. Dead people are heavy, so he drags her through the snow. I doubt he parked on the street behind and carried her through yards or around the block. That would look a little strange. But we know nobody saw anyone with a body because deputies checked with all Shard’s neighbors. We know it snowed heavily from Sunday until the boss discovered her on Tuesday, so the snow likely covered Winter’s tracks, and maybe the sound of his car. But this raises other questions. Say he dumps the body, drives around the block, and ditches the purple car. Where did he go from there? Did he have another car somewhere? Did he have an accomplice? That doesn’t seem very likely though, does it?”
“No, it doesn’t,” Periwinkle said. “But you’re on the right track, Norseman. If he were alone, where could he have walked and disappeared? We have only one car rental place. I’ll give Ambrose a ring, but I don’t hold much hope for that.”
“Or,” Johnsen said, “he holed up in a motel or the hotel for a day and called someone to come to get him.”
“That’s a possibility, except what would he tell his friend? ‘I just killed my lover and have to get out of town? Bring me some clean clothes because mine are all bloody?’” Periwinkle asked.
Johnsen put his feet down, pulled his chair up to the desk, and buried his face in his huge hands.
“Of course not. He could tell him his car broke down or something. Call the motels and Schuylers to see if Winter checked in on Saturday night or Sunday. A clerk may have noticed someone who had no car. That would be suspicious, wouldn’t it? Or maybe he arrived covered with snow, a pretty good indication he had walked a long way. In the meantime I’ll check the typewriter sentences against Shard’s note and do something about tracing the notepaper. Do you know anything about tracing paper?”
“You gotta be kidding,” Periwinkle said. “But I can call the guys down in the state police lab in Syracuse to see what they know. Doesn’t Shard have a buddy down there who he trades scotch for forensic help? I can’t remember his name though.”
“Nor can I,” Johnsen said. “I wonder what the boss is doing now?”
“I’ll tell you what he’s not doing. He’s not driving to Albany.”
Friday Noon, Albany
 “We’re in deep shit, Tony. That Goddamned hick deputy and his state police buddy made reservations for tonight.”
“Nah, we ain’t in nothing, Alphie. He don’t know shit. He just wants a good dinner.”
“Bullshit. Drive all the way here for dinner? Utica is full of Italian joints. Something’s gone wrong Tony. I can’t pay all the cops off, and I don’t think this asshole would take a little under the table. He’s out to get us.”
“Maybe you ought to call your Uncle Joe. See if he knows something.”
“I bet he don’t know nothing. How could he? And he’d get madder than hell at me for coming up with this horseshit idea. I don’t want him mad at me Tony. He’s got influence, you know?”
“Yeah, Alphie, we might need some. Maybe we get him to whack this damned cop. Worth ten big ones, don’t you think?”
“Jesus, Tony, fucking with cops that way is bad news, as if we ain’t got enough already. I just want the bastard off my ass.”
“You gonna talk to him tonight, Alphie?”
“Why else is he coming here with his backup? I ain’t gonna tell him nothing, and I’ll keep Tiny in the cellar. He’s so stupid he’d tell the cop about the dead broad in bed who wasn’t there.”
“Huh?”
“Forget it. I’ll play it smart. If there’s trouble, I got the boys in the backroom. But I don’t wanna use them if I don’t got to.”
“Good luck, Alphie.”
Friday Noon, Utica
 “This is the worst damned tunnel sandwich I’ve ever eaten,” the man said to the diner seated next to him. “If it weren’t snowing so hard, I’d go down the street where the cook knows tunnel sandwiches.”
The stranger nodded his assent and continued chewing.
The hell with you, he thought, as his mind wandered back to Denise’s obituary. God, she was beautiful, he said to himself. I swear to God I’ll never cheat on my old lady again, even though she’s no Goddamned good in bed. What the hell did I ever see in her? The cops are all over this, but at least I think I’m safe. Nobody knows I was planking her, unless she blabbed, and I bet she didn’t. I’ve got to be nicer to the old lady and get my life in order. This is making me nervous.
Friday Noon, Utica
 “I sure as hell wish the Observer-Dispatch published a picture of the murdered woman so I’d know for sure who it is,” Stan said softly to his office walls. “I wonder if she lied to me about everything? Her name for starters, and she told me she was a nurse, not a pharmacist. I suppose they’re pretty much the same, but I sure wish I knew. I didn’t hit her hard enough to kill her, just bounced her around a bit. She deserved it. I can’t call to see if she’s alive, her husband might answer the phone. Of course the stupid broad hasn’t called me either. Christ, what a mess. I still can’t come up with an alibi for the weekend that’ll hold water. If the cops come to my door, I’m cooked. I need another drink.”
Friday Afternoon
“If I never see another typewriter, I’ll be happy. I thought they were extinct, anyway,” Johnsen said to Periwinkle as she walked into their office.
“You’ve compared the typefaces?” 
“Not a single one matched, not even close. Every typewriter that still worked had crooked lines, broken letters, and stuck keys. How’d they ever fill out reports?”
“Probably, better than we do now, Norseman. How far behind are we? Just look at that stack in your IN box. It’s almost as high as mine.”
“Yeah, Bluder reminded me of that. Shard always said she was a bear for keeping up with the department’s paperwork. I don’t know how she put up with him. He never gets his done, and I’ll bet he’s doing even less of it right now.”
“At least we’ve ruled out that the lieutenant typed a love note on any typewriter in this building. Of course, he could have used one at home.”
“I still don’t believe he wrote the thing. It’s not quite him,” Johnsen said.
“I hope you’re right. By the way I held up the original copy to the light, and it had a watermark: Gilbert, Superior, 20% Cotton. I Googled it, and learned that it’s good paper, kinda pricey. It’s also sold nationwide, which means there’s not a chance in hell that we can trace that sheet. I’m not surprised, to tell you the truth.”
“Okay, another dead end. We’re in the part of the investigation that’s full of dead ends. It’s about now that the lieutenant would lean back, take a mental trip into his own world, start babbling, and come out of his trance with an idea or connection.”
“Yeah, sometimes that was scary. He kept his eyes open but they weren’t focused on anything,” Periwinkle said.
“I’d try the same thing, but if I leaned back in my chair, I’d be asleep in ten seconds.”
“That’s because you don’t get any sleep. You chase every skirt in town until the bars close.”
“You know that isn’t true. I reformed after that hairdresser, Candyce, stuck her boobs in my ears. That changed my life.”
“I’ll bet,” Periwinkle said. “While you had your whatever stuck between typewriter keys, I called Ambrose’s car rentals. He didn’t rent a car for either Syracuse or Utica from Saturday through Tuesday. He hates to do one-ways because he has to retrieve them. His is a small independent outfit. Nobody came to his lot in a purple car. He said he would have remembered that.”
“Luke did, so I’m not surprised,” Johnsen said.
“But I do have an interesting lead for us,” Periwinkle said.
“I’m all ears.”
Periwinkle suppressed a grin at the implied reference, even though she thought it clever.
“I discovered that Tim Winter rented a room Sunday night at the Overlook Motel. He had no reservation. The clerk, Josie, said that’s not unusual on a Sunday night. She also remembered that his hat and shoulders were covered with snow. She didn’t think anything of it at the time because it was snowing so hard. But when I mentioned it, she said that he looked like he’d walked farther than from her parking lot. Her closest parking space is probably forty or fifty feet from the front door. It does sound suspicious.”
“I suppose, but Winter could have taken a few minutes to get his stuff out of the trunk if he had the car. A body in there might have made that more difficult. In that time he might have gotten covered,” Johnsen said.
“It’s possible,” she said. “Now, the good parts. He paid cash for the room, $64.00 and odd change.”
“Whoa, I like that,” Johnsen said. ”Maybe I was right, Winter is an alias, and he doesn’t have a credit card in that name. Good one, little flower.”
“Ah, but it gets better. He stayed in room 112, and left the following morning. Josie’s description of him was pretty much the same as the Ramada guy’s, in other words, pretty nondescript. She thought he was about five feet nine inches tall and kinda paunchy. He kept his hat on, so she couldn’t see his hair.”
“That really helps,” Johnsen said.
“Not much, but my ten fingers did.”
Johnsen gave her a fishy look. “Your what?”
“Guess what’s in every motel room?” she asked.
“A Gideon Bible. Ever talked to anybody who said he spent a pleasant evening in his room reading the Gideon?”
“No, but then nobody ever told me he spent a pleasant evening reading Heimskringla either. Before you recite another Hacon story, I’ll tell you that you missed the obvious – a telephone. Remember, we said he’d have to call someone?”
“Yup.”
“Well, the phone company has excellent records of phone calls, and I availed myself of them.”
“A nice way of putting it,” he said.
“They were very nice about it. Our Mr. Winter placed only one call, at 7.40 Monday morning, to a number at Hoffmann-La Roche’s headquarters. I couldn’t get any farther, so I don’t know to whom he talked.”
“Interesting. Maybe he was calling to say he wouldn’t be in to work. Or for someone to come to pick him up? What time did he check out of the Overlook?” 
“Close to noon. That might have left enough time for someone to get up here for him. But, if so, the driver didn’t call Winter’s room to tell him he was here. Maybe they set up a time,” Periwinkle said.
“Is it possible that Winter works for the drug lords?” Johnsen asked.
“Way ahead of you, Norseman. I slipped into Hoffmann-La Roche’s human resources files and checked on their employees in New England and the Middle Atlantic states. I’ll bet you can guess that Winter doesn’t work for them.”
“That’s not surprising,” he said, “especially if it isn’t his real name. Odds are our killer’s name is on that list though. As Shard would say, all we have to do is find that name.”
“For your information, Boss,” she said sarcastically, “there are over eleven hundred names on those lists, and close to half are in New York. It would be a daunting task to run every one of them down. I suppose we could try, but it would take months, and then we’d probably find that we missed him. I’ll wager a buck he doesn’t have any priors or the company wouldn’t pay him to winter in Vegas, no pun intended. The company probably also gave him a nice gambling ante out of its Valium profits.”
“Wouldn’t it be ironic if he was high on the stuff when he killed Denise?” asked Periwinkle.
Friday Evening, Utica
He parked in the garage, and removed his boots and shoes before he entered his house.
“I’m home,” he yelled, as he walked into the den.
“’Bout time,” his wife answered. 
He turned around to see her seated on the black leather couch clutching a drink. She looked like hell, no makeup, hair uncombed, and dressed in her ratty pink bathrobe and house slippers.
“What’s the matter, Honey? Are you sick?” 
“Damned right. I’m sick of you, you lying, cheating bastard.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” he asked, as he poured himself a couple of shots of rye.
“Well, for one thing, I discovered that I’m married to two men, you and somebody named Tim Winter. That came as shocking news to me, as you might guess. Apparently I’m a bigamist.”
“You’re drunk and not making any sense Honey. Maybe you ought to rest before dinner to pull yourself together.”
“Don’t patronize me, you bastard! Not only are you cheating on me again, but you’re so dumb you bring the evidence home. Did you want me to find it?” 
“I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. Who’s Tim Winter? Are you sleeping with him?”
She was so numbed by the liquor that she didn’t even flinch at his accusation.
“I emptied the wastebaskets this morning into a plastic garbage bag. I dropped it in the kitchen, and it split open. Stuff spewed all over the floor. And what do I find? Motel receipts made out to Tim Winter. I checked the dates against our calendar, and guess what? They correspond to when you were on business trips. Yeah, right! I can guess what business you had on those trips, Mr. Winter. Embarrassed to use your real name? What’s the matter, that drug pusher you’re banging wouldn’t want to be associated with the real you? Well, neither do I, you bastard.”
She finished her drink in a large gulp, staggered over to the bar, and poured a glass of straight vodka.
“You gotta lay off that stuff, Honey. It makes you paranoid.” 
“It doesn’t make me paranoid, these do,” she said, and held up a fistful of receipts. “These do. Motels, drinks, dinners, movies, and God knows what else. I didn’t find one for condoms though. Didn’t you use them? Didn’t care if you brought home some sexual disease as a present for the little wife? You bastard. But I can’t figure out why you asked for receipts when you paid cash for everything. Didn’t have a credit card with your new name on it? Planned to scam Hoffman-La Roche to pay for your crummy, sordid little affair? Do you write me off on the company’s expense account too? I’m just another corporate lay to you?”
“You’re overwrought, Honey. I can easily explain them. It’s simple; they aren’t mine. They’re Tim Winter’s. Tim works for Merck, and he and I are pals. We meet at drug conventions, and trade information that I otherwise might never get. He’s a big help. Sometimes I pick up his tabs and pay them out of our house account. Then I hide them under other stuff in my expense account. Works like a charm. Helps my career, Hoffman, and him. Been doing it for a couple of years. That’s all there is to it, a little corporate spying. Tim, by the way, is male.”
“You expect me to believe that crap? You must be dumber than I think. Your Mr. Winter is a female slut. A friend of mine who saw you with her a couple of times told me she works for Eckerds and was on her way up in the company. Made me wonder why she’d hang around with a loser like you. Do you want me to be more specific, you bastard? Her name is Denise. Now for the scary part. If you read the newspaper, or anything else for that matter, you would have seen that someone named Denise, who just happened to have worked for Eckerds, was discovered murdered this week up in the boondocks in some cop’s garage. You know what my first thought was? You killed her!”
He felt the bile rise in his throat, and his jaw involuntarily sagged. He wasn’t quick enough to disguise his reaction. His jaw just hung there.
“I hit the bull’s-eye, didn’t I? You murdered her last weekend when you were in Vegas living the high life with the whore. What’s the matter; did she threaten to leave you? To call me? What?”
“You are drunk,” he said. “I was in Vegas, with Tim, the male Tim. I didn’t kill anyone. I don’t kill people. You’re nuts. I’m going upstairs to change.”
“Go ahead, you bastard. And while you’re up there pack and get the hell out of my house. It’s one thing to live with a cheating bastard like you, and quite another to live with a murderer. I have a good mind to call the cops.”
He froze. How the hell did it come to this, he thought. The cops won’t buy this story.
“Well, asshole, don’t stand there like a deer in headlights. Say something. I’m right, aren’t I? You’re screwed, you bastard.”
“Go ahead and call the cops,” he shouted. “Look like the drunken bitch you are. Do you know how seriously they’ll take you? About as seriously as I do. I have nothing to hide. Go ahead, dial 911. While you do, I’ll change my clothes.”

CHAPTER 6 
Who is Tim Winter
Friday Night, Albany
Shard pulled up in front of Little Italy in his unmarked Crown Vic. He felt a little guilty driving it since he was off the case, but this was definitely not Morgan weather. It was snowing as heavily in Albany as it was back home. The parking valet, who had on so many layers of clothes he looked like the Michelin Man, handed Shard a ticket. As he slid into the driver’s seat, he exclaimed, “Jesus Christ, you have a shotgun in here.”
“Yeah,” Shard said, “I keep my cigarettes in it. Don’t touch it.”
The maitre d’ told him that Cooper and Faith hadn’t arrived. Shard took a flattened Camel out of his wallet and stepped outside under the portico. He could hear the snow hitting the canvas awning above him. It’s a beautiful night, he thought, as he watched the snow drop through the haloes that circled the streetlights. “It’s as if all God’s saints have come down to walk the earth again while it’s silent and pure,” he said, as Copper and Faith pulled up.
“You know,” Shard said, after they sat down at their table, “if this place wasn’t so red, it wouldn’t look like a bordello.”
“All Italian restaurants are red. Don’t ask me why. It’s like all Chinese restaurants have fish tanks,” Copper said. “What do all Irish restaurants have?”
Shard thought for a moment. “Enough booze to float Sardinia away from Italy.”
They had to admit the food was excellent, service first class, music quiet enough so they could catch up on gossip, and tables far enough apart so they weren’t overheard. Shard brought them up to date on the case and voiced his suspicions about their host, Alphonse Spinello.
“But, you haven’t a shred of evidence,” Copper said. “What do you expect him to do, walk up to our table and apologize for dumping a body in your garage?”
 “I just want to take his measure and put him on notice that I’m watching him,” Shard said. “I also plan to intimate that he’s a murder suspect.”
“At least Faith and I get a free dinner out it,” Copper said. “But I doubt little else.”
“I’m enjoying the evening,” Faith said. “Cop doesn’t take me out very often. I think we’ve been married too long.”
“Not true, my dear. It’s just that your cooking is matchless. Why waste good money eating inferior food? Besides, Shard is footing the bill.”
“Have you heard from Hope lately?” Faith asked. Shard and Hope were roommates when he worked with Copper, and the four of them had run around together. Shard came home one evening to find that Hope had moved out. She left a note to tell him that she’d found another guy, a drug rep of all things. Soon after Shard moved back to his hometown to lick his wounds and work for the Kaiser.
“Not a word. I assume she’s still around here. Ruth Scarpelli sees them occasionally when they come to the Iroquois for drinks and her perfect meatballs. I guess they’re still married.”
“I’m sorry, Tom,” Faith said. “I always thought you two made a perfect couple.”
“So did I.” 
While they were finishing perusing the dessert menu, Alphonse Spinello ambled over.
“How are you fine folks this evening,” he said, with a smile that wrapped around his entire face.
“Fine, Mr. Spinello,” Shard said, with less of a smile. “Your veal tonight was outstanding.”
“Thanks,” Spinello said. “If you need anything else, just ask.”
“As a matter of fact I do need something,” Shard said, “a little information. Did you know a woman by the name of Denise Sizemore?”
Shard noticed a hint of an involuntary compression at the outer edges of Spinello’s eyes. The restaurateur’s mask of friendliness also disappeared. His eyes assumed a wary cast, an almost mean look. The Mafia’s reappeared, Shard said to himself.
“No, should I?” 
“She’s a woman who was murdered,” Shard said.
“Are you accusing me of killing a broad, oh sorry miss, a woman, who I never heard of?”
“I’m not accusing you of anything, Mr. Spinello. I just wondered if you had heard anything about her murder. You’re a man who keeps his ear to the ground.” Shard hated himself for resorting to such a grubby cliché.
“Yeah, I hear things, but I don’t know everything, and I don’t pay no attention to what happens in the sticks. I got my own problems. The snow is killing my business.”
“I didn’t mention Ms. Sizemore was killed out my way. How did you know that?” Shard asked.
“You wouldn’t ask me if she wasn’t your business. I guessed that she was offed on your turf.”
“Interesting way of putting it,” Copper said. “Maybe a little cold though.”
“Same difference. She’s dead ain’t she?”
“I did tell you that,” Shard said, “and I want to find her killer. Have you been to Rochester lately?” 
“Rochester is way the hell out in the sticks. I ain’t never been there.”
“I think that someone killed Ms. Sizemore there. Just wondered if you or maybe one of your boys had been there lately.”
“I’m getting tired of this,” Spinello said. “But to show you what a good guy I am, I’m going to have my waiter bring you a bottle of my best wine.”
“That’s nice of you, Mr. Spinello,” Faith said.
Shard watched him as he walked off.
“And you learned what?” asked Copper.
“Did you see his eyes when I mentioned Denise’s name? They twitched. He recognized her, my friend.”
“Maybe he reads the obituaries,” Faith said.
“The only obits he reads are of the people he’s offed, as he put it,” Shard said.
“Aren’t you being a little tough on him, Tom? You’ve got nothing. My 
eyes twitch sometimes when I’m tired or when Faith walks by,” Copper said.
“Maybe,” said Shard.
Shard and Faith stood outside under the portico’s awning waiting for the valet to bring their cars around. Cooper walked out and said, “you guys aren’t going to believe what I heard while I was in the john.”
“I can only imagine,” said Faith.
“Nothing like that. The heating ducts in the john must run to the next room so I could hear everything that was said in there. A bunch of guys were talking about how Spinello wanted to get some upstate cop. My ears perked up….”  
“I hope that’s all that perked up,” Faith said, with a sly smile.
“Yes, dear. Amidst all the babble I heard some guy say that he heard Spinello wanted to off the cop’s girlfriend and dump her corpse in his bed, but it went awry. At that they all laughed at how stupid Spinello’s boys are.”
“Did they mention my name?” Shard asked.
“No.”
“I bet they were talking about me, Copper. Except Denise wasn’t my girlfriend, and she didn’t end up in my bed. The rest accords with my suspicions though.”
“In round, yes, I’ll give you that. Except it doesn’t quite fit. If they offed the girl you found, they did it in Rochester. You don’t have a girlfriend in Rochester. If she had been killed in Buffalo, that would be a different story.”
“The guys agreed Spinello’s henchmen are stupid, didn’t they?” Shard asked.
“Yeah, but why would he send them to Rochester when your girl is in Buffalo? Even they could have found the right city. They can’t be that stupid.”
“But my famous gut instinct says that they were talking about how Denise wound up in my carriage house. Whoever Spinello sent got the wrong girl and couldn’t find my bed. But he came close.”
Friday Night
He washed his face slowly trying to figure out his next move. That was quick thinking about Winter on my part, he thought. I’d believe that story. Don’t know why she didn’t. I’ll get some food in her and she’ll be all right if I keep her away from the bar. Maybe I’ll put some moves on her and get her excited, and she’ll forget all about it.
“I don’t want any Goddamned dinner,” she said. “I’m drinking my dinner. I thought I told you to get out of my house! I don’t want to live with an adulterous murderer, or for that matter an adulterer. Now get the hell out of my sight!”
“You seem to forget something, Honey, we own this house. I could just as easily throw you out and probably should because you’re nothing but a common drunk. The trouble is I still think you’re the sexiest woman alive.”
“That bullshit isn’t going to get you anywhere. If I’m so damned sexy, why were you sleeping with that whore? And God knows how many others you’ve lured into your bed, and probably into mine too. I’m sick of it. We have nothing left, so get the hell out of here!”
“You’re being unreasonable,” he said, as he poured more rye. “You have no evidence whatsoever that I’ve been unfaithful. I explained that I travel with Tim who’s been big help to me.”
“And chickens have lips too. I’m not drunk enough to buy that crap. Go! Before I call the cops to throw you out on the grounds you killed your lover.”
“I’ll make a deal with you. It’s obvious that you are overwrought and drunk. I’ll take a small bag and stay in a hotel for a couple of nights, then I’ll call you. Okay?”
“You can call all you want; I won’t answer. I’m through with you, you bastard. Now, get out of my sight!”
“I ought to kill you, you bitch,” he muttered under his breath.
Friday Night
Stan was watching the Indians play the White Sox, two teams he couldn’t have cared less about. Worse, the Sox were ahead by eleven runs in the eighth inning. Even the game’s a bust, he thought, as he poured himself another drink and settled back into his tan faux leather recliner. I have about as much chance of getting out from under this mess as the Indians have of coming back. Shit!
The phone interrupted his thoughts.
“Oh my God!” he exclaimed. “I’m so happy to hear your voice. I was afraid you were…ah, under the weather.”
“Is your wife there?”
“No, she took the kids to her parents house for a few days. She’s not very happy with me right now.”
“I called to warn you that if you ever hit me again I’ll call the cops and charge you with rape, battery, intent to commit murder, and whatever else I can come up with. You got that?”
“I lost my temper. I’m sorry. I’ve never hit a woman before. I don’t know what got into me.” 
“Just remember, I’ll call the cops. I won’t put up with physical abuse from anybody. It’s bad enough that I’m sleeping with you. It shows you how desperate I’ve become.”
“What’s so bad about it, Sweetheart? You’re not desperate. We’re just damn good in bed.”
“I’m not interested in talking about the sack tonight, Stan. I just threw my husband out. I’m done with the bastard. I even threatened to call the cops on him, and I’ll call them on you too if you lay a hand on me again.”
“Have you been drinking, Sweetheart?”
“What the hell does that have to do with anything, Stan? Yeah, I’ve had a couple. I’ve earned them for being married to that asshole for four years and putting up with his philandering.”
“I agree.”
“You’re one to talk Saint Stan. You have a cute wife, two darling kids, a nice home, and a good job, and how do you spend your leisure hours? Fucking me! You’re as big a creep as he is.”
“I don’t think….”
“No, I take that back. He’s the bigger creep. He kills his whores!”
“What? What are you talking about?” 
“Wait a minute, I have to refill my drink.”
“Are you saying he kills them emotionally?”
“He sucks the lifeblood out of women. That’s why I’m telling you that if you so much as touch me in anger, I’ll sic the cops on you, got me?”
“Got you. But did he actually kill a woman?”
“Yes.”
“Was it the one the cop found in his garage?”
“That’s the one.”
“How do you know he did it? Did he tell you?”
“Don’t be stupid, Stan. He’d never do that ‘cause he’s so smug and self-assured.”
“How do you know then?” 
“Because I found all Tim Winter’s receipts.”
“Who the hell is Tim Winter, and what does he have to do with anything?”
“He’s my husband’s alter ego.”
“Oh, that explains it. Come on, sober up, and make sense, will you?”
“Screw you, you gutless wonder. You get your kicks beating women.”
“I said I’m sorry. Finish your story about this Winter guy, will you?”
“Winter is my husband’s alias when he travels. That way he can check into motels with his whore, and nobody knows his real name. I found some of his receipts when I emptied the garbage this morning. He claims Winter is a friend who works for a competitor and they exchange company information on these trips. But I don’t believe that bullshit. He uses that name with her. She knows him as Tim, not Bradley. Then he killed her.”
“But how do you know that?”
“A friend of mine saw them together twice, and she knew the woman, Denise somebody or other who worked for Eckerd drugs. She’s the woman in the obit. He was out of town that weekend, as Tim Winter. I have the receipts. He had to have been with her. Therefore, he must have killed her. Even I can figure that out.”
Stan fixed himself another drink. He glanced at the baseball game he’d muted. The Sox were up by thirteen in the ninth.
“But that’s circumstantial,” Stan said. “You can’t prove it.”
“I don’t have to. That’s what cops are for. I can call them anonymously and let them figure it out. They can subpoena him or something. Grill him in a small, grubby room. I have a good mind to do it. What do you think?” 
Stan glanced at the TV. The Sox had a man on second with two out. 
“I don’t think you should. If you’re wrong you’ll ruin his career, and he’ll spend you into bankruptcy to clear himself. Then you won’t get anything in a divorce settlement, and no alimony. You’d just be hurting yourself.”
“I’ll think about it, Stan,” she said, and hung up.
Friday Night
Stan poured another drink. The game was over, Cleveland lost by fourteen runs. 
“I could kill two birds with one stone,” he said to the post-game announcers who struggled to make intelligent comments about a game that was a total rout. 
“Maybe I ought to call the cops. If they charged him with murder, we could go back to where we were and have more fun in bed. On the other hand, if the cops discover she was involved, I wouldn’t have to listen to her crap any more. Maybe I could persuade Susan to come home. Either way I win. But do I want to rat someone out? I don’t know him, but she says he’s a real son of a bitch. I don’t have to give the cops my name. That way I stay free and clear of this crap.”
The two sports announcers were nodding good night to each other as Stan reached for the phone.
Friday Night
Johnsen looked at Periwinkle over the flickering candle in the Chianti bottle. My God, but she’s beautiful tonight, he thought. Why can’t I do like Jarl Hacon and chase her into the mountains where I could enjoy her pleasures?
“Your mind is a thousand miles away, Norseman. What are you thinking about?” she asked.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” he said.
“Try me.”
“I was thinking about Jarl Hacon and the beautiful woman who bore him a son.”
“What made you think of that? Hoping you can pick up a willing woman in some bar after we finish here?” She shot him a knowing smile.
“Just the opposite, little flower. I was thinking how attractive you are, candle spluttering between us, dinner ordered, cold drafts on the way, snow falling in lace-like patterns outside, and your hair shimmering in the glow of the low lights. What more could a man wish for?”
Periwinkle stared at him with her mouth half open as if to say something brilliant, but nothing came out.
“Thanks for the compliments, but you have to take into account Tony’s low lighting. I look lots better in dim light.” 
“Not even close, lavender. You look gorgeous under Shard’s fluorescent lights. So, there.”
“Are you making a pass at me?” 
“Nope. You asked what I was thinking. That’s what I was thinking.”
“Fair enough. Does that mean I have to reciprocate?”
“Excellent idea.” 
“Okay. Norseman, you’re a hunk. How’s that? Tall, good looking, half-bright, personable, decent dresser, and certainly very much alive, if you get my gist.”
“Half bright?” 
“I knew you’d hone in on that. Just kidding. But I’ll be brutally honest. I think your divorce damaged you. You can attract almost any woman, but you have trouble making a commitment for longer than twenty-four hours. I’m looking for a man more dependable, someone to talk with about everything, share confidences with, to care about. I’d like a man I could love and trust enough to make and raise kids. There, I’ve bared my soul.”
Johnsen shifted in his chair and avoided eye contact. “I’m not that bad, you know. I’m basically lonely, like you. I think I’m more like the man you describe than you think. And I’ll be frank; if we didn’t work together, I would make a pass at you. I’m not Hacon, although….”
Tony, the pizzeria owner, interrupted them with their beers and a phone. “Somebody named Neil for you, Sergeant.”
“Neil, how did you know I was here?” Johnsen asked.
“I know where everybody is, Sergeant. That’s my job.” 
“Okay, so why are you interrupting my serious conversation?”
“I received a call a few minutes ago from a guy who said to tell whoever was investigating the Sizemore murder that they should look for a man named Tim Winter. Got that, Sergeant? Winter. W-i-n-t-e-r.”
“I can spell Winter. What else did he say?”
“He said you could find him at the Golden Pot most nights. He hangs out there.”
“Who called?”
“He didn’t give his name.”
“Can you trace the call?”
“He didn’t stay on the phone long enough.”
“By the way, have you heard from Lieutenant Shard?” 
“Nope. But he’s not at home.”
“Thanks, Neil.”
“Did Neil tell you what I think he did? That somebody named Winter did it?”  
“Yup, he hangs out at the Golden Pot. That’s down in Utica.”
“That’s interesting,” she said. “He must really exist. That stands our assumption on its head.”
Johnsen thought a moment, “Maybe, maybe not. But we were complaining that we had no leads. Well, we do now.”
“Maybe, but it could just be some guy with a grudge against somebody. Had Neil heard from the Lieutenant?”
“No, but he knows the boss isn’t home. How does he know? Does Bluder have spies everywhere? If she does, I hope they didn’t hear our conversation a few minutes ago. But I want you to know, little violet, that I meant every word of it.”
“So did I, Norseman. And I assure you I wouldn’t have gone into the mountains with Jarl Hacon, no matter how handsome he was.”
“Good. Here’s our vegetarian pizza. Dig in. Maybe we’ll go barhopping in Utica afterwards.
Periwinkle gave him a hint of a smile.
Friday Night
Shard followed the Coopers back to their house, a low ranch snuggled in a forty year old subdivision. It was exactly as he remembered except the snow in the driveway was three feet deep, and he had trouble getting his car out of the street.
“Don’t you ever shovel your driveway?” Shard asked Copper.
“Look at the sky Tom. See that stuff dumping on us? By morning there will be three more feet of it in the driveway. This way, I leave my car near the street, and the three feet that piles up on it overnight blows into the road as I drive to work. The town plow comes by and takes care of it for me. Neat, huh?”
“Yeah, beautiful. Look Copper, I need a favor. I’m certain those bozos killed Denise to pin the blame on me. The only way I can think of to get to them is to look at Spinello’s phone records. He doesn’t do his own dirty work – we know Tiny killed that lawyer for him, but that was a screw-up. This involved an out of town hit, and I don’t think that Spinello would trust Tiny and his other goon, what’s his name?”
“Tony Krepska,” Copper said,
“Yeah, him. He’s so stupid he takes orders from Tiny. So, I think that Spinello hired the job out to someone who’s connected in Rochester. If I could prove that he called some number upstate, I’d be on the right track.”
“You trying to get me in trouble Tom?”
“No. We both win. You guys have been trying to nail Spinello for years. If I can prove he ordered Denise killed, I could take him off your hands.”
“That would be nice, I agree. But my captain is a stickler for rules. He’s not loosey-goosey like you guys up in the wilds. I don’t know if he’d allow me to get a warrant on your gut instincts and some indistinct mumblings I heard from a room next to the toilet. He likes you, I know, but this is a little far fetched.”
“Okay, Copper, I’ll tell you what. I’ll throw in a bottle of 10 year old Glengoyne if you’ll ask him.”
“Only ten years old? Come on, Tom, why such cheap stuff in exchange for jeopardizing my career? I hear they have a seventeen year old pour that I haven’t tried. Go for the seventeen, and I’ll sleep on it.” 
“Jesus, you cut a tough deal, but I don’t have a choice, do I?”
“Would you guys like a couple more beers?” Faith asked. “And you ought not to drive in this stuff tonight, Tom. You’ve had a good bit to drink. Why don’t you stay over?”
“Okay, on both counts,” said Shard.
Friday Night
 “I always eat vegetarian before I go bar-hopping,” Johnsen said as they drove down to Utica.
“Why do you have a convertible up here?” asked Periwinkle. “You can only put the top down two days a year, and I’m telling you, Norsemen, this isn’t one of them.”
“Women love it. Their beautiful hair blows in the wind, and everyone sees that they’re with a hunk and headed for a night of sweetness and kindness.” 
“Baloney.” 
“The Golden Pot attracts a clientele just short of the country club set,” Johnsen explained, as he pulled into its parking lot.
“Why’s it called the Golden Pot?” she asked. “It doesn’t look like a pot. In fact it isn’t even golden.”
“Beats me,” Johnsen said. “I’ve only been here once.”
“They could turn the lights up a little,” Periwinkle said, as the hostess guided them to a table. “If I looked so good over that checkered tablecloth earlier tonight, I must be a knock-out in here.”
“You are, small blossom.” 
“Johnsen explained to the hostess, “we’re here to meet Tim Winter. We don’t know him, but we’re supposed to talk over a business proposition with him. Do you know him?”
“I’ve never heard of him, but I’ll ask some of the staff,” she said, and walked away.
“That’s is not a good start,” Periwinkle said. “Our description of him is so general that everyone in here looks like him. Now what, smart boy?”
Their waitress, who appeared to take their drink orders, told them that none of the staff knew anyone by that name. “Sorry,” she said.
“I’ll tell you what we’ll do,” Johnsen said. “When I see a bunch of guys go into the men’s room, I’ll follow, and ask if anyone knows Winter. You do the same when you think the ladies’ room is crowded, okay?” 
“The ladies’ room is always crowded, Norseman, but I have to admit that’s a pretty good idea. That’s why you are my interim, temporary, short-term, probationary boss,” she said, with a wide grin.
“Watch the johns and let me know when it’s time for me to conduct my interviews,” Johnsen said.
“You’re going to get an unwanted reputation that won’t help you on your nightly prowls if you do that, Boss.” 
“All the women in Leyden know that can’t be true,” he said.
Periwinkle gave him her best, oh come on, look.
In the following half hour Johnsen made two trips to the men’s room to ask for Tim Winter; Periwinkle made one.
“Okay, we’ve struck out Viking. What’s your plan B?” 
“I don’t have one.” 
As they were finishing their second drinks, a man walked over and asked to join them. Periwinkle gave him the once-over and concluded that he looked almost perfectly generic. Nobody would notice him anywhere.
“My name is Paul Butler, he said. I was in a stall a few minutes ago and heard you ask about Tim Winter. I know the guy. He comes in here once in a while, but he’s not here tonight.”
“Do you know him well?” Johnsen asked.
“No, he’s something of a blowhard, and I stay away from him. I don’t even know what he does, but with all his hot air I’d guess he was a salesman.”
“Do you know where we can find him?” Johnsen asked.
“Sure, he lives a couple of blocks from here. He often walks over for a few before bedtime. He lives on Maripose Street, about half way down on the right. Good sized, 1930s looking brick Tudor with yellow shutters. Has a huge Norway spruce in the front yard.”
“Do you know his house number?” Periwinkle asked.
“No, I don’t.”
After Butler left, Johnsen asked, “do you want to walk or drive to Maripose Street?”
“Are you kidding, Norseman? Walk in this weather? And what kind of street name is Maripose anyway?”
“How would I know? For sure it’s not Scandinavian. The contractor who built the houses probably named it after his youngest daughter or his wife’s dog.”
Friday Night
Winter’s house was easier to find than Periwinkle and Johnsen feared. When Winter opened the door, Periwinkle saw that he had some definition to him. Not much, she had to admit, but at least he was middling tall with shaggy sandy hair, and bright blue eyes. 
On discovering that they were police officers, Winter seemed to lose his composure. He began to stammer and gesticulate unnaturally in a strange rotational motion. Periwinkle feared he was having a stroke. When she got closer, however, she smelled alcohol and decided he was drunk.
“Come on in,” Winter said.
“Mr. Winter,” Johnsen said, “we’re investigation the murder of….”
“Who?” Winter asked. “My name’s not Winter. It’s Stan Pressman. I don’t know anyone named Winter. What’s his first name?”
“Tim,” said Periwinkle, and noted that he seemed to be even more upset at the mention of Winter’s name. Something’s very wrong here, she thought.
“Still don’t know him. What made you think I’m Tim Winter?”
“Well, a guy at the Golden Pot said he knew you, and gave us directions to your house,” Periwinkle said.
“Who was he?” 
“Paul Butler,” Periwinkle said.
“I don’t know any Paul Butler. What’s going on here?” 
“We just want to talk to Mr. Winter about an investigation we are conducting. That’s all,” Johnsen said.
“Before we go any farther, Mr. Pressman, could we see some identification? That should settle the question,” Periwinkle said.
“I shouldn’t have to. This is harassment.”
“The identification, Sir?” Johnsen asked.
Pressman handed his driver’s license to Johnsen who examined it carefully. Pressman became even more agitated at the delay.
“What are you doing? Translating it into Spanish? It’s a simple license with my name and photograph on it.” 
“It sure looks that way, Mr. Pressman,” Johnsen said, “but I’d like to ask you a couple of questions anyway.”
“Were you home last weekend?”
“All weekend,” Pressman said.
“Can anyone vouch for that?” asked Johnsen.
“Well, no. You see my wife and I are temporarily separated, and she and the kids are staying with her mother in Syracuse until we can work out our differences. Nobody can swear I was here, except me, of course.” Pressman broke out in a short, high-pitched giggle.
“You didn’t see or talk to anyone all weekend?” asked Periwinkle.
“I don’t think so. It snowed so damned hard I stayed inside and watched TV. Drank a few beers too.” 
“You didn’t even talk to your kids?” Periwinkle asked.
“Susan, my wife, won’t let them talk to me. She thinks I’ll turn them against her. Wouldn’t mind doing it, either.”
“That doesn’t sound like the best tactic to heal whatever ails your marriage,” Johnsen said.
“I suppose not, but is it worth saving?” 
“Only you know that, Sir,” Periwinkle said.
“One last question, Sir. Did you know a woman named Denise Sizemore?” Johnsen asked.
Pressman blanched and flopped his lower arms as if he were trying to shake mosquitoes off them.
“Only what I read in the paper. Someone killed her and planted her corpse at a cop’s house. Really weird.” 
“But did you know her before you read about her death?” Periwinkle asked.
Pressman paused momentarily, “no.” 
“Okay, Mr. Pressman. That’s all we need now,” Johnsen said.
Outside, where the flakes looked like quarters flipping down to earth, Periwinkle said, “I don’t believe anything he told us, Norseman. Did you see him? He was a nervous wreck, especially after we mentioned Winter and Denise. I think he’s Winter and knows exactly what happened to Denise.”
“I agree, but how do we prove it?” Johnsen asked.
Periwinkle brushed the flakes off the arms and front of her pea coat as she slid into the car.
“We know Winter was shacked up with Denise in Rochester. Pressman says he was home alone. I can’t believe he didn’t talk to anyone all weekend. He’s hiding something. Either he was in Rochester or shacked up with someone else. I’ll set sail in the ether to see if I get lucky with a Motel 6 or something.” 
“That’s the longest of long shots, little flower,” Johnsen said.

CHAPTER 7 
Shard Disobeys the Kaiser
Saturday Morning, Albany
Shard was sound asleep on his back when Copper’s youngest child, Jason, landed squarely on his solar plexus.
“Oooomph!” Shard exhaled.
“Hello Sergeant Shard,” the tiny voice said, as he wiggled his way up to Shard’s shoulder.
“Hello, Jason. Why are you on top of me?” 
“Daddy said to wake you up. He’s already left for work. He said you can shovel the driveway before you go to see him.”
“Right, little Copper,” Shard said, as he glanced at the clock, which read 8.15. He gave Jason a big hug and rolled out of bed with him snugly nestled in his arms.
Faith handed Shard a steaming cup of black coffee, and he waded through the knee-high snow to his cruiser where he found a squashed Camel in the owner’s manual. A sudden drop in temperature during the night had reduced flakes to tiny sparkles that reminded him of diamond chips. As he watched them dart to and fro in the slight breeze, he planned his day. He omitted allocating time to shovel Copper’s driveway.
Copper’s office hadn’t changed in the four years since Shard had shared it with him. Sheaves of papers were piled everywhere, even on the floor, and heaps of everything from Coke cans to crumpled lunch bags littered the battleship gray desk.
“I see you finally caught up on your paperwork, old boy,” Shard said, as he sat down.
“You always come to work in a flannel shirt and blue jeans?” Copper asked. “Not as professional as you used to be.”
“This is our uniform in the north, Copper. Without it we look like outlanders. What have you done for me this morning?”
“I’ve put you in hock for a bottle of seventeen year old Glengoyne.”
“You have to tell me what you did to earn it first,” Shard said.
“I used my considerable powers of persuasion to get the captain to sign off on a warrant for our friend Alphie Spinello’s phone records. He would only agree to get them for the last two weeks. I told him that would be okay. The judge signed it, and I called an old friend at Ma Bell and offered her two tots of my Glengoyne if she’d expedite the numbers and fax them to me. Now, to show you how much influence I wield around here, Kathy has already sent them. They’re on top of that pile over there. No, not that one, two piles to the left, the one in front. There.”
Shard took the four single-spaced pages, and began looking for repeat calls and patterns. Ten minutes later, he asked, “got a phone book?”
Copper tossed it to him, and he began to work the numbers for people whose names he knew.
“Not surprisingly, many of his calls are to Tiny,” he said. “Probably had to call him a dozen times to get a simple point across. Also several to Tony Krepska. How the hell did a Czech get into that mob?” Shard asked.
“Maybe there’s a shortage of uneducated Italians.” 
“Now, here’s the interesting set of calls. All made the week before Denise was killed. All to the 315 area code. That’s Syracuse, Utica, and Leyden. Why would Spinello be interested in my precincts?”
“Maybe his bookie lives there,” Copper said, without looking up from behind a mound of papers.
“Hell, Spinello probably employs his own bookies. I’ll tell you what, Copper, I’ll throw in the poetic description of the Glengoyne distillery and its unique waters if you’ll give your dear buddy Kathy a ring and get her to do a reverse on this number. I need to know who this is.”
“This isn’t the sticks, you know.” He swung around to his computer, and said, “give me the number.” 
Shard repeated it twice, “just to make sure you got it,” he explained.
Copper shot Shard the digit of international disrespect.
“Have a pencil?” Copper asked. “The phone is registered to one Joseph Iorio in Utica. Office on Bleeker Street. Got that, or do you need me to repeat it?”
“No. One more thing though for which I’ll give you the original poetic description, not a copy. Any priors on this guy?”
“Several pages of them. Surprised that none stuck? Mostly for illegal betting, prostitution, labor union graft, and, oh yeah, several for assault, and one for suspicion of murder. He’s your old-line mobster. Doesn’t believe in corrupting youth. Doesn’t fool with drugs. Women and numbers are higher class and still pay well.”
“What’s Spinello’s connection to Iorio?” Shard wondered aloud.
“How would I know?” 
“I think I know how to find out,” Shard said.
“How?”
“What’s Spinello’s weakest link?”
“An off-handed guess, my scotch purveyor, is his synapses. They seem to fire erratically.”
“I know a guy close to him whose synapses don’t fire at all,” Shard said.
“You have to mean his gentle giant, Tiny.”
“Bingo my main. A short phone call to the mental midget ought to give me all I need to know.”
“You’re just going to ask him outright about his boss’s connections to the central New York mob? I’ll lay you a dime to a dollar, he won’t have a clue.”
Shard flinched at the cliché, but thought better of mentioning it.
“Aw, come on, I’m more clever than that,” he said, as he flipped through the local phone book
“Tiny Donohoo,” Shard said into the phone, “this is Mario Sardelli in Utica. Joe Iorio wants me to find out how Mr. Spinello liked the job I did for him?”
`Who?”
“Mario Sardelli, Tiny.”
“You work for Uncle Joe?”
“Yeah. He wants to know about the job we did.”
“What job?”
“The woman,” Shard said.
“Oh, the dead woman in the cop’s bed?”
“Yeah, that’s the one,” Shard said, a little confused.
“The boss liked it, Mr., I forget your name.”
“Sardelli.”
“Yeah. The boss liked that. I ain’t never figured why the cop wanted a dead woman in his bed. I wouldn’t want no dead woman in my bed. I’d want the broad alive. You know?”
“I agree with you, Tiny. I didn’t know Mr. Iorio was Mr. Spinello’s uncle.”
“He ain’t. He’s Mr. S’s wife’s father.”
“Oh yeah, he did mention that. But Mr. Spinello is happy with the dead broad?”
“Yeah, I guess. But he said you guys fucked it up. You didn’t dump her in bed. Or maybe youse did, I forget. I don’t like dead broads in bed. But the boss said that was okay because maybe the cop fucked her before. Before she was dead.”
“Interesting. Who was the cop? I forget.”
Tiny paused so long Shard was tempted to prompt him.
“I can’t remember, but he’s that bastard up in the woods who threatened the boss.”
“Oh yeah, Shard something,” Shard said.
“Yeah, that’s the guy. We got him good Mr., I forget your name again.”
“Sardelli.”
“Oh, yeah, Mr. Sponelli.”
“Close enough, Tiny. Tell Mr. Spinello I called for Uncle Joe, will you?”
“Yeah, Mr. Spifello.”
“I didn’t know God made people that stupid.,” Shard said to Copper. “I’m more sure than ever that Spinello and his boys killed Denise to pin it on me. But, some things in the story you heard at Little Italy and in what Tiny told me stink. Dead woman in a cop’s bed? Denise was in my car. And what did Tiny mean when he said Spinello thought Uncle Joe fucked it up? That he killed Denise and not Ellen? How did Uncle Joe’s goons know I knew Denise years ago? My own sergeants didn’t. There’s something awry here unless those people are more stupid than I think they are. They’re smart enough to stay out of jail though.”
“Where do you go from here? Don’t forget on your way to pick up my Glengoyne. I’m getting thirsty just thinking about it,” Copper said.
“I think I’ll go home and talk to my car,” Shard said. “Between it and Jarl Hacon, they’ll give me the answers.”
Copper stared over the clump of papers at Shard as if he’d just announced that he had taken up voodoo.
Saturday Morning, Utica
 “I’m telling you honey, I’m in deep shit,” Stan said over the phone. “The cops quizzed me for an hour. I told them I’m not Tim Winter, even showed the huge sergeant my driver’s license. That didn’t convince them. They kept questioning me. What am I going to do?”
“That’s your problem. Your pecker got you into this; use it to get out. You think with it all the time anyway,” she said.
“Oh, cut the crap. This has nothing to do with my pecker. It has everything to do with you and that worthless husband of yours. You know he’s Winter. All you gotta do to get me off the hook is tell the cops.”
“Are you crazy? Turn in my own husband? Where does that get me? He goes to jail, I lose this house, and the damned lawyers drain my bank account. That’s a great idea, Stan.”
“Okay, how about a compromise? You don’t want me to spend the rest of my life in jail, do you?”
“Well, that would solve one of my problems, Stan.”
“Okay, don’t turn him in. If you tell the cops where I was last weekend, then they will know I didn’t kill that woman. Simple?”
“No it isn’t. I don’t want to get involved, Stan.”
“I know. But if you tell them you were with me, you won’t be a suspect in the murder either.”
“That’s true. But I don’t want the whole world to know I’m an adulteress. It’s bad enough that I know it.”
“There’s no law against it, is there?” Stan asked.
“Who the hell cares about that?”
“The simplest out for you is to confirm that we were in the Utica Best Western for two days. I have receipts, and cops love written proof.”
“What makes you think so? You showed them your license and they still think you’re Winter. We believe what we want to. I want to believe that you two guys will get the hell out of my life and leave me whole again.”
“Is that a pun?” Stan asked.
“God, you have a perverted sense of humor. Did you murder that woman? I’m beginning to think you did so you could pin it on my husband with that phony Winter story. Then you’d have no competition for my body. You need a woman now that your wife has walked out on you.”
“No, I didn’t even know Denise, or don’t think that I did. You told me that she was your competition. That’s all I knew. That makes him more likely to have knocked her off.”
“No it doesn’t. But deep down I don’t think that either one of you bastards has the guts to do it, although you’re both stupid enough. Look at the messes you two have made of your lives. Your marriage is on the rocks, mine is dead, my husband’s lover is murdered, and I’m sick of both of you. Know why I drink a lot?”
“Because it makes you horny, that’s why.” 
“Fuck you,” she said.
“Proof, right?” Stan said. “Now, will you back me up if I tell the cops where I was the whole weekend? That’s all you have to do. We don’t have to tell them what we did.”
“I won’t even admit that I saw you last weekend. Screw you.”
Saturday Morning
Periwinkle came into their office laden with so much snow she looked like the abominable snowman’s trophy wife. “Is this stuff ever going to stop, Norseman? I’m getting depressed. I haven’t seen my car in a week. It’s just a mound in the driveway.”
“Do you know that it’s a statistical fact that women suffer from depression at much higher rates than men?” Johnsen asked. “That’s all that’s wrong with you. You’re female.”
“Thanks for that surprising observation,” Periwinkle said, as she shook snow all over Johnsen’s desk. “I really miss Shard. He’d never say anything like that. I ought to turn you in for sexual harassment.”
“For calling you a female? I don’t think it’ll stick, little flower.”
“Maybe.”
“You’ve had all night to ponder Pressman and Tim Winter. What do you think?” Johnsen asked.
“Depressed women don’t think well, but still I think he’s lying through his teeth. And the hell with the cliché. The boss isn’t here. His license proves nothing if he used Winter’s name to pay for his affair with Denise or any other woman. What’s your take on him?”
“We don’t have much to go on. Two generic descriptions, both of which this guy fits, as do hundreds of other guys. Why couldn’t Winter have been six feet five and weight 250 pounds? And be handsome beyond compare? Then we’d have something to go on.”
“That wouldn’t be a self-definition, would it?”  
“The handsome beyond compare is, yes,” Johnsen said, with a grin.
Periwinkle swung around, booted her computer, and tapped away.
“What are you doing?” 
“Getting the low-down on Pressman. Why don’t you get us a couple of cups of coffee, while I do the skilled work?”
Johnsen frowned and walked out.
“Don’t forget, I like cream,” she shouted at his back.
Periwinkle was ready when he returned. Pressman’s easy, Viking. I’ve got him.”
“Shoot,” Johnsen said, as he placed Periwinkle’s coffee next to her.
“Not enough milk, but I won’t complain this time. You’ll only say I’m depressed.”
“No, I won’t. What do you have?”
“Interesting in one respect. Our Mr. Pressman is a research chemist of all things.”
“Like the guy you used to date? The one with the Harley?”
“He was a chemical engineer. Much different. But guess who Pressman works for?” 
“Eckerds?”
“Close, but no banana. Hoffmann-La Roche.”
“The outfit that paid for Denise’s rooms in Vegas?”
“Not only Denise’s, but Winter’s as well. Coincidence?” she asked. “Also remember that Winter called Hoffmann-La Roche when he was stuck at the Overlook Motel.”
“But you checked, and they didn’t employ anyone named Winter, right?”
“Yup.”
“Okay, go on.” 
“Well, interim Boss, Hoffmann-La Roche doesn’t list Pressman as an employee either.”
“Interesting.” Johnsen plopped his over-sized feet on his desk. “The only reasonable explanation I can think of is that he works for a firm that has a contract with Hoffmann-La Roche. Maybe Hoffmann-La Roche pays him, but not directly. Or, and here’s a good one, Pressman isn’t his real name either.”
“As nervous as he was last night, I don’t think he’s competent enough to pull off multiple identities,” she said.
“Maybe.”
“I hit a few of my favorite sites on the net and found that he’s married and has three kids.”
“He mentioned that last night. Said he’s separated, and his wife was with her family in Syracuse.”
“Yup. Then I darted into the financial world and discovered that our research chemist is up to his eyeballs in debt. Seems he has two mortgages on his house, owes on two cars, and is close to his limits on several credit cards. You’d think a man of science could handle his financial affairs better.”
“He may be the type that can’t handle them at all. All the science nerds I knew at Bemidji were out to lunch.” 
“And all the Scandinavian studies types were perfectly normal, Norseman?”
“Absolutely, like me.”
“I also wandered through court records and found a couple of interesting things.”
“Our man has priors?” 
“Sorta,” Periwinkle said. “He’s paying monthly support for an illegitimate daughter. Near as I can tell, the girl is about six years old. The mother had to take Pressman to court to get him to pony up. He was also hauled in last year and charged with physical assault with a lethal weapon.”
“A gun?” Johnsen asked.
“No, more like the lethal weapon you’d prefer.”
Johnsen looked at her strangely.
“A beer mug, Norseman. He tried to conk a barmaid over the head with it. Utica cops let him off with a stiff lecture, probably about being kind to women, and as far as I can tell, nothing more transpired.”
“Our Mr. Pressman must have a temper,” Johnsen said. “And he seems to have trouble with women. He knocks them up, knocks them silly, and maybe knocks them off. Strange actions for a guy who stands around in a white lab coat all day.”
“Clever, and I agree to a point. But I don’t think occupations always mirror personalities. Look at you and the boss. Big rough and tumble cops, yet soft as Brie inside. And sometimes even you are kind.”
“Does that imply the boss is always kind, and I’m not?”
“I digress. I just had a thought. Pressman is exactly the same age as the boss. So I went back to see where Pressman went to college. Well, you’ll love this. He matriculated at SUNY Albany during the exact years that the lieutenant was there. What do you think of that?”
“If he were there with the boss, then he was there with Denise,” Johnsen said. “Odds are the three crossed paths. That means that both men could have had some relationship with the victim. I don’t like the smell of this little flower. The Kaiser won’t either.”
“You going to tell him?” she asked.
Saturday Morning, Midway Between Albany and Utica
Shard hardly noticed the snow blowing horizontally at his windshield. His mind kept picking at the loose ends in Tony’s story. “I spend my professional life untangling dangling threads,” he said aloud. He often talked to cars. There was something therapeutic about it, he thought. They were almost human, moved, were sometimes powerful, provided comfort, were often frustrating, demonstrated strange propensities, aged, sometimes gracefully and sometimes not, were expensive, and occasionally sexy. Best of all, however, they never revealed what he said to them. 
“It doesn’t quite make sense,” he continued. “Tiny said Uncle Joe screwed it up and still had a woman killed and put in my car. The only thing he could have screwed up is that his mug didn’t put her in my bed. I wonder why not? I could break into my house it’s so easy. More likely he killed the wrong woman. I bet Spinello wanted Ellen killed and left in my bed. But if that’s the case, Uncle Joe’s guy screwed up in a strange way. It couldn’t have been only coincidence that he killed a woman I knew in a biblical way. That had to have been planned, but nobody knew of our relationship, and besides it was almost twenty years ago. None of the pegs seem to fit the holes.”
Shard turned off the Thruway at the Utica exit to go north to Leyden. After he paid his toll, however, he turned south and went into downtown Utica. He had no trouble finding Iorio’s Bleeker Street office. The huge sign out front announced it was the home of Iorio Enterprises. He parked under a no parking zone under the sign and walked into the building and rang the bell.
“Yeah?” came a gruff voice. Shard wondered how so much sound could have squeezed through such a small speaker
“Thomas Shard to see Mr. Iorio.”
There was a lengthy pause during which Shard could visualize a guy about five feet six inches tall, who very well might be Denise’s killer, asking Uncle Joe if he wanted to see this guy.
“Come on up.”
The six foot six inch tall henchman who met Shard at the top of the stairs looked more like the Norseman. He towered over Shard by a good six inches. His most distinguishing characteristic, other than a cruel mouth, was that he seemed to have no forehead. His hairline descended to about a half an inch above his eyebrows. His eyes, the color of licorice, did nothing to soften his visage.
“I gotta check for heat,” and patted Shard down.
“Go in,” he said, and followed Shard into a large office, painted entirely red, but furnished with black overstuffed leather furniture and dominated by a huge, well-worn Persian rug. Uncle Joe sat in a large armchair with his feet propped up on an ottoman, fondling a cigar that Shard guessed was as long as the Norseman’s shoes. The only thing missing, Shard thought, was Italian opera shaking the windows.
“Yeah?” Uncle Joe asked. Shard figured Iorio Enterprises could benefit from a seminar on collegiality. 
“I’m Thomas Shard, and my friend in Albany, Alphonse Spinello, sends his regards.”
“I know who the hell you are, and the rest is bullshit. Alphie is dumber than a river rock. I should’a never let him marry my sister. So why are you here, cop?”
“Okay, I’ll start over. I’m Lieutenant Thomas Shard of the Mohawk County Sheriff’s Department. Is that better?”
“It’s a start. Go on.”
“I’m investigating the murder of Denise Sizemore. She was killed in Rochester, probably last Sunday, and her body dumped in my carriage house.”
“So?”
“In the course of my investigation, your name has come up twice, and I figured I ought to make your acquaintance and let you explain a couple of things.”
“I got nothun to explain for, cop. But go ahead. Any time my name comes up, I’m interested.”
“A friend of mine in the state police heard Alphie’s boys talking about how Denise was killed. He picked up the salient fact that Alphie’s uncle might have done a job for his nephew and screwed it up. Does any of that ring a bell?’
“I ain’t Alphie’s uncle. You know that already. And he ain’t my nephew. We gotta better family than that. And boys who sling loose talk around ought to have their lips removed. Got me?”
“I think so.”
“They don’t know what the hell they’re talking about. Probably had their snouts in Alphie’s wine. If so, they were drinkin’ cheap shit. He wouldn’t know a good bottle of vino if I smashed it across his face. And I want you to know that Uncle Joe never screws up, and neither do his boys. So whatever your friend overheard is pure bullshit. Anything else?”
“As a matter of fact, yes. I called one of Alphie’s boys who corroborated what my trooper friend overheard, namely that you were supposed to kill a woman and put her body in a cop’s bed. According to Alphie’s man, you hit the wrong woman, and maybe the wrong cop’s bed. Or, your boy missed the woman and the bed entirely. Alphie’s boy was confused, but he was certain that Alphie wasn’t happy with the job you did for him.”
Uncle Joe stared at Shard with his dark brown eyes pulsing flashes of hate. Shard also noticed the hulking thug had tensed up and moved closer.
Uncle Joe rolled his cigar around in his fingers and drew in enough smoke in one drag to do a steam shovel proud. After he had expelled it, he said, “so, what the fuck you tryin’ to say cop? That I had the broad killed and botched the job? Wrong broad? Wrong bed or somethin?”
“I’m just reporting what I was told and would like your take on it.”
“I ain’t got no take on that crap. I run a clean business. I’m in truckin’. Run my trucks all over the state. Check them out.”
“Run them to Buffalo, Rochester, and Syracuse? Maybe Leyden?”
“Sure, everywhere. Ain’t you ever seen Iorio trucks on the Thruway? My name’s in big letters down the sides of the trailers. Big eighteen wheelers. All mine. I don’t have no interest in killing some broad or in cops’ beds. Understand?”
“You’re saying nothing I’ve heard is true?”
“What are you, stupid? That’s exactly what I’m saying. What the hell would you expect me to say? Get him outta here Sam. I’m done with him.”
Shard walked out before Sam could get to him. He was out the front door before Sam was half way down the stairs.
Back upstairs, Uncle Joe said to Sam, “I’m going to call that asshole brother-in-law of mine. I’m going to kill that stupid shit. And while I’m doing that, get the phone number of the Sheriff that cop works for. I’m gonna burn his ass, but not until I kill Alphie.”
Saturday Morning, Later
“You know purple flower, I wish the boss were here,” Johnsen said. “We know this guy Winter killed Denise. Sounds open and shut, except we don’t know who Winter is. I agree, I think it’s Pressman, but how do we prove it? And if not Pressman, who? You know the scary thing? It could even be the boss.”
“That’s the longest of shots, Norseman. First of all, he’s not that kind of guy. Second, why would he use a fake name? He’s single, so he can date anyone he wants.”
Johnsen’s feet had gone to sleep; he swung them off the desk and plunked them down on the linoleum floor.
“How close do you think he and Denise were?” he asked.
“How would I know? I would never ask him. That’s his business, and it doesn’t have anything to do with what happened to her twenty years later. At least I don’t think it does.”
“Right.”
“Our biggest problem right now, temporary leader, is to find some way to prove that Pressman is Winter. Then all we have to do is to trace him back to Denise last weekend and prove he killed her. Simple, huh?”
“Yeah, except for one thing the boss keeps hammering into us. Why would Pressman want to kill her? We might prove Pressman spent the weekend with her, but that doesn’t mean that he killed her. Someone not even in our picture may have done it. And we can’t catch someone we don’t know about.”
“Oh, that’s brilliant,” she said.
“Thanks. I wish I smoked. We could go up to the boss’s office and find a Camel. Five minutes after I light it, I could unravel this thing.”
“Fat chance.”
“I was thinking after my feet went to sleep,” Johnsen said. “I think the answer to all this is buried in Jarl Hacon’s stories.”
“Oh, God,” Periwinkle said.
“No, I mean it. The lieutenant laughs at my sagas too, but he often sees the truth of the thing buried in them. By the way, I’m really enjoying rereading the Heimskringla. I think you’d like it too. I’m up to St. Olav. Did you know he was once in….?”
“No, I didn’t, Norseman. But if I have to endure this stuff, would you at least make poor Hacon pertinent to our case?”
“Okay. Two overpowering motivations inspired Hacon. Revenge was one, when he waited for years and then killed the men who’d killed his father. This is a common theme in Scandinavian history. It stemmed from pride, or their worry about what they called their “word fame.” I think that’s an enduring part of being human. Was Denise killed for revenge? If so, for what? Was she was sleeping with someone else too? She threatened to leave Winter? She threatened to tell Winter’s wife, if he has one? Pressman does, we know. Did she do something unspeakable to him? Could be a lot of things.”
“Well, that narrows down Winter’s motive. Not only do we not know who he is, but now we don’t know what he avenged.”
“True. But bear with me. Hacon’s second motivation was his illegitimate son, a talented kid who somehow threatened him in ways we’ll never know. The important thing is that to Hacon family was all-important. It defined who his people were. It still does, little flower. Did Denise threaten Winter’s family? Was she in a family way? She was still young enough. Did she threaten him with news of her pregnancy?”
“Did Doc check to see if she was pregnant?” asked Periwinkle.
“He usually does, but he didn’t mention it in his autopsy report. Call him to find out. If she wasn’t, it will eliminate one motive. But not entirely. Maybe she wanted a child, and her age was working against her. Pressman already has three legitimate kids and the illegitimate girl. Maybe he couldn’t stand the thought of another one. Or, couldn’t afford it. It’s also interesting that the saga doesn’t mention whether Hacon killed his child. It just says that he didn’t like him. That probably meant he shunned him. Out of fear? Jealousy? Guilt for killing his mother? Who knows? But I think Hacon’s motivations will unravel our riddle with Denise. When we understand one, we’ll understand the other.”
Periwinkle stared as Johnsen vigorously rubbed his left calf trying to awaken his foot.
“You may be dead right. And no pun intended, short-term Boss. But I don’t see how this clarifies anything about Denise, Winter, Pressman, or for that matter the boss,” Periwinkle said.
“No it doesn’t, but it will, my lavender friend,” Johnsen said.
Saturday Afternoon, Leyden
Shard walked into headquarters, and shook the snow off his old coat.
“It’s never going to quit snowing,” he said to Neil who sat just to the right of his boots.
“I’m supposed to tell you that the sheriff wants to see you pronto. He’s in today. I couldn’t find you. You weren’t at home, and you didn’t answer your car radio. Do you keep it on, Sir?”
“No. Sorry you couldn’t reach me. I’ll go right up.”
Bluder was working as well, and her mood didn’t seem to brighten when she saw Shard.
“How’s your vacation been, Lieutenant?” 
“I haven’t taken it yet, exactly,” he said. “I’ve been attending to my duties.”
“I certainly hope so because the sheriff is anxious to talk to you. Go on in.”
The Kaiser looked as if he hadn’t moved since Shard had last seen him. The only difference was that the Kaiser was twiddling his fingers, never a good sign.
“The weather couldn’t be worse, Sir,” Shard said, ever anxious to bring up the Kaiser’s second favorite topic, after food. “This snow will never stop.”
“Oh, it will, Lieutenant, but not for a few more days. We’re under a very deep low that shows no sign of moving out. Do know a guy in Utica named Joe Iorio?”
The Kaiser was a master at switching topics without transition. 
“I do,” Shard said. “In fact I talked to him this morning.”
“I’m aware of that, Lieutenant. After you left, Mr. Iorio called and gave me a piece of his mind. Apparently, you left him with the strong impression that he had ordered the murder of the Sizemore girl. He didn’t take kindly to your implied accusation.”
“I have some very solid evidence that he ordered her killed, and I wanted to see how he would react when I confronted him.”
“Judging from our conversation, Lieutenant, his reaction was not friendly. He asked how I could employ a deputy as stupid as you, and suggested that I fire you. Now, to be honest, Lieutenant, I almost agreed with him. As I remember, I ordered you off the Sizemore case. Further, I recollect you agreed. Suddenly, a guy in Utica, who I have subsequently discovered is a man of some nefarious connections, calls to demand your termination. I judge that something went amiss here. Would you care to explain?”
He’d never seen the Kaiser so angry. Shard’s nervous reaction was to explain in more detail than was necessary what he had learned in Albany and from his phone call to Tiny. 
The Kaiser listened without comment, but Shard noted that the bush that camouflaged his upper lip was twitching. When Shard finished the Kaiser said, “but that doesn’t answer my question. I want to know why you are still working the case contrary to my orders.”
Shard knew that it was suicidal to answer the Kaiser’s question. “I’m almost one hundred percent certain, Sir, that Iorio killed Denise as a favor to his brother-in-law Alphonse Spinello, who wanted to get back at me for discovering that he had killed Samuel Landry. Remember, I told him that I would keep an eye on him. Now, I think Spinello asked him to kill Ellen Misch, a friend of mine in Buffalo, and Iorio’s thugs screwed it up. Give me some time, Sir, and I can prove it.”
The Kaiser’s eyes bored through Shard for the longest time. He didn’t even glance at Lincoln’s portrait, which Shard recognized was a bad sign. The Kaiser often sought the deceased president’s advice.
“I won’t have rogue officers in my department, Lieutenant. I’m responsible for all you people, and when my officers wantonly disobey me, I get most perturbed.”
“I wouldn’t and didn’t wantonly disobey you, Sir. I only thought that I could quietly help Johnsen out. This is an election year, Sir, and I’m as anxious to clean up this case as you are. And I also want to clear my name.”
“I’m afraid that’s your principal concern, Lieutenant. That’s why I took you off the case. You were too close to it perhaps because you were personally involved in it as well.”
“Personally involved, Sir?” 
“You’ve known the woman for a number of years. I don’t know exactly how well you’ve known her, but it could turn out to be embarrassingly well for both of us, if you get my meaning.”
“I do, Sir.”
“I’m not going to fire you today, Lieutenant. You’re too damned good an investigator. But I don’t want to hear of any further skulking around behind my back. None! You understand?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“You may be correct that this is a mafia hit, and I’ll pass that information to Johnsen. He may want to ask you more about it, and that’s okay. But it’s his case? Understand me?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Now, go and track down the rest of the malefactors out there.”
The Kaiser leaned back in his chair and watched Shard walk past Bluder’s desk. He wondered if it was only his imagination that Shard was more nervous than he’d ever seen him. His words cascaded everywhere, the Kaiser thought, but he deliberately evaded my question. He had no reason to be so defensive unless he was more deeply involved with Sizemore than anyone knew. I wish I’d paid more attention to his private life because there’s something here that I can’t put my finger on.
“Hilda, get Johnsen and Periwinkle up here on the double, will you?”
For the better part of an hour Johnsen and Periwinkle brought the Kaiser up to date on their theories about Winter, and he told them about Shard’s mafia suspicions. 
“But what I most want to know,” the sheriff said. “is whether you’ve cleared Shard of possible involvement in the crime.”
“No, Sir,” they said.

CHAPTER 8 
The Kaiser Retaliates
Saturday Afternoon
“Copper, I’m in trouble and I need your help,” Shard said.
“You’re always in trouble, my friend. And in case you’ve forgotten, I have a job. I’m employed. I have a family to support. It’s Saturday, what do you want?”
Shard filled him in on his meeting with Uncle Joe and the Kaiser’s tongue lashing.
“You’re damned lucky. Most sheriffs would have heaved you out on your ass. But what can I do?”
“I’ve been thinking, and I’m sure I’m on the right track. The problem is that the pieces don’t fit perfectly. That started me thinking that there might be more than one killing here, and it’s the other one that was the screw up.”
“Two things. I think you’re making this unnaturally complicated, and more important, my scotch supplier will be cut off at his knees if his boss finds out that he’s still poking around the case. Let your Norse giant solve the thing. For once in your life, let events take their course. That’s the best advice I can give you.”
“Thanks, thirsty. Now, what I need from you is a list of women murdered last weekend in western New York, say in Buffalo, Rochester, and Syracuse. And anything else that looks suspicious.”
“I’ll bet there were suspicious killings of women all over New York last weekend, and none of them had anything to do with your garage.”
“Maybe, but could you check?” 
“Don’t you have a computer? They must have electricity by now up there in the woods.”
“Got it last week, and it’s a blessing, but I forgot to attend the department’s wildly entertaining instructional sessions on how to use my computer. That’s why I have Periwinkle, but unfortunately I can’t access her manifold talents right now.”
“You always were a Luddite. I’ll bet you don’t even have a cell phone, do you?” 
“Wrong, I do have one.”
“When was the last time you used it? Ten years ago?”
“I think more recently than that. You can’t believe what an irritating ring it has. Besides, its batteries are always dead.”
“That’s why we have battery chargers. Trust me, they work. Okay, I’ll check for you just to get you the hell off the phone so I can get some of my own work done. Let’s see, there were a couple in Western New York. A woman was killed in Buffalo on Sunday morning.”
“That sounds promising, Copper.”
“Don’t get your hopes up. She was Polish. Her name has 11 consonants in it. Her body was found in her house, and her husband is in jail. Does that sound like what you’re looking for?”
Shard groped under the writing board in his desk until he found a Camel taped to it. “I don’t think so, Copper.”
“No women killed in Syracuse over the weekend. Maybe the mayor ought to use that fact to hype tourism there.”
“Everyone was safe in Syracuse last weekend,” Shard said. “Everybody was shoveling snow.”
“Oh, here’s an odd one. A woman was strangled, probably Sunday, but here’s the kicker. A cop in Lyons found her body in his bed.”
“You’re kidding? Lyons is outside of Rochester. That’s the last city where we can place Denise Sizemore alive. Coincidence? I told you I was on to something, Copper.”
“It gets more suspicious, my man. Do you know what her name was?”
“No.”
“Get ready, Ellen Mansuer. What’s your Ellen’s last name?
“Misch. Yeow!”
“What’s the matter?”
“My cigarette burned down to my finger. Damn that smarted.”
Shard snuffed the butt in his ashtray and licked his finger. 
“Shouldn’t smoke. Those things will kill you.”
“More likely they’ll set me on fire. Let me get this straight. A woman named Ellen, from somewhere, is strangled on Sunday and left in a cop’s bed. Did the cop do it?”
“Doesn’t seem to be a suspect. Claims the body was planted.”
“That sounds familiar. The woman has the same first name as my Ellen, and her last name begins with the same letter. Perfect set-up for a screw up, Copper.”
“And don’t forget, my woodsy detective, both women were killed in the same manner. I hate to admit it, but you might be on the right track. If you are, it could be the first time you ever solved a murder. A red letter day for you.”
“Stuff it, Copper. This is bizarre. What frightens me is that if they set out to kill my Ellen and got this other Ellen instead, will they try to correct their mistake?”
“Might. But how many women are these guys willing to kill before they get it right? They usually aren’t careless. If they were, we’d have them off the street.”
“Do you know anybody in the Buffalo barracks?”
“Yeah, couple of guys.”
“Could you ask them to keep an eye on Ellen? Or have their contacts on the city force do it? I’ll give you her address.”
“I am listening, Tom, but I just ran a search on this dead Ellen woman. She was from Buffalo where she ran a travel agency. She was forty-two years old, about the right age, I’d guess.”
“Two years older than my Ellen, but close. Can you do anything for me out there?”
“How many bottles of fully aged single malt do you owe me already? You don’t make enough a year to buy them. But, yeah, I’ll make a call and at least give the guys out there a heads up. But you know they can’t follow her around everywhere.”
Shard hung up, closed his eyes, and tried to fit the new information into the puzzle. From the deep recesses of his mind, a mantra reverberated: “Lyons/Leyden/Lyons/Leyden/Lyons.”
Saturday Afternoon, Late
“Honey,” Stan said, “this is serious. The cops have asked me to come in Monday morning to talk to them again.”
“So? Just stick to your story. They have no proof, even if you did kill that woman.”
“My biggest problem is that they still think I’m Winter, and there is no way I can convince them otherwise. You’re the only person, except for your miserable husband, who knows I’m not. You’re the only one who can get me out of this.”
“I can’t prove who Winter is, Stan. It could just as easily be you.”
“You know that’s not true,” Stan said.
“Maybe, but I have no proof.”
“Yes you do. All you have to do is say we spent last weekend in the Best Western.”
“I’ve already explained why I can’t. I’m not going through it again. Stand up and take it like a man.”
“Yeah, and I end up in prison for the rest of my life. I’m not going to do that. I was just kidding when I said that I could have killed her. I couldn’t have; I was with you. Naked. In Bed. And you know it.”
“Unless you killed her on Sunday after we came home.”
“Oh, come on. Why would I do that?”
“To set my husband up. Then I’d be free.”
“That’s nuts, and you know it. Just tell me what I can say to the cops Monday, will you?”
“Easy. Tell them you didn’t do it, you’re not Winter, and you spent the weekend shacked up with a woman whose name you can’t reveal.”
“They won’t believe me. They’ll crucify me.”
“That’s your problem, Stan. I’ll deny that I spent the weekend with you. I was a faithful little housemarm waiting for her husband to return from a convention. That’s my story. Come up with your own.”
Sunday Morning
 “If this snow doesn’t stop, I’m quitting and heading for Key West where I’ll sell cat food to feed the six or seven toed cats Hemingway left,” Periwinkle said. “I haven’t seen my car in ten days. It looks like a snow tumor on my driveway.”
“Oh, come on, it isn’t that bad, sweet flower. It’s gotta stop sometime, it always does.” 
“Do you know what my gas bill is going to look like this month? Maybe now that you’re my boss, you’ll give me the raise that the lieutenant promised me.”
“He never promised either of us a raise.”
“He was about to just before the Kaiser took him off the case. By the way, I called Doc to see if Denise was pregnant. You’d have thought I wanted to know if Doc had impregnated her. He gave me a lecture on his superior education and the thoroughness of all his autopsies, and pointed out if she had been pregnant he certainly would have included it in his report. In fact, he said, he would have highlighted it if he could find a highlighter. That was the long way round to telling me that she wasn’t pregnant. If I remember correctly, that eliminates one of Jarl Hacon’s motivations.”
“It certainly looks like it, but don’t forget, as the lieutenant often says, it’s what’s not done that is often more important than what is. Let’s turn Hacon on his head. Suppose she was desperate to get pregnant, and Winter refused. His motive for killing her then would be much like Hacon’s.”
“We’ll ask him when he arrives,” Periwinkle said.
“I’m sure he’ll answer in the negative, little flower. Guys hate to talk about stuff like this. This is a girl topic,” he said.
“The hell it is! It takes two, my friend, to make a child and raise it properly. That’s the problem with this world. Guys avoid taking responsibility for the essential decisions that make families work. You leave it up to us, and then blame us when it all goes sour.”
“Geez, sorry I mentioned it. I was only suggesting Winter’s possible motives. I think you’re right, though; we should question him about this.”
Pressman stepped into their office, his overcoat and toboggan covered with snow.
“That’s the longest thirty miles I’ve driven in years,” he said. “The roads are a slicker than goose crap. It’s a lot of effort to prove that I am who I am, especially after I’ve already showed you the documents to prove it.”
“We’re interested in you because we were told that you sometimes use the name Tim Winter,” Johnsen said. “We have to check out all our leads.”
“I don’t know who told you that, but it’s a crock,” Pressman said. “I’ve never heard of anyone named Winter.”
“We hope you’re telling the truth, Mr. Pressman,” Periwinkle said. “But we have to check. Were you in Rochester last weekend?”
“I haven’t been there in years.”
“Where were you then?” Johnsen asked.
“I told you before, in Utica.”
“That’s not exactly what you told us. You said you spent the weekend alone because your wife took the kids and went to stay with her family in Syracuse.”
“She did. And she’s still there.”
“We can check on that. But were you totally alone the whole weekend?” Johnsen asked.  “You didn’t talk to a soul? That sounds odd to us. Somebody must have called or dropped by.”
Pressman’s eyes darted around the room avoiding both Johnsen and Periwinkle.
“Ah, well, I fudged the story a little. I was in town, that part’s true. But I wasn’t alone. I was with a woman at the Best Western the whole time.”
“Why didn’t you tell us that before?” asked Periwinkle.
“Because it’s a private matter. We’re both married.”
“Your wife knows about the other woman, Mr. Pressman? Is that why she took the children and left for Syracuse?”
“She only suspects. It’s hard to keep a secret like that from your wife. Know what I mean?”
Periwinkle ignored his query.
“Who was the woman, Mr. Pressman? If she will corroborate that for the times we’re interested in, you’ll be off the hook,” Johnsen said.
“That’s the rub. She doesn’t want her name revealed. She doesn’t want to be involved in a murder investigation because she’s afraid her husband will find out about us.” 
“Okay let’s take a different tack,” Johnsen said. “You and your wife have three kids and you have an illegitimate fourth one for whom you’re paying child support. Is that correct?”
“Yes.”
“That’s all you have to say?” Johnsen persisted.
“You can fill in the gaps, sergeant. I made a mistake and am paying for it. And by the way, I’m up to date on my child support.”
“Does your wife know about your love child?” asked Periwinkle.
“Yes, but that was a half a dozen years ago.”
“But you haven’t changed much over the years. You’re still cheating on your wife,” Periwinkle said.
“Oh, come on, I’m not as bad as you think. Everybody strays once in a while; it’s the nature of the beast. Her husband, Bradley, is having an affair too. She’s just getting even with him.”
“Who’s he having an affair with?” Periwinkle asked.
“That’s none of your business,” Pressman replied.
“Oh but it is, Mr. Pressman. We think that the murder victim was having an affair with Tim Winter, and either he or someone else killed her. When we were told you use the alias Winter, you came into our cross-hairs,” Periwinkle said.
“But my affair with this woman last weekend, and her husband’s affair have absolutely nothing to do with your murder, nothing. I never heard of the victim until I saw her obit in the O-D.”
“We understand that you have a history of violence against women,” Periwinkle said.
“What? Never!”
“What about the time you clobbered a woman bartender with a beer mug? That’s not violence?” Periwinkle asked.
“How did you find out about that?”
“The Utica police records. We have the right to use them, in case you’re interested,” she said.
“Yeah, but it wasn’t violent, and I wasn’t charged.”
“You bashed her with a beer mug. That’s assault,” she said.
“It wasn’t a beer mug. It was a plastic glass. And I really didn’t hit her with it. She said I’d had too much to drink and cut me off. I lost my cool and threw my glass at her. It bounced off her forehead and got her blouse wet. She called the cops. That’s all there was to it.”
Pressman seemed nervous. He wrung his hands and crossed and re-crossed his legs. Periwinkle thought that Shard would have picked up on his body language and tailored his questions to it.
“One of things we’re sure of, Mr. Pressman,” she continued, “is that someone named Tim Winter flew from Syracuse to Las Vegas and back to Rochester with the victim. Hoffman-La Roche paid for their flights and hotel rooms, which makes us believe that Winter has a connection with the company. Then we discovered that you ‘re a research chemist, and we wondered if your company did work for Hoffman-La Roche? There must be a connection here.” 
“We do business with defense and aircraft companies. I don’t think any drug company would be the least bit interested in our research.”
“But you can’t prove that?” Periwinkle asked.
“No, I’m not a company manager. I’m only a researcher.” 
“So are we, Mr. Pressman, and our research shows that you have financial problems. Is that true?” Johnsen asked.
Pressman looked a little dumbstruck, Periwinkle thought.
 “Yeah, I’m a little behind with some bills and have substantial debts, but what does that have to do with the murder? I bet half the country is behind on its bills. But more important, how did you learn this? It’s supposed to be private.”
“Nothing is private anymore, Mr. Pressman,” Periwinkle said. “Anyone with a Mac and ten fingers can find out almost everything about you. And it’s all legal.” 
“That doesn’t mean that I have to like it.”
“True,” she said.
“I’m tired of your insinuations,” Pressman said. “You have zero evidence that I’m Tim Winter for the simple reason that I’m not. You have zero proof that I had anything to do with that Denise woman because I did not. You have zero evidence that I killed her because I did not. No matter how screwed up my life is, it’s my business, and not yours. So, unless you have something that ties me to the murder, leave me alone. If you don’t, I’m going to hire a lawyer to come with me for any further questioning. Are we through?”
“I think so, Mr. Pressman,” said Johnsen and Periwinkle together.
After Pressman left, Johnsen asked, “what do you think? Any chance he’s our Winter?”
Periwinkle scratched under her jaw line and thought a moment. “We can’t prove anything, Norseman, and although I think the guy’s scum, I don’t think he’s Winter. I think he instinctively follows the dictates of his penis. He never thinks things through. If he did, he wouldn’t be in the mess he’s in. I think all you guys follow your groins, and that’s why the world is so screwed up. No pun intended.”
“Come on, you know that’s not true. Yeah we have hormonal needs, and so do you guys. Sometimes they just don’t jibe. Take Jarl Hacon, for example,….”
“Hacon has nothing to do with this. Yes, he sired an illegitimate boy and killed half of Trumpelhouse,….”
“Trondheim, little flower.”
“Whatever. But if you raise your sights and thoughts above your belt, you’ll see that this case drips with sex, most of it immoral, if not illegal. Denise has a lover to whom she’s not married, Pressman has had at least two extra-marital affairs, and one is still going on. His current squeeze, according to him, is married to someone who’s also having an affair. Now, tell me Norseman, is this normal for married couples? If it is, I’m glad I’m single.”
“Do you think Shard could be Winter?” he asked.
Periwinkle’s first instinct was that he was kidding, but his eyes showed he wasn’t. 
“Sex, violence, and murder against women aren’t his style. He’s one of the few men I know who doesn’t lead with his penis. He’s the more thoughtful type.”
“Yeah, but maybe his thoughtfulness enables him to weave a web of deceit that’s throwing us off. Ever consider that, little bloom?”
“Are you saying that Shard could be Denise’s killer?”
“It’s possible,” he said. “We need him here to figure that out for us.”
Sunday Afternoon
“Hugh Shach please,” Shard said.
“Good God, Shard, I haven’t heard from you since you fled Albany a hundred years ago. How are you?”
“Not so good, Hugh, and I need your help. Someone planted a dead woman I once knew in my carriage house, in my car. It’s a set-up.”
“You still drive that piece of English crap that’s only a foot high with a Roto-Tiller motor?”
“Yeah, but that’s not important, although the body was propped up in it. I’m calling because I heard you guys found a dead woman in a cop’s bed in Lyons. Know anything about the case?”
“Anything that involves one of our own gets our attention.”
“I think there might be a connection with my case. Maybe we could help each other.” 
“I wish we knew enough, Tom, to make an arrest. The victim was Ellen Mansuer, forty-two years old, and quite a looker. We’ know she’s from Buffalo where she owned a travel agency. Divorced with no kids. Her ex has an airtight alibi for the whole weekend, especially for Sunday when we think she was strangled. Seems he was shacked up in Niagara Falls with some guy’s wife. It took us three days to get him to reveal her name, and after a tearful interrogation, she admitted they were in the Seneca Casino the whole time. Have you seen that place, Tom?”
“I haven’t, but what else do you know?” asked Shard.
“We can’t find any connection between the victim and Lyons, can’t even find any evidence she’d ever been there. Nor does it seem that she knew the local officer, Thomas Sharpe.”
“Thomas Sharpe? That’s his name?”
“That much, we are sure about.”
“His name is awfully close to mine, and the victim had the same first name as a woman in Buffalo I’ve been dating. She’s an old flame from high school days. Her last name is Misch. Your victim’s is Mansuer. Awfully close, don’t you think?” 
“It sure does seem that way.”
“Tell me more, please,” Shard said.
“Sorry, we don’t know much more. The coroner said she was beaten while still alive and has bruising over the upper half of her body. Then she was strangled. We suspect that she was killed somewhere else, and then brought to Sharpe’s house. He was on duty when the killer propped her up in his bed.”
“When was that?”
“When Sharpe came home from his graveyard shift Monday morning, he found her. He nearly went into shock. We’re pretty sure he didn’t know her. Sharpe is single, so nobody was home when the killer dumped the body, and there’s no evidence of a forcible entry. The killer knew how to get into the house.”
“I can attest to his shock,” Shard said. “I felt it too.”
“Sharpe is so shaken up the department has placed him on administrative leave and hired a shrink to counsel him. I feel sorry for the guy, and I don’t even know him.” 
“ What did Ellen look like?” Shard asked.
“She was maybe five foot ten, with bleached blonde hair. Forty-two years old and carrying a little too much weight. She was not fat mind you, but had ten to fifteen extra pounds around her middle and in her butt. But still, she was an attractive woman.”
“Except for the weight and bleached hair, she’s a pretty close approximation to my Ellen in Buffalo. She’s a tall, busy CPA, and a widow. The whole thing is too close for comfort, Hugh. I’ve asked Cooper -- remember him? -- to have his Buffalo colleagues keep an eye on my Ellen in case the killer tries for a third time to get it right. Have anything else?”
“Nope. We think someone is trying to set Sharpe up too, but we can’t figure out why. He’s been a patrol officer for two years and has a squeaky-clean record.”
Shard noted the cliché, thanked Hugh, and promised to keep in touch.
Shard looked up at his state police commendation plaque. He took it down and removed the Camel attached to the hanging wire with a paper clip. He settled back in his chair to mull over what he had learned.
Two tries to kill the right woman. Both bollixed? Two sets of killers. Were they both directed at me? It’s possible, he thought, but more likely, it was two unrelated Uncle Joe jobs that went wrong. But Joe didn’t seem incompetent or stupid. Neither did that bruiser in his office -- just the opposite, in fact. Uncle Joe hadn’t survived this long by making idiotic mistakes, especially when taking on cops. This has to track back to Spinello, whose goons are brain dead.
Sunday Afternoon, Albany
“Mr. S., this is Tiny.”
“Hell, I knows that. You think I’m stupid. What do ya want?”
“Uncle Joe’s guy called, Mr. S.”
He had Spinello’s attention. “Didn’t I tell youse never to answer this damned phone?”
“No, Mr. S. I mean yes, Mr.S. But it was the wrong phone.”
“What the hell are you talking about, Tiny?”
“The guy called my place. I always answer the phone there, Mr. S. It might be you.”
“Why the hell did the guy call you?”
“I don’t know, Mr. S.”
“I’m not surprised. Who was he?”
“I can’t remember his name, Mr. S. I don’t know him. Spontelli or somethin’ like that.”
“Nobody’s named Spontelli. Jesus Christ, Tiny.”
“No, Mr. S., it wasn’t Jesus. I’d have remembered that.”
“Bet you would have. What did he say?”
“He asked if we was happy with the dead broad in bed? I said I wanted my broads alive in bed. Don’t you Mr. S?”
“Yeah, always. What else did he say?”
“He mentioned that cop you don’t like, the one somewhere.”
“Shard?”
“Yeah, that one.”
“What did he say about Shard?”
“Something about the dead broad in his bed, or maybe not in his bed.”
“What the hell are you talking about Tiny?”
“Sophinello wanted to know was we happy with the job?”
“I said I don’t know because the broad was in bed or not, or somethin’.”
“Jesus, Tiny. What else?”
“He wanted to know if you was Uncle Joe’s brother. I said yes, ‘cause you married his sister.”
“That don’t make me his brother, you jackass!”
“Oh.”
“Anything else, Tiny?”
“Nope Mr. S. I just wanted you to know.”
“I don’t know nothing after talking to you. I gotta call Tony.”
He got Tony on the second ring.
“Tony, turn off that Goddamned carwash. I can’t hear you.”
“I’m washing police cars today, gotta get the salt off.”
“Then go outside, you asshole, where it’s quiet.”
“Okay.”
“That’s better. Someone from Uncle Joe’s called Tiny to ask about our hitting the wrong broad. Tiny don’t make no sense, but I don’t think it were anyone from Uncle Joe’s. Tiny got the guy’s name wrong, but the guy knew about Shard and the broad in bed screw-up. You know what I think, Tony?”
“I never know what you thinkin’ Alfie, except you don’t want me using the city water free.”
“Fuck that Tony. I think Shard knows we offed that bitch and wanted to put her in his bed. He knows, Tony! We’re in deep shit. Cops don’t like us fucking with them.” 
“So what is we going to do Alphie.”
“I’m thinking, Tony. We gotta do something. Soon. Or we’re going to jail. You won’t be able to steal no city water there.”
“The cops is okay with that Alphie. They know. Don’t worry.”
“Bullshit!”
Sunday Afternoon
 “You’re a bigger bastard than I thought. It’s bad enough that you cheated on me, came up with some guy named Winter to cover for you, and then killed your whore, but now you’ve ratted a friend of mine to the cops, telling them he’s Winter. What the hell did I ever see in you?”
“A friend? The guy you’ve been screwing for a year while you give me hell because you think I’m doing the same thing? Can you spell hypocrite?”
“Cut the crap. I know this guy professionally.”
“Now you’re buying sex? Too old and wrinkled to attract guys any more?” 
“Fuck you. This has nothing to do with my sexual activities; it’s about falsely accusing an innocent guy of murdering your girl friend, and you know it.”
“I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. Are you boozing again?”
“What do you care? You don’t care about anyone but yourself. My friend is a research chemist, and you told the cops he was Winter. They think he killed your lover. If they charge him, then you’re off Scott-free and can find yourself another desperate broad. You never learn, do you? You hop from bed to bed and expect me to wait for you to come home. But now you kill the bitches when you are tired of them. You must be tired of me too. Should I be afraid?”
“You know I didn’t kill anyone. I explained to you that Winter is a valuable source of information. He’s a patent attorney at Merck, and he knows all the new products they have in the pipeline. Do you know how much that information is worth to Hoffman-La Roche and me? Or are you terminally stupid? Now, why would I call the cops and get Winter involved? Tell me that.”
“I don’t believe for a minute a word you’ve said about Winter. You know why? Because you’re a congenital liar. I Googled your Mr. Winter and found nothing. I checked out Merck on line. Know what? The company doesn’t have anyone named Winter working for them.”
“If you had a brain cell left in your sodden mind, you could have figured out that Tim does contract work for Merck. He isn’t an employee. He talks to me because I’ve promised him patent work for Hoffman. It’s a win for both of us.”
“How about Denise? Did she win?”
“I had nothing to do with Denise. Of course I knew her. Everyone who knows anything about Eckerds knew her. She was a comer in the company.” 
“A comer? Oh, you’re a clever bastard. A friend of mine saw you out with her twice.”
“I had business lunches with her a few times, so what? I take lots of businesswomen out for lunch. That doesn’t mean I sleep with them.”
“Don’t give me that crap. All I want to know is why you lied to the cops about my friend. The poor guy is going nuts because the cops think he murdered your whore. I have a good mind to tell the cops the truth.”
“Go ahead. You know what’ll happen? They’ll find out that I had nothing to do with the woman, much less kill her. But Hoffman will hear about it, and fire me. In six months we won’t be able to buy you booze.”

CHAPTER 9 
Ayn Rand?
Sunday Afternoon
Johnsen sat with his feet on Shard’s desk, staring out the window, when Periwinkle walked in.
“I think the snow is stopping, Norseman. I could walk with my head up this morning. It must be August.”
“I was thinking the same thing, except I think it’s early October, and it’s just starting.”  
“We should have thought about using Shard’s office earlier,” Periwinkle said. “At least on the weekends. We have two chairs and a window in here. This place is plush compared to our cave.” 
“I thought that if we sat in here we might catch the breeze that gives Shard his ideas because right now I’m at a dead end. I’m supposed to tell you what to do next, and I’m not even sure what I’m doing now. Where do we go from here?”
“As Shard says, that’s why the Kaiser pays you the big bucks, so I await your revelations and directions.”
“That’s a big help, tall purple plant. The sad fact is that we have no idea who Tim Winter is, nor can we prove he had anything to do with the murder. We don’t know why the body was dumped in Shard’s garage. We don’t know why Denise flew to Rochester instead of Syracuse. We don’t know why she had Shard’s picture next to her bed. We don’t know for sure why she named her cat Tom. As my beloved Norse forbearers used to say, ‘we don’t know nothing.’”
“I feel better knowing the case is in your capable hands.”
“Maybe we ought to go to Schulyers and sit under Shard’s moose for the rest of the afternoon. Maybe it’ll drop an idea on us,” said Johnsen, suddenly thirsting for a beer.
“I don’t know, my Swede. We’d have to drink several single malts, smoke a pack of unfiltered Camels, and insult O’Reilly until after dinner. Somehow, the boss finds magic in all that.”
“I’m not a Swede, I’m a Norwegian. We conquered your English ancestors. What we really need is to talk to Shard,” Johnsen said, as the phone rang.
“Who?” Johnsen asked.
“No, he isn’t investigating the murder, I am. I’m Sergeant Knut Johnsen. And you are?”
“Tim Winter?” Johnsen and Periwinkle looked at each other. Johnsen hit the speakerphone button, the one Shard didn’t know he had. But then, Johnsen remembered that Shard solved cases without it.
“It’s nice to hear from you, Mr. Winter. We’ve been looking for you.”
“So I heard at the Golden Pot, Sergeant. Paul enlightened me, so, I thought I’d get in touch with you.”
“Paul who?”
“Paul Butler. He told me he talked to you earlier this week about Denise Schmidt’s murder. Said someone told you I spent that weekend with her, and that I might be the last person to see her alive, except the perpetrator, of course. I calculated that I’d better clear up any misperceptions you might have.”
My God, he talks like Shard, Periwinkle thought.
“Were you with her that weekend, Mr. Winter?” asked Johnsen.
“I was. We were in Rochester, at the airport Ramada.”
“What were you doing there, Sir?”
“It doesn’t take an over-active imagination to discern that, Sergeant. You’ve seen the woman and know how attractive she was. We were an item, to put it most properly, and had been for the better part of a year. She was an amazing woman, professionally and personally. Very bright, knew what she wanted, and always achieved her aims. I quite respected her. She was one of the most compelling women I’ve ever met. The news of her death dealt me a heavy personal blow.”
“Let’s back up a little, Mr. Winter. Why were the two of you in Rochester? You booked flights from Vegas to Syracuse. We know that for some reason you changed them in Chicago.”
“Exactly, Sir. We checked the weather in Syracuse, and found it was miserable. We were afraid we’d be diverted and decided to divert ourselves. Frankly, we were also attracted to the notion that no one would know where we were. We found that sexually seductive. Now, Rochester airport has a sterling reputation for remaining open in stormy weather, and we decided to divert there, then rent a car and drive back to Syracuse. We were also influenced by the fact that American had two first-class seats available. No use being more uncomfortable than one has to be in an airplane. We arrived in Rochester and booked a room and a car for two nights. We were snugged in just after nightfall.”
Johnsen and Periwinkle looked quizzically at each other over the desk, as if to ask, ‘snugged in?’
“How long did you two remain in Rochester?”
“I’m afraid I cannot answer that, Sergeant. I can only vouch for my activities, not Denise’s.”
“Could you be a little more precise, Mr. Winter?”
Johnsen realized that he was beginning to talk like this guy.
“Of course, Sergeant. I checked my cell phone on Saturday, about noon, while we were enjoying expresso and bagels and cream cheese in the room. My partner had called to ask if I could hurry home as we had an unanticipated early court appearance on Monday morning. It’s not litigation either of us took lightly. I learned that Syracuse was open, and American proffered a first-class seat that afternoon. I departed Rochester a little after two and was on the ground in Syracuse in time for early tea.”
Periwinkle wondered what time late tea was. Maybe in Syracuse they use each tea bag twice.
“You left Denise at the Ramada?”
“I did. It was snowing pretty heavily, and she was undecided about whether to drive home that afternoon, or wait another day. I eschewed advice, knowing that she would puzzle it out for herself.”
“Did you talk to her after you arrived home?”
“I did not. I left a message on her phone informing her that I had arrived in good repair, but she did not return my call. But then, there was not really any need for her to.”
“What time was that, Sir?”
“Oh, a tad past five, I should think.”
“So, she may have been gone by then?”
“I wouldn’t know that, Sir. She could have been taking a shower, or having a drink in the bar.”
“Did she ever go anywhere without her phone?”
“No. She was wedded to it. She had a plethora of business to attend, even on weekends. We both did.”
“Speaking of that, are you a lawyer, Sir?”
“I am that, indeed, a patent attorney. My expertise is sheparding drug patent applications through the FDA. It’s quite an interesting field with endless peculations that reach into the upper echelons of government and industry, to say nothing of its international ramifications. Endlessly fascinating, I tell you.”
“I’m sure,” said Johnsen. “Lets back up again, Mr. Winter. We have been looking for you for better part of a week and discovered you’re invisible. Apparently you don’t even use a credit card when you travel. Do you pay cash for everything?”
“I do. I don’t own a credit card, Sir.”
“Isn’t that a little odd, Mr. Winter? Especially for a professional man like you?”
“No.”
“You don’t have a driver’s license either.”
“No, I don’t.”
“We can’t find you in the state’s vital statistics.”
“I hope not.”
“You have no police record.”
“No.”
“I could continue, but would you explain why you live like this?”
“Have you read Ayn Rand’s, The Fountainhead, Sergeant?”
“I haven’t. Should I?”
“By all means. It will change your life, and moreover, you will thank me for suggesting it.”
“I’ll make a note of that Mr. Winter. Right now I’m deep into Snorre Sturlason’s Heimskringla. Have you read it?”
“ I have, Sergeant, as a diversion while I was prepping for my bar exam.”
Periwinkle gave Johnsen a thunderous look. The last thing she wanted was to listen a discussion of the sagas with the case’s only suspect. Worse, Johnsen had his cherubic look of sheer pleasure at having found someone who shared his enthusiasm for all things murderous in frigid climes.
“I have noted The Fountainhead, Mr. Winter, but since I have not yet read it, would you enlighten me as to how it explains your peculiarities?”
Good grief, Johnsen thought. There I go again.
“Be glad to, Sir. But first I have to ask whether you are familiar with Gresham’s Law?”
“I can’t say that I am, Sir.”
“Most people are not. But it’s simple. It merely says that, “Bad money drives out good.” Does that make sense, Sergeant?”
“Sorta, Mr. Winter. But how does it explain your lack of credit cards?”
Johnsen glanced out the window and was astonished to see not a flake falling. July has arrived, he thought.
“If you have a pocketful full of valuable currency, and your other pocket is full of a weaker currency, which would you spend first, Sergeant?”
Periwinkle wished that she one pocket full of currency, weak or strong.
“Probably, the weaker money,” said Johnsen.
“Exactly. You’d harbor the more valuable currency because you know it is more likely to retain its value, while the other pocket’s money faces the real possibility of depreciation. Right?”
“Right,” Johnsen said. “Do credit cards depreciate then?”
“No, no. You’ve missed the point. I try to dispense with my cash more liberally because it’s only worthless paper. It has no intrinsic value. I invest my surplus earnings in gold, historically the most valuable specie. Makes sense, yes?”
He obviously doesn’t work for the Kaiser, Periwinkle thought.
“How does this tie in with The Fountainhead?” Johnsen asked.
“The hero of the novel, Howard Roark, points the way to the happy life. The keys are selfishness and remaining true to our principles, not in following the dictates of public opinion, and certainly not those of the corrupt governments that reflect commonplace, transient, public proclivities. Government is the enemy, Sergeant, and consensus is a certain route to mediocrity. Therefore, I avoid dealing with governments at every level. I don’t own a car; therefore, I don’t pay taxes on one, or have to license it, or pay gasoline taxes, or tire-disposal taxes, or tolls, or parking, and all the rest.”
“But how do you get around, Sir?”
“I have a driver. He owns the automobile; thus, he directly pays my taxes. He’s at my beck and call at all hours. Quite a comfortable arrangement, I assure you.”
Periwinkle eased a used envelope out of a pile on Shard’s desk and printed in large letters, “Libertarian?” and turned it around so Johnsen could read it.
“Does all this mean that you are a Libertarian?” Johnsen asked.
“Exactly. It puts me at ease with my conscience. I can assure you, Sir, that I wouldn’t be if I had killed Denise.”
“She was all right when you left on Saturday afternoon?”
“Absolutely. She was vivacious, talkative, happy, and even playful. To tell you the truth, I hated to leave. But I did, and there you have a demonstration of the power of The Fountainhead’s philosophy.”
“Another question, Mr. Winter. Is it true that Hoffman-La Roche paid for your expenses to Vegas and the time you were there?”
“Yes.”
“Are you a lawyer for the company?”
“I have done work for them in the past, but I don’t currently represent them.”
“Why would they give you a free ride then?”
“They didn’t, Sergeant. Ms. Schmidt did. You see, I gave Denise cash to cover my bills, and then she hid me on her expense account and rebated the full amount to me later. She was in the enviable position of approving her own expenses.”
“Is that ethical Mr. Winter?”
“Absolutely, Sergeant. Hoffman-La Roche’s accountants don’t know anything about our arrangement. What makes it so enticing, however, is that she gives me a receipt for my cash, and I write that amount off my taxes as a business expense, thereby doing my bit to starve the beast. The delicious part is that taxpayers foot my expenses, and I have a delightful time all the while. It’s simply marvelous, don’t you think?”
“But how could she hide the fact that she booked two rooms in Vegas? Wouldn’t Hoffman question why she needed two?”
“You have to be clever, Sergeant. She booked a suite, and it just so happened that ours featured two separate rooms with a connecting door. It was perfect because I value private time, and she needed it to conduct her business over the phone and face-to-face, and the taxpayers paid for it all.”
Periwinkle thought, then I pay for his trysts. She frowned at Johnsen, who wondered why she was doing it.
“Do you know a man named Stan Pressman, Mr. Winter?”
“No, can’t say as I do. He must be Jewish. Is he?’
Why did he ask that, Periwinkle wondered. Is he anti-Semitic? Is that another part of the Libertarian creed? What nut cases!
“I don’t know whether he’s Jewish. I never asked him.”
“Well, his name’s not familiar to me.”
“You asked to speak with Lieutenant Shard when you called. How well do you know him?”
“I don’t know him at all. I saw in the newspaper that he was in charge of the case. That’s all. I don’t know a soul in Leyden. I don’t think I’ve ever been up there.”
“Will you categorically confirm that Denise was alive and well when you left the Ramada after lunch on Saturday? “
“I’ve already said that she was. Therefore, I could not have killed her. Think about it Sergeant, why on earth would I want to kill her? She was beautiful and sexy and our relationship was wonderful for both of us. What would be my motive? “
“Did you have an argument with her Saturday morning?”
“We never argued, Sergeant. We were similar adults with similar wants and needs. We had nothing to argue about.”
This guy doesn’t live on my planet, Periwinkle said to herself. Everybody argues.
“Besides, she was a great lover, Sergeant, the best I’ve ever had, and I will probably never see her likes again.”
“Okay,” Johnsen said distractedly, his mind motoring into other channels.
“How did you get from the Ramada to the airport?” he asked.
“Have you ever stayed there, Sergeant? Ramada has a very efficient shuttle service, runs every ten minutes without fail.”
“Did you pay cash for the ride?”
“It’s free. Isn’t it a wonderful world?”
“There is no record that you rode the shuttle, then?”
“No, I just got on. I did tip the driver though. He might remember me.”
“What were you wearing?”
“Charcoal gray cords, light blue shirt, pull-over blue sweater, and a khaki London Fog trench coat.”
How much more generic could he have gotten? Periwinkle asked herself. I bet he wore black wing tips as well.
“With my favorite, well-worn, Florsheim black wing-tips, Sergeant.”
That answers that, Periwinkle thought. 
“Would you mind coming to see us this week? Or, if you prefer, we could come to your office or house to speak with you.”
“You haven’t been listening very closely, Sergeant. You represent the government, that deleterious institution that I avoid. I pay for minions like you and the IRS to meddle in my life and drain me of time and money. Nothing personal, Sir, but I have no intention of voluntarily coming to your station.”
“It’s the sheriff department’s headquarters, Mr. Winter. Okay, in that case we’ll come to see you. Would you prefer we stop at your office or your house?”
“Neither, Sergeant. I don’t maintain an office. I preserve my capital for other pursuits. And my living arrangements are my own business. I don’t own a house, or any property. Nor do I rent.”
“How about a phone number where we can reach you?”
“I don’t have a land-line, and my cell phone is registered in someone else’s name. She pays the fees and monthly federal tax. I don’t disclose the number. But I’ll make this arrangement with you, officer. If anything else occurs to me, I’ll call you. Otherwise, I think our business is concluded. Goodbye.”
Periwinkle and Johnsen stared at each other after Winter hung up.
“What do you make of that?” Johnsen asked.
“You sound just like the boss,” Periwinkle replied. “That’s his favorite question.”
“Well?”
“He’s not our usual suspect, is he? For one thing his vocabulary and sentence structure far surpasses those of our usual clients. He borders on being phony, too phony. There’s something about him that doesn’t ring true, but I can’t put my finger on it.”
“I found myself beginning to imitate the way he talked. Did you notice?”
“Yeah,” she said, “I did. But if it makes you feel any better, I began to think in his cadences. What a strange bird.”
They sat lost in their own thoughts.
“Do you know what really bothers me, Norseman? He told you Paul somebody or other told him about us at the Golden Pot. Now, I remember the other night you mentioned it drew an above average clientele, drinkers who couldn’t get into country clubs. After listening to him, I wonder what he was doing in the Golden Pot. It seemed a downscale watering hole for him.”
“What do you conclude from that?”
“You sound just like Shard again.”
“Sorry.”
“I wonder if Winter really is phony.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, is he really Winter? Nobody can be that invisible. I need to take a short walk, Norseman. I’ll be back in a minute.”
Johnsen wished he smoked. Shard would pass the time while Periwinkle was in the ladies’ room by scaring up a Camel and relaxing.
Periwinkle returned sooner than he expected.
“He really is invisible,” she said. “I didn’t go to the bathroom, I went to our office and checked vital statistics. He may have been born, and his birth may have been recorded, but if so, it wasn’t in New York State. That doesn’t preclude his being born in Delaware or someplace, like Borneo, for example. Furthermore, he didn’t hop a flight on American from Rochester to Syracuse on Saturday afternoon. At least not under the name Winter.”
“Where does this leave us, little flower?” Johnsen asked as he glanced out the window, where he saw big flakes shooting straight down.
“It’s not July yet,” she said.
Sunday afternoon
 “You’re the dumbest son of a bitch in the family. I don’t know how the hell I ever let you in. You shoulda been dumped in a freezer at birth.”
“Come on, Uncle Joe, this ain’t my fault.”
“It ain’t your fault that we got cops up our pants because you can’t handle your business? Bullshit. I do you a favor, and what the hell happens; I’m up to my armpits in your shit. We gotta look clean -- you outta know that by now. How the hell did I let you talk me into the broad in the cop’s bed thing? I shoulda’ just offed the cop. It would have been cleaner. Now the bastard is hell-bent on finding out who killed his lover. Ain’t that sweet.”
“It’s not that bad Uncle Joe.”
“It’s worse Alphie. Why the hell did you let that stupid tub of lard that works for you talk to anybody? You gotta be smart enough to know that none of my boys would call Tiny to ask nothing. You know I don’t got nobody working for me called Spon-something. So, you gotta ask who that guy was. You know who I think it was? That cop with the bed we put the dead broad in, that’s who. The one who came to see me. He ain’t that stupid, Alfie. He tied me to you.”
“We’re okay, Uncle Joe.”
“Convince me, stupid.”
“All we gotta do, Uncle Joe, is get rid of that cop. That’s all. Dump him in the reservoir or down a well or something.’”
“I drink water outta the reservoir, you asshole. I use that water to make my wine, which is a helluva lot better than that crud you serve. I don’t drink no cops. Dump him down a well? Have you looked outside?  Ain’t a well in the state we could find in this snow.”
“I’ll figure out where to dump him, Uncle Joe, if you’ll do the job.”
“You got a short memory Alphie. You ain’t paid me for the dead broad yet. It’s ten big ones, in case you forgot. Cash.”
“I gotta wait ‘til the bank opens tomorrow, Uncle Joe. I ain’t never stiffed you.”
“Better not. You’ll end up in someone’s bed.”
“So, will you do this little job on the cop for me?”
“It’ll cost ya more than the dead broad, Alphie. I don’t like offing cops. I’ll think on it. Jesus Christ, you is stupid.”
Sunday Night
Johnsen watched the snowflakes drift down outside Shard’s office window. Periwinkle watched Johnsen watch. They sat in silence as the grey sky blackened. Their moods were bleak.
“I don’t know where to go from here, little flower. I’m at a complete dead end.”
“This is where the boss would ask whether there is such a thing as an incomplete dead end,” Periwinkle said.
“I suppose, but who cares? I wished he were sitting in this chair instead of me.”
“The boss says that a time comes in every case when he’s stymied as well. We’ll just have to work through it -- he always does.”
“Yeah,” Johnsen said, “but we can’t make our eyes go blank, start talking gibberish, and then suddenly regain consciousness and throw out a good idea.”
“Maybe everything we say is gibberish, Norseman. Our problem is an inability to draw intelligent conclusions from it.”
“You’re starting to talk like our friend Winter. That’s the sort of thing he’d say.”
“Except I suspect he may be smart enough to come up with a brilliant strategy to expose our murderer and do it at government expense.”
“It would be easy for him to do if he killed Denise. Besides, I’m fighting a devastating onslaught of hunger against which I have no innate defenses,” said Johnsen with a big smile.
“Now who sounds like Winter? But, I have an idea, Viking. I took a steak out to thaw this morning, and it’s too big for just me. Want to come over and split it and a bottle of merlot?”
“Would this be a date, little flower? If so, count me in.”
“Not on your life. I’m only trying to invigorate your brain waves through your stomach. I invited you only in the interests of the department, for the sake of the Kaiser’s reelection, and to bring Shard in from exile.”
“It’s not my hulking good looks?”
In front of headquarters, Periwinkle said, “I wish Shard was joining us. He’d make sense out of what we know.”
“We could invite him, you know.”
“Great idea! Then the Kaiser will fire all three of us. Neil would find out where we were and tell Bluder, and we’d all be applying for that Wal Mart greeter’s job.”
“No, I’m serious,” Johnsen said. “Nobody will find out.”
Sunday night
Shard waded through the foot-deep snow towards Periwinkle’s apartment. He’d never been inside it and wondered why she had invited him. He missed her, her beautiful hair, pretty face, and the palaver he and Johnsen enjoyed. Maybe tonight they could put aside the murders and have a pleasant social evening. He hoped she had a fireplace that worked. He’d appreciate a fire, a glass of single malt, and friends’ company.
Periwinkle rented the downstairs apartment in a Victorian pile that always looked to Shard as if it had grown on its lot. With gingerbread ringing the front porch, its corner turret, and stained glass windows on the second floor, it was a house solidly rooted in Leyden’s atmosphere. The light green paint looked darker against the snow, but the contrasting dark green around the windows and on the filigrees looked even more dark. Funny how everything looked different with snow on the ground, he thought.
When Periwinkle opened her door, Shard thought he saw an angel beckoning him in from the cold. Maybe this is what heaven is like, he thought. 
“Thanks for inviting me,” he said, as he shook the flakes off his boiled wool coat on her foyer floor. “I didn’t feel like eating alone at Schuyler’s tonight. By the way, what are we having? I always ask just to be polite.”
“Steak. What else would we feed the Norseman? “
Her apartment was close to what Shard had imagined. The front room was huge, papered in a small flowered pattern with what looked like entwined vines that brought the exterior colors inside. Shard couldn’t guess how many rolls of the paper, which was still in good shape, it took to cover the ten-foot high walls. The dark oak doors still had the porcelain knobs that Shard liked so much. The dining room was almost as big as the front room. Shard guessed Periwinkle could seat twenty people without anyone rubbing elbows. Not at her table though, he noted, which looked as if it’s last home had been an efficiency apartment. Only then did he realize the rooms looked massive because they contained so little furniture.
Periwinkle must have read his mind. “I haven’t had time to buy furniture. On the Kaiser’s salary, it’ll probably be a decade before I can buy a used dining room table that will do justice to the space in here.”
“Everything looks great,” Shard said. “It’s a perfect house in which to sit and have a comfortable chat.”
Johnsen thumped into the dining room with a huge load of firewood.
“Hi, Boss. I know you love fires, and I thought I’d build a huge Norwegian fire to warm our bones and help us digest beef and wine. Periwinkle was told the fireplace works, and I’m out to test it. If the place catches fire, we’re only one door away from safety.” 
“Make yourself comfortable, Boss,” Periwinkle said.  “I’ll put the potatoes in, and thaw another steak. Back in a minute.”
“This is a perfect room, Norseman. It has three chairs, just what we need. I’d put that other log, the bigger one with the huge knot in it, in the back. It’ll make a great back log.”
Johnsen turned and threw him a cold stare.
“Sorry, just trying to be helpful.”
Periwinkle returned with a half an old-fashion glass of single malt and a bottle of merlot. “It probably isn’t as good as what you’re used to drinking, Boss, but Ed told me at his liquor store that it’s far from the worst. Aged ten years, it says so right on the label. That’s a long time. I was only twenty when it was distilled. Most important, it only cost twenty-five bucks.”
“It’s perfect, Periwinkle,” Shard said, as he took a sip.
They sat awkwardly for a few minutes watching Johnsen blow noisily on a few live chips of wood.
 Shard finally broke the silence. “You know that if the Kaiser finds out I’m here, he’ll fire me for certain, and I’m not so sure he won’t can the two of you as well.”
“In that case, Boss, we’ll open a private detective agency and negotiate a profitable consulting contract with the Kaiser.”
“Great idea,” Shard said without enthusiasm. “So, what prompted you to jeopardize your careers and invite a disgraced old cop over?” He softened the self-pity implicit in his remark with a half a smile.
“To be truthful, Boss, the case has us stymied,” Johnsen said. “We have lots of information, but we don’t know where to go from here. We need your advice.”
“But I’m a suspect,” Shard said flatly. “I wouldn’t call in a suspect to tell me how to proceed in a case. He’d send me into a series of cul de sacs.”
“Okay, Boss,” Periwinkle said. “We admit we have no evidence to clear you of suspicion. But you taught us that crimes are always motivated, and we can’t come up with a reason in the world you’d want her dead. More to the point, we know you well and can’t believe that you’d do such a thing, even if you did have a motive. You’re a good man – for a boss.”
 “Thanks.”
Periwinkle and Johnsen went on to smother Shard under the mass of disparate
information they had collected.
He sipped his scotch, stared into the fire, and drank in what they had to say. When they slowed down, he asked, “who is this fellow Winter? What do you know about him? Did you recognize his voice?”
“No, but his syntax was so odd we suspect he may have been disguising it. We don’t know anything about him except what he volunteered. He’s not your normal suspect, or citizen for that matter,” Periwinkle said.
“Sounds like it,” Shard said absent-mindedly, as he listened to the tid-bits they continued to feed him.
When they finished, they looked at him expectantly, but he was staring into the fire.
“You wouldn’t happen to have a couple more fingers of this fine potation that tastes like Jura to me, would you?” he asked Periwinkle, who looked disappointed that Shard hadn’t said something more pertinent.
When she returned, Shard said, “Okay, let me tell you what I have,” and explained his theory about the Albany mob.
When he finished, Periwinkle asked, “are you saying that we have two bodies, one in Lyons and one here?”
“That’s exactly what I’m saying,” he replied, without taking his eyes off the fire or putting his scotch down. “But I am beginning to think that they are like a pair of legs.”
Johnsen and Periwinkle gave each other quizzical looks. “Legs, Boss? I don’t understand,” she said.
“Sure you do,” Shard said. “Legs come together; they meet eventually. We have to discover that point.”
Periwinkle wondered if his mind hadn’t slipped into the gutter, but she was reassured by his blank stare. He was mentally somewhere else, wandering around in foreign precincts looking for landmarks. They waited. Long ago they had learned not to interrupt Shard’s mental meanderings. He always returned, usually with a pearl.
“I wonder if Earl Hacon killed his son?” he said unexpectedly. “Do you know, Norseman?”
“ The Heimskringla doesn’t say, Boss, only that he didn’t like him.”
“Bet he killed him,” Shard said into his scotch glass. “The upshot of his earlier passion for the kid’s mother. Sex does this. Its repercussions often don’t surface until years later, but when they do….”
Shard continued to stare into the dregs of his Jura as he watched the last of the ice cube melt away.
He finally opined, “you have a lot of sex in this case, too much I’d wager. Somewhere it went wrong – twice me thinks.”
“We’ve noted this too, Boss, but sex doesn’t always have to go wrong, does it?” Periwinkle asked.
“No, but when it does, watch out.”
“Are you saying that the other leg, the Lyons’ killing, was also a crime of passion or maybe revenge?” Johnsen asked.
“The fact that someone planted her body in the cop’s bed would indicate such. The Rochester state trooper didn’t have much information on this though. Wished I knew.”
“What to do about it is another question entirely,” Shard continued. “If Hacon killed his son, who would protest? His mother? Was she still alive? If he did kill the boy, was the motive to insure that the child would never challenge his father’s power? Sex is always about power, isn’t it? Domination? Force? Even the positions symbolize that. Who’s on top, sorta thing. Who initiates it? Who enjoys it? Who loses? Doesn’t one of the partners often lose? Unintended pregnancies, diseases, roughness, pain, jealousies, whatever.  Look what we have here, two murdered women. And I’ll bet men killed them.”
Periwinkle and Johnsen listened intently as Shard spouted a random, almost disconnected series of thoughts, knowing that eventually he’d pull them together. But he was taking longer than usual; he seemed mesmerized by the fire’s dancing flames.
Periwinkle toyed with the notion that Shard might be talking about his own sexual history. She idly wondered about his relationship with Ellen. Was it full of pain and jealousy? Who was the loser? Was there one? The crucial question remained, however, of the nature of his relationship with Denise during college and as recently as two or three years ago. Would Shard kill her for some perceived hurt? And then put her body in his car? She decided that he would never be stupid enough to plant her body on his property – unless it was somehow symbolic to him. 
She was brought back to reality when Shard continued his mulling.
“Johnsen, do you think that Hacon feared that the boy wasn’t really his son? That maybe someone else fouled his nest and an heir to his earldom was an interloper? Something like the cowbird.”
Johnsen looked at Periwinkle who was nursing her merlot and mouthed, the cowbird?
She shrugged.
“The Heimskringla doesn’t mention anything about that, Boss. So, I don’t know.”
“A man is never sure, you know,” Shard said absent-mindedly.
Periwinkle wondered if he had an unheralded heir hidden in his past. Maybe a baby he had with Denise? That would be a startling revelation, she thought, one she hoped wasn’t true.
“That’s our problem,” Shard continued. “We have too many couplings, too many possibilities for hurt and anger, but one must have been deep enough to tip one of the lovers to murder. We have a married couple, for example, both of whom are sleeping with somebody else. That’s dangerous. We have to untangle the sexual threads.”
“But what about the Albany mob, Boss? They don’t have a sexual interest in this,” Johnsen said.
“Maybe not, maybe so, Norseman. Look where they left one of the bodies. What’s more sexual than a bed? Look at the two victims. One was having an affair; the other’s ex-husband was shacked up at the moment the police think she was strangled. Is there a connection between Ellen’s ex, and any of Denise’s partners? Is this where the Winter fellow fits in? He admits to having an affair with Denise. Did he also have one with Ellen? Is one of the bedded suspects a cowbird? Interesting. Now, widen this. Did the mob try to kill my Ellen twice because they suspected that we were having an affair, so her murder would hurt me all the more? Or did my alleged affair threaten someone’s peace of mind? Just by sheer happenstance did someone kill two women who might have shared some tangential sexual experiences? I don’t believe in such happenstances. There is a powerful motive here, and I think it’s sexual with strong overtones of gaining or maintaining power – like Hacon. There you have it.”
Periwinkle and Johnsen sat slack-jawed as Shard concluded his trip into wherever.
“That’s all interesting, Boss, but it doesn’t tell us where we go from here. In fact I’m more confused than when you started,” Periwinkle said.
“You’re investigating Denise’s murder,” Shard said. “I’d lay out a schematic with all the possible partners on it and cross hatch the couplings we know about. That guy Pressman, for example, has an unwanted child somewhere. What about the others: Pressman’s lover, her husband, apparently, his wife, whatever her name is, Denise, Winter, Ellen, her ex, and anyone else on your radar screen? I can tell you that my Ellen has one daughter with her late husband, and I know of know of no others. Ditto for me. Such a possibility would be miniscule to nonexistent.”
“Pressman let slip that his lover’s husband is some guy named Bradley something,” Periwinkle said. “That doesn’t help us much though, but at least it’s a name.”
“It might be useful if one of Denise’s lovers, or even her ex-husband, killed her,” Johnsen said. “But I don’t see where your friends in Albany fit into this. If they killed Denise to get back at you, then under your theory, they must believe that you once had a romantic interest in her.”
“That could be true,” Shard said. “And it bothers me, but it may only mean that the legs meet up higher than I thought. Way up. A lover with something against me contracts to kill his lover and tries to pin the murder on his old enemy?” Hell, I don’t know. All the pieces don’t fit together neatly yet, but they will. Look at it this way guys we’ve narrowed the suspects down. My instinct tells me the murderer or murderers will be on that schematic. Once we uncover the motive, we’ve solved it. Boy am I starving. Thinking is hard work.”
“Come on into the kitchen, and have another drink while I make a reduced wine sauce for the steaks. The potatoes should be ready. I made the coleslaw earlier,” Periwinkle said.
After they finished eating, they watched the fire die down as they sipped brandy and reminisced about old times and old cases. Shard finally roused himself and said, “it’s time for an old man to go, kids. Thanks for a warm evening. I needed this. Remember, not a word to the Kaiser, or we’ll all be out on the street. Good luck with the case, and I promise I’ll slip you any new information that crosses my ken. Night.”


CHAPTER 10 
Gunshots?
Sunday night
The sinking temperatures shrank the snowflakes. They danced, glinting in the streetlights’ glow, seeming never to reach the ground. God has created year round flakes for Leyden, Shard thought. He envisioned people from all over wearing snowshoes when they visited Leyden for its Fourth of July parade. 
He stood on Periwinkle’s front porch and zipped up his jacket. It was a quarter inch thick, warm even on the coldest days. Its flaking leather cuffs made it look like it had a bad case of leprosy.
He pulled on his gloves as he walked down Periwinkle’s walk between snow banks that reached almost up to his chest. “I wonder who shovels her….?” He started to say to himself, but was interrupted by a thunderous, POP!
A jumble of thoughts swirled through his mind: gunshot, close, from my right, no gun, shit!
Shard leapt head first over the pile of snow to his left, which was hard as ice, and slid down the opposite side. His head smashed into something solid, sending flashing lights flaring across his eyes. An excruciating pain shot down the back of his head and spine. He feared he’d broken his neck and was on the verge of passing out. He did neither. “Hell, I’ve smashed my head on Periwinkle’s car,” he whispered, just as he realized that his black coat and blue jeans made him a perfect target against the snow.  
He heard Periwinkle shout, “what the hell is going on out here?”         
Shard didn’t respond.
As if to punctuate her question, another loud POP! resounded. The bullet ricocheted off the frozen car, just above his head, and hit him behind his left ear. The hurt was instant and excruciating, but he reasoned that since he could feel it all the way down his spine, he couldn’t be paralyzed.
“You son of a bitch, you’ve shot my car. What the hell’s wrong with you?” Periwinkle yelled at a crouched figure up the street running towards her house.
She turned around and said as softly as possible, “Norseman! Bring me my pistol. In my purse on the kitchen table.” 
While she watched the man in the street, she realized she was fully exposed in the lighted doorway. She quickly stepped back and pushed the door almost closed, leaving only a couple of inches through which to watch him. 
Lying on his stomach and writhing in pain, Shard attacked the snow packed under the car to make a space big enough to wiggle into. The effort ripped at his frozen fingers, even with his gloves on, that made it difficult for him to grip the hunks of icy snow. His ears rang like the bells of St. Florian’s Catholic Church, and the pains in his back coursed from his head to his buttocks.
As he dug, his thoughts fired in strange directions. Miserable way to die, face down under a car. Trapped and defenseless. Helluva dectective. Knocked off my last case. Clueless about who’s out there trying to kill me and why. Obit will cast suspicions about Denise and me. No reminder that I’d solved ninety percent of my murder cases. No wife. No children. Couldn’t even keep the woman I lived with in Albany. She ran off. Strange little English car that was the laughingstock of Leyden. Two colleagues whom I respected and loved. They might remember me fondly. Oh yeah, Ellen. Given a few more years, she might have married an old, broken down cop.
Can the self-pity he admonished himself, as he intensified his struggle to wedge himself further under the car.
Through the crack in the door, Periwinkle watched the man raise his rifle and take aim. He had to have seen her, she thought, but he concentrated on the mound of snow between her walk and car. She guessed that Shard must be buried somewhere in there.
POP! Periwinkle didn’t hear a peep from Shard. She fervently hoped his silence meant simply that he didn’t want to reveal his location. 
She felt Johnsen touch her shoulder, and he handed her the pistol. She slid the safety off, and peered through the crack.
“Stop!” she shouted. “Police. Drop your rifle.”
The man rose to his full height, and Periwinkle saw that he was big, as big as the Norseman. He swung in her direction and fired a round that struck her doorbell and rang the chimes.
She eased her pistol into the narrow space between the door and the jam, and squeezed off two shots. They didn’t faze him. POP! He fired at her again, smashing the thick oaken door.
Periwinkle peeked out and saw the gunman running away. She stepped out on the porch, and fired the rest of her clip at him. He was soon out of sight.
She and Johnsen ran down the walk. With his height advantage, Johnsen saw Shard first, or at least half of him. He had wedged the other half of his body under Periwinkle’s car.
“Are you all right, Boss?” he called, and immediately felt stupid. 
“Yeah, except for the knot on my head, the ringing in my ears, my smarting back, and my frozen carcass. The next time, Periwinkle, buy a car with more ground clearance. A Norwegian elf couldn’t get under this damned thing. Is the guy gone?”
“He ran away. I don’t think I hit him, but I must have scared the hell out of him. Come back in and get warm,” she said.
Johnsen pulled Shard from under the car and helped him to his feet.
“God, did I whack my head on the side of your car,” Shard said, as he examined the door to see if the bullet left a hole. He couldn’t find it if it did.
“We have to get Ken and his tribe out here to find the bullets,” he said.
Inside, Periwinkle brought Shard four fingers of Jura. “This is purely medicinal, Boss. You need it.”
“Thanks. Did you get a look at the shooter?” he asked.
“It was too dark, but I can tell you the guy looked bigger than Norseman. I couldn’t make out much else.”
“The only guy I know who dwarfs Norseman,” he said, “works for Joe Iorio as an enforcer. But why would Iorio want me dead? He’s got me pulled from the case and then demanded the Kaiser fire me. That isn’t enough?” 
“Speaking of the Kaiser, Boss, I fired nine shots at the guy, and he got what? At least three off at you? The neighbors must be lighting up the headquarters’ switchboard. We have to report these shootings.”
“Damn,” Shard said. “Okay, bring me the phone.”
“Neil? Lieutenant Shard. Someone just tried to kill me. I’m okay. I’m at….”
“Glad you’re all right, Lieutenant. I know where you are. You’ve been there for a couple of hours. I’ve had a half a dozen calls about the gunshots, and have called for a car.”
“How did you know I was here?”
“Miss Perrin saw you walk up on Sergeant Periwinkle’s porch tonight. She called to tell the sheriff that she thought it was sweet that you were taking an interest in Sergeant Periwinkle. The sheriff wasn’t here, but I promised I’d tell him.”
“You didn’t, did you?” Shard asked.
“No, Sir.”
“Well, please don’t.”
Shard hung up. “Neil knew I was here. Maybe that’s how Bluder always knows where we are. Miss Perrin calls every day to report on us. Geez, what a town,” Shard said.
“Before the uniforms get here, Boss, we’d better come up with a story the Kaiser will buy,” Johnsen said.
“More important, Norseman, Bluder has to buy it first. How about the truth? We got together for a social dinner.”
“How many times have we done that, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
“Never in my memory. Okay, how about I was here to – “and Shard paused trying to come up with something plausible. 
“Drink all my single malt?” Periwinkle suggested.
“Get shot?” Johnsen asked with a smile.
Sunday night
 “Get serious,” Shard said. “The Kaiser is going to kill us when he finds out. He’s already warned me twice, and the last time he was hopping mad.”
 “He’s not going to believe any explanation we concoct,” Periwinkle said. “He knows we were comparing case notes.”
“Our colleagues are going to be here in a minute,” said Shard. “Norseman, what would your ancestors have done in this situation?”
“They would have murdered the police who responded and run like hell, Boss. Unless, of course, the cops were female. Then, they would have turned on their considerable charm, and in return for their favors, pledged the women to secrecy.”
“You’re hopeless, Johnsen,” Periwinkle said.
“You guys are a big help. We’re left with nothing but the truth. Perhaps the Kaiser will take pity on us when he hears that someone tried to kill me. What do you think?”
“Maybe. Then again he may think that your partner in crime is trying to eliminate a witness.”
“You can’t believe…?” Shard was interrupted by a loud knock on the front door.
“The guy must have iron knuckles,” Periwinkle said, as she went to open it.
“What happened to your doorbell?” Deputy Polk asked. “It looks like someone blasted it out of your wall. He must have been a good shot. Never seen anything like that. I guess it don’t work any more.”
“No it doesn’t, Deputy Polk, but come in anyway.”
“Deputy Ricci is with me, Sergeant. He’s trying to lock the patrol car’s doors, but they’s all frozen.”
Henry Polk was the department’s newest hire. Shard had had reservations about his youthfulness, lack of experience, and grammar. But after working with him for a few months, he’d come to admire the kid’s honesty and tenacity. Besides, with his blonde, almost white hair, startling blue eyes, and light complexion, he was strikingly good looking. He presented a pleasant face to the community. If he could clean up his grammar, Shard thought, he might have a pretty good career in law enforcement. And if he took off his overshoes before he tramped snow all over Periwinkle’s rugs, he might live to do it.
“Would you leave your boots in the foyer, Deputy Polk?” Periwinkle must have read his mind.
“What happened here tonight, Lieutenant? Neil said someone shot at you.”
“That’s pretty much what happened, Polk.”
“Would you take your boots off, Deputy Ricci,” Periwinkle asked before he walked in.
“We need new patrol cars, Lieutenant,” Ricci said. “We’ve had trouble all winter locking their doors, and you know the regulations say we….”
“I know, Deputy,” Shard said. “Just keep trying. Now, I want to tell you guys what happened,” and he proceeded to do just that.
“Boy, you was lucky,” Polk said. “You really was.”
“I agree, and here’s what I want you two to do. Polk, put your boots on and go down the street to your right. Try not to step on any footprints in the snow and look for spent shells and blood. If you find footprints, measure them and draw a diagram of their sole design. Got that?”
“Yes, Sir. But I don’t have any paper, and I lost my pencil earlier tonight.”
“How’d you plan to write a ticket?” Johnsen asked.
“I’ll borrow one from the guy I was going to ticket.”
“Right,” Shard said. “Periwinkle, get him a pencil and a piece of paper.”
“How am I supposed to measure the footprint, Lieutenant?”
“And a ruler, Periwinkle.”
Shard drank a large slug of his Scotch and fought to keep a look of disgust off his face.
“Ricci, my man,” Shard said. “You need to put your boots back on too, and search through the snow on this side of Sergeant Periwinkle’s car to look for any of the three slugs the guy fired at me. Take your flashlight and look for suspicious holes in the snow.”
When they had left, Periwinkle said, “we don’t need to fabricate a story for these guys. We’ve focused their attention on taking off and putting on their boots.”
 “Borrow a pencil from a motorist so you can write him a ticket?” Johnsen asked. “That kind of stuff will kill the Kaiser’s reelection chances.”
“All the cars have tape measures to measure skid marks and accident scenarios,” Shard said. “Someone should reintroduce Polk to his car’s contents. I did it a couple of months ago. I guess he’s forgotten.”
“Periwinkle’s description of the shooter fits Iorio’s goon,” Shard continued, changing the subject.  “He has the meanest eyes in Christendom. We were never formally introduced, but Iorio called him Sam when he ordered him to throw me out. Now, what Italian mother would name her son Sam? And, I guarantee you he’s Italian. But I digress. If it was Sam,” Shard took another snort of Jura, ”why was he here? I’m sure he was trying to kill me, not you guys. By the way, Periwinkle, you wouldn’t happen to have a little more of this medicinal tonic, would you? It works wonders. I feel better already. Maybe five fingers this time? But I digress again. The sixty-four thousand dollar question is, who sent him? Forgive another cliché, please. But guys, remember this is only one of the two legs. Where does it meet the other one, the Winter one, or whoever? That’s the key to us solving the case.”
“Us, Boss?” Periwinkle asked. “I don’t think the Kaiser will buy that. Worse, although I value your thoughts on the two legged Hacon theory, you’ve gone beyond our abilities to translate your musings.”
“Don’t feel bad, Periwinkle, I’m beyond them as well. But everything will become crystal clear -- if Sam doesn’t kill me first.”
“You know, Boss, you should carry your pistol,” Johnsen said. “You needed it tonight.”
“But my .38 must weigh five pounds, or more, and it’s cumbersome.” 
“Great advice, Norseman, but where was yours when we needed it a moment ago?” Periwinkle asked.
“At home. I didn’t think I’d need it tonight,” Johnsen said, as Polk came into the foyer.
“Boots, Deputy Polk,” Periwinkle said.
“Yes, ma’am. I got what you wanted, Lieutenant. I found spots of blood, one bullet casing, and footprints. I drew a picture of them. This guy is big, Lieutenant. His foot’s longer than the ruler! So I laid the ruler down and marked its end and then moved it up. Guess, how long?”
“Eighty-three inches,” Johnsen said, with a smile.
“Not that long, Sergeant. Sixteen inches. I wonder what size that is?”
“I’d bet somewhere near size 16,” Johnsen said, “and if it is, his foot’s bigger than mine.”
“Right,” Shard said. “And where do you buy your size fifteens?”
“There are several mail order stores that cater to real men like me. I use an outfit in New York City. I can get you its catalogue.”
“That’s exactly my point,” Shard said.
“Your point, Boss?” 
“It ought to be easy to find out where Sam buys his shoes.”
“What do we have then?” Periwinkle asked.
“His last name?” Shard said. “With your technical expertise, we’ll find out everything about him.”
“Good point, Boss,” Johnsen said. “Do you think Hacon had big feet?”
“I don’t know Norseman, that’s your bailiwick,” Shard said. “But blood is mine.”
Periwinkle and Johnsen looked puzzled.
“Polk found traces of blood. When Karl gets here, have him scoop the stuff up and send it to the state police lab in Syracuse to get it typed. Then, if we can put a name to Sam, we can compare his blood and his rifle’s signature pattern, and we’ll have him nailed.”
Ricci came in, and said, “Don’t worry, Sergeant, I’ll take them off. My old lady makes me take them off at home too.”
Periwinkle winced. She couldn’t imagine being married to a man who called her the old lady. 
“Found one slug, Lieutenant. Bored straight into the snow bank, like a wormhole or something. I just followed the hole, and there it was.”
Johnsen put the lead slug in a sandwich bag Periwinkle provided. 
“Good work, Ricci. The rifling marks could help identify the rifle if we ever find it. This looks like one of the slugs that didn’t hit Periwinkle’s car. It’s in pretty good shape. That’ll be a help.”
“We’ll write this up and give the sheriff a copy,” Ricci said. “Are we done here?”
“Yes, thanks,” Shard said. “Be sure to take your boots with you.”
After they left, Periwinkle said, “they didn’t ask why we were together tonight.”
“No, but the Kaiser will grill me the first thing in the morning,” Shard said. “And it just occurred to me that I should call Ellen, but I don’t think I’ll do it tonight. Don’t want to scare her. What do you think?”
“I agree,” said Periwinkle.
Sunday night
 “Sam blew it tonight, Alphie. Turned out your cop was in a house full of cops, and all of them had guns. Sam got off a few shots, but the cop’s friends started shooting at him, and he had to get the hell out of there. The bad part is that one of them got Sam in the shoulder, his right one, and the poor bastard’s right handed. A doctor friend is looking at it. We don’t want no hospital record.”
“This cop must have seven lives, like a cat, Uncle Joe. What are you goin’ to do now?”
“Me? This ain’t my fight, you loony bastard. But since I took your dough, I gotta hold up my end. I can’t use Sam for a while, and he’s my best shot, a Marine sniper you know. Does it with a .22 rifle. That’s a damn squirrel gun. He don’t usually miss. Just screwed up tonight, I guess. I’ll talk to him when Doc gets done. So I’ll have to send one of the other boys up in the sticks to finish the job. The damned cop can’t live forever. He ain’t no cat.”
“But he knows we’re after him. He ain’t that stupid. He’s going to be harder to get.”
“Everybody’s got habits Alphie. Makes ‘em easy to find, and I got good boys. Maybe after they get him, they can put him in some broad’s bed. Wouldn’t that be the nuts?”
Monday morning
Shard came downstairs to put the coffee on. Because the huge flakes of snow obscured the view from his window, he knew it had warmed up during the night. He went out to the mudroom, rifled his mother’s bag of clothespins, and came up with a fresh Camel. He poured his coffee before the pot was finished and took his cup and smoke outside under the overhang to watch the fluffy snowflakes pirouette. He stood thinking in the silence.
He’d rather go to the dentist than face the Kaiser this morning, he decided. The only question was whether the sheriff would do it before or after he fired him. Then Shard would have to beg for a letter of recommendation so he could get a job as a night watchman at the paper mill. Even worse the mobsters were trying to kill him, and he was a prime suspect in Denise’s murder. The incongruity of that suddenly struck him. If they could pin Denise’s murder on him, or get him fired, they would have nothing to worry about. Why kill him? They’re usually chary about killing cops. Nothing on that leg fit. Worse, he couldn’t fathom where the two legs intersected. 
His office felt empty and cold. Even its clutter had been around so long it had become familiar. He picked up his desk lamp, turned it over, and slid a Camel out. He sat down and waited for the Kaiser’s call.
It came too soon. “Be right up,” he assured Bluder, and finished his smoke.
He didn’t even try to humor her. He could tell from her warden’s facial expression and body language that she wasn’t in the mood. That meant the Kaiser wasn’t either. 
“Go in, Lieutenant, the sheriff’s waiting.” He found it disconcerting that she was looking at the wall over his head when she said it. 
The Kaiser was planted in his custom built, oversized, chair, entwined fingers lying on his glandular protuberance. They were twitching, so was his mustache, Shard noticed. Never a good sign.
“Good morning, Sir,” He said cheerily.
“Sit down, Lieutenant.” Neither of them mentioned the weather. Another bad sign.
“I’m told that somebody shot at you last night, as you were leaving Sergeant Periwinkle’s house. Johnsen was there as well. Does that mean you were once again disobeying my direct orders to stay away from the case? Please tell me, Lieutenant.”
“Not exactly, Sir. You see, I suggested we get together to shake the winter blues with a friendly dinner. Periwinkle had a refrigerator full of rib eyes and a bottle of Jura single malt. None of us could resist. She made an exquisite reduced butter and red wine sauce and sizzled the steaks for the shortest time to serve them wonderfully rare. A terrific dinner, Sir. We needed something like that.”
“You expect me to believe that, Lieutenant?”
“It’s the truth, Sir.”
“Not quite. I happen to know that you didn’t suggest the dinner, and I strongly suspect that you discussed the case with them. Knowing your working relationships, I also strongly suspect that you offered suggestions on how to proceed. The food, which I admit sounds tantalizing, was only the appetizer for the real reason for the get-together. That didn’t work for two reasons: I already knew you were there, and then someone shot up the neighborhood. Everybody on the street called here. And then Polk and Ricci turned in their report this morning. If you tried to go behind my back, you bungled it, Lieutenant. And I don’t mind saying I don’t like it a bit. In fact, I’m damned angry. I run this department, not you.”
“Here’s my problem, Sir. Someone is trying to kill me, and I can’t do much about it because I’m not privy to the information they’ve collected on the Sizemore murder. I think that Spinello’s brother-in-law in Utica sent his goon to kill my friend in Buffalo, but got the wrong woman. I also suspect he’s the one who sent the same shooter to get me. That tells me, Sir, that I’m getting close, too close.”
“You didn’t answer my question, Lieutenant. Did you deliberately disobey me or not?”
“No Sir, I didn’t. If you let me finish, I think you’ll understand,” and related the details of the second murder. I found out from a state police friend in Rochester that there was a second murder related to Sizemore’s death. “My fear is that Iorio’s thugs have screwed up twice, so they’ve decided to forgo trying again, and instead, kill me.”
“You still haven’t answered me." 
“I’m that close,” Shard held his thumb and forefinger up about a half an inch apart, “to solving this thing, Sir.” 
“Are you ever going to answer my question, Lieutenant, or do I just can you without waiting?”
“I’m trying to explain, Sir. There are two cases here. I need all the information I can get, Sir, to save my own skin; I’m a sitting duck.” 
Shard didn’t even wince at his cliché. 
“I must protect myself. The simple fact, Sir, is that Periwinkle and Johnsen are stymied. All I’m trying to do is make sense of this, and clear the case for you.”
“By disobeying me?”
“No, Sir. I’m not trying to horn in on their case.” God another one, Shard thought.
 “I only offered advice on what I would do. I’m not telling them what to do. So, you see, Sir, I didn’t disobey you. I’m helping the department.”
Even Shard couldn’t see much logic in his assertion, but he hoped that the Kaiser could find some.
“Really, Lieutenant? I told you to stay away from the case. They’re perfectly capable of unraveling it. I have faith in them. It’s you I’ve lost faith in. If I can’t control my department, I ought to lose the election. It’s obvious to me that you’ve become a rogue officer, Lieutenant. What would you do if you were in my place?”
Shard saw the Kaiser was so angry that his face was florid. He feared he was on the verge of a stroke or heart attack.
“You know that I would never disobey you.”
“Maybe, but I’m not sure you know the meaning of the word, Lieutenant. I ordered you to stay away from the case. Did you?”
“The case came to me, Sir. The case tried to kill me last night. The case left a body in my carriage house. I can’t duck the case. We have two murders only because someone has it in for me. How else to explain that we found my photo next to Sizemore’s bed, an ashtray full of unfiltered Camel butts in her otherwise pristine living room, and her cat named Tom. Why is someone trying to kill my friend Ellen in Buffalo?  Why was Denise put in my carriage house? Why the similarity in all the names? As an aside, I found all this out before you took me off the case. So, you see Sir, it’s impossible for me to stay completely away from the case; I am the case. Still, I’ve tried to comply with the letter of your order, and I think I have succeeded.”
“Hokum.”
“I beg your pardon, Sir?”
“Hokum, Lieutenant. What you’ve done is to cleverly work all the gray areas around my instructions in attempt to keep your job. Am I right?”
“I have only tried to protect my life, Sir, and clear my name.”
“Ah, now, we finally get to the bottom of this, Lieutenant. I took you off the case because you were too close to Ms. Sizemore.”
“I admit, Sir, that we were romantically involved for a short time at college, twenty years ago. Since then I haven’t kept up with her. And I forgot that I brought her to your ball. I had no reason to kill her, Sir, and I certainly wouldn’t have dumped her body in my carriage house if I had.”
“Maybe, maybe not.” The Kaiser’s eyes wandered around his office, as if in a daze. His fingers moved slowly and deliberately. 
“But I can’t believe you didn’t remember bringing a woman that beautiful to my dance, although you are a bit of a strange bird.”
“I’ll accept that, Sir, but I’m very close to solving all this. I need a little help and more time. That’s all.”
The Kaiser stopped twiddling his fingers and looked to Abe Lincoln’s portrait directly in front of his desk. Shard pulled for Honest Abe to take his side. He’d done it before, often enough to almost make Shard want to become a Republican. He also noticed that the Kaiser’s face had almost returned to its normal color. Shard remained silent. He sensed that with the sixteenth president’s help, things were turning his way.
“Every fiber in my body screams that I ought to fire you, Lieutenant. If you were anyone else, you’d have been gone last week. You’ve done nothing but disobey me from the minute I took you off the case, and I can assure you it makes me so damned mad I could spit.”
Shard couldn’t picture the sheriff spitting, not in an election year.
“ I realize that, Sir, but there are extenuating circumstances here. I need your help to stay alive.”
The Kaiser’s gaze remained glued on Abe’s face. His entire body was absolutely still. Finally, he said, “I admit the attempt on your life last night changes things somewhat, Lieutenant. I can’t have people shooting my officers. So, here’s what I’ll do. You go back on the case, but not as lead investigator. Johnsen will continue in that role. But I can’t have a sergeant giving orders to a lieutenant, so you will be an unofficial advisor. I can’t go back on my public announcement that you are no longer the responsible officer because it would make me look weak and indecisive, and I can’t have that, not this year. Among other things, Lieutenant, you’re a huge public relations headache. So, talk to Periwinkle and Johnsen and work something out. Do you understand?”
“Yes, Sir. I think that will work. Thank you.”
“You’re just lucky I have Abe.”
Monday morning
Shard stomped the snow off his boots when he entered headquarters after a celebratory Camel at his favorite lamppost.
“Hi, Neil.” 
“I hear you met with the sheriff this morning, Sir.”
“Yup.”
“Well, the rumors are that you’re in trouble. Is that true, Sir?”
“Nope.”
Neil waited for an explanation, and when it wasn’t forthcoming, said, “glad to hear it, Lieutenant.”
That ought to set the rumor mill grinding, Shard thought, as he headed towards his sergeants’ cubbyhole.
“Morning, guys,” he said cheerfully.
“For a guy who was almost killed last night and just returned from a bruising round with the Kaiser, you’re in a pretty good mood,” Periwinkle said.
‘It wasn’t so bad.”
“Oh,” she said.
“He put me back on the case.”
The two sat in their chairs with half stunned looks.
“The rumor was that he was going to fire you,” Johnsen said. “Everybody’s talking about it this morning.”
“Quite the opposite, Norseman, quite the opposite. Now, we have to work out a couple of administrative details. First of all, Norseman, you’re still the lead investigator.”
“Does that mean you work for me?” Johnsen asked incredulously.
“Nope. The Kaiser doesn’t want a lieutenant working under a sergeant. He was very clear about that.”
“Who do you work for then?” asked Johnsen.
“The Kaiser, but I’m detailed to you guys as an advisor. I’ll help you, make suggestions and so forth, but you’re under no obligation to follow them.”
“Yeah, sure, Boss,” Johnsen said.
“No, I’m serious. You won’t hurt my feelings if you don’t. Much.”
“This isn’t going to be easy, Boss,” Periwinkle said. “It’s not the way we usually work. It might make things a little tense once in a while.”
“Maybe, but look at the alternatives. I get fired. I get killed. You guys never find out who killed Denise. The Kaiser isn’t reelected because he can’t solve murders. You’re working nights at the Handy Pantry. We’re adults. We work well together. Let’s just be honest and forthright with each other, and we’ll get along fine.”
“Now, this is what we’re going to do today,” Shard said.
They both looked at him with big eyes. “Boss!” Periwinkle said.
“Just kidding, guys. I still think that this case is sexual in nature, and we need a schematic of who slept with whom. I can’t keep them straight.”
“Way ahead of you, as usual, Boss,” Periwinkle said. “I started on it last night after you guys left, and finished it this morning. I even made copies for you. They’re a little on the light side, but Bluder won’t let us put new toner in the copier until it runs out completely. It’s been going to run out for six weeks.”
She handed Shard a sheet of paper. 
Denise Sizemore(divorced)_______Winter (unmarried)// or somebody//or several unknown men
Mr. Sizemore (divorced) ______no known affairs – not a suspect
Stan Pressman (married___________Mrs. X (married to Bradley)
_________Illegitimate child from earlier affair/different woman
Mrs. Pressman (Mrs. Y//married________no known affairs/in Syracuse with children
Shard (single)_________Ellen Misch (widow/rumored)Denise Sizemore (single/ rumored/ years ago)
Mr. Manseur (divorced)__________Ms.Z (name and marital status unknown)
Mrs. Ellen Manseur (married)_________ dead in Thomas Sharpe’s bed
Thomas Sharpe (single)_________No known affairs
Jarl Hacon________affair with unknown country girl/with issue
“What do you mean it’s rumored that I’ve had affairs with two of the women involved in the case? Rumored by whom?” 
“Everyone, I suppose,” Periwinkle said, after a moment’s hesitation. “Only you know the truth, and I’m not going to ask. But it may be pertinent, Boss. You realize that, don’t you?”
Shard stared at the page. “You know what’s interesting about this? If the rumors about me and the two women are true, and I’m not saying they are, because a gentleman never talks, it means that there’s a real intertwining here. If I slept with Denise, and she slept with Winter and, say, Bradley, then I’m connected to Bradley’s wife, and therefore Mr. and Mrs. Pressman, the mother of Pressman’s illegitimate child, Denise’s ex-husband, and God only knows whom else. I’m separated from the Manseurs and, of course, Jarl Hacon. But, before you laugh, Norseman, may I point out that you may carry his DNA. That would make the chart a nearly perfect intertwining.”
”I hope that’s a joke, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“Yeah. But another fact strikes me. Why don’t we know these women’s names? Don’t you find that odd?”
“Now that you mention it, yes,” Periwinkle said. “But I might be able to find them in the marriage records, although Pressman refused to give us the name of his paramour. Apparently, he’s a gentleman too.”
“It’s probably not terribly important, but why don’t you check on those names?” Shard asked. “If you want to, I mean. No hurry.”
“I’ll make an note of it, Boss.”
“We also need the ballistic reports on the bullets fired last night, and the chemical analysis of the blood Polk found in the street. It’ll be more useful later than now, but it’ll be handy to have.”
“I’ve already sent the blood samples down to Syracuse, Boss,” said Periwinkle.
“Good, thanks,” Shard said. “What I’d really like to have is a tap on Iorio’s and Spinello’s phones. But, our local judge doesn’t have jurisdiction. So, that’s another dead end.”
“We still have Hacon, Boss; he’ll give some ideas on how to proceed,” Johnsen said.
“I’ve been thinking about that,” Shard said, over Periwinkle’s scowl. “I wonder how many men he killed before he slayed his father’s killer? Think he just kept killing until he got the right one? Something like Spinello and Iorio are doing? And I wonder if gender made any difference? You’ve told us many times, Norsemen, that your forbears often killed family members to get to the man they really wanted. Didn’t matter if the relatives were male or female or young or old. Will the mob stop chasing women named Ellen and kill only guys until they get me? Kinda scary, isn’t it?”
“I don’t think we are as indiscriminate as his ancestors were, Boss. We’re more civilized,” she said.
“Oh yeah, little flower, that’s why we’ve had genocide in Europe, Africa, and Asia in the last sixty years. I can feel civilization advancing all the time,” Johnsen said.
“This isn’t helping. Johnsen has a point. I just haven’t found it yet. But I have a gut feeling it’s there somewhere.”
“But how do we get to it?” Periwinkle asked.
“As much as I hate to say it,” Shard said, “I don’t think there’s anything we can do about the people who want to kill me. We have to sit and wait for them to try again, as they did with Denise and Ellen. I’m uncomfortable with that approach, but what else can we do?” 
“Well, if you don’t know, we certainly don’t, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“That means, guys, that we have to attack the other leg, the Winter one. We need to know whom we’re dealing with here. I recommend that you guys find the women’s names, the ones on Periwinkle’s schematic. I’m also interested in Winter. He has to have left a trail. Look to see if he served in the armed forces. Are his fingerprints on file with the FBI? He must take a magazine or newspaper so he’d be on some subscription service. Maybe he has a line of credit at his tailor’s; you make him sound like a polished guy. Does he have a gun registered or a carrying permit? How about a hunting or fishing license? Something.”
“You make all that sound easy, Boss. It’ll take me more than a week to dig that information out.”
“All you have to do, Periwinkle, is to ask them nicely if you can muck around in their secure files. Nobody has ever turned you down.”
“Right.”
“And while we’re at it, someone should go see Pressman to convince him to tell you who he was with the weekend of the murders. If we can eliminate Winter and him, that takes two names off our list. We can come up with a solution by deleting people who couldn’t have done it. It’s logical, but the hard way to go about it.”
“I don’t think we’ll get anything out of him, but we’ll try again,” Periwinkle said. “And I’ll get the names for you. What are you going to do in the meantime?”
“I have a thrilling afternoon ahead. I only wish you could enjoy it with me. I have to testify in court in the Yates case. Remember that one?”
“Wasn’t that the guy who went berserk and killed his cows? Geez, that was a year or more ago. It’s only now coming to trial?”
“Not quite a year, Norseman. He claimed he was depressed because it was mud season and he couldn’t stand the sight of his cows any longer. But that was only part of the case. You forget that he killed his wife before he shot his cows. That’s why I’m there.”
“They’re not going to try him for killing his cows?” Periwinkle asked. 
“Don’t cows have rights in New York?”
“I don’t know. I suppose they do,” Shard said. “Whatever, I’m hungry. I’m off to see what Mrs. O. has on the menu today.”
“Beans and franks, I bet” Johnsen mumbled under his breath.

CHAPTER 11 
Hope is Hope
Monday afternoon
“I think you’d better sit down before I tell you what I found,” Periwinkle said to Johnsen as he walked into their office.
“What could be that bad?” he asked. “You know it’s still snowing?”
“That’s no surprise. But listen to this, I ran Bradley and Pressman through the New York State marriage records. What I found leaves us with a serious dilemma, Norseman.”
“I can’t imagine why their marriages would give us a problem, little flower. We wouldn’t know their wives unless they hang around in the local watering holes, and I mistakenly took one out.”
Periwinkle shot him her most disapproving look.
“Okay, Bradley Freeney is married to Hope Lomack. Stan Pressman is married to Susan, whose maiden name was Bright.”
“Where did you get their surnames?”
“I got Bradley’s off the Hoffman-LaRoche employees’ list. There were only two Bradleys on it, and the other one was 63 years old. Lomack popped up on the marriage records.”
“Good work, small petal, but I don’t see how that’s bad news,” he said.
“Come on Norseman, use your brains. None of those names rings a bell? How’d you ever become our temporary lead investigator?”
“I guess it was because I always have a clear picture of the larger view, not because I remember names very well. I don’t recall that I ever picked up a woman named Hope or….Oh, Jesus. Hope. Do you think that she’s Shard’s Hope? The one who walked out on him with the drug rep? Oh, oh, doesn’t Bradley do something with drugs? And Denise worked for a drug company too.”
“You’re firing on all cylinders, big man. Yeah, that’s exactly what I’m thinking. I don’t remember that the boss ever mentioned Bradley’s last name, but how many Bradleys and Hopes can there be in this part of the world? I should point out that their addresses when they got married were in Albany. That convince you?”
“Do you think that Shard knows this? He must. Why hasn’t he told us?” he asked.
“Because it cuts too close to the bone, to coin one of those clichés he hates so much.”
“Does this mean that he’s somehow involved in Denise’s murder? This morning he told us how this all folded back on him, especially if he was, or is sleeping with Ellen and Denise. God, this is a mess, purple bloom. What do you think?”
“I didn’t expect anything like this. No matter how much we want to absolve him of any complicity, he becomes more involved. He’s like a tar baby,” she said.
“Now you’re talking like Winter.”
“Whatever. This information certainly completes the circle. Shard’s ex girl friend is married to one of our prime suspects, his other ex girl friend is murdered, his present girl friend might have been a murder target, and someone killed a woman named Ellen because he thought she was the boss’s girl friend. And he may have slept with them all, except the Manseur woman. That, Norseman, puts him squarely in our pool of prime suspects. My gut instinct, as he likes to say, tells me, however, that he didn’t do it.”
“Yeah, well I’m stuck on the fact that the boss has had that many girl friends. That’s more than I have, and I’ve always felt sorry for him because he seems so lonely.”
“You’re right; I think he is lonely,” she said. “But remember we’re making assumptions about his personal life. He may not have slept with Denise or Ellen or Hope, but I’d put money on the fact that he did with all of them. And there’s no doubt that Hope hurt him very badly.”
“Okay, this is lovely. The bottom line here, Periwinkle, is do we tell him what we’ve found? What if he’s guilty? Then we’re complicit in providing him with inside information. Even if we do so inadvertently, we’re breaking the law.”
“True. But you know when he returns from court, the first thing he’s going to do is ask whether I’ve checked the marriage records. What do I say?”
“I don’t know. You could say you haven’t had time to do it, or better yet, the marriage bureau systems are down. They always seem to be when we need information post haste.”
“Now you’re talking like Winter again, but we’ve raised the level of our office discourse.”
“You didn’t answer the question, Periwinkle. What do we do?”
“You’re my quasi-official superior at the moment, and you make the big bucks to tackle those tough decisions.”
Johnsen stared at his shoes as if he’d never seen them.
“My gut instinct, small flower, is that we don’t tell him. We’ll use the systems are down excuse. The nice thing is that we know he won’t turn on his office computer and check; he trusts us and doesn’t know how to use the machine.”
“You know what, Norseman? I have a sneaky suspicion that he knows how to use it, but has no interest in it. But you’re right, he won’t check.”
“And speaking of Winter,” Johnsen said, “did you find anything on him?”
“I wasn’t speaking of Winter. I looked at all the sites the boss suggested, except his tailor. How do I find who he is? There was no mention of Winter anywhere, nada. The guy is absolutely invisible. He must be the best Libertarian in the country. If only I knew where he went to school, I could check on his class records, but I bet he had those kept in invisible ink or something.”
“Okay, we’re agreed we’ll not mention Bradley and Hope to Shard, and we have nothing to give him on Winter. He’ll be overwhelmed with our results,” Johnsen said.
“Our results, Norseman? Where do you get this plural stuff?”
Monday, late afternoon
Shard shook the snow off his coat. Periwinkle sat in his desk chair with Johnsen across from her in the office’s only other chair. Shard picked up his office phone and shook it violently. A Camel dropped out and bounced across his desk. He picked it up, and leaned against the door frame.
“What a waste of time,” he said. “I sat in court for over two hours digesting my beans and franks and listened to evidence that Elijah Yates was depressed when he shot his wife and cows. Of course he was depressed, if not before, then certainly after. You know he killed thirty-two cows? And did you know that every cow in this state has a number and that the court has them for of all Yate’s dead cows? Would you care to hear the numbers? Bet not. I’ll give you an interesting tidbit though. They weren’t consecutive. Now, I found that interesting.”
“Did his wife have a number?” Johnsen asked.
Shard ignored him. “Yates admitted to killing all of them, cows and wife, so this should have been an easy case. But, no, lawyers are involved. The short version is that I was never called. I just sat there, full of percolating beans and franks. Did you run down the names of those women, Periwinkle?”
Shard caught her off balance.
“I tried, Boss, but the marriage bureau’s computers were down.  I’ll try again later.”
“They always say that. Computers are down. What does that mean? Someone dropped them? Why down? Why not broken. Cows are down, soldiers are down, pants are down, but we know they are all on the ground. Words are losing their meanings, folks. Pretty soon we won’t be able to communicate. Then how are we to solve cases? I want to know who these women are, but they are down with the computers. Hell of a world, kids. And the lab reports on the slug and the blood?”
“Syracuse said they’re working on both. A woman in the lab guaranteed me that we’d have results by the end of the week. Latest.”
“And Winter? You must have found something on him.”
“Only his tailor knows, and I don’t know who his tailor is. I looked up all the other stuff you mentioned, and he isn’t listed anywhere.”
“At least those sites weren’t down, that’s something. Speaking of down, it’s cocktail hour in Newfoundland. Did you know that they are a half an hour ahead of us?”
“You’ve mentioned that several times, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“Good. It could be a clue some day. In the meantime I’m going to take advantage of such a meaningful time differential and go down to discourse with O’Reilly, Leyden’s professor of philosophy.”
“You sound like Winter, Boss. His vocabulary and syntax seem to be catching,” Periwinkle said.
“I never talked to him,” said Shard.
Monday evening
Monday nights were slow in Schuylers. Shard noticed that even Witry wasn’t about. That made him happy.
“The usual O’Reilly,” Shard said, “but make it four fingers. I can’t stay long, so I’ll compress my normal intake.”
The bartender looked at him as if he were speaking an Estonian dialect, but said nothing.
Shard settled under his moose with his Highland Park and Camel. He decided that life didn’t get a whole lot better than this. Outside his wavy windowpanes, snow was falling slowly. Inside nobody was playing the electronic games, the jukebox was quiet, Witry was absent, and he was still employed. He thought this should make him content, but he wasn’t. He was antsy and needed to do something, anything. He decided to eat early and then go home.
He stopped in his utility room only long enough to pull out the lint filter from his dryer and remove a Camel. In his carriage house, his Morgan seemed lonely. Checking the car for fingerprint dust, he walked around it slowly to catch the reflections from the overhead bulb. He saw that Karl had not only wiped off his chemicals, but also cleaned off the salt and filth that Shard had picked up on the drive back from Ellen’s. He took his Phillip’s head screwdriver, sat on his stool, and began to tighten up the screws in the wood framing around the driver’s side door. This car always seemed to be trying to shake off its screws, Shard thought, something like birds do with their feathers in late spring.
Shard felt his anxieties slip away as he preened his Morgan. His thoughts turned to Norway. He wondered if Hacon did kill his son. Shard decided he did, especially if his presumed father perceived him as a threat. He suspected that the jarl had the power to do it or have it done for him because he knew that he would never be brought to justice. Shard concluded he was the vulnerable son now. Jarl Uncle Joe was tough, Shard judged, had murderous manpower at his beck and call, and with his connections would never be brought to justice.
He methodically tightened the screws as his mind swept over the case’s landscape, turning over its details and chronology looking for discrepancies. He believed murders were always entangled in loose ends. All he had to do was find one, tug on it, and the case would come unraveled. The difficulty was he had to have a coherent overview of the tapestry before he knew which string to yank. Tonight he had two tapestries, or maybe two pieces of the same one, and all he could see were loose ends.
His thoughts roamed over what Periwinkle and Johnsen had told him. Winter was certainly a loose end, but an invisible one. As his mind skimmed over other probables, it tripped over the women who were still unidentified and stumbled on Bradley. He mentally circled the man; deep in his psyche some mote was trying to push to the surface. On the conscious level he worked on the case’s drug connections. Denise, Bradley, and Winter were affiliated in various ways with LaRoche. Pressman was a chemist, but claimed he’d never worked on anything for drug companies. 
Shard carried his stool to the other side of the car and began to minister to the loose screws there. His mind, beginning to float again, stumbled up against Bradley, where he made the connection that his Hope had run away with a drug rep named Brad. Drugs and Bradley. Shard wondered if Brad was short for Bradley. Was Brad ever a given name? Was it even remotely possible that this Bradley was the scumbag who had shattered his life four years ago? His mind raced deeper into that chamber. He was certain that he had told Hope about Denise sometime during the half dozen years they lived together, although he would have never revealed any intimate details. But it was another connection that tied him to the case. He might have slept with both. No wonder Periwinkle and Johnsen couldn’t eliminate him as a suspect.
His mind wandered freely. Hope had cuckolded him with Bradley, if an unmarried lover could be cuckolded, and then run off with him. They married, and the irony was that good old Brad or Bradley might be cheating on her, as she had cheated on Shard. Justice has a way of coming full circle, the thought. If Brad was Bradley, and if he were still married to Hope, he might have reason to pin the crime on him, Shard reasoned, but he couldn’t think of an explanation for why. He’d never laid eyes on Brad. Brad had won. He got the girl. Brad had won again, if he got Denise. He rose in his company while Shard fled to his hometown. Brad made money while Shard bucked snowdrifts. Shard asked himself why Brad would be angry at him. He had two of the three girls Shard had ever cared about. And if Brad really hated Shard, couldn’t he be satisfied that he’d left the policeman an emotional cripple for years?
As Shard tightened the last screw, he wondered how the car could have worked them all loose. He idly considered taking them out and gluing them into their holes. He decided that it would take some of the fun out of owning the old girl. He wouldn’t have a reason to sit in his unheated carriage house in the middle of a perpetual snowstorm, tighten screws, and think.
His brain clicked back into its former paths. None of this made sense if he had the wrong Bradley. If that were so, he’d just wasted perfectly good time on a wild goose chase down a cliché-ridden path.
Tuesday morning
It was like old times, Shard thought, as he slipped into his office. It was snowing, his colleagues would soon appear, and somewhere nearby a round, fresh Camel awaited. He thought a moment, pulled out the top filing cabinet drawer, and gently untapped a Camel from behind the front of it. 
“I can’t see any evidence of my car at all,” Periwinkle said, as she brushed the flakes off her navy blue pea coat. “Everybody has quit shoveling his sidewalk, so I had to walk to work in the street. What happened to all this stuff about global warming? It ain’t happening here. Yikes, what a place. I wonder if the Orlando police department has any openings. If I worked down there, at least I could remember what color my car is.”
Shard wasn’t listening. He was waiting for her to remove her scarf to allow her gorgeous auburn hair to cascade down to her shoulders.
“You’ve forgotten the color of your car?” Johnsen asked, from the doorway. “Incipient senility, do you think?”
“You’re one to talk, hulk. Your ancestors in that Godforsaken place they lived lost their chariots every winter.”
“They didn’t have chariots, little flower; the Romans did.”
“That’s because the Vikings didn’t have the wheel,” she snorted.
“Okay, guys. Let’s get to work before the Kaiser loses reelection, and we’re all booking passage in a chariot to Orlando,” Shard said.
“Orlando? What’s there?” Johnsen asked.
“Earlier conversation, Norseman. Now, Periwinkle, it might be a good idea this morning to try to find the names of your X, Y, and Z women. The marriage bureau ought to be up and running; otherwise how’s the state going to maintain its high divorce rate? Notice, that’s a suggestion, if you will. I think it would be interesting to find out who they are.”
Periwinkle sent a pleading glance towards Johnsen that bespoke what do I do now, O Interim Boss?
Johnsen remained impassive. Obviously, he didn’t have the slightest idea.
Shard decided that he wouldn’t mention his mental meanderings of the night before. The odds against Bradley being the Brad were astronomically high. But, if he’d hit the nail on the head, cliché be damned, he wasn’t ready to reveal it.
“While you’re communing in your unseen world Periwinkle, the Viking and I will take our chariot down to see Mr. Pressman. He might be more forthcoming if we interrogate him at work. It might be a good idea, Norseman, if you’d procure a couple of real coffees and some donuts while I go outside to examine my lamppost.”
That absurdity didn’t require an explanation.
“I have directions to Abet,” Johnsen said, as they drove into Utica. “Pretty easy to find.”
“Do you have any idea why someone named the company Abet?” Shard asked, as he turned his wipers up to keep up with the snow.
“I bet it’s a bookie outfit run by your mob friends. They’re taking odds right now on whether they’ll knock you off. Maybe we ought to put some money on it.”
“Are you wagering for or against my demise?”
“With me at your back, Boss, they haven’t a chance. I’m putting this week’s paycheck on your survival.”
“That’s comforting.”
“It must be an acronym,” Shard said.
“Yeah. Something like the American-Italian Betting Enthusiasts’ Tavern. There it is, on the left.”
“I hate left turns,” Shard said.
“Okay, but while you’re trying it, I’ll read their sign. I was close Boss. It’s called American Biological and Environmental Technologies.”
“Doesn’t sound like a drug company. Besides the sign is too modest. With the drug companies’ profits, I’ll wager their signs are the size of ballparks.”
“The best thing about winter, Boss, is that snow covers up the blue handicapped parking symbols. We can pull right up next to the door.”
“I was going to anyway.”
They found Pressman in his immaculate lab, wearing a starched white lab coat. He seemed less than enthusiastic that they had intruded in his precincts.
“Where’re all the Bunsen burners and beakers?” Johnsen asked.
“This isn’t that kind of lab,” Pressman said. “Why don’t we go to my office where we can have some privacy?”
Shard noticed that Pressman didn’t rate a corner office, but it was right next to his lab, and twice as large as Shard’s – and had four chairs, all of which looked new.
“This is Lieutenant Thomas Shard, an advisor on this case, Mr. Pressman.”
“Glad to meet you, Lieutenant, but I must tell you that I have told Sergeant Johnsen everything I know, which isn’t much.”
“Except for one important piece of information, Mr. Pressman,” Shard said, “who you were with on the weekend before last. You see the only way we’re going to find Ms. Sizemore’s killer is to eliminate suspects who couldn’t have done it. To do that we have to check everyone’s alibis, yours included. All we need is the name of the woman you were with that weekend, and we’ll be on our way.”
“I’m afraid I can’t tell you, Lieutenant. As I’ve told the sergeant several times, I’m not at liberty to reveal her name. She doesn’t want to become involved in the case, and besides, she’s married. I wish she would release her name. It would make my life easier.”
“I admire your reluctance to talk about personal matters, Mr. Pressman, but I assure you that if your story checks out, her name will go no farther than the three of us. I don’t wish to make anyone’s personal life public, and if you spent the whole weekend in a motel, you have broken no laws. So, private matters will stay private.”
“I appreciate that, Sir, but I’m honor-bound to abide by her wishes. Believe me, I’ve tried to change her mind, but I also fully appreciate that if I were in her shoes and had a husband like hers, I’d probably do the same.”
“What does Bradley do for a living, Mr. Pressman?” Shard asked.
“He works for a drug company, the name of which escapes me.”
“And I suppose you won’t divulge his surname,” Shard said.
“No, I won’t.”
“That wouldn’t happen to be an old friend of mine, Bradley Freeney, would it?” asked Shard.
At the mention of Freeney, Shard noted that Pressman’s eyes involuntarily grew larger and what sparkle they had disappeared. Oh, Christ, it is, Shard said to himself.
“You know I won’t tell you that,” Pressman said.
Shard noted that he didn’t deny it.
“I’ll tell you what I have to do then,” Shard said. “I’ll have to try to chase your friend’s name down through other avenues, starting with Bradley Freeney. If  that doesn’t work, I’ll talk to the desk clerk at the motel to get a physical description of the woman, and the number of the room you occupied. We’ll dust it for fingerprints and search for other physical evidence that may still be there. A strand of hair, anything, may help us trace her. If I find her, I won’t be under any compulsion to keep her name quiet. It would not be inconceivable that such information might come to the attention of Abet’s managers, which would not be to your advantage, I should think. That’s not a threat, Sir, just a fact.”
“I still can’t reveal her name, Lieutenant. I do have my principles, despite what you guys think.”
“Okay, I’ll have to accept that. One more question, Mr. Pressman. Do you know a man named Tim Winter?”
Shard saw Pressman physically react to the question. His face knotted up into a mask of disgust.
“Not back to that again, Lieutenant. I have told your sergeant everything I know which is absolutely nothing about Winter. For some reason Sergeant Johnsen and his female sidekick are convinced that I am Winter. I never heard of him. Never!”
“Never talked to him on the phone?” 
“You’re not listening, Lieutenant. I never heard his name, or his voice, or saw him. And I’m becoming damned irritated by your constant meddling in my affairs.”
Shard noted Pressman’s unfortunate, but accurate turn of phrase.
“I told your sergeant,” Pressman continued, “that I’m going to call a lawyer and let him talk for me. It may be time to do it now that you are threatening me.”
“I’m sorry you took what I said as a threat. I just wanted to lay out a probable scenario. We hope not to have to bother you again, but I would appreciate it if you would talk to your friend again.”
“I don’t think it it’ll make an iota of difference, Lieutenant, but I’d move heaven and hell to get you guys out of my life.”
“I would too, Sir,” Shard replied.
Back in the snow, Shard removed the spade in his trunk from its organic vinyl covering and took out a Camel.
“You know something, Norseman,” he said, as they drove out of Abet’s parking lot, “my instincts tell me that he’s exactly what he says he is, an adulterous philanderer caught up in something he can’t get out of without compromising his bed-partner. Kinda laughable isn’t it? All they wanted was a little illicit sex in a quiet, out-of-the-way motel, and suddenly they’re murder suspects. I think he’s frightened, not because he killed Denise, but because we think he might have. Know what the moral of this story is, Viking?”
“I can think of several, Boss.”
“Never take those little sweeties you pick up in the local watering holes to bed. They could come back to haunt you in ways you never imagined.”
You’re one to talk, Johnsen thought.
Tuesday Noonish
 “Hello Neil,” Shard said.
Behind his boots, Neil kept a fruit jar full of ballpoint pens. Shard picked one out, unscrewed it, and shook out a Camel.
“How do you do that, Sir?” Neil asked. “Do you hire someone to hide them?”
“Heavens no. RJReynolds provides them, and I have a sixth sense that tells me where they are.”
“Do I know him, Sir?”
“I don’t think so, Neil.”
Johnsen, who had appropriated Shard’s desk chair, had his feet propped up on the desk. Shard sat down in the chair opposite him. 
“Johnsen, ask Periwinkle to come up, will you? And ask her to bring me a cup of coffee. I have something to discuss with both of you.”
“I’m afraid it’s out of the downstairs machine, Boss,” she said, as she walked in. “But the word on the street is that Bluder strained this pot through a newer used pair of her nylons.”
“In other words, nobody has gotten sick from it today?”
“That’s about it.”
“Okay, I have figured something out, and I think it’s time to tell you guys. Where you take it from here is up to you,” Shard said. “I got to thinking in my carriage house last night, and I kept rubbing up against Bradley. As you’ve have heard more than once, I lived with a woman who left me for a drug rep named Brad. I wondered if Brad was always short for Bradley, or if it could be a given name? Further, we know that Denise worked for a drug company, and Pressman told us this morning that Bradley also worked for a drug company. That’s a lot of drugs snowing on this case, too many, I think for coincidence. Now, if my hunch is correct, and this Bradley is my Bradley, he may still be married to Hope, my former girlfriend. If that’s the case, she’s the woman Pressman spent the weekend with. A helluva coincidence, huh? I wasn’t going to mention this to you because I thought the odds on it were improbable in the extreme, plus it embeds me in the case even more deeply. But when I asked Pressman this morning if Bradley’s last name was Freeney, he ever so slightly blanched, which told me that it was. I looked up Brad’s last name at the state police after he stole Hope, but I always thought of him as just Brad, which is what Hope wrote in her Dear John note. This morning his surname popped to mind for the first time in years. So, that’s the story. What do you guys think?”
“We already knew all that, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
 “Whaaaat? How? Why didn’t you tell me? It would have saved us a trip this morning.”
“I don’t know about the what, but the how is a little embarrassing. I lied to you yesterday. The marriage bureau’s computers weren’t down. I found Bradley’s last name in the Hoffman-LaRoche file and discovered that he married a woman named Hope in Albany not quite four years ago. It had to be your Hope. Your second question is also embarrassing. Johnsen and I discussed whether we should tell you we knew this. Normally, we would have, but you’re still a suspect, and you knew several of our other suspects. So, we decided to wait.” 
“Wait for what?” 
“I don’t know, Boss,” Johnsen said. “I suppose until we could clear you. We don’t for a moment think you killed anyone, but we’ve been unable to rule you out either.”
“Oh, wonderful,” was all Shard could think to say.
Tuesday noon
O’Reilly leaned on his bar and said, “You rarely drink at noon, Lieutenant, but today you look like you need a beer. It’s on the house.”
“You’re giving me a free beer? I must look terrible. Thanks.”
“Word is out that the sheriff was going to fire you this morning. Did he?”
“God, how does stuff like that get started O’Reilly? But no, he didn’t. In fact I’m back helping with the investigation.”
“You ought to be happy, Lieutenant.”
“Yeah. What’s Mrs. O. have on for this noon?”
O’Reilly studied the menu for what Shard thought was an inordinate time.
“Looks like she has a special you might like, beans and franks.”
“Perfect. Tell her I’ll have the big plate, Shard said, as he walked over to commune with his moose. He stared up at the moose’s outthrust lower lip in front of its prominent dewlap, and wondered what to do now. The Kaiser was right -- he was too close to several of the suspects, closer than the sheriff knew. Hope was the obvious place to start. If she had spent the weekend with Pressman, that would eliminate the chemist as a suspect. He’d ask Periwinkle and Johnsen to go down to Utica to interview her. As he gorged on his heaped plate of beans and franks, he realized he wanted to see her again. He hadn’t laid eyes on her since that fateful morning when he kissed her goodbye as he left for work. He had long wanted to know why she had left without the slightest hint. He’d been asking her for months to marry him, when apparently at the time she was cheating on him and wanted to be shed of him. “Some detective I am,” he told the moose before he drained his beer.
After a visit to his lamppost, he found his sergeants seated in the same chairs they warmed before he’d left for lunch. He shook the snow off his coat and tossed it on a corner of his desk beside Johnsen’s feet.
“I talked to my moose at lunch, and he suggested a line of inquiry in this case.”
“Do tell, Boss,” Johnsen said, “and what was it?”
“Keep pursuing the sexual leg and go down to talk to Hope this afternoon. If we tell her that we know she was shacked up with Pressman the weekend before last, she’ll probably admit it – or deny it if she wasn’t. Either way, we’ll have made progress.”
“Good idea, Boss, but I have a pronoun problem. Exactly who is we?” Johnsen asked.
“I thought about that, Norseman, and consulted with Mr. Moose on the subject. After a good deal of discussion, we decided that I should accompany you guys. Only as an advisor, you understand. I know, or rather knew, the woman very well and ought to be able to judge if she’s telling the truth.”
“At the risk of being cruel, Boss, you missed all her signs a few years ago when she walked out on you. How well do you think you know her now?”
“Touche, Periwinkle. But now I know what I’m looking for.”
“Geez, Boss, the Kaiser will go nuts if he hears about this,” Johnsen said. 
“This is where our arrangement gets tense, or even conflicted,” Periwinkle said. “I’m in no position to tell you you can’t come along. It’s up to Johnsen to do that. He’s in charge here.”
“Well, Norseman?” Shard asked.
Johnsen stared over Shard’s head at something in a distance that approached infinity, with a look that indicated he was riffling through the sagas to find an instance that would guide his decision. His silence indicated he wasn’t having much luck.”
“Well?” Shard prompted.
“The fact that you add professional and personal experience, I think outweighs the downside. I would appreciate it though if none of us mentions anything to the Kaiser unless he directly asks. He will go ballistic if he hears about this.”
“Good, that’s settled,” Shard said. “Maybe Periwinkle will call Hope to see if she can see us this afternoon.”
“That’s a request, right Boss?” Periwinkle said, with a smile.
“Absolutely.”

CHAPTER 12 
O'Reilly to the Rescue
Tuesday afternoon
Shard rarely went to Utica, much less twice a day. And it was still snowing hard. The Norseman trailed a snowplow all the way down.
“Poor planning,” Shard muttered.
“What’s that, Boss?” Periwinkle asked, from the back seat.
“Just complaining about not organizing my time better. Besides, the butt end of that plow is plug-ugly.” Shard wondered where that cliché originated. Plug horse perhaps? Maybe a dook?” 
“You’re mumbling again, Boss. What are you saying?” Periwinkle asked.
“Just assessing the esthetics of dooks, that’s all.” 
“Right.” 
“What’s a dook?” Johnsen asked.
“A little round-headed Scandinavian,” Shard said, suppressing a smile.
“Never heard of them.” 
“I’m also thinking about how to handle this. What do you think if I go to the door ahead of you guys? She’d be so shocked to see me it might give us an advantage.”
“Sounds good,” Johnsen said. 
Hope’s house was a mock Tudor of pretty good size, its light yellow stucco, crisscrossed with brown beams and featuring chimneys at either end. Pretty comfy, Shard thought. She and Brad must be doing pretty well, certainly better than she would have with him.
Brad had not shoveled his sidewalk or the front walk. The snow was above Shard’s knees, and he decided to let the Norseman break a path for him and Periwinkle. Rank has it privileges, Shard thought, plus Johnsen was the product of uncounted generations of Norse to whom wading through chest-high drifts must have been second nature.
The blue front door struck Shard as incongruous on a yellow and brown house, but he charitably assumed that it was left over from previous owners who were probably color-blind. He pressed the doorbell.
“Hi, Hope,” he said, after she opened the door. Not exactly the blistering opening line he had practiced many times in his darker moments.
Shard had been right; she looked shell- shocked. 
“Tom?” she asked, in another underwhelming opening line.
“It’s good to see you again,” he said. “But as Sergeant Periwinkle,” and Shard turned to point her out, “told you on the phone, we’re here on official business. May we come in?”
Hope ushered them through a spacious foyer into her living room dominated by a huge fireplace big enough to roast an ox.
“Would you like coffee?” she asked, and receiving three affirmatives, walked to the back of the house.
“You know,” Periwinkle said, “I think that’s a real Aubusson on the floor. It’s beautiful. They’re so expensive I can’t even afford a reproduction.”
“If that’s a plea for a raise,” Shard said, “talk to Norseman. He’s the boss here.”
Shard watched Hope bring the coffee and was surprised that she had aged more than he would have expected in four years. Maybe life with Brad wasn’t easy. Nevertheless, he could see why he had loved her so desperately. She still stood tall and slender, and her midnight black hair retained the sheen that had always excited him. Her longish nose and thin lips accentuated her slender frame clad in an expensive pair of black slacks topped by a forest green sweater that accentuated her modest bosom. He’d always liked that too.
She gracefully glided into a wingback at the side of the fireplace and asked, “to what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?”
Shard didn’t for a moment believe she found their presence pleasurable. She knew exactly why they were there. On his instructions, Periwinkle had told her. 
Shard explained the main aspects of the case, and rather than approach her obliquely, asked, “did you know that Bradley was having an affair with the victim?”
His bluntness took her aback.
“Well, I suspected he was seeing someone, but I had no proof.”
“What made you suspicious?” 
“He traveled a lot which gave him opportunities to meet other women, and he began to keep odd hours at home. Any wife, I suppose, would wonder what her husband was up to.”
“Do you know the other woman’s identity?”
“Yes. A friend to whom I confided my suspicions told me that she had seen Bradley at lunch several times with the same woman, and she recognized her as Denise Sizemore and knew she worked for Eckerds.”
Shard kept a surprised reaction to himself.
“Did you confront Bradley?”
“I did.”
“And his response?”
“He didn’t deny the lunches but claimed he did business with her and treated her as he would any other business associate. He also explained the financial windfall of millions of dollars a year that he and his company reaped by maintaining cordial relations with a retail outlet that large.”
“Did you believe him?”
“Not entirely. He has a reputation for hustling. He’s attractive and sexy. I could see where he could appeal to many women, even married ones.”
Shard watched her closely. She didn’t blush, but she didn’t look at him either. Of course, she wasn’t married when Bradley seduced her, Shard thought.
“Has he been acting strange the last couple of weeks?”
“It’s hard to tell because he was gone to Las Vegas and had to catch up on his work after he got back.”
“What would you say if I were to tell you that he used an alias, Tim Winter, while on that trip?”
Shard had no idea where he came up with that. He had nothing to tie the two together, but all of a sudden it made a great deal of sense. 
Hope looked surprised, and he knew then that she’d heard the name. 
“How did you hear that?” she asked.
“We pieced it together from evidence we’ve uncovered,” he said guardedly. 
“I’m not sure I should discuss this.”
“Why?”
“Well, it’s a private matter.”
“You’ve just admitted you knew he was having an affair, and you know with whom. And you know that somebody killed his lover. How much more public could this be?”
“Okay. After he returned from Vegas, I was getting his suits ready for the cleaners. In his pockets I found trip receipts made out to a Tim Winter. I asked him about them. He said Winter worked for some drug company with whom he did business. They met at conventions where Bradley wined and dined him. He said the receipts were made out in Winter’s name for purposes of travel reimbursement from LaRoche. That’s all I know.”
“You believed his story?”
“What other choice did I have?”
“I find it interesting that this Mr. Winter shared a room with Ms. Sizemore in Rochester the weekend she was murdered. Moreover, he spent that Sunday night in a Leyden motel, probably after he killed her. If that’s the case, we think it a strong possibility that whoever used that alias murdered Denise Sizemore.”
“All I know is that Bradley stuck by his story that Winter is a business acquaintance. And I can’t believe that Bradley would kill anybody. He’s a gentle, loving man.”
“Who cheats on his wife,” Shard said.
“Maybe, but that doesn’t make him a murderer. I’ve told you what I know.”
“Not quite,” Shard said. “Do you know Stan Pressman?”
“Oh God, you know about that too? Yes, I do.”
“Our information is that you’re having an affair with him. Is that true?”
“Yes.”
“Further, we think that you spent the weekend before last at the Best Western here in Utica. All weekend. Is that also true?”
“Yes.”
“You were in there all day Saturday and Sunday? That seems like a long time.”
“Maybe, but it snowed all weekend. Remember?”
“It’s snowed every day for a month. Why would that prevent you from going somewhere?”
“It was warm and cozy inside. And the motel has room service.”
“When did you check in and out?”
“We checked in Friday evening and left Sunday afternoon.”
“Why meet at the Best Western when both of you have houses, and Bradley was out of town?”
“Stan’s married too, and we didn’t want to get caught.”
“Do you know Paul Butler?”
“No.”
“Ever heard of him?”
“No. Why?”
“Mr. Butler told us that Pressman used the name Winter.”
“I don’t know anything about that.”
“Don’t you find it interesting that both of the men in your life are connected with this character Tim Winter whom we think killed Mrs. Sizemore?”
“Maybe, but I know nothing about Tim Winter. Bradley is Bradley, and Stan is Stan. Of that I’m certain.”
“Okay, but I have a feeling that we’ll be back after we’ve questioned your husband.”
As they walked to the front door, Hope whispered, “Tom could you stay a moment?”
Tuesday afternoon
They walked in and sat back down.
“Yes?” Shard asked.
“I know you think I’m some kind of a slut who falls into bed with every passing man. But that’s not the case. You now know the names of the only two men I’ve slept with since I left you. And I go out with Stan only to get back at Bradley. But that’s not why I asked you to stay. I want to explain why I walked out on you in Albany because I know I hurt you.”
“It went far beyond hurt, Hope. You altered my life, drove me out of the state police and back to Leyden.”
“I heard you went home. Ruth Scarpelli keeps me up to date on your doings. Leaving you was the biggest mistake I’ve ever made. I was lonely, and you were always working. You spent more time with Cooper than you did with me. When I worked nights, we often didn’t see each other for days. And when you came home, you were too tuckered out to be much fun. Some weeks all we did was share a postal address. When you kept asking me to marry you, I put you off because I was afraid you’d be an absentee husband. It was about then that Bradley began to peddle his drugs at the hospital. He started showing up nights and he’d take me out to eat on my lunch break. He paid attention to me. He was charming, and eventually one thing led to another. He made me feel wanted, and pretty, and sexy, and I fell for him. End of story.”
“Why didn’t you tell me you were unhappy?”
“I didn’t have the courage. I knew that if I tried to explain, you would talk me into staying, even after I told you I had slept with Bradley. That would have made me feel really dirty.”
“I suppose,” Shard said slowly.
“As I said, it was the biggest mistake I ever made. You’re ten times the man Bradley will ever be, and I’ve told him that. Stan means nothing to me. I’ve screwed up my life Tom. I am going to divorce Bradley on the grounds that he has the morals of a monkey, not that I’m particularly proud of mine. But what I’d really like to do is go back four years when we were young, naïve, and in love. I know we can’t, but I’d like to try to rekindle something of what we had. The big question is, are you willing?”
Shard squirmed in his chair and steepled his fingers like the Kaiser. He pushed his hands into his armpits to calm himself and realized his body language answered her question. The truth was he couldn’t find the right words to convey the depth of his pain. She’d left him an emotional cripple for four long years. Only when he became reacquainted with Ellen did he find someone with whom he dared risk a degree of emotional vulnerability. But it wasn’t easy. 
He pondered his answer. He was surprised that he had any feelings for her. She was still attractive, but could he ever trust her again? He doubted it. And, what of Ellen? She was a wonderful woman with whom he enjoyed a comfortable intimacy. But she was also a hard-driving professional who lived four hours away. She couldn’t move back to Leyden where he enjoyed his job. Did they have a future?
“If you had explained this to me before you left, we might have had a chance,” he began. “But it’s been a long time, Hope. We’ve gotten on with our lives.”
Hope didn’t react or take her eyes off from him.
“I don’t think we can put the toothpaste back in the tube, or the genie back in the bottle, or the caulk back in the gun,” he continued. He grimaced inwardly at his resort to clichés to say what he was unable to put in his own words. 
“In other words, I don’t think it’s possible, Hope. I think we should look for happiness elsewhere. I still think you’re beautiful, and obviously you harbor feelings for me, but we can never be the same. We’ve changed.”
“I was afraid you’d say something like that, Tom. Deep down I guess I knew it’s too late, but I hope you’ll accept my belated apology.”
“I do, and I wish you the best, Hope. I’ll let myself out.”
Shard had scarcely closed the door before she poured herself a double shot of vodka.
Tuesday afternoon.
 “I’ve never sat that long without saying a word,” Periwinkle said, on their way back north. “And I bet Norseman hasn’t either. Maybe it was because she gave us another name of someone who slept with Denise. Rather than eliminating names in the case, we’re steadily adding them. But it was a relief to be spared another recitation of Kriskringle’s story of Prince Hacon.”   
“Heimskringla, little flower. And Hacon wasn’t a prince. You know why?”
“Oh God, does that mean you’re going to tell me?”
“Because his father was a jarl, not a king.”
“Thanks for that useful tidbit. What was the topic of your off-the-record conversation with Hope, Boss? Did she confess?”
That’s a double-edged question if I’ve ever heard one, Shard thought. 
“I wish she had. It would have made our job easier. We discussed a little unfinished personal business.”
“Did she tell why she ran out on you?” Periwinkle asked, and was instantly sorry she mentioned it.
“It was personal, and personal stays personal,” Shard replied, more sharply than he intended.
“What I want to know, Boss,” Johnsen asked, “is how you knew that Bradley was Winter? We didn’t know it.”
“I just guessed. Like you guys, I suspected that Winter might be an alias. If that were the case, I asked myself who would use it? I don’t think Pressman did, so it had to be Bradley to cover his affair with Denise. I wasn’t sure though until I saw Hope’s reaction to my question. Then I knew that she’d heard the name. And I think that she was truthful about Bradley’s explanation for Winter’s receipts. His cover story was reasonable, but it’s at odds with what we think we know about Winter and Denise.”
“Whatever, Boss, it was a brilliant deduction,” Johnsen said. “We now have more information.”
“But how much of it’s true, Viking?” Shard asked.
Tuesday evening
Shard slogged through foot-deep snow on his way to Schuylers. It was already dark, but he could see fat flakes sticking to his black coat. He hated to wear a hat and he could feel the snow settling down on his hair. He already have enough grey in it, he reasoned, he didn’t need it covered in white
O’Reilly stood in his usual place in the warm, humid barroom that smelled of beer, cigarette smoke, and wet clothing.
“You’re late, Lieutenant. Eighteen minutes to be exact,” O’Reilly said without taking his eyes off the glass he held up to the light to dry.
“That late, huh? You don’t have much of a clientele tonight, do you? Exactly one by my count.”
“What’llyahave?”
“The usual, my good man. Maybe five fingers, instead of four. And I’m in definite need of one of my incendiary devices. It’s been a long day.”
“I’ll have another Old Fitzgerald and a Genesee,” the man seated on a bar stool the bar said.
O’Reilly wiped the last smudge off the glass. Deliberately he reached for the bottle of Highland Park behind him, and with a practiced eye poured five fingers and a little extra for luck and added two ice cubes. He then reached behind the packets of Slim Jims on the bar and took out a plastic bag full of Camels.
“I said, I’ll have another Boilermaker,” the man repeated, with an edge in his voice.
Shard looked down at the speaker, whose heavy black and grey tweed overcoat with a raised collar hid most of his facial features. Shard saw enough, however, to be certain that he’d never seen the man before.
“Here you are, Lieutenant, exactly as you ordered.”
“Thanks, O’Reilly.” Shard turned and walked towards his moose. He was about to speak to him, wondering why he’d never talked to his mammalian friend before this case, when he was struck with the odd feeling that there was something not quite right. The man at the bar was bundled up in his overcoat when the barroom was unusually warm. Moreover, he had already had at least one drink, which meant he’d been there for a while and ought to be warmed up.
Shard swung around for another look at him. The stranger stood facing Shard. In what seemed slow motion to Shard, he drew a pistol from his pocket. Shard froze, drink in one hand and unlit Camel in the other. The man deliberately raised his gun and pointed it directly at him. In what seemed the longest second of Shard’s life, a he waited for the man to squeeze off the fatal round, Shard saw O’Reilly swing the Old Fitzgerald bottle against the gunman’s head, exactly as the sound of a gunshot reverberated off the bar’s foot-thick stone walls. As the shooter collapsed in a heap of tweed on the floor, Shard felt a sharp pain in his right hand. Still holding the Camel, he dropped heavily to the floor right under the moose. His unbidden thought was that the animal wouldn’t be happy to see his friend dead. For some reason he looked up to see if the gunman had shot the moose, but he seemed as unperturbed as ever. Shard extended and balled his fingers on the hand. They felt numb, but they worked. He ached more from his precipitous collapse to the hardwood floor. He looked down at his hand, and to his dismay saw blood all over it. When he sat up, holding his wounded hand gingerly in front of him, he saw slivers of glass everywhere, and smelled the wonderful odor of single malt. He realized then that he wasn’t dead, rather the gunman had splintered the glass he held which cut his hand. Reassured, he scrambled off the floor, and in three steps reached the semi-conscious stranger. 
“Many thanks, O’Reilly. I’ve always said you’re a magician with a bottle. Do you know this guy?” 
“Never saw him before, Lieutenant. Do you want me to call the police?”
“I am the police, O’Reilly. Have you forgotten? Do you have some rope? We need to tie him up before he tries to kill me again.”
“Why would I keep line behind my bar, Lieutenant? Don’t you have handcuffs?”
O’Reilly had never mentioned he’d been in the Navy.
“Why would I bring handcuffs to my favorite watering hole?” Shard asked. “Got anything else we can use?”
“I have a roll of duct tape, Lieutenant. I use it to seal a leak in my dishwasher.”
“Get it, will you? The duct tape, not the dishwasher.”
The two of them wound the duct tape around the man’s wrists behind him a dozen more times than necessary. Shard retrieved the pistol and put it in his pants’ pocket.
“We need to get him out of here before the dining room customers come to gawk,” Shard said.
“There’s nobody in there, Lieutenant. The weather.”
“Just the same, O’Reilly, I want to question this guy before we take him to headquarters.”
Shard spotted the cellar door behind the bar, labeled in big black letters, CELLER. Shard had always thought it added a rustic touch to the place.
`”Let’s drag him down cellar, O’Reilly. Is there a light down there?”
“Of course there’s a light. It’s where I store my beer.”
“The gunman was too groggy to stand, so they grabbed him under his arms and dragged him down the well-worn stone steps.
“How the hell long has this stairwell been here?” Shard asked, through gasps.
“1812, Lieutenant, same as the building. Watch that second to the last one, it’s really uneven. Put your feet on either side of it.”
“You came to work here in 1812?”
“Just about, Lieutenant.”
They propped the gunman up with his back to the wall.
“Do you have a cell phone, O’Reilly?”
“No, why?”
“I need to make a call.”
“Look to your right, Lieutenant, there’s a phone on the wall.”
A flesh-colored, rotary dial phone hung there.
“Who would make a call from down here?” 
“Sometimes I have to call my distributors, Lieutenant. It saves steps.”
“Right.”
The gunman began to shake his head slowly from side to side.
“He’s coming around,” Shard said. “We’ll wait a few more minutes to question him. Don’t you have a bar to tend?”
“It’s not going anywhere, Lieutenant. If anyone comes in, they’ll see the cellar door open and yell down here, or they’ll fix their own drink.”
Shard spun the rotary dial. 
“Johnsen, find Periwinkle, and meet me in Schuylers’ cellar.”
“Boss, we don’t want to spend the evening drinking beer in a cellar. But thanks for thinking of us.”
“You missed the point, Norseman. Someone tried to kill me, and I have him restrained down here. O’Reilly saved my bacon.” Shard wondered where that cliché originated.
“Be right there, Boss.”
The gunman looked up at Shard and tried to pull his hands around to the front. After some wiggling, he discovered that he couldn’t.
“What the hell?” he asked.
“You’re in a heap of trouble,” Shard said. “You know what the penalty is for attempting to kill a police officer?”
The gunman leered and said nothing.
“I guess that means you do. What’s your name?”
“None of your goddamned business.”
“Oh, I think it is, my friend.” 
Shard pulled the shooter’s gun from his pocket and aimed it at his attacker whose leer instantly transformed into a look of fear.
“You can’t shoot me. That’d be murder. I’m tied up; it ain’t fair.”
“O’Reilly, fish this gentleman’s wallet out while I point this pistol right between the bastard’s eyes. If he moves, I promise you I’ll shoot.”
O’Reilly handed the wallet to Shard.
“Joseph Panelli, is it? From Utica?” Shard asked. “Well, Mr. Panelli, would you care to explain why you drove all the way up here in the snow to kill me?”
“I want a goddamned lawyer. I ain’t telling you nuthin.”
“Really? Oh, I think you will before I’m finished with you.” Shard gave him a knowing smile.
Periwinkle and Johnsen walked in just as Shard erased his angelic smile. 
“I’d like you to meet my sergeants, Mr. Panelli. Sharon Periwinkle, who will uncover your life’s history in about five minutes, and Knut Johnsen, who’s twice as big as you are and will break you into very small pieces and feed you to his family’s reindeer if you try anything funny. Understand, Mr. Panelli?”
“I demand to see my goddamned lawyer,” Panelli said, as he warily looked Johnsen up and down.
“You have that right,” Shard said. “But first Sergeant Periwinkle will run next door and copy out your record. I suspect that you have one, and if I don’t miss my guess, it’s long. Go ahead Periwinkle. Johnsen, do you have your cell phone?”
“Always, Boss. All single women in the county carry one. It pays me to stay in touch.”
“Would you call Captain Mussolini in Utica to find out what he knows about this creature?”
“It’s Muccione, Boss. Give me a couple minutes.”
“Now, Mr. Panelli, would you kindly tell me the name of your lawyer?”
“Mr. Bone.”
“What?”
“Mr. Bone.”
 “Why do I think that’s an appropriate name for him?” 
“Huh?”
“What’s his first name?” Shard asked.
“I dunno. Just Bone.”
“Where can we find him?”
“Utica.”
Shard stared at Panelli. Even in his overcoat, it was clear that he was a smallish wiry man. His face, long and thin, with close-set, dark eyes, bushy black eyebrows, and a forehead pushing back his wavy black hair, advertised as much. Shard figured that Panelli had some years on him, maybe over forty. He was also ugly, but Shard reasoned that he’d think that anyone who’d just tried to murder him was ugly.
“You’re a little old for this work, aren’t you?” Shard asked.
“Fuck you.”
“Whom do you work for? Someone must have sent you.”
“Fuck you.”
“My, my, Mr. Panelli, you do have a complex vocabulary. You must have had a classical education.”
“Fuck you.”
Periwinkle returned with a sheaf of papers. “Here’s his rap sheet, Boss. You’re going to love it. He’s been a favorite of the Utica police for over twenty years. To save you time, I’ll summarize it. In and out of jail for assault, attempted murder, suspicion of murder, murder, rape, consorting with underage girls, robbery, drugs, and my favorite, commission of mayhem.”
“Oh, that’s a good one,” Shard said. “I’ve never seen it before. More important, I wonder why he’s not in jail. Mr. Bone must be a pretty good mouthpiece.”
“Who’s Mr. Bone?” Periwinkle asked.
“His very own lawyer. Apparently, Mr. Panelli can afford the best.”
“Fuck you.”
“Can’t you mind your manners around ladies, Mr. Panelli? Didn’t your mother teach you better?” Shard asked.
“Fuck you.”
“Sorry Periwinkle, apparently he can’t.”
“I’ve heard it before, Boss.”
Johnsen came down the steps waving his cell phone. “I got hold of Muccione, Boss. He knows this guy quite well. Says he’s muscle for Iorio. Says Panelli isn’t all that smart, but he’s a crack shot. You were lucky again, Boss. But after your experiences this week, I think you ought to stay inside.”
“You assured me that with you at my back, I had nothing to fear. Remember?”
“Well, they haven’t killed you yet, have they?”
“Mr. Iorio, Huh?” Shard said. “I know your boss well. Nice fellow. What I don’t understand, Mr. Panelli, is why he sent you to kill me. Would you care to enlighten me on that salient point?”
“Fuck you.”
“Okay, guys,” Shard said to Periwinkle and Johnsen. “Read him his rights and take him over to headquarters and lock him up. Here’s his gun; take it too. Exhibit A. I’ll call Mr. Bone tomorrow morning, and we’ll question Mr. Panelli some more when he gets up here. I’m sure he’ll come. If he works for Iorio, he’ll have to.”
Shard and O’Reilly followed them upstairs.
“I’ll have to clean up this glass, Lieutenant, in case a wedding party wanders in. Can’t have the place looking like this.”
“Could you be on the lookout for the slug, O’Reilly? If you see it, don’t move it. I’ll get Karl over here to pick it up. Evidence, you know.”
“Okay, Lieutenant.”
“And before you start your chores, O’Reilly, I want to thank you again for saving my life. And might I have another four fingers of Highland Park? Panelli shot the last one out of my hand.  Damned good shooting, that. And one of my specials too, please?”

“The scotch is on the house, Lieutenant.”
“Thanks. And what’s Mrs. O.’s special tonight? I’m not that hungry, but I need to eat something.”
“Cabbage, Lieutenant.”
Wednesday morning
 “Brian Bone will be up around ten,” Shard said to his sergeants. “That means he’s going to see Iorio to get his marching orders. I doubt we’ll get anything out of Panelli with his lawyer around. Given Panelli’s priors, this guy Bone must be pretty good. But I guarantee you, his client’s not getting out of here for some time.”
“You know, Boss, this isn’t the guy who tried to kill you the other night. He was much bigger. This guy’s little,” Periwinkle said.
“Yeah, and remember the first guy wore size sixteen shoes. Panelli has almost dainty feet by comparison,” Johnsen said.
“I’ve already surmised that,” Shard said. “My guess is that Periwinkle winged the first guy, and it was severe enough so that Iorio had to turn to his second-best shooter. I hope he doesn’t have a third-best.”
“I wonder if Jarl Hacon had this much trouble killing the man who murdered his father?” Johnsen asked. “The Heimskringla doesn’t say. I wish it did.”
“The important point, Johnsen, is that Hacon succeeded. That doesn’t give me a lot of confidence.”
“I’m still at your back, Boss.”
“Thanks. But I need to know why Iorio is so dead set on killing me. Excuse the cliché and pun. I can’t believe he’d risk all this to please his brother-in-law, whom we know he doesn’t like, unless Spinello has something on Iorio. But if that’s the case, why doesn’t he just kill Spinello. Those guys don’t mind killing each other once in a while to maintain discipline. There has to be something here that I don’t see. Any ideas?”
They met his query with silence.
“I take that as a no,” Shard said, with a smile. “But I tell you what I do know. Iorio has to be behind the Mansuer killing in Lyons. After two screw-ups, Iorio decided he ought to kill the cop and be done with it. It’s a helluva lot easier than killing all the Ellens in western New York. But why? I’m not any threat to him. Nothing here makes any sense.”
“To us either,” Periwinkle said.
“Do you know what else bothers me?” Shard asked.
“No, tell us, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“The guy Bone. Why does Panelli, or rather Iorio, have a lawyer who’s not Italian? Wouldn’t you love to be a mobster’s lawyer who sends his client a threatening letter to get him to pay his legal bills? I can only imagine what the guy who showed up to take care of the lawyer’s bill would look like. Anyway, Bone can’t be Italian with a name like that.”
“His mother could be Italian, Boss. He could be Iorio’s nephew or something,” Periwinkle said.
“I suppose, but somehow I bet he isn’t. We’ll take a close look at him this morning.”
“You can tell from appearances if someone is Italian?” Johnsen asked.
“Oh, yeah. My first clue is when he arrives without his reindeer.”
CHAPTER 13
Jarl Hacon Solves Crimes
Wednesday morning
 “Alphie, you sonofabitch, I is going to kill you.”
“What’s wrong, Uncle Joe?”
“What’s wrong? Youse hire me to knock off that hick deputy in Leyden who must be the luckiest sonofabitch in New York State. His boys shoots Sam, so I send Joe to finish the job. I ain’t found out exactly what happened, but I know some bartender clobbered him, and he’s in the clink. So, youse knows what I gotta do, Alphie? I gotta pay that greedy dipshit Bone to spring him. I musta been brain dead to do this for a measly ten grand. I can make that much haulin cow shit to Albany. Bone’s gonna cost me a fortune. And what is I got to show for this, Alphie? I got cops all over me, and two useless boys. Damn you! This shit ain’t hardly my business. I must be brain dead!”
“It ain’t so bad Uncle Joe. Joe ain’t gonna rat. He knows he’s dead if he does. He’s a good boy. And Sam’s safe with you. Cops know nuthin, so we’re safe. Maybe we lay low for a while.”
“We shoulda laid low from the beginnin’, Alphie. You wasn’t in no trouble. You only thought you was. Now, I gotta tell you, we both is. Damn you! I told my sister not to marry you.”
“Bone’s a good mouthpiece. He’ll get Joe out. Them hicks don’t know nothin’ about the law, Uncle Joe.”
“Don’t count on it.”
Wednesday morning
Shard spent the better part of an hour writing up his report on Panelli’s attempt to shoot him. He put particular emphasis on O’Reilly heroics. Shard hoped maybe the sheriff would give the barkeep a commendation, which would be reported in the Sun-Times. Shard could only imagine O’Reilly’s reaction to seeing his name and face in the paper. He signed off on his report, and turned his attention to finding a Camel, when Brian Bone knocked on the open door.
Bone didn’t look anything like Shard expected. His dark blue suit with thin blue stripes and his brilliantly polished black wingtips marked the uniform of a professional. He was tall, at six feet, almost as tall as Shard. With hair almost as blonde as Johnsen’s, sparkling blue eyes, and a fair complexion, he was a walking advertisement for his northern European antecedents.
“Mr. Bone, I presume?” Shard said, with only the hint of a smile.
“You presume correctly, Lieutenant Shard. I’m here to talk to my client, and arrange bail.”
“You have every right to talk to Mr. Panelli, but I doubt very much he’ll be out on bail anytime soon. Sheriff Stutzenberger is against it and has so informed the judge. Your client, Mr. Bone, attempted to kill me last night. The sheriff’s department and the judge look askance at attempts to murder law enforcement officers.”
“With all due respect, Lieutenant, I have only your word that my client tried to do such a thing. I shall have to hear his side of the story. I assume, that even up here, you adhere to the proposition that every man is presumed innocent until proven otherwise in a court of law?”
“Oh yes, Mr. Bone. But Mr. Panelli didn’t shoot at you. You didn’t stand there and look down the barrel of his pistol. You weren’t holding a glass of very tasty single malt that Mr. Panelli shot out of my hand. I was. He’s guilty as hell, Sir, and I have a witness to corroborate my testimony. But I’ll escort you to the interrogation room where you may interview your client. I would love to hear his take on this afterwards.”
After Shard returned to his office, he lit up the Camel he’d found in the drawer of interrogation room’s table and reached for the phone to call Hugh at the Rochester state police. Instead, he enjoyed his Camel and thought that if Iorio sent Panelli for the second try, the big guy the other night must be his best man. Shard needed to know his full name to complete the picture for Hugh, and he knew where he could get it. He picked up the phone and made a different call.
“Ruth, my love, it’s been a long time,” he said. “This is the fellow who’s had a crush on you for fifteen years.”
“Tony?” It’s so nice to hear your voice after all that time,” Ruth Scarpelli said.
“Wrong guy, my love. This is the hulking lawman you so admire.”
“I know, Tom. You didn’t stop when you were here last week.”
“How’d you know I was in Albany?”
“I have a big family, remember? We Italians stick together. When a cop from the sticks comes to visit my old friend Alphie, we sit up and take notice.”
“Under any other circumstances I would have stopped just to look at you, and wolf down one of your delectable meatball tunnel sandwiches.”
“How do you expect me to keep this place financially afloat when you don’t eat here any more?”
“You could make a profit if you served only your family members. But I need some information.”
“I’m so poor now I’ll have to charge you for it. And by the way, Hope called the other day. She cried during the whole conversation. I suppose you know lawman, that she’s still in love with you and is sorry that she ran out on you. She wants you back, but according to her, you turned her down. Just between you and me and my St. Mary’s sodality medal, I can’t say that I blame you.”
“Thanks Ruth,” Shard said, and proceeded to tell her about the two recent attempts on his life.
“Geez, Lieutenant, you gotta be careful. You make enemies easily.”
“That appears to be the case, Ruth, but I think I know who my enemy is, Uncle Joe Iorio. I seem to remember you know him.”
“I know of him, but I’ve only met him a couple of times.”
“I’m curious to know why Alphie and his thugs call him Uncle when he’s actually Alphie’s brother-in-law? He can’t be both, can he? Unless, of course, you Italians do things differently.”
“Funny, lawman. Uncle Joe’s sister was younger than Joe, way younger. She must have been an afterthought. That makes Joe old enough to be an uncle. But, let me be serious. I’ve told you before; Uncle Joe is dangerous. He’s not someone to fool around with. So, watch your back.”
“I’ve found that out. What I need to know is the name of one of his enforcers, a really big fellow with size sixteen feet. I vaguely remember that Uncle Joe called him Sam when I was in his office.”
“That must be Sam Panelli. He has a reputation for being a killer. Rumor is that he learned his trade as a sharpshooter in the Marines.”
“Panelli? Does he have a brother Joe Panelli?”
“Ah, at last you’re starting to untangle the threads that bind all good Italian families together. But you’re not quite there yet. They’re cousins. Why?”
“When Sam failed to kill me, Iorio sent Joe to finish the job. Luckily he failed too. Who will he send next?”
“I don’t know, Tom, but I have no doubt that he has someone.”
“Wonderful. As long as we’re playing the game of “Who Do You Know,” would you happen to know a Utica lawyer, Brian Bone?”
“We all know Bone. He keeps my relatives out of jail. Why?”
“First of all, is he Italian too?”
“With a name like Bone. Are you nuts?”
“I thought maybe his mother might be.”
“Have you seen the guy? He’s so pale he probably hails from above the Arctic Circle.”
“Yeah, I thought so when I met him about a half hour ago. How did an Anglo like him become a mob attorney? I thought you guys sent your second sons to law school to keep their fathers out of jail.”
“Sometimes we do, but Uncle Joe’s no fool. Bone brings him instant respectability because he was unlucky enough not to have been born Italian.”
“Explain that.”
“The story is that Bone was born to old Utica money, textiles, I’ve heard. Went to posh boarding schools, then Harvard, and got a law degree from Yale. Can’t do much better than that, can you?”
“No.”
“He came back to Utica where he joined an old established practice. Inherited its menu of gilt-edged clients, the knitting companies that remained, a chemical firm, Abet, Utica Foundry, General Electric Light Military Electronics when it was going strong, the local junior college, Eckerds, Iorio’s trucking firm, and God knows who else. They brought him big bucks and exposure to everyone in town who mattered, including Uncle Joe. Bone’s in the country club, sits on boards all over the city, is a wheel in the local Republican Party, a pillar in his church, and power in the Chamber of Commerce. Besides, he dresses well.”
“Then why is he a mouthpiece for the local mob? His firm can’t be too happy with that kind of client.”
“Lawman, it’s obvious why you couldn’t get into law school. He’s the senior partner in the firm now. On paper he represents Iorio Trucking. But I bet Uncle Joe pays him handsomely to represent all his employees.”
“Eckerds? He represents Eckerds? For how long?”
“Haven’t the slightest idea. I only know what my relatives tell me.”
“Interesting. Anything else you’ve heard about him?”
“I know he’s married and has three daughters. I’ve also heard he’s one philandering bastard. Has a reputation for screwing his clients and their wives. I suspect he doesn’t fool around with Uncle Joe’s though.”
“Bet not, if he has any sense.”
“One other question, Ruth. Have you ever heard of a guy named Tim Winter?”
“No, but even you can figure out that he’s not Italian. Unless he has some connection with my family, or is single and hangs out at the Iroquois, I’m not likely to have noticed him. Why?”
“Just a name that keeps popping up in a murder case.”
“Listen, Lieutenant, I know that you work for the government, but I have to make a living. I’ve got to make a tub of meatballs.”
“A tub? You make them in a tub?”
“Only way. Goodbye, and stop in the next time. I’d love to see you now that you’ve worked Hope out of your system.”
Shard gave silent thanks for people like Scarpelli. He wondered if her parting line was an invitation for more than meatballs. He always thought that she had an interest in him, and if he’d stayed with the state police in Albany, they might have gotten together. But, like all his romantic interests, distance, and a host of other factors worked against him. Maybe he was destined to die a lonely bachelor. He picked up the phone again.
“Hugh, Tom Shard.”
Just as he finished explaining his suspicions about Sam Panelli, Bone knocked on his door.
“Come in,” Shard said. “How did it go with Mr. Panelli?”
“Well, I must say his story was at odds with yours. He swears the bartender viciously attacked him when he stood up to go to the bathroom. The guy hit him over the head with a bottle and knocked him out. When he came to, he was tied up on a dirt floor in the cellar where you threatened to kill him. He wants me to charge you and the bartender with assault and battery and unlawful restraint. I think he has a case.”
“What did he say about the gun he pointed at me?”
“He said it fell out of his coat pocket when he was attacked.”
“He’s a felon, you know. Does he have a permit to carry a firearm? I’d be most surprised if he does.”
“I don’t know. I’ll have to check on that.”
“One last question. How did the pistol manage to shoot the glass out of my hand? Especially if he had its safety on?”
“Mr. Panelli said it must have fired when it hit the floor. It was a lucky shot.”
“Yeah, right. I think that even you, Mr. Bone, must find his story full of holes. The bartender, Mr. O’Reilly, doesn’t make it a habit to clonk his customers with bourbon bottles. It would be deleterious to his business. I think you know Mr. Panelli is feeding you a load of crap and that such charges against O’Reilly and me wouldn’t have a chance in court, particularly after the jury got a gander at your client’s rap sheet.”
Bone headed for the door.
“I wouldn’t be too sure of that, Lieutenant. I’m going over to court to file a bail petition for my client.”
“I wish you luck, Mr. Bone.”
Shard suddenly realized he was hungry. He saw that snow was still falling, although more lightly than in the past few days. He headed out to Schuylers for some of Mrs. O.’s beans and franks. Good thinking food, he thought to himself.
Wednesday afternoon
Full of dogs and beans, Shard stopped by his lamppost, stood smoking against Zwitters’ wall, and watched the lazy flakes dance about. Cars crept past, and the town square across the street was almost waist-deep in snow. A dog, probably Dizzy, had left tell-tale signs of his path across the otherwise pristine snow field. It was a beautiful sight that freed Shard’s mind from the nettlesome details of staying alive and encouraged it to wander afield to more important things, such as why Uncle Joe was trying to kill him.
Periwinkle and Johnsen were already in his office, and she offered him his desk chair. Shard took it without comment. 
“You have that look on your face again,” she said.
“What one?” 
“The one that indicates you’re somewhere else talking to people nobody else can see or hear.”
“Yeah,” Shard said, as he looked straight through her.
Out of habit, Periwinkle and Johnsen waited for a revelation. It didn’t take as long as usual.
“Our problem is Hacon,” he said, apropos of nothing. 
His sergeants waited him out.
“The damned saga writers didn’t tell us enough,” he continued. “They left it to us to tease out the important details of the jarl’s actions, much like we have to do with our cases. It would have been a lot easier,…” he began, and then trailed off.
Periwinkle and Johnsen sat quietly.
“I don’t know if he killed his son. That’s the problem. I’ll never know. But I’m going to take a guess, and based on how those maniacs acted, I say he did. Okay?”
“Okay, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“That means he had a problem with him. Maybe the kid threatened his jarldom or something, though he seems to have been a little young for that. But back then nobles killed their children for all sorts of reasons. But he was his son. Is it easy for a father to kill his son? I don’t know. But, forget that. It’s unanswerable.”
“Right, Boss,” said Johnsen.
“It’s all too simple,” Shard continued. “Nothing is simple in this world, not even how we perceive reality.”
Oh, God, Periwinkle thought, he’s really headed to the cliff now.
“And that’s the important point, here. Perception of reality. You know what reality really is?”
“No, Sir,” Periwinkle answered.
“It’s what we think it is. Simple, huh? And we act on that. The other, less believed options are chimeras.”
“Chimeras?” Johnsen asked.
“Yeah, fanciful. But don’t confuse this. Chimeras can become reality, but then they cease to be chimeras. And that might be exactly what we have here.”
“Oh, good,” said Johnsen.
“What Hacon thought was true was more important than actuality. But the saga doesn’t tell us what he thought, not even what he did because of his perception of reality. That’s exactly the point that unlocks this case. If not, it gives us a perception of a different reality.”
“We’re all ears, Boss,” said Periwinkle, who didn’t have a clue what he was talking about. 
“This question has been nagging me. It originates in our inability to attribute motivation to his actions, especially the ones we don’t know about.”
Johnsen caught Periwinkle’s eye and seemed to ask, “what’s he talking about?” 
“We’ll have to come up with our own realities, as we do with every case, and act upon them.. My reality, twelve hundred years later, is that Hacon killed his son, had to. Simple, huh? Not so simple is why, in other words his view of reality. I prefer more complicated realities, as you know. Succession to the jarldom is too simple a reason to murder a son. My sense of reality is that he killed him for some of the same reasons our killer murdered Denise. There you have it. Pretty simple, huh?”
Neither Periwinkle nor Johnsen could think of an intelligent reply, or even a stupid one. They recognized, however, that Shard had not returned from wherever he was, so they awaited his next incomprehensible observation. Sometimes his meanderings made sense – sometimes.
“The key to all this was his jarldom, but it had to do less with succession than with legitimacy,” Shard continued. “The legitimacy problem was probably related to sexual affairs he might not have been able to prove, just as in our case. For some reason, though, he thought they were true, and that became his reality. Thus, if he killed his son, he probably also murdered the concubine who birthed him. Why? Because he thought that the boy was not his son. In other words, he believed the mother had cuckolded him; thus, his jarldom was fated to fall into the hands of a pretender. Someone had fouled his nest, a motive for murder that has stood the test of time. And I think we have it here in Leyden, or Rochester, or Utica. It’s the key to our case.”
With that, Shard’s eyes suddenly focused on his surroundings. 
`“Hi, Boss,” Periwinkle said. “I followed your musings until the very end. A fouled nest is the key to our case? Based on Hacon’s presumed version of reality? Have I got that straight?”
“Yup. Knowing what’s real here, all we have to do is throw suspects out of the fouled nest. The last one sitting in it is our man -- or woman. We can do that right here in the office.”
“But you’ve omitted the most important part, Boss,” Johnsen said. “Whose nest is it?”
“You’re approaching it backwards, Norseman. When we know that, we have the murderer. We only have to know who’s been in the nest, and who threatened the nestholder.”
“Nestholder?” Periwinkle asked. “Is that a new term in the criminal justice manual?”
“It is now. I just coined it. Soon it will become famous in the annals of justice, like Doc’s new medical terms.”
The phone rang, Shard ignored it, and his colleagues followed suit.
“Who builds nests, Periwinkle?”
“Female birds.” 
“Mostly females of all species, yes,” Shard replied. “That’s a working definition of a reality we’re dealing with here. Okay, then what?”
“What do you mean?”
“What happens then? Who do the nests attract?”
“Mature males,” Johnsen offered.
“Sure, seeking the services of the female with the nest. For pleasure and propagation. Both are important, right? But what’s the reality if the male succeeds at one, but not the other?”
“In that case he would probably get only the pleasure,” Johnsen said, “because he can’t impregnate without it.”
“You’re getting warm, kids,” Shard said. “Who’s our nestholder?”
“Denise,” Periwinkle offered.
“Right. Now, all that’s left is to figure out who fouled her nest.”
“But you’re missing an important fact here. Denise didn’t have any children, at least that we know of. So, the killing can’t be over an illegitimate child,” Johnsen said.
“Absolutely true, Norseman. That leaves us with pleasure, or more likely, the lack of it as the motive. Some male whose version of reality was that another guy was getting what he wasn’t. Make sense?”
“Jealousy, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
“One of the most powerful of all motives,” said Shard. “We need to return to that schematic Periwinkle created the other day, add Bradley, and discuss the possibilities. We didn’t have a clear view of reality when we checked it before. Now we do. We put Denise in the nest, and look at the males who hovered around her. Let’s start with Pressman.”
They thought about him for a few moments.
“He’s probably the weakest possibility, Boss,” Periwinkle said. “We can’t even prove that he knew Denise, and his wife, as far as we know, isn’t having an affair with anyone. It’s a hard to see a massive attack of jealousy there. I really don’t think he’s involved in this at all.”
“I agree, he’s the longest shot,” Shard said, “except for the fact that he might be Tim Winter, our next jealous suitor.”
“He’s one of our most puzzling suspects,” said Johnsen. “He’s as elusive as a saga character, maybe more so, because we don’t know his story.”
“But didn’t he admit to you he was with Denise the day we think she was murdered? Or at least the day before?” Shard asked.
“That’s what he told us, but he didn’t indicate that he suspected Denise was involved with anyone else,” Johnsen said.
“More important,” Periwinkle added, ”I think he’s such a cold fish that if he did find she was otherwise engaged, he’d just retreat into his invisibility and figure out a less complicated way to pleasure himself. The last thing he’d want is to become involved with a governmental agency like us that would delve into his personal life. He’s an avoider, Boss. Plus there’s the more fundamental question of whether he really exists. Now, there’s a wrinkle for your reality assumption.”
“True,” Shard said slowly. ”We can’t entirely eliminate him, but Hope and my sense of reality tells me he’s a very minor possibility.”
“That brings us to you, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“I knew we’d get there sooner or later. It’s been twenty years since I’ve been near her nest, maybe three years since I’ve seen her. Besides, as assumptive as my conception of reality might be, I know that I didn’t kill her. I hadn’t a single reason to be jealous of her activities. Hell, I didn’t even know what they were.”
“We believe you, Boss. I hate to say it, but someone who doesn’t know you as well as we do might conclude that you’re still a strong candidate.”
“I agree with you, Norseman, except, as I’ve said, I know for a fact that’s it’s not true. Therefore, that leaves us with Bradley, and the possibility of several scenarios. Based on the premise that he suspected someone had fouled her nest while he was having an affair with her. You agree?”
“I suppose,” Johnsen said.
“Good. Then who fouled her nest?”
“That brings us back to the two, no three, who we’ve already eliminated,” said Periwinkle.
“It does, but now they all beg different questions. We eliminated them as murderers, not as lovers. The question is did Bradley see them in his nest? Or, just as important, believe they were in it?”
“But how do we get inside Bradley’s mind, Boss?” Periwinkle asked.
“We can’t. We can only examine the evidence we have from outside his belief system. But remember, as with Hacon, we all act in accordance with what we believe is true, not necessarily what is true. So, we come at this from the other way: Bradley’s actions reveal his notion of reality. See what I mean?”
“That makes some sense, Boss. Start us off,” Periwinkle said.
“Well, this gets complicated.” 
“Just what we need, more complications,” Johnsen said.
“Winter is the biggest one. He admitted to fouling Bradley’s nest. But we don’t know if he exists, if he’s Pressman or Bradley. My gut instinct is that Winter is fictitious, a cover someone used to hide his affair with Denise. If so, that eliminates one source of jealousy, since one of her suitors was Winter. Moreover, Denise knew who he was as well. Winter may have killed her, but my view of the truth is that it was one of the other two.”
“I hate to say this, Boss, but it could be the other three,” Periwinkle said. “You could have been Winter, or more important, Bradley or Pressman could have thought you were. That means they were jealous of you. I hate to toss you back into the mix, but you’ve been there from the very first.”
“That’s an interesting possibility. Forget whether I had any sexual connection with Denise or killed her. It’s more important that perhaps somebody thought I did, fouled his nest I mean, and was, therefore, jealous.”
“That makes Bradley the most likely to have been jealous of you. He ran off with your girlfriend, and then for some reason suspects you’re having an affair with his nestholder, to use your term. He may believe that everywhere he turns he finds you in the nest before him.”
“If Hope told Bradley about Denise and me, that makes it even a stronger case. And, do you remember, Periwinkle, that when you came downstairs at Denise’s house you mentioned that you had found birth control pills and condoms in her bathroom. You said that some pills and condoms were missing. She had also started to write a ‘Dear John’ letter. You surmised then that she might have been having two affairs, one perhaps short-term.”
“I did wonder about that, Boss.”
“She may have been more promiscuous than we thought. But a short-term affair when she was traveling with Bradley, or Winter? Maybe a series of one-night stands? We’ll never know, but it’s not as important as what Bradley believed she was doing and how he reacted to it.”
“Insanely jealous?” Periwinkle asked.
“Possibly,” Shard said. “I assure you that I didn’t figure into her current romantic adventures, but what if Bradley thought I did?”
“That’s a possibility,” Johnsen said. “It might also explain other elements of the case. In a jealous fit he strangles Denise and then decides to point the blame on the man he believed fouled his nest – you. He gets away with murder, you go to jail for life, and he eliminates the man he believes fouled both of his nests. Neat, huh?”
“Worse, Boss, what if he believed that you are having an affair with Hope?” Periwinkle asked. “If Bradley had wind of her affair and didn’t know whom she was seeing, wouldn’t it be logical for him to include you on his list of suspects? Especially if in a fit of anger Hope told him that she wished she’d stayed with you, or worse, that she’d take you back in a heartbeat. If she did, this must have made it doubly sweet to wreak vengeance on both women and the man who had vexed him for years. Now, that’s jealousy.” 
“And it fits neatly with how I think it played out in the Ramada Inn that Saturday night. Presumably they were in or on the bed, and maybe Denise wasn’t interested in having sex with him. If Bradley had recently argued with Hope, and she had also refused to have sex with him, he may have felt his manhood threatened. Then Denise’s refusal in the Ramada brought out the Hacon in him. Bradley slapped her around a little and she resisted. That enraged him and he began to beat her. In their struggle he put his hands around her neck and squeezed – too long and too hard. Maybe he didn’t intend to, but….”
“But he still had to get her body into your garage, Boss. How’d he manage that?” Johnsen asked.
“I’ve given that some thought too,” Shard said. “But if he killed her Saturday night or Sunday, and I found her Tuesday, he didn’t have much time. But if his reality was twisted by what he thought I was doing with Hope, it might have been natural that he’d decide to bring her to my house. I don’t think he would dare do it Sunday night because I was at home. He would do it either Monday or Tuesday. But since we know he spent only one night, Sunday, at the Cascades, I suspect he did it on Monday while I was at work.”
“But you’d think the whole neighborhood would have seen him, Boss,” Periwinkle said. “It was broad daylight after all, and his purple car.”
“But the clouds were low and dark all day and it snowed hard. It was gloomy. I’d guess he drove to my place Monday morning at, say nine or ten o’clock. If he backed up my driveway in my tire tracks, he would be very close to my carriage house door. If it were unlocked, it would have taken him only a moment to take Denise out of his trunk and carry her into the carriage house. He then ditched the car on the street behind my house and walked to the motel to catch his ride. When I got home the snow had accumulated in the tracks and maybe his footprints as well. I didn’t notice any. Ditto for Tuesday. If that’s the way he did it, he got lucky. No neighbors noticed the car, a man carrying a corpse, or anybody near my carriage house.”
“He was lucky for sure,” Johnsen said.
“So, you see, it’s all based on Hacon’s sense of reality, I think he’s our man. He had motive,” Shard said quietly. “And I would add one more observation: Bradley must have found it ridiculously easy to set me up. He knew my history and habits. If he had a key to her house, all he had to do after he killed her was go there and scatter incriminating evidence around. A photograph Hope had kept, for example. She must have told him I smoked unfiltered Camels, not exactly a popular cigarette anymore. Bradley types the incriminating letter, plants the condoms, steals a few of her birth control pills, and maybe even buys the expensive lingerie, although I have doubts about that. Most guys aren’t very comfortable in lingerie stores. The cat named Tom bothers me though. It appears she got it before she left for Vegas. Bradley may have just gotten lucky there. Maybe she simply named him for his most obvious parts. Or, maybe Bradley named it for her. Anyway, I don’t think the case hinges on the cat. It’s about sex, Hacon, and perceptions of reality”
“You make a persuasive case, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
Shared looked out his window. It was dark, but he could still see occasional flakes.
“The storm must be waning, and it’s time for me to visit my moose,” he said, as he pulled on his coat, and walked out of the office.
“I’m not so sure that his assumptions are sound,” Johnsen said.
“And another point, Norseman. I still think he’s withholding information about his relationship with Denise then, and maybe even now,” Periwinkle said. “He never replied directly to my questions about that. He isn’t going to tell us, and I think that means he did sleep with the woman, sometime, somewhere. That could make a difference.”
“Both of us probably believe that he did, little flower. That has become our reality, and we’ll factor it into our deliberations.”
“We already have, Norseman.”

CHAPTER 14 
Shard's Past Saves Hope
Wednesday night
Shard didn’t enjoy his repast at Schuylers. He didn’t have anyone he cared to talk to, Mrs. O. put too much cabbage into him, and O’Reilly was downright taciturn. More unsettling, Shard couldn’t turn his mind off. He began to doubt that Bradley was the only answer to the mystery. Something was wrong with that conclusion, even if his premises were correct. Hacon, the nestholder, jealousy, affairs, fictitious characters, even his possible involvement with the nestholder, all made sense. But at the same time it didn’t. The solution was too pat, and at the same time, not neat enough.
The drifts in his driveway loomed over the hood of his Crown Vic. Absentmindedly he gave them a few smacks with the front end to get the cruiser off the street.
He waded through the snow to his carriage house. He needed something to settle his mind and Mrs. O.’s cabbage. He switched on the overhead bulb and admired his Morgan’s classic lines. Without thinking, he took a Camel from the bottom of his old-fashioned fuse box and pulled up his stool to do a little polishing. 
As he cleaned out the crevasses around the spare tire on the Morgan’s rear end, his mind stepped back to Hacon’s images of reality and concluded that Bradley did have the best motives for killing Denise.
The difficulty was that he explained only half the puzzle. Try as he might, he couldn’t connect Bradley to Iorio’s attempts to kill him. He had no evidence that the two men knew each other and couldn’t imagine Iorio had the slightest interest in Denise’s murder. Shard almost believed they must be two separate cases, Denise and something else. It was the something else that eluded him. As he carefully polished the spare’s chrome spokes, he decided that to solve the puzzle, he had to figure out Iorio’s version of reality.
He hardly knew the man, except for that one meeting and his fleeting acquaintance with the boss’s hired killers. That only indicated that Iorio’s view of reality was powerful enough to prompt him to kill a cop, something his ilk was loath to do. He must have reasoned that Shard was such a serious threat that he sent his top hired legal gun to ensure that Joe Panelli didn’t talk. Iorio feared something, but what?
The image of Iorio’s Yale lawyer popped up in Shard’s mind. On the face of it, he was too well trained and too socially prominent to dirty his hands with such cases. Shard’s mind drifted off to the fact that Ruth didn’t think much of the man, probably because he was unfaithful to his wife.
She had given him a list of some of Bone’s prominent clients, among which Shard remembered were Abet and Eckerds. He chewed over the implications of that. Denise worked for Eckerds, Pressman for Abet, a drug firm and a research company Pressman swore wasn’t one. Denise worked for Eckerds, which Bone represented. His mind heard Ruth saying that he screws his clients and their wives. Had he slept with Denise? Should Periwinkle have added him to her chart? 
Suppose Bone and Denise had had an affair, Shard asked himself. That would connect Bone, Shard, and Denise. But Iorio couldn’t have known about Shard’s relationship with the victim, and that couldn’t threaten anyone. Unless the threat was from Bone and Denise. But why would Iorio care who Bone slept with? He reputedly slept with many women, but then a tiny voice in the back of Shard’s mind asked, how many of them had been murdered?
Shard no longer noticed the spokes; he began to see something more important, the place where the two legs came together.
If Iorio knew that Bone had slept with Denise and knew that she had been murdered, he might have assumed that his lawyer had done it. The more Iorio considered the possibility, the more it must have become a truth for him, a reality like Hacon’s. 
What would Iorio do? He could kill Bone, but he didn’t. He would protect him because he needed his legal talents and respectability and could be trusted to keep his mouth shut. So, instead, Iorio tries to kill Shard? That’s the part that didn’t make a lot of sense.
His ruminations were interrupted by a sharp knock on the service door. Shard first thought that Iorio was reading his mind and had sent another henchman to kill him. He glanced at his watch; it was almost ten o’clock. Too late for visitors. He couldn’t remember where he’d left his pistol but suspected it was on his bedside table where it had been for months. He quietly tiptoed over to the door and picked up the six-foot pry bar that his father kept there. At the same time he clicked off the light. 
While he waited for his eyes to adjust to the blackness, he heard Johnsen yell, “Oh, come on Boss. We know you’re in there. Open up. It’s cold out here.”
With relief, he opened the door.
“Why are you standing in the dark holding a crow bar? That’s the biggest one I’ve ever seen,” Johnsen said.
“I didn’t know who was out here. Given that I must have a target painted on my back, I’m taking precautions.”
“You would have been safer with your .38, Boss. Crowbars are a little old fashioned these days. They were out of style back in Medieval Norway.”
“What brings you out in the middle of the night? Something wrong?”
“It’s almost as cold in here as it is outside,” Periwinkle said. “Don’t you have any heat in this place?”
“There’s a woodstove over there, but I’d be a little afraid to fire it up. I’d hate to burn the Morgan’s house down. There’s chair over there by the workbench, a stool behind the car, and the car seat. Take your pick. Why are you here?”
“I’m not going to sit in that car seat. The last occupant didn’t get in or out by herself. Remember?” said Periwinkle.
“Okay,” Shard said. “Now, why are you here?”
“We got to talking after you left, and we thought you were a little strange this afternoon. After your mental wanderings and conclusion that Bradley killed Denise, you really didn’t seem to believe it. After chewing it over, we decided that you know some things you’re not telling us. Is that true?”
“It’s funny you should say that,” Shard said. “You’re dead right. I did leave this afternoon unsure of whether Bradley’s guilt explained all aspects of the case. It doesn’t account for why someone is trying to kill me, or my gut instinct that the Albany and Utica mobs have come together to get me. More important, it tells me nothing about why would they would want to.”
“We wondered why you didn’t address that aspect of the case,” Johnsen said. 
“I suppose I was thinking a leg at a time. Since I left you guys this afternoon, I’ve been working on the other leg. I got nowhere until I sat down here to polish my spokes. Then all sorts of odd bits of information came together in line with my assumptions about how Hacon saw his world. Do you want to hear what I think?”
“Wait a moment, Boss,” said Periwinkle, as she extracted a half-full bottle of single malt from her pea coat pocket. From the other she pulled out three glasses.
“I think we need some warmth first. Norsemen, get us some snow to mix with this expensive warmth medicine, will you?”
Shard lifted the lid on his pot-bellied stove, took out a Camel, and sat on the workbench where Periwinkle served him with a half a glass of scotch with a small mound of crystalline snow in the middle. Thus fortified, he brought his colleagues up on his thinking on Iorio and Bone.
“That sounds reasonable,” Johnsen said, when Shard had finished. 
Before Shard could reply, Periwinkle said, “it’s all circumstantial, Boss. You’re piling assumption upon assumption. If one is faulty, your theory will tumble like a house of cards.”
Shard tried to wrap his mind around the image of a theory tumbling. He couldn’t, but he understood exactly what she meant the cliché to illustrate.
“You’re right,” he said, as he took a sip of scotch, “absolutely right. But let me pose this to you. Are you a Christian?”
“I guess so, yes,” she replied.
“Okay. I remember a religion professor I had at Albany who said that if you don’t believe Jesus was born of a virgin and rose from the dead, you can’t be a Christian. Now, if you do believe those two things, you probably also believe hundreds of other truths about Christianity. What objective proof do we have for most of them? Many say it’s in the Bible, parts of which were written hundreds of years after events, which therefore makes it hearsay evidence not admissible in court. Yet, Christians strive to live their lives in accordance with such circumstantial premises, which makes them do strange things like wear hair shirts, self flagellate, and make pilgrimages to forlorn places. I’m sitting out here in the cold trying to create a bible to explain why some maniac is trying to kill me and tie it together with the story of a murdered woman.”
“But you’re not Jesus,” Johnsen said. “If he was the Son of God, all his assumptions about reality must have been true. He knows everything.”
“No, I’m far from being Jesus, but we are detectives. What do detectives do? We create a string of evidence, some parts of which we can’t prove beyond a shadow of a doubt, but which have to have occurred to explain the crime. It’s a heavy responsibility, for if we’re dead wrong, we can cause great harm to the accused. So, we have to be careful, which we’re trying to do here. With luck, our version of reality will bear some resemblance to actuality.”
Shard drained the rest of his glass.
“You wouldn’t happen to have a little more of that warmth of the gods and a dollop of snow, would you Periwinkle?”
As she refilled his glass, she said, “all right, let’s assume everything you’ve surmised about Iorio, Bone, and Denise is biblically correct. It still doesn’t explain why Iorio is trying to kill you. He can’t have known about your relationship with Denise twenty years ago, or maybe even lately. To be honest, Boss, we don’t either.”
“That’s exactly where I was when you came in.”
Shard swirled some of the scotch-laden ice around in his mouth. He thought it tasted better than sucking on a scotch-coated ice cube. He decided he’d have to tell O’Reilly about this.
“Did I say that’s where I was when you arrived?”
“You did, Boss,” Periwinkle said.
“Good. So allow me to pile on more circumstantial evidence, derived from my assumptions about human proclivities.”
“Go ahead, Boss,” said Johnsen, as he poured himself a generous dollop from Periwinkle’s bottle. “You know, I like this stuff better with snow in it.”
“We have no shortage of that, Norseman. It’s just too bad that it doesn’t rain scotch in the summer. Life would be perfect then, wouldn’t it?” Shard asked.
“I’d prefer beer rain.”
“Yuck,” Periwinkle said.
“We digress,” said Shard. “Here’s how I see this, and I invite your comments. I think that Iorio discovered that Bone slept with Denise. I think Iorio then assumed his lawyer killed her. His first instinct was to protect his lawyer. He didn’t consider Denise at all. What I’d give another glass of this fine scotch to know is when Iorio found out she was dead. If he knew it before I found her, then he had two or three days to use her body to set me up for the murder.”
“But why you?” Johnsen asked. “Why not anybody between Rochester and here? It doesn’t seem smart to set up a police officer.”
“Exactly, Norseman. And that’s where another supposition comes in. Iorio had never met me. But I’m positive he knew about me from what Copper overheard Spinello’s muscle talking about at his spaghetti house in Albany. They tied Spinello to Uncle Joe to an unnamed cop, who has to be me. You know what else I think? I think that Iorio saw a chance to kill two birds with one stone. And that can’t be a cliché because I said it. Spinello hates me, and I think he pressured Uncle Joe to get me to stop threatening him. Uncle Joe saw a chance to make a profit and protect Bone at the same time.”
“This is giving me a headache, Boss, and I haven’t even drunk half of my first glass of flavored snow,” Periwinkle said.
“Which brings me to another supposition which I shall treat as fact. According to Shard, verses 11-21, I don’t think Iorio knew anything about Denise’s murder until he read her obit.”
Shard leaned over to the row of drawers on the workbench’s left side, selected the one that his father had labeled, “Misc. Nuts,” scrabbled around in the pile inside, and pulled out a Camel. 
“Where was I? Oh yeah. I suspect that during that period Spinello prevailed upon Iorio to pin the blame for a murder on me and offered to pay his uncle to kill my Ellen and leave her body in my bed. How he knew about her is anybody’s guess, but I’m convinced he did, because that’s the gist of what Cooper overheard. So, on that Saturday, Iorio sent Panelli number one to Buffalo. Panelli may be a great sharpshooter, but he’s mentally slow. He killed an Ellen all right, but the wrong one. Then he totes her body to Lyons, instead of Leyden, where he finds a cop named Tom Sharpe. He deposits her body in poor Sharpe’s bed and reports to Iorio that he’s accomplished his mission, and his boss believes him. So, we have two murders that ironically cross in or near Rochester. Both victims are discovered on cops’ premises. Make sense?”
“So far, Boss,” said Johnsen. “But this still doesn’t explain why Iorio wants to kill you.”
“Before I tell you that, is there anything left in that bottle of the gods’ elixir, Periwinkle? I need more proof before I bring this together.”
Johnsen unwound his lanky frame from the door jam and disappeared into the driveway.
“Finally not a flake falling, folks,” he said as he returned with a fist-full of snow.
“Nice alliteration, Norseman,” Shard said. “But back to the bible according to Shard. Wouldn’t you have loved to have seen Iorio and Spinello’s faces when they saw Denise’s obit? They couldn’t have missed the implied connection or misconnection. My hunch is that Spinello realized that Uncle Joe‘s boy had screwed up and killed the wrong woman. I also think that he called Uncle Joe to explain it. Uncle Joe then discovered that his sharpshooter couldn’t remember his own phone number. Spinello had no idea Bradley killed Denise and Iorio thought Bone had done it. I’ll bet you a box of Cuban cigars, that for different reasons they concluded that someone had done their work for them, and they’d gotten what they wanted, namely me out of the way. And I’ll also wager they haggled over the money Spinello owed Uncle Joe. Spinello didn’t think he got his money’s worth, and Uncle Joe demanded full payment because a dead woman is a dead woman.”
“But the legs still don’t come together, Boss. Besides we’re almost out of scotch, and it’s getting colder that a well digger’s proverbial fanny out here,” Periwinkle said.
“That’s a problem I can solve,” said Shard. “I have a cabinet full of this stuff in the house and central heat. Plus, you’ll be pleased to know, Norseman, three chairs. Let’s go.”
As he went out, Shard slid his fingers along the top of the doorframe and put the Camel he found there in his coat pocket.
Inside, Shard stuck some wadded up newspapers under the half-burned logs in the fireplace, tossed a couple of fresh ones on top, and lighted the pile.
“You know where I keep Scotland’s only important export, Norseman.”
Johnsen returned with a bottle of 15 year-old Longmorn, and handed it to Shard, who assumed his most engaging smile. “Couldn’t you find a ten year old single malt? I save this stuff for special guests.”
“Sorry, Boss,” Johnsen said, “but please finish your bible.”
“It’s almost done, Viking. I don’t know the exact timing from that fateful Saturday on, but I’ll wager Iorio recognized Denise’s name in the paper and thought that it was providential that her body was in my carriage house. That exculpated his legal beagle and gave Spinello what he wanted. Therefore, Panelli’s screw-up didn’t matter because Iorio was going to make Spinello pay anyway. Everything was just dandy.”
“If it’s all dandy, why are his guys shooting at you?” asked Periwinkle. 
“Au contraire, my friend, he thinks that he does. I sealed my fate when I showed up at his office asking about Denise. Despite his macho show of force, I now know I worried him more than I thought. His knew nothing of Denise and me, but thought he knew that Bone had killed her and was scared I’d find out. When I mentioned the Manseur murder to him, he realized that I was thinking that the two killings were connected. Little did he know how far I was from figuring that out, but that didn’t matter. It mattered more what he thought was true. He concluded that if I was working on that angle, he had real problems. He, his lawyer, Panelli, and his brother-in-law could all be implicated. If the others ratted him out, he’d face serious time. His safest course was to get rid of me and make a few bucks in the process.”
“That’s almost as good as a saga story,” Johnsen said. 
“I’ve gone one better; I’ve written a bible. That’s why the Kaiser pays me the big bucks.”
Wednesday night
After Periwinkle and Johnsen left, Shard poured himself a couple of fingers of Longmorn and settled into his favorite chair to watch his fire burn down.
He was tired, but he couldn’t switch his mind off. He felt confident that he was right. Bradley had killed Denise and Iorio was responsible for Ellen Manseur’s death and had ordered the attacks on Shard. But a sub-consciousness thought nagged at him, a loose end that didn’t quite mesh with his construct.
Shard roused himself and went into the kitchen to retrieve the Camel on the top of the mayonnaise jar in the refrigerator door. On his way back to the fire, it suddenly hit him. It wasn’t a fact that eluded him, it was an unasked question namely, why didn’t Bradley kill Hope? Or, more accurately, why hadn’t he already killed her?
He tried to put himself in Bradley’s place. He had almost pulled off a perfect murder, whether he intended to kill Denise or not. His name was on nothing -- Winter’s was. He had eliminated a woman who threatened his manhood, had denied him what he thought were his sexual dues, and worse, might be sleeping with the man who had once lived with his wife and perhaps was sharing her bed again. Kill Denise, blame the murder on Shard, a two for one.
If I were Bradley, Shard thought, I’d be scared to death. She could provide the evidence that would unravel his perfect crime. She knows about Winter, and Bradley is pretty certain she did not buy his explanation about worming corporate secrets out of him. She may be a souse, Bradley thinks, but she’s not stupid. Without a doubt she has hidden those receipts somewhere to use as blackmail later. She’s the only person, other than her unnamed friend, who can testify to his relationship with Denise. At the very least, if she suspects that Bradley and his paramour charged Winter’s expenses off to Eckerd’s or Hofmann-LaRoche’s travel accounts, as Winter told Norseman, she could get him fired.
The most important question, Shard realized, was whether Bradley knows she had talked to Shard. If he does, Hope’s in real danger, because he doesn’t know what she told him, and he can’t believe anything she says. His fears might be allayed, however, by the knowledge that a wife can’t be forced to testify against a husband. But that means he’d have to stay married to her, and by now their relationship must be colder than the far side of the moon.
Divorce wouldn’t be as satisfying as killing her. Moreover, a divorce would leave her free to go to the police and testify against him. He can’t live with her and is afraid to live without her, Shard concluded.
He didn’t have many options. He could kill her or run. That would buy him some time to decide what to do about her. But that wouldn’t satisfy a Hacon’s burning desire for the revenge he had to have at all costs. Therefore, Shard decided, killing Hope was his only solution. Shard didn’t know whether he’d try to pin that murder on him or not, but that wasn’t the important question. 
Shard took the last sip of Scotch and stirred the coals. “I should warn her,” he said to the few remaining glowing embers. The clock on the mantel pointed to 6:42, and he wondered when he’d last wound it. He checked the one on the stove that reported it was 12:07. “A little late,” he informed the stove, “but never too late. Huh?” He looked up her number and dialed. He let it ring a dozen times until he was certain that her answering machine was switched off. “As much as I hate the idea of driving to Utica at this hour, I have to,” he mumbled aloud, as he pulled on his black coat and fished a Camel out of the sugar canister.
Wednesday night
He parked his car in a dry cleaner’s lot on the corner and walked in the street up the block. The houses were all dark and there was no traffic. He slid his key noiselessly into the lock. As he shed his boots in the foyer he saw only a pale gray light flickering in the den. She must have fallen asleep watching TV, he thought, or more likely, passed out. He tiptoed through the living and dining rooms to the den’s archway where he saw her sprawled awkwardly on the couch. God, how I hate the bitch, he thought. He picked up a heavy lamp, crossed the room, and swung its base down towards the back of her head. She chose that moment to turn over and instead of crushing her skull, the lamp bounced off her shoulder blade. She screamed and rolled onto the floor at his feet. Before he could strike again she sank her teeth into his ankle.
“God damned you,” he yelled, and smashed the lamp into her back. The blow’s awkward angle shattered the light bulb and drove glass splinters into his hand. “God damn it,” he bellowed, and dropped lamp. While he checked his bloody hand, she scrambled to her feet and tried to run. He threw himself on top of her knocking her down, grabbed her hair, and smashed her face again and again against the hardwood floor. She writhed and screamed and kicked, but couldn’t free herself. Blood spurted from her nose.  He relentlessly slammed her head on the floor shouting, “you drunken bitch, I’ll teach you to sleep with that Goddamned cop.”
She began to feel detached from her body. It was as if she were watching someone else being beaten. She couldn’t even feel the pain anymore. Far in the distance she could hear someone cursing, but his words became indistinct. Then she slid into blessed unconsciousness. She relaxed.
Her limpness only made Bradley angrier. He wanted her to know what he was doing. He wanted her to beg him to stop like Denise had. He kept pounding her face on the floor to wake her up. “Cry. Do something,” he screamed. He stood and kicked her face again and again until blood flowed freely from her mouth. The more he kicked and the more she bled, the madder he became. “You Goddamned slut, when I’m finished with you no man will ever look at you again,” he promised.
Over the sounds of his blows and rants, Bradley heard the doorbell. He stopped and held his breath. It chimed again. He hoped whoever it was would go away, but he didn’t. He wiped his bloody hands on his shirt and pants, walked to the living room window and peered at the front stoop through the crack at the edge of the curtain. He made out the shape of a very large man who pressed the button again. 
Thursday morning, very early
As he backed out of his driveway, it occurred to Shard that he shouldn’t be with Hope alone. His could draft any uniform hanging around the coffee pot to go with him, but decided he’d rather have Johnsen who, since the bars hadn’t closed, must be up -- somewhere. 
Shard stopped at headquarters and asked Neal, “do you know where Sergeant Johnsen is?” 
“Good evening, Lieutenant. You’re out late tonight.”
“I am. Can you find Johnsen for me?”
“Oh, I know where he is, or was about twenty minutes ago. At The Happy Turtle. Joe Duffy radioed Henry Polk that he’d just seen the sergeant’s convertible in the Turtle’s parking lot.”
“Well, call him at the Turtle, will you, and ask him to get up here as fast as he can. Where the hell is the Turtle anyway?”
“It’s on the other side of the old canal, back in the woods. I hear it’s where the young folks go for fun. I’m too old for that though. I have all my fun at home, Lieutenant.”
“I’ll bet,” Shard said, and instantly regretted it.
Johnsen arrived within five minutes. Shard handed him a large cup of Bluder’s best and explained what he planned to do. “Are you sober, Norseman,” he asked.
“I’m always sober, Sir, It’s an integral part of my Norwegian genes. We never get drunk.”
“Fine. Get your pistol and find some shells for my shotgun. I’m not sure I have any in the car. And I’ll meet you out back in three minutes.”
Shard took the front steps two at a time and crossed to his streetlight where he retrieved a half a dozen Camels. “This could be a long night,” he informed the streetlight.
Thursday morning, very early
On the drive down to Utica Shard filled Johnsen in on his earlier musings.
“You really think he’ll try to kill her?” 
“It seems the most reasonable course of action. I’m not sure why he’s let her live this long.”
“She didn’t answer the phone. What do we do if she’s not there?”
“Then we revert to Plan B, my good man.”
“What is Plan B?” asked Johnsen.
“I haven’t a clue.” 
They didn’t see any cars near Hope’s darkened house. Shard slipped shells into his shotgun and Johnsen took his Glock out of his coat pocket.
The doorbell chimes ring deep inside the house.
“They’re loud enough to wake the dead,” Johnsen said.
They rang again.
“This doesn’t look good, Boss.”
“Hit it again. It may take her forever to get downstairs or she may be afraid to answer the door at this time of night. Who knows?”
“More likely she’s shacked up with Pressman.”
“That’s a possibility,” Shard said.
“It might be my imagination, Boss, but I think I saw the curtain move in the second window on the right.”
Shard held the doorbell down for a good five seconds.
“Open up! It’s the police!” he called, in a voice he hoped was low enough not to disturb the whole neighborhood.”
“You know, Norseman, even before you saw the curtain move, I had the gut instinct that someone’s in there. Empty houses emit cold; they hate to be alone. This one isn’t. Someone’s in there.”
“If so, Boss, and if that someone doesn’t want to answer the door, what can we do? And we’re in Utica’s jurisdiction.”
“This is Mohawk County isn’t it? We work for The Mohawk County Sheriff’s Department. Remember?”
“You know perfectly well, Boss, that the Utica police supercede us down here.”
“Yeah. Yeah. Did you bring your picks?”
“Unhuh.”
“How long to get in this door? I don’t want to have to bust it down.”
“Thirty seconds at most, Boss. I aced lock picking at Bemidji.”
“Did they really have a such a course for credit?” 
“Yup, damned useful one too,” said Johnsen, as he swung the door open. 
The only light came from a glow in the back of the house.
“Someone’s in here,” Shard said. “I can feel it. Keep a distance between us and be ready for anything.”
They eased into the foyer. They could see well enough to avoid furniture, and their hearing sharpened in inverse proportion to their inability to see. Neither could hear anything.
“It’s like a tomb in here,” Johnsen whispered.
“Shhhh.” 
They went into the living room, where Johnsen thought he’d seen a curtain move, but nobody was there. They walked quietly down opposite sides of the room into the dining room and around the table. Nothing. They met at the archway into the den, where Shard spotted Hope’s body on the floor.
“Holy shit! Is that what I think it is?” he asked, forgetting his admonition to keep quiet. “Switch on the lights.”
The bulbs in the brass wall sconces’ temporarily blinded them. Shard rubbed his left eye and looked down again.
“Oh, Christ, it’s Hope,” he said, as he knelt down to examine her.
“Somebody has beaten the hell out of her,” he said. He slipped his hand into the gore behind her ear to feel for a pulse.
“I can’t feel anything”
As he scooted on his knees he heard a faint wheeze when he passed her face. He bent lower and carefully looked. Her nostrils flared ever so little with each breath. He reached under her, gently pulled out her left arm, and lightly pressed his thumb on the inside of her wrist. He could feel a slight indication of a pulse.
“I was wrong, Norseman, she’s still alive, but barely. Call 911 and tell them to get an ambulance and the police over here, pronto. And, keep an eye out for Bradley. He could be in here somewhere.”
Thursday morning, very early
While he hovered over her, Shard became acquainted with the vagaries of time. He later figured it took no more than seven or eight minutes for the EMTs to arrive, but the wait seemed so long that he believed that God had blown dirt into the inner workings of his universe to retard its clockwork. Even the grandfather clock in the dining room seemed to tick more slowly. At this rate, Shard thought, the Kaiser’s reelection will be over before help gets here.
“Einstein was right, Norseman, time isn’t perfectly linear, is it?” 
“I could have told Him that, Boss. Know how long a hot date lasts? -- about eight seconds. A really bad date? -- four days. I wonder if Einstein ever had a date?”
“He must have; he had kids. Are you watching the doorways Norseman? Bradley’s in here, somewhere, And I don’t think Einstein had anything to do with this. For one thing, he wasn’t Norwegian.”
The door chimes interrupted their discussion of relativity. Someone announced, “Utica Ambulance Service. Did someone here call us?”
A door wide open in the middle of a winter night should have answered their question, Shard thought, but held his tongue.
“Whoa, what a mess!” the EMT said delicately. “Someone beat the hell out of her. Is she still alive?”
Shard was losing his patience. “If she were dead, would I have called you guys? She’s hanging on for dear life.” He didn’t even apologize for the cliché.
Two Utica cops pushed past the EMTs.
“What happened here?” the smaller of the two asked. “And who are you?”
Shard and Johnsen showed them identification. “We just got here,” he said, “and we think the guy who did this might still be in the house. If one of you will guard the back door while the other watches the front, we’ll search the place. Just don’t let him get away. Okay?”
Johnsen expected the two Utica cops to object to being ordered around by a sheriff’s deputy, but they didn’t. Maybe it was Shard’s command voice that made the difference, he thought.
“Come on Norseman, let’s go. We’ll check the back of the house and, if we find nothing, head upstairs.”
The larger of Utica’s finest was already in the kitchen with the light on when they walked in.
“Is the back door bolted from the inside?” Shard asked.
The cop looked at it. “Yup.”
“What’s behind that door over there,” Shard asked.
“I don’t know. You told me to guard the outside door.”
Shard grimaced, but said nothing. He opened the door and found an unoccupied half bath. The door next to it revealed a large pantry with floor to ceiling, almost empty, shelves.
“They didn’t eat much, did they?” Johnsen said. “Who’d want a wife who didn’t cook?”
Shard threw him a sharp look that suggested that probably wasn’t the brightest thing the Norseman had ever said.
“Lets go upstairs,” said Shard as he clicked wall switches that illuminated the stairs and the second floor landing.
The climbed slowly and at the top Shard motioned Johnsen to go left to check the rooms on that end. Shard moved quietly to his right to an open door. He peered around the jam and then walked into a guest bedroom with twin beds and a nightstand between them. He slid around the end of the beds and carefully opened the door to a closet. He stood off to one side holding his sawed off shotgun at waist level, and looked under the hanging clothes for legs. The floor was piled with shoeboxes, two and three high, which made him wonder if Hope spent all her food money on shoes. Seeing no pants or feet behind the boxes, he turned to the door next to the closet. Shard pushed the partially ajar door open with the barrel of his shotgun. It was another empty bathroom. He turned on the lights and crossed the room to the open door opposite that connected with a master bedroom that featured a king size bed with a huge flat screen TV at its foot. On the opposite side of the bed were mirrored sliding doors; a walk-in closet he presumed. After taking a peek under the bed that was home to dust bunnies the size of his fist, he turned on the overhead light and walked over to the mirrors.
Shard flipped the nearby switch and saw light spill out from under the doors. He slid the right one open, keeping his body behind the other. The closet was huge, quite uncharacteristic for house this age, he thought. Three walls held racks full of hanging garments. Two of them were crammed with a woman’s clothes and the other held a long row of a man’s suits, interrupted in the middle by a white, floor to ceiling, built-in chest of drawers. Shard checked below the clothes on all three walls and found nothing except more women’s shoes. As he turned to leave he realized he couldn’t see on the other side of the chest. He kept his back to the suits and edged over to look. He found men’s shoes, all perfectly aligned, except for one odd pair that faced outwards. He flattened back against the white chest and said in a normal tone of voice, “Bradley, this is Thomas Shard, and I think it’s time we met. I should tell you that I have a double-barreled, sawed off shotgun. Now, listen to my instructions. I’m going to call my deputy to come in here, and then I’m going to count to three. If you have a gun, I want you to toss it out into the middle of the closet floor and then come out of there slowly with both hands on your head. If you don’t, I will shoot you. Johnsen! Come here! Now!” he yelled.
“One,” Shard said. Nothing happened. “Two. You’re running out of time Bradley.”
Before he could say “three,” Bradley said quietly, “all right, I’m coming out. I’m unarmed. Don’t shoot.”
“Slowly,” Shard ordered.
Bradley did as he was told. In the bright closet light, Shard could see that his clothes were covered with blood, especially below the knees.
Johnsen rushed into the closet, holding his Glock with both hands in front of him.
“Sergeant Johnsen, I want to introduce you to Bradley Freeney, husband of the woman we found downstairs. Judging from his clothes, I’d say he had something to do with nearly beating her to death. Cuff him, Norseman.”
“I want to call my lawyer,” Bradley said. “I’m gong to charge you both with police brutality.”
“Be my guest,” Shard said as he un-cocked and lowered his shotgun. “Let’s go downstairs. You wife is on the way to the hospital, and the two Utica cops down there will escort you to the city lockup. You may call your lawyer and file charges there.”
Downstairs, Shard asked the Utica policemen to take Bradley in and charge him with attempted murder.  And he added, “you guys did exemplary jobs. I’ll call Captain Muccione and tell him.”
“Thanks.” 
“Just one more thing,” Johnsen said, “what time do the bars close tonight?”
The swarthy, taller officer, appeared puzzled, but answered, “three o’clock.”
The Norseman looked at his watch. “Perfect. Boss, we have 22 minutes and I know a nice place only a couple of blocks away. I need to finish my evening, which was so rudely interrupted. And, by the way, it’s your turn to treat.”
“You’ll get no argument from me, Norseman.”
Thursday morning
 “Are my eyes deceiving me, Boss? I think I saw a hint of sun on my way in this morning,” said Periwinkle, as she walked into Shard’s office.
“I missed that significant moment,” Shard said, as he rummaged through the piles on his desk in search of an elusive Camel. “But I did notice that nothing was falling from the sky, and I took that as a good sign. In another three or four months the snow will be gone. I’ll put my top down and cruise the back roads.”
“If your car starts,” Johnsen said, as he realized that he was relegated to the wastebasket again.
“It always starts, Norsemen, at least most of the time,” Shard said, cognizant of how stupid that sounded, as he fished a reclusive Camel out of a used envelope.
“You two don’t look too chirpy this morning,” Periwinkle said. “Did you hit the bars together last night, while I was warmly tucked in for a restful sleep?”
“Should we hit her now, Boss? Or wait?”
 “That was a joke, guys.”
“I know,” said Shard, “but the truth is we did close a bar in Utica this morning at something past three. I figure I got about ninety minutes of sleep. How about you Norseman?”
“No more than that. But we Norwegians are a tough lot. I feel as if I had two hours at least.”
“Okay, what gives? I know that the last thing you’d do. Boss, is to tag after the Viking to some tawdry joint in Utica. Where were you?”
Shard gave her a wan smile, explained, and then added, “I called Catholic Hospital in Utica, and Hope is in critical but stable condition this morning, whatever that means. The woman said she’d call me if Hope’s condition changes.”
“So, we’ve solved the case?” Periwinkle asked.
“Well, we’ve certainly solved the mystery of who tried to kill Hope. I don’t think we could lose that one in court if we tried, especially if Hope pulls through. I’m a little less certain that we’ve solved Denise’s murder though. The evidence we have isn’t ironclad. But, in my own mind I’m absolutely sure that Bradley killed her, and his attempt to murder his wife was because he feared she’d provide evidence to prove that he was Winter. She has at least circumstantial written confirmation that he used Winter’s name. I think after you guys write up what you’ve collected and collate it with what we know about Hacon, we’ll have enough for the DA to charge Freeney.”
“Notice who provided the crucial clue for this case?” Norseman asked. “My ancestors are still relevant. And you laugh at them, little violet.”
“Where do we go from here,” Periwinkle asked, ignoring her colleague. “We still have the other murder, Boss, the Ellen in Lyons.”
“You’re going to need help on that. I’ll ask Copper to get a warrant for Spinello’s bank records to trace payments to Uncle Joe to cover his fee for trying to off yours truly. Ditto for Spinello’s phone calls. He may evade us again, but he’ll feel the heat. I’ve already talked to Hugh in the Rochester barracks and filled him in. He’ll take it from here, but stay in touch with him. I’ll ask Captain Mussolini, when I call to put in a good word for his men, to coordinate his investigation with you guys and Hugh. I’ll also put a bug in Mussolini’s ear to send his toughest interrogator up here to see if he can break Panelli number two before Bone springs him. If we can turn that shooter, it’ll go a long way towards fingering Iorio, but I doubt Panelli will break. He’d be signing his own death warrant, unless the court puts him under witness protection and relocates him to someplace like Amchitka.”
“Where?” Johnsen asked.
“In your part of the world,” Shard said, “the eastern end of the Aleutian Islands.”
“Oh, right. What we need is Jarl Hacon to persuade Panelli number two to prepare for his relocation. I bet he could do it,” Johnsen said.
“No doubt, but we’d end up with a mutilated, dead prisoner downstairs, and a lawsuit for unwarranted assault that would give the Kaiser conniptions,” said Shard. “Speaking of whom, you guys need to touch base with him. He hates being kept out of the loop, to use his cliché and mine.”
“While we’re doing the scut work, Boss, what are you going to do after your phone calls?” Periwinkle asked.
“I’m overworked as usual. I have go all the way next door to see what Mrs. O. has on special for lunch and then spend the afternoon filling out the paperwork on the DUI the boys arrested last night.”
“I didn’t hear about that,” she said.
“How could you have missed it? They picked him up at two in the morning doing fifty-five miles an hour on Black River Road.”
“That’s only five miles over the speed limit,” Johnsen said. “Didn’t they have anything else to do?”
“Speed wasn’t the problem. It seems the fellow didn’t have any pants on. They got him for drunken exposure.”
“It was ten below last night,” Periwinkle said. “Wasn’t he a little cold down there?”
“I would have been, but he was loaded and explained to your heartthrob, young Deputy Polk, that he was going fishing.”
“Fishing for what?” she asked.
Thursday evening
Shard relaxed in front of his fire with four fingers of Laphroaig and a perfectly shaped, fresh Camel. Laphroaig wasn’t his usual evening fare, but it was his preferred drink when it was below zero. Its peaty flavor warmed him as much as his fire. The blast of Arctic weather that swept across Leyden after the snowstorm had kept the thermometer in single digits or lower for six days. The whole town was frozen, making walking treacherous and the roads dangerous. 
He lighted his Camel and dialed Ellen.
“Hello, beautiful.”
“Oh, for Pete’s sake, another crank call! If you breathe heavily buster, I’ll call the cops.”
“I am the cops, and we have to breathe too. How are things in the snow capital?”
“With the tax deadline less than a month away, what do you think? I’m buried under deductions, irate filers, forms 1492, 1066, 1585, and whatever, arcane regulations that even the IRS can’t decipher, and a truculent Congress that’s threatening to simplify the code. In other words, I’m having a ball. And you?”
“It’s just as tough here. I have to replenish my fire periodically, fetch more single malt, and search for Camels. It’s freezing outside, but everything inside is hot.”
“Are you trying to tell me something, Lieutenant? What good will your heat do me when we’re four hours apart? Tell you what though, if you can get me in the mood, I’ll run over to Leonard’s Tavern to see if Alphonso Muft is ready. Can you hang on a minute? I’ll go see.”
“Alphonso who?”
“Muft. Used to be a welterweight boxer until he took one too many blows to the head. Nice enough guy, great body, but a little slow, exactly the way I like my men. Leonard gives him odd jobs and lets him sleep in the upstairs apartment.”
“Forget Alphonso of the amazing body. I called for a couple of reasons; the most important is that I’m free this weekend. How about it?”
“What about your taxes? This would be the perfect weekend for you to do them.” 
“Not what I had in mind, exactly. Numbers don’t excite me -- you do. Are you planning to take a respite from molesting the tax code to come up to say hello to your poor, old, lonely mother? She misses you, you know.”
“That’s low, even for you, deputy. Using my not-poor, sorta elderly mother to slather guilt all over her attractive, professional, unmarried daughter who has shown only a passing interest in you over the years is, I repeat, really low.”
“I plead guilty on all accounts. Nothing is too base when I’m trying to lure you into my embrace – and I mean that in the most wicked sense. To show you how needy I am, I’m willing to make the ultimate sacrifice and trek all the way out there for the opportunity to lay, ah, my eyes upon you.”
“A girl can’t be too careful these days, Lieutenant, so I have to ponder your unselfish offer. For example, I need to know how many more thugs have tried to kill you since we last talked. And will your amorous presence in my embrace attract them here? Or have you given up trying to get yourself killed? I have no desire to become collateral damage, especially during tax season, when I make the really big bucks.”
“That’s the other, less important, reason I called, to reassure you that nobody is trying to kill me at the moment. That means that they aren’t trying to do you in either. The Buffalo state police kept an eye on you for the past couple of weeks. You were always safe. And you may thank me in person this weekend.” 
“That’s no news, gun-slinger. I knew they were watching. Corporal Jose O’Meara told me that when I invited him home for drinks and a candle-lit dinner. Afterwards I thanked him warmly for his attention to my well-being. He was sooo grateful he vowed his continued watchfulness. There’s something about cops that turns me on. I wish I could cure that.”
“Right. Start working on it after this weekend. This one is mine.”
“Oh? I’m still thinking about that.”
“While you’re thinking let me tell you why I’m now safe. Do you have time?”
“I have all night, Lieutenant. I’ve already admitted I’m a sucker for a man in a blue uniform. But, I am relieved that you’re out of danger. Seriously.”
“Thanks.”
Shard inundated her with the most recent details on both murders and Bradley’s attempted one. When he finished, he asked, “are you still awake? Sorry to go to such length, but I thought you might like a good story on a cold night.”
“Wait a minute while I get another glass of merlot, will you? I have a question.”
Ellen returned quickly. “Still there?” 
“You think I’d hang up before you invited me for the weekend?”
“My query, primo snoop, has a bearing on my decision. What you say makes sense, even if some of your presumed evidence is softer than a tax code interpretation. But you haven’t put any of these miscreants in jail, except Bradley. The rest are free and armed and, therefore, free to shoot you, and if you’re here in my embrace without your cannon, free to shoot you here. And me. And Alice, and she’s only twelve, well, close to thirteen now. Would you care to comment, blue Adonis?”
“All true.”
“That’s it? You propose to lead all these baboons, homicidal maniacs, hit men, organized criminals, bi-polar murderers, cannibals, humbuggers, and God knows what else into my lair just to get a hug?”
“Maybe more than just a hug.”
“Fat chance, my disarming friend.”
“Okay, you win. We can’t arrest them yet; we need more evidence, so Johnsen and Periwinkle will have to prove that my deductions are really facts.”
“When they’ve finished, and the culprits are safely chained to the walls in your dungeon, maybe I’ll invite you to come to see me.”
“It’s not as dangerous as you fear. Iorio and Spinello are feeling the heat. They know we’re closing in, and they won’t do anything to attract attention. I’m certain that we’ll have them all before the bar before your clients line up for their yearly IRS audits. We’re safe.”
“You may be, my friend, but I’m not so certain about me, especially around you. Your facts aren’t the only thing that’s soft about you.”
“Exactly to what are you referring?”
“Your heart, for one.”
“Oh. On that I’m guilty as charged, at least where you’re concerned.”
“On second or third thought, Lieutenant, I’d love to see you this weekend, but you have to promise one thing.”
“What’s that?”
“You’ll bring a real car.”
“Oooohhh, that’s low. What time do you finish tomorrow?”
“Whenever you appear at my door, big boy.”

THE END
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

James Ward

The Shard Chronicles are an accident; I never considered writing fiction. When my late wife, Roberta, became too ill to teach her AP English classes, I suggested she write a mystery since she loved to read them. We started plotting such a book while cooking dinner and enjoying adult libations. It was great fun and after a few weeks we had scads of wrinkled notes covered with cooking stains. Thus, we created Shard.
I was a professor of American history and taught at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga  for forty three years. During my last decade there I taught a course on Viking history, so we added a twist to our mysteries by creating Knut Johnsen, whose constant saga spouting enables Shard to view mankind in a new light. 
Within twenty-four hours of deciding to write Shard, Roberta announced that she had "no voice," and persuaded me to write the rough draft and she would edit it. That became our routine for almost two years; I wrote every night and she destroyed my Pulitzer-prize-winning prose every day. We had a ball.
Somebody advised me that all authors should write only about what they know. Well, Leyden exists, although not by that name, and we knew it well because the maternal side of my family came from there. We spent our summers in the Adirondacks for sixteen years and I guarantee you that Shard's buildings still stand, his favorite bar is open, and some of his characters and my non-fictional relatives walk it's snow covered streets. 
Some of my friends I've shamed into reading what follows, claim that we based Shard on me. I confess I never saw that, but maybe that's why I like the guy. We do have one big difference though; my fifty-five year old Chevrolet Biscayne has real windows, a heater, and a propensity to start!
hope that you enjoy what follows as much as we enjoyed creating Shard's world. If you read far enough into this you will find that I have an unfinished fourth Shard volume that I would love to have someone finish for/with me, and I don't know who did it either. Contact me, as per my "contest," at shardchronicles@gmail.com

