The Greeks of Beaubien Street
by
Suzanne Jenkins
The Greeks of Beaubien Street
by Suzanne Jenkins
The Greeks of Beaubien Street
Copyright 2011 by Suzanne Jenkins. All rights reserved.
Created in digital format in the United States of America. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author except in the case of brief quotations in blog posts and articles and in reviews.
The Greeks of Beaubien Street is a complete and total work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
Chapter 1

Detective Jill Zannos stood in a darkened corner of the morgue at Detroit General Hospital, waiting for the autopsy of her latest homicide case to begin. She took a notebook out of her shoulder bag and read the facts, starting with the early morning call she’d received from the precinct. When her cell rang, she’d been sound asleep next to the body of her lover. She reached across the giant, snoring Alex in order to get the phone.
“Let it ring,” he grumbled.
“I can’t. I’m on call at seven; it’s probably work,” she said, as she climbed over him to get her cell phone. “Zannos.” 
“Jill, it’s Jan Grant,” the police dispatcher said. “You have a body en route to DCH.”
“Okay, on my way,” Jill mumbled. She hung up the phone and curled her body against Alex’s side. “You better get up too, before Wasserman calls.” Sam Wasserman was the medical examiner.
“He can get started with the night shift.” Alex didn’t officially start work until eight.
“Well, you can’t stay here so you’d better get up,” she repeated. 
It was a sore point with Alex; she wouldn’t give him a key or let him stay in her house alone, and the dialogue had been a recurring one in their relationship for many years.
“It’s a matter of privacy. What if my father wants to come by to work on the plumbing? If you’re here, it’ll cause all kinds of problems.” 
Her father wouldn’t understand. Although not yet sixty, he was old country Greek in spite of having been born in Detroit. Unmarried women didn’t have overnight male guests, let alone live-ins, no matter how old they were. 
“No, I’m sorry, get up.” She smacked his arm. “If I have to get up, you have to, too. It’s not fair, sleeping in without me.” 
She rolled back to her side of the bed. Alex sat up on his side and scratched his head. He loved her and respected her relationship with her father, but he was also lazy and liked to stay in bed until the last possible minute.
“I’m up, I’m up,” he grumbled. “I’ll make coffee. Just for the record, your father would never leave that store of his in the middle of the day. You’d better find another excuse.”
“You’re probably right,” Jill said absently as she got her clothes together, thinking about what waited for her. 
Alex pulled on the sweatpants he had let drop to the floor the previous night. 
“C’mon, Fred, let’s go out,” he said to their English bulldog, the closest thing to a child either one of them would have as long as they were together. 
Fred got up and stretched – first his hind legs with his head in the air, then his front legs with his rump up. By the time the two of them went into the hall and down the stairs, Jill was already in the shower.
***
Jill walked to her car, looking up between skyscrapers. The sun was just starting to come up to the east over the Detroit River, the silhouette of the low buildings of Windsor inky against the turquoise sky. The two story buildings of Greektown with their brick facades were nestled at the foot of the glass skyscrapers of Jefferson. Detroit was a city of contrasts. 
Staying alert, she unlocked the door to her cruiser. Although this neighborhood was safe, it only took one desperate person looking for money to ruin your day. 
She drove to the hospital under bright streetlights casting an eerie glow. Autopsies were Jill’s least favorite part of being a homicide detective, but she liked going to the hospital. The details she’d need to begin investigating a death would originate there.
The city’s dead came to the morgue for their final examination. Considered the gold standard of hospital morgues in its prime, now the only thing the hospital spoke of was decay and unintended neglect. 
Since the riots of 1967, the neighborhood had steadily declined to its present, nearly derelict state. Although the mayor and city officials did all they could to protect the one place citizens were guaranteed equal access to health care, for the last few years money was so tight that cuts reached every department, including the morgue. 
Even so, it was an equalizer; if you were murdered in Detroit, you got the best autopsy available. If the family of the victim could be located immediately, the autopsy wouldn’t start until after the body was viewed. Because of the backlog of bodies in the coolers, this unlucky victim couldn’t wait. Either it was now or two days from now, and by then it might be too late to gather crucial information.
While Jill waited, she noticed a strong dead mouse smell coming from the closet behind her; the pine-scented cleaner generously used to scour all the metal surfaces in the morgue couldn’t hide it. She used her powers of discipline not to comment about the stench while the autopsy got underway. 
The smell brought back a memory from her childhood in Greektown. She was five years old, and could tell before she stepped over the threshold of the family apartment that her grandmother was cooking lambs’ heads. The heads smelled differently than other lamb meat. All family meal preparation took place in the store below the apartment, but since lambs’ heads were a delicacy just for the family, they were baked upstairs. Jill balked immediately, turning to her mother.
“I’m not going in there,” she complained.
“Get moving, little one, before I call for your grandmother,” her mother warned.
“It smells! Gigi’s got heads in there!” But Christina Zannos pushed her daughter through the door.
“Well they can’t hurt you, so get moving,” she said, once again amused and annoyed that her child was smart for her age but as stubborn as a mule. Jill reluctantly allowed the push, but fled for her room. The vision of the heads propped up on a baking pan, with their long snouts and eyeballs intact, scared the hell out of her. 
That a dead mouse smell in the morgue would evoke the memory of the severed lamb head brought a giggle up into her throat that she fought by concentrating like mad, writing every single thing about the present scene in the morgue.
Against his will, Alex had given up, going into work early. He enjoyed seeing Jill like this, focused and jotting down notes in a small leather-bound book as the pathologist, Dr. Wasserman, recited his findings. Although a protective mask wasn’t necessary unless you were standing at the table, Jill always wore one as a barrier between her nose and mouth and the morgue. She was very sensitive to smells, and dead bodies smelled bad. This one was no exception, the smell of the body blending with the dead mouse smell.
The stench was a contradiction. The victim lying on the metal table was a petite, young female who had a beautiful face, a muscular, athletic body and neatly brushed thick, blond hair. Someone had taken the time to wash her body off, too. Her mother and father reported her missing on Friday, and now it was Monday morning. A group of young boys looking for trouble found her in an alley off Grand River and Cass, shortly after midnight. 
Sometime between the missing persons report Friday and late last night she’d been murdered.
This victim was found nude. The medical examiner collected the foreign matter from her body to examine later, hoping it would help determine the location of the actual murder. Once they got her fingerprints and collected all the evidence from the outside of the body, an external visual exam was done by the medical examiner.
“Help me turn her over, Alex,” Dr. Wasserman asked his assistant. He helped Wasserman roll the victim to her side.
“Whoa!” Alex said.
“Yeah, right,” Wasserman said. “It’s the bullet exit. Come here, Jill.” The detective moved closer to the table, but not too close. The victim’s back had a six inch cavity blown out between her shoulder blades. 
“Good lord!” Jill gasped. No matter how many times she saw the gore of murder, it would always momentarily stun her. “Where’s her back?”
“Not only her back, but part of her heart.”
He reached around the victim’s front and pointed to a tiny spot between her breasts.
“See this pinprick? It’s the bullet entrance.” 
The victim had bled to death, the bullet transecting her ascending aorta. Death had been swift, but other things were done to her before the end, torturous and excruciating.
“Any ideas yet what kind of gun it was?” Jill asked.
“Based on her wound, possibly a 40 Smith & Wesson,” Sam said. “It was something powerful.”
“Did you already wash her off?” Jill asked. “There’s no blood on her.” It was a contradiction: the gaping wound without any blood on her skin.
“Not yet,” Alex said. “Someone got to that before us.”
They returned the victim to her back. Dr. Wasserman bent her left leg up to do a cursory vaginal exam, and swab for DNA. 

Once the external exam was complete, they would move internally, starting by cutting her chest open and removing her organs. It was at that juncture that Jill would escape. Blood, organs, saws, and the noise they made were not her jurisdiction.
“I’m leaving,” she announced. “Call me if you find anything, okay?” Her cell phone rang. She pulled off her mask and mumbled something into her cell, writing in her notebook.
“She’s been ID’d. Gretchen Parker,” she said, “From Dearborn. Twenty-six years old. Wonder what she was doing in the city.”
“Hang around for a minute, will you, Jill?” Dr. Wasserman asked. Jill replied that she would be in the cafeteria getting coffee. The two often spent time talking about a homicide right after the autopsy; it solidified the facts in their minds.
It was still early in the morning; she would need a lot of coffee to get through the day. Jill walked to the elevator and pushed the Up button. She started obsessing about a homicide after the autopsy. The scene investigators’ report would make the murder come alive for her, even if the murder itself took place at a different location, imagining the scene as it was upon discovery. A group of young boys found this victim. She closed her eyes for a second, visualizing them as they found the naked body of a beautiful, young girl. Were they shocked? Titillated? It would be her responsibility to question the boys.
Remembering her father, she got her phone out again as she stepped off the elevator.
“Papa?” she said, when Gus Zannos answered the phone. “I’m going to be late for breakfast this morning.” She listened to him speaking, his voice raised, excited. “Yes, it’s mine alright,” she answered. “I’ll tell you about it when I get there.” 
Gus had heard about the discovered body on the morning news. Usually, Jill had breakfast with her father every morning at the family grocery store in Greektown, just five minutes from the precinct. But today she would get coffee from the hospital cafeteria, find a secluded place to wait for Sam Wasserman, and look over her notes from the autopsy.
A strange jittery feeling was beginning in Jill’s body, starting in her abdomen and spreading through her chest and neck. When she tried to talk, her lips would quiver. It was her standard reaction at the beginning of a new case. Someone had met the end of their life at the brutal hand of another. It was her job to find out who committed the murder and, just as importantly as far as she was concerned, why. Making sure the prosecutors had all the evidence they needed to put the guilty away for as long as possible kept her focused. Michigan had abolished the death penalty in 1846, and Jill was happy that killing defendants was not the part of the equation she had to work with.
Standing on the coffee line, she did isometric exercises so she wouldn’t explode with anticipation. She’d tighten her buttocks alternately with her thighs and if she wasn’t careful, she’d look like she was jogging in place while waiting for her turn at the cash register. 
If she were outside, she could do a cartwheel to expend the energy, but here she exercised self-control. Around the hospital, they referred to her as the strange one. Employees saw beautiful, the dark-haired detective walking from the morgue, often talking to herself or worse, paused in the middle of the hallway with her eyes closed. Best not give them any more ammo. 
With shaking hands, she tried to stuff the notebook into her shoulder bag; she steadied them by holding her elbows in close to her body to prevent any mishaps. The cardboard coffee cups were stacked precariously next to the pot, and one wrong move would send them scattering all over the place. It had happened before. Fortunately, she was able to get her coffee and sit down before anything catastrophic took place
Excitement about a case grew gradually for Jill. When the first call came, her curiosity was merely piqued. The dispatcher said a body waited for her. Nothing more was offered. Not the race, sex, or location. 
There were early facts about a case that qualified it as a homicide. If a missing person report was filed with the police department and a dead body fitting the description was found, it was deemed something for the homicide detectives until proven otherwise. If there were obvious indicators of a murder, such as visible bullet or knife wounds or signs of a beating, strangulation, or dismemberment, the homicide division got involved. It was an assumption made without repercussions.
It wasn’t until the scene was visited that the events surrounding the murder would come totally alive for her. She sometimes visualized the crime taking place, the murderer standing over the body, either with his hands around the throat of the victim or wielding a knife, stabbing repeatedly. She often saw the make of the gun if it was a shooting. If the victim was raped, the man in her vision would begin to unzip, but she would shake it away before he could reach into his pants. There was a period of anxiety Jill would fight with meditation and exercise, or succumb to nausea and insomnia.
Despite the anxiety they produced, her visualizations often guided her toward solving her assigned homicide cases. Her boss asked confidingly that if she had any ideas about other cases, to please speak up. Using caution, however, she looked at her ability to visualize the details of a murder as a gift and would not exploit it, pretending when he asked that she didn’t know what he was talking about. She didn’t admit that she consulted her psychic intuition to solve cases. 
Despite her discretion, however, some of her colleagues viewed her with suspicion. One let it be known that he thought she must have an in with organized crime in order to have successfully closed all the cases she had. Her partner said they were secretly in awe of her, and jealous of him for having landed a partner who had such amazing crime-solving skills.
The department recently acquired a panoramic 3D camera that would give the team a detailed record of the area. Rather than relying on memory or notes, all an officer had to do was pull a video tape out of the file and get a renewed sense of the crime scene. Although Jill would memorize the video, there was nothing like being the first on the scene. 
Unfortunately, she was not with the team who first saw this body and investigated the area. Their department was too busy to allow the luxury of a start to finish investigation; they often overlapped cases so the few detectives available could sleep occasionally. She had to settle for the scan and the report, which she would view as soon as she got back to the precinct. And, although it wasn’t necessary, she would go to the location where the body was found later in the morning.
Finally, Sam Wasserman arrived with a tray holding two large coffees and a plate of chocolate covered donuts. Alex would finish the autopsy.
“Thanks for waiting, Jill.” Sam sat down and offered her a donut. She took one without hesitating. “She’d had intercourse,” he began. “Or maybe I should reword that. She’d had something shoved into her vagina. There wasn’t any semen as far as I could tell; the microscopic report may show differently. But she had a large tear in the posterior introitus.” He crammed half a donut into his mouth. “Something bothers me about her, besides the obvious. I can’t put my finger on it. She didn’t have one scratch on her, not one mark, outside of the bullet hole. And then this enormous laceration of her vagina. There was no blood present; she, or someone else, cleaned it up. It appeared like a recent injury, maybe yesterday, but it definitely happened several hours before her death. The edges of the wound were already beginning to granulate.” 
He looked thoughtful, finishing his donut and taking a drink of coffee.
“So, she wasn’t dead when it was done to her.” Jill’s anger rose to the surface, increasing at the notion that someone would torture this young woman in such a brutal way. It deepened her determination to find Gretchen Parker’s killer. Wasserman could see the transformation, and stifled the impulse to comment. Jill’s eyes narrowed, her jaw set. He proceeded gently.
“No. And that isn’t all. She was a virgin; remnants of her hymen were present. So, she wasn’t a career girl, unless it was her first day. She also had someone else’s pubic hair on her back and the back of her legs, like she’d been on a dirty bathroom floor; washed off carefully, but placed on the dirty ground. It makes no sense. We’ll get a profile from it, but I don’t know about this.” Wasserman looked at her intently, concerned. “Are you getting anything yet?” 
They’d worked together for so many years that he was one of the few people who knew she often got a feeling about a case that would later result in an arrest.
“Nothing yet, outside of the disgust you’d expect. Maybe after I see the scan,” Jill said softly. Wasserman looked out into the cafeteria, pushing his chair back and standing up.
“I better get back. I’ve got a backlog. The report should be dictated by this afternoon,” he said.
“Thanks, Sam.” Jill got up, too.
“It’s such a waste,” he said, putting his tray on a shelf and taking his second cup of coffee with him.
“Twenty-six years old,” Jill said. 
They got to the elevator, and Jill said goodbye to Wasserman. The fact that someone would brutalize Gretchen Parker, but then take the time to comb her hair and bathe her, would fester in the recesses of her mind.
She’d go see her father before she went to the precinct. It would make things better for a few minutes. They would sit in the back of the grocery and drink the strong coffee he made for her. It took her less than five minutes to get there from the hospital. Greektown was in the middle of everything. 
When she pulled into the alley behind the store, he waited for her at the back door. He watched her get out of her unmarked cruiser, and she could see the smile slowly spread across his face. She’d been an officer for almost fifteen years, a detective for ten, yet he reacted as though he had just found out whenever he saw her in that car. He was so proud of her. Anyone who would listen heard the story of his cop daughter. But she worried for her father. It wasn’t always a popular thing to have someone so close to you in the police force.
Jill grew up in Greektown. Other Greeks moved to the suburbs of Grosse Pointe and Saint Clair Shores, but not Jill’s family and the Nickopoloses. 

The Nickopolos family owned a gun store next door to Gus’s Greek Grocery. Frank and Estelle Nickopolos, their son little Frank, and Frank Senior’s mother, Dido, lived above the shop, just like the Zannos family did. Dido was blind and looked like a gnome. She stood about four feet six inches tall and wore black shirtwaist dresses that strained across her ample bosom, with a black babushka on her head, a caricature of Greek womanhood.
Frank placed a stool for her outside of the main door and Dido sat on the stool all day, spitting at people as she sensed them passing by her, shaking her cane in their direction. Only serious gun shoppers dared to cross the threshold of the store because it meant an attack by Dido. Once inside, they then had to tolerate the screaming voice of the family’s parrot, who spoke only Greek. He was actually reciting Scriptures, but it sounded like the worst vileness. 

In spite of, or maybe because of, Dido’s presence and that of the bird, this made life more difficult for Jill when she was a small girl. Those people and their damn bird were also Greeks and therefore clumped together.
She never felt accepted, even by her own people. Going to school in Corktown didn’t help. Originally populated by the Irish who fled their homeland during the potato famine, now it was a mixed community of Germans, Arabs, and Mexicans. 
In late summer, Jill and her mother would walk the few blocks to the Woodward Avenue J.L. Hudson store to buy clothes for the new school year. Her classmates wore clothes from Sears and other discount stores, but her mother wanted something better for her daughter. Jill could still see the pretty dresses, patent leather shoes, frilly slips, and underpants her mother bought her. She’d have everything delivered. Jill remembered the confused look of the deliveryman when he pulled up in front of the grocery store, their apartment right above it. She saw him thinking, how did these gypsies afford all this merchandise from Hudsons?
 She might be the best-dressed little girl in her elementary school class, but she was still a Greek. Her parents spoke a foreign language, their food was different, and she looked different from the children she went to school with in Corktown.
The adult Jill continued to feel like an outsider. Alex argued that this was because she was a snob who thought most people weren’t smart enough for her to waste her time with. She was keeping her distance from them, not the other way around.
“Oh, go to hell,” she muttered. “If I were a snob, why would I be with you?” He laughed at her, their teasing and bickering often a prelude to sex.
“Good point,” he agreed, wrapping his arms around her.
***
Gus Zannos had the coffee made and a slice of fresh, crusty bread with olive oil and tomato waiting, Jill’s standard breakfast. The period of time she would spend here with her father was a good segue from the autopsy to seeing the crime scene video.
“So, tell your father about this new murder.” Gus got to the point. He lived vicariously through his daughter. He often had good advice for her, too. “Already they have the details on the news. So quick!”
“Yeah, it’s typical to broadcast a few facts, like the body being found after her parents filed a missing persons report over the weekend.” She took a bite of bread, the thin crust snapping to expose the fluffy white interior, without regrets. She was thin, and a few extra carbs would be okay. “She was from Dearborn. Did they say that?”
“Yes, they did. Why would a beautiful girl from Dearborn end up in an alley downtown? Stay home with your family where you belong!” He tapped the table with his finger for emphasis. Jill laughed. She lived six blocks from her father. “Do you have any ideas yet who could have done such a thing?” She shook her head, her mouth full of bread.
“Not yet, Papa, not yet. I haven’t even seen the crime scene video.” He was fascinated by her work, and their brief visit energized him. She pushed her plate away.
“Okay, I’m stuffed. And I need to get to work before I fall asleep. Can I take your cup?” She asked the same question every morning, standing up and holding out the white china mug to him. She took one to work daily, filled with coffee her father ground and brewed especially for her.
“Of course,” he said, going behind the deli counter to pack her lunch. He put fresh romaine lettuce, feta cheese, kalamata olives, a hard-boiled egg, fresh tomato, and two anchovies into a plastic container. He stuck the container into a brown paper bag and added a slice of the same bread she had for breakfast, and a small container of his homemade, fragrant salad dressing, garlic-free for a workday. At the end of the week, she would return the five white china mugs, and the following Monday the scenario would repeat itself. He walked her to the cruiser and held her coffee cup, while she got in with her lunch bag.
“Come by after work and get your dinner, Manari mou. Stuffed peppers tonight.” She reached up and, with her hand through the window opening, patted his cheek.
“Papa, see you tonight!” 
Gus watched Jill as she sped away, kicking up a little gravel for effect. Arriving at the precinct minutes later, heads turned and noses sniffed the air, teasing her, jealous that her father packed a lunch every day.
“Zannos, how many times do we have to tell you that it’s no fair? Bring some for everyone or leave your damn food at home!” the chorus of voices from the bull pen said.
“It’s just a salad! Gus is waiting for you to come for lunch.” 
I must smell like my papa’s cooking, she thought to herself. But they were only teasing her, thinking she might be a self-conscious target, not realizing she’d love to aggravate them with her food. 
She wound her way through the crowded desks to her own little piece of real estate. Her desk was up against that of her partner, Albert Wong, who was deep into a heated telephone conversation. Jill put her lunch in a small refrigerator behind their area. 
Next to it was a large green board that had a chart drawn in chalk, listing the active cases and the detectives assigned to them. At the end of the list, because it was the latest addition, was the name Gretchen Parker, with Jill and Albert’s names listed. Jill let it sink in. She would never grow tired of seeing her name listed under the word Detective. 
“Sorry. My bank is having trouble keeping track of my money,” Albert said. He rummaged around on his desk. “Okay, here it is: video and scan. Any revelations at the autopsy?” She sat down facing him.
“Just facts,” Jill said, as she dug through her purse. Reading from her notes, she related what the post revealed. “She was moved post-mortem; there’s no blood evidence on the sidewalk. Cause of death was exsanguination. Her back was blown out. She had a large laceration of the vagina, but no semen. Sam doesn’t think she was a working girl, because she may have been a virgin until whatever object was shoved up her vagina. Or it was her first night on the job. Someone was mad as hell at Gretchen Parker, but they took the time to comb her hair and bathe her.” 
She took the package from him and stood up. The video and scan were wrapped in a tevdek envelope. They felt cold in her hands, but alive. They would be her introduction to the hell that Gretchen Parker’s life ended in. 
She walked out to the hall and up two flights of stairs to a private room where she could watch alone. She put the video in first. An officer started shooting the video immediately upon entering the site, even before the crime scene tape was put in place.
The film was slightly grainy because of the dark. It had been early, just after midnight. The light on the camera was barely bright enough. The city didn’t have the money to employ a professional photographer with lights, or to replace the infrared camera that was misplaced, but Jill didn’t mind. She could see what she needed to see along with the scan.
The scene was wide at first. She could just make out the body in the distance. Gretchen was lying on her back, nude, one arm thrown over her body, the other at an odd angle at her side. She’d been thrown on the ground. Her thighs were together, but legs sprawled from the knees down. 
Even in the dark, you could tell she was beautiful. Her hair stood around her head like a halo. As the focus came in closer, Jill saw more. Gretchen Parker had small, youthful breasts, not augmented. If she had been a professional, she might have had large implants. Her crotch was shaved, but that didn’t mean anything anymore. It was getting harder and harder to make generalizations based on personal hygiene. 
As the camera got closer, Jill could see that Gretchen’s eyes were open. Her mouth was open in a silent scream, her chin mashed down on her chest. Unnatural. The camera swept the area, but it was difficult to see much detail. Then the film went to daylight. The body was gone, but the area was undisturbed. Jill was grateful for the additional footage.
Even in the daylight, it was a gruesome looking alleyway. The cracked concrete covered in a thick layer of broken glass had the look of abandonment many parts of the city were slowly adopting. A large hotel and several restaurants backed up to the alley. There was a plot of grass with an Ailanthus tree growing through a crack near the body, at the entrance to a blind alley. 
Whoever killed Gretchen had driven slowly by and thrown her out of the car. The camera swept a higher view; the windows of the buildings surrounding the alley came into the shot. She didn’t notice anything suspicious there. 
The video played a loop, and the scene with the body played again. Jill could feel the way the air must have felt on Gretchen’s skin. She sensed the surprise the young woman experienced as she watched someone pull a gun out and fire at her. The impact of the bullet, the caliber large enough to blow her heart apart and take her back with it, must have thrown her back several feet.
Jill’s heart was beating faster. She could feel it racing, irregular. She would watch the scan too because she had to, but she already knew what happened to Gretchen Parker. She was no working girl. Someone she knew well did this to her. 
And although she wouldn’t document her thoughts, Jill felt the remorse and sadness of the murderer. Of course, she would have to work the case step by step, but now they wouldn’t have to waste precious time on unnecessary investigative work. She turned the video off and, in the darkness of the screening room, closed her eyes and said, “Thank you, God.”
Chapter 2

By nine in the morning, Jacob and Marianne Parker had received the call every parent dreaded. They were on their way to the morgue to see their beloved Gretchen one last time. 
Traffic on the Interstate 75 was bumper to bumper, but Jacob didn’t notice. In the past, he would have bitched about the fuckers who drive like a bunch of old ladies. His hand would fold into a fist and he would shake it out the open window of his Cadillac, screaming at the drivers in the cars on either side of him because the car in front wouldn’t be able to see him. His wife was always mortified, but he would argue, “What use is a good tirade if it isn’t heard?” 
Today, he was pale and silent, his watery blue eyes red and swollen. Marianne couldn’t stop crying. They were exhausted; sleep had been impossible for the past two nights. Marianne’s hair and makeup had been perfect since Gretchen hadn’t come home from a date Friday evening. She had known, as any mother would, that she may never again see her daughter alive, and she must be ready the moment the authorities called for them.
Gretchen was never, ever late. Even though she was twenty-six, she still had a curfew. As long as she lived at home, Jacob wanted her back by eleven each night. He couldn’t sleep, knowing she was out. It wasn’t fair to him. If she needed to stay out later, she could move. 
When midnight passed into Saturday morning, Jacob called a friend of his on the Force. They waived the forty-eight-hour waiting period and put out the missing person report. 
Marianne put on a white blouse and a pair of dress slacks with a matching jacket, and waited. After preparing a pot of coffee, she poured two travel cups full. She and Jacob got into their car and began driving up and down every street on the west side of town. They would tackle the east side in the daylight tomorrow if she still wasn’t home.
Gretchen drove a bright red Chevy Malibu. You could see it a block away. At six o’clock Saturday morning they found it at Blazos, a popular hangout for young adults. Jacob was furious; how many times had he told Gretchen to stay the hell out of the drive-in restaurants in town? A bunch of low-life scum hung out there. 
Marianne reminded him that she’d had a date with Mike. Jacob hated Mike, so Gretchen stopped having him pick her up at the house. Instead, they met downtown and she would leave her car at Blazos and go off in his Explorer.
“Where does Mike live?” Jacob asked, looking at his wife.
“I think in East Dearborn,” Marianne said, immediately sorry because Jacob’s face contorted as he yelled at her.
“God damnit, I know he lives in East Dearborn! Where, for Christ’s sake?” 
He didn’t allow Gretchen to date boys from Fordson High School on the dreaded east side when she was a teen, because that was where the Arabs went to school. But now, as an adult, she would date whomever she pleased. And who pleased her at the moment was Mike Ahmed. Jacob left the parking lot at Blazos, and drove like a maniac down Michigan Avenue. 
He yelled at Marianne, “Call four-one-one and get a phone number!” But even simple Marianne knew that was ridiculous; Ahmed was as common a last name as Smith. She hoped they would find his contact information somewhere in Gretchen’s room instead.
Jacob sped back to their house. As soon as the car stopped moving they both jumped out and ran inside. When they got to her bedroom door, they stopped, fearful to move into the space, not sure what they might find. 
Jacob, in a rare moment of thoughtfulness, deferred to his wife and hung back. She went to her daughter’s desk and pulled out the chair to sit. Like the rest of the room, everything on the desk was neatly organized. She began pulling drawers open, worried she would expose something that would send her volatile husband into a rage. Under a neat stack of bills waiting to be paid lay Gretchen’s address book. It was an old fashioned, vinyl bound book. With trembling hands, Marianne opened it to the first pages, to the A’s. Ahmed. Michael Ahmed, 144 Indiana Street. There was no phone number. She probably had it programmed into her cell. Marianne picked up the telephone and dialed information. When the automated recording answered, she recited the street address into the receiver. The robot voice responded that there was no listing found for that address.
“Let’s just go. He might try to hide from us if she is still there and he knows we are coming.” 
For once, Jacob thought his wife was making sense. They hurried down the stairs and out to the car again. Jacob pulled out onto Outer Drive, pointing the car toward Ford Road. He couldn’t remember where Indiana Street was, but had a GPS. 
He hollered at Marianne to program the address in, and hollered some more when it took her shaking fingers so long to type it. Indiana was as far as you could go and still be in Dearborn. There was a huge fenced-in area with a water company sign posted on it. Beyond the water company was Detroit. 
They found the house easily. There, in the driveway, was Mike’s black Ford Explorer. It was a nice house, mid-century, well maintained in a lovely neighborhood of two story homes. Jacob left the car running and swung the door open, yelling to Marianne to stay put. He dashed up the wide steps to the porch and began banging on the front door of Mike Ahmed’s house. Within seconds, Mike himself came to the door, disheveled and confused. 
Jacob forced open the screen door and grabbed him by the front of his t-shirt, screaming, “Where’s Gretchen, you son of a bitch!” 
Marianne opened the car door and struggled out, yelling to her husband to stop. Neighbors were already coming out to see what the ruckus was about.
“You want us to call the police?” the man next door yelled at Jacob. “You need our help?” he called to Mike. 
Jacob, undeterred, got within an inch of Mike’s nose.
“My daughter did not come home last night. Where the hell is she?”
“I don’t know! I swear to you! We met at Fairlane Center and went to a movie. I took her to her car at ten-thirty. I watched her get in and drive off! I swear to you!” 
He repeated it over and over. Marianne pulled on Jacob’s arm, shouting “Let’s go! Let’s go!” 
But Jacob didn’t want to leave Mike’s house. For reasons he couldn’t explain or understand, he felt like he was with Gretchen while in the presence of this young man. Whether it was a sign of something or not, he wasn’t ready to leave. 
Mike Ahmed was blubbering and cowering. Jacob let go of his shirt. The neighbors were on the steps now, ferocious looking men, one with a baseball bat.
“I’m sorry,” Jacob said to Mike. He looked at the men and held up his hand in a sign of peace. “Everything is okay here. I just need to speak with Mike.” 
Someone asked Mike if he would be okay, and he shook his head. He was still scared to death. This big, ugly, redheaded man looked like he was capable of killing someone. Yet there they both stood, obviously shaken. He had to offer Gretchen’s parents something.
“Did you try her cell phone?” he asked, realizing how idiotic that sounded as the words were leaving his mouth.
“It went right to voice mail,” Mrs. Parker said. 
Suddenly, Jacob started crying in huge, ugly sobs; he made no attempt to hide this from Mike. The men of the neighborhood were appalled, and turned to walk away. Mike was going to offer to try to get in touch with her, but then thought the less he engaged these crazy people, the better. She would show up before long, he was certain. 
“Maybe she’s gone to her friend Leah’s,” he said. “She lives near Fairlane. If Gretchen was tired, she may have stopped there for coffee and lost track of the time. Do you have Leah’s number? I bet that’s where she is.” 
They didn’t know it by heart; they would run home again and call her.
Marianne took Jacob by the arm. He was inconsolable. She led him down to the car and opened the passenger side, pushing him to sit down. 
Mike didn’t offer his help, but watched from a safe distance up on his porch. He went into the house and quietly locked the screen door while he watched from a safe distance. Marianne helped Jacob with his seatbelt and then shut the door. She walked around to the driver’s side and got in, worried watching her aggressive husband turn into a marshmallow.
They would switch leadership roles back and forth all weekend, but Marianne would ultimately take charge. 
They went home and called Leah, who hadn’t seen or spoken to Gretchen since Wednesday. 
Later, Jacob went into Blazos, accompanied by his friend Pete from the Dearborn Police Department, and asked if anyone had noticed what happened to the owner of the red Malibu. The car was impounded; taken to the station and checked for evidence. There was nothing suspicious, so the car was released to Jacob.
On Monday morning, an officer from Detroit called and said that Gretchen had been positively identified by her fingerprints. Jacob had answered the phone. He felt like he was on stage playing a role, the lead. Gretchen was dead, in the morgue. They needed to come down and identify her, to see her one more time and then make arrangements to have her body moved to a funeral home. 
Jacob was nothing more than a character answering, responding to the voice on the phone. Someone would speak to them after they viewed the body. There were questions that needed answering. It was all part of the investigation. She had been murdered. How was it possible that his daughter was dead? She was the sweetest child. She loved people. She cried if she had to kill a spider.
No longer able to stay in character, Jacob fell to the floor in grief. The wailing that came from his throat didn’t sound human. Marianne grabbed the phone from him, and demanded that the speaker repeat what they’d said to her husband. 
Without mercy, she nudged Jacob in the chest with the toe of her shoe, mouthing Shut up! to him as he cried out. Marianne was told they would be questioned. It was protocol to find out exactly where and what Gretchen had been doing the last day of her life. 
“Okay, we’ll be on our way,” Marianne replied, and hung up.
Chapter 3

After watching the video a third and fourth time, Jill viewed the 3D scan. She sat in the darkness for a few seconds, but didn’t linger, anxious to begin the task of finding Gretchen Parker’s murderer. 
There was a path from her last resting place in the alley off of Cass Avenue to the prim bungalow in west Dearborn, that would be turned upside down in search of clues to the last hours of her life. 
Albert would make the call to the Parkers. He was perfect for the job: unemotional and detached, with a respectful demeanor. He would be able to say the tough things: you need to come now to view the body, choose a funeral home, tell us what she was wearing the last time you saw her. Off the record, they both wondered why a twenty-six-year-old female would still be living at home, observing an early curfew.
Jill left the viewing room and took the stairs back down to the office. She could see Albert talking on the phone. Was he making the call or fighting with his bank again? She hoped it was the bank; she could use a breather from the intensity of the case for a moment.
Together, they would do the face-to-face interview with Gretchen’s parents. Jill had a list of questions to ask, with a typed suggested narrative. Talking to the family of victims was easier for her if she had an outline to follow. 
The concern Jill had was finding the murder location. Where was Gretchen when she bled to death? Who washed her body off and took the time to brush her beautiful hair? Was it the same person who tore her vagina, leaving a laceration two inches long? Put a gun to her chest between her nubile breasts and blew her heart in two? Yes, the location was a priority.
Officers were conducting a door to door in the neighborhood where her body was found, but it was unlikely to turn anything up. It was mostly hotels and businesses, not a big foot-traffic area. She suddenly wanted to go there herself. When Albert got off the phone, she told him she was going to walk the scene.
“Her parents are on their way,” he said, looking at her. “Do you want me to talk to them alone?”
“No, no I don’t think so,” she replied. “I want to be there. There’s something not gelling here. Do you feel it?” 
Albert shook his head. He was an all about the facts kind of guy and didn’t try to pretend otherwise.
“I don’t have any intuition, you know that,” Albert admitted, turning to dig through his desk for the small recorder he would use during the interview.
“Sam felt it, too,” Jill said, thinking of the medical examiner. 
His report would help solidify the facts of the murder. They should have it by noon.
“Look, would you call me when they get to the city? You mind going in to view with them? I’ll come right away.”
Jill wanted to see the scene before they spoke with the parents. Agreeing that Albert would go to the hospital to wait for the Parkers, he’d call her when they arrived.
She drove the short distance to Cass Avenue. The street was empty. Parking the car, she waited to get out, wanting to survey the scene in the quiet of the cruiser. The area was a study in contrasts. Although she could hear a trash compactor in the distance and the roar of traffic a mile away, the neighborhood itself was quiet and empty. 
After a moment, she got out of the car and walked to the alley. Pausing at its entrance, the interior was dark, even in the light of the morning with the bright blue sky and shining sun. It smelled of trash and rotting food, making her gorge rise; there was a dumpster filled to overflowing a few yards down. Jill thought she saw a rat. 
She wondered how long the body had been there before it was discovered, eager to get her hands on Sam’s report with the estimates for time of death and exposures. She walked to the area where Gretchen’s body had been thrown. The crime scene tape was fluttering in the breeze; there was a small piece of it attached to the building on the west side of the alley. 
Staring down at the ground, able to see in her mind’s eye a faint outline of where a young woman might have rested. Jill imagined Gretchen still there. As she saw in the video, Gretchen’s arms were cockeyed at weird angles to her body, as were her legs. The left leg was stretched straight out in front of her but the right one, thighs together, was bent awkwardly – the knee facing inward and the heel out at a right angle to the body. 
Jill shuddered. There was something glistening in the sliver of daylight that penetrated the gloomy alley. Squatting down to examine it, she saw a single piece in the sea of glass that had a drop of something red on it. It looked like blood. She reached into her pocket, and drew out a pair of latex exam gloves and a zip lock bag. She picked up the piece of glass, smaller than a dime, and placed it in the bag. 
She spent the next fifteen minutes sorting through the rest of it and found another piece with the red substance on it. There was also visible blood on the concrete underneath. Taking her phone out of her pocket, she snapped a picture. Then she got out a small pocket knife and scraped the red substance off, placing the scrapings in a separate baggie. 
She called into the precinct to the CSI division, telling them her findings and that she needed to meet the victim’s family in a few minutes; would they please come back out and re-examine the area? It wasn’t unusual to find more evidence in the light of day. They had each other’s backs.
Jill walked further into the alley toward the back. She felt strong waves of some kind of energy coming over her that buffeted her eardrums, making them feel as though she was underwater. Something more than a body dump had taken place there. She felt unsure of where the feelings were coming from. Was it intuition or an overactive imagination? Had the combination of the rat and the bloody glass, the dumpster and the darkness, made her lose her common sense?
The service doors of a hotel were located here. Five ratty chairs were placed in a semi-circle: the smoking area for the employees. She would check to see if the nightshift workers were among those questioned. Someone could have been hiding out here smoking when the body was dropped off.
Her phone vibrated, sending her jumping in the air. She chuckled, and answered it. It didn’t take much to scare her when she was deep in thought. The vibrating phone did less damage than the ring tone, which could produce a yodeling scream from her. It was Albert.
“They’re here,” he said. 
Jill walked back to the cruiser and got in. She’d be there in minutes. The sensations she was getting from the alley had stopped for the time being. She would take the opportunity to regroup on the way to the morgue, wanting her first impression of the parents to be without the influence of her feelings in the alleyway, not wanting pity or compassion to muddy anything she might get from the initial meeting.
Jill pulled the cruiser up to the front of the hospital, and parked in a no parking zone. It was the one luxury she allowed herself as a cop. She grabbed her tote with her notebook inside and went up the granite steps to the entrance of the hospital. 
Albert and the parents waited for her in the private office off the main lobby, a special place set aside for bereavement. Jill hated the room, thinking it reduced the shock and sadness of an unexpected death to a storybook caricature with the stained glass cross and the fake flowers, the boxes of generic tissues and the stained cushions on the pews. Whom was this supposed to comfort? 
She requested that they move to a more sterile place to interview. The Parkers jumped up at the opportunity to get out of the horrible room. Albert didn’t seem to notice they were uncomfortable. He caught her eye while they were walking, and she knew what the look on his face meant; he had noticed the something else.
Jill led the way into the cafeteria, allowing the Parkers to get their own coffee and fix it the way they liked while she paid for it. They thanked her. Then, she took them into a private dining area designated for the doctors. It was empty, the hour between breakfast and lunch. They would have the solitude they needed. They went to a far corner table overlooking the city to the river. They all looked out at the view, silent. Jill looked at the man and woman sitting across from her. They were an unattractive couple. She wondered if Gretchen could have been adopted. Despite their palpable pain and anxiety, Jill needed the pair to focus now. She was ready to move forward.
“I’m going to have to ask you questions that will be painful to answer, and want to apologize in advance. Unfortunately, you’re the only source we have.” 
She could see they were nervous. Mr. Parker looked like he wanted to fly off into the air, as if it was taking every muscle in his body to keep him seated in his chair. It was normal for parents to be inconsolable, even hysterical. But this was something more. She could practically smell the danger. What’s going on here? 
“I’m going to record our conversation so I don’t forget anything you have to tell me. Is that okay with you?” They both nodded yes. “Why not start by telling me about Friday? Did Gretchen work?” Mrs. Parker blew her nose and began talking.
“She worked. She was a teller at the Beechman Bank. It’s on Telegraph, about six blocks from our house. She worked the early shift Friday, from eight to three. I made her breakfast, her favorite, fresh fruit and a toasted corn muffin. We had coffee together.”
Marianne Parker looked at her husband and started crying. He looked annoyed at her, shooting her a warning look. “I’m telling them everything, Jacob.” She looked back at Jill.
“Gretchen had a date Friday night with Mike. Mike Ahmed.” She dug in her purse and pulled out a small sheet of paper with an address on it, giving it to Jill. “I like him very much. He is educated and well mannered, owns his own home, and is an engineer at Ford Motor. What’s not to like? But Jacob here,” and she turned to her husband, “Jacob hates him because he’s Lebanese. Gretchen wasn’t allowed to bring him to the house. They had to meet somewhere else. I didn’t know where they were going, but we saw Mike on Saturday and he said they went to a movie at Fairlane Center Friday night. Jacob set a curfew for Gretchen of eleven, and Mike said she left at ten-thirty. She never came home.” 
Marianne Parker bowed her head then and started to cry. Her shoulders shook. Jacob Parker sat watching her, stone-faced, silent and furious. Jill could see the muscle in his cheek quivering. He was either going to explode, flying all over the room like a balloon letting its air out, or throw himself on the floor like a child having a temper tantrum. She felt like provoking him, but wouldn’t.
“You don’t like him because he is Lebanese?” 
There was no challenge in her tone; she was asking him if it was true. But she allowed a hint of derision.
“No! God damn it, that isn’t all. He’s too old for her! She’s only twenty-six, for Christ sake. He’s almost forty. What the hell does he have in common with her?” 
Jill realized too late that Jacob’s temper made the hospital cafeteria a less than suitable place for questioning after all. She closed her notebook, and caught Albert’s eye.
“Come to the precinct with us, please, Mr. and Mrs. Parker?” Albert was ever the peacemaker. “It’ll be more comfortable than the hospital. The coffee is better there, too.” They all stood up. “You can come in my cruiser; we’ll bring you back to your car later.”
They agreed and followed Albert out of the room. 
Jill was grateful for the chance to be alone, to assimilate all the facts and feelings she had accumulated in the past half hour. She felt urgent about getting to interview the boyfriend, Mike Ahmed. He was probably at work; she’d ask Albert to go. She wasn’t done with Jacob Parker just yet.
Chapter 4

On Monday, stuffed peppers from Greektown would be dinner for many of the store’s customers. Every day of the week he prepared a different entrée, so they knew what to expect. Shopping at the Eastern Market before dawn, Gus found the peppers on special and would prepare his famous dish. The number of workers in the area who picked up their dinner from his store was growing every week. 
The radio was turned to a classic music station, although a Greek language station was available and broadcast right in Greektown. He preferred the gentle classical music to the lively American music being played today on the Greek station while he worked.
Business was slow in the afternoon after the lunch rush. Occasionally, a sight-seeing bus would stop out front and a group of hungry travelers would come in, looking for the Greek experience. He always gave it to them, pretending he didn’t speak good English in spite of having been born in the USA, turning the radio up loud, bouzouki music ringing out. He would grab a white dish cloth and pretend he was going to dance, very Zorba the Greek. Occasionally, Estelle Nickopolas would stop by and join in, Dido spitting at the crowd for effect. 
Just once, a stunned and disgusted Jillian walked in on this scene and admonished her father for reinforcing stereotypes. Gus had been educated at Wharton, choosing to run the store his father started in Detroit after emigrating through Ontario.
“Why’d you do it, Papa?” Jill asked. “Why’d you give up so much to keep this store open?” Gus was surprised.
“I didn’t give up anything! I wanted to be here, to give the same life I had to my children.” 
This stymied Jill. What the hell was so great about growing up where you were considered a second-class citizen? She didn’t want to hurt her father’s feelings, but she had to know why her experience was so different from his.
“Didn’t you feel that your expensive education was worth more than working in a grocery store?” 
Her father was a thrifty man; maybe focusing on the expense of a wasted education would make him think.
“I went to college on a scholarship. Do you think my father could have afforded Drexel?” This was the first she heard of the scholarship.
“Papa! Papou and Gigi must have been so proud of you!” Jill exclaimed. Gus snickered.
“No, actually they weren’t. They hated it while I was in Philadelphia. My father came once to visit me and said it was the dirtiest city he had ever been in, worse than Rome.” He was pensive. 
“Look, my beloved daughter, you could have gone anywhere in the world, but you stayed here. Ask yourself, why? Is it because being here made you feel badly about yourself? Or, is it because this is where you can be the best person that you were meant to be? I love it here. Your mother and I, we hated to go away on vacation or to weddings out of town. We went to my cousin George’s wedding in Chicago. Every second we were away, we were miserable. ‘That’s the last time, Gus!’ your mother said. No more traveling for her. Do you think I stayed here all my life hating it? No, my dear girl. But if you hate it, you had better get out now.”
Gus cleaned up his kitchen as he waited for the dinner crowd to come to shop. Jill would come back too, probably close to closing. He would eat with her. His life was simple. He loved his store, loved buying the food for the shelves, shopping from the catalog the foreign foods distributor brought around, going to Eastern Market every morning and on Saturday with Jillian. 
Once a month, he got his car out of the garage and drove to Plymouth to see his boy, Christopher. Any excitement he needed he got from his daughter, the homicide detective. He stuffed down the things that bothered him, the regrets. Life was good.
Chapter 5

Jill got to the precinct five minutes after Albert and the Parkers arrived. Albert took them to a private interrogation room. They videotaped and recorded any activity that took place after the doors were closed. Even though the Parkers weren’t suspects, Jill couldn’t shake the odd feeling she had about the father. She was glad they would have a record of whatever was said.
Albert got coffee for the four of them, although he would not stay for the entire questioning. Like Jill, he was chomping at the bit to get to Dearborn and find Mike Ahmed. The style of questioning that would work the best for the Parkers was Jill’s expertise. He would do better to bow out.
Jill walked in and took a seat opposite Marianne and Jacob. She wanted to begin the conversation talking about something unrelated to death or Gretchen. She reached for a cup of coffee, her fifth in four hours.
“Our coffee is really good. The beans come from the Eastern Market. My father grinds them for us.” 
She took a sip, looking at them over her cup as they each reached for theirs. She opened her notebook to see where they had ended their conversation in the cafeteria. 
She didn’t want Mr. Parker to hide his true feelings about Mike Ahmed, hoping the change of location would help to lower his guard. She would introduce him into the conversation again, but from a different angle.
“So how long had Gretchen been dating Mike?” She directed her question to the father. He looked up from his coffee, turning his head to his wife.
“Oh, not long. About four months. It wasn’t even that serious.” Jill saw Marianne Parker purse her lips, but remain silent. Jacob started talking again, rambling on.
“Gretchen could have dated anyone she wanted, but she chose not to. She told me herself that she’d rather go out with Leah than waste time with a date. Except for Mike,” Jacob said. 
His eyes flashed and he smiled when he talked about his daughter, appearing more like a gossiping confidant than a grieving father. It just rang false. Jill couldn’t help but notice there was a femininity about him that contrasted with his appearance. He might be a big, tall man, but he had small, delicate hands that he held in a prayer pose under his chin when he talked, unless they were conducting, flapping back and forth for effect.
“You mentioned she had a curfew. What time did you say it was? It’s unusual for a woman her age to have a curfew, isn’t it? Did she adhere to it?” Jill continued to direct her questions to the father.
“I go to bed early and can’t sleep unless the house is locked up. Gretchen agreed to a curfew when she moved back home last spring. She’d tried sharing an apartment but it didn’t work out. She never argued about having a curfew, and was always home by eleven. That’s what made us worry when she didn’t come home.” 
He turned red in the face again; Jill was hoping he wouldn’t break down. They weren’t getting anywhere as it was.
“What was she wearing when you saw her Friday?” This time, she was speaking to Mrs. Parker.
“It was warm out, so she had a cotton shirt on with her jeans. But I remember saying that it was supposed to cool off, so she took a black sweater with her, too.” Then, the question Jill dreaded, but knew was coming. “Wasn’t she dressed when they found her? Oh my God! Is that why you are asking me this?” 
Marianne Parker looked at her husband with an expression Jill couldn’t translate. He was red in the face again. She steeled herself for another tirade, but he didn’t say a word. Jill knew that silence, especially in a man as aggressive as Jacob Parker appeared to be, could be an ominous sign. 
“She was nude when she was found,” Jill replied.
Jacob Parker erupted, jumping up and banging both his fists down on the metal desk with such force that two officers in the outer office came running to ensure that she was safe. Jacob lunged forward at Jill, who stood up just as Jacob’s fists had come down. Her reflex would be to quickly step back from him, but she stood her ground. He didn’t frighten her at all.
“What fucking difference does it make if she was nude?” he screamed right in her face. Jill could smell his breath: coffee and old beer. “God damn it! That’s just one more thing that makes me determined to kill that motherfucker!” 
The male officers walked around the desk and stood on either side of him.
“Mr. Parker, I’m going to ask you to sit down right now. I am warning you, if you don’t sit down you will be arrested for attempted assault on a police officer,” Jill told him. 
He hesitated, but sat down. The male officers stayed behind him, but they could have left. Jacob Parker was once again reduced to a sniveling lump, his head in his hands, crying out for his dead daughter. Jill caught the eye of her colleagues and nodded to them that she was okay. They would stay in the room at the door, just in case. Jill sat back down. This interview was exhausting.
“We understand how difficult this must be for you. Just a few more questions and then you can go. Are you ready?” She directed this to Mrs. Parker, who looked at her husband, shaking her head back and forth in disgust.
“I doubt if you understand, Miss Zannos. But go ahead. You might hurry up, as a matter of fact. I need to get my husband home.” 
All Marianne could think of was that she would end up taking care of Jacob now, unable to grieve for her daughter on her own terms. She had enough of this young woman and her questions, judging them because they had been trying to protect their daughter.
Well, a lot of good it did. Maybe if Jacob had shut his big mouth and allowed Gretchen to stay out late, or possibly not come home at all, she would still be alive. Looking at him with disdain, Marianne was too much of a lady to tell him what she really felt about him at that moment, especially in front of strangers, certain that Gretchen’s death was ultimately Jacob’s fault.
“Did you know of anyone, or can you think of anyone, who may have wanted to harm your daughter? Or, anyone who she may have been seeing besides Mike Ahmed? Maybe someone at work who she would have met after seeing Mike Friday night?” 
They both shook their heads. There was no one that they knew of. No one. Jill stood up. There was unfinished business, but she wanted to let things rest for the moment. She had other people to talk to. She wanted to interview the night shift workers at the hotel as soon as possible, and needed to allow these two to get back to Dearborn where they could begin the process of planning for their murdered daughter’s funeral. The other officer opened the door, and Jill followed the Parkers out.
Chapter 6

Gus Zannos was the youngest of seven children. He and Jill were the only two who stayed in Detroit. Aunt Maria was always bugging Gus to move west, get out of the city. But he couldn’t imagine leaving the store. The Friday that Gretchen Parker went on her last date, Jill was sitting in the grocery store having coffee with her boyfriend Alex, her father, and her cousin. Gus’s nephew Andy, a former CPA, drove the forty minutes in from Novi to work with Gus every day. Gus could see the love of the place in Andy’s eyes. Jill thought he was crazy.
“Explain something to me,” she argued. “Why would you go to college, get a Master’s degree, and then turn down a job in finance to work in a rundown store in Greektown?”
“Hey!” Gus interjected. “I resent that! This is a spiffy neighborhood as far as the rest of the city goes. When’s the last time you were out of Detroit? You have nothing to compare it to.” But Jill shook her head.
“Okay, so it’s not rundown as much as, shall we say, outdated? Anyway, don’t make this about me. I knew from the beginning that I was stuck here; why else did I go to the Detroit Police Academy?” she said with emphasis. “Come on, guys! You both left town to go to school! It’s not like you went to Wayne State,” Jill laughed. “Trust me. I understand the familial pull that would drive someone to try to keep the family business alive. But why not move it to the ‘burbs?” 
She secretly hated that idea; she’d be so lonely if Gus ever moved the store. And where would her dinner come from? Her oven hadn’t been turned on except to cook a frozen pizza. She’d starve to death if her father left town. As she talked, Andy was shaking his head.
“Every morning when I wake up, I think, I get to go to the store today. I stand where our grandfather stood, get to learn the ropes from my Uncle Gus here, speak Greek all day long.” Andy looked at Gus. “I remember when I was a kid living in Dearborn, coming into the city with my dad each Saturday so we could go shopping at the Eastern Market together. I was scared to death of the dead animals, skinned, hanging upside down from hooks in the butcher shops.” He shuddered. “Now of course, I feel deprived if I don’t eat lamb I’ve butchered myself at least three times a week.” They all laughed.
“When your dad left the city, our father and mother cried for a week,” Gus said. “He was the first child to leave. But I understood. It was too hard for your mother. She lived in Dearborn all of her life, her parents were there, her sisters. Your dad loved Detroit, but he loved your mother more.”
“I thought Auntie Anna came from Syria,” Jill said, confused. Gus nodded at Andy since Anna was his mother, but Andy wanted to hear the story from Gus, who chuckled.
“That’s a common misconception about Arabs around here. Don’t ask me why. There’s been a Middle Eastern community in Dearborn since the early 1900s. Your grandparents, Anna’s mother and father, were born here in Detroit,” he said to Andy. “So Anna is more American than we are.”
“Who left Detroit next?” Jill asked.
“Your Uncle Pete. Let’s see, they went to Northville first. He worked at Ford. It was the farthest west anyone had gone. We would drive there on a Sunday, and I thought my mother would have a heart attack. She kept her chair turned to the east the entire visit. She said it made her feel safe, looking toward the city.” So mental illness does run in the family, Jill thought.
“Then Nick graduated from the Police Academy and joined the Michigan State Police. My parents were so proud of him! Each child moved further west. My mother was superstitious; she was convinced that God punished her for,” and here he cleared his throat, “using her powers.” 
Andy had never heard any of the stories and asked, “What powers?”
“Your grandmother was a mystic.” Gus spoke in a low voice, looking from side to side to make sure no one overheard him, although they were alone in the store. It was an old country village thing, making sure you weren’t being spied on. “You have to remember that back in those days, people didn’t understand spirituality like they do today. We were called gypsies; can you imagine if they knew some of us had a greater, shall we say, understanding of events around us? It was bad enough that my father was a socialist.” He was pensive for a moment.
“We had friends who were Jews; very religious, Torah-reading Jews who were superstitious, even more so than us Greeks. They believed that my mother, Eleni, could see the past, and some of the future.
“All our beef was purchased kosher back in those days; the butcher I bought from at the Eastern Market was also a rabbi. That’s why we kept meat separate from the dairy. But it didn’t make much difference because our kitchen wasn’t kosher. They really came to see my mother. They would drive over from Oak Park on Thursday afternoon to buy meat for the weekend. My mother would serve them a lavish tea, with homemade baklava and almond paste cookies. 
“After they ate, Mother would have them sit in a circle with their eyes closed. She would stand on the outside of the circle and slowly walk around them. When a thought about one of them would come into her head, she would pause behind them and whisper in their ear. 
“It was nice, no flashy showmanship or anything like that. I noticed that much of what she told them was simply wisdom. If the woman was newly married or going to have a baby, she would whisper to them about eating healthy. 
“Your grandmother was way ahead of her time in the nutrition department. She ate a mostly vegetarian diet. They didn’t have a lot of meat in their village in Greece because it was a rocky island. A few sheep and some chickens roamed around, and not much meat was shipped in from the mainland like they do today. When we came here, she was overwhelmed at the abundance of food, but she didn’t change the way she ate.
“If someone was going on a trip, she would caution them about safety matters. Rarely, she would get what I now think of as a real vision.” 
Gus looked at his daughter but didn’t say anything out loud. He knew his daughter had the gift as well, but it was not something they would speak about in front of Andy. Family pride and discretion still ran strong. Jill knew that she had inherited her gift from her grandmother. 
When Jill was a young girl, Eleni would talk to her granddaughter about it. “You mustn’t be afraid. It’s from God. You are blessed as I was blessed.” 
Jill’s mother, however, was furious.
“With all due respect, Mother, please do not fill Jillian’s head with such foolishness. It is against the Scriptures.” 
And so there it was, the ancient battle against good and evil, sin and virtue. Jill was tantalized by it. Obsessed with the ability she had to feel knowledge in her body, she knew the outcome of something before she knew what the something was.
Her first recollection that she had some extra-sensory power was when she was just six years old, and sitting in her Sunday school class. Greek school should have been the place where she felt accepted, but it wasn’t. Although she looked more like these children than she did the Corktown crowd, Jill felt different because she was different. 
The teacher stood up at the front of the class, drawing a picture of the Trinity on the chalkboard, when out of nowhere, Jill knew the woman was going to have a baby. She didn’t look pregnant, with a big belly and the childish maternity clothes women wore in those days, but Jill knew she was. To make matters worse, Jill also knew that Miss Petrokas was not married. 
Although the family didn’t discuss moral issues in front of the children, Jill had a feeling this was a Big Story; she knew it in her gut. Inherently, she also knew that the only person she could tell was her Gigi.
She flew out of the classroom when Sunday school was finished, passing a knowing smile to Miss Petrokas. Her grandmother would be waiting for her in the lobby of the church. Jill ran up to her and threw her arms around her grandmother’s legs.
“Gigi! I have to talk to you!” Jill said in Greek. Her grandmother looked down at her, disapproving.
“You can wait until we get home,” she said in English.
“Ah, no, I don’t think so! You’ll want to know this right away!” 
She grabbed her grandmother’s hand and pulled her toward the corner so they could have some privacy.
“You are very rude!” her grandmother said, again in English. Yeah, you won’t think so when you hear my news, thought Jill. She continued in Greek.
“Gigi, bend down, I need to whisper this!” Eleni Zannos bent over to place her ear closer to her granddaughter’s lips. Jill whispered without hesitation,
“Miss Petrokas is going to have a baby.” And then she looked in her grandmother’s eyes with that all knowing smile, and shook her head up and down.
“Who told you such a thing?” she asked, appalled.
“I just know!” Jill was convinced she would suffer for this in some way, but she was going to enjoy the thrill of knowledge while she was able.
“Okay, not another word until we get home, young lady.” Her grandmother could be stern; she was known to chase an errant child around town with a switch.
They held hands in the lobby, waiting for the rest of the family members to come from their Sunday school classes. Her grandfather came out last after helping the deacons count the money. Jill loved hearing him talk about the abundance of the tithe that Sunday or, as it sometimes was, the lack of. He was a tall, stately man with a shock of white hair that stood up on end unless he mashed it down with hair grease. 
Jill’s judgmental attitude about people’s professions began from a young age. She knew her Papou was an intelligent, well-read man, yet he chose to run a grocery store. What was that all about? Only Jill would have the nerve to ask him. The other grandchildren avoided him at all costs; he was scary and strict. But Jill loved him. He was a dignified man who meant security and culture to her. If he wasn’t working, he read a book. She was proud of him. 
The other children in the family didn’t live with him like Jill did. They would ask her, terrified, “Does he beat you?” She looked at them like they had two heads.
“What are you talking about? You’re silly. Or maybe you’re just stupid.” 
They would run off and tell their mother or their grandmother that Jillian called them names. And she would answer right back, “They asked me if Papou beats me!” 
She loved to have the tables turned on her snively little relatives. One night when the family sat around the table together for dinner, Jill remembered that she wanted to ask her grandfather about his job. When there was a lull in the conversation, she spoke up.
“Papou, why did you decide to work in the grocery store when you are such a smart man?” 
She saw her mother, who had gone white, grab her father’s hand. Maybe she was going to get a beating after all. He turned to his little granddaughter and studied her face for a few minutes. Here was someone who was most like him, as his wife had said before. “She is wise for her years,” Eleni would say.
“Come here, little one.” 
He pushed his chair back and patted his lap for Jill to climb up on. She hopped up, and reached for his coffee cup without asking. She saw her mother put her head in her hand and, with the other hand, grab her heart.
“What do you think I should do for work?” he asked. She looked over his coffee cup at him, taking a sip. Then she put the cup down.
“You would make a great speaker,” she said. Everyone laughed, except her mother.
“I’m not sure I would make any money speaking. And I wanted to have something to leave to my sons after I die. I wanted to do something that would support our people.” Jill thought that was reasonable, and told him so.
“I want to do that, too. Support our people. Our people are the Greeks, right?” 
This was the last straw for Jill’s mother. She walked to her daughter and took her by the hand, pulling her off her grandfather’s lap.
“If you will pardon me, Father,” she said to her father-in-law, and to her daughter, “That’s enough. You are very rude!” 
The grandparents didn’t want to contradict their daughter-in-law, so they didn’t say anything, but her Papou reached over and patted Jill’s arm. After that, Jill always felt like she could say anything to her grandparents, including the revelation that Miss Petrokas was pregnant.
A few months later, Miss Petrokas would be relieved of her duties at Sunday school due to her very obvious condition.
***
Peter Zannos was the first of the sons to leave Greektown. He was wildly in love with Joan Ruthmann, a vivacious and outspoken nursing student from Northville. They were both seniors at Wayne State, within walking distance of the store. 
But, he discovered almost immediately that Joan hated Greektown. The first time she accompanied Pete to the grocery for a Sunday dinner, she could barely mask her disgust. The thought that a meal was prepared in the horrible kitchen behind the counter was enough to make her lose her appetite. She went home to Northville the next day, to announce to her mother that Peter was sprung from the loins of country bumpkins.
“I hope he isn’t going to expect me to go there for every holiday,” Joan said. “Greek Easter will be enough, but only if it doesn’t fall on our Easter Sunday,” she said with distaste. “Honestly, his mother looks like a dignified person, but then I caught her staring at me with her eyelids lowered; it gave me the creeps, like she was trying to read my mind or put a spell on me. Ugh! She should be wearing a black babushka like that peasant woman at the gun shop.”
“I imagine his mother is a good cook, though,” Mrs. Ruthmann said, trying to find something positive about the situation. “I love Greek food!” 
When Joan announced that she may soon be engaged, all Faye Ruthmann could think of was that she might finally be relieved of the grind of preparing holiday meals for her family. She had raised six children and Joan was the last one. Won’t Joan spend Thanksgiving with Peter’s family? she wondered. Now, it wasn’t looking too promising.
“Maybe you could give her another chance,” Faye pleaded. “Isn’t Peter going to be hurt if you don’t go?”
“Are you kidding me? He doesn’t care at all. I don’t think he likes going there any more than I do. It’s completely chaotic. I’m still not sure who all the kids are or which of them even belong to Pete’s family. When we got there, a big group of relatives from Windsor had just arrived, and the yelling and talking was deafening. I almost turned around and walked out.” 
The moment she walked over the threshold, Joan started plotting how she was going to get out of there before dinner was served, and achieved success by telling Peter she had a headache. Let him convey the news, she thought.
It was the last time she would go to the store in Greektown when other relatives were there. Peter continued going without her. 
He never hesitated leaving until after their first baby, Sally Jane, was born. It was winter, and miserable cold. They still pretended there was a possibility she might go along, and he always invited her. Joan used the excuse of the drive on icy roads into Detroit being too risky, and kept silent about the abhorrence of taking a new baby to be spit on by her Greek relatives. She encouraged Peter to go without her.
“I feel strange leaving you by yourself,” he said. “Are you sure you don’t mind?”
“Absolutely sure! I want you to go and see your family. Give them my best.” Joan kissed Peter goodbye. 
They continued their lifetime routine of Joan staying behind while Peter went into Greektown alone.
“Where’s your wife? I thought for sure she would come now that you have a baby. How are we supposed to get to know the kid?” Maria asked, when Pete showed up after Sally was born. “Humph! Don’t think I like this very much.” 
Eleni was surprised, but withheld her opinion. It was more important that her son showed up, not who he dragged along.
“It’s not your business, Maria. Keep your comments to yourself, please,” Eleni said. But Maria wasn’t shutting up.
“She doesn’t like us?” Maria pressed him. Peter laughed.
“Stop! She doesn’t want to bring the baby out in this weather, is all.” He took his boots off and left them at the door, along with ten other pairs neatly lined up. Customers were used to having to navigate around the pile. “I’m starving. What’s to eat?” 
His mother corralled her children together to go up to the apartment where she would serve them a meal, leaving the store open for business. It was hard enough to make a buck nowadays, without their customers having to negotiate a pack of young adults standing around eating. The bickering about Joan continued as they walked up to the apartment.

“How’d she get away with not showing up? I mean, I have to be here; she should, too,” Nick’s wife Paula complained. Brother John’s wife Liz nodded her head in agreement.
“I wish I was home in front of my fireplace,” Liz replied. 
John turned his head and gave her a shut the hell up look. The smells of lamb and roasted potatoes were beginning to float down the staircase to greet them. They ate family style, with platters of food set in the center of the table and everyone digging in.
No one minced words about Joan staying home, including her good friends Liz and Paula, but Peter didn’t mind. He regularly trashed his brother’s wives too, insinuating that Liz was a snob and Paula a gossip, but he did it in such a nice way that it took a few minutes for the real meaning of his comments to sink in. 
That Sunday, Maria provided the perfect opportunity for Peter to show off his character assassination skills.
“I thought of writing a newsletter for our Christmas card this year. Do any of you get them?” Maria asked. “I know Aunt Voola from Toronto sends one every year. So does Liz.”
“We got one last Christmas as a matter of fact,” Peter answered. “From Liz.” He smiled at his sister-in-law.
“Did you read it? My fear is that it’ll get thrown in the trash after I took the time to write it,” Maria said.
“We didn’t have to read it. We’d had dinner with Paula and Nick the day before it arrived so any news we needed about Liz and John, we got right then,” Peter said. 
Nick did his best not to laugh, but it took Paula longer to get the dig. When she did she laughed, embarrassed, hoping Peter wouldn’t go any further. She wracked her brain trying to remember the circumstances Peter was recalling. 
Peter and Joan, Nick and Paula, and Liz and John regularly socialized, but at that dinner almost a year ago, Liz and John couldn’t get away, making themselves a target for Paula’s cattiness. Paula blushed with the memory of the confidence she betrayed. Liz had complained to her about John’s lack of interest in sex, making it extra difficult for her to get pregnant.
“I have to give myself these damn hormone injections every morning, so I feel like a pin-cushion, and then at night he rolls over with his back to me,” Liz complained.
“Sex is the only thing I never have to worry about. Nick is always ready,” Paula countered.
“Paula, you’re so full of shit,” Liz replied. She didn’t say what she thought, however: I don’t see you getting pregnant.
Peter was a kind-hearted jokester and didn’t go any further. He wasn’t going to divulge his brother’s personal business at Sunday dinner, or anywhere for that matter. He noticed Liz frowning across the table at Paula. The next time Joan invited the two other couples over, they both came. Liz wasn’t going to miss out again, thereby making herself a target. She’d never withheld any information about her life from her sister-in-law, but it wasn’t too late to start. 
For years after, Liz would abstain from sharing anything intimate about her life with John Zannos.
***
Gus got up to pour more coffee, but Jill put her hand over his. “If I drink any more I’ll be up all night,” she said. “Tell me more about the aunts.” 
Gus scratched his neck, looking out onto the street through the glass door.
“Now I’m really telling family secrets to you two. You both have to promise me you won’t repeat a word of this. I’d get in so much trouble with my sister if you did.” Both Andy and Jill nodded quickly in agreement. They loved family gossip. 
“Okay, well this happened a while ago, over twenty-five years ago, I think. Sophie is a year older than I am, and she didn’t get married until she was in her early thirties, so yes, that’s about right. Her husband, Joe,” he said in a clipped voice. 
Just her husband, Joe. Jill nodded her head quickly again, but Andy frowned.
“I don’t think I’ve ever met the guy! Believe it or not,” he said. “But I have read about him and I’ve heard enough about him from my mom and pop.”
Gus took a drink of coffee and settled back in his chair.
“Like I said, Sophie is a year older than me. Maria was old enough to help downstairs in the store when we were youngsters, so Sophie and I played alone together upstairs unless we were off at school or out in the park. We were close as kids. As soon as she finished high school, she left home. We either got scholarships for college, or worked and paid our way as we went. 
“That’s what Sophie did. She got a loan and started going to secretarial school. It had a small dormitory the female students could live in. She rarely came into town after that.
“It was a one year program. After she graduated she got an apartment in Plymouth. Joan and Peter were getting married and moving there, so he would be close to his job at Ford. They encouraged her to apply there, too.
“Sophie was hired to work in the public relations office. She was a dynamic woman. I think if there’s a case to be made for a woman staying single, it was Sophie. She had a great apartment, and traveled all over the world with a couple of her girlfriends. But I knew she was lonely. She wanted kids, too, and back in those days it wasn’t as prevalent, or shall we say acceptable, to adopt a kid as a single parent. I mean, it was done, but we had a pretty conservative family and she would’ve suffered a lot of wrath from the parents and her brothers.
“It wasn’t uncommon for Greeks to have arranged marriages, but I think my parents were too busy to arrange any for us. We were all engaged on our own steam by the time we were in college, except for Sophie. 
“My mother started to bug her about finding someone, ‘a good Greek boy,’ and getting married. When I graduated from Drexel and Christina and I got married, my parents really started in on Sophie. ‘Everyone else is married!’ they’d yell. ‘What you waitin’ for?’ my mother would say to her. 
“Finally, she told them she did want to get married someday, but no one was interested. We didn’t have the community of close friends like other Greeks here did, because our relatives were all in Canada. But my brothers were all out in the world, so our father asked them to help Sophie find a husband.
“Peter worked with a cousin of Joe Papodopolous, and evidently Joe used to hang out with this group of men when they played poker. Pete came to my dad and told him about Joe, and we could hear our mother screaming, “A poker friend? You can’t find anyone better?” She had no idea about the family that Joe Papodopolous came from. You know, the money. Anyway, evidently it was love at first sight.
“The families wanted to meet, so Peter invited Joe’s to Greektown and they got Sophie to attend. I remember the first time I had a little bit o’ shame about our humble store; Joe’s parents were probably expecting one of the big, fancy restaurants and not our little deli. They couldn’t hide their shock. But the meal was delicious, and Joe couldn’t keep his eyes off Sophie. She was good looking in her youth!”
“Papa! Aunt Sophie is still pretty! Boy, oh boy. Andy, if we ever needed to bribe my father for anything, I think we got the ammo tonight,” Jill said. “So you’re telling us Uncle Joe and Aunt Sophie have an arranged marriage. It seems to have worked out pretty well for them, I must say.” 
From Jill’s perspective, theirs looked like the ideal marriage. Sophie came to family get-togethers alone since the children had grown up. She and Uncle Joe weren’t connected at the hip like so many other couples. Of course, she needed to hear Sophie’s side of the story some day.
Chapter 7

Sophie Zannos Papadopoulos lived in a cocoon for so long that she’d forgotten what her original expectations were for marriage. She saw her brothers and their wives interacting and doing things together, going shopping or planning a garden or having friends over for cards. She tried to remember how long it was after her honeymoon before she gave up hope. 
Stubbornness ran in the family though, so if Joe thought he would be able to ignore her and use her like a maid or a baby machine without her picking a fight, he was wrong. It wasn’t until after their first baby was born that Sophie accepted that her marriage was over. Trying to engage her husband just wasn’t worth the humiliation. He’d be away on a business trip, and Sophie would spend hours preparing for his homecoming: primping, getting the house in perfect order, and cooking a favorite meal, and he’d ignore her once he got home. She’d be lucky if he kissed her on the cheek. 
After the children were born, it got worse. He’d be gone for six weeks at a time, and wouldn’t call her or email. The first time it happened, she was so worried after days of unanswered voice mail messages and emails to him, she called his secretary. It would be the last time she would try to track him down. The phone rang and she ran to pick it up.
“Did you really call my office?” It was Joe. No hello or is everything okay? And he was pissed.
“Yes, I did. You’ve been gone for three days I didn’t know if you were dead or alive, Joe. What’s going on?” she asked.
“Don’t do it again. I’m on business; you knew I was going away. We don’t need to talk every day. I’m hanging up now.” 
The line was dead. Sophie looked at the phone in her hand, incredulous. What if she had gotten sick, or died? Or worse, what if one of the kids got sick? Anger set in. She got her children settled for the night, and started to pace. She was up until early morning, determined she would have it out with him when he got home.
The next morning, she got the children up and off to school, and came home to the empty house with hopes he would call her. When noon came and he hadn’t gotten in touch yet, she called him again, and every half hour after that. 
At first, she left messages. “Joe, I can’t live like this.” And, “Please, please tell me what’s wrong.” 
After a while, she simply hung up when his voicemail came on. The next day, she couldn’t eat, crying on and off all day, looking at the phone and finding the strength not to pick it up. Finally, by the weekend, she wasn’t even thinking of him. She was sure she didn’t love Joe, but felt trapped there; they had three kids together. Wouldn’t it be easier to stay and make a life for her children? What would it cost her?
To her family and friends she pretended nothing was wrong, that she was in a loving marriage, happy and satisfied. Soon, she believed it herself. Everything was okay between them; he was successful because she kept the home fires burning for him and never made any demands. 
When he came home, he occasionally reached for her for sex, and she complied because she needed it. It wasn’t great, but it was better than doing it alone.
Her family didn’t suspect she was miserable. She’d hated the apartment above the store in Greektown since childhood, so her visits were infrequent and brief. She’d bring her children to see their grandparents, and after they died, only when summoned for a holiday, wedding or funeral. Her brothers’ wives were a bunch of self-centered gossips and she avoided them whenever possible. 
They chalked up her behavior to a busy life with a successful husband and three fabulous children. She would perpetuate the myth for as long as she could.
Chapter 8

Andy got up to pour more coffee. When they got together like this to talk, it often went into the night. Andy called his wife to ask her to either join them in the city, or be patient until he got home, but the answering machine picked up.
“What made you stay here, Uncle Gus?” Andy asked. Gus reached for the cream pitcher before he spoke, pouring thick whipping cream into his coffee first. He looked over at his daughter, hoping she was up for full disclosure. He needed to talk about it.
“We almost did leave right after Chris was born.” 
Jill looked at him, studying his face for hidden secrets. She had never heard this story. 
“It was a shock to all of us. We’d never had birth defects in our family’s history, at least any that weren’t covered up. There are myths that the Greeks won’t tolerate imperfection in infants, and that country people will leave a baby with problems on the hillside to die.”
Appalled, Jill cried out. “That can’t be true!”
“No worries, my love,” Gus said, patting her arm. “It was an old wives’ tale. But it resonated. 
“My wife wanted to bring Chris home, but my mother wouldn’t hear of it. She was worried about the impact having a baby with so many issues would have on the whole family.” 
Gus hung his head, looking at his hands. 
“I should have made a stand. But back then, it made sense. The doctors at the hospital said it would be better for everyone if we put him in an institution. They fed him with a tube at first. 
“After her discharge from the hospital, I took your mother back every afternoon to hold him. They transferred him to a nursing home in Rochester. It was too far to drive daily, but she insisted. If I couldn’t take her, she would take a bus. It caused problems. Finally, my father suggested that she get a driver’s license. No women drove in our family, so it seemed like a radical idea.
“But Christina got her license. My father bought her a car, a 1967 Buick. It was so big that we had to park it on Antoine, where the street is wider. Every morning she got up at four and started the baking for the day, watching the clock the entire time. We baked all the rolls and bread on site back in those days. She’d finish by nine. My father would tell her she could leave. She’d grab her purse, kiss me good bye, and run out the door. It took over an hour to get to Rochester.
“She made the trip daily until he was six months old and could start taking a bottle. Then they moved him to the state home in Plymouth. It was a long trip; she took Grand River to Plymouth Road all the way. I was worried sick about her driving and it never occurred to me to ask my parents if I could go with her. I had to work. It was what men did.
“He got better and better physically. However, there was that intellectual deficit. He wouldn’t have survived, living here. People are too cruel. My own mother could barely tolerate acknowledging his existence. ‘We don’t have any retardation in our family,’ she’d say in front of me. 
“My mother was a dichotomy all right; a spiritual giant on one hand and an ignorant peasant on the other. It was what I grew up with. But don’t repeat it to your father,” he said to Andy. “It might start a family war. Big Andy is loyal to a fault about family.”
Andy smiled; it was true. He’d never heard his father say a negative thing about anyone, let alone family.
“Of course, just two years later, you were born,” Gus looked at Jill. “You were our salvation. You were perfect in every way. You talked before you were one year old, did you know that? I often thought it may have been somewhat of a curse.” He looked at her, deadpan. They laughed. “The house was full with you from the start. Your grandparents allowed behavior from you that would have threatened the lives of their own children. I once heard you tell my mother that she would be a lot more attractive if she shaved in the morning, ‘Like my Papou does,’ you said. I thought your mother would faint.”
“I did not say that!” Jill exclaimed.
“Oh, you did, and more. We had to all be on our toes around you, and not do anything that we didn’t want the entire neighborhood to know about,” Gus chuckled. And then he quietly said, “The daily trips to Plymouth started up again when you were just a month old. And then when you were eight, she had the accident.” 
Father and daughter looked at each other sadly. It was not a topic that was discussed. This was a salient moment, and although she dreaded it in theory, she knew it was time. Why did he tolerate daily trips for eight years? It was unfathomable. 
“What happened, Papa? I mean I know what happened, but how did you hear? How did you manage?”
“Andy, are you sure you want to do this with us?” Gus looked at his nephew with pity.
“I do, Uncle Gus. I have often thought about what you went through; how I would never be able to do it...raise a kid by myself.” Gus smiled at his nephew.
“I had my parents to help me,” he said. “I remember it like it was yesterday. There was a member of the family available about every twenty-five miles. We often had a relay across the state. I’d take something to Dearborn, Big Andy would take it to Northville, Pete would take it to Nick who worked out of Brighton, and Nick would take it to John in Eaton Rapids. Sophie was in Grand Rapids and Maria was in Saugatuck. No one had to drive more than an hour. My mother had bread and pies transported like that for years. Where was I? Oh, right. I was going to tell you about the day Christina died.
“She was coming home from seeing Christopher, and got tired and fell asleep. That’s all there was to it. No one else was injured. The officer at the scene recognized the name and called Nick. Nick came over to tell us. 
“As much as my parents never warmed to Christina, they were devastated. I remember thinking that I had to keep it together because of Jill, but then I would look at my mother and see that the news had aged her ten years. Pop, too. I couldn’t fall apart, because they needed me.”
“I remember the funeral,” Jill said. Gus looked surprised.
“You do?” he asked. “I was in a fog.”
“Gigi kept saying she didn’t know who was going to go to Plymouth now. I said, ‘You can go, Gigi!’ Talk about out of the mouths of babes,” Jill said.
“She did, too,” Gus said. “Although not every day, she made my father take her every Wednesday. We went every Sunday for years, Jillian and me. We’d take Chris to lunch at Bill Knapp’s.” 
Gus was afraid to say anymore. The obvious discrepancy in Christopher’s life when compared to the rest of the family was glaring. Why didn’t he just bring his son home as soon as his parents died? As if reading his mind, Jill answered him. She wouldn’t feel this way in the future, but for now, she’d support his decision.
“Papa, Chris is happy in his group home. He has lived with that same group of men for over twenty years. If you were to have taken him out, he wouldn’t have had the friends here that he has. He’d be alone. It would have been miserable for him. He probably should have been brought home as a baby, and then he would have had a life here. Would people really have said so much?” 
She wondered if IQs were lower back in those days. The thought crossed her mind that her mother might still be alive if the baby Christopher hadn’t been institutionalized. That’s what people did back then when they had a special needs child; at the advice of their physicians, they put them away, Jill thought.
“My family went every week, still does. At least my dad does,” Andy said. “I know Uncle Nick goes a couple of times a week.”
Lucky for Chris, when the state home closed he was old enough to live in a group home. He wanted to go with his friends from Plymouth State. Whenever Gus asked him if he would like to come to Detroit for a visit, he always refused. He had never stepped out of the town of Plymouth.
***
Andy left to go home after ten. He knew Dana would be furious with him. He was staying away from home for longer and longer periods, but he couldn’t help himself. It was self-preservation. She was always so angry with him. She had wanted to get pregnant so badly, and was the first to admit afterward that having kids was no bed of roses. Her parents had lived two blocks away, and that was why Dana and Andy bought where they did. Then they found land on which to build a house that was more than an hour from Novi, and her support system left town.
Four of her girlfriends were over on Sunday with their children, playing in the pool he put in because she needed it to survive the boring summer months while he worked. He overheard Dana telling them that she was embarrassed that her husband worked in a Greektown grocery store. He was stunned; he knew she hated the idea of him working far from her, but embarrassed? When he graduated from college, he realized after six months that he hated his job as a CPA. Dana had agreed that if what he wanted to do was to work at the family grocery store in hopes of someday taking it over, it was what he should do.
But what she assumed was that he would move it out of the city, or open a branch, or sell it. Not that he would drive into Detroit every single day of the week, and leave her at home with two kids.
Andy loved the boys. From their birth he got up in the middle of the night for feedings, did the grocery shopping, got someone in to clean, and tried to do everything he could to be helpful to his wife and ease her burden. But it wasn’t enough.
Gus let him come in at ten so he would miss rush hour and be able to see his family in the morning. So Dana could sleep in, Andy got up with the boys every morning, fixed them breakfast, and played with them until it was time for him to leave for the city at nine. Three days a week, he left the store early and would be home in time to see his boys get off the bus. He made up for it by going in on Saturdays, but he always brought the boys with him and invited Dana, who declined.
“Why in God’s name would I want to spend my Saturday with your mother and father in that filthy town? Forget it. I can’t think of anything I’d dislike more. My parents are hurt because we haven’t been to Stockbridge yet to see their property. Maybe I’ll go alone while you subject our kids to the ghetto life.”
“Momma will be sorry! Won’t she, boys?” Andy teased, trying to smooth over what she had said in front of the kids so they wouldn’t repeat it to Gus.
“I doubt it. The only thing I am sorry about right now is marrying you.” 
Dana looked Andy right in the eye. Things were bad between them, but he hadn’t realized how bad. He was used to having his feelings hurt by her, but even this was over the top. What was wrong with her?
“I’ll call Gus and tell him I’m not coming in today. We need to talk, that’s obvious enough.” Andy went to her, to touch her, grabbing her arm. He needed to connect with her.
“Don’t bother, Andy! I have plans today. You think my life revolves around you, but it doesn’t. Go to your dirty store and have a great day!” She pulled away from him and went into their bedroom, slamming the door.
“What’s wrong with Mommy?” little Danny asked. Andy picked him up.
“I made Mommy sad because I forgot to bring her flowers. I’ll bring some tonight, okay?” Both boys nodded their heads yes vigorously. Andy vacillated between thinking he should go to his wife and demand that she talk to him, or run out the door to escape to work. He chose work.
Chapter 9

Being Greek, living above the family grocery store, having a special needs brother, a dead mother, and a little ESP, cemented Jill’s outcast standing in the community.
One day when she was about fourteen she went to the public library to borrow a book and when she was leaving, she overheard a group of boys her age say, “Now there’s a smelly Greek.” She whipped around to see where it had come from, knowing it was meant for her, when she made eye contact with the librarian, also Greek. The librarian picked up a book, put it to the side of her mouth facing the crowded room, and mouthed, “Fuck them.” After she got over her initial shock, Jill snickered, flipped her ponytail over her shoulder and, with her head held high, walked out.
Somehow she was able to maintain that mindset of not allowing the smallness of others affect her sense of self-worth. She led a charmed life and knew it. Certainly, it was sad and tough to have lost her mother at such a young age, but her grandmother loved her, her grandfather cherished her, and her father worshipped her. It was more comedic than anything else that she was out of place in a neighborhood of her own people. It strengthened her resolve to serve them in some way, to turn the tables on them as a way of retaliation. Her revenge would be to make them grateful.
So, from youth, Jill wanted to be a police officer. Whenever she saw Uncle Nick, he was in uniform. She remembered seeing him the day he delivered the news of her mother’s death; he was beside himself. His parents shushed him, begging him to pull himself together for the sake of Gus. 
Grief didn’t diminish his appearance. Tall, dark and handsome, with the dark blue dress uniform, a black leather shoulder holster, and his hat in his hands, she was sure people didn’t even notice that he was Greek. He was just ravishing. 
His wife was an Irish girl he met in Corktown; Paula was a beauty. She had shiny blue-black hair like Jill, but there the similarities ended. Where Jill had black eyes and olive skin, Paula had huge blue eyes and pale, rosy skin. Paula’s figure was rounded and curvy. Jill was like her mother; broad shouldered and flat hipped. At Christina’s funeral, the eight-year-old Jill approached her.
“May I say something, Aunt Paula?” she asked.
“Why of course, Jillian. What is it?” Paula leaned forward in anticipation of her young niece, possibly getting ready to confess her anguish over the loss of her mother. Instead,
“My Uncle Nick is sure handsome, isn’t he? He’s what the women around here call a ‘tall drink of water.’”  
“Don’t you think that’s bad manners, Jill? This is your mother’s funeral,” Paula admonished.
“Oh, it’s okay. Mom always said the same thing when she was alive. She liked Uncle Nick a lot.” 
Cringing now, thinking of it, she wondered how her personality could have changed so dramatically from the outgoing child to the introverted adult. 
But that day at the funeral, Jill lifted her eyebrow and nodded her head toward where he stood with his brothers. Paula frowned and told Jill they should be honoring her mother that day. This child was impossible.
As a child, Jill overheard her mother talking about her handsome brother-in-law to a friend. She later wondered about her uncle’s influence on her decision to be a cop. She didn’t think Uncle Nick and his uniform had much to do with it, but Paula thought it did and made sure the rest of the family knew it, too. 

Years later, after having too much to drink at Jill’s police academy graduation, Paula approached her husband as he stood talking to his niece.
“She’s like the daughter you never had, isn’t that right Nicky? Look at you in your uniform, Jill! If you play your cards right, your Uncle Nick might leave you something in his will, isn’t that right, honey?”
“Oh Jesus, not this again,” Nick said, kissing his niece on her cheek. “I better get your Aunt Paula home.” 

Self-conscious of her uniform after that, Jill was careful to be in civilian clothing when Nick and Paula were expected. She’d leave her gun and badge locked in the car.

It wasn’t only the relatives who thought Jill was odd. Her own mother had doubts. Christina was leaving Greektown to visit Christopher in Plymouth one Saturday, when she saw Jill picking at something in the gutter with Dido standing over her, the two of them talking away. She maneuvered the big car around and headed back, carefully pulling up. 
Later, she would tell her husband about it.
“The child had a stick in her hand and she was turning over a dead rat. She was crouching in the gutter like a street urchin wearing a red dotted-Swiss dress. That old woman was telling her something, but the minute I showed up, she clammed up and went back to her perch at the gun shop.” Christina looked at her daughter. “What were you doing with the rat? What was Dido talking to you about?” she asked her.
“Nothing! Dido told me that in Athens, they had rats all over their house. She said during the war they ate them when there was no food,” Jill explained. Christina took her by her arm and gave her a little shake.
“And what were you doing with the rat?” she asked, exasperated.
“I just wanted to see it up close. It had a hole in its side and the guts were coming out. There was a long tube curled up…” Christina yelled for her to stop.
“That is enough! You go to your room right now! I don’t want to hear another word about rats or guts or tubes, do you understand me? And stay away from Dido!” She pointed her finger toward the staircase. “Go!” Jill, not one to let someone else get the last word in, was just as glad to be away from these old people.
“Fine!” She put her head in the air and walked up the stairs, taking her time, knowing she was infuriating her mother.

After Christina’s death, Jill was remorseful for having caused her anguish. Her sense of isolation increased. The other children avoided her; frightened they would lose their own mothers just by association. Now her grandmother would accompany her to Corktown school functions. Or her father would attend if he could get away. Jill would speak only Greek to them, making the family more of a curiosity than ever. 
When they were on the street, Dido purposely baited the little girl, asking her in Greek if she knew how her mother died and if she missed her. The questioning intrigued Jill; it was as though she had come upon some forbidden knowledge, or viewed a photograph not suitable for children. She’d linger at Dido’s side, thinking long and hard about how to answer the difficult questions. 
And when she was finally able to put into words her deepest feelings, heartbreaking testimonials of a young girl who’d lost her mother in a violent car crash, Dido would slowly smile, and nod her head in satisfaction.
Chapter 10

So excited about her date with Mike Friday night, Gretchen Parker woke up in the morning without her alarm clock. She pulled on her running clothes and sneakers, and left the house at six. If she ran a good five miles, she could skip the gym after work and spend that time getting her nails done. Mike noticed when she put in that extra bit with her appearance. She knew she was beautiful; was that so wrong? It wasn’t like she bragged about it, but acknowledging it was different. It gave her an edge that most other women didn’t have. Plus, the praise and attention her father lavished on her strengthened her self-confidence, when it wasn’t suffocating her.
Tonight, Mike was introducing her to his friend, Soud. He talked non-stop about her; she was an agent for the biggest modeling agency in the U.S. Gretchen didn’t have a portfolio, but Mike told her not to worry; they would arrange for her photos. It wouldn’t cost her anything, either.
Mike liked it that her father was so strict. She asked if her curfew would be a hindrance to meeting a big agent but Mike said no; they were going to meet at the Fairlane in the early evening, and Soud would see Gretchen in the room she rented for her visit. She was in Dearborn for the weekend and had a family function to attend Saturday. Gretchen liked how the Lebanese were so tightly knit. She didn’t have any family besides her mom and dad.
Gretchen got home at seven and hurried through her morning routine; she pulled into the bank parking lot at 7:59 sharp. The day went quickly. After work, she rushed home to get ready for her date. She wore exactly what Mike said she should wear: skinny jeans, black high heels, and a crisp, white sleeveless blouse. Her mother was worried she would get cold later, so she took a black sweater along, just in case. She didn’t tell her parents about Soud, they would expect too much explanation, and she found it was better to keep things simple.
Mike drove to Fairlane. He walked with her to the hotel room number that Soud had given him. She answered the door at the first knock. Mike introduced the women. Soud made a point of looking Gretchen up and down, smiling.
“Good job, Mikey!” she said. “You can still pick the women!” Gretchen was pleased that Soud was happy with her. “Come in, Gretchen.” Soud walked over to a seating area next to a window overlooking Michigan Avenue. “Have a seat.” 
Soud pointed to the sofa. It was a busy Friday night; traffic was bumper to bumper. The cars’ red tail-lights glowed in the darkness. It had just started to rain, a light mist that made the lights reflect on the black pavement. Soud made a show of getting an application out of a briefcase that was on the floor next to the couch. She walked over to Gretchen and gave her the application and a pen.
“If you don’t mind, fill this out, will you? We can get right down to the interview.”
Gretchen looked at the application and an alarm bell went off in her head. It was a copy of a copy, fuzzy type and faded, of a generic job application. Gretchen was sure Mike had used the words biggest modeling agency when he described the group Soud was affiliated with. 
Suddenly frightened, Gretchen knew that Mike would be annoyed if she questioned them now. Could this possibly be a scam? She took a deep breath and decided not to worry, to just go with the flow. She could trust Mike, she was sure of it. He seemed to have an old world respect for her, a gentlemanly honor. Certainly, he wouldn’t involve her in anything shady. She began to fill out the form. Soud kept up a steady banter of conversation.
“My company is a combination modeling agency/escort service. When our clients come into the city they may need a companion to attend a special event or a date for an evening out.” 
Gretchen was listening to Soud, but what she was saying wasn’t registering. Why would Mike want me to date other men? Mike saw her expression, a combination of surprise with a little fear mixed in.
“Let’s have a drink,” Mike interrupted, and Soud agreed; they opened the little refrigerator and got bottles out. He got Gretchen a diet Coke, poured it into an ice-filled glass, and handed it to her. She took the glass and sipped the cold, refreshing soda, then put the glass down. She either had to trust Mike or leave. 
Continuing to fill out the application, she came to a place where it asked for a short synopsis of why she thought she should be hired. She answered honestly, “I would be an asset to this company.” 
She’d remember that simple statement later and laugh. After she finished, she gave the application to Soud and picked up her glass for another drink. She preferred artificially sweetened soda, but this one had a funny after-taste. She took another sip and confirmed that she didn’t like it, putting the glass down.
“What’s wrong with your pop?” Mike asked.
“I guess it’s the sweetener,” Gretchen said, wrinkling her nose. 
Mike got up and got another out of the refrigerator, taking it into the bathroom to get another glass. He brought it back, this time without the ice. He poured just a half glass. She sipped it and said it tasted better. Soud and Mike were speaking Lebanese together. Gretchen felt removed from the conversation. She glanced out the window to look at traffic again, her eyes suddenly feeling tired. She had been up since six and had nothing to eat all day. She wondered if this was the extent of the interview, and if they would think she was rude if she just laid her head back on the chair and closed her eyes for a moment.
When she woke up, she was lying on a bed. She looked around; this was not the same hotel room where she had her interview with Soud and Mike. She was alone. The sheet and blanket fell away as she struggled to sit up, realizing she was naked. It was dark in the room. 
She ripped the sheet off the bed and wrapped up in it, then stumbled to the window. Where am I? Then she saw it; a sign for the Athenium Hotel several blocks away. She was in Detroit, close to Greektown. How did she get here? She fought to think, while snapshots of the evening flashed in her mind; Mike, Soud, her mom and dad. 
She turned around to look at the nightstand; the clock said one. It was after midnight. Her parents would be so worried. The unfamiliar hotel and absence of any memory frightened her. Although, naked in a strange hotel room didn’t leave much to the imagination. She had to find her clothes and get out of there.
Where is Mike? Suddenly, she heard voices coming from the other side of the door leading to the room next to hers: she recognized Soud’s voice. She wanted to run to the bathroom to hide, but knew that was futile; where were her damn clothes? 
Pulling the sheet tighter around her body, she looked around the room. She opened the closet, but it was too dark to see and she didn’t want to turn the light on in case they were watching for it from the other room. The phone on the night table was dead. She pulled on the cord and it was loose; she felt to the end of the cord and found the plug. She would have to turn on the light to plug the phone in. The minutes were ticking away. As she reached for the switch, the door to the next room opened and light flooded in. The woman she knew as Soud entered with a strange man.
“Well, well, well! You’re finally up, you lazy girl!” Soud said.
“Where am I? What happened?” Gretchen yelled this out, fright increasing by the second. Soud came to her and grabbed her arm, the man close behind.
“Don’t raise your voice.” She pulled her toward the bathroom. “Stay out here, please,” she said to the man. 
Keeping her grip on Gretchen’s arm, she shoved her into the bathroom and closed the door. Gretchen was whimpering, and begging Soud to tell her what was going to happen to her. Soud bent down and turned the water on in the bathtub.
“You’ll be fine, Gretchen! Part of your responsibilities will be working as an escort, as I explained. But we’re running late and I don’t have time to go into everything. 
“This guy is one of our best clients; he’s loaded and he’s a big teddy bear. You’ll make more money tonight than you made in a month at the bank. We have to hurry. You’re going to shower first,” Soud said. 
She turned to look at Gretchen, a smile plastered across her face. “If you want to model, you have to pay your dues. That man in there? He’s taking you to the casino and then to breakfast. He has huge contacts in the New York modeling circuit. You are pretty, but face it, so are a million other girls. It won’t hurt to have the connections.” 
She stuck her hand in the stream of water to check the temperature. “Get in. Don’t get your hair wet.” Gretchen did as she was told. Soud continued telling her the facts about what she was getting into. “You aren’t required to have sex with the men, but it will only help you. Bequil probably won’t try anything, but trust me: he’d be worth it. If you end up with him, your career is set big time.”
Gretchen began to weep silently, as much from the side effects of the Rohypnol as from terror. Soud was on the other side of the shower curtain telling her to hurry up. Gretchen finished washing as Soud reached in, shut the water off, and pulled back the curtain. She kept her eyes averted so that Soud wouldn’t see the tears. She had a glass of orange juice, or something orange colored, and demanded Gretchen drink it. It tasted bitter. Gretchen was now certain that she had been drugged earlier and that she was being drugged now.
“Dry off.” Soud opened the door to the room. “Bequil,” she said to the man, “hand me that satchel there on the chair.” The man did as he was told. Soud brought it into the bathroom and set it on the counter. 
“Sit down, “she said, pointing to a bench in front of the mirror. She pulled a large bag of makeup out of the satchel: jars of color, powders, and tubes large and small, brushes, cotton balls. She pulled Gretchen’s hair up and clipped it out of the way. Soud began applying makeup to Gretchen’s face; false eyelashes, heavy eye shadow, glossy lipstick. Her touch was gentle and expert. She transformed Gretchen from an attractive, fresh young woman into a showgirl.
“You are so flat chested,” she said, pointing to Gretchen’s youthful breasts. She dug further in the satchel and brought out a padded bra. “Put this on.” 
Gretchen did as she was told. Soud left the room for a moment to pull a garment bag out of the closet. She laid it across the counter and unzipped it. It held a white, full-length sheath, covered in crystal bugle beads. It was beautiful.
“What about pants?” Gretchen asked. Soud laughed.
“You won’t need them,” she replied. 
She unzipped the dress and motioned for Gretchen to step into it. It fit her perfectly. Soud reached up and pulled the clip out of Gretchen’s hair. Her hair perfectly fell around her shoulders in waves. She looked like a movie star. 
“Put these on,” she said, handing Gretchen a shoebox, a pair of silver strappy sandals inside. They were too big.
“Keep a smile on your face,” Soud said. “You have your future at stake. If you play your cards right, you will have a life to be envied. But you can leave at any time, so don’t try pulling the you forced me card. No one kidnapped you.” 
Gretchen betrayed herself for the first of many times that weekend; she smiled a sincere smile. Maybe this wasn’t going to be as bad as it sounded. It never occurred to her to refuse or simply leave. If she could, she would contact her mother and father so they wouldn’t worry. She looked at herself in the mirror; she was stunning. And she was high. She watched her reflection as it appeared to levitate. She was afraid she would faint.
“I feel dizzy,” she told Soud.
“Well knock it off,” Soud replied. “If you faint you’ll ruin the dress.” 
Gretchen struggled to maintain her balance as she was led out of the steamy bathroom by Soud. She held Gretchen’s hand up high, as though she were a queen. The cool bedroom felt marvelous. The big shoes made it difficult to walk without swaying. The man, Bequil, whistled when he saw Gretchen. He walked up to her, taking her hand from Soud’s and bringing it to his lips, kissing it.
“You are truly lovely,” he said to her. 
Soud smiled. This would be a lucrative weekend! She had six women working for her and now, Gretchen. Her other girls were ethnic; Gretchen would fill a void in her business. A pretty, white, American girl was always in demand. And, it was already clear to Soud that she would be a willing asset to the business.
“Bequil, Gretchen,” Soud said, introducing them. 
Bequil put his arm out for Gretchen to take. She turned her head to look at Soud. Soud noticed her eyes; glazed over, unfocused. She wouldn’t give him any trouble. The couple left the hotel room for the casino. Soud knew it was risky to allow her to go out so soon. If she came to her senses and reported Soud to the authorities, they would test her blood and find evidence of the drugs. She should be taking Gretchen back to New York. But, she had business in Detroit tomorrow and Mike said tonight was the only time he had available to bring her over. Once Soud got her back to Manhattan, Gretchen would see the fabulous apartment she would have, the lavish lifestyle. She’d work for it, but it would be worth it. If she chose not to stay, they would send her home.

Bequil and Gretchen took the elevator down to the ground floor. There was a limo waiting for them, even though the casino was less than five blocks from the hotel. Gretchen would never be able to walk that far in the shoes, and felt grateful for the car.
She saw everything around her in a haze; nothing made any sense. She didn’t feel she was in danger or that she should run away from this strange man or scream for help. There were policemen all over the place, so it would be easy to get away if she wanted.
Looking up at the black, star-spangled sky and cross the river, Gretchen saw the lights of Windsor sparkling. What day was it? She really didn’t care, was just curious. 
She loved to be dressed up, to have everyone looking at her like she was a movie star. As she and her companion entered the casino, heads turned interested, but little more. It was full of middle aged and older people, playing the slot machines. This wasn’t Las Vegas.
Chapter 11

After the Parkers left, Jill made copies of Gretchen’s picture to distribute among the hotel workers. She pulled up to the alleyway where Gretchen’s body was discovered, parking the cruiser out of view of the hotel. As she walked down the alley, Jill noted the curious observers watching them from the dock. Who was on duty last night? She would start interviewing now. 
Jill, along with a pair of uniformed officers, entered the back entrance of the hotel and located the manager. He was an old hand at dealing with investigating police officers; the hotel was no stranger to calamity.
An unused conference room at the end of a corridor would be set aside for interviews. The uniformed officers would gather information about the employees, while Jill would speak with them individually. For now, the questioning would be limited to having heard or seen anything unusual.
They hit pay dirt immediately. A young housekeeper had to call a plumber in to room three forty-six because the bathtub drain was stopped up with what looked like liver. The plumber was still in the building, and while they waited for him, Jill called CSI to come in; they may have found the original location of the homicide.
The head plumber had to dismantle the drain in the bathtub because it was full of what turned out to be blood clots, not liver. He had a bucket of rags full of the gore; he and the maintenance supervisor had just put a call into the precinct to report the finding.
For the next two hours, Jill interviewed each of the hotel employees who were on duty during the hours that Sam Wasserman said Gretchen Parker most likely died. She’d made tremendous progress and was energized for it. 
But a strange pall overtook her as she left the hotel and began to walk toward her cruiser. By the time she slid behind the wheel, she knew she had to do something meaningful for her own wellbeing before she could move forward in the case. The quick trip to her apartment would do it for her. Locking the car and running up the stairs to her door, she went straight to her altar and lit a white candle. 
Ancestors’ possessions lined the simple table she used: her grandmother’s small icon in a gilt frame, a ceramic owl, a leaded crystal paperweight with the outline of a deer engraved in the bottom of it that had belonged to her Papou, her mother’s wedding ring, and a picture of her father when he was a child wearing short pants. 
Standing in front of the altar with her eyes closed, she took in ten deep breaths. She didn’t have to say a word. At the tenth breath, whatever anxiety or angst had tried to invade her was gone. 
Ready to tackle the rest of the work before her, she blew out the candle, remembering her grandmother had explained that white was the color of new beginnings and spiritual protection. 
Jill suddenly knew that this case of the murdered woman was permeated with more evil than the usual murder she investigated, that she needed to keep that veil of protection over her and Albert while they worked toward solving it. She closed her eyes again and whispered, “Thank you, Gigi.”
Chapter 12

Jacob Parker was a retired policeman. His late father had been a policeman, as had his father before him. But where his father and grandfather were servants of the community, Jacob Parker was a hate-filled bigot. He hated the way the city changed from a white, elitist town to an ethnically diverse city. Irrationally, he hated Dearborn being on the boundary of Detroit. He was asked by a few cronies, some who moved out of the city years before, why he stayed.
“My family made this town! There’s been a Parker here since 1804,” he said. “I’m not going anywhere.” 
His wife hated it, too. Originally from Detroit, she wanted to go back. She loved to get on a bus and go wherever she pleased. Here in Dearborn, she had to drive. And taking the car meant subjecting herself to the scrutiny of her husband. How many miles did you drive, how’d this ding get on the front bumper, why is there a new scratch on the door? He detailed their cars once a month, and now their daughter Gretchen was just as obsessed with hers.
Gretchen’s disappearance was the realization of a recurring nightmare. Over and over, Jacob saw her walk off with someone, her head turned looking back, smiling at him. 
He’d never forget walking into the hospital room the day she was born. Marianne sat up in bed with a bow in her hair, a bed jacket on for God’s sake, and the newborn in her arms. She looked just like a photo from the 1940s. 
Besotted, he stood over them, his police uniform immaculate, twisting his cap in his hands, and the tears started to roll down his cheeks. Oh my God, he thought, how am I going to protect this little human life? 
He reached down to touch her tiny fist. It immediately unfurled and grasped his finger. The infant opened her eyes and searched around until she found her father. She did not take her eyes off him. Marianne was frightened.
“I’ve never known a baby to do that before! Look at her!” 
She wouldn’t let go of Jacob’s finger. His daughter mesmerized him. They looked at each other until the baby tired of it and started rooting around for food. It was feeding time. But she’d made her point, and her father would become her slave.
Marianne secretly despised the relationship between her husband and daughter. It reduced her even further in the hierarchy of the household; she barely had a position at all before the baby came. Jacob lived for the baby. Marianne was given respect because she was the infant’s mother, but little else. 
Jacob left their shared bedroom permanently. He moved his clothes and shoes, emptied out his nightstand, put his toothbrush in the hall bathroom. They never had sex again.
Jacob had a volatile temper, so she didn’t question him about his disinterest, afraid for her safety. Besides, did she want to know the truth? Not really. Sex with her husband had been an ordeal. 
He’d never wanted children. When he found out she was pregnant, he was angry with her. “How could you let this happen?” he demanded. She was flabbergasted when she discovered it; she was getting old and they did it so infrequently. 
Soon, though, he started to look forward to her delivery. For the short months that she was showing with her pregnancy, he would pull her down on his lap and rub her big belly. He had never showed her so much attention. He’d lie next to her in their bed, pulling her close to him, spooning her so he could wrap his arms around her and feel the baby moving. She thought he was pretending that it was his belly. He’d come up behind her when she did dishes and hold her belly up, or caress her breasts. Not sexually. But seeming to measure their size, weighing their abundance as the origin of food for his child.
“You’re going to nurse her, aren’t you?” he asked, that first day in the hospital. 
She hadn’t been sure if she was going to yet, but his interest settled it. So she nursed Gretchen, and if Jacob was home, he would be there, staring at the tiny mouth latched on to her mother’s breast. 
One night, coy and red in the face, he asked if he could taste the milk. Marianne was surprised again, and took her finger to get a drop of her abundant milk as it flowed from her breast. She put her finger out to him, but he shook his head. 
Stammering, he asked, “Can I suck on the other one?” pointing to the breast that Gretchen wasn’t nursing on.
Marianne was confused; they hadn’t slept together for months. Why this now? But she didn’t think it would hurt anything, so she uncovered her breast. He looked over at his daughter nursing away. He closed his eyes like he used to when they made love, and latched on to her nipple. Appalled, Marianne was getting a little nervous but didn’t know how to stop him, so she was relieved when Gretchen started crying; it was time to switch breasts.
Jacob pulled away from his wife, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. Marianne reached for a washcloth to wipe her nipple off, before she put Gretchen to that breast. She noticed that her husband had an erection when he walked away from her. 
The next day, a close friend from her working days came to Dearborn to see the baby and bring gifts. Preparing to nurse Gretchen, Marianne introduced the topic of breast feeding, and in turn, men who wanted to do it.
“I’ve read breastfeeding husbands are not unheard of,” the friend replied. “Why? Does Jacob want to do it? Wow, that surprises the heck out of me.”
“No, not Jacob,” Marianne quickly added. “My roommate in the hospital had said her husband did it with their first baby and wanted to do it again. I was shocked.”
In order to keep the peace, Marianne continued to allow him to do this. It would be a scene they would repeat again and again over the next months; Gretchen would nurse on one breast and Jacob on the other. Marianne was sure he would go to masturbate after she allowed him access, and wondered why she didn’t confront him about it. 
Then liked sleeping alone, liked being celibate. There were too many positive things about them not having sex to risk starting it up again. So she tolerated his bizarre behavior, as creepy as it was.
Jacob was as involved in the care of his daughter as he could be, changing diapers, bathing her; he played with her as though she were a doll. Marianne noticed an effeminate side of her husband that she had never seen before, not because of his interest in Gretchen, but in how he went about it. When Jacob dressed Gretchen, he always put ruffles on her, patent leather Mary Janes, ribbons in her hair. 
Also, he loved shopping for her; they went to the mall baby stores at least once a week, and came home with bags of dresses and shoes. He talked to her like a woman would talk to an infant, baby talk, with his voice high pitched, oblivious to anyone around, and Marianne would cringe with embarrassment when he would talk baby talk in public.
As Gretchen got older, Jacob became even more devoted to her. It was hard to understand because in contrast, he wasn’t possessive, didn’t mind that she had friends or eventually boyfriends. 
Super-protective about her, he got her the safest car money could buy, making sure it was in perfect order. He would say, “The care of the horse is in the hands of the rider, but safety is in the hands of God,” when his wife worried about her driving. 
Marianne was perplexed at his sudden ability to quote the Bible, something he’d never done before. He’d worked split shifts so that he could be there for her feedings when she was an infant. When she started school, he arranged his schedule so he could be home when Gretchen was home. Then he took an early retirement, when working during the summer while she was out of school became intolerable to him.
Gretchen was devoted to her father, too. They talked for months during her senior year about what she would do after graduation. Going away to school was out of the question; neither of them would tolerate the separation. 
It concerned Marianne because her daughter was unable to make the simplest decision without conferring with Jacob. She wanted her daughter to have every opportunity, and going to college was right up there in importance. But she didn’t dare mention it. Neither would stand for her intrusion, because Gretchen had become as dependent on her father as he was on her.
After graduation, Gretchen got the job at the bank. It was perfect. It was close to home so she could walk to work if the roads were too snowy to drive. They would train her for the job, so there was no need to go away to school. Henry Ford College was practically in their backyard, she could take classes in the evenings if she wanted to.
For a short time, Gretchen tried living in a girlfriend’s apartment on Military Road. She thought it would be a good segue into eventually moving out on her own. She didn’t really want to leave her parents’ house, but listening to her friends and coworkers yammer on and on about how important her independence was, she jumped at the chance when her friend offered. 
The apartment was great, in an old building with high ceilings and a fireplace. Her bedroom looked out on the Rouge River and beyond, into the woods. But it was much further from work. It didn’t have air conditioning, and during August she thought she would die at night, unable to fall asleep and then waking up hot and miserable in the morning once she finally did.
The coup de grace was when her friend’s boyfriend would spend the night. It wasn’t the sex noise that was the worst, although that was bad enough. He was a slob. He cooked messy foods and left the kitchen a wreck, didn’t flush and left the toilet seat up, and the final straw, he took Gretchen’s Sunday Free Press and read it, leaving it in pieces all over the living room.
Not one to complain, she was proactive and called her father that afternoon to ask if she could come home. The only stipulation from him was that she’d adhere to her former curfew. 
It wasn’t a problem. She rarely went out when she lived away from home, and didn’t see how having to be home by eleven would change her life much at all. When Gretchen was back in the house, she and Jacob became even closer. Marianne had a few concerns, but she stifled them, telling herself she was jealous of her own daughter because of her relationship with Jacob.
Then Gretchen met Mike Ahmed. He came into the bank and went to her window. Later he told her that he saw her at a local bar with friends one night, and admitted to following her home. He went back the next morning so he could follow her to work. Gretchen didn’t think there was anything wrong with it, no alarm bells went off. She was flattered that he cared enough about her to find out the details of her life. 
The first time she saw him, he was in the line that led to her window. He walked up when it was his turn.
“Hi, I’m Mike. I know this is strange, but I’ve wanted to meet you and didn’t know how else to do it. I’m hoping you’ll have coffee with me sometime, like today. What do you think?” Mike was tall and muscular, and Gretchen felt an instant attraction to him. She looked up to see her manager watching their interaction.
“We are being observed. Meet me at noon.” Then she flashed a big smile and said loudly, “Sorry I can’t help you!” 
He turned and walked out, but not before catching the manager looking his way with intensity. Mr. Friedland walked over to Gretchen’s booth as soon as the young man was gone. He waited as she completed transaction after transaction, finally finishing and turning to him. She decided to take the lead.
“Well that was a little strange! That young man wanted to open a savings account with no money,” she said. Eyebrows lowered, Mr. Friedland motioned for Gretchen to follow him away from her window.
“If he comes in again, get my attention, okay? He looks like trouble.” 
Gretchen nodded okay. In the meantime, lunchtime couldn’t come around fast enough. She would meet Mike at the coffee shop, but they obviously couldn’t stay there. The thrill of sneaking around made the relationship seem more exciting than it should have from the start. 
It turned out that Mike Ahmed was a little odd. Claiming to work for Ford as an engineer, he rarely worked, showing up at the bank to take her to lunch every day. If she had a weekday off, he was available. Gretchen chose not to confront him about his free time. There was a reason he was keeping his life private, and that was okay with her because of his charm. 
After that first coffee, they walked around the corner to Taco Bell. They sat for her allotted half hour and told each other their stories. Mike’s weren’t true, but Gretchen didn’t know it then. His lies made his life sound normal, almost boring.
She wasn’t nervous about introducing him to her family, although her father might scoff a little at him being Lebanese. The boys she brought home were always treated with respect by her parents, but there had been nothing for them to complain about because she’d limited her involvement to the white, Anglo-Saxon Protestant group. 
Jacob swore he didn’t care about Mike being Arab. He was just too old for Gretchen. They were sitting around the kitchen table on a weekend morning, drinking coffee and reading the paper.
“Honey,” he simpered, “he’s at least ten years older than you are.” Gretchen looked surprised. She hadn’t thought to ask Mike’s age.
“Dad, are you sure? He doesn’t seem that old!” Marianne turned her back. Oh Lord, my daughter. How can she be so naïve? In a rare move of support for her husband, Marianne Parker spoke up.
“Gretch, Dad’s right. He’s too old for you. We just don’t want you to waste your time with him if he’s too old to have the life you want someday. Are you in love with him? We don’t even have to have this conversation if you aren’t.” Jacob turned red in the face, but said nothing. Gretchen laughed: her light, sweet laughter at odds with the mood in the room.
“Heck no! I’m not in love with him, I promise you. He amuses me. Plus, he is so handsome. He is old fashioned, too. Nothing but respectful!” She got up to refill her coffee cup. “I’m not ready to leave home, if that’s what you two are worried about. I like it here. I love my room; I love the security of being here. I don’t think twenty-six is that old to be at home.” She took her coffee up to her room. “I have to make some calls,” she hollered as she went up the steps. Jacob glared at his wife.
“You must have a death wish. Why’d you put words in my mouth?” Marianne knew that no matter what she said, he’d get angry with her.
“Whether you like it or not, I’m her parent, too. I carried her for nine months. I gave birth to her. I nursed her for a year.” 
This she said glaring back at him. Say something about that, why don’t you, she thought to herself, remembering the supplemental bottles she prepared because her perverted husband insisted on nursing along with his baby and drinking milk meant for her. He made a show of reading the paper, worried that his wife would bring it up with Gretchen in the house. They never fought while she was around.
“Right, you are her parent, too. Think of a way we can get her to stop seeing that grease ball, will you please? Make yourself useful. And while you’re at it, I’m ready for breakfast.” 
Marianne got up and started pulling things out of the refrigerator. As much as she hated to admit it, she liked taking care of her family, cooking and cleaning for them. She wasn’t about to let Jacob’s mean streak steal her joy. He could go straight to hell.
Chapter 13

Albert Wong left Detroit and headed for Dearborn. Mike Ahmed lived a block from the city limits. Albert knew the area well; his grandmother lived off Tireman and Grand River. He would stop in and see her on his way home. 
Talking to suspects didn’t faze Albert. He rarely thought of the conversation about to take place when he was going to an interview and, unlike Jill, didn’t need any preparation. 
The windows were down in his car and the radio was on full blast. The Supremes were singing Where Did Our Love Go? His thick black hair, pulled back into a tight ponytail, flew in the wind. He loved Detroit, and was never happier than when he tooled around town in his unmarked car. 
When he was with friends and family who moved west, some time was always spent defending why he stayed in town. He loved being close to the water, the grittiness of the city, the huge mansions that were slowly being reclaimed. He loved the Eastern Market, Greektown, the Wayne State campus. His dream of buying a vacation home on the west side of the state didn’t mean he didn’t love the city.
The people were also a big draw. Detroit had a mix of ethnicities that made its vibrancy palpable. You could get any kind of food at any time of the day or night. A big complaint was that there were no grocery stores. Who needed them? You could get a hot, home-cooked breakfast for two dollars at almost any corner store, hot soup and bread or a hot dog with sauerkraut from a street vendor for lunch, or delicious dinners at restaurants all over town. 
However, Albert was in a relationship with no children. The city was full of single parents raising children on the lowest incomes in the county. A discount grocery store might mean the difference between a meal and hunger.
He pulled off Interstate 94. The area was a no-man’s land of cracked concrete parking lots surrounding vacant factories and retail stores, burned out gas stations, and abandoned cars. It never recovered from the ‘67 riots. 
As he drove toward Dearborn city limits, the terrain abruptly changed. Here the houses were well maintained, even spiffy. Mike Ahmed lived in a lovely brick three-story pre-war, with a landscaped front yard and perfectly manicured gardens. It may have been the manor house for the area before the housing boom of the 1920s, shortly after Henry Ford rolled the first Model T off the assembly line. 
Now, hundred-year-old homes, mostly two-story timber structures, lined up along the street with barely room for the average sized car to get between them. Albert pulled up in front of the house and radioed in to the precinct that he’d arrived. Within seconds, a Dearborn Police squad car pulled up behind him as a courtesy. The uniformed patrol officer, Aaron Barry, wouldn’t go inside with Albert unless asked, but would be there in case he was needed. Albert didn’t mind the company, and invited the young man to join him. Albert filled Officer Barry in with the details about the Gretchen Parker murder.
“We know all about it. Jacob Parker is retired from the Dearborn force,” 
Aaron explained. Albert jotted down yet another piece of surprising news. So Jacob was an ex-cop.
“This is simple questioning today, to determine what he knows about the victim.”
Albert grabbed his recorder and notebook out of the back seat of his cruiser, and followed the officer up the steps. He was completely comfortable deferring to Patrolman Barry. He even stayed slightly behind the young man, allowing him to knock on the door and take command. Albert was mulling over the latest information that Jacob Parker had been a Dearborn cop. He wondered why Parker hadn’t been forthcoming about that. He got out his phone and sent a text to Jill. She already had it in her head that the father was somehow a key player in all of this, something he hadn’t picked up on. But he’d learned long ago to always, always follow her lead. 
Albert was ready to leave a business card, when Mike Ahmed finally answered the door. He looked disheveled, having gotten up from bed just moments before. Trying to hide his surprise at seeing the cop at his door, he grabbed a tissue from a box on a table behind him and started blowing his nose.
“What’s going on? What can I do for you?” he said. 
Then he saw Albert, and anxiety washed over Mike’s face. Aaron Barry moved to the side to allow Albert to come forward. He took his badge out and pushed it toward the door, as friendly and non-threatening as possible.
“Mr. Ahmed? I’m Detective Wong from Detroit Homicide. This is Patrolman Barry from the Dearborn Police Department.” Mike Ahmed nodded at Patrolman Barry again. Albert thought there may have been recognition between them. “We’re here to see if you can provide any information about the murder of Gretchen Parker.” 
Albert gauged the reaction to that news, and Mike Ahmed was definitely surprised. Although the media had broadcast that a body of a young woman from Dearborn was found in the city, her name had yet to be released. Unless someone had called him, like the Parkers, he couldn’t know she was dead unless he was involved in some way.
 “Can we come in?”
“Do I need a lawyer?” Mike Ahmed asked. Albert thought, He didn’t just say that, did he? The patrolman looked at Albert.
“No, no, not at all. We have a few questions to ask you about your knowledge of Miss Parker and your whereabouts since Friday.” 
He didn’t add, let’s see if we have reason to take you downtown. Mike Ahmed reluctantly opened the door to the two policemen. He looked around his neighborhood to see if anyone was watching. He was sure he saw blinds move; curtains pushed aside just a touch. The neighborhood was filled with busybodies and tattletales. 
After Jacob Parker’s temper tantrum on his porch two days ago, there was a lot of interest in what was going on at Mike Ahmed’s house. It was possible that someone would say something to the wrong person, and his mother and father would find out. 
He closed the door after the cops entered his house, his bowels rumbling. He prayed he wouldn’t have to excuse himself to go to the bathroom. The men stood in the middle of the living room, waiting. Mike seemed unsure of what to do.
“Can we sit in there?” Albert asked, pointing to the dining room table. 
The house was neat but practically empty. There was a long, modern couch and a television in the living room and a huge dining table, ornately carved, with eight high backed chairs around it. There was a heavy lace tablecloth covered in plastic. It looked like Mike Ahmed used the dining table as a sort of office. There was mail in several stacks, and a laptop computer on the surface at the far end. He nodded his head to the request, pointing to the unused end of the table.
“I would have cleaned up if I knew company was coming,” Mike Ahmed said with sarcasm. “Isn’t it normal to notify someone of a visit?”
“We didn’t think you would be home,” Albert said. “Gretchen’s mother and father told us you were an engineer at Ford and I thought you would be at work. I was just going to leave my calling card. Are you ill? Or is this a regular day off for you?” Albert got out his notepad and turned the recorder on. “Do you mind if I record our talk?” he asked. Mike seemed confused for a moment, and then recognition crossed over his face; he’d been caught.
“No, I’m not ill and yes, you can record.” 
He thought fast, and decided the best thing to do was come clean right away about his work situation; they would surely be checking up on him, and it was best not to lie about stupid stuff. 
“I don’t work for Ford. It was a lie I told Gretchen.” 
Stick to the facts, he reminded himself. Albert didn’t say anything, he was intently writing in his little notebook. He drew a picture of a dove first, and then a cat. He watched Mike Ahmed out of the corner of his eye, biding his time, giving him a chance to say something else. When he didn’t add anything more, Albert began his questioning.
“Where did you meet Gretchen?” 
He watched Mike carefully again, and could see he was fabricating his story as he went along. There was something about the way he told it, sing-songing almost, that didn’t read true.
“We met at Miller’s Bar. She was sitting with her friends, and I went up to her. She gave me her phone number. That is really all there is to it.” 
Hardly, Albert thought.
“Did she introduce you to her friends?” Albert asked. 
The wheels turning in Mike Ahmed’s head were almost visible. He thought, when did she introduce me to Leah?
“Not that night,” Mike said. “Later. A few weeks later, her friend Leah met us at Dino’s. We ate and then went to a movie. The three of us did a lot together after that.”
His stomach ache got worse; had Gretchen told Leah the truth about him following her home from Miller’s? And then showing up at her job? He hoped not. 
“I have to go to the bathroom.” He stood and walked toward the back of the house. Albert and Aaron Barry sat in silence. Aaron leaned over and whispered to Albert, “He’s lying.”
“Did he recognize you from somewhere?” Albert asked.
“I’ve seen him at the mosque,” Aaron said. 
Albert lifted his eyebrows to the young cop and cocked his head. Mike returned in a few minutes, pale and sweaty. Albert noted that fact; the man was reacting to the news of Gretchen’s death, unless it was a coincidental stomach virus.
“Are you okay to continue?” he asked. Mike shook his head.
“Can we do this another time?” he responded. “I feel sick. I want to go lay down.” Albert and Aaron stood up together.
“You have my card, correct? When you feel better, give me a call,” Albert said. 
The two walked to the door and let themselves out. They didn’t speak until they got to the curb. Albert thought a prolonged conversation in front of his house with a uniform might increase Mike Ahmed’s fear.
“What do you think about making some passes tonight?” he asked Aaron. 
There was nothing more intimidating than being involved in a crime, and having a cop car go by your house every half hour.
“I would be happy to. Anything else we can do, let us know.” 
The two men shook hands. Albert had a list of people he needed to see; the friend Leah, Gretchen Parker’s co-workers, and anyone else those conversations would reveal.
But first, he wanted to go see his Nana.
Chapter 14

Alex Kazmerek kissed his girlfriend Jill goodbye as she left for work early Monday morning. “I’ll be right behind you,” he said. 
He made her coffee to go, the first of many cups she would drink during the day. It was the one thing he could do for her; make sure she had coffee and food before her day began. 
Everything else between them seemed to radiate from her. They were at her place most of the time because it was bigger than his apartment. She had the money, mainly her detective salary, but also wise investments from a loving father, which made her comfortable life one he was honored to share. 
Alex was a morgue assistant at Detroit General Hospital. His income was just enough to pay his room rent, buy a few groceries and clothes, and pay for beer.
They would never get married. He had too much baggage. They were in love with each other, but their history made no legal tie necessary to hold them together. Jill Zannos proved over and over again that she loved him unconditionally, and that almost nothing he could do would drive her away. Almost.
Although they weren’t what you would call high school sweethearts, they were constant companions. Jill wasn’t the type to go steady. Even in high school, she was driven and independent. She rubbed off on the people around her: do your best, test yourself, set the bar higher and higher. One of the things that first drew her to Alex was his desire to practice medicine. 
However, not everyone had the same discipline that Jill did. Alex was a pre-med major in college; Jill studied criminal justice. But she loved science too, and minored in biology. Having that background definitely later helped her in homicide investigations. Jill went on to get a Masters of Criminology, and Alex went to medical school. They saw each other every weekend. She was patient, helpful, and encouraging.
Alex graduated and started his residency in emergency medicine, but there was a problem; he hated to see people in pain. Unable to set up a boundary between sympathy and empathy, he suffered right along with his patients and began self-medicating. It got bad so fast they threw him out of the residency program with the promise that if he got help, they’d consider allowing him to reapply. 
Jill was devastated. Alex was relieved. He drank and drugged himself into a stupor for two years. When he pulled out of it and got some therapy, he knew he would never go back. He didn’t want to be a doctor. What he wanted to do was so obtuse that he didn’t share it with Jill for a long, long time; he wanted to paint.
His was a mediocre talent, but improved with art classes. He got a job, which provided minimal financial support, and painted when he had the free time. Saving a little money here and there, he took the classes whenever he was able. 
Then Jill found out that the pathologist was looking for a science major to help with dissections in the morgue. She gave Sam a brief synopsis of Alex’s experience without outing him too much, and he was hired sight unseen. It turned out to be perfect for him. The job was a good fit; the patients were already dead, so he didn’t have to see them suffer or worry about harming them further. He saved his imagination for his paintings, which were becoming quite good.
Despite his newfound stability, Alex still struggled with substance abuse. Jill stuck by him because she loved him, but also because he tolerated her strange, mystical personality.
Supporting her spell casting and candle lighting, Alex reminded her when the full moon was on its way so she could cleanse the crystals she used in her prayers. Never berating her and acknowledging her gifts further enamored Jill with Alex. Her aunts were mortified when Gus let it slip that Jill did white spells, even though she was taught by their mother, but he smoothed it over by saying what she did was really just prayers with props.
Jill prayed for Alex, too. He felt as though the pull to drink lessened when he was in her presence, so he took advantage of it. Since she didn’t drink more than an occasional glass of wine, there wasn’t the temptation to drink at her apartment. They didn’t enjoy the bar scene, except for one favorite place that had great pizza and wonderful music. They drank Coke when they went there. 
Rarely, when he was alone, he would tie one on. There was nothing Jill could do about it, so she ignored it. It was the unsolvable in the middle of their life together. 
Alex functioned, never missed work, didn’t see her if he was drunk, but this meant time apart. He would often lose a couple of days of creativity to a hangover, and wouldn’t paint. 
During the school year when he had the money to take a class, he would go for months without drinking. And then something would happen. He’d see something that triggered a deep and unforgiving sadness he just couldn’t deal with. He’d hold out until Friday, then go to the corner packaged goods store, and get a case of whatever was on sale. 
He’d call her first and say simply “I’ll be off the grid for a day or two,” and she would say, “Okay, I love you.” 
And that would be it until he called her when it was all over. The Greeks, her family, couldn’t condone public displays of drunkenness. But what was done in private was another matter.
When they were young, she would ask if she could help him in some way and he always allowed it. Jill bought special vitamins, lit candles, burned sage sticks around his apartment, anointed him with essential oils, gave him Reiki treatments, and fed him healthy food from her father’s deli counter. He did binge less but, like a smoker, he couldn’t throw away that last cigarette. 
After ten or twelve years of interfering, Jill finally decided to leave Alex alone about his drinking. She rationalized that he only did it a couple of times a year, and it didn’t hurt anyone but him.
They worked out a schedule that suited them. Alex’s place was tiny and in a bad neighborhood, so she rarely stayed there. And when Jill was on call, he spent the night at her apartment so that their dog Fred could be with both of them. Alex would be there to walk him if Jill was called out, which happened regularly. She and Albert shared the call responsibility with two other homicide teams. They’d have a run of murders and then nothing for weeks.
Jill was an enigma; she was compassionate to a fault, yet stupid people drove her crazy. She was impossible to manipulate, except by Alex and Fred, and maintained a steady state of mind, no matter what was happening. She didn’t flinch at the most devastating circumstances. 
Tough as she was though, the one thing Jill couldn’t tolerate even slightly was bad odor. Stinky trash, dog poop, guts; all things that caused bile to rise in her throat. Those childish forays in the gutter forgotten, she kept a small vial of menthol camphor ointment in her purse to combat the worst decomposition smells. 
But nothing else got her down. She was empowered by her intense and often horrifying job, rather than depressed by it. And Alex’s weaknesses only increased her compassion for him.
They spent the weekends together at Jill’s, unless Alex wanted to be alone. Once a month they drove out to Plymouth to see Chris at his group home. It was always emotional for Alex. Here was this innocent man, more child than adult, who loved seeing his sister Jill with such fervor that he jumped up and down, clapping his hands. 
Alex fought tears most of the visit. Jill told him that he didn’t need to go with her, but he insisted. Here was reality. It gave him a chance to exercise his over-sensitive emotional side. And it was a reminder to himself of how lucky he was. 
Jill loved Chris, and they spent the few hours in laughter, playing games, talking, and walking around the neighborhood. His houseparent was an unconventional woman who wore her blond hair in dreadlocks and had a pierced nose. The families of her residents worshipped her because she took good care of their loved ones, providing them with safety and a socialized life. 
When it was time to go, Chris never begged Jill to stay; he was happy to get back to his stable life with his arranged family. Jill left in peace. Gus always said the same thing; he was sad to go, but so happy that his son was satisfied that leaving wasn’t difficult.

Gus liked Alex. He was resigned to the fact that his only daughter would probably never leave this sad and broken man. The aunts and uncles all had plenty to say about him, from the first time they met him when they were dating in high school.
“What does your girl date that Polack for?” Aunt Maria said. “She’s so skinny that no Greek boy wants her? Why don’t you force her to find a boy from the church?” 
Aunt Maria never made a comment that wasn’t a question. That way, it wasn’t really her opinion. When Jill was a child and Aunt Maria critiqued her appearance or behavior, Jill’s mother told her to mind her own business.
“Your own brother’s daughter, and you talk about her like a dog,” Christina said.
Maria’s answer was, “What? I can’t ask after my own brother’s child?” 
So, it went for years. When Alex lost his residency, it was the first time anyone in the family acted as if they cared about him. No one criticized him, no one gossiped behind his back. They spoke in whispers around Jill, worried about her, tried to feed her. It was a testimony to the family she came from. 
They talked trash about Alex because he was Polish, but then acted like he was an accident victim when he got thrown out of his residency for being a drunk. The aunts showed up at Jill’s apartment with food for days after the news got out. 
She blamed her cousin Andy for that; he and Alex became close during college. Andy wanted to rally around Alex, get him into rehab, and make it right. 
But the truth was, and Jill knew this, that Alex was better off out of there. He was a gentle soul. 
His father was the one who wanted his son to be a doctor. The poor man was heartbroken when Alex came home in the middle of the week with his duffle bag.
“I got kicked out,” he said, when his mother asked him what the story was. “I’m an alcoholic and evidently that’s not allowed when you are learning to be a doctor.” 
But Jill knew the truth. The drunkenness was just an excuse. It was easier to admit failure due to alcoholism, than it was to tell your street-cleaning father who spent his life working overtime to put you through eight years of school, that you really wanted to be a painter. 
Once Alex had the courage to do what he wanted at the insistence of Jill, his parents stopped talking to him. So far, he’d sold one painting at a gallery on Jefferson. He had them send the check right to Mr. and Mrs. Kazmerek, and the last he heard, they had cashed it. He would pay them back eventually, and hoped they would be able to forgive him when that happened.
***
While Albert talked to Mike Ahmed and visited his nana, Jill Zannos interviewed the employees who made the blood-clot-filled drain discovery. She was treating the building like a crime scene until the DNA reports came back. The entire third floor had been taped off, security videos aimed at the hotel room from the elevator retrieved, and ten employees who had worked Sunday night brought in for interviews. 
Room three forty-six was half of a double. A married couple from Manhattan occupied the rooms; Mr. and Mrs. Eric Archer. They paid cash, had an American Express card and a New York driver’s license. The driver’s license was a fake. So that was that.
Until the lab reports came back, Jill wasn’t sure if this was even related to Gretchen Parker. Albert was convinced Mike Ahmed was involved in some way, and Jill felt certain of it. 
None of the Sunday evening employees interviewed could tell Jill anything helpful. Next, they’d interview the Friday evening employees. The list was long, and they would be talking for a couple of days. Finally, pay dirt.
The housekeeper who was assigned to the third floor Friday night saw a dark-haired man enter the room next door to three forty-six with a drunk woman over his shoulder. In this part of town with the Greektown casinos and the bars open late, it wasn’t so unusual a sight. 
The man even said to the housekeeper, “Too much to drink.” She remembered that the man trilled his R’s.
“Did he have an accent?” Jill asked. The woman nodded her head.
“He was trying to cover it up, but the R gave it away,” the woman explained.
“Did he look like a tourist, or was he local?” Jill inquired.
“I don’t know if he’s a local or not, but he’s a regular. I mean, I’ve seen him here before. They come from New York, most of them, to gamble.” 
Jill didn’t doubt that she had seen him before, but why would a New Yorker come to Detroit to gamble, when they had their own casinos now. It didn’t make any sense. Unless there’s a prostitution angle to this. She needed to get an ID on the man.
“If I bring you a picture, do you think you would recognize the man with the lady over his shoulder?” Jill looked the woman in the eyes, and saw her expression subtly change from confident to fearful.
“Maybe,” she said. “I’ve got to leave now, my babysitter doesn’t like it when I’m late.”
Jill finished interviewing the rest of the employees, but no one could tell her anything more. After she cleaned up her notes, she’d go back to the precinct to watch the video. She hoped there was an image of a man with a woman thrown over his shoulder.
Chapter 15

Nicholas Zannos came from Greece to live with his Canadian relatives. His brother, George, emigrated to Toronto and worked in a steel plant, saving money for his own grocery store. Their sister, Anne, lived in Windsor where she and her husband had a grocery. 
When Nicholas and Eleni moved to Detroit, they had two children, Nick and John, and she was pregnant with Peter. It made sense to open a grocery there as well. It wasn’t a problem to move supplies across the border back then. The Canadian family would help Nick get started by providing the stock needed, until he had the money to open his own accounts stateside. Anything fresh they needed for the deli would come from the Eastern Market. 
The Market overwhelmed Eleni. Cavernous spaces of rows of farmers with their bounty beckoned her in. The butchers were the most intriguing. The Zannoses decided that roasted lamb would be on the menu daily.
Greektown had already changed from a Greek residential community to a Greek commercial district by the time they moved in. The old neighborhood was mostly Polish and Lebanese, but the Greeks still living in the area were a tightly knit group who worshipped together, and tried to uphold their own politics. The new family was heartily welcomed.
Nick and Eleni’s grocery and deli with take-out was a new concept. It would give them an edge. As the children grew up, they worked alongside their parents, saving money for college or making plans to leave to go out on their own. 
Gus was the youngest boy. He spent his baby years riding on the hips of his older siblings. As soon as he could contribute, he was given jobs that a toddler could do. He swept floors, kept the table and chair legs of the few set up for customers to use sparkling clean, and dusted canned goods that were stacked close to the floor. He loved canned goods. He would buy a product because of its beautiful label, once he was running the store himself.
He met Christina in Sunday school. They grew up together, best friends through high school. Their friends called them “The Odd Couple”. He took after Eleni’s side of the family and was shorter than Nick, the other brothers and their father. While Gus’s hair was thin and blond, his brothers had the thick, wavy hair of the Zannoses. 
Lovely Christina was tall for a woman; not taller than Gus, but gave the illusion she was when she wore high heeled shoes. She was slender and had an athletic build. Gus’s friends teased him all the time. “How’d you get Chris?” they asked. He wondered the same thing.
Gus went to college in Philadelphia while Christina stayed in Detroit, commuting to Marygrove. She lived with her grandparents and widowed mother, and they were reluctant to let her go too far from home. Going to an all girls college was good for her. There were no distractions, and she liked the nuns. She spent her free time in the kitchen with her grandmother, learning to make Greek pastries and bake the breads she grew up eating.
One month after they graduated college, Gus and Christina got married. Nick and Eleni had a party in the apartment above the store, with all the Canadian family and Gus’s seven older brothers and sisters and their families. 
Christina was an only child; her father died when she was a baby, so Gus’s brother Nick, who was the closest friend to the couple, walked her down the aisle. 
While Gus talked shop with his father and mother, Nick took pity on the new bride and danced with her. She later said that her palms were sweating for the wrong reasons. Nick was so handsome!
She would do all the baking for the store. Christina’s specialties were wedding cookies dredged in powdered sugar, and a round New Year’s loaf of bread with a dime baked into the center. On New Year’s Day, whoever got the piece of bread with the coin received good luck for the rest of the year. Christina imagined a special paper sleeve for the bread printed with the words, ‘Caution! Contains Coins! Choking Hazard!’ but Eleni was afraid it would scare customers. They had an undeclared battle going on, the mother-in-law trying to keep her daughter-in-law from taking control. 
It had the right effect; eventually Christina stopped trying to initiate any change, losing interest after a short time and looking for something else to be enthusiastic about. The newlyweds settled into the apartment above the store, their predictable life stretching out as the lives of their ancestors had.
Chapter 16

Albert Wong returned to Dearborn to interview Gretchen Parker’s coworkers at the bank, after he saw her parents and her best friend Leah. Whenever he came into Dearborn, he was always surprised at how different it was from the city. It was so green. Beautifully landscaped lawns in modest neighborhoods spoke of pride of ownership. 
In the more affluent areas, historic homes were mixed in. He drove past a lovely cemetery, an oasis of park-like forested hills. The ancient trees stood like sentries guarding the mausoleums. Albert saw an elderly couple walking a path to gravestones. It was serene and peaceful. No traffic noise had penetrated the area. 
An eighteen-hole golf course dominated the center of the neighborhood. Gretchen Parker was raised here. The variety of styles of homes, from hundred-year-old brick colonials to modest timber Cape Cods, were unified by their lovely gardens and verdant expansive lawns. The Parkers lived in one of the smaller Capes.
In the driveway, Albert saw a bright candy-apple red Chevy Malibu; Gretchen’s car. What the hell was her car doing there? 
He got on his phone right away to Dearborn Police, discovering that they had completed a cursory exam of the car, and found nothing of importance. Albert avoided a screaming match with them; he called his commanding officer instead, who would be the one to do it. 
After a text to Jill about the car, Albert walked up to the door of Jacob and Marianne Parker’s perfect, white house, surrounded by a picket fence that was covered with late summer blooming roses. The juxtaposition of the tortured body of Gretchen Parker with this idyllic scene rang false. There was a lot going on under the surface here; Jill was correct, as usual. 
He lightly tapped on the glass door, the lace curtain covering it not hiding the silhouette of Jacob Parker watching him. Marianne Parker opened the door.
“Yes?” she asked. Albert could see she was exhausted. Her eyes were swollen almost shut, and bright red. “I didn’t think we would see you so soon.”
“Mrs. Parker, could I have a look at Gretchen’s address book? We’d like to talk to her friends. Also, did she keep a diary, or a journal?” Jacob Parker flinched slightly, Albert noted. He’s hiding something.
“Come in,” Marianne said, stepping aside. “Though I don’t know what good it will do.” 
She started crying again. Jacob Parker didn’t move. He was watching his wife, hands clenched at his sides. 
“My husband doesn’t want you to have her address book, do you dear?” She looked in Jacob’s direction. He lowered his eyebrows with a menacing look at his wife, but said nothing. “Is there something in it that can incriminate you, dear?”
Albert was shocked, but kept following her through a narrow hallway and up a steep flight of stairs. She was taking the detective to her late daughter’s bedroom. The door was closed; Marianne turned the handle and pushed it open. A whoosh of fragrant air blew out at them.
“Watch yourself, Detective Wong. The ceilings are low on this side of the house.”
 She waited for him to walk through the door. Albert wasn’t used to women’s spaces, and this room was all girl. In addition to everything being pink, lacy and ruffled, it was as neat as a pin. It looked newly painted.
“Did you recently redecorate? Everything looks so fresh and clean.” He stood in the middle of the room looking around, more uncomfortable than he could remember being in a long time.
“No. The room has been like this since Gretchen started sleeping in a bed. Her crib was in my room for two years. Jacob didn’t want her alone.”
 Marianne stood in the doorway watching Albert, proud of the room. This is what they had provided for their daughter. 
“There’s her desk in the corner. You’ll find her address book in the top drawer. If she has a journal, I don’t know about it. Feel free to search her room. There’s nothing to hide.” 
Albert walked to the desk and looked at the surface. Gretchen was obsessively neat. She had her pens and pencils in a holder, the pen tips down and the pencils all sharpened with leads up. He opened the top drawer and saw stamps and envelopes in neat piles, unpaid bills with envelopes paper-clipped to the bills. He pulled the drawer out further, and found the address book and several pads of stationery. He held the address book up.
“May I take this? I’ll return it to you as soon as I copy it.” He waited until she nodded her head, and slipped it into his inside jacket pocket. “Do you mind if I look in her closet?” 
Marianne hesitated for a second or two, but then nodded her head. She said she and Jacob had never searched through Gretchen’s belongings out of respect for her. They didn’t have any reason to, either, because, “She was about as perfect a daughter as you could get.” As Albert started to move boxes and clothing around in the closet, Marianne continued talking. She spoke as though she were reciting a story, not really telling it to Albert.
“Gretchen is our only child. Jacob and I didn’t meet until I was thirty-five. We didn’t think we could even have children; Jacob is ten years older than I am. We didn’t have that kind of marriage anyway. It didn’t seem necessary to be together. Do you understand what I am saying?” 
She waited for Albert to poke his head out of the closet and acknowledge what she was telling him. He was getting ready to get the hell out of there, and this was the perfect segue.
“So, Gretchen was a wonderful surprise,” Albert offered, walking backwards toward the door. “You were meant to have her. Thank you for the address book. I better get moving. I am sorry for having put you through anymore sadness by going through Gretchen’s desk.” 
Albert kept the stream of conversation up until he was out of the door. He walked backwards, talking to Marianne all the way down the steps and pathway to his car. Marianne liked this young man. She trusted him.
Albert Wong was barely able to control himself. He pulled away from the Parkers’ house, and drove two blocks until he found a private place to stop his unmarked car and call Jill, his stomach tied in knots, hands shaking as he keyed in her number on his cell phone. And he had almost blown it. She answered on the first ring.
“Where the hell are you?” she asked. “I’ve got a few exciting things to tell you!”
“Guess what I found in Gretchen Parker’s closet?” Albert Wong asked, purposely cagey, making her answer him.
“What? Come on, Al, we don’t have all day here,” she said impatiently.
“You’ll never guess! I am still shaking!” Albert giggled, almost peeing himself. “A video camera! A hidden video camera, aimed at her bathroom door.”
Chapter 17

Jill returned to the precinct, and took the additional security tapes from the hotel directly to the technical room. It didn’t take her long to figure out that the body thrown over a man’s shoulder was Gretchen Parker. She was wearing the clothes Marianne Parker described, and her hair matched. Jill had seen her body nude; this looked like the same person. She had yet to get an ID on the man, however.
Her next move was to go to a computer and find Mike Ahmed’s license photo on the Secretary of State site. When it came up on the screen, the impact was instantaneous; her heart started racing. It was the guy in the hotel video. The body thrown across his shoulders was Gretchen Parker, and the man was Mike Ahmed. 
It was too good to be true. He must have been faking his accent, trilling his R’s when he spoke to the housekeeper. Now she should be able to get a positive ID on him from the hotel desk clerk and the housekeeper. 
She also needed to find out who the people were who got the room in the first place. Once she accomplished that, they would have the evidence they needed to pick him up for questioning.
She went back to the security tapes. The next activity on it was of a balding man in a suit, at the door of the same room Mike Ahmed took Gretchen. While she was watching, Jill had the thought run through her head that these people, possibly involved in a murder, had exposed their faces to video cameras all over the city. 
Suddenly on the screen, the door opened and a beautiful young woman walked out on the arm of the balding suited man. It was Gretchen. She was teetering on unsteady feet; was it the stilettos? Or was she still in the same shape that forced her to ride through the hallways of a Greektown hotel over the shoulder of Mike Ahmed?
Jill watched Gretchen walk toward the elevator, her dress gorgeous, sparkling with something metallic, her hair tumbling over her shoulders. They were headed toward the casino, Jill was willing to take bets.
She watched two days’ worth of motion-detected video camera footage, compressed into an hour. Gretchen didn’t return to the room. Jill now had a dead girl, a bucket of blood clots, and a lying suspect to connect in some way. 
She stood up slowly and stretched her arms above her head, her back stiff from sitting in the same position for too long. When Albert returned, the two would compile the facts they had gathered. 
In the meantime, she would send someone back to the hotel with Mike Ahmed’s driver’s license photo, and see if anyone recognized him. She checked her notes from Albert; the improper car processing made her angry, but the closet findings were worse. She’d thought there was something not right about the father. 
For now, she would stick to facts and use her intuition only to guide her. Jill’s emotions were running strong, and she had learned not to trust without examination long ago.
***
Albert made time to visit his grandmother in the morning between interviews. He grew up in this neighborhood; ethnically diverse, urban, and poor. Her house was a small-detached cottage, sided with fake stone. Albert remembered the story of the siding well; a Greek guy who did home improvements had come door to door and sold everyone but Nana Wong aluminum siding, she got the fake stone from him. The siding fell off the other houses, but fifty years later the stone was still intact. 
He’d told the story to Jill, and she thought the salesman might have been a distant cousin of hers. The flower boxes under the front windows held plastic flower arrangements Nana Wong dug from the neighborhood funeral home trash. 
The small lawn was easy for Nana to keep as neat as a pin, in contrast to the trash-strewn yards of her new neighbors. A young, single mother with at least two children headed every other household. Nana Wong tried to be available for her neighbors, unless she was at her senior center or entertaining her boyfriend. 
When she first came to Detroit, it was to a vibrant Chinese community not far from Greektown where Albert now worked. Bad planning by the city put freeways directly through several ethnic communities, including Chinatown. With nowhere else to go, Albert’s grandparents moved to Tireman Road.
Albert parked his car down at the end of the street, and walked up the block to her house, along the way teasing and talking to the kids playing on the sidewalks in the end of summer heat. It was a real family neighborhood. Nana Wong, dressed in her usual stretch pants and sleeveless shirt, stood in the door, looking at her grandson with pride.
“How’d you know I was coming?” he asked her, confused.
“A little bird told me,” she responded. “It asked, ‘Why would an unmarked police car park at the end of your street?’” 
She opened the door for him, taking him in one arm for a hug. Albert could smell Fabuloso, the strong cleaning solution Nana Wong used to compulsively clean her house.
“What are you doing so far from home?” she asked.
“Did you hear about the young girl found on Cass?” He didn’t wait for her response, whispering, “She’s from Dearborn.” 
He nodded his head and she raised her eyebrows, with their perfectly applied lines of dark brown eyebrow pencil. Blue eye shadow and false eyelashes were a perfect complement to Nana Wong’s youthful complexion.
“Those suburban people liked to come into Detroit to die, and then give the city a bad name,” Nana Wong said. 
Grandmother and grandson went to the kitchen to sit and drink coffee together. Nana Wong had high cholesterol, so she no longer cooked breakfast for him; eggs, bacon, waffles, and syrup. But if he was starving, she would make little packets of plain oatmeal. Eating together was a comfort for the both of them.
Whenever he was able, he accomplished this simple act of visiting his grandmother. His parents were in Florida; his sister lived in Manhattan, and his grandfather left Nana six years ago to move in with a Polish lady near Eight Mile Road. 
Albert and Nana were close. He and his partner Roger took Nana Wong to have sushi on Friday night every week, and they all bowled in the same league. He picked her up on his way home from work on Tuesday, or she took the bus to their place, and Roger made them dinner; Italian which was his specialty, unless they had Chinese, Nana Wong’s favorite.
They went on cruises to the Virgin Islands and took Nana along. She came with them to Hawaii and New Orleans. Every October, she rented a small cottage on Goshorn Lake on the west side of the state, and Roger and Albert went to see her and enjoy beautiful weather, the changing leaf colors, and wonderful restaurants. They rented rooms at The Dunes, a gay-friendly resort in nearby Douglas. Jill’s Aunt Maria lived in Saugatuck, a neighboring art colony, and she welcomed them at her home, too. 
They were planning to retire there as soon as Roger turned fifty-five, having been a social worker with the state for almost thirty years. While the interest rates were low, they’d look for a place to buy in the area. Albert had never been happier. He had a great life.

When Albert left Nana Wong’s, he drove the eight or so miles to Telegraph in Dearborn. He was going to visit the bank where Gretchen had been a teller since she was out of high school, because daddy didn’t want her to go to college and out of his realm of influence. 
The bank manager waited for Albert. He’d dug through months of security tapes, to show one special moment in Gretchen’s career to Detective Wong. It was of Mike Ahmed, as he approached Gretchen’s window on that first fateful meeting. 
He’d lined up three other tellers who were confidants of Gretchen. She wore her heart on her sleeve evidently, and shared the most intimate details with the ladies, not worried about them gossiping. Her sweet naiveté would turn out to be a boon for the cop investigating her murder.
Interviewing the three women separately, Albert hoped they might remember more if they weren’t listening to each other’s stories being retold. He asked who wanted to go first. Experience told him that the person most eager to speak would be the one with the most embellishments to her story, either fabricated or imagined. The first was an odd young woman; he thought she might be in her early thirties, but she dressed like a much older person, in a two-piece dress with padded shoulders and puffy sleeves of an old-fashioned floral fabric. He hadn’t seen anything like it since his grandmother’s church clothes from the ‘nineties. Her makeup was colorful, too. She had perfectly applied frosted blue eyelids, accented with dark purple highlights, and clear, plum colored lipstick. He actually liked it. Her hair was up to date, and she wore great shoes. Her habitus was off, somehow. Albert thought maybe she had recently had a major weight loss and hadn’t grown into her body yet, wearing her skinny clothes from another era.
The manager had offered an unused room for the interviews. Albert invited Miss Julie King to come in. She was friendly and confident.
“Thank you for offering to help us, Ms. King. Have a seat.” Albert pointed to a chair, and sat down next to her. She pulled a tissue out of her jacket pocket and patted under her eyes, trying to avoid messing up her eye makeup. “I’d like to record this, if it is okay with you.” 
She nodded her head and, with no prompting on his part at all, started talking.
“I feel so bad about Gretchen! It just doesn’t make any sense.” 
She blew her nose, and threw the tissue into the wastepaper basket.
 “She was so excited about Friday night. Mike, that’s her boyfriend’s name, was taking her to meet up with a model scout from New York. He was picking her up at Blazo’s and they would drive to Fairlane together. The woman had a room there. I assume it was a woman. They were going to take some pictures because Gretchen didn’t have a portfolio.” 
Ms. King burst into tears again. “I thought it sounded fishy, but the other girls said I was jealous. I couldn’t be jealous of Gretchen! I swear it wasn’t that. I didn’t trust that creep, let me tell you. He was a liar. In the first place, my boyfriend works at Ford and there is no way an engineer in this financial climate is going to get the time off he got.
“Every day, he came to take her to lunch. He tried to talk her into calling out sick all the time.” She pulled out another tissue. “Gretchen was too honest to pretend to be sick.”
Albert didn’t have to doodle this time; he couldn’t believe his ears.
“When did Gretchen tell you about her plans for Friday night?” he asked, thinking about the security tapes they would need to get from the Fairlane, which would clearly show Gretchen and Mike walking to a hotel room together.
“She talked about it all week. I can’t remember exactly when she first told me that he knew someone in the modeling industry. He told her that’s what attracted her to him; he knew she would be perfect for this friend of his.”
“Did she say what the friend’s name was?” 
Albert forced himself to ask as few questions as possible. He held his breath with each new revelation Ms. King would make.
“It was weird. An Egyptian sounding name,” Ms. King said, “like Sue Odd.” 
Albert knew that name; Soud Allahem was a well-known madame in New York who ran a legit escort service in Detroit as a front. Albert was crestfallen. Had young Gretchen Parker fallen victim to that lowlife con artist? He felt sick. 
He said nothing about the name to Ms. King, however. He had her words on the recording. That would be enough. He let her ramble on for another five minutes before he ended the interview.
The other two women both said about the same things Ms. King said, adding tidbits about places Mike took Gretchen, and their observations of the relationship and the man. No one liked Mike Ahmed. 
Albert left the bank, and headed to Dearborn Heights. He was slowly developing a profile of Gretchen Parker. She appeared to be a person with little common sense, who’d been sheltered by her father and led to believe that there was little danger in the world.
Albert found Leah, Gretchen’s friend, at her job as a nurse at the nicest nursing home he’d ever seen. The front entrance was full of potted plants and a small water fountain. Waiting for Leah, Albert looked around at the facility. Nicely dressed elderly men and women sat in a large glassed-in conservatory. There was a uniformed waitress serving coffee to a group at one table. Albert thought of his grandmother, imagining her sitting in this fancy place. He’d work extra hard to make it possible if she wanted it. He felt ashamed that she was living in the ‘hood in that tiny shack. 
Leah walked toward him, and he gratefully put those thoughts aside. Dressed in a navy business suit, she surprised Albert, who thought she would be in a nurse’s uniform. She stretched her hand out to shake his.
“Come with me, Detective Wong. We can talk in my office.” 
He walked alongside her toward the back of the building. They entered through a door that had the sign Director of Nursing on it. She seemed a little young to have a job with so much responsibility. She pointed to a chair in front of her desk. “Have a seat,” she said.
“Wow, I’m impressed,” he said to her, pointing to her door. “And I’m not easily impressed.” She shut the door behind him.
“Don’t be,” she answered. “Getting here was taking the path of least resistance. I was hired in as a staff nurse, right out of nursing school five years ago. When the then-director left without giving notice, I was slipped into the position; they can’t go without a director, state law and all that. I knew the place inside out, and took over with a little help from the owner. 
“It has worked out well for me. I got a big raise and, except for employees who feel entitlement, it isn’t a difficult job.
“So, Detective Wong. You are going to find out who killed my best friend, is that correct?” 
Without warning, Leah put her head down in her hands and started to weep. She didn’t apologize to him for the show of emotion. She didn’t ask him to come there, he was on her turf, and he could just deal with it. 
She stopped as abruptly as she started. “I am not sure how her death is going to finally become a reality for me. I go to the phone to call her at least five times a day, and then I remember: she’s gone. She was the love of my life.” 
Albert didn’t know what to make of that. Gretchen wasn’t a lesbian, as far as he knew. He waited for a minute, and then asked her if she could tell him anything about Gretchen’s relationship with Mike Ahmed.
“How much time do you have?” she asked. “He was a snake. I’m not a racist either. My last name is Hachem, in case you didn’t notice. My father is Syrian. No, it doesn’t have anything to do with him being Lebanese. 
“Gretchen told me that he had been after her for the past month to go to his cousin the gynecologist to prove she was a virgin. She was twenty-six and still a virgin. I bet her father didn’t tell you that, did he? Mike told her that it was important that she was untouched, so that they could one day be married. I was certain that his cousin was no gynecologist and, after having screaming hysterics, was able to convince her that she shouldn’t go, that Mike was not to be trusted. There isn’t anything in our culture that would require a gyn visit prior to marriage, okay? I guess he thought I was a dumbass, too.
“Did you know he was trying to get her to pose for a photographer? A friend of his was supposedly this big New York agent, and Mike convinced Gretchen she would make a fortune modeling for her agency. Gretchen was five feet, three inches. Who was she going to model for? 
“No, he was setting her up for something, I’m sure of it. She stopped confiding in me after I had the fit about the gyn guy. I could tell she was holding back. I’ll never forgive myself for criticizing her like that. It put a huge wedge in between us.” Leah started to cry again.
“You have put some important puzzle pieces in their place, Leah. You’ve been very helpful.” Albert waited for a minute until she recovered, before he asked another question. “Do you recall Gretchen telling you anything about what she was going to do last Friday, or this past weekend?”
“She was being evasive when we talked in the morning. I wanted to see her after work for a drink. We used to meet at Miller’s on Michigan Avenue. It was sort of our hangout place. You could go there any time of the day or night, and be comfortable. She and I had dinner there at least one night a week. 
“Then I had the feeling that Mike didn’t want her to see me anymore. That he was jealous of me. That’s so common; some control freak boyfriend comes in and vetoes all the girlfriends. 
“She was already isolated. Her father saw to that. Don’t let that creep kid you – he hated everyone who came into contact with his daughter. She spent much of her life fighting him off. I wish I had proof. She didn’t go on and on about it. But when we were kids, she mentioned it. He had come into her bedroom at night, and got in bed with her. She used the expression lovey dovey. He ‘tried to get lovey dovey’ with her. When I asked her if she let him, she said no. ‘No way! That’s gross!’ She said she told her mother, who then blew a gasket. Her parents didn’t sleep together, so Gretchen had to tell her about the creep getting into bed with her. The mother had no idea what he was up to at night. If Gretchen had been less confident, she may have succumbed to him.
“She loved her father, don’t get me wrong. He was her champion, as long as she did what he wanted. In a fantasy world, who knew what was possible in his mind? Oh God, it makes me furious just thinking about it.” 
She turned slightly in her chair to look out the window. The landscaping around the building was fabulous, the setting on a creek surrounded by rolling forest. It was a last stop for the wealthy and privileged. 
“My grandparents are in a Medicare nursing home,” she said. “Life isn’t fair, Detective Wong. I guess I don’t have to tell you that.” 
She reached out her hand to shake his, dismissing him. But he had one more question to ask.
“Do you think Gretchen Parker agreed with your opinion of Mike Ahmed? Did she have doubts about him? Or did she trust him, as she trusted her father?” 
This was important to know, because he had to find whether she went willingly or was coerced. Leah Hachem didn’t understand why it would make a difference. The snake was either guilty or not. She thought about it for a few seconds.
“She may have had doubts. It was why she didn’t talk to me about it anymore. She couldn’t fully defend him unless she believed in him.” 
Albert Wong nodded his head in agreement with her. A young woman lost her life, because she willingly went with someone who couldn’t be trusted. It was clear now that Mike Ahmed had something to do with it, either through luring Gretchen into a death trap, or by placing her there.
Leah Hachem walked Albert to his car, reminiscing about growing up with Gretchen, but not telling him everything. The nights they fell asleep in each other’s arms when they were young filled her heart. She waved goodbye to him, quickly turning away so he wouldn’t see she was weeping again.
Albert needed to get back to the precinct to fill Jill in on all of this new information. Jill would have information he needed to hear as well. They would spend the next several hours catching up on what the other had gleaned for the day. It was one of the few enjoyable things about his job. Spending time with his intelligent and interesting partner, and seeing events through her eyes, made the horror and grisliness of murder and death tolerable.
***
Mike Ahmed woke up in a sweat. The sun was streaming through the dirty window of the back bedroom of his house. For months, he meant to get a bottle of window cleaner every time he went to the store, and then he would forget. And every day he would wake and see the grime. 
His head ached. Swinging his legs over the side of the bed, sorry that he had wasted the day sleeping. He’d pay for it later. The visit by that Chink cop started everything off on the wrong foot. How’d they get his address? That Parker fucker, probably.
 Soud was going to be livid when she found out that they were connecting him to Gretchen. He was less than four degrees of separation from Soud. It wouldn’t take much for even the dumbest cop to figure it out.
He’d had nothing to do with Gretchen’s death. He’d simply escorted her downtown. She came willingly. At least, to the Fairlane. 
Taking Gretchen into the city drugged wasn’t his idea, but he didn’t see how else it could be accomplished. Soud did all the dirty work; she administered the drugs, set up the clients, pulled the strings. She had a working relationship with several employees of both hotels. How else would he get by both desks with an unconscious woman thrown over his shoulder?
He had liked Gretchen. She was uncomplicated. The women in his circle were manipulators – passive aggressive, high maintenance bitches. He wasn’t smart enough to compete with them. 
Gretchen had trusted him. She asked him outright if she was safe with him. That was a tough one. He hated lying to her. Lying to make himself seem more important was okay, that was painless. But telling her that crap about modeling when he knew full well it was a ruse to get her downtown, that was hard.
It was getting more difficult to recruit women into the business. Soud took too much of their money. It wasn’t like the old days, where desperate young girls would do anything to keep a roof over their heads; a dirty apartment shared by several other working girls who had to sleep in shifts, wasn’t most women’s idea of a roof. There was nothing glamorous about it. 
Pretty girls like Gretchen were luckier; they would get regulars who paid their bills and bought their clothes. Gretchen was eye candy. She looked good on the arm of a man. Anyone would be proud to be seen with her. 
But times were changing. The problem was, fewer men with money were coming into Detroit to get hooked up.
Mike was going to have to get in touch with Soud, and he dreaded it. He should have told her that morning as soon as the cops showed up at his door. They would be looking for her before long. 
Mike didn’t know if the john she chose killed Gretchen, or if she was murdered by someone on the street. It didn’t make any difference. They were going to look at him as a suspect and if they did, he would waste no time giving them the details of Soud and her entourage. He pulled his sweat pants on, and went to the front door to get his evening paper. He gave a soft gasp; Detective Wong stood on the other side of the screen.
Chapter 18

The fragrant aroma of baking peppers drifted out onto Beaubien Street. People walking to their cars from the casino came inside to find out what it was, and left with dinner in a take-out box. By four, Gus had just enough stuffed peppers left for Jill and his regulars. Next time he’d make half as many again. 
For tonight, Gus mixed up a batch of spaghetti and meatballs to get through till closing. They were Greek-style, using mint, oregano and garlic in the meat mixture and then, in the center of each one, a little ball of feta cheese. He fried them, and then baked them in the oven.
His nephew Andy was in the back, grinding beef and lamb together for the meatballs. After cleaning the grinder he would leave for home, wanting to stop in Dearborn and see his parents before he went on to Novi. 
They loved it when he dropped in, his mother often crying out as she ran to him and patted his cheek. They would prepare coffee and serve pastries he brought with him from the restaurant next to the grocery store. Although she was Syrian, his mother acted more like a Greek than his aunts. Unlike the rest of the family, she never missed Sunday service, was active in the Daughters of Penelope, and cooked Greek food for her husband seven days a week. Big Andy took her to Greektown every Saturday morning, to see Gus and shop in his store. Once a month on Tuesday, they drove in again early in the morning to go to the Eastern Market to shop for food that couldn’t be purchased in the suburbs.
“We’re coming in tomorrow for the market. Want to go with?” Anna Zannos asked her son. “You should bring the boys with you. School will be starting soon and then we won’t see them until Christmas.” The unspoken: Your wife hates us and doesn’t want our grandchildren influenced by us.
“We’ll see, Mom. Dana may have something planned.” The unspoken: Dana and I are on the verge of divorce, and making waves with her is the last thing I need to do right now.
“Maybe next week? We can wait until next Tuesday to do our shopping, can’t we, Papa?” The unspoken: Your father is almost dead. He should see his grandchildren one last time.
“Next week might be better, Mom,” Andy said. “But don’t change your shopping day for us.” The unspoken: I would rather poke out my eyes than ask you to shop next week. Do you think I have a death wish?
“Then you’ll shop with us tomorrow?” Anna asked. The unspoken: This is what happens when you have just one child. Oh God, why are you punishing me?
“Sure, I’ll shop with you tomorrow. I need to go for the store anyway.” The unspoken: Why is God punishing me? Why didn’t they have more than one kid?
Andy hugged his silent, long-suffering father, and gave his mother a kiss goodbye. His parents were young, his father was just sixty-seven and still as virile as when he was a young man, and Anna was only sixty. She acted like they were ready to die. 
The truth was that Big Andy was itching to get on the golf course before the sun went down; they belonged to the country club just across the street from their house. He would get in a good game before dinner. Anna gave Andy the rest of the baklava to take home; she didn’t need the calories and her husband was on a strict diet for diabetes.
Andy got in his car and headed toward home. Rush hour traffic was thick, but he didn’t mind. He was happy that his children were being raised in a nice town like Novi. The schools were excellent, it was conveniently located for his commute into Detroit, shopping was great. 
But still, his wife was miserable. She wanted to move out further west toward Lansing. Her mom and dad bought a big piece of property and built their dream house on it. They offered five acres to Andy and Dana to build on. Dana let it be known whenever she could that it was selfish of her husband to insist on staying at that horrible grocery store in the ghetto, rather than getting a real job in Lansing so they could move to Stockbridge.
In addition, Andy was sure she was seeing someone. She showed all the signs. She’d lost weight, took time with her appearance, when slopping around the house in a dirty sweatshirt was good enough for five years, and he could never reach her during the day anymore. They no longer made love or spent any private time with each other, and the worst part, they fought constantly. 
He bit his tongue, not responding to her baits and her insults. It wasn’t worth hurting his little boys. So he did something that made him physically ill to think of; he hired a private investigator. And sure enough, she was having an affair with their son’s t-ball coach.
The PI met him in the city at a coffee shop on Jefferson. Andy could tell by the look in the man’s eyes that he found something awful about Dana.
“I don’t like to give bad news over the phone,” he said, when they sat down. 
He reached down into his briefcase and pulled out a file. Fortunately, the pictures it held were all of a fully dressed Dana and her scruffy lover. The PI said it didn’t look like they ever went to a hotel, preferring to have sex in the guy’s back seat, or in the public restrooms at the ball park.
 It made Andy sick. But he felt terrible about it, not because he was jealous or hurt; he would be relieved if she left him. The difficult part about being happy was being married to someone who wasn’t. And making her happy would be an act of sacrifice he knew he didn’t love her enough to make.
The grocery in Greektown was his life. He knew exactly what his grandfather had in mind when he said he wanted to do something that he could leave to his family. He wanted to support his people. Andy thought of his father, a dynamic man who had loved living in the city as much as Gus did, yet he left without a backward glance to satisfy his suburban born and raised wife. Andy didn’t love Dana that much anymore. 
And Dana hated the city in return. Anna, on the other hand, often wished that they had lived in the city. She loved going in to shop, often manipulating her husband and his brother into allowing her to stay overnight. It was a dichotomy.
Soon, he would have to make a decision. Would he simply allow fate to dictate the course of his life? Or would he take the bull by the horns and move forward? Andy would ask Dana for a divorce. He might even tell her he knew she’d been unfaithful and show her the proof. Use it as leverage. He only wanted her gone. He wanted to share custody of his kids. His job was in the city, not in Stockbridge. The children couldn’t be moved that far away from him, unless he agreed and the courts concurred. He would allow her to move if, and only if, she let him have the boys every weekend, from Friday to Sunday night, every holiday and all summer long. 
Or vice versa. Allow them to go to school in the city, and live at the grocery with him and Uncle Gus. There was a highly regarded private school not far away, so saying he would be subjecting them to the city life couldn’t be substantiated.
By the time he pulled into his driveway, his plans were made. He would ask her tonight. As he retrieved from the backseat the box of pastries he bought home for his family, he looked up and saw his mother-in-law standing in the window, pulling the curtains back looking for him. She had a tissue to her face and was sobbing while his children, crying too, were waiting for the only parent they had left.
Chapter 19

Jill felt drained. In a short time, she and Albert had made a lot of headway on the Parker homicide. Most of the evidence they uncovered was the kind of stuff that usually took longer to find. 
She didn’t know what it meant. Either they were spinning their wheels, accumulating a lot of facts that had no importance, or just the opposite. She felt in her gut that it was the kind of case that may have catastrophic consequences if she wasn’t careful. There were so many unconnected parts to it. She would have to look at the facts, and see if she could find any correlation between them.
She had an inner conflict about the father and the mother of the victim. On one hand, Jacob Parker was just creepy. It was human nature to focus on him as a suspect, because of his repugnant mannerisms and demeanor. 
When Jill was in the presence of the couple, after the initial wave of disgust directed at the father, she noted something about Marianne Parker. She was a woman who’d been pushed to the limit of her tolerance. Now Jill’s focus switched to the mother/wife. It was a stubborn thought that she would have to deal with and investigate further.
But not tonight. She knew what she was going to do. Her father had a delicious dinner waiting for her. She would eat with him, take food home to Alex if he wanted it, and after they ate, she and Alex were going out. It was a request she rarely made, but she needed to be distracted tonight. She wanted to dance. Bleu had the best DJ in town, and she wanted to go there and forget what she did for a living, forget who she was. 
Unfortunately, Alex was well known at Bleu. She hoped no females would approach him while he was with her, but she understood in that environment, finesse was underrated.
Alex wanted to eat at Gus’s after all. The food was great as usual. They helped her father lock up and after she kissed him goodbye, told him she’d see him in the morning. Alex took her hand, and they walked to her apartment.
“Are you sure you don’t mind going with me as a date?” Jill said, pulling his leg. “I mean, I don’t want to cramp your style or anything.”
“I guess I’ll be alright, this time. Don’t get angry if all my babes come around to be with me.” Alex looked down at Jill and smiled. “It’s all in their imagination, you realize that, right?”
“Whatever, Alex,” she replied, exasperated. “Let’s not get carried away, okay? I know what a hot item you are at the clubs.” 
He started laughing, and she joined in. Alex was about as self-deprecating as a man could get, while still having a little self-respect.
They talked about the case. Alex knew she was on edge about it so he changed the subject; he told her about a new painting he had started, a large landscape of the city. It was unlike anything he had done so far, having limited his work to abstracts. This would be the first time his painting was realistic. He loved Detroit, and finally had the confidence to paint something that he hoped people would recognize. It would be reminiscent of the big murals Diego Rivera painted for Ford Motor Company in the nineteen thirties, without being derivative. Jill was excited for him, and grateful that he had succeeded in getting her mind off that case.
“I’m really doing the piece for you,” he said. “A gift of thanks, for putting up with me.” He squeezed her hand.
“What are you talking about? If anyone puts up with anyone, you put up with me. I’m grateful to you, too.” They walked the rest of the way in silence, aware that they had just had a moment in their relationship. Neither Jill nor Alex was easy to be with.
Getting dressed was simple because Jill had two standard outfits; white shirts with long sleeves that she rolled up with black pants, or black tights and a black long-sleeved t-shirt. Tonight, she was mixing things up. She would wear a white shirt with black tights. She pulled her black hair into a severe ponytail like Albert’s, but she wore hers a little higher. It looked perky. Lots of eye make-up and bright ruby red lipstick, and she was ready. Alex whistled when she came out of the bedroom.
“Wow! Look at you!” He shook his head, and started laughing. “Maybe I better do something about my appearance.”
“You look fine! You’re Alex!” 
He was tall and lanky, and had the same uniforms that Jill did; white shirts with black pants, and black t-shirts with jeans. It was easy to buy several of the same things when he found clothes that fit. He didn’t care that he looked the same all the time. He also pulled his hair back into a ponytail, seemingly the hairstyle of choice downtown, but it was light brown, peppered with gray. 
They made a striking couple, and heads turned when they walked by. As they strolled down Beaubien Street toward Brush, a familiar car pulled up. Albert Wong was on his way home from work.
“Boy, you are both gorgeous. Going to Bleu?” he said.
“We are! You’re out late,” Jill said.
“I had a few things to clean off my desk. Have fun, you two.” He waved, and took off toward his apartment on Jefferson.
The couple continued down the street holding hands, at peace. As she had feared, women came up to Alex all night, and Jill went along with it, laughing with him and pretending to not mind, pretending that it didn’t bother her. 
Alex wouldn’t be able to survive without her, he needed her like he needed that weekend binge once in a while, or his paints and brushes. She occasionally allowed doubts about Alex and her relationship with him to creep into her thoughts, but tonight, she pushed them down into the recesses of her mind. They would dance until the club closed
Chapter 20

After Andy’s in-laws left, and his mother and father got the boys to sleep and went into the guest room, after Uncle Pete went back to Northville, and Andy’s friends and neighbors went home, he was finally able to think. 
His mother had taken him aside and asked him if Dana could have been involved with the coach. She’d thought that already. So it wasn’t going to be a big secret. If his mother, who thought the best of everyone, would come right out and say it, everyone else would surely be thinking it too.
When the police came to see him, he gave them copies of the PI report. But it wasn’t necessary. He had nothing to hide. He was in Detroit when the murder occurred. 
The boys had been waiting in the car for their mother when the coach pulled a gun out of his bright blue gym bag right in front of them. They saw her scream, saw her put her hands up over her face, saw her look over to the car where she had left them unattended, and then saw him pull the trigger. 
The blast “splashed her face all over the place,” his youngest son had told the police. Andy wondered if they would ever be able to sleep through the night again. He would soon know. 
The police said that Dana and the t-ball coach had been having sex in the public bathrooms, and that other parents had complained to the recreation commissioner about it. They’d been warned. The coach, a Don Johnson lookalike, was crazy, obviously, and crazy about Dana. He was jealous and possessive, and according to Dana’s friend Brenda, had been begging her to file for a divorce. Brenda claimed that Dana didn’t want a divorce; she wanted to get out of Novi and away from Don. 
She said Dana was regretful that she had ever started the affair, but that she didn’t love Andy any more. Andy was taken aback by this news. If she expected him to leave a job he loved to move to the unknown, wouldn’t it have been a little nicer to lie and pretend she loved him? Having given Andy more information than he needed, Brenda apologized, started crying, and left the house.
Andy thought of the times that he disappointed Dana. He didn’t show her the love she needed, or didn’t make love to her the way she wanted, or didn’t give her the right Christmas gift, or make enough money, or impress her friends and family. He had failed her in every way. 
The final desecration was that he hadn’t read her mind to know that she wanted him to move her to another town so she wouldn’t get murdered.
He went into the kitchen, and pulled a bottle of vodka out of the freezer. He poured two fingers full, and added a splash of something purple out of a juice box that was open on the counter. He went out on the deck, shutting the lights off first. He didn’t want his neighbors seeing him out there, just in case he smiled.
Chapter 21

No one was murdered in Detroit during the night, so Tuesday morning, Jill took her time getting up, letting Alex sleep and making her way to the grocery store for her morning coffee. She was troubled by an early morning dream that woke her out of a sound sleep, both scaring her and thrilling her. In the vision, she saw a ravishing Gretchen in her gorgeous gown, shocked, saying the word, “Daddy?” In the periphery, a bug-eyed Jacob Parker stood in a brightly colored rainbow of flashing lights. Jill sat up in bed with a start.
Gus waited for his daughter, sadness and concern on his face. He told her the shocking news about Dana, and that Andy wanted to talk to Jill about the murder. He obviously wasn’t coming to work, correct? 
“Wrong,” Gus said. He was coming that day with his kids in tow, and his mother and father. They needed to be with the family. Uncle Pete was coming without Aunt Joan, who still worked as a nurse. Uncle Nick and Aunt Paula would be there later. Aunt Sophia and Aunt Maria were coming from the west. The entire family would be together, impromptu. 
Jill was glad she had the excuse of pressing work at the precinct.
“This just doesn’t make any sense, Papa. There is more here than meets the eye.” 
She suspected that it was a romantic tryst gone awry, but didn’t burden her father with it. It didn’t make any difference why Dana was murdered. “Poor Andy.” She couldn’t imagine what he was going through, being left with two little boys.
Gus had made Jill her favorite breakfast, fried bread stuffed with sweetened cream cheese. She wondered why he made her this dish today, when it was usually saved for Sundays. It scared her. She looked at the plate, and then at her father.
“Okay, what’s going on?” she asked. 
Gus smoothed his hand over where his hair used to be. He had to let his daughter know what the talk was about before anyone got there. Jill was known for her foot-in-mouth disease as he called it, and a little preparation might help avoid family drama.
“Andy wants to move into the city with the children, and Big Andy and Anne are talking about joining him occasionally. There is more than enough room for all of us. Big Andy will be close enough to his golf buddies, and Anne can help out here and also watch the boys when they aren’t in school.” 
He paused, searching the face of his daughter for clues to her reaction. She was working at keeping her poker face on. Why wouldn’t her cousin move into his parent’s house?
“And what will my good cousin and uncle do with their respective homes? If I may ask,” Jill added. 
Feeling a little possessive of the building this old store was in, Jill knew her father paid the mortgage off himself, long after his parents died. The building was his, and she didn’t want anyone to think differently.
“They will keep their homes, at least Andy and Anne will. Andy needs to take his time deciding what to do.” Gus was lonely, and he looked forward to having a house full of people again. “It won’t change anything for us,” he said, looking at her. “You and I will still have our date every morning and every night.” 
He didn’t add right away that having the extra help would make it possible for him to expand the store a little bit. Gus’s Greek Grocery was the only grocery store nearby. It could use a little expansion. 
Jill’s immediate response was to feel possessive, but she reserved judgment until she had time to mull over what it would mean to have other people living there. Big Andy and his wife were among her favorite relatives, and she loved Andy. The children made her nervous, but she would get used to them, she hoped.
“How does all this make you feel, Papa?” she asked. “Dana just died yesterday, correct? Isn’t it a little early to be planning a big move already?”
Jill thought about what it must have been like for her father when her mother died. He had a small child to raise alone, but it was made easier by the presence of his family around them. Jill never noticed a big difference in her life after the car accident, and she thought it was because of their intervention.
She tried to imagine Andy and his children being in the apartment around the clock. Gus would always have someone with him, which would take a lot of her guilt away. Big Andy and Auntie Anna too? 
Something deep down in her heart stirred, and warmth spread through her body. She tended to prefer isolation. An unrealistic dream was to own a cabin in the north Michigan woods she would call ‘The Hermitage’. It would be solar powered, so they could live off the grid. She would get sheep and learn to spin their wool, use weeds to dye the yarn, and knit it into – something. She saw Alex wearing a wool plaid shirt, and hunting wild game. When she described this life, he looked at her in disbelief.
“I work in a morgue because I can’t stand to see living people suffer. How do you suppose I would be able to kill a defenseless animal? Besides, I don’t see you without cable TV,” Alex had said. 
He didn’t say, and unless you brought your father with us, you’d have to learn to cook, too. I don’t see that happening either.
“Well!” Jill exclaimed indignantly. “You don’t have to insult me!” 
She laughed. She did like her History and Discovery channels. Oh well, a person can dream, can’t they? 
It was a possibility, because there would be someone else to take over the grocery for Gus when he’d had enough. She gave a sigh of relief, thinking, having more family here will be a good thing. I’m glad that loneliness may no longer be an issue for my father.
Chapter 22

Albert Wong asked for a search warrant for the Parker household, as soon as he got back to the precinct. He had Marianne Parker’s consent to search Gretchen’s closet, and probable cause to seize the camera because of its evidentiary value. He hoped that it wouldn’t be missed. 
He was sure that Jacob Parker would destroy any tapes he had lying around, if he discovered the camera was gone. But it would be okay, because the one tape in the camera was enough. He felt physically ill watching it. Jacob and Gretchen had what appeared to be a consensual incestuous relationship. 
The tape began with Gretchen walking out of the bathroom with a towel around her body. Jacob was sitting on her bed, talking to her. Gretchen was smiling and laughing. She opened the towel, and flashed her father twice. He got up and, with his back to the camera shielding her from view, they embraced. Her arms reached up around her father’s neck, and the towel fell to the ground.
Albert couldn’t watch anymore. It was enough evidence. The warrant was granted and issued at midnight, so Albert asked the detective on call that night to go with him, rather than call Jill out from her night on the town. She deserved a short holiday from the case.
Albert and Detective Riley Franklin went into Dearborn, and met up with Aaron Barry and another Dearborn uniformed officer. Jacob Parker was scared enough not to be belligerent.
“I don’t know what you think you are going to find here,” Marianne said. Albert looked at Jacob.
“Do you want to tell her about the video, or should I?” Albert asked him, and Jacob went white. But he was going to play dummy.
“I don’t know what you are talking about,” he said. Albert thought he looked sincere.
“Okay, well just remember that the camera had a tape in it, Jacob,” Albert said. 
The officers neatly went through the house, and anything that looked remotely like a video tape was taken. Marianne, playing it smart, wisely kept her mouth shut. She wanted one more night in her home.
***
The previous Sunday evening, Jacob Parker had resumed his search for Gretchen with a vengeance. Marianne tried calling Gretchen’s cell phone repeatedly, but it continued going to voicemail. She left message after message.
“Oh Gretchen! Please, please, please call home! Daddy is so worried about you. Please, Gretchen, just call Mother, okay? You aren’t in any trouble. We just need to know you are okay.” She’d never seen her husband so angry. He was beyond irrational.
“I will kill her if she’s with him! Kill her!” 
He grabbed a bat, a relic from his college days that she didn’t even know he had, and left the house in a rage, with Marianne running after him. Jacob started the car, gunning the engine, and laying rubber in the driveway and on the street. 
Driving through Dearborn, speeding down Michigan Avenue, as soon as he got into East Dearborn, he parked on the street and began going into bars, looking for her. He got into a fist fight in the bar on the corner of Schafer and Greenfield, and when the owner called the police, the officer who answered the call was someone Jacob knew well. Once he calmed Jacob down, he was able to talk some sense into him and gave him the idea that he should check the casinos; isn’t that where all young people went these days? Either to Windsor, or Greektown. It had to be fate. As soon as the cop left for another call, Jacob got back into his car and pointed it toward Detroit.
***
It only took Gretchen one day to get into her new role. She’d had a complete transformation. Soud said she had never known a girl to adapt so quickly to the routine. When Gretchen left the hotel for the casino early Saturday morning, she felt like a glamour girl, a slightly drunk glamour girl that is. By the next evening, when she had bathed and Soud dressed her in another gorgeous evening gown, she felt fine. The man who was her date that night introduced himself as Tommy. At least that was what she was to call him. 
She got over her disappointment at the lackluster clientele in the slot machine area when he took her to the private gaming rooms where the high rollers played. She fit in well in that milieu. The other women were also young and exquisitely dressed. They looked at her curiously. She was new in town; “Who does she work for?” they asked each other in whispers. Gretchen was confused, having forgotten about her obligation to Soud, but she just smiled and kept her mouth shut. I work at the bank, is that what they mean?
On Sunday, Soud let her go out without being drugged. Gretchen asked her not to give her anything, she wanted to have fun with Tommy. The drugs were only to subdue any resistance a new recruit might be feeling, not to squelch their natural ability to enjoy themselves. 

Tommy was pleased with the real, animated Gretchen. She was still wearing shoes that were too big, but got used to walking in them. He promised to buy her new shoes that fit as soon as he was finished gambling. They made an odd couple: he was short, aging, and bald, and Gretchen was young, vibrant, beautiful. She was talkative on Sunday night and having a great time, and wanted Tommy to know it.
“This is the most fun I have ever had!” she exclaimed. She thought that if Mike had simply asked her if she wanted to try it out, she would have said yes. They didn’t have to drug me to go out with Tommy! He’s the sweetest guy! 
Tommy couldn’t believe his good fortune. He never had a woman who didn’t need forcing to be with him. This lovely creature was willing and eager. When Gretchen excused herself to go the ladies’ room, Tommy called Soud and praised her. Her fee would be paid in full. She didn’t waste any time clearing out of the suite. Tommy would bring Gretchen to Manhattan himself.

The ladies’ room in the casino was a bright and clean oasis in the smoky, cavernous casino. The cool splendor of the sitting area reminded Gretchen of Joan Crawford’s bathroom in the movie Mommy Dearest. She liked the idea of having a wealthy, carefree life. Was that what Tommy was offering her? He was pleasant, he smelled good, and he treated her with respect. She decided that if it came to him asking her to be his girl, she would gladly accept. Her parents would never forgive her, but she couldn’t live with them forever, could she?
As she washed her hands in the basin, she looked at her face in the mirror and smiled. Her life stretched out before her, comfortable, exciting and glamorous. She threw the paper towel in the trash can, and opened the door out to the casino. At first she was confused; it was surreal. She saw him standing there, smiling at her, his face bright red, but it couldn’t be, could it? How could it be?
“Daddy?”
Chapter 23

Jill didn’t hang around waiting for her relatives to descend from the suburbs. As bad as she felt about her cousin’s wife, she needed to get to work. She took her coffee and deep fried, cream-filled breakfast, and went to the precinct early. An exhausted looking Albert was already at his desk.
“What the hell? Did you ever get home?” she asked, surprised to see him at the office ahead of her.
“We searched Parkers house last night. You will not believe what we found. Jacob Parker is in custody.” 
Jill plopped down in her chair after putting her breakfast on the desk. She remembered her vision.
“What happened? Something worse than the video? This is amazing!” Jill said, feeling numb. 
Albert looked at her wax paper-wrapped food longingly. Jill took a plastic knife out of her drawer and cut it in two, giving him the larger piece.
“How do you stay so thin?” he asked, while biting into it, cream filling squirting out of the sides of his mouth. 
“Jacob’s not saying a thing, but that’s not surprising,” Albert continued. 
They had a lot to talk about. He told Jill about Soud Allahem; a coworker said that was who Mike Ahmed was taking Gretchen to see about a modeling job. Jill told Albert about the hotel video, and the blood clots that were a match for Gretchen. Albert talked about the video, which clearly showed Jacob and his daughter embracing intimately.
The coup de grace was the bat. None of it meant a thing until they found the bat. Jacob had thrown it behind the furnace in their basement. It was damp, as though recently washed off. CSI was called in, and a luminol test showed that it’d had blood on it at one time. 
However, the basement wasn’t the crime scene. They went over the floor with a magnifying glass and nothing came up. If Daddy did kill her, it didn’t happen in his house. Albert waited for confirmation that Gretchen’s DNA was on the bat.
“What about the hotel? Wouldn’t we have seen Jacob entering the room?” Jill asked.
“The tapes we saw are from the east end of the corridor, looking at the adjoining room. We need to find out if there is a camera at the other end of the hall,” Albert said. “We need to put pressure on the casino to hand over their tapes as well. Their security staff was bombarded last night by a bunch of students who went on a theft spree. Our guys were over there until five.” 
It was clear to them from the hotel security tapes that Gretchen leaving her hotel room in an evening gown on the arm of an older man could mean she was headed to the casino.
“I’ll go. You stay put. What time did you finish up this morning?” she asked.
“We left Dearborn about three,” Albert said. “Marianne was hysterical, screaming for us to kill Jacob. It would have been funny if it wasn’t so tragic.” He fought back a yawn. “We need to do a timeline. There is still something not gelling.”
Jill thought for a moment. It was too obvious. Gretchen didn’t have one outward mark of violence on her body except for the laceration of her vagina and the fatal gunshot wound. 
Would Jacob have used the bat on his own daughter? The tape was disturbing enough, showing the embrace of a man with his naked daughter. But that wasn’t all the tapes revealed. No sexual activity between father and daughter had been recorded. He was simply a voyeur, one who liked to hug his daughter’s body and videotape himself doing it. Unless he wasn’t aware of the tapes.
“I have a feeling Jacob didn’t place that camera in Gretchen’s closet. Do you feel it?” Jill asked. Albert thought about what she said, and nodded his head.
“Well, it’s clear we aren’t finished yet. You wait for the DNA results on the bat and I’ll search for more tapes,” Jill told Albert. 
She drank what was left of her coffee, and put her father’s mug on a shelf next to her desk. That made two mugs. Three more to go.
Jill walked to the elevator and pushed the Down button. She was dragging this morning, after little sleep. It was testimony to what bad news could do to your body. The irrelevant thought that Dana had hated her passed through her head. Jill had tried to befriend her, but Dana wasn’t interested. Andy said he thought she was jealous of Jill’s education and freedom. Jill didn’t understand it. Dana had the money to go back to school, and the time. Her kids were fabulous, too. How could she even compare my life with hers?
 Of course, she was dead, so no amount of dissatisfaction would change anything. It was too late. Now, Andy would be living in the city with his kids as he had dreamed. At least everyone there wanted to be there, she thought.
She drove to the hotel, and asked if there was a camera on the other side of the hallway from Gretchen’s room and also, on a whim, for tapes from the camera facing the street. The more complicated a case became, the more time it would take to view tapes, and interview and document. It was part of the territory. 
Once back to the precinct, she and Albert spent the rest of the morning watching video and finally there it was, bold as daylight; Marianne Parker and her husband, leading their wayward, evening gown-clad daughter back to her hotel room in Greektown. And then a half an hour later, they were leaving it, a disheveled-looking Gretchen leaning between her mother and father, wearing what appeared to be sweatpants. In both instances, Marianne appeared to have something hidden under her jacket. A bat? Albert, who had fallen asleep, woke up when Jill moaned.
“Marianne was with him. Marianne went to the hotel with Jacob. I wish we had a camera inside that room. What happened in there?” Jill had her head in her hands. “We need to go back to Dearborn and talk to Marianne,” she told Albert. He pulled himself up out of his chair and yawned. “I’ll drive,” Jill said. 
She wanted to be occupied one hundred percent. Imagining what may be taking place at Gus’s Greek Grocery was a distraction that she needed to squash. Driving would help.
“You forget the blood in the tub,” he said.
“No, I remember it. But the bullet is what killed her and no one heard gunfire. Plus, the three of them are clearly seen leaving her room together, with Gretchen upright. If you are going to sleep through these videos, you will miss a few things, my friend,” she chided him. 
They took the stairs down to the parking garage and were silent on the ride into Dearborn. Albert thought about the video from Gretchen’s closet. At first when he found the camera, his mind said it was something the father planted there to spy on his daughter as she exited her bathroom. But the suspicion that the mother could have suspected something was going on between her husband and daughter, then planted the video camera herself, loomed large. Albert said what they were both silently thinking.
“Filicide is very rare. I don’t think we have had a case here in years.”
“It’s unheard of in my culture,” Jill offered.
“Oh is that right? What about Medea?” Albert teased. “Do you think Euripides just pulled that one out of his hat?”
“Okay, let me change that to in my family. I’m an American, remember? Besides, filicide is the killing of children in general, not just the parent killing the kid. Anyway, Medea did it to piss Jason off. I suppose children are never murdered in China?” She looked at him out of the corner of her eye. 
“You’re lucky you were born a boy,” Jill said under her breath. Albert grimaced.
“You’re a cruel woman. My grandparents were born in White Plains. You know that crappy hospital we were at yesterday morning? I was born there. And I know you were too.” Albert said.
“Yes. We have had this conversation before,” Jill sighed. “We must be losing it.” 
The tragic case was starting to take its toll on both of them after just two days. They fell silent again, thinking about Gretchen Parker.
“If Jacob thought Gretchen had been having sex with Mike Ahmed, knowing what a racist Jacob was, it may have driven him into a jealous rage. He is a coward, so of course he wouldn’t kill the man. It would have been easier to kill the daughter,” Albert said.
“Yes,” was all Jill could say. It would be easier to kill your own daughter. She thought of her father, his loving, patient ways, how tender and kind he was to her and her brother Chris. He was so respectful, and except for his slightly Puritanical views on sex and marriage, she couldn’t imagine him ever, in a million years, even arguing with her or harming her in any way
The worst of it was that the bat did contain DNA from Gretchen, and cells from her cervix. Jill felt her gorge rise when Albert read the report in an email on his phone. The bat was an enigma, because of its coating of DNA from every member of the household, including the cat. The handle had fingerprints from several people.
Jill shut the engine off before they arrived at the Parker residence, allowing the cruiser to roll silently to a stop. Albert was staring out the window at the house, still not able to comprehend what they had concluded after seeing the results of the bat, and watching the surveillance videos from the hotel hallway, inside the casino, and at the main entrance on Beaubien. 
Jacob’s car, a classic nineteen sixty-five Cadillac, stood out like a sore thumb, and his wife, sitting in the front seat with her prim suit jacket on and ruffle-collared blouse, had been seething intensely enough for the security camera to pick up the emotion from a telephone pole down the street. Jill and Albert sat speechless, waiting for the Dearborn police to show up.

In front of the Parkers’ house, Marianne stood in the window behind the closed curtains. She would wait quietly for them to approach the house. It wouldn’t do much good to try and flee. Dressed in her signature polyester pants suit and crisp, white blouse, her hair dyed and arranged in an out-of-fashion style, she looked and felt much older than sixty-two.
How did it happen that she would adopt her husband’s age and sensibility? She really loathed him. She thought of the years she worked as a secretary in an insurance office. It was good work, didn’t take a lot of emotional energy to process insurance claims and answer the phone. She had her own money, a lovely child, a nice home. And then she thought of her daughter. Her daughter had become an icon. She represented everything that was good about life. Gretchen was proof of her goodness, of her worthiness. She was happy, in spite of being married to a reprobate, because she had Gretchen, and Gretchen was their common ground.
Until the slip-up. It had happened so unexpectedly that Marianne almost missed it. It was a morning like any other morning. She was puttering around her light-filled kitchen getting their breakfast ready, and Gretchen came down, looking fresh and lovely from her shower after a run, a sparkling white, virginal terry-cloth bathrobe on, and while Marianne’s back was to her family, she saw her daughter open her robe up to her father, who was sitting and drinking his morning coffee. Marianne could see their reflection in the shiny chrome of the toaster.
She might have dismissed it if they would have ended their encounter there. However, she saw Jacob look up toward his wife to see if she was occupied, and then back to the body of his daughter, and Marianne saw him reach with his hand and caress, what? Gretchen’s breast? 
It was only because of years of self-control from having lived with him and biting her tongue, that she didn’t whip around and lash out at both of them. She waited until they were finished, seconds really was as long as it lasted, and then fled the room. 
She went up the stairs to her own bedroom and left them alone in the kitchen, something that was the norm in their household. Why not? Who doesn’t leave her husband alone with their daughter? She suddenly became aware of other times in the recent past that may have been inappropriate, but she was so removed from such behavior, so sure of her husband’s love for his daughter, that nothing underhanded or perverse ever had crossed her mind.
Now, Marianne thought of seemingly innocent wrestling matches between the two of them in which Gretchen appeared to be naked under her nightgown, or times that she would find Jacob sitting on Gretchen’s bed and the two of them talking in hushed voices.
She never thought anything of it until this particular day. There was a time in the distant past, that Gretchen had complained to Marianne about Jacob coming into her bed at night. Jacob denied any wrongdoing, saying he must have been sleepwalking. So if they had been doing something under this roof, if her adult daughter was not the picture of innocence Marianne had built her up to be, there were ways to find out.
There was a technical store not far from their house, one in which she and Jacob weren’t known as customers, and Marianne told the clerk that she wanted a video camera to spy on her cleaning lady who she was sure was stealing. She was to mount the tiniest camera she had ever seen right inside Gretchen’s closet door. She never closed her closet, so it would be the perfect place to spy, aiming it at the bathroom door and her bed. If anything happened in there, Marianne would soon find out.

Shortly after Jill turned the car off, a Dearborn unmarked car pulled up behind them. It was Aaron Barry again. Albert introduced Jill to Officer Barry. The three of them walked up to the front door, Jill aware of neighbors peering at them. A member of this household had been murdered; it was a house of curiosity now. Marianne opened the door for them before they knocked.
“We would like to talk to you, Mrs. Parker. May we come in?” Albert asked.
Marianne stood aside for them, holding the door open for the officers. Albert had been in the house the night before with a search warrant and was startled, if not shocked, at its stark sterility. It was impersonal as a hotel. The daughter’s bedroom looked as though it had recently been redecorated, though Marianne said it had always been like that, since Gretchen was a little girl. 
Albert had an idea, and he gave Jill a look with his eyebrows raised. She gave him an almost imperceptible nod. They would reveal all the evidence. Marianne pointed a finger at the sofa.
“Do you want to sit in here? Or should we go into the kitchen?” she asked. 
The little house didn’t have a dining room. Albert thought the kitchen might be more comfortable for Marianne, and he wanted her guard down. They followed behind her, sitting down around the table. Albert sat across from Marianne. She was poised to get them refreshments, but no one wanted anything. She pulled out a chair and reluctantly sat down. Albert pulled a small recording device out of his pocket.
“Okay if I record this?” he asked. Marianne nodded her head. 
Jill watched the woman closely, and could feel the blood draining out of her face. 
Did Marianne Parker kill her own daughter? Was she preparing to confess to such a heinous crime? In a jealous rage, angry that her daughter was having sex with her father, did Marianne Parker first rape her daughter with a baseball bat, and then shoot her to death?
The hows and whys weren’t clear to Jill, yet; when she saw the entire scene play out before her eyes, the shooter’s form was unclear to her. The blood in the bathtub was from the injury to Gretchen’s vagina. She must have lost at least a pint of blood by the sound of what the plumber found in the drain, clotted enough that it had stopped the drain up.
“Both Gretchen’s and your DNA was found on the bat,” Albert said. “Actually, to be exact, cells from Gretchen’s cervix were on the end of the bat. Someone had shoved the bat into your daughter while she was still alive. We think it took place in the hotel room, because Gretchen’s blood stopped up the drain when it clotted. 
“Mrs. Parker, we have a video of you entering your daughter’s hotel room with her at your side, and there is obviously something under your suit jacket.” 
He waited a moment before he went on. “I have the video camera from Gretchen’s closet. I saw the tapes. It shouldn’t be difficult to find out who bought the camera. I have a warrant to get your credit card statements. The store clerk will remember who he sold the camera to.”

Marianne was silent for a moment. It was futile to keep quiet in hopes she’d get away with it. She wanted Jacob to take the blame for the bat. It felt so perverted when she did it, telling her daughter to lie down in the tub, she felt as bad as the child molester he was. 
And he was willing to do anything if she would keep quiet about him nursing from her breast. She was ready to scream that from the mountaintops. He was a pervert. She had finally realized the extent to which he would go to be close to his daughter. 
And now that stupid Gretchen, her dimwitted daughter was dead, she’d never know the complete truth. She should have used torture to get a straight answer. If she’d had only a little more time. Marianne couldn’t help herself, she started laughing. It just sort of popped out of her lips, a little spittle going along with it.
“Oh Lord, I really didn’t think I was going to get away with it. But that ass of a husband of mine...we can be frank, correct? Did you watch all the tapes from the house? How about the dress-up tapes? Did you get to those yet? Oh my God! Jacob in my daughter’s thong underwear, her little bra stretched over his chest and back! I thought I would die laughing! I had a feeling for years he might be wearing my clothes while I was at work, but I could never prove it.
“You know, he was having a relationship of some bizarre kind with Gretchen. He was willing to take blame for the murder. He was ready to spend his life in jail if I didn’t tattle on him. I’m sure it will come out later, but you have what you need from me now, correct? 
“I did that to her with the bat. My only child. I was in awe of Gretchen, did you know that? She was on a pedestal here. I thought Jacob and I were in agreement about one thing, and that was Gretchen. She was the neatest, cleanest little girl! From the time she could walk, Gretchen had to have clean hands. She wanted polished shoes, neat socks, combed hair. Did you see her bedroom? It was like a hotel room, it was so neat.
“Gretchen was disciplined. She got up at dawn to run every morning. She watched her diet like a hawk, never eating between meals, taking a lunch I packed for her every day of exactly two hundred-eighty calories. 
“Gretchen never missed a day of work. She was the most dependable teller the bank had. Her boss told me so. 
“This is what is so shocking to me. Why would a young woman who looked like Gretchen, who had her self-control, end up screwing around with Jacob Parker?
“Jacob has a storage locker in Allen Park. That’s where you’ll find your crime scene. Gretchen was killed there. We picked her up from the casino late Sunday night. She’d left her clothes and purse back at that hotel. We went to the hotel to get her things. Jacob had the bat to fend off anyone who might try to keep her from coming with us, but I brought it inside. When I saw her, saw that she was dressed up like a whore, I decided to check her out. I made her go into the bathroom and take off the gown. 
“She was twenty-six years old and still a virgin. I took care of that with the bat. I guess I was angry enough that I got a little carried away. There was so much blood! I felt awful afterward, embarrassed and ashamed.
“I kept thinking, so Jacob hadn’t had sex with her. But it was too late. Mike was a nice guy. None of this is his fault, is it? Have you found out how he was involved yet?”
Marianne took a deep breath. She was finished talking for now. She put her head down in her hands and started to cry. Not sobbing like Jacob had done, just regretful crying. She had been caught. Albert nodded at Jill, who stood up and walked behind Marianne’s chair and began to speak.
“You have the right to remain silent…”
Chapter 24

Andy Zannos lay on his youngest son’s bed in the second-floor bedroom of his Uncle Gus’s apartment in Greektown. The older boy, Greg, was down in the store with Andy’s mother who was cooking for the army of relatives that were expected for lunch. Anna Zannos wasn’t Greek, she was born and raised in Dearborn of Syrian parents. You would never know it by her Greek food. Even her sister-in-law, Maria, said Anna’s food was as good as if not better than hers. 
Anna divided her time between the Muslim community and the Greek Orthodox Church, doing good works. But her greatest joy was her son and her grandsons. Although she was sad beyond belief over the murder of her daughter-in-law, secretly she looked forward to having a larger part in the children’s lives. Dana wouldn’t have allowed it otherwise.
“How is this possible that you think you can have a foot in each world?” her mother asked when Anna started to go to the Greek Church with Andy, which was a requirement in order for them to get married there. Her parents never forgave her for not getting married in the mosque, and they brought it up every opportunity they had.
“It’s the same God, Momma! I’m a sixty-year-old woman! He hasn’t struck me down yet for going to the mosque and the church,” Anna replied. 
Now, she wasn’t so sure. Was Dana’s murder the beginning of something bad for her family? She fought superstitions, yet Big Andy’s family was immersed in it.

They’d had a rough night, the first with Dana gone. The youngest, Danny, was having the hardest time. He had cried himself to sleep. 
Exhausted the next day, Andy read him a storybook, hoping he would take a nap. But he was too excited about being above the grocery. All Andy could think of when he woke up that morning was getting his kids out of the house in Novi as quickly as he could. The apartment above the store would be a good home for his family.
“Why are we here, Dad?” he asked. “Why are Gigi and Pop Pop here?” Big Andy left after lunch to golf, but was due back before dinner. “Where’s Aunt Jill?” 
Andy went through his son’s questions and answered them one by one. He never wanted to go back to the house in Novi if he could help it, but decided the best thing to do was to simply take it day by day. 
Numbed by Dana’s murder, her death was so senseless, and now his children didn’t have a mother. But the silver lining was that she was gone and he didn’t have to put the family through the hell of a divorce, and it wasn’t due to anything he had done. This thought at least gave him some peace.

Her parents wouldn’t be seeing it exactly the same way, blaming Andy for her death indirectly. They badgered him into allowing them to plan the funeral; he wanted what was best for everyone involved, but the Pentecostal church they went to, filled to overflowing with tears and mourners crying out to God, would be the last thing he wanted to expose his boys to. How would they manage in that atmosphere?
Much of what was happening was out of Andy’s control, so he made the decision to just go with the flow. He wouldn’t do or say anything that would hurt his in-laws, but he made a stand; he would be in charge of the lives of his children and anything that affected them. He might even keep the boys home from the funeral.
Eternally grateful that his job was in Greektown, he had the perfect excuse to move the boys to the store. He would have them around the clock, and not have to hire childcare. If his in-laws wanted to see the boys, they would have to come into Detroit.
Eventually, Danny asked the dreaded question: “Daddy, why’d Momma die?” 
Andy knew to keep the answer simple. He had to bite his tongue to do so, however. The child had seen his mother’s murderer, knew him personally as someone who he was told to respect. He watched as she was killed, and Andy was certain those memories were not going away soon
“God needed her to go to heaven right away. He must have something really important for her to do there,” Andy said, thinking, what a crock of shit. How could he explain something so lurid and senseless in a way that a six-year-old child would understand it, and keep trusting Andy after he discovered the truth for himself? And the child saw right through the lie.
“Daddy, didn’t God know she had little boys to take care of?” he asked, starting to cry. 
Andy’s heart jumped. He suddenly realized he wasn’t the best person to answer his son’s questions about death. Maybe his anger toward Dana had affected his kids too much already. 
He would ask his mother to help him. She had faith that came from so many places that he got confused thinking about it. She came upstairs, and sat next to her son and grandchild. Andy held Danny, and patted his back while he cried.
“Mom loved you, honey,” Andy told him. “She didn’t know she was going to die.”
“Why’d my coach kill her?” Danny asked. 
Anna thought for a second, and decided to be as truthful as he could while maintaining Dana’s dignity. Her faith taught her that as long as what she did brought honor to God, that it was the right thing. After all, the child had seen someone he liked put a gun to his mother’s head and kill her. Nothing she could say would be worse than that.
“The coach was sick, Danny,” Anna replied. “He didn’t realize that if he shot your mommy, that it would be forever. We will never know why he did it, but I am sure that it wasn’t so you would be sad. He was only thinking about himself at that moment, do you understand me?” 
Anna knew that saying anything to a six-year-old about God giving Man free will would sound ridiculous. She wondered the same thing; What was God thinking? She answered her own question aloud. 
“God knew you would be safe here with your daddy and me and Pop Pop and Uncle Gus.” She reached over and hugged them both in her arms.
***
By lunchtime, all but Jill and Alex had arrived. Big Andy was back from his golf game. Maria was sitting on a stool behind the counter, talking to her sister-in-law Anna as she cooked. They were having a family favorite for lunch, Avgolemono Soup. 
Gus came in to help and took the pot of soup from the stove; they would eat lunch up in the apartment’s big dining room with a table and twelve chairs, almost enough seats for the entire family. Maria made a salad, and there were fresh loaves of Greek bread and butter, as well as tea or coffee, and milk for the children. They had commercially made stuffed grape leaves that came from the Eastern Market in a large white plastic tub. 
Gus often said, “Why bother to make them when the store bought ones are so delicious?” There were two big bowls of Greek olives and a creamy looking spread made of fish roe called taramosalata.
“Time to eat!” Aunt Maria yelled. 
Cousin Andy walked out of the bedroom with his two little boys. No other children were at this lunch table today. The adults would have to use restraint as they discussed the reason they were all together. 
Anna spoke quietly to Maria. “I’ll take them for a walk after they eat.” She busied herself getting her grandchildren settled in their seats, and preparing their plates. 

Andy was relieved; as much as he loved his sons and providing their care, the horror of the previous night had taken its toll and he felt like a washed-out rag.
“Mom, do you mind if I don’t eat right now? I have a bit of a headache.” 
Anna said he should lie down, and she’d take care of the boys. Anna looked at her son, concerned for him. The tension in his marriage started showing right after the last little boy was born. Big Andy said that it must have been there before but they didn’t notice it.
Big Andy and Anna drove to Novi as soon as Andy called to say Dana had delivered, thrilled with the anticipation of seeing the new little grandson. Anna was in heaven, imagining the little body in her arms. Having had just one child, she was thrilled that her son and his wife were planning on a big family.
 Anna loved her daughter-in-law, in spite of not feeling like she had been fully accepted by her. She trod lightly around her, careful not to offer unwanted advice or help of any kind. She made herself available, but Dana never made use of her. When Dana was pregnant with Greg, Anna spoke without thinking.
“Oh! I can’t wait to buy baby furniture!” she said. Dana looked at her with a smirk on her face.
“You’ll have to beat my mother to it first,” she said. “She also said to tell you she’ll be first in line to babysit.” Andy went to his mom and hugged her. It was obvious there was a power struggle going on.
“Your mother has seven grandchildren, Dana. My mother just has us.” He turned to his mother and said, “Mom, you can babysit whenever you want, okay?” 
Anna smiled at him, sorry that she was the cause of her son taking sides against his wife. It was never anything she intended on doing. Dana glared at Andy. She’d let him have it later. At that moment she just wanted her in-laws out of her house.
When Danny was born, Dana could no longer hide her disdain of Andy’s parents. They fought about it, but Andy finally gave in. He wouldn’t ask them to the children’s birthday parties or for holiday meals, but he would take his kids to their house every week. Big Andy and Anna may not have noticed right away that they were being excluded, because Andy brought the kids with him to work every Saturday and asked his mom and dad to join them. It was a fun time for the boys.
Anna struggled over and over again with guilt. What had she done to alienate her daughter-in-law? 
The final straw came after Danny’s birth. They stopped at the florist and got a huge bouquet of flowers. Anna had shopped non-stop for weeks, buying post-partum robes and nightgowns, two-piece pajamas, slippers, underwear, and nursing bras for Dana. There was a huge gift box of new baby clothes; she hadn’t been invited to the informal baby shower Dana’s neighbors had for her. 
They got to the hospital, loaded down with gifts and flowers, and seeing that the door to Dana’s room was wide open, they entered without knocking first. Dana’s mother and father sat in chairs at the end of her bed while her mother held a tiny bundle. Andy and Greg were in the cafeteria getting lunch. Dana was animated talking to her parents, when they looked up and saw the Zannoses coming in. Big Andy smiled his handsome smile at Dana’s mother.
“Oh, there he is; the new prince,” he boasted. Anna was thrilled. They began walking toward the baby when Dana called out.
“Stop,” she hollered at them. “Stop right there! You can’t bring flowers into this room. Don’t you know that he may be allergic to them? Honest to God, Mother, can you see what I am up against?” 
She rolled over on her side to prevent having to see her in-laws. Her parents were clearly embarrassed for their daughter.
“Dana!” her mother exclaimed. 
Her father stood up to shake hands with the Zannoses. But they weren’t going to move. They were afraid to put the gifts and packages down. Big Andy carefully turned around with the bouquet.
“I’ll just set this outside,” he said, putting the lavish bouquet of flowers on the floor outside Dana’s door. Anna backed up with her Macy’s bags and Babies-R-Us bags, afraid to set them down.
“Maybe we better go for now,” Anna said. It wasn’t clear whether Dana was crying or just pouting. Her mother looked apologetic.
“Don’t go,” she said. “Here, sit here and hold your new grandson.” 
She began to stand up with her husband’s assistance so that Anna could sit down and hold the baby. But Dana wasn’t having it.
“No. You have to wash your hands first. Your clothes are probably covered with pollen,” she sneered. 
Anna longed to hold the baby, but even the worst case of post-partum depression couldn’t account for the rudeness and disrespect she was getting. She hesitated, and decided that they’d better leave. The visit was rapidly falling apart. She whispered to Dana’s mother first.
“She’s probably exhausted. We’ll leave now. We can see him later.” 
She peeked over at the little face, so sweet and innocent. She’d hold him another time. For now, Anna wanted to get out of there before her son came back to the room. But they had waited too long. The tension in the room was so thick that he wouldn’t be able to miss it. He walked in with Greg, who started yelling when he saw them.
“Pop Pop! Gigi!” he hollered. “We have a new baby brother! I’m a big brother!” 
Dana managed to roll back over, and was glaring at her son. She didn’t want him going to Andy’s parents, but trying to get his attention now would just alert her husband to the situation in the room, so she bit her tongue. The small boy ran to his grandparents and they fawned over him, bending over to hug him, afraid to lift him up in case pollen on their clothes should taint him.
“Come on in, Mom and Dad,” Andy beckoned them. “Come and meet the baby!” He picked the little bundle up from his mother-in-law’s arms and walked over to his parents. “Why are you standing in the doorway? Come on in,” he repeated. They hesitated, and he finally picked up on the vibe in the room. “What’s going on? Dana?” 
His mother was just about to say, We’ll go now, when Dana leaped out of her bed and charged her in-laws.
“Get out!” she screamed. “It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out I don’t want you here.” 
Big Andy and Anna backed up to the door quickly, and turned to leave before Dana alerted the nurses with her shouting. But Andy was in the act now, too. He had taken the children back to his in-laws, little Greg petrified after seeing his mother so angry.
“Dana, get back into bed. Mom, Dad, don’t you go anywhere. Danny is their grandchild, too,” he said to Dana. 
He reached out to his mother, but it was too much for Anna. She held a gloved hand up to her face with a cotton handkerchief, and started to weep. Her husband put his arm around her shoulder to turn her and led her out of the room. He looked at his son and mouthed, I love you. 
Andy had his arms out in a gathering posture to try to convince his parents to stay. Dana’s tirade had given him an idea the extent to which his wife had disrespected them, and Dana’s own mother would soon fill in the blanks. She started crying, yelling at her daughter.
“I don’t care if you did just have a baby. I have never been so embarrassed in my life! Andy, you should go to your parents right now and comfort them,” she insisted. 
Andy turned and ran from the room to catch up with his parents. They were standing off to the side by the nurses’ station while the charge nurse and Dana’s personal nurse comforted them, having heard the ruckus. Anna Zannos was weeping. When Andy got to her, she started apologizing right away, although she hadn’t done anything wrong.
“Mother, I am so sorry. You should be furious! Please come back in, please. I want you to see the little guy.”
 But they weren’t going back in the room. Big Andy wouldn’t say anything to his son yet, but Dana was out of control. He was worried that her behavior in the hospital was the tip of the iceberg. If she can treat her gentle mother-in-law in such a manner, he wondered, what else is she capable of? He shuddered to think of it. What has my son’s life been like in the months leading up to this?
“Go take care of your family, son,” Big Andy said. “I’m takin’ your momma home. Call us later, okay?” 
His son reached to kiss his father on the cheek, and then bent down to do the same to his mother. He felt so awful, but there was no fighting Dana. If he said anything to her while she was in the hospital, it would cause a bigger scene. He felt like his hands were tied. 
He watched his parents walk down the hallway to the elevators. They looked so small and worse, old. The last thing he wanted to do was to go back into Dana’s room. When he walked through the door she was sitting up in bed, nursing the baby with their little boy sitting next to her. It should have been a lovely picture.
“Would you mind leaving now? I have to talk to Dana,” he said to his in-laws. “Could you take Greg with you?” 
They got up without answering, gathering up their belongings and helping Greg off the hospital bed. No one spoke again as they kissed their daughter and walked out of the room. 
Andy walked to the window and looked out, trying to see if he could find his parents’ car in the sea of the parking lot. He had allowed his wife to talk to his mother like she was a dog. He’d been weak, afraid of the repercussions if he stood up to her. And now it had gotten so bad that she was able to humiliate him in front of other people without hesitation.
“That’s the last time you ever, ever talk to my parents like that. Do you hear what I am saying Dana? We can get a divorce right now. So don’t threaten me with any of your bullshit.” 
He picked up his jacket and left, without giving her a chance to reply. He’d wait until she called him to pick her up from the hospital the next day, or her parents could bring her home, he really didn’t care.
He later called his parents and apologized to them. He explained that he didn’t know how long he would be able to tolerate staying with Dana for the sake of their children. He knew that to get a divorce would be a travesty in their eyes. Having two kids now made it much more difficult. He was used to persevering. He was raised not to give up. But under the current circumstances, he thought his marriage was beyond saving
Dana’s parents brought her home from the hospital the next day. Andy walked into the bedroom where his wife was sitting up in bed, nursing the baby. She smiled at him, but he could tell it was forced.
“What is going on?” he asked her. “I can see that you’re not happy and it’s not just post-partum.” 
He didn’t add, and no matter what I do, I know it will never be enough. Dana didn’t want to launch into a full-blown tirade about how miserable she was in their marriage, but she didn’t seem able to control her mouth.
“I can’t stand it that your parents hover. I know that’s not rational! You are all they have. But I always feel like your mother is judging me. I’m not Greek, so shoot me,” she said.
“She isn’t Greek either, so you better find another reason to hate them so much,” he said. 
He understood that she simply didn’t like his family. She didn’t fit in with them, so it was easier to look at them for blame than place it where it belonged; right back on herself. He wasn’t going to let her off easily this time. He would force her to figure out why she was so unhappy. It was more acceptable in her convoluted thinking to place her hatred on her in-laws, rather than face that she hated her husband. But the realization had to come from her. He wasn’t going to say it, because she would interpret it as an accusation, until he looked at her and saw that she was aware of it. 

Then her face had relaxed and she was focusing on him, a semi-smirk on her face. She knew the truth, but she wasn’t going to say it out loud. She didn’t love him. He was a small-minded, simple man who’d sold out to security rather than risk venturing out. When she thought of him in that filthy grocery store, the fish scales on the ground in the alley and the smell of garbage in the air, it made her sick.
Once, on a rare visit into town, she saw him right after he’d butchered a lamb. Her mother wanted to go into the city to shop for fabric and, thinking it might be a novelty, they went to Greektown for lunch. Dana walked in first, embarrassed that this shabby building housed the family business. Gus went to get Andy. He was excited and proud that she was seeing him at work, in spite of his butcher’s apron covered in lamb’s blood.
That was the last straw for Dana. She managed to keep her mouth shut while they were there, but it would be the final time she would visit. It just was too upsetting to see him there.
Her husband was a college graduate. Although Dana had never considered herself a snob, she must have been because if anyone asked what he did for a living, she said he was an accountant. He wasn’t allowed to discuss business in front of her, or invite any of his Greektown friends to their house. She refused to attend family gatherings or nights out with his friends and their wives. Their social life had deteriorated to nonexistence because she was ashamed of him. 
That they had even slept together the one time that resulted in Danny’s birth, filled Andy with regret. Dana stopped having any desire for him, yet would still wear provocative nightgowns and roll her big hips around in bed next to him, tempting him because he still loved her. He lost control one night and, jumping on her, conceived Danny.
Now she was dead. Andy felt a huge amount of guilt because, outside of the sadness her absence would cause their children, he was relieved. How could it be possible? He had once loved Dana more than life.
Chapter 25

The night before the funeral, the Zannos family assembled for dinner in the big dining room above the store. The same furnishings and dust collectors decorated the room from when Old Nick and Eleni were alive. The walls were covered with framed sepia photos of long dead relatives. There were men in traditional Greek costume, who Uncle Peter said were “wearing panty hose under those skirts,” and women with haunted faces masking boredom. 
Jill saw her features among these faces. She was her father’s daughter. The next day the family would go to Dana’s funeral in Novi because that was the appropriate thing to do. But tonight, there would be eating, drinking, and reminiscing. It was how the family dealt with tragedy as well as celebration; the only difference was that the decibel level would be kept down for the sake of the little boys.
Jill and Alex had arrived in time for dinner, and spent the next hour catching up with her aunts and uncles. She made a point of sitting near Nick and Paula, so she could listen to her uncle talk about his days as a state trooper and give him a chance to ask her questions about her current cases. He might have some advice she could use. It was how they communicated the best; keeping the conversation about work.
“It doesn’t seem like investigative work has changed that much since I did it,” he told her. “Outside of the assistance the computer offers, it’s still police work. Tell me, do you use your intuition much?” 
He laughed, aware that his niece had the same gift his mother did. Jill felt safe enough with him to be honest.
“I do use it, yes. The hardest part is to ignore my own emotions when they are in opposition to my intuition. My heart will be telling me one thing, while my gut is telling me another,” she said. 
Uncle John had the deck of cards out, and the women knew that was the signal for them to move out; any rational conversation after the cards appeared was impossible. As Jill stood up to leave for the kitchen with the rest of the female exodus, Paula grabbed her arm. It was a grip and not a soft one. Jill, startled, looked at her aunt with a big smile, expecting her to tease her about being a police officer as she had since Jill’s graduation from the academy. But tonight she had something else in mind.
“You are just like your mother,” she said loudly. Paula looked around the room to see if she had gotten anyone’s attention, stopping at Nick to ensure she got his. “Just exactly like her. Does anyone disagree with it?” 
Jill smiled at her, happy to be compared with Christina. No one had told her that in many years. She looked at her father, expecting him to smile in agreement, but the expression on his face was hard to read. It wasn’t pleasure.
“You always manage to draw all the attention to yourself, just like Christy did, doesn’t she Nick?” 
Paula looked at her husband with glassy eyes, and he moved over to her in a quick move, taking her forearm in his hand and pulling her hand off Jill’s. The rest of the family had stopped in their tracks, watching the exchange between aunt and niece but not sure where it was going. 
Only Nick and Gus knew, and they were frightened. It could not end well unless Nick acted quickly. When Paula had released her grip off Jill’s arm, Nick tried pulling her up out of her chair. Paula was almost as tall as Nick, and heavy for a woman. It was not a gracious movement.
“Come on, Paula, let’s go. Sorry, everyone, my wife seems to have suddenly forgotten her manners,” Nick said. 
Paula was not going to be silenced that easily.
“Why is it my manners? It’s your manners! Let’s tell your family. I think Jill should know what kind of a woman her mother was,” Paula shouted, on the verge of crying but not willing to admit hurt, only wanting her anger exposed. 
Gus moved over to his daughter and put his arm around her, trying to get her to move away from Paula and her wrath, but she was intrigued. She wanted to know what the secret was. She looked at her father with love, but refused to move, holding her position.
“I want to know what she means, Papa,” she said. “It’s okay. I want to hear.” 
Her heart was pounding; no, that wasn’t the right word; it was flagellating itself within her chest so violently she felt dizzy. She wouldn’t be walking away from this scene.
 Gus looked her in the eyes and knew it would be futile for him to try to cover the story up, but he didn’t want Paula to be the one to tell it. He turned to Paula, and spoke the first cross words anyone had ever heard him speak.
“Paula, this is my house, and I want you to shut your mouth. I’ll tell my daughter what she needs to know.” He looked up at his brother. “Nick, please leave and get your wife out of here.” 
Nick did as his brother asked, finally succeeding in pulling his wife up out of her chair and not gently, the action being the catalyst she needed to decompensate. The tears started to fall, and she let them go unheeded. She began to wail. Anna was worried it would wake up her grandsons, the noise was so loud. Paula went limp purposely so that her husband would have to struggle under her weight. It was a pathetic, embarrassing moment. 
Nick got her out of the dining room, and Gus waited until he heard the door to the apartment close before he started to talk. The rest of the family stayed still, shocked looks on their faces. It didn’t take much to imagine what Paula was alluding to.
“I wish I didn’t have to say this in front of you,” he said to the group. “This is personal, between my daughter and me. But since you have heard this much, I’ll tell you, too. I don’t want a bunch of gossip about my family.” 
He took a deep breath. This was the last thing he thought he would have to do today. Alex moved around to be next to Jill. 
“Everyone, sit down,” Gus said. 
The sound of chairs scraping on the wooden floor, coughing, cutlery banging on china to get it out of the way continued for a few minutes and finally, silence. 
Suddenly, Jill thought she knew what her father was about to say and she didn’t want to know. It didn’t make any difference to her what the secret was; she would always love Gus. She grabbed her father by the shoulders.
“I love you, Papa!” she exclaimed loudly. “I changed my mind, I don’t need to know.”
“I love you, too, but now that it’s out, we need to keep going, we need to have everything out in the open. It’s not what you think. Just hear me out.” 
He looked at his family, and knew that what he would reveal would change everything. Nick and Paula would no longer be welcome at the store. Christmas in the city would be minus two people, maybe more if sides were taken. John and his wife Liz socialized with Nick and Paula. So did Pete and Joan. They would probably be the first to leave. 
But Gus was daydreaming, seconds ticking by as he delayed the inevitable.
“Nick and Christina had an affair, and Christopher is Nick’s son. I have loved him like he was my own child. It was sad and unfortunate, but Chris and I loved each other and wanted to be together. She didn’t love Nick. It was a silly flirtation that got out of hand. My brother is a formidable man. I’m sure Christina was swept off her feet by his attention. I don’t know how Paula found out, but it’s clear she must be lashing out at Jill because she is hurting.” He looked down at his daughter, sitting with Alex’s arm around her shoulders.
“When you were born two years later, it healed us. You were all that we needed to justify our marriage. Thank you for that. I am so sorry that you had to find out about Christopher in this way. Please forgive me.” 
Jill pushed her chair back, and reached out to hug her father. She wasn’t an emotional woman, and no one in the room had ever seen her cry, even when she was a small child. But her eyes filled with tears as she held her father, imagining the strength it took to remain in a relationship with both his brother and her mother. The betrayal must have been horrible. 
She never, ever had received even an inkling of suggestion that there was any trouble between her father and mother, or Gus and Nick. She couldn’t speak, not trusting her voice.
The rest of the family sat silently, wheels turning wildly in their brains, trying to think back in history and see if there was a sign they’d missed. Maria finally stood up, pulling the waist band of her dress down from under her ample bosom, and said what they needed to hear. 
“Good riddance. Paula Mac was getting on my last nerve.” 
The elders started laughing, but Jill wasn’t there yet. She thought about Paula and some of the things she’d said to her over the years that may have meant she was on to her husband, or just jealous of Christina. The milling around began once again after its rude interruption. Maria came around the table and tackled her niece with a hug.
“It doesn’t make any difference. I hope you will come to realize it. No father ever loved a child more than my brother loved his kids,” she said. 
Jill nodded her head in acknowledgment, as her aunt and father embraced. The others looked on, moved at the exchange, but determined that the momentary loss of sanity by Nick and the late Christina wouldn’t be the topic of conversation. There were card games to play.
Liz motioned to John to follow her; she wasn’t finished with the intrigue and wanted to interrogate her husband. They went down into the darkened store together, John reluctantly following his wife.
“Did you know? You talk to Nick every goddamned day. You had to know he was screwing your sister-in-law!” She was angry and irrationally jealous.
“I wasn’t the one doing it, so don’t get pissed at me!” John whispered. “No! I didn’t know. I suspected, but Nick wouldn’t tell me. Nick was despondent after the baby was born. Do you remember?” 
He thought about his brother and sister-in-law, and tried to remember. 
“I saw them together. It was innocent enough, they were in her car. Do you remember that big tank of a Buick my dad bought her so she could drive to Plymouth every day? They were sitting in it, just talking. It wasn’t like they were hiding; it was parked right there on Antoine. 
“It must have been on a Sunday because we were here; you were with Paula and I was driving in from visiting someone uptown. I waved at them – they saw me and waved back. They must have gotten out and walked back to the store right away because after I parked, we all walked in together. I never thought anything about it until later.”
John looked at his wife, who shook her head. It figured her husband was so naïve as to think those two would be in a parked car together and not be suspicious. She didn’t remember anything about Nick after the baby being born, because she was so traumatized by not being able to have her own child. 
What she remembered feeling was raging jealousy against Christina while she was pregnant. She’d even had a glimmer of pleasure when the baby was born in such bad shape. For years afterward she would feel horrible about it, chalking it up to immaturity and heartbreak. 
Out of nowhere, it occurred to her that Gus, Peter, and Big Andy were the only boys who had children, and that only Andy and Gus had boys. But it wasn’t Gus, was it? It was Nick after all. Andy would be the only one to carry on the family name with Greg and Danny.
“How was Gus able to hide it all these years? It is mind boggling,” Liz admitted. Never a big fan of her husband’s extended family, she felt a little compassion for her quiet brother-in-law. “No disrespect to Gus, but he certainly is no match for Nick.” 
The moment the words were out of her mouth, she regretted it. John looked at her questioningly.
“Now what the hell does that mean?” he asked his wife. “Nick is such a stud? Jesus, Liz.”
“Well, not is. Was. He was such a stud. Don’t tell me you guys didn’t notice that Nick always had an audience.” 
She had to face it, the secret was out. Better to deal with it now rather than wait until the ride home. Eaton Rapids was a long car ride from Detroit to be made in silence.
“Men don’t think like that, sorry to disappoint you. But evidently, you saw something that I missed. Did Nick ever hit on you? I don’t mean now, I mean back then. When we were kids.” 
Liz had to hide her smile. Gus and Christina were the babies of the family and she, John, and Nick, the elders. Her husband still saw her as an eighteen year old, in spite of her gray hair and crow’s feet.
“No, dear, try to remember what we were doing at that time of our life. We were still working full time jobs. Nick and Paula lived two hours away from us. He always treated me with respect, if not a little apathy. Maybe that was a good thing.” 
Liz turned to look at her husband. They had been married all of their life and as far as she knew, he had been faithful to her as she had been to him, except some flirtation with someone she worked with, but it never amounted to much, and definitely nothing harmful. 
Why did married people succumb to affairs? She knew what her motivation could have been; her husband was ignoring her. Day after day, she tried to engage him in any way she could, but he wasn’t interested. She gave up on getting pregnant when he rebelled against the advice of the doctors and wouldn’t cooperate. It was too embarrassing to admit to anyone, let alone her gynecologist, that her husband didn’t want to have sex as often as they were supposed to be doing it. Liz never understood it. Her friends talked like their husbands were stalking them around the clock.
“I just remembered that Paula told me Nick was insatiable. Those were her exact words. She said they did it every night.” She looked at John. “That’s probably why I was so jealous of her. If you remember, we weren’t breaking any records in that department at the time.” 
There, I said it. The pink elephant that was our lack of sex life.
“Why’d you stay with me?” Liz said, repeating her thoughts. 
John was gazing out the back door onto the alleyway. The moonlight illuminated the area, and there was a cat sitting on the top of the dumpster. He didn’t want to, but he had to respond. He felt like they had reached a place in their life together in which there was no turning back. He looked at his wife. It was an ancient argument. Why didn’t they have sex more often? He could never give her an answer that satisfied her. He didn’t really know himself. She was attractive, in good shape, clean. He was in love with her but after all these years, what did that mean?
He just wasn’t that interested. He felt like she was never satisfied with him. No matter what he did, it was never enough. The smallest stumble turned into a huge fight, with curse words thrown at each other, or worse, silence. They could go for days without speaking to each other. Is this really the way they would spend the rest of their lives?
They were newly retired. It had gotten worse since Liz was home all day. He quit working first and had a routine he liked; now she was there expecting him to perform all day. They had to run errands together, and do projects, plan trips, fix up the house. He didn’t want to do any of those things. He wanted to be left alone. He could see clearly for the first time in years. Why’d did he stay with her?
“My family didn’t get divorces,” he said in answer to her question. She looked at him confused, having forgotten already what her last words to him were. “We were taught that unless you were miserable, you stayed with your spouse until you died. That’s why I stayed.” 
He knew they had to be truthful to each other, and it would be the only way that they would survive this disclosure. She was unhappy because he didn’t love her the way she wanted, and he wasn’t capable of it. He didn’t know why. 
“I don’t know why I was unable to give you what you needed,” he said, repeating his thoughts. “I lost interest in sex. I couldn’t get you pregnant; maybe that was the reason.”
He remembered that each month he would pray that her period wouldn’t come, but then it did, and she would be so depressed, practically inconsolable, and it was his fault.
He thought with a start, the same thing happened to Nick and Paula. But it wasn’t Nick’s fault after all. Nick had gotten his brother’s wife pregnant right away. He wondered how Paula found out. He’d muster up the courage to ask Nick, if he was still around. Their car was parked out back so it didn’t look like they had gone home yet, in spite of Gus asking them to leave.
“Sex isn’t everything,” John said. “You make it sound like we wasted our life because we didn’t do it every minute like my jackass of a brother. I didn’t leave you because I loved you, but you were miserable. You were the unhappy one, not me. So let’s be sure to keep the story straight.” 
Liz had a headache. They had talked in a circle. They wouldn’t resolve anything either way. It was an old marriage. They would probably die together, unless he found a younger woman to love. She could always pray for that.
Chapter 26

Nick and Paula Zannos were walking in front of the Greektown Casino, fighting about Christina. It was a first; after all, Christina had been dead for over twenty-five years. The purging felt awesome, in spite of being frightening to witness. People stepped off the curb into the street to give the big couple room. Both tall people, they had a commanding presence even in the outdoors, and especially when they were yelling at each other.
“What the hell were you thinking?” Nick hollered. “You couldn’t tell me that you knew first? Give me a chance to explain?”
“What’s there to explain?” Paula yelled back. “You fucked your brother’s wife! Jesus Christ, Nick! You betrayed me! How many other bastards do you have out there?” He tried to pull her into an alley they were passing, but she was almost as strong as her husband and wouldn’t yield. “Stop it! I’m not going in there!” So he pushed her against the brick of the building.
“Stop it, Paula. We’re not going to solve anything like this.” 

He kept her shoulders pinned against the brick. He hadn’t looked at her up closely for a long time, not to really see her. She was a beauty in her youth, peaches and cream complexion, with huge blue eyes that stared through him now with a knowledge that no man wants his wife to have. 
Age showed on her face. He wasn’t attracted to her anymore. 

Paula had known Nick was a player all along, just didn’t think he would stoop to betraying his own brother. Her head dropped down, her chin to her chest. She had looked the other way for years, and now this final travesty. That pathetic man-child that she had defended at every opportunity was her husband’s son! How was it possible? As much as she hated to give in to self-pity, she allowed it and started crying.
“God damn you, Nick. This is really the last straw. I want a divorce. I am so finished with it! You can hire someone to wash your fucking clothes and clean the house. I’m through.” She pushed away from his grasp and he let her go. “I’ll take the car; get one of your brothers to take you home.” 

He stood and watched as she walked back toward the store. He felt a strange vibration of excitement and horror. He was caught, that was the hardest part. But now that it was out in the open, he could begin living.
Getting a divorce at their age wasn’t going to be easy, but it wasn’t unheard of. He thought of the old joke about the couple in their nineties who went to the divorce lawyer. “Why’d you wait so long?” the attorney asked. The old couple responded, “We were waiting for the kids to die.” Only Nick and Paula didn’t have kids. His parents were gone, and they were the only people who would have been hurt by a divorce.
Nick had a child however. His son, Christopher. He drove from Brighton to Plymouth almost every day to see him, an hour round trip. It was that devotion to her nephew that finally tipped an unhappy, lonely Paula off, throwing her into a frenzy of investigative probing until she found the proof she sought; paternity testing Nick had done himself when the science became faster and easier. 

Along with the test results, she found letters from Christina that Gus surely didn’t know existed, and receipts for Christopher’s care amounting to hundreds of thousands of dollars. How could a state cop pay those bills? He didn’t even bother hiding them; she wondered if he didn’t want her to find the stash.
Paula ran to the alley behind the store. She had her pocketbook and car keys; they could throw her clothes away if Nick decided not to bring them home. Getting in the car, she noticed Liz and John standing in the dark store, looking at her through the window. She waved, but didn’t stop, and they didn’t come after her. She would think later how grateful she was for that. They let her keep a little of her pride.
***
“I guess we have the honor of taking your brother home tonight,” Liz said. She was glad; having Nick in the car would make it impossible for them to fight all the way home. And it might even be interesting. She felt that she and her husband would not be able to go forward from this moment without change. But what? 
Fortunately, menopause had reduced her libido so that it was almost as non-existent as John’s was. Infidelity wasn’t an issue; there was no way in hell this body would be exposed to a new lover, she thought. So trying to work out their sexual problems didn’t seem like such a big issue any more. Were they just destined to exist this way until death? They were going in the same direction toward the end, and although side by side, on different paths. They didn’t really have anything in common or any common interests. It was sad. 
Just then, Nick knocked on the locked store door. John unlocked it and let him in.
“You just missed your wife,” John said.
“Would you mind dropping me on your way home?” Nick looked like the cat that ate the canary. He glanced over at Liz and smiled.
“Boy, I’d like to slap that grin off your face,” she said. Nick laughed at his sister-in-law.
“I’m afraid you’ll have to get in line,” he replied.
“Come on, children, I’ve had enough drama for one night.” John led the way back upstairs. “Something tells me you aren’t going to be welcome here, so we better get our stuff and clear out before we are escorted out.”
“I’m just glad your mother isn’t alive. Could you imagine?” Liz said.
“You’re all heart,” Nick replied.
“Well, in case you didn’t notice, your wife is my best friend, and now what the hell am I going to do? I guess I’m taking her side.” 
They got to the apartment, and John shushed them. Laughter and talking could be detected through the thick wood. John turned the knob and opened the door. Everyone was sitting around the dining room table in approximately the same places they were half an hour ago when Gus asked Nick to leave. They turned to look at the group coming through the door. Nick put his hands up.
“Don’t yell, I’m leaving, I’m leaving,” he explained.
“We’re taking him home,” John said, the reason evident.

No one said anything, but it was clear they had moved on. Liz thought all of that bad news and the family is so stinking shallow that they can start a card game. She couldn’t wait to get home and call Joan. She remembered her own dilemma with the Zannos family. 
Her wealthy English family tried to accept John’s, but gave up after a few years. Liz always felt like her in-laws were talking trash about her because they would speak in Greek when she was around, purposely leaving her out of the conversation. She would go to the family functions under duress and be bored to tears, finally coming to the conclusion that they were never going to treat her like they treated each other, because she wasn’t Greek.
None of the brothers had married a Greek woman aside from Gus, and look what that got him. Paula felt like she was excluded, too. 
Peter’s wife Joan was openly hostile to her in-laws, refusing to come to most gatherings. She hadn’t come for this funeral dinner either. “Why the hell would I purposely expose myself to a bunch of rude in-laws? You both should refuse to go,” she advised Liz and Paula. 
Joan and Peter’s two girls were never in attendance. Except for Liz and Paula, they barely knew their dad’s side of the family. Anna was the only one who seemed to have been accepted by the rest of the family. Oh well, it’s over and done with, Liz thought, relieved.
Liz began to relax as soon as John pointed the car toward home. Hopefully, she would never have to venture into Detroit again. She loved Eaton Rapids; its proximity to Lansing took care of any needs she had to visit a big city. A Greek Orthodox Church was close enough for them to go on Sunday. There was a Greek restaurant in town, and if John needed Greek food they simply drove half an hour and picked some up. She’d survive the separation from family if only John could.
Nick complained about Paula before they crossed the city limits. Their marriage should never have taken place; it was based on lust, and when that dissipated he wasn’t able to stay faithful to her. But it wasn’t too late for her to gain some self-respect.
Appalled, Liz could only think how it would affect her if Nick and Paula got a divorce. Paula and Joan were her dearest friends. Although they lived over an hour from each other, the three couples saw each other weekly and sometimes more. 
They often went to church together, spending Sunday at Liz and John’s sprawling country home. Broadway plays at Wharton Center in Lansing, movies and dinner in Brighton, weekends skiing in Vale or gambling in Las Vegas, they loved being a group.
Every vacation was spent together, weeks during the summer at the family compound on Lake Michigan, and Christmas in Detroit with Gus, in spite of the women not liking the family. Liz and John’s lives without children were woven together with Nick and Paula’s for more than thirty years. Joan and Peter’s two daughters were more important to Paula than her own sister’s children. 
If it happened, if after all the years of marriage Nick would leave Paula or vice versa, it would leave a huge, empty hole.
Liz suddenly knew she had to try to keep them together. She turned around in her seat in the front of the car and looked at her brother-in-law. He was still handsome in spite of his age. 
The comment about him being unable to stay faithful to Paula had thrown Liz; she never had a hint that her brother-in-law was a womanizer, and Paula had never said a word to her about it. 
Liz had based some of her dissatisfaction with John’s lack of libido directly on Paula bragging about her husband’s constant sexual advances. Was it a lie? Liz felt awful about the way she had treated John that evening. She reached out a hand and patted his arm. He glanced at her and smiled. Maybe it wasn’t too late to make amends, she thought. But she wanted to say something to Nick first.
“No offence, but you’re getting a little old to be out there, don’t you think? I mean if I were you, I’d sweet-talk your wife into staying with you. At least you’d have someone there waiting for you when you get sick of running around like a pig,” Liz said.
“Boy, you really know how to hurt a guy,” Nick said.
 But he laughed. She was probably right. He thought that getting a divorce, selling the house he and Paula lived in, dividing up all of their crap, trying to find another place to live and starting all over sounded exhausting. 
“How about I take it under consideration?” Nick asked, reaching over to squeeze his sister-in-law’s shoulder. 
It would be difficult for the two couples to end their constant companionship. Liz put her head back and had a sigh of relief. Her thoughts in conflict again, no matter how bad it could be between she and John, nothing would be worse than being alone.
Chapter 27

On an unremarkable cloudy Saturday afternoon during autumn years before, Gus Zannos was about to receive the worst news a husband could get. He and his pregnant wife were walking on a path near the rose gardens on Belle Isle, a small island in the middle of the Detroit River. 
He had taken a rare break from the store at his wife’s insistence. Christina needed to get out of the apartment and away from her in-laws, she told him. 
In addition, she had something to tell her husband, something that she didn’t think her in-laws should hear. They were always there, lurking around. 
Belle Isle was their favorite place to go, close enough yet out of town. Its lovely gardens and parklands were planned by Fredrick Olmstead, who designed Central Park in Manhattan. As much as he loved it, Gus would never again set foot on Belle Isle after that day.
“The only problem with living in town is not being able to have a garden,” Gus said, bending over to smell the roses. “Nick and Paula’s; now that’s a garden.”Referring to his brother’s perfectly groomed flower beds. “Paula sure has a green thumb.”
“I am not interested in gardening at all. Getting my hands all dirty, bugs and worms. Ugh,” Christina sniffed. 
She stood in back of her husband’s bent over frame. Suddenly, she was choked up with regret over her treatment of him, having taken his gentleness for granted. Gus stood up and brushed his hands off on his pant legs; turning to his wife, he noticed her flushed and teary-eyed. He took her arm.
“What’s troubling you?” he asked. “What’s wrong?” 
He looked away from her face and, seeing a bench off the path in a copse of trees, led her there for some privacy, away from the other strollers. He grabbed her hand and pulled her down to sit next to him. She was shaking and visibly upset. What could it be? Is something wrong with the baby? he wondered. Christina looked at his face, into his eyes. 

Gus was a good man, kind and honest. They’d been childhood playmates and good friends before they got married. She sobbed, so uncharacteristic for her, confusing Gus. He put his arm around her, but she shrugged it off and leaned forward, with her head in her hands.
“Chris, you’re scaring me,” he said. “What the hell is wrong?” She turned to look at him, mascara smeared under her eyes, her nose running.
“I slept with Nick,” she said. 
Gus took his arm off her shoulders, and leaned forward so he could see into her eyes. The wheels turned in his head and his wife knew what was happening. If she kept her mouth shut, he would figure it out for himself. She didn’t need to say another word. He straightened up and looked off at the rose gardens again.
“When?” he asked. And when Christina didn’t speak, his expression changed from concern, to understanding. He looked down at her belly. Oh God. “No.” 
Christina looked at him. She nodded her head. What could she say? 
“Is it his?” her husband asked. “Are you telling me that this baby, our baby, is my brother Nick’s?” 
Jesus Christ! What am I going to do now? And then, the question she had dreaded: the inevitable why?
Gus loved her, rescuing her from her mother’s suffocating grip, but there had been something missing in the beginning, something she couldn’t define in her naïveté. 
His brother Nick was handsome, muscular, taller than the other men in the family. He was outgoing and flirtatious, but harmless, or so his family thought. 
Nick swept Christina off her feet. In a moment of weakness, flirtation led to passionate lovemaking, often in the front seat of his patrol car. But she wasn’t going to go there with her husband if she could help it.
“It just happened,” she answered. “I don’t know whose baby it is.” 
The ludicrousness of what she said slapped them both in the face. 
She doesn’t know? Was she sleeping with him that often? 
And, Did I just admit I was sleeping with them both during the same time period? 
She started crying again. “I always felt like I needed to be honest with you. I couldn’t not tell you. It sounds like a contradiction, but I do respect you! I do! It was just a lapse in judgment.” 
But even as the words were out of her mouth, she knew she was lying to him still. She loved him like a great friend, but it was his brother, Nick that she was passionate about.
The first time it had happened, they kissed in the apartment when no one else was upstairs. Nick confessed his love for her. He’d come to the city in the middle of the day, just to see her. He was emotional, distraught, standing over her with his uniform on.
“Meet me tonight,” he said. “I’ll get a room. I’m not sure how I am going to get through the day.” 
His hands gripped her upper arms, the bones right beneath the skin. His wife was plump, her arms were soft. It was impossible not to compare Paul and Christina. When he hugged Paula, he collapsed into her soft flesh and she was sturdy, not flinching under his weight. Christina was as fragile as a china doll. He’d have to be careful not to break her if he was lucky enough to get to do it to her. He wasn’t thinking about anyone else but himself.
“I’m not sleeping with you! You must be nuts,” she retorted. 
She loved him too, but it would be left unsaid. Nothing good would come from their union. 
And she couldn’t bear the thought of hurting Gus. He was so good to her, so solid and trustworthy. Pulling away from Nick, she went toward the staircase to go down to the store. 
“Come on, before your mother notices we are up here alone.” 
Christina had seen the look in Eleni’s eyes before. Her mother-in-law wondered what was going on. It would be the last thing Christina intended on doing; sleeping with Paula Mac’s husband.
She went down alone, while Nick waited in the apartment for his hard-on to go away. Thinking no one noticed her; Christina went directly to the tables where customers sat to wait for their take-out food or drink coffee, and got busy with straightening the salt and pepper shakers. She found an empty napkin holder, and took it with her to the back of the store where the rest of the family congregated, preparing to go to Eastern Market for a shopping trip. Gus laughed with his father. Eleni stood to the side, watching and listening. She alone observed when her daughter-in-law came down the stairs, flushed and with furtive eyes, and then close behind was Nick, composed but troubled. They must have been upstairs together.
Concern flooded her at once. Here was a situation. She’d keep this one from her husband, a sensitive man, but a rigid one in his thinking. He would blame Christina for her flirtatiousness; everyone noticed how she responded to Nick. 
But no one saw danger in it, not even Paula. Paula was a naïve young woman, too naïve for her own good. She thought she could keep the interest of her husband and let herself go. All of the daughter-in-laws were the same: no common sense, pampered, immature. 
Bringing her suspicions to Paula’s attention would only cause problems, so Eleni decided she wouldn’t say anything. She’d keep watch over the young people. 
She glanced at Gus, who seemed oblivious to it all. He was always a carefree boy and now it would turn around to bite him in the back. Unless she took steps. Should she warn him? What man could take a warning like that from his mother? Son, your wife is messing around with your brother.
Confronting Nick would also be counterproductive. He’d double his efforts at antagonizing his mother, maybe even stop talking to her all together. He was her eldest child and had control over their relationship. She might be able to say something to Christina. Might. She’d have to see how it played out. Christina wasn’t to be trusted, that was obvious, and she would surely repeat anything said to her to either Nick or Gus.
All the psychic ability in the world hadn’t prepared her for this. In some families, the women looked the other way when the sons went too far. The behavior was almost condoned. 
But Eleni didn’t think she would stand for it. She loved her children too much to see them get caught up in games that had devastating consequences. She’d keep her eye on them and, hopefully, wisdom would come in some form when she needed it. She was stymied, but it was wasted effort because that night Christina and Nick went to a hotel on the outskirts of town. The longing to make love to him was so powerful that she risked getting caught sneaking out of the house, forgetting her earlier resolve not to give in to lust.
Nick waited for her in his car, and when he saw her, he reached over to unlatch the car door and pushed it open for her. She slid in next to him on the bench seats. They had never driven together in a car before. 
He had an erection and she could feel her pulse in between her legs as they drove to the hotel. Going to the front desk alone, he got the room, and then took Christina around to a back entrance. They climbed the stairs to the upper floor, rather than risk taking an elevator and being seen. 
Nick’s heart was pounding in his ears. He didn’t know why he was compelled to betray his wife. Paula was a good woman who took excellent care of him. She was always willing for sex; there was no reason on earth why he would jeopardize their marriage.
And his brother, his baby brother Gus, who had asked him to walk his bride down the aisle. Is this how he would reward that devotion? But even as he thought these thoughts, he would look at Christy walking next to him and his heart would flip. He was in love with her.
They got to the room and didn’t bother turning the lights on or even speaking. They took their coats off and starting kissing each other as they had in the apartment above the store. 
Christina moved away and started to take her clothes off with care, just in case someone waited up for her when she returned to the apartment, she wasn’t going to risk looking disheveled. She’d say she’d just needed fresh air and went for a walk.
They didn’t waste a moment of time. He quickly brought her to an orgasm, and then got on top of her and pushed into her. It was at this moment, as Christina lay on her back with legs in the air, that she thought of Gus. Having never even considered infidelity, the entire scenario was surreal. 
She had never been with anyone but Gus. Nick was completely different to Gus physically. He was lying on her but without weight, and kissing her, whispering to her. Gus didn’t do that. She wished Nick would hurry; she wanted to get home. It wasn’t relaxing or passionate at all. But she held on to him and matched his thrusts until she felt his body shudder and he was done. 
She went to the bathroom and it didn’t occur to her that he hadn’t used any protection; she wasn’t on the pill because she and Gus wanted to get pregnant, they had been trying since their wedding. Nick’s semen drained out of her and it still didn’t register. She cleaned herself up and went back out to the room; Nick had turned the light on, waiting for her, wanting to see her naked. Suddenly modest, she smiled at him, but grabbed her clothing and went back into the bathroom to dress.
They didn’t speak again that night. At the apartment, she let herself in without discovery. The next morning, she didn’t notice that her mother-in-law watched her carefully, standing off to the back of the store, occasionally closing her eyes, trying to get a read on her. 
It would be the last time Christina would have to sneak out to be with Nick. There were opportunities to get together during the day. No one watched every step Christina took. She often rode the bus to her mother’s house. If there was an hour or two unaccounted for, it hadn’t been an issue, yet.
Chapter 28

Christina went into labor in the middle of the night. She’d gone to bed early after prepping her baking area for the next day. She set the dough in a special box Gus made so it could rise overnight, safe from insects or mice that might be looking for a treat. All afternoon her back had bothered her. Eleni watched her walking around the kitchen, getting slower and slower.
“I think that baby is going to be born very soon,” she said. 
Christina stopped what she was doing and looked up.
“Are you getting a feeling?” Christina asked. Her mother-in-law walked over to her and pointed to her belly with a questioning, may I? look. 
“Go ahead,” Christina said. 
Eleni put her hand over the upper part of her daughter-in-law’s pregnant belly.
“It doesn’t take a psychic to know that this baby is ready to come out,” she said. “He doesn’t have one more centimeter to grow. How do you feel? It looks like your back is giving some trouble.”
“It hurts a little, but it’s because I’ve been standing all day,” Christina answered. She didn’t like to complain around Eleni, who patted her shoulder.
“You’ve done enough today. I’ll finish up here; why don’t you go on up?” Eleni said.
She wasn’t a taskmaster, but rarely excused anyone from work. There was just too much to do. 
Christina took off her apron and hung it on a hook next to the pastry counter. She wondered when the next time she would wear it would be. She went up to the room she shared with Gus. A small suitcase packed for the hospital was on the floor by her closet door. She took a shower and got into bed before seven. Gus came in to check on her shortly after, and she was already sound asleep.
At twelve-thirty, she woke up having to go to the bathroom and noticed a burning sensation under her belly. She had a little blood on her underpants, too. Not wanting to wake up Gus yet, she took her time washing her hands. 
Thinking this was probably labor, but not sure, she went ahead and put her make-up on and combed her hair. Looking at her reflection in the mirror, she allowed the face of Nick to drift into her thoughts. She’d kept her distance from him and, out of respect for her husband, refused to see him for the past months. It was so hard.
But tonight, she missed him. She suddenly felt desperate to talk to him, to tell him she loved him still and would always love him. But she couldn’t betray Gus like that again. She tiptoed out of the bathroom and went back into their bedroom. Gus awoke, sitting up in bed.
“Are you okay?” he asked. She walked over to the bed and sat on the edge of it.
“I’m not sure. I have the bloody show. But no contractions yet. There is sort of a tightening feeling down here,” she said, running her hand underneath her belly. She pulled her legs up in the bed. “I think I’ll lay down for a while and see if anything happens. I’m so tired.”
“Should we call the doctor?” Gus asked.
“No, I don’t want to yet,” Christina said. “Everyone says to stay home as long as you can because it is so uncomfortable in the hospital.” 
But it didn’t take long before she changed her mind. She was lying in her bed trying to rest when the first contraction came. It didn’t flow into her body, as she had expected, but slammed into her back like a medicine ball being thrown at her. And the pain was constant, not rhythmic. 
After five minutes, she got sick to her stomach and didn’t make it to the bathroom, throwing up the glass of water she had just downed.
“Oh boy, maybe we better leave now,” she said. 
They pulled the wet sheets off the bed. The movement and the activity woke Eleni up, who came in and offered to take over.
“Help your wife get dressed and take her to the hospital,” she said. 
Christina was both thrilled and terrified. She couldn’t wait to see the baby, but was scared of labor as a result of the horror stories she’d heard from her mother and grandmother.
She labored through the night, pacing the floor of her room the only way she could stand the pain. Periodically, she’d stop and rest at a window sill that was the perfect height for leaning against. She was beyond simple speech or even screaming. Who had the energy for that? Gus got the hint quickly to leave her alone. I wish someone would come and put a gun to my head, she thought. 
And then blessedly, the urge to push overwhelmed her and, having been warned not to push too soon, she walked into the bathroom to escape exposure, shut the door and squatted down like a peasant. Within minutes, she felt a new sensation, fullness in her vagina, and realizing that if she stayed in that position for much longer, her baby might be delivered on the bathroom floor. She stood up and walked to the bed.
“Tell the nurse to come here, will you, Gus? I think this baby is ready to come.” 
After the nurse examined her and determined that, yes, she was about ready to deliver, the pace of activity in the room picked up exponentially. 
“We’re going to see our baby!” Christina said to Gus, forgetting in her euphoria that the baby’s father may be at home back in Brighton. 
Chatter and movement came to a halt when the little baby had fully exited his mother’s body.
“We have a boy,” the doctor said. 
Christina cried out to Gus. “We have a boy!” 
The doctor handed the baby off to a waiting nurse. She took him over to a special heated table where a pediatrician waited. Gus went over to watch them weigh and measure the baby; he hadn’t noticed yet that the staff were awfully quiet. When he got closer, he didn’t understand what he was seeing; the baby’s intestines were lying off to his side of his body. A nurse took a moistened pad of some kind and covered the tissue up.
“What’s wrong with him?” he asked. “That doesn’t look normal.” 
He hadn’t looked at the baby’s face yet; they were working on him, trying to intubate him because he wouldn’t breathe on his own. Gus knew it was bad, so he stayed out of their way. Finally, a nurse came over to Gus.
“Your baby has a problem with his ability to breathe. That’s why we are putting the tube down his throat. Why not go back with your wife, and as soon as we are done evaluating him, Dr. Peterson here with come and talk to you both. Go on now, go be with your wife,” she said. 
Gus reluctantly moved away from the baby. Christina was smiling, chatting away while the doctor sewed up her episiotomy.
“How’s he look?” she asked him, smiling. “I can’t wait to hold him.” 
Gus noticed the doctor kept his head down while he worked. He was definitely not going to make eye contact.
“They have to do something to assist with his breathing, Chris,” Gus said. “The doctor will talk to us in a few minutes.”
“What’s wrong with his breathing?” she asked, suddenly frantic. “Is he okay?” Her doctor, finally finished, stood up and tore his gown and mask off.
“Christina, it’s not that uncommon to have to help a baby breathe at first, okay? As soon as Dr. Peterson is finished looking him over, he’ll be in your room to talk to you about your baby,” he said, and proceeded to get out of there before she could ask any more questions. 
The nurses helped Christina transfer to a stretcher, and took her to her room to wait for the doctor.
Within the hour, Dr. Peterson came to Christina’s room to tell the parents the unfortunate news about their baby. He stood with his eyes averted, speaking words that would destroy this mother’s life, all the while crumbs from some goodie left in the doctor’s lounge falling out of his mustache onto the front of his lab coat.
“Your baby has Down syndrome,” he announced. 
Besides his telltale facial features, the baby had part of his intestines growing outside his body and would require surgery to put them back in the abdominal cavity. They weren’t sure whether or not his heart was normal; cardiac issues were sometimes part of the Down syndrome picture. 
Neither of them was prepared for such news; Gus was in shock, and Christina inconsolable. They named him Christopher. The tradition was to name male babies after the grandfather, but they weren’t calling him Nicholas. He also didn’t want the baby to be named after Gus’s real name; Costandenios.
It took all his energy to act the concerned and loving husband and father. He’d never talked to Nick about Christina’s confession; whether or not Christina told Nick that Gus knew was an unknown. 
Gus struggled for a short time; what good would it do to confront his brother now? He wondered whether or not a paternity test should be done. Would it even show who the father was? The DNA testing of the time could determine if the child was from a certain paternal line. But excluding someone within the same family would be both expensive and time consuming. 
The day after his birth when surgery was eminent, the issue was resolved. During a routine type and cross test that would prepare blood for the baby if he needed it during the operation, baby Christopher’s blood type came back type B. Gus’s type was O and Christina’s was A. Nick’s was B. There was no way Gus could be Christopher’s father. Gus was devastated, but he would stick by his wife and raise the baby as his own.
But the baby’s problems were another matter. Gus wondered how a grocery store manager would pay for the care the baby needed. Nick would have to contribute something financially. His brother would have to pay up. 
Nick came to the hospital as he had every evening since Christina delivered; the dutiful brother-in-law. He stood next to Gus, looking in the nursery at the babies. Their baby wasn’t at this window; he was back in the intensive care nursery with a tube going down his throat into lungs. Gus had been crying; the news of the blood test and the precarious physical problems overwhelming the tiny baby were too much for Gus’s gentle demeanor. Nick moved closer to his brother and put his arm around his shoulders for support.
“Anything I can do for you and Christy, let me know. I’m here for you,” he said, believing himself sincere, but not fully understanding the implications of what he was saying. 
Gus blanched at the endearing name Christy; Nick was the only person who used it.
“There is something you can do,” Gus responded, noting his brother’s handsome profile and rugged good looks, and feeling sick, thinking of his wife in those muscular arms. 
Looking away from his brother back to the glass window he said, “Something that might be difficult for you; something that you may decide is asking too much. I am going to ask you to stop fucking my wife.” 
Nick, the blood drained from his face, looked at his brother, his mouth working, but no sound coming out. What was there to say?
“We got his blood type today,” Gus continued. “There is no way he could be mine. I’m going to go on pretending he’s my son, but now you’ll have to pay. A grocer’s salary won’t be enough to pay for the care your son will need.” He looked at his brother again, this time with disgust. 
“Unless you want to tell our parents, I think this is the best way to handle it. My wife wants to stay with me,” he said with a different tone to the rest of his recitation, proud, with his head held high. There would be no threats, no if you come near her again speech. 
Gus was no match for Nick’s physical strength and stature. But he would keep his family intact if he could, swallowing his pride, trying hard not to watch for signs that they were still seeing each other. It wouldn’t be Gus’s style to spy on his wife or demand to know her whereabouts. He’d keep their secret.
However, his mother, the unnamed head of the family, already knew the truth. When Gus and Christina announced that she was pregnant, Eleni put her hand to her mouth; she knew right away that it wasn’t Gus’s baby. 
And when the little baby was born with so many problems, not even looking like he belonged to their family, with slanted eyes and a tongue too big for his tiny mouth, she feared for him, believing in an archaic notion that he was being punished for his parents’ stupidity. 
What would the rest of the family say? Bringing the baby home to live in the apartment was never an option. That apartment belonged to Nick and Eleni, and there was no way they would bring a child with that many problems into it. He needed to go where strangers would take care of him without the knowledge of his parentage.
Of course, once she held him, forced into it by her unknowing husband, Christopher’s sweet innocence overtook Eleni and she was smitten. But he was still not welcome to come home. It would be too disruptive, and they had a business to run. 
Eleni was gentle with Christina again; she was just a frail human being, not a conniving temptress. Nick was her oldest son, but she was angry with him. He was an intuitive man and it didn’t take long for him to notice that his mother had distanced herself from him and Paula. Without thinking of the consequences, he went to her and asked her, with attitude, what her problem was.
“Do you really want me to tell you?” Eleni asked with a low voice and narrowed eyes.
Nick felt like someone had thrown a bucket of hot water on him, like he had been caught in the worst of lies, a childish response for someone who had been generally honest and trustworthy most of his life.
Not willing to get into a match of the wills with his mother, he shook his head and left the room. He would avoid her for days until she drew him into conversation once again.
Paula didn’t suspect anything either. She was just as shocked as the rest of the family about the baby’s health. When a well-meaning but ignorant neighbor came by to inquire about Christina, and used the word r****d to describe the baby, Paula lit into him. She told the confused man that the baby had Down syndrome, a relatively new term in those days, and he was never to use the derogatory term again. He wasn’t to call him a mongoloid or handicapped, either. 
Christopher would never come to live in Greektown, so no one from the neighborhood would get to meet him anyway. It was sad, and a relief at the same time. The family couldn’t talk about it without someone crying, the men ashamed and the women heartbroken.
When Gus brought his wife home from the hospital a week later without the baby, it was both sad and anticlimactic. Anna had come into town to help Eleni take down the nursery that Christina had set up weeks before, the whole time Eleni biting her tongue to keep from saying anything to her one wise daughter-in-law. 
Dealing with an ancient belief system, she blamed the baby’s condition on acts of sin his parents committed. The wages of sin are death. That he would outlive his mother and grandmother wasn’t an option. His delicate little body and huge physical problems, Eleni thought, meant death was imminent. When he defied the odds and lived, surgery after surgery, she couldn’t bear it and although she went to the hospital to see him, holding him and rocking him, it was at that juncture that the decision was made that she might not be able to have a relationship with her grandson. She didn’t have the courage to continue visiting.
Christina was angry that the nursery had been dismantled so soon; it was her job and one that she hoped to avoid, if she could convince her mother-in-law of the value of bringing the baby home. But she did penance and kept her mouth shut. 
After one last meeting with him, she tried to never speak to Nick again, guilt and regret driving most every move she would make. Like her mother-in-law, she believed the act of sexual intercourse had caused the damage to the baby. She could pinpoint each and every scripture that supported her guilt. 
As soon as she was able for a short time after the birth, when she wasn’t driving to or from the hospital to see her son, she served her husband in whatever way he would allow. She made sure that she did more than her share in the store, taking over the jobs she was capable of. Anything he wanted from her, she gave him. She would make it up to him somehow. Eleni saw her daughter-in-law’s devotion to Gus, and Nick’s broken heart, and put the knowledge she had gained into the deep recesses of her brain. It was as though the affair had never happened. Almost.
Chapter 29

Never had Albert Wong looked forward to the weekend more than he did this week. Even though it was still early in the week, he was exhausted and disgusted from having continuous contact with Marianne and Jacob Parker, and longed for a few days of down time with Roger. 
As he got off the elevator and walked to his apartment, he could smell faint food odors and was grateful that Roger thought of dinner. Albert usually didn’t mind picking something up on his way home, but tonight he was so scatterbrained that the thought hadn’t crossed his mind. He’d had nothing to eat since that cream-filled monstrosity Jill shared with him hours ago for breakfast.
“I’m here,” he hollered, letting himself in the door. Roger leaned out of the galley kitchen and greeted him.
“I was just starting to worry,” he said. “Busy day?” Albert took his holster off with the gun still in it, and put it in a locked drawer in the cabinet by the kitchen wall. He walked into Roger’s waiting arms for a long overdue hug.
“It was gross, is what it was. A mother who raped her adorable daughter with a baseball bat because she disappointed her, and a father videotaped wearing his daughter’s bra and panties. It was a sight.” He hugged Roger back and then stepped away. “Let me get changed. What are we having?”
“Chinese,” Roger said.
“That’s what you’re having. What am I having?” Albert asked teasingly. Roger just laughed at him and shook his head.
“It’s Tuesday. Nana Wong is coming,” Roger explained. “She’s in the mood for Lim’s Gardens. Go get comfortable. She’s taking the bus, so you don’t have to go out. There’s a surprise for you on the bed.”
Albert walked through the living room to the hallway, glancing out the wide expanse of glass at the lights of the city of Windsor across the river in Canada. Albert loved their apartment. They’d bought it right after the building was completed fifteen years ago. Slowly, as the economy in general declined and Detroit hit rock bottom, unit after unit went into foreclosure. Roger and Albert were able to scrape up money from their retirement funds and that of Nana Wong’s to buy them at a steal. 
They were the majority shareholders in their building now, but it also meant sacrifice when something major needed replacing. Last summer the air conditioners for the public spaces gave up the ghost, and there wasn’t enough money in the general fund to pay for replacements. Roger, Albert, and Nana Wong had to dig several hundred thousand dollars out of loans and personal money, but it was worth it. 
As of last month, all of their units were rented for top dollar, six units they didn’t own that had gone into foreclosure were sold, and the building was full again. It had a reputation for being well-run with a general fund that was finally doing well, thanks to the stock market recovery.
Now, with their equity in the building, they were in a good position to buy their vacation home in Saugatuck, and help Nana Wong find her retirement dream home. Albert entered their comfortable master suite. 
On the bed was a bag from TJ Maxx. Uh oh, Albert thought, thinking he may be getting new clothes he wouldn’t like. He and Roger had different ideas about what Albert should wear. But it wasn’t clothes. They both loved anything that reminded them of the beach, and he’d found sheets printed with star fish and coral, not exactly lake motifs, but lovely just the same. There were matching towels and soap dish. Roger thought the same thing Albert was. Time to buy at the lake.
There was only a short time before Roger retired, and if the state of Michigan didn’t tank and go bankrupt, he’d have a comfortable pension to look forward to. There was nothing he loved more than to pamper Albert, to make sure he had a relaxing evening after his hellish days as a Detroit cop. 
He puttered around their kitchen, setting the table with good china and silver, along with fresh flowers from the market in the city center. Even if he was serving just pizza, Roger made sure they ate in luxury. Nana Wong enjoyed it too.
“How is it that my men set a better table than I do?” she would ask. Albert reminded her of the family dinners they had years ago, all prepared by her. No men helped out in those days. She would shyly acknowledge it. “Yes, that’s true. At one time I could really cook up a storm. No one to cook for anymore!” Her boyfriend was health-conscious, which ended Nana Wong’s frying extravaganzas; those would be the most missed by Roget and Albert. She’d take wonton wrappers and fill them with everything from diced shrimp to chocolate pudding.
“We’d be as big as houses if you still cooked like you used to, Nana,” Albert reminded her. They had a delightful meal together. Roger brought up the subject of vacation houses again, a favorite of the threesome. “I think we need to go to Saugatuck this weekend, what do you two think?”
“I’m ready,” Albert said. Nana Wong nodded her head, hiding a big yawn. She was ready to get out of the city. They’d drive her back to Tireman before it got too late, and have an early bedtime. They were all growing old.
Chapter 30

By midnight, Jill had had enough poker and emotion. She gave Alex the heads up.
“Papa, I’m going to get going. Don’t anyone get up. I’ll see you all tomorrow,” she said, loathing a big hug-fest upon her departure. Gus alone walked with them down the stairs to the door which led out to the streets.
“I love you, Papa,” she said, as she hugged Gus. He hugged her back. There was nothing more to say to each other about the revelations made. “See you in the morning? I mean, I am still welcome for breakfast, correct?” 
He hugged her again, and chuckled, nodding his head. He didn’t trust his voice to answer.
“Okay, well tomorrow morning it is,” she said. 
They left to walk to her car in silence. It wasn’t until they closed their doors that she looked at Alex, and just shook her head.
“I didn’t have a clue. Not one iota of a clue. How dense can one person be?” 
She had her hand on the key, waiting, still in shock.
“Why are you at fault? It seems no one else knew either,” Alex answered. “Boy, talk about a shocker. I wonder what shape Nick’s wife is in.” 
Jill finally turned the key and the motor started. The streets were deserted of people or moving cars. She drove slowly, letting the night’s events flow over her.
“Well, it answered one question; why Paula never liked me,” Jill confessed. “I bet she thought I was Nick’s, too. That’s what I thought at first, did you get that? I thought my father was about to tell the roomful of people that I wasn’t really his. It’s why I told him I had changed my mind. I didn’t need to know. Jesus! My mother! Who da thunk!”
 She maneuvered the car through the narrow streets of Greektown, cars parked on either side. They came to an empty space about a block from her apartment, just a few cars down from Alex’s car. They’d have to walk from there.
“Do you mind if I go home tonight? I’ll take Fred with me if you want,” Alex said. 
Jill didn’t need him to stay with her because she was upset, but it was strange timing, she thought. She looked at him, searching his face.
“Are you okay?” she asked.
“I’m fine, I really am. I have to work tomorrow so I can’t drink. It’s just, well...I’m feeling a little like I’d like to put paint to canvas.” He smiled at her sheepishly.
“Cool!” she responded. “Just remember, it’s already after midnight.” 
They walked to her apartment to get Fred. He was such a nice dog. She had forgotten about him cooped up all night. Alex bent down to kiss her.
“If you come over after the funeral, hopefully I’ll have something to show you,” he said. “Something new.” 
She was curious and excited. People were so amazing; you just never knew what would motivate someone to creativity. She was beaten down from the events of the past days and the disclosure this evening, but Alex’s optimism was contagious.
“Um, can I walk Fred with you? He can poop in this neighborhood as well as yours,” she said. 
Alex smiled and agreed. He wouldn’t have to keep watching over his shoulder if he walked Fred here; it was a safer neighborhood. They strolled the dark street, rehashing the details of the night. She couldn’t see her mother and her Uncle Nick together. Her mother was in awe of Nick, always talking about how handsome he was, how nervous she felt around him. And all along, she had slept with him. It gave her a view of her mother that she had never had before. My mother the seductress. Could it be? Or was it all Nick’s fault?
“I can’t dwell on this; do you know what I mean? It’s one thing to think she was coerced, or even swept off her feet. But I remember the way she used to speak of Nick, and it wasn’t in a naïve way. Oh boy, did I need this right now? Thanks, Aunt Paula! You’re the best!” 
Alex hugged her with his free arm as she talked, with his other hand holding Fred’s leash. They had to stop so Fred could sniff around the weeds at the edge of the sidewalk.
“Every family has some secrets,” Alex said, in an attempt to make her feel better. It did, but only marginally.
“I’m not sure I care about the secret part,” she said. “It’s more like, who was my mother? How could she sleep with someone like Nick, who I’m sure had a dark side, and then my father, who is the sweetest man? It’s such a contradiction.” She shook her head in disgust. “Honest to God, between my cousin’s wife being murdered, the Parker’s antics, and Aunt Paula, I have had it with family.” 
They returned to her apartment. Alex went up the stairs with her, but stopped at the door.
“I’ll call you in the morning, okay?” he said. They kissed good night, and Jill scratched Fred behind the ears.
“Take good care of Freddie, Al.” 
She let herself into the living room and shut and locked the door behind her. She walked to the window to look down and see if she could see Alex walking to his car with their dog. It was moonless, but the stars were bright. She could see the freeway and hear the noise; between buildings, she saw the river too and the lights of a freighter, chugging toward Lake Erie.
Jill was glad she was alone. It would force her to confront something that had bothered her all evening, but that was never addressed. If Chris wasn’t Gus’s son, why didn’t Nick claim him and bring him home? Gus said that it was his mother’s decision to keep the child in an institution. What exactly was his role in keeping Chris away from home? It was all intertwined. 
Her mother was killed because she drove to Plymouth every day. Gus allowed it. Jill moved away from the window, but continued gazing out over the city while sitting on the edge of an overstuffed chair. Leaning back into the comfort of it, every muscle in her body hurt. She sat up abruptly; slipping into self-pity was not an option. She would do yoga until she was tired enough to fall asleep.
It would take an hour of stretching and poses, but soon she was relaxed and her mind was finally at ease. What was done was done. She wasn’t going to start judging people now, especially the dead. As she lay on the floor, Jill made a resolution of sorts. She would be grateful for her life, and make sure that those who she loved knew it.
***
Fred the bulldog got into the front seat of Alex’s car and promptly went back to sleep. They would have a short ride, but he was tired and didn’t want to miss out on one second of rest. Alex found a spot to park directly in front of his apartment.
“Come on, Fred,” he said to the dog, patting his head. “Let’s go.” Fred jumped down, though not without difficulty. Alex took a short walk past a weed-covered lot in case Fred needed to go again. It was getting late, and Alex wanted to get inside and start sketching what had popped into his mind at Gus’s apartment. 
He had never painted a portrait in his life, and realistic painting, sort of what he did in his new landscape where the viewer could actually make out an image rather than having to guess what it was, was new to him. 
The idea would not go away. He thought of it for the hours that he sat with Jill’s family that night, obsessing over each line, which color would go where. He saw the painting done. Now he simply had to execute it. That’s the easy part, right?
His skills were getting better and better, so he wasn’t afraid to do the work. He was happy to get started tonight or he realized work would be intolerable tomorrow, concentration on anything else impossible. 
He and Fred went inside, and Fred got up on Alex’s recliner, his spot for the night. Alex quickly changed his clothes. He had a piece of gessoed Masonite ready to go. He got his palette and put a clean sheet of waxed paper on it. He’d place the paint palette in his freezer when he took a break. 
But first he would sketch out the drawing he had fantasized about all evening. The memory of it flowed perfectly from his brain to the hand holding the pencil. 
In reality, the subjects had never sat together before. It was a conglomeration of photos he had seen, with made up clothing and colors he thought were pleasing together.
He sketched for thirty minutes and then found his paint case; he got tubes large and small, and began to squeeze paint out on the waxed paper. The brushes he used were stored immaculately in mason jars lined up on the window of his one room apartment. He mixed and applied paint for hours. 
Finally, at four in the morning, he’d reached his limit. He didn’t need to be up until eight; he would have to be okay with four hours of sleep. He put his palette carefully in the tiny, empty freezer. As he walked slowly back to the area where his easel stood, he put his hands up to his face, frightened to look at his work too closely, but knowing that if there were major changes to be made, he needed to do it now, while the paint was still workable. 
Walking around to the front of the painting, he gasped with joy. It was exactly what he had in mind. The proportions were lovely, the colors vibrant so far. He lowered the thermostat, just in case it didn’t look as good in daylight. Hopefully it wouldn’t dry out too much. He stripped his clothes off and dived onto his cot, falling asleep immediately.
Chapter 31

Marianne Parker was having a miserable night in jail. She realized that this was a temporary place, and that once she was sentenced, she would have a permanent cell in a prison outside of the city. 
She’d probably have to share a cell; after sleeping in a room alone for most of her life, that would be the most difficult thing to adapt to, the lack of privacy. She also wore ear plugs; the simple sound of the furnace blower going on, or the wind hitting the window of her bedroom would wake her, and she often found it impossible to fall back to sleep. Would she be able to get ear plugs in jail? 
She sat on the edge of the cot in the jail cell, looking at the paint chipped table, the rickety chair, the water-spotted aluminum toilet. The cell smelled like urine. She thought a man must have occupied it before she did, peeing all over the floor like they were known to do, and that no one had washed up before she was placed there.
Hands folded in her lap, she bowed her head and closed her eyes. Her thoughts were calm for a woman who had just confessed to assaulting her own daughter. The detectives would be back in the morning to get her statement when her attorney could get there. She didn’t want to relive the details of that night. As she remembered what she’d done to her daughter, her blood pressure slowly climbed. The assault wasn’t the worst of it.
They had driven to their storage locker after the hotel incident. Jacob had gone there with one motive, and that was to get to a private place where they could punish Gretchen without the neighbors hearing. It was bad enough that her picture was posted all over the TV and newspapers with the word Missing. Now they would know she had joined an escort service. Oh God, the humiliation. 
As they stood in the locker, Gretchen cried hysterically, clinging to Marianne’s pristine blouse. She slapped away Gretchen’s clawing hands from her chest, but the child must have known what was going to happen. It fueled Marianne’s anger, seeing Gretchen out of control like that.
“Momma, I’m sorry! I am so sorry!” She repeated it over and over. Marianne sneered at her with contempt.
“What are you sorry for? Which thing, Gretchen; the affair with your dad? Or being a whore? Which is it?” So close to her daughter, she could smell her familiar smell of soap and water, her breath warm and sweet. “You’re a virgin, so then what were you and Daddy up to? Tell me Gretchen, I’m confused!” She shook her daughter, trying to understand what it was they were doing together. She knew it was sick, but was it just playful? Or sexual? How long had it gone on? She’d never get an answer from Jacob, and she had to know.
“We didn’t do anything, Momma! He couldn’t,” Gretchen whispered. “We just fooled around; I swear to you.” 
Hearing her daughter speak like that, admitting they had attempted intercourse but thank God, Jacob’s dick wouldn’t cooperate, enraged Marianne. She gasped, but caught herself in time, not allowing the tears to begin. 
Examining her daughter’s face, she tried to understand what had happened. Did boredom and the comfort of home lull her husband and daughter into a false sense of security, so that innocent play turned into something sexual? She wanted to find the thing that would justify what Jacob had done, so she could forgive them and move on. At what point did they cross a line?
“When did it start?” Marianne asked softly. “How often did you play around?” 
It was so quiet in the locker; she could only hear their breathing. Jacob was in the car, waiting for, what? Obviously not thinking the bat treatment had been enough, he wanted Marianne to punish their child for making them worry. Jacob didn’t know yet that Marianne had discovered the relationship he had with Gretchen. Marianne’s body responded to the stress by shedding tears without her crying. The water poured from her eyes.
“I don’t remember exactly, Momma. I think when I twelve or thirteen. You weren’t home. I got my period. Dad helped me with my bath all the time. It seemed natural to go to him and ask him for help,” she said, sniffing. 
Marianne was shaking, appalled. She wanted to lock her child in the locker and leave her there. It would be safer to pretend none of this had happened. Who heard of such things? A loving father turned molester? A perfect daughter turned prostitute? At first, she wanted to believe that Gretchen was innocent. But hadn’t she seen her daughter exposing herself to her father? Jacob probably just couldn’t resist. He was more interested in wearing Gretchen’s underwear than seeing her in them.
“But you need to tell me the truth, Gretchen. You need to tell me what Daddy did to you.”
“Okay, Momma, I’ll tell you everything. I’ll tell you the truth,” Gretchen said. 
Marianne prepared to push her daughter down on a box so they could sit and have an old-fashioned mother-daughter chat, but suddenly the door to the locker slammed up against the wall and Jacob was in the doorway with his old service pistol. He was crying and shaking, but when he fired, it hit Gretchen perfectly in her heart and with such force that she flew into the air, landing on top of the pile of cardboard boxes her mother was going to have her sit on.
Gretchen died immediately, before she could tattle on her father. The rest of the evening went by in a blur. There was a bathroom on site at the storage facility where they washed her up. Jacob kept saying they needed to take her back to the hotel in Greektown, so whoever she was with there would be blamed. He found a big tarp to wrap her body in to keep the trunk of his precious car clean. The last thing Marianne did to Gretchen before they threw their daughter’s body out onto Cass, was to pass a comb through her gorgeous hair.
Marianne actually talked herself into believing that they wouldn’t get caught. When the police called the house Monday morning, Jacob’s histrionics stemmed from remorse and shame, but it served to get them two more days of freedom. He sure wasn’t acting like a guilty man acted. He used those two days to browbeat his wife into believing she was an accessory, and just as guilty as he was. 
Now, sitting in the jail cell, she couldn’t bear the pain. Her anger at Gretchen succumbing to Jacob was spent. She was a silly young girl, after all. She probably didn’t have enough common sense to know that a sex game with one’s father was sick. Any more than she would know that dressing up like a whore and being someone’s escort was unacceptable, as well.
Marianne shook her head. Why did it happen? She would never know. She glanced down at the leg of the cot with its sharp metal edge, and the cotton sheet on the mattress. Not planning to take her life at first, it suddenly seemed logical. She took the sheet and tore it into strips, using the sharp edge of the cot leg to get it started. She knotted it securely, noting the metal cage around the light bulb with its two-fold use; to prevent bulbs from getting broken and to provide a place for hangers to tie their nooses. She struggled to get the table below the bulb, and then put the chair on the table. For an old lady I’m pretty agile, she thought. 
She climbed on the bed and then onto the table, and then carefully, up on the chair. She got the sheet knotted around the cage and then a foot or so down, around her neck. It was simple to push the chair off the table with her foot so it would fall on the cot and not make any noise. She wanted to be sure she was dead before they found her swinging.
Chapter 32

Jill didn’t get much sleep after all, but the three hours she got were deep and restful thanks to the yoga. The jail called her at four to tell her about Marianne Parker’s suicide. She couldn’t believe it. Now they would have to rely on Jacob’s testimony alone for the facts. Not able to go back to sleep, she decided to go into the precinct to get as much done as she could before Dana’s funeral. She might go see Jacob before breakfast.
For a brief moment or two, she allowed some sadness to come into her thoughts. Senseless deaths and family secrets. They sure all had them. She thought of her father and his archaic ways; maybe he clung to those old-fashioned beliefs because in doing so, he thought he could protect his daughter from the ways of her mother. Jill imagined how scandalous it would have been if the affair between Nick and her mother had been made public in the family when it was happening. The birth of Christopher would have made a field day for gossips. 
She thought of her brother, and the sadness increased. She never saw him interact with the family, yet many of them visited him regularly and had relationships with him. Had anyone ever planned an event where the whole family got together to see him? What would he be like in a circle of his friends and relatives? She would think about it for a while. Maybe it would be her responsibility as the sister, to plan something like it in the future.
She went to the precinct and got the CSI report from the storage locker in Allen Park. Even though three days had passed since the murder, it was still a gruesome site, the blood still appearing bright red, pieces of her heart and what Jill imagined was Gretchen’s back skin sprayed all over the contents of the locker. It was pretty simple to see that whoever had shot her stood in the doorway. Gretchen had been standing halfway into the locker, in front of the boxes. He was either an expert marksman or extremely lucky. 
When Marianne alluded to responsibility for the killing, Jill didn’t believe it. She poured a cup of coffee and picked up the case file; she’d walk over to the jail to see Jacob. Walking through the tunnel from the precinct to the jail gave her a feeling of entitlement. She belonged there. The precinct was her home away from home.
Other night owls passed by her, clerks or cops working swing shift, and they acknowledged her as someone who was familiar, who was there to stay. She took the stairway instead of the elevator. 
The officer at the desk looked at her badge, and buzzed her into the section in which Jacob was held. A chaplain had recently visited to tell Jacob about Marianne’s suicide, and Jill could hear sniffing and soft crying sounds. Poor Jacob.
He could hear footsteps coming toward his cell and, just as Jill came into view, he wiped his nose with the back of his hand and stood up. Jill dug through her pocket for a tissue and stuck it through the bars. He took it from her.
“Did you hear?” he asked. “I can’t believe it.” 
Jill got a definite feeling from him that worry about placing the blame for Gretchen’s death on his late wife bothered him more than her suicide.
“I did hear. I’m sorry for your loss, Jacob. Do you feel up to talking to me about Gretchen, or would you like me to come back later?” 
Jill kept her facial expression as neutral as she could, but there was a tick in her left cheek, a muscle that wouldn’t stop twitching. She often got the tick when she felt she could pummel someone with her fists.
“I can talk now. What’s the point of waiting? They are both dead. There is nothing left for me to live for.” Jacob lowered his head, plunked down in his chair, and started to blubber again. “Gretchen was my life. I loved her like a man loves a woman. But I swear to God I never had sex with her. My wife was like a maniac about finding her in the casino, and she’s the one who did the bat thing. I would have never been able to hurt her like that! Oh my God!” He dissolved into a mess of tears, a real show of emotion. Jill was disgusted.
“Pull yourself together, Mr. Parker,” Jill said, with as much compassion as she could muster, glad he was behind bars for his own safety. “Falling apart won’t do either woman any good now.” She wondered if his attorney had told him about the video of him with Gretchen. “Tell me about you and Gretchen,” she asked, stomach turning. “You were a devoted father, but what’s this about ‘loving her like a man loves a woman’? That’s not okay, you realize that, right?”
“So what are you gonna do about that? She’s dead! My wife killed her!” He started sobbing again. Jill decided that she felt too antagonistic to interview Jacob without making him the same way. She turned to walk away from him, but he called out for her not to go. “Don’t leave! I’m sorry!” Then, more crying. Jill had about had it with him, dead family or not.
“I’ll stay if you start talking about what happened in that storage locker. And don’t lie. The blood spatter told a story that will hold up in a court of law. You’re a cop. You know what I am talking about.” Jill picked up her phone and dialed the guard.
“Can I get a chair in front of 226?” she asked. 
She put her finger up to Jacob to signal one minute, and walked toward the guard who waited at the gate for her. She thanked him and walked back to Jacob’s cell. She remembered the jail scenes in Silence of the Lambs and snickered. 
Placing the chair against the wall in front of Jacob’s cell, Jill sat down and got out her notebook to take notes. She set a small recording device on the floor next to her chair. Albert had already interrogated Jacob, but that was before Marianne died.
“Tell me about Sunday night,” Jill said. She waited for Jacob to talk, doodling while he composed himself. “Take your time.” 
She let a little breath out, just enough to let him know she was losing patience.
“This isn’t easy,” he said defensively.
“I’m sure it isn’t,” Jill replied.
“We were sure she was already dead when we hadn’t heard from her by Sunday morning. But I needed to know what happened to her. I left the house again Sunday evening, and stopped by a bar on Michigan Avenue near Greenfield. It was one that I knew Gretchen had gone to with Mike. Not many people from the west side of town go there.” That was Jacob-speak for Arab hangout. 
“I got into an argument. A cop I know from my time on the force came in to break things up before it got physical. He’d heard about Gretchen, and suggested I check out the casinos. We’d never thought of that. It wasn’t Gretchen’s style. But because she had been with Mike, we didn’t know what to think.
“We went to Greektown. I couldn’t believe it when I found her there. I almost didn’t recognize her. The look on her face, well, she was shocked, to put it mildly. ‘Daddy?’ she said.” Jacob laughed. 
Jill could picture the scene, the young woman caught by her perverted father, because she had seen it in a vision. The realization gave Jill goose bumps. Mike Ahmed would be the next person she would visit that day. Dana’s funeral in Novi slipped from the top of Jill’s priority list.
“I put my arm out for her to take, like we were at a prom,” Jacob continued. “Truthfully, I wasn’t as angry as Marianne was. She was steaming. Of course I found out later, just why. She had videotaped me horsing around with Gretchen. It was innocent, I swear to you. We never kissed, or anything like that. We were like a couple of kids playing doctor.” Jill couldn’t believe her ears. Didn’t this asshole know he was admitting to a crime? It didn’t make any difference that the victim was dead. She told him that he should have an attorney present. He refused, saying, “I have nothing to hide.”
“She took my arm, and I led her out of the casino. I felt proud to have her on my arm, she was that gorgeous. My wife waited in the car. When we got to the car, I remembered the bat. She said it was to ward off any thugs who might take exception to our taking Gretchen with us back home. 
“When she saw the way Gretchen was dressed, and heard that she had gone there with a man after signing on with an escort service, my wife went crazy. She yelled at Gretchen to tell me where to go to get her clothes. She wanted to know what Gretchen had done all weekend. The poor kid started to tell Marianne, not understanding she was digging her own grave. 
“She said she thought she was signing on with a modeling agency, but that it turned out to be a legitimate escort service. I laughed. There is no such thing. But even with Marianne freaking out, I wanted her to keep talking. I needed to know who set her up. Of course, it was Mike Ahmed, but I wanted to hear it from Gretchen’s mouth.
“She said she’d had two dates so far and the men were very respectful. A weird name with a B, and a guy named Tommy. I thought Marianne would have a heart attack. 
“We got to the hotel and went to Gretchen’s room. Marianne was on a witch hunt. She insisted on checking Gretchen to see if she was a virgin. She swore neither man had touched her inappropriately, but Marianne was livid. She used the bat on my daughter!” Jacob lowered his head and started crying again. “It was awful. I could hear her screams coming from the bathroom. Marianne yelled at me to turn the TV up. I could still hear her, begging her mother to stop.
“When Marianne was finished, we went to the storage locker. We were afraid someone would have heard the noise and called the police. Marianne said she was going to question Gretchen about the evening, and didn’t want the child’s recriminations heard in our neighborhood. We had gone to the locker for arguments between the two of us in the past; I didn’t think anything of it.” 
Jacob lowered his head again. Jill felt that he was making a decision here. He was going to either tell the truth, or fabricate a lie. When he raised his head again, she knew she was not going to get the truth. His face gave him away.
“I heard Gretchen arguing with my wife and Marianne threatening her to shut up. I left the car then and, just as I opened the door to the locker, I saw Marianne take my service pistol out of her pocket and shoot our daughter.” 
He sobbed again. Jill knew that if she replaced Jacob with Marianne, she would have a scenario closer to the truth. She closed her notebook and stood up.
“What’d you do with the body?” she asked. He was struggling with his answer.
“We washed her off in the bathroom at the facility. Or Marianne did. She didn’t want me to see Gretchen naked. I still don’t understand why she wanted her clothes off. That was the worst part for me. When you asked me Monday morning what she was wearing, and I got so upset about her being naked, that was real!” 
Jill understood then that the parents may have hoped Gretchen’s naked body would be more difficult to identify than the one clothed in sweatpants brought from home. “There was a tarp in our locker and we rolled her body in it. We took her back into the city and left her where you found her. It was the most difficult thing I have ever done.” 
Jill found that hard to believe, but didn’t respond.
“Okay, Mr. Parker, that’s enough for today. If you can think of anything else, have the guard call me.” 
She smiled a big fake smile, picked up the chair, and walked away from Jacob Parker. Having to relive Gretchen’s last moments spent with her disrespectful, insane mother and father made Jill sick to her stomach. 
A memory came to her of when she was just seven years old, having forgotten to bring clean underwear into the bathroom where she was taking a bath, and of her mother knocking on the bathroom door and reaching through with her arm to hand her daughter what she needed without invading her privacy. 
The idea that Gretchen submitted to Marianne’s vaginal exam, the total invasiveness of it, was shocking. Why did she? Had Jacob and Marianne cultivated every bit of self-reliance out of their daughter so that she would expose herself in such a way? Or was she used to baring it all to her parents? And why didn’t Jacob stop his wife from using the bat on his daughter, instead listening to her screams and trying to cover them up with the television? 
Jill found that she was more angry than sympathetic about Marianne’s suicide. She wouldn’t suffer punishment now for what she put her own flesh and blood through.
When she got back to the precinct, Albert was there waiting for her. They would talk to Mike Ahmed together one more time. He had been warned to stay in town or else. Aaron Barry ended up being a godsend; he made regular passes by Mike’s house and often followed Mike’s car when he was driving through town.
“What happened to your funeral?” Albert asked her, as they got into the unmarked car. Jill was driving.
“We have this last interview to do. I heard that he may be asked to testify on behalf of Jacob, and I wanted to make sure that we had what we needed from him before the defense got their claws into him.” 
When Jill heard that it was possible that Mike would be called as a witness for the defense, it made her skin crawl. The prosecution needed every bit of evidence that was used to facilitate ending Gretchen’s life. If the defense could prove that Mike Ahmed was in any way connected to Gretchen’s murder, it would cast reasonable doubt on Jacob.
When Mike Ahmed came to the station for questioning the night before, he’d sworn that once he handed Gretchen over to Soud he had left and never saw her again. The videotapes clearly showed Mike bringing Gretchen into the Greektown hotel late Friday night, but then leaving again within minutes. Jacob and Marianne said they found him at his house in east Dearborn early the next morning, and that it had appeared like they woke him up. 
A search to find Soud was underway; she was wanted for questioning. The hotel clerk who looked the other way on the comings and goings to room three forty-six was interviewed, and swore that she didn’t know Soud, or that Mike Ahmed was a regular. 
The hotel was a dead end. Jill felt defeated. She had a horrible feeling that Jacob Parker was going to walk free. 
Then out of the blue, a wonderful discovery; his service pistol was found in a safe box screwed into the undercarriage of Gretchen’s bright red Malibu. It was covered with Jacob’s prints; Marianne’s were absent. The empty case was missing, but the projectile had been found buried among the boxes spattered with Gretchen’s tissue and blood. It matched the gun.
Albert said it first: “I am so fucking sick of this case. Thank God it’s over for us.” He had his arm around Jill’s shoulder as they walked to the car.
“Do you want to come to my father’s for dinner tonight? Greek food,” she promised. He nodded his head.
In three days they’d put together a case that would win a guilty verdict if all went according to plan. Jill could get back to her life for a while.
Chapter 33

Dana’s funeral was heartbreaking; her parents were inconsolable. They agreed with Andy that it would be too overwhelming for Dana’s boys, so the two stayed back at the grocery store with Maria. Big Andy and Anna and their son went in the same car with Gus. Jill decided she could make it after all; Dearborn and Mike Ahmed were not that far from Novi.
Dana’s family declined coming into the city for dinner. Jill was going to go by Alex’s beforehand to see the painting, her curiosity getting the best of her. As she pulled in front of his apartment, she saw him pull up behind her in her rearview mirror.
“Hey! I beat you!” she said, joining him on the walkway. He kissed her, taking her hand as they walked, and when they got to his apartment could hear Fred breathing hard on the other side of the door.
“I’ll take Fred for a walk,” she said. “How was it today?”
“Three posts,” Alex said, referring to the number of autopsies they had. “One natural, one gunshot wound, one motor vehicle. I thought I might see you.”
“It must have gone to one of the other teams,” she said. “I ended up by going to Dana’s funeral.” Alex helped her put Fred’s collar and leash on. “We are invited for dinner tonight. Aunt Maria’s cooking, so you know it’s going to be over the top.”
“Okay, we’ll see. Hurry and take him before it gets dark,” Alex admonished. Jill took Fred to the driveway at the side of the house, while Alex prepared the showing of his latest work and glanced out the window every minute to make sure Jill was safe. He was ready for her when she came through the door five minutes later. The easel faced the doorway so when Jill came in it would be the first thing she would see.
It took her a full thirty seconds to realize that she was looking at a portrait of her family. A recent likeness of her father stood in the back of the group, with a young Christina sitting just below him to the left. Their two adult children, Jill and Chris, sat side by side, with Jill in the center. The faces were perfectly shaded, almost photo-like in their realism. Alex was in the process of finishing the bodies. Christina’s was the last he had attempted, and he wasn’t sure if he would complete her body or not so although her head and face were finished, the rest was a penciled sketch. It appeared to Jill that her mother was fading from their realm, and the effect was intense and emotional. Her hand went to her throat in surprise.
“Oh Alex, it’s just wonderful. The word trivializes what I am feeling, but there is no other.” She looked at him, her eyes bright. “That’s my family.” 
She went to embrace him and, no longer able to withstand the tumultuous feelings in her heart, began to cry. He was moved and pleased, although his intention hadn’t been to upset her. After having witnessed the travesty Paula had succeeded in initiating yesterday, Alex wanted to do something that would solidify in Jill’s mind that her family was still intact. It came to him as naturally as one of her psychic episodes came to her, so strong that he thought for a moment she might have been signaling him with her brain. He told her as much.
“I thought you might be trying to send me a message. The impulse to paint was so powerful last night, even the technique I would use and the way I would position the four of you came to me, not exactly in a vision, because I am afraid to use that word. It didn’t occur to me until later that what I was experiencing was sort of a divine inspiration.” He laughed. “Now that would really please my mother!” 
They stood together viewing the painting, and at that precise moment, they decided it was finished.
“Can we take it with us to the store? I want my father to see it, my father and the rest of the family who suffered through that charade last night.” 
They were also taking Fred. Aunt Sophie wasn’t going to be thrilled. Although somewhat of a germaphobe, she loved dogs as long as they were well-behaved and didn’t get up on furniture or people. Fred was too chubby to do either. Alex nodded his head, somewhat embarrassed over what was sure to be a fuss made, in addition to commentary regarding the unfinished side of the painting. Not everyone would get it like Jill did. Jill decided not to warn her father, but to just appear with the painting and show it to the family, raw and unprepared as she had been. She was not expecting it, and it had taken her a few moments for the recognition to develop and when it did, the effect it had on her was overwhelming. She was hoping for the same thing for her father.
They went in without knocking on the outside door, as was the norm for Jill. She had Fred on his leash, and they were allowing him to lead the way. Alex and the painting, covered in plastic and carefully held away from his body in case it was still damp enough to smear, brought up the rear. 
Gus heard them on the stairs and waited with the apartment door opened. He bent over to scratch his grand-dog behind the ears. There was the usual assembly of family at the door when a newcomer arrived. They moved back to give the couple room to get through the door, especially when Alex walked through, balancing the large object carefully.
“What’s that?” Aunt Maria asked. Jill was grateful for her curiosity.
“Everyone, Alex surprised me with this today; he went home last night after midnight and painted it for us. Alex?” 
She stood aside and gave him room to hold the painting up. She helped him peel the plastic off. The audible gasp was one of pleasure, and for several of the older people, emotion. Gus was caught off guard, like Jill was. Maria held her hands together at her chest and started to weep.
“Oh Jill, Alex, it’s so beautiful!” she said.
“Absolutely! Wow, that says it all, Alex,” Auntie Anna said, moved to tears.
“That’s my family!” Gus said proudly, repeating Jill’s pronouncement back at Alex’s apartment. “No matter what, that is my family.” 
He hugged his daughter and her boyfriend, then led Alex to place the painting up on the fireplace mantel. The conversation about the painting continued for the rest of the evening. Everyone agreed that Paula’s negative energy probably had something to do with the vibe Alex got.
“What amazes me about it is that I am about as spiritual as a rock,” Alex said. 
The women in the room murmured in opposition.
“Oh, I don’t know about that,” Jill told him. “You’re more in tune to me than you think. Remember last month when I said I wanted to go to Dino’s for lunch? You had already gone there and picked up exactly what I had been fantasizing about all morning.”
“You wanted Dino’s?” Gus asked, teasing.
“I wanted a chili dog, pop.”
“I’m not sure if a craving for Coney dogs can be called spiritual,” Alex countered, but the aunts would disagree, supporting their niece.
“Jill wouldn’t be with a dud,” Aunt Maria said.
“It just occurred to me that mother is younger than I am in the picture. It is the way I remember, her too,” Jill said. Nodding heads and murmurs of appreciation followed.
Everyone started moving toward the dining room so dinner could get underway, when the doorbell rang. Alex ran down the stairs and let Albert and Roger in. They joined in the chorus of accolades given to Alex. 
During dinner, Roger raised a toast, saying, “To Alex, a beautiful Polish man.” 
Everyone in the room laughed and said, “Hear, hear!”
 It would be another evening of conversation into the wee hours. Alex and Jill took Fred back to Jill’s apartment. Alex was going to spend the night because he wanted to make love to her; he felt so close to her at that moment it had to mean something special. Jill remembered her commitment the previous night that she would make sure those whom she loved would know it, and that night Alex did.
Chapter 34

When John and Liz Zannos attempted to drop the pathetic Nick off at his home in Brighton, they could see as they came up the steep driveway that Paula had done some decluttering. Fortunately, their house was on four secluded acres, so the embarrassment of having his underpants thrown onto the front lawn would be limited to Nick’s family. John saw it first.
“Oh Lord, someone’s pissed off as hell,” he said. Liz, who was semi-napping, sat up and looked, and Nick leaned forward from the backseat to look out the side window.
“Fuck.” Nick said. “Do you see any of my suits?” John stopped the car. The three of them gazed over the lawn. “Don’t get out,” Nick said. “I better go up alone. Who knows what kind of mood she’s in? She could have my gun out.”
“Don’t say that. Are you sure you don’t want me to come in?” John asked. “It might defuse the situation if an outsider was around.”
“Don’t get carried away, dear,” Liz said. “Nick’s right. We should let them have some privacy.” 
Maybe John’s right, Liz thought quickly changing her mind. God knew the two couples had lived through more trauma together with false smiles plastered across their faces. Why should they change their modus operandi now? They saw some movement in the front door, and then it opened and Paula came out. At first she seemed hesitant. She stood on the porch with her hands on her hips, glaring at the carload of people.
“She looks like a fishwife,” Nick mumbled. Liz swung her head around and gave him a dirty look.
“That’s not what we discussed earlier, is it brother-in-law? Be nice,” she admonished. Nick opened up the door to get out.
“You guys better clear out,” he warned. But then Paula started walking toward them, smiling. Liz thought, Uh oh. But it was going to be okay.
“I was hoping you would get home before it rained so you could help me clean this mess up. I went a little crazy,” she said. She looked in the car window at her husband’s family. “Do you want to come in? I fixed lake perch for dinner with cottage fries and coleslaw.” 
It was Nick’s favorite. Liz was suddenly saddened. Here, a woman’s life long companion had been discovered in infidelity, with a grown-up child, and she was the one doing the groveling. Liz inched her hand over to John’s. He looked at her, and she almost imperceptibly shook her head. She’d had enough of his family for one night.
“I think we’ve had it. We still have an hour more to drive,” John said. He very slowly started to back the car up. There was no point in beating around the bush. “Call me tomorrow, Nicky. Talk to you later, Paula!” 
Nick and Paula looked on as the car pulled away.
“I’m glad you didn’t want to stay,” John said. “How much are we obligated to take from those two? Jesus!” 
At the end of the driveway he pulled out onto the road, laying a little gravel dust for effect. Liz started laughing.
“If I get a chance, I am going to call her on every single thing she ever said to me, comparing our marriages. I think there might be a point in which two couples become too comfortable with each other, almost like interlopers. I’m sorry I allowed it, but sorrier I believed it.” Liz looked at John intently. “I have never been unfaithful to you, John.” 
And in return, John said, “Nor I to you. I may not have been able to show you the way you wanted, but I have always loved you.” He felt satisfied that he’d gotten his point across, and she could take it or leave it.
“But we do have a few things that we need to straighten out if we are going to stay married. For one thing, I don’t like you finding me things to do every day. I don’t want to do anything, let alone something you found for me,” he told her. 
Liz was appalled, but held her tongue, wondering silently how was she going to sit back and allow her husband to waste his life, and knowing too that it wasn’t hers to save.
***
Nick and Paula walked around their expansive, landscaped yard, picking up his underpants and socks, t-shirts, sweatpants and handkerchiefs from the ground. He was in a passive mood, empty headed and relaxed. There was nothing to do but clean up the mess and then face his wife. She would demand facts, and he was ready to give them. 
He was tired of hiding his other life, the life of a father of a son with Down syndrome. He wanted Chris to know, too, although the knowledge that Nick and not Gus was his father might be too difficult for him to comprehend.
When the last item of clothing was up off the grass, Paula went in with a bushel basket load and Nick followed behind her. He decided to allow Paula to start the conversation. He didn’t really have any complaints, except that being married to her for all these years was boring. It was a matter of comfort and convenience. 
She didn’t seem to notice when he was occupied elsewhere. She was beautiful in her youth, and would let him have sex whenever he wanted it. But now she’d let herself go, and he didn’t want her. She entertained his friends and family, kept a nice house and was a good cook. Nick was rarely home during the week when he was working, and so it was like having a live-in caretaker. What was there not to like? 
For some reason, she never got pregnant. He knew it wasn’t his fault, because of Chris. And then it was okay because Liz and John, who were their constant companions, also didn’t have a child. They didn’t investigate fully, either. 
Nick wondered why that was. Paula never came to him and asked if they could go to a specialist together. She liked their life the way it was. When they had been married about five years and didn’t get pregnant, she asked him one day if he thought just the two of them would be enough. He’d replied with a resounding, “Yes!”
“We can travel, have a vacation home; there are a heck of a lot of things we can do if we don’t have kids. “ 
Paula listened and believed what he said at the time. Now she was sure he said it so he could be free to do what he wanted, while she wasted time at a nursing job she wasn’t crazy about, waiting until she could retire. They’d been so selfish all along and now she was going to be punished for it.
It was two days before Dana’s murder, during one of Nick’s many absences, that Paula decided to do a thorough cleaning. She thought they should sell. The house was ridiculous; many-roomed and rambling, much too large for them. She started in the attic bedrooms, once her favorite place with sloping ceilings and cozy dormers. The walls were white painted wood paneling, and the furniture reflected the cottage theme. Each room had built-in bookcases and over the years she had stocked the shelves with volumes meant for her nieces and nephews. 
But none of them wanted to come to stay. The house wasn’t on water and was far from town, too quiet and boring for them. The bedrooms were perfectly decorated but lonely spaces. Liz and John and, rarely, Peter and Joan used them when they’d had too much to drink. The empty, unused rooms emphasized her failures in Paula’s mind.
The second floor housed the master bedroom, a spare room Nick sometimes used when Paula didn’t feel good or his snoring was out of control, and his large, bright office. It was one of the first rooms she decorated when they bought the house. There was a low ceilinged storage area in the front of the room where it faced the street, and two small dormer windows looked out on the manicured lawns. She placed leather wing-back chairs in the windows but they were never used. Nick was never home long enough to sit in one.
“What does a cop need with an office?” he’d asked her. 
Her father had one, and left her great memories of time spent visiting him in his own space. Nick never had a place in the house that Paula could say, “That’s Nick’s.” He didn’t putter in the basement or have a work area in the garage. 
He knew where the alcohol was kept so he could make his brothers and their wives cocktails when they visited, and that was about it. He was like a visitor there himself.
So it was in this atmosphere of disconnection that Paula felt perfectly justified in cleaning out the storage areas in the dormer spaces. It never crossed her mind that she would find something Nick didn’t want her to see. He rarely used the office; why would he hide anything there?
The first thing she came across was a box of Nick’s memorabilia his mother had assembled for him over the years and, when he finally got his own place, she’d felt safe handing it over to him. It didn’t look like he had opened it since. She rummaged through it and saw it was nothing more than some old schoolwork papers, drawings he had done as a small child, awards he had received for good behavior, and a few silly mementos. Basically, it was a box of junk only a mother would care about. When she couldn’t throw it away, she left it to the son’s wife to do so. 
Paula wondered if Liz and Anna had similar boxes in their houses. She shook her head in disgust; her mother-in-law was a peasant.
Behind the box of schoolboy junk were two cardboard boxes that had been moved from their first house, a two-story condo in town, and never opened again. Paula felt exasperated. It didn’t occur to her that the meaning behind the hidden boxes had their origin in the same place that the lack of Nick anywhere in the house came from. He didn’t feel safe there. The thing that was really him was stashed under the eaves. 
Paula took a razor blade cutter and slashed both boxes open. She lifted the content of one of the boxes, and found it was all of Nick’s State Police Academy notebooks. There must have been fifty of them. He had also packed away his diploma and several important looking certificates. 
Looking up at the wall behind Nick’s desk, she’d hung a portrait of herself, painted especially for Nick when she turned thirty. There was also a framed photo of Nick on the golf course at the Dearborn Country Club with his brother Andy, and another one at a course in Ann Arbor with Pete. 
She was suddenly embarrassed that she never thought in all these years that his police academy diploma might have been important to him. Oh well, she couldn’t read his mind, could she? Packing the notebooks and other papers back into the box, she pushed it out of the way and brought the last box forward. It was packed with legal sized envelopes, papers paper-clipped together, personal-looking letters written on stationery and other intriguing-looking items. One stuck out; it was a woman’s handwriting, written to Nick at his barrack address in Brighton.
Paula got up from the floor, grunting from the difficult position she had been sitting in, and shoved the other boxes back into the storage area. She picked up the last box, and took it up the flight of stairs to the attic bedrooms where she would be free to spread out. Nick never came up here, and if by chance he came home early, she didn’t want to have to explain. Her heart was beating a little faster, though.
She unpacked the box, and the feminine-appearing letters went in a pile to be looked at later, almost afraid of them. There were several eight by eleven envelopes with official looking return addresses, and a huge bundle of receipts. She started with the receipts, which appeared to be hand-written rent receipts made out to a group home in Plymouth. It took a few seconds, but then it hit her. Nick must have been helping his brother with Christopher’s expenses. He’s such a good uncle! Paula thought. 
But the more she leafed through them, she saw that he had been paying out a lot of money for years. He received some money from his parents’ estate that made their life more comfortable then it might have been, but they weren’t Roosevelt, for God’s sake. She thought of the overtime they both worked over the years. She was a little baffled by the generosity for the boy, but Chris was his nephew after all.
The first legal sized envelope had correspondence from a law firm in Northville regarding Christopher’s expenses. Now Paula was stymied. She had no idea what she was going to find. The last legal envelope spelled it out for her. It was DNA testing Nick himself had initiated five years earlier. It stated that there was a 99.98% probability that Nick was Christopher’s father. Paula still didn’t get it. Her initial thought was that Nick had provided the sperm for Gus and Christy to use for insemination. 
Then it hit her in the face like hot water; Nick had a son. It was her fault that they never had a child. 
In the next second, the feminine stationery caught her eye. Oh God. She reached for the pile; there may have been ten or twelve, and she leafed through them looking at postmarks. She arranged them from the newest to the oldest. They were written over a fourteen-month period. She picked up the newest first. With shaking hands, she pulled out the thin piece of paper and unfolded it so the writing faced Paula’s eyes. She didn’t know if she had ever seen Christy’s handwriting, but something was telling her she looked at it now.
Dear Nicholas, We are doing the right thing. It would have been tragic to break up two marriages. I know I wouldn’t have been able to live with myself hurting Gus. I am sick at heart about the baby, though. That is the only thing that keeps me thinking maybe we should be together. We could be together with our baby. I’ll never forgive myself for my role in his problems. It’s our sins that caused it. Our selfishness. Have a happy life, Nick. Give Paula the love she deserves. And then the coup de grace. Love always, Christy
Paula was astonished. When the hell did this happen? She counted back from the present, and what she thought Chris’s age was. How old was he, anyway? Paula rummaged through the rest of the papers until she found something that looked like another legal envelope. 
It was a letter from Gus and Christina’s attorney, serializing their agreement that Nick would pay for half the baby’s hospital bills or put him on his health insurance. Paula looked off into space. She thought she may have just discovered the reason for her husband’s eagerness to take care of health insurance issues, when other bills were all her responsibility. He had the kid on his policy. For years he had deceived her.
She couldn’t stand the thought of reading the rest of the letters yet, and would save them for another time. Boxing up the receipts and legal papers, she took them back down to the office, shoving the box behind the others in the storage space. She went into her bathroom and washed her hands and face. Looking at her reflection, all she could think of was, why? Why’d he do it? And the answer. How trite! she thought. Of course, Christy threw herself at him. Christy did it.
She remembered having to go to that apartment in the dead of winter for Christmas Eve when the old folks were still alive, and Eleni Zannos not acknowledging her daughters-in-law, except for Christy because she was Greek. Nick told Paula it was obvious to everyone that Paula hated being there, why did she think his mother wasn’t fawning all over her. It was like Corktown vs. Greektown all over again. His Uncle Joe from Windsor used to put up his baby finger and pointing to its tip saying, “If I had this much Irish in me, I’d cut the whole finger off.”
One thing was for sure, she wasn’t going to tell Nick what she’d found right away. She’d think about it for a few days. She was glad Nick was away, afraid she’d be unable to hold it in. She thought of writing him a letter at first, but nixed that. Too dramatic. One thing Paula wasn’t was a drama queen. Nothing else was coming to mind, however. She wasn’t a vindictive person. She didn’t know how to surprise someone, unless it was with a birthday cake. She decided to let things take their own course, but they bubbled up soon after at the family gathering. That snot Dana got herself murdered; Liz and Paula agreed she was probably messing around on Andy. 
And then suddenly, in the presence of the biggest snot of them all, Jill, the realization came to her. But it backfired. Paula had forgotten Gus might object. He’d grown some balls at the worst time, and took charge. She had felt so embarrassed when Gus told them to leave. To have Sophie and Maria look at Paula like she was the one to blame; it was too much. But she should’ve expected it. They’d come to the defense of their brothers no matter what the evidence against them.
Taking the car and driving home alone was invigorating. By the time she got to Brighton, the plan to get rid of his clothes was solidified. But she was immediately regretful. It was all he really had in the way of belongings, outside of the three meager boxes of trash in his office. She decided to make dinner for Nick in case he came home, and to pick up his clothes and try to get them put away again. He must have left with Liz and John shortly after she pulled away from Greektown. He saw what she had done. After Nick helped her pick his clothes up off the ground, they went inside the house.
“I don’t want any dinner, Paula. But we’d better talk.” He was pacing the floor in the kitchen, a big space dwarfed by their height. She felt claustrophobic. Maybe if they sat on the porch.
“Do you want anything to drink?” she asked. He shook his head. “Do you want to talk outside?” she pressed.
“Okay,” he answered. 
It was clear he wasn’t going to plead forgiveness. Had they ever had an argument that he took responsibility for? She was determined to keep her mouth shut and allow him to have his say. 
They walked out of the kitchen with its pervasive fried fish odor, and took their respective chairs on the porch, an underused space she had placed many of her hopes and dreams in, like the attic bedrooms. She’d visualized the two of them having breakfast on weekend mornings, or sitting there late at night with cocktails. The only time they actually used it was when Liz and John came. She had her morning coffee on the porch during the summer, so she could have a cigarette before she left for work. She could smell a faint, stale smoke odor now.
“I don’t care what I’ve done; that scene you made back at my brother’s house, making my niece your scapegoat, was really piss poor,” he said. 
Paula looked at him. She wished she had the courage to kill him. She knew where his service pistol was; it wasn’t that unheard of for a police officer to be murdered with his own weapon. 
But she wasn’t spending the rest of her life in jail because of him, so she kept her mouth shut. There would be nothing she could say to defend herself; he wasn’t going to apologize for an affair that occurred so many years ago. They were at a stalemate.
“So, what are you going to do?” 
She thought it was safest to let him make all the decisions at this juncture. He didn’t say anything for a moment, thinking about what Liz said about getting older, being cognizant of the effort it would take to split up.
“I’m leaving,” he said. He turned to look at her. He had no feeling left for her. “Do you want the house, or do you want to sell it?” 
Paula couldn’t believe her ears. Getting a divorce was the last thing she thought he would say. Wasn’t that what she should be telling him? She didn’t trust herself to say a thing yet. The house was too big for two people, let alone one. Where would she go?
“You just told me you were leaving. Can I have more than two minutes to decide the rest of my life?” 
A lie she’d told herself for years was that he was normal. “He’s just a man,” she’d say, when he would go off on a fishing trip for a week and not contact her the entire time. She’d convinced herself that incidents like his working double shifts that grew into three and four days away from home, where he claimed he was sleeping at the police barracks, were legitimate. Where was he? She’d never know now, because it was over. He was over her.
For a moment she allowed herself to imagine what life would be like without that constant tension of living with a man who didn’t love her. She always knew he was deceitful. She made excuses for him constantly. Liz and John would come for dinner midweek, and Nick would be nowhere to be found. Or she would have to drive alone to go to church with them, and Nick would show up at their house six hours later. 
But his absence was never discussed. They never questioned his behavior. He was a state trooper. His later years on the force were spent doing investigative work, and he always alluded to secrets and mysteries that he was unable to share. Now she wondered if it wasn’t some blonde instead.
She saw herself living in a brand new condominium in Ann Arbor. She loved it there. She had a nice pension and would be taking part of his, too. Her car was new and paid for, she had everything she needed. 
He sat there watching her, waiting for her to say something. To start a fight or begin accusing him. Instead, she smiled at him.
“Okay, my two minutes are up. Let’s sell the house.” He got up from the chair.
“I’ll get my clothes out tonight. Have your lawyer contact my lawyer.” 
He didn’t look at her again, but walked back into the house, leaving his soon to be ex-wife alone with the fried perch dinner. She stayed out there until she heard the garage door open and then close again. The sound of his car on the gravel driveway grew fainter. 
She finally went back inside, suddenly afraid. She locked the door to the porch and pulled the shades closed, going through the house making sure windows were locked, bolts were thrown. She closed the curtains on the first floor. Fear of her husband, a new sensation, pounded over her. 
Did he take his boxes? She ran to the second floor office and opened the storage closet door. Just one box remained, the one with his childhood mementos. The disregard that he had for his mother’s effort toward the box suddenly hit Paula, and she started crying with regret. She was sorry she had referred to his mother as a peasant. 
For every woman Nick had hurt, from the younger Christy who he probably bowled over with his charms, to Paula herself and how many women in between, she wept.
Chapter 35

The next morning, Big Andy went into Dearborn for a golf game with his buddies, armed with a list of items his wife needed from their house. Anna would spend the day in the city with her grandsons, getting them enrolled in school and preschool. They would be occupied from eight until four every day, leaving plenty of time for their father to take care of business in the store. 
Anna and Big Andy would come to help out with the boys, and take part as their new life began. Andy had been such a blessing and now they had their two little grandchildren. Anna continued to be occupied with the church and the mosque. Her parents were alive and very demanding of her. She better see them every few days, or else! She smiled thinking about her parents. Her life was full of interesting, useful activities.
Paula came to mind. What kind of day would she have? Her husband had been a cad, obviously. Big Andy confided about several instances where he had helped his brother out of jams regarding women. She didn’t want to hear any more. The revelation that Christopher was not Gus’s son but Nick’s had stunned her. Andy swore he knew nothing about it.
“You’re telling me that your brother had an affair with your other brother’s wife, and you knew nothing? You suspected nothing? I don’t believe you.” 

Big Andy saw fear in his wife’s eyes. It was too intense, the whole family thing. He was grateful his brother hadn’t involved him. Maybe his mother had known about it. It explained some things he had seen his mother do, like making sure Christina was always in her sight when there was a family gathering. He thought she had been overprotective of Christina, but the flipside was she allowed Christina to drive to Plymouth every day.
Andy was sure Nick and Chris were meeting there as well. He wondered if anyone else had put two and two together. He always thought it was a little weird that his brother was able to make the trip every day, and Gus wasn’t. Gus’s excuse was the store. He could never get away from the damn store.
Andy wondered if Gus knew that his wife and Nick were together in Plymouth. Andy didn’t share this observation with Anna, but Christina was the prettiest of the wives. She was the youngest, the fittest, and she was the only Greek. For some reason, despite being Syrian, Anna had been accepted immediately by Big Andy’s sisters. Liz, Paula, and Joan not so much. Sophie called them the English under her breath, or worse, the white girls.

Andy noted his mother, Anna was over the drama by the next morning, puttering around his new digs and glad that he made such a swift and thorough move from a place full of bad memories. She told him she thought he seemed fine for someone who had just lost his wife. 
But Andy had underestimated his capacity for grief. The funeral was surreal. There was a closed casket, for the expected reasons, but he felt drawn to it and spent all of the visitation standing at its head, trying to stay strong for his boys. 
In spite of their disintegrating marriage, he still loved Dana. He had been angry with her, devastated by her behavior, but there hadn’t been enough time to process the issues. She died before he could confront her, before he could have the last word. 
He worked around his new apartment with his mother; Gus gave him three bedrooms and a small full bath in the back of the apartment. Anna was already shoving things around to make it more user-friendly for a family with two kids. 
They’d use the smallest room as a sitting room, set up with the TV and living room furniture from the Novi house, and piles of toys that would be organized and sorted before the day was out. 
The boys were adjusting to the change; Greg, the older of the two, loved the store, and Gus was happy to have him come down and keep him company. He gave Greg the same tasks his parents had given Gus as a child; dusting canned goods, and dragging a little bucket of soapy water around to wipe off the legs of the tables and chairs. He had a small brush he could scrub with if he was in the mood. The floor was concrete, so it didn’t make any difference if he spilled water and suds all over the place. When he was finished, Gus would give him a mop to do the floor with. He knew to be careful if customers came in. It wasn’t apparent that the child had just experienced such a horrific event.

Jill got there for breakfast later than usual; she was concerned about interfering with the family in residence, but Alex encouraged her to keep up her usual schedule. Gus waited in the alley for her, as he had for years and years. He looked good; she was worried the unveiling of the previous night may have aged him, but on the contrary, he looked great to her.
“What’s going on, Papa? You’re looking good today.” 
She got out of the car and kissed him. He put his arm around her shoulder.
“What’s going on? I gotta house full of people, that’s what’s going on. It reminds me a little of the old days, when my mother and father were still alive, and you lived at home.”
Jill stepped into the store and saw Greg busily scrubbing the floor with a little scrub brush, soaking wet, but completely ensconced in the wonders of housekeeping. 
“He’s doing the floor behind the counter next, unless my sister-in-law comes in and calls Children’s Aid,” Gus said. Jill giggled.
“Albert called this morning,” she said, getting serious. “Evidently we are in some kind of trouble about the Parker case. I don’t care what it is, as long as it doesn’t compromise the trial. I am so glad I’m not the prosecutor in this one!” 
She thought of the possibility that everything would be blamed on Marianne, and that Jacob Parker might walk out of jail a free man. It made her sick. Alison, the prosecutor, found fault with the way some evidence was gathered: specifically, the video camera.
“I’m sorry I brought it up. Let’s talk about something else. How’re things going around here?” she whispered. 
“The boy, Andy, he’s not in such good shape,” Gus whispered back. My brother shouldn’t have golfed the day after the funeral. They act cheerful and keep saying how well he’s doing, but I see it differently.” 
It was so unlike Gus to criticize anyone, Jill wondered if there wasn’t something hidden going on, some deeper pain that he was unable to express. She imagined the outing he got, the humiliation of having his daughter alone know the truth about Nick being Chris’s father would be awful, but the whole family? Even Alex was there as a witness. She decided to bring it up and get it out on the table.
“Papa, about the other night with Paula and her big mouth. I wanted to talk more about it. I have more questions, but I don’t want to upset you.” 
Gus looked over at Greg, still scrubbing away, splashing water all over the place. It would be time to open for business soon, and they would have to clean the water up off the floor.
“You won’t upset me, Jill,” he replied. “What’s your question?” 
She had to turn her head to keep from smiling. She knew that his tone of voice meant just the opposite of his words: You’ll upset me, don’t ask questions. She forged ahead, deciding not to press her luck in case he did change his mind.
“How’d you do it? I mean, how’d you forgive Mom?” 
She knew he was expecting a question about her feelings. Gus got a set look on his mouth with a lowering of his eye lids, furtive. His only, beloved child was asking him to express feelings. 
He didn’t answer right away, remembering when he figured out that Christina and Nick were still seeing each other almost every day in Plymouth. Nick slipped up during a family dinner one Easter, about he and Christina having lunch at some coffee shop in Northville and running into Peter. Peter had never let it out that he’d seen them together. How Nick managed to get there daily from his post in Brighton was surprising. He must have wanted to see her awfully bad. 
Gus decided to only state facts, not conjecture, not anything that wasn’t absolute unless he spoke of his own feelings. That was the only thing he could be certain of, and it was all she was asking of him.
“I’m not sure I ever did,” he answered honestly. “I just moved on. The whole forgiveness thing is highly overrated, don’t you agree?”
 He said it with a smile and a wink. This was a Gus Jill didn’t know well, a deep thinker, someone who had been hurt to the core but who managed to put it behind him, without investigating whether or not he had been able to forgive his wife. 
For some reason, Jill felt close to tears. She’d always felt badly for her father because he was a widower at such a young age. 
“Don’t cry, honey. I’m fine. I’ve lived a charmed life. I have a beautiful, successful daughter, a business I love that was given to me free of charge, and family that brings me laughter. What more could a man ask for?” 
Jill had never thought of her father with another woman, but suddenly, she could see he would benefit from it.
“Why no woman since my mother?” She was walking out on a limb, but since it was no holds barred, she thought she might as well take the risk.
“Oh boy, now you’re on shaky ground,” he replied, laughing. “Don’t go there.” But Jill was intrigued.
“Papa, I’m signing you up online for Matchmaker.com,” Jill insisted. 
But Gus was mortified.
“I don’t think so! Isn’t it time you got to work?” he said, standing up to get her lunch.
Jill was laughing. Her father had never pushed her to leave.
“Okay, I do need to go, but I think I am going to do it, to sign you up. You’ll see, it will be great. There are ten women for every guy. It’s probably even higher in your age bracket.” 
She looked at him deadpan, and then burst out laughing. But Gus had had enough.
“Get going now! Here’s your lunch. Don’t insult a man in his own house!” 
She poured herself another cup of coffee while he teased her. She thought maybe they had reached a new level of maturity in their relationship, and it made her happy. 
He walked her out to the unmarked car like he always did, and took her cup of coffee from her so she could get in with her lunch. She stretched her body up, and stuck her head out of the window to kiss him.
“Bye, Papa, I love you.” she said. He handed her cup of coffee and said, “I love you, too, my mikri mou.” 
Mikri mou was a term of endearment Gus often used when he was saying good bye to his daughter; her job was dangerous and he worried about her. It meant my little one.
He felt the change in their relationship today as well. But even as she went off to work carrying her gun and being in danger, she was always his little girl. 
Something may have shifted slightly. Did it have anything to do with Jill knowing his frailty? That his wife chose to sleep with his brother, and he’d kept silent about it? Looked the other way for ten years while she continued to see him? No love is worth that humiliation. Why did he do it? He didn’t know.
Later that morning, his brother Peter had called to tell him Nick left Paula. 
“Get this. The wife is the injured party, and he leaves her. I tell you, our brother’s got some balls,” Peter said. 
Gus thought about it for a while, determined not to waste too much time dwelling on Nick. 
“I don’t even want to voice an opinion about it,” Gus finally said.
Peter felt embarrassed about the revelation the night before and had asked Gus why he didn’t kick Christina out and get a divorce? 
“I don’t get it. You knew, yet you let her do what she wanted.”
“Peter, I swear to you, it’s been so long ago that I don’t want to dredge it all back up.”
“I’m sorry,” Peter said. “I wish I could have helped you back then. You never let on.”
“We moved on. I didn’t know they were still seeing each other until the slip up. And I think I buried it. She died after that and it was pointless to dwell on it.”
And then, out of the blue, Gus knew why he stayed with her. He didn’t want Nick to have Christina. She wouldn’t have left town. She’d have stayed right there to be with Nick. Nick would bring her around the store, and Gus would be powerless to stop it, his parents doting on their oldest son as much as they did their youngest. 
Eventually, he had felt like their marriage was back on track – she got pregnant the next year and had Jill. The pregnancy was so different, so joyful and happy. 
But when Jill was just a few months old, the daily trips back to Plymouth started again, and of course, they were to see Nick, not just Chris. 
Gus felt awful. He had wasted part of his life married to a woman who couldn’t be trusted. He obviously wasn’t the only one who knew. Did the whole family know that his brother and his wife were cavorting? 
The only secret they really had was the parentage of poor Christopher, the recipient of their genetic material. He remembered his mother saying, “There’s never been anything like that in our family before,” looking over her glasses at Gus. 
For a second, he wished he’d outed them right then and there. But if he had, Jill wouldn’t have been born. He then had a hot flash and wondered, Is Jill really mine?
Chapter 36

Jill and Albert arrived on their floor at the same time. Albert had already been to the chief’s office, receiving the first of what would be several slaps on the wrist.
“Alison doesn’t think the video camera will be allowed as evidence,” he said, referring to the prosecutor. Jill stopped in her tracks.
“How can that be? You have Marianne Parker on tape saying it was okay to search Gretchen’s closet. She invited you in.” Jill was incredulous. “We have her confession on tape.”
“Evidently, because she’s dead it is considered our word against the rights of the defendant. Since the gun belongs to Jacob, an upstanding former officer of the law, it would naturally have his prints all over it. Marianne could’ve been wearing gloves. 
“Also, we have Mike Ahmed corroborating Gretchen’s virginity, as sick as that makes me. If she was a virgin, as Sam Wasserman believes she had been before the bat incident, it means her father didn’t have intercourse with her. I don’t care how old the child is, it should be classified as abuse if they are playing doctor. 
“But unfortunately, what I think about an issue doesn’t stand up in a court of law,” Albert said. “Leah Hachem will testify that Gretchen told her Jacob had been trying to abuse her since she was a child. But again, it’s hearsay. I feel like killing someone.” 
They went into their office, sitting down at their desks facing each other. Jill and Albert had been through a lot together over the years. A lot of disappointments, Jill thought. But not now. They would not give up on Jacob Parker going to jail for life.
“Okay, back up for a moment. We have the bat with cells from Gretchen’s cervix on the end of it from the Parker’s basement. Someone from that family killed her, and they were together when whoever it was pulled the trigger. This is just pissing me off.” She stood up again and started pacing. “I’m ready to stick my neck out. Want to go to Mike Ahmed’s with me?”
***
“This is starting to feel like harassment,” Mike Ahmed said, when he saw who was at his door. Doesn’t this guy ever leave the house? Albert thought.
“Look, there’s a good chance suspicion for Gretchen’s murder is going to be foisted on you, in order to cast reasonable doubt on Jacob Parker. Do you want that?” Jill asked. “We aren’t going to try to pin anything on you, Mike. We can’t promise you aren’t going to be in trouble for whatever your role was. But by staying silent, you are giving Parker’s attorney ammunition to put you up on the witness stand in defense of Jacob.” 
She was careful not to lie, but she was purposely trying to sound as dramatic as possible. It was working. Mike Ahmed stepped aside. Jill was surprised to see two middle aged people she assumed to be his parents sitting at his dining room table. He confirmed it.
“Mom and Dad, meet detectives Zannos and Wong. This is a regular UN in my dining room.” 
Mike’s father stood up to shake hands, and his mother smiled and mouthed hello.
“You can speak in front of my parents. They are here trying to decide if I should be sent to Lebanon to live with my grandparents, or be forced to get a job. I don’t want to do either.” 
Albert was appalled. Was it possible that these parents knew their son was a rogue? Mike picked up on their hesitancy to move forward out of respect for his privacy. 
“My mom is an attorney; not mine, but she can tell me not to answer for free.” 
He pulled chairs out for Jill and Albert. Albert nodded at Jill.
“Your son is in danger of being called as a witness for the defense. I believe that if it happens, he could be put in the position of taking some heat for a murder we investigated.” 
Jill weighed her words carefully; they didn’t need a witness-tampering charge on top of everything else. Mrs. Ahmed looked at her son with a strange mix of anger and apathy.
“I’m a tax specialist, Miss Zannos, not a criminal defense attorney. My son has taken the easy road, it seems.” 
She looked at her husband for confirmation, but he remained mute. 
“Does she know about you?” she asked Mike. He shook his head. “Mike’s a graduate of Michigan’s medical program. But he doesn’t care for medicine. Of course, no one bothered to tell us about it until we paid his tuition in full. There aren’t many jobs available for a medical school graduate who’s not a doctor.” 
Jill thought of one, but kept her mouth shut. 
“So! What do we do now?” Mrs. Ahmed asked. 
Jill looked at Albert, who was struggling to keep his eyes open.
“Mike needs to make sure we are aware of everything there is to know about his involvement with Gretchen Parker. I mean everything,” Jill said. She motioned to Albert. “We will leave now, but I am asking you to get a lawyer and come into the station as soon as possible. Today is Friday. You aren’t safe waiting until Monday.” 
She leaned across the table to shake Mrs. Ahmed’s hand. She found it interesting that yet another stereotype about Arab marriages had just been proven false. Mike’s mother was definitely in charge here. Mrs. Ahmed dug through her purse and brought out a card.
“A twenty percent discount on tax preparation for you both,” she said. 
Jill took the card, resisting a smile. She was afraid she’d laugh. Was this a bribe, or just good marketing?
“What a goddamned waste of time,” Albert said, when they were back out in the car. “I’m ready to move on. Let Alison figure it out, okay? It’s clear to me that mommy and daddy are going to advise against Mike showing up at the precinct. That asshole is in his thirties. Does it ever end?” Albert yawned. “I need coffee. I wish we had time to stop at my grandmother’s house.”
“I’ll get you some. There’s a Speedway on Joy Road.” 
Jill was in a quandary. She somewhat agreed with her partner that their part in the case was finished. They had gathered evidence, and handed the criminals over to the court. It wasn’t their fault that one of them had taken her own life. 
Now they needed to move on to the next case, whatever that would be. Murder, unfortunately, was a way of life in Detroit. In the first months of that year, the homicide rate was down. By the end of February, forty human lives were taken. The violent crime rate was projected to be dramatically less than it was a few years ago, but it was still three hundred percent more than the rest of the nation. 
Jill loved Detroit, and it made her sick that punks, reprobates, and angry fathers ruined its reputation. Suddenly, she wasn’t in a big hurry to get back to the precinct.
“Let’s go to Nana Wong’s,” she said.
Chapter 37

The Surgical Services unit at the hospital where Joan Zannos worked, although she was several years past retirement age, was one of the busiest operating rooms in the country. They managed over sixty rooms, and hundreds of nurses and surgical technologists. 
Joan had about had it. Physically, the job was so taxing that overweight or arthritic nurses barely stood a chance of getting through the day without having to take some kind of pain killing drug. Joan took aspirin every four hours, and her stomach was rebelling even though it was only Thursday. She still had another day to get through. 
The hospital grandfathered in the nurses who had been there a long time, not requiring them to work the twelve-hour shifts demanded of younger nurses. Joan worked five eight-hour shifts; on the inside leg of her scrub pants she’d marked off eight lines and when an hour passed, she’d cross a line off. It was the only way she got through the day. She had tried a ten-hour shift, and even one twelve. There was no way in hell.
Joan was fond of her sisters-in-law, Paula and Liz. Paula lived closest, and over the years they’d come to spend weekends together antiquing or retreating at Liz’s; they would take books they had wanted to start for ages, knitting projects to work on together, and indulgent foods. Retreat weekends with the in-laws were no-diet zones. 
There were sometimes hard feelings from the rest of the family for their exclusion, but that didn’t change a thing. When the men went golfing or fishing or hunting, the women found a way to get together. Paula was a nurse too. Liz was a teacher. They had both retired recently and were hounding Joan to do it. They loved and accepted each other in the way women who share family histories are able to.
Joan grew especially close to Paula. She felt protective of her, and so was angry at Nick. Joan had never trusted Nick, and although she didn’t have any proof, she always thought he might be a philanderer. There was something about his arrogance that set her teeth on edge. He was in the neighborhood every day to visit Gus and Christina’s son, but in the early years, when Christina was still alive, Joan felt that there had to be some hanky panky going on between her sister-in-law and Nick. She didn’t know that Christopher was Nick’s, however. That possibility never crossed her mind. 
Peter knew Joan wasn’t thrilled about his brother. Nick would often stop by the house when he was in town. If Peter wasn’t home, Joan didn’t let him in the house. He’d never tried anything, but she felt his hugs lasted just a little too long.
Liz called Joan the night before last, filling her in on Paula’s meltdown, Dana’s funeral, the discovery of the paternity test, and Nick’s moving out. And the icing on the cake; Nick was seeing a nurse who worked in the same OR Joan worked.
“He came home to get more of his things last night and fessed up. Paula said she had done such a great acting job pretending that she was fine with his exodus, that he cozied right up to her and confessed everything. He’s in love with a girl in her thirties.” 
Liz laughed out loud. “Men don’t give it a thought that their bodies are not what they used to be, evidently.” 
Joan stretched out on her bed and switched ears. She was nervous about spending a lot of time talking on the phone in the middle of the week, no matter how dramatic the news was. Maybe she could when she retired. But Joan just couldn’t give up the money yet, so as long as she was working she didn’t have the time to chat for long. She had two daughters, Sally who was pushing forty, and her baby Jen who was still in college. Sally finally had a serious boyfriend. That meant a wedding on the horizon, and she wasn’t going to skimp.
“Do you have a name?” Joan asked, referring to the girlfriend. “I’ll see if I can find her tomorrow.”
“All Nick said was, he met her when he had his knee arthroscopy last fall. So she must be someone who works in orthopedics.” 
The nurses at her facility pretty much stayed with one service until they asked for a different assignment. But there were a lot of nurses in orthopedics, a huge department.
“Okay, so I am looking for a thirty-something nurse on the ortho team. That covers about twenty women. I’ll see what I can find out. But I better hang up. I’ve got laundry to do,” Joan said. 
They said their goodbyes. Later that night, Joan mentioned her conversation with Liz to Peter.
“Nick talks about the nurse who took care of him all the time. Her name is Dawn,” Peter said. “Now don’t go causing trouble.” 
He knew his wife was fiercely protective of her sisters-in-law. He was worried how the divorce was going to affect her. Nick had fallen for Dawn in a big way.
The next day, the first thing Joan did was check out the names on the white board that listed the surgical cases under each service. Nothing jumped out at her. Maybe Dawn was off work for the day. 
Joan worked through her schedule: simple, local anesthesia cases, one after another until she was ready to drop. One long major case was easier to do. You set up for the case and unless something unusual happened which was rare, you just observed and supported the surgeons. 
She finished up her paperwork at the end of the day, stopping by the women’s bathroom on her way to the locker room. There was a rack of hooks in the bathroom, not an ideal place to hang lab coats, but until the money for the new women’s locker room was scrounged up it would have to do. 
Joan went to the coats, and rummaged through them until she found one that had the name Dawn embroidered on it. Under the name were the words, Orthopedic Department. Joan thought, so this is Nick’s new girlfriend. 
She made sure the door was locked and then went through the young woman’s pockets. A wadded up tissue, breath mints, coral lipstick, and the piece de resistance, a folded up sheet of paper with the name Nick Zannos, and his cell phone number. Joan took it and rumpled it up, throwing it in the trash can. She went to the toilet and untied her scrub pants, pulling them down to pee. The toilet seemed to get lower and lower every year, and took so much effort to get off of. She was really feeling her age. 
When she finished, she looked over to the toilet paper dispense. Empty! There was a pile of paper towels on the sink and she stood up carefully to grab one, when she eyed Dawn’s lab coat. Why not? It’s just a little pee. She took the coat off the hook and pulled the sleeve inside out, using the inner cuff to wipe her crotch. The ludicrousness of what she had done, the insanity of it, struck her as she hung the coat back up on the hook.
 She turned to flush the toilet, and as stood at the sink, washing her hands, it hit her, a wave of hysteria so intense, she had to stifle the laughter with her fist. She might be losing her mind. Barely able to control herself, she quickly pulled her scrubs off and dressed in her street clothes. She had one goal: to get the hell out of that hospital and head for home.
Chapter 38

She had one more day to get through until the weekend. Jill could feel the anxiety in the back of her throat, a tickle that almost choked her. How much shit could one person have crammed into their week? 
Thinking of Andy and the little boys, they were already acclimatizing. When she went for her breakfast that morning, they were playing with a pile of small plastic cars, crawling around on the store floor, running the cars up the sides of cans and over bags of rice, back down on the floor. 
Andy was in the back, prepping vegetables he had gotten early that morning at the market. Today’s special would be stuffed tomatoes. As long as the crops kept producing in the end-of-summer heat, they would utilize the bounty in traditional Greek dishes: Moussaka, with tender Michigan eggplant, anything that had a cavity that could be stuffed they would stuff, and monumental salads laden with feta and Kalamata olives.
“I feel guilty because Andy is working so hard that there isn’t much left for me to do,” Gus whispered. “I’m daydreaming about making the store bigger. Andy has the brawn, and Big Andy has the money.”
“Papa, it’s a great idea. I bet they’ll be glad to help out. It will benefit the neighborhood, that’s for sure,” Jill said. 
She was in the early stages of a depression that was hard to shake. The anticlimax of the Gretchen Parker investigation, waiting for the trial to begin, and feeling her own life was stalled, added up to a feeling of dread that was plaguing her. 
“Maybe I should help out in some way,” she said, hoping that sublimating by working in her father’s store would take the edge off her own angst. Gus looked up from his reverie with a frown.
“What would you do here?” he asked. 
It came out more abrasive than he meant it to, but Jill didn’t take it personally.
“I’m not just another pretty face, Papa. In case you haven’t noticed, I’m able to do more than arrest criminals,” she said, referring to her clean and organized apartment and her drama-free life. 
But she thought that he might have a point. What purpose did she have outside of her job? Her brother’s face popped into her thoughts.
“I’ve been thinking about Chris a lot lately. For more than the obvious reasons,” she stated, before Gus could go on an apology spree. “I’d like to organize some kind of family gathering in Plymouth. He’s never had anything like it. We go to see him separately, but I’d like to see him with all of us, the way we are at a Sunday dinner.” 
It had occurred to her that her father might not want Nick at such a function, but it felt to Jill like everyone was arranging her brother’s life so it suited them, and not by what was necessarily best for him. Was it just a happy accident that he was thriving in Plymouth all these years without much intervention by the family? Gus didn’t know what to make of Jill’s idea.
“Do you think having everyone in the group home would be wise? Where do you draw the line? Is it because of guilt you are thinking this way? I don’t like to upset the apple-cart,” Gus said.
“You don’t think he’d like having all of us there?” 
Jill did feel guilty. She found it even more astonishing that no one had taken Chris out of the group home for an outing, knowing now that he had two families. 
“Do you know if Nick ever took him anywhere?” 
Jill was concerned about hurting her father, but she wasn’t going to leave things unanswered because of his secrets.
“We allowed him visitors, but the group home mother had to get our permission before anyone could take him out, and no one ever asked. So no, no one took him out. I think we should leave things alone,” Gus stated. “It’s worked well all these years. He’s happy living there, you’ve said it yourself.” 
Defeat took over, a feeling to which Jill rarely succumbed. Trying to be the cheerleader for Alex had become a habit, and one that served her well over the years. But this morning, in the light of day with everything exposed, all the dark secrets and lies revealed, she felt herself slipping into despair. The only panacea was to take action of some kind, and her father was thwarting it.
“Would you allow me to at least ask the group mother? She may have some insight that we don’t have.” 
The moment the words were out of her mouth, she regretted them. Of course, if she thought Chris would benefit from a family gathering, she would have said something years ago, wouldn’t she? The truth was, this guilt, or whatever irrational feelings she was having, was not something that would go away by good deeds. It was too late. She’d gone through life with the comfort of not having had to deal with a brother with Down syndrome. One hour-long visit a month, and she was free. As a child, her parents lavished attention on her because there was no one else there. Her mother had died trying to make up for the deficit.
Jill struggled to keep it together there in her father’s store. The boys were playing with their cars; her cousin was preparing something delectable to eat in the kitchen. Dana was only dead a short time, and life was already moving on. 
The realization that everything she knew about her life there in Greektown was not what it appeared to be, galvanized at that moment. Her father was not who she thought he was, nor was her mother. What would she make of it? 
She wasn’t going to solve life’s issues there in the grocery store, so she drank down her cold coffee and got up to leave.
“I better get to work,” she said, stretching. “I wish I could take a long weekend. The lake sounds awfully good to me right about now.” 
That’s what I’ll do, she thought. Maybe Alex will want to go to Lake Michigan tomorrow after work. Gus got his daughter’s lunch for her, and another mug of coffee.
Life would go on in Greektown, even if the rest of the planet came to a crashing halt. Gus walked her out to her unmarked car and waited with her mug of coffee while she got in and buckled her seatbelt.
“I’m sorry about everything,” he said. “I know you are disappointed in me.” 
Jill didn’t argue, knowing she might later regret it, but the truth was that she was disappointed in him. She was sorry that he was so out of touch with his wife that she could have sex with his brother and he wouldn’t know it. 
Or that, as she suspected, her mother may have carried on an affair with Uncle Nick up until the day she died. Was Nick her father? What would it change if he was? 
Gus had given in to the tyranny of the urgent. He put his love of his grocery store above that of his family. He allowed his wife to drive an hour away every day of her life to see the son he knew was not his. Did that knowledge make it easier for him to have Christopher institutionalized? 
She patted her father’s cheek as she had daily, and drove off. I guess it’s time for me to grow up, she thought.
Chapter 39

The last week of August ended up being a quiet one for the Detroit Homicide Squad, except for the Gretchen Parker case. She would be laid to rest in the afternoon. Albert was going to go to the visitation just to see who would be there. Jacob and Marianne had organized the festivities before their incarceration, but Albert was curious who would be in charge. 
He went into Dearborn after lunch. The parking lot was full of cars, and as he walked up to the funeral home he recognized the women who worked at the bank with Gretchen walking ahead of him. They must be spending their lunchtime paying respects.
Leah Hachem stood at the head of the closed casket, shaking hands with visitors. She looked up the minute Albert walked in, and smiled at him. The line was short, and before long he was shaking Leah’s hand. 
It was clear she had been crying for a while, her eyes red, and the lids swollen. She hadn’t bothered with eye make-up, and those who knew how proud she was about her appearance would understand what that omission cost her. She stepped aside so she could have uninterrupted time with Albert.
“Thank you for coming, Detective Wong. I can’t believe we are here. This is the last thing in the world I ever thought I would have to do.” She was visibly shaken.
“It’s very kind of you to do this for your friend,” Albert said. “Above and beyond.” 
He couldn’t imagine it; his family were Buddhists, and the funerals were long and drawn out. He followed Nana Wong’s precepts, and never attended one if he could help it.
“With Jacob in jail there was no one else, and I wanted her to have a special ceremony. I wanted people to feel badly about her dying the way she did. It makes me sick. I hope Jacob rots in hell,” she said, through gritted teeth. 
Then, as an afterthought, “Would you have coffee with me sometime? I feel like I need to make an attempt to stay in touch with you for some reason.”
“Okay, we could try. I know that feeling and it tends to fade. You may not want to lay eyes on me after the trial.” 
Albert didn’t say any more, the fear that Jacob Parker may walk looming large. But he wasn’t going to give in to fear. He and Jill had done a good, thorough job. Now it was up to the prosecutor.
“By the way, that snake Mike Ahmed showed up with his parents,” Leah said. “I wanted to slap him across the face. He sure is a player. Gretchen was ripe for someone like him, I hate to say.” 
Albert was sorry he missed Mike Ahmed. He didn’t take their advice, and never made it to the precinct. Let him ignore the warning, it would serve him right if they framed him. Although it would be a tragedy if Jacob Parker walked free, all the people he could hurt were dead now.
Albert said goodbye to Leah, and left the funeral home. The good thing about a slow Friday in homicide is that the detectives were able to clean off their desks before the weekend. But first, he wanted to see his grandmother. Nana Wong had plans for the weekend after all, so she wasn’t going to accompany Roger and Albert as they house hunted in Saugatuck.

Jill was already at the office, catching up. She’d decided after leaving her father’s that she was going to go to the family lake house that weekend. Hopefully, no one would get killed before then; she’d have time to clean off her desk and do whatever her boss wanted her to do. She’d file papers, or do a patrol route if he needed her to. The day sped by and she’d conquered her depression by hard work she realized, relieved. 
She wanted to talk to Alex about the weekend, but there was no answer at his apartment when she called, probably walking Fred or had the ringer turned off while he painted. She’d stop by on her way home, something she rarely did. It was time to spice things up.
There was a parking spot in front of his building, and she saw his car parked down the street. There was no sign of him or the dog. She had a little thrill about being there; they’d had a wonderful night of lovemaking the last time they were together and she found that in spite of the years together, she was still excited to see him. 
The wonderful painting he’d done for her popped into her mind, and it brought the same joy as it had the first time she saw it. 
She skipped up the stairs to his door and tapped on it, singing “Alex!” She heard him walking to the door, her smile stretching across her face when he opened it.
“Hello! I couldn’t wait to see you,” she said, as she stepped across the threshold. 
Alex had opened the door to allow her entrance, and sitting on a stool next to his kitchenette was a pretty young woman Jill recognized from the hospital.
“Jill, this is Patty,” Alex said. 
Jill stepped further into the apartment with her arm outstretched to shake Patty the nurse’s hand. Later she would think the unreality of what she had walked in on hadn’t hit her yet; she was all about cheerful propriety.
“Hi, Patty,” Jill said innocently, shaking her hand. 
And then she noticed Patty had wet hair. She was wearing a white shirt that looked like a large, man’s shirt. Jill looked over to Alex and he had wet hair, too. Jill laughed a nervous laugh. Oh, oh.
“Well! Oops! I guess my timing sucks.” 
She wanted to hear what he had to say, but knew her calm irrationality was so fleeting, and that if she didn’t run out of there fairly soon, she would succumb to shrilly screaming. What the fuck? 
And then the final indignity.
“Jill, it’s not what you think it is,” Alex said with a grimace.
“You didn’t just say that,” Jill replied. 
She looked at him, at his lanky frame and tattered undershirt, and then to the lovely young thing with her long legs crossed on the high stool. There was an expression of triumph on her face, but it confused Jill because she hadn’t known that they were competing for anything. 
The ludicrousness of the situation hit her, and she calmed down and smiled, first at Alex, and then at the unfortunate Patty.
“Good luck,” she sing-songed, her heart pounding wildly. 
Gratefully, she realized that Alex didn’t follow her as she went out into the hallway, although he would try to do damage control later. He softly closed the door behind her and Jill walked down the stairs, the anticlimax shocking. She was still smiling, feeling in control. She went to her car and unlocked the door. 
Where’s Fred? She thought, imagining him locked in the bathroom so he couldn’t sniff at Patty. The temptation to break down hadn’t hit her yet, because the insanity of what she had just witnessed hadn’t fully penetrated her brain. She slowly and carefully drove home. Her apartment was waiting for her, and she was so glad Alex didn’t have a key.
Letting herself in, she heard the phone ringing, went straight to it and pulled the plug out. It went silent. She didn’t want to talk to anyone, especially not Alex. Negative thoughts and memories flooded into her head, about her own vulnerability, her lack of self-esteem. 
Slowly, her heart would break. She had spent the past twenty years with Alex. Probably longer, since they were children. She had been able to rationalize each of his idiosyncrasies. 
She had made excuses for him, allowed him room for behavior that no other woman would have allowed. 
Why? Why had she supported him through all of his failures? What did she get in return? She understood that questioning her rights and privileges was a symptom of her hurt. She needed to get angry, but didn’t want to waste the time yet. 
She dug her cell phone out of her purse to call her father; she was going to skip dinner with him tonight, the presence of the little boys too much for her. She decided that although she might regret it later, she was going to be honest with him. She was finished making excuses for Alex.
“Papa, I won’t be there for dinner tonight because I’m having a problem with Alex that I need to work out alone,” she explained. Gus was silent for a few moments.
“I’m so sorry, my love. Is there anything I can help you with?” he asked. 
She’d never admitted any of her boyfriend’s failings to him, and he didn’t want to start pressuring her for details now.
“No, but thanks, I really appreciate it. I’ll talk to you Sunday. I’m going to the lake.”
“Perfect,” Gus said. “Have a good rest.”
They said goodbye. She would head out to the west side of the state as soon as she was able the next day. She packed a bag with clothes for two days, including a bathing suit. And then she remembered that she needed to get the key from her Aunt Maria. She called her before bed.
“The uncles will be there with the English,” she said, when Jill told her the plan. “That doesn’t mean you can’t go, but I wanted you to know in case you thought you’d get some privacy.”
“I’m coming alone, Aunt,” she said. 
She didn’t feel like having to deal with a party though.
“Well then, come stay with me,” she offered. “Uncle Jim will be gone fishing all weekend and I have to work.” 
She had a small bookshop in town, and made the bulk of her profits during the summer months when the tourists were there. Her children were scattered all over the state, and Sunday dinner wasn’t celebrated at their house.
 “You will be alone during the day and I can arrange to be gone Saturday night, too.”
She giggled; it was a little-known fact that Aunt Maria was among the colorful barflies that frequented the many local saloons. 
Jill said she would be there about eight-thirty. Even if she left right at five, traffic was bad at that hour, worse on Friday. 
She got through the evening, and fell asleep quickly after changing the sheets and pillowcases and eliminating all evidence of Alex from her bedroom.
The next morning, the first tinges of despair began. The most difficult part was not having anyone to talk to about the betrayal. She’d done such a good job of covering for Alex over the years; she’d have to start from the beginning with her family. And that was just too exhausting. She didn’t have any girlfriends she could confide in. 
The only person she could say anything to was Albert. After she had a quiet breakfast with Gus, she suffered through the same teasing from the bull pen about the smells of her lunch, but didn’t reply this time, and sank into her office chair. Albert looked at her with curiosity.
“What? No smartass comeback? You’re losing it, girl,” he said, shaking his head. 
He looked down at the pile of papers in front of him, dreading having to start reading, but knowing that once this job was accomplished, he would be free for the next forty-eight hours.
“I walked in on Alex with another woman last night. Actually, a girl. She couldn’t have been more than twenty-five.” 
Jill sat expectantly, looking at Albert and waited for his reply.
“When you say ‘walked in on,’ was he humping her?” he asked.
The comment made her decompress and she snickered. 
“No, not then,” she replied. “They both had wet hair though, and she had one of his shirts on with no pants. Or shoes. They were both barefoot, come to think of it.” 
Neither said a word for several, long thoughtful minutes.
“I don’t believe it,” Albert said. “I mean, I don’t believe Alex was being unfaithful. It just doesn’t fit his persona.”
“I know. I think I’m in shock. It’s so unlike Alex, I was ready to make all kinds of excuses for him.” Albert looked up at her with a smirk. “Yes. Like I always do. And I decided not to, because another woman is the one thing I cannot overlook.” 
Jill wanted to put her head down on the desk and cry, so she stopped talking. “Let’s get to work.”
At five, they said good bye to each other, promising to get in touch in Saugatuck. They were surprised that they had similar plans, happy to be going to the same place.
Jill so rarely left town and the circle of five blocks between work and her father’s house, that getting on the road was exciting. She was sad about Alex, but determined not to contact him or to think of him, or allow him to spoil one second of her time. She had no idea how he was spending the weekend; it could be anything from going on a bender to taking his new girlfriend clubbing.
The trip west would take about three and a half hours, maybe a little less if traffic cooperated. She’d stop for dinner once she got there, having remembered to tell Aunt Maria not to worry about any food preparation for her. 
She got off the expressway and began winding her way up through the Allegan Forest, going through all the small farming towns she remembered as a child. Keeping her deer eyes on, she saw several slender does step out of the shadows, and retreat when they saw her car. 
Finally, she reached the Blue Star Highway and her favorite burger joint, Christo’s Roadhouse. She’d order a beer with her meal, ensuring that she would sleep like a baby.
Inevitably, the pain of what she saw at Alex’s apartment would have to be dealt with, but for now, the numbness was a pleasant alternative. She’d had enough to deal with in one week to last a while.
***
By the time Albert arrived home from work, Roger had the car packed for their romantic weekend at Lake Michigan. They were lucky enough to have gotten a room at The Dunes at the last minute. Roger had Albert’s dinner ready, so all he had to do was eat and they could head out. But Albert wanted to go to the pool when they arrived and it didn’t stay open past nine, so he grabbed his plate of food and a fork and said he would eat in the car. They’d get there with plenty of time to use the pool.
“Thank you so much for arranging everything, Rog. I really appreciate it,” Albert said, scooping vegetable linguine into his mouth.
“My pleasure. I wanted to go as badly as you did,” Roger said. “I’m just glad it worked out this way. We deserve to have a good weekend together!” He reached over and squeezed Albert’s hand.
Chapter 40

Peter and Joan got the idea for a weekend at the beach when Joan came home from work the day of the lab coat incident. She knew she had crossed a line into insanity, and that possibly a weekend away from home would help regain her sense of couth. 
“Do you have anything pressing that might keep you home this weekend?” she asked Peter. “I’d like to go to the beach. Summer’s almost over and we haven’t gone much.”
“I didn’t have anything planned,” Peter answered. “What about Nick and Paula, though?”
“Ugh, I forgot about them. Have you heard from Nick?” Joan asked.
“No. Not since the day after the big reveal,” Peter said. “Have you talked to Paula?” He knew it was a stupid question; when didn’t she?
“About every hour. If I’m not talking to her, Liz is. I can’t leave her behind.” Joan sighed. 
Her goddamned brother-in-law had disturbed the peace and serenity of her ordered life. She’d fantasized about taking long, luxurious vacations with the six of them, and a retirement village where they would spend the rest of their lives together, playing cards and going to plays. Nick had ruined it. 
Now, if her gut was correct, he was canoodling with a woman young enough to be his daughter, and was unapologetic about it. Not to mention the Christina and Gus fiasco; who knew where the revelation of that mess would head?
“Call her. I’ll call John,” Peter said. “If Nick isn’t going to stay in touch, he’ll miss out on a few things around here.” 
Peter got up and went into his study, where he could get the scoop on his errant brother without arousing his wife’s suspicions further. She appeared to be on the edge as it were. Life would go on as it always had, but without his big brother. Peter wondered if there would be a big difference. What did he contribute, anyway? 
Like all close couples, there was always one person who stood out, whose behavior was either reprehensible or intolerable. They’d heard stories about other social groups in which there was someone who got drunk at every gathering, or stole things from the other member’s homes, or never paid their fair share. 
Maybe because the three men were brothers, there was never a glaring problem. Nick didn’t do much; he usually leaned against a wall with his pectorals tightened up, or when he got older, just acted the charming one while John and Peter tried to keep up with him and failed, especially John. 
The women didn’t fight, although there was some competition between Paula and Liz. But when Joan got pregnant at the age of forty-eight, and the others were barren, they rallied around her so that for nine months she didn’t have to lift a finger.
So the plans were made. Peter and Joan would pick Paula up in Brighton, and the three of them would drive together. 
John and Liz were leaving a little later in the evening, and would meet them at their favorite hangout. Peter talked to his sister Maria, and arranged to pick up the key for the house. 
Everything would be as it always was, except his brother Nick would not be there. The only thing missing, as far as Peter was concerned, was hero worship.
They took the northern route to Saugatuck, through Lansing and Grand Rapids. They were always a little surprised and saddened by the contrast of those cities when compared with Detroit. They had their rundown neighborhoods, but nothing like Detroit’s. Sister Sophie lived in a brand new subdivision southwest of Grand Rapids; they had plans to stop in to see her Sunday on their way home.
For three hours, Paula and Joan, sitting together in the back seat like chauffeured little old ladies, yammered on and on about Nick and Christina, Nick and Dawn, and Nick and Paula. Peter thought, if only they knew about Nick and Susan, Nick and Betty, and Nick and Maureen. 
By the time they got to Saugatuck, they were spent with Nick. Peter caught his wife’s eye in the rearview mirror, and they laughed.
“Do you feel better?” he asked. 
They drove a little south of Saugatuck and got off at the Douglas exit, pulling onto the Blue Star Highway, and into the parking lot of Christo’s Roadhouse. John and Liz would meet them inside. 
There was a little wait for a booth, so they went over to the bar to get a beer. Joan sat on the only stool available, and Paula stood to her side with Peter. They continued their conversation, when Paula, who looked for Liz and John at the door, went still.
“Oh shit,” she said. Joan and Peter turned around, and there stood Jill in the doorway, looking around to see if there was an empty stool. When she saw Paula, she turned to go back out. “I can’t let her go,” Paula said, running after her niece.
“Jill!” she hollered. But Jill wasn’t stopping and, short of running, she picked up her pace. “Jill, please wait.” Paula yelled. 
Finally, Jill thought how ridiculous it was that she was running from her aunt. She actually laughed. Turning back to her, she said “Sorry, Aunt Paula, that was stupid of me.” 
She took a step toward her aunt and they embraced, having never done so before. Her family wasn’t big on the hugs. Paula was moved by some inexplicable emotion; here this young woman had been betrayed almost as badly as her father had, yet she was the one who was apologizing. Paula didn’t understand that sort of strength.
“I owe you a huge apology, Jill. Can you ever forgive me? I was lashing out and it was completely misplaced,” Paula explained. Jill was glad she wasn’t making excuses.
“I guess so. But I have to ask one question first,” she said. Paula nodded her head.
“Why’d you want to hurt my father? I feel like he went through enough. I get it that you never liked me because of my mother. But why Gus?” 
Paula thought, and couldn’t come up with an excuse. Right. Why’d she purposely hurt Gus?
“I wasn’t thinking, if the truth be told. I had just found a box that had letters to Nick from your mother, along with DNA test results and other legal papers. I was freaked out. What did it mean? I guess I felt like making a scene. I’m sorry. It was tacky to do it at a funeral dinner, too.” 
She didn’t have any other excuse, so Jill could take it or leave it. She added, “My husband was correct. I had forgotten my manners.” 
They hadn’t noticed that Liz and John had pulled into the back parking lot and were just now walking around to the front door. They looked over at their niece and sister-in-law, and nodded their approval. John held the door open and Liz went in.
“Would you come in? I think we should keep talking,” Paula said. 
But Jill had had it. She didn’t want to hear any more about Nick and her mother. She’d come to the beach to get away from all that Greektown drama.
“It’s nothing personal, but I don’t think I will come in. I really need some down time. I know you might not believe this, but I really don’t care who Chris’s father is. He was left to grow up all alone because someone didn’t have the courage to stand up to my grandmother, or was happy to not have to see the evidence of the affair on a daily basis. If that’s my father, so be it. I don’t want to think about it anymore. Have a good weekend,” she said, turning from her aunt.
“Aren’t you staying at the house?” Paula asked. Jill shook her head.
“With Maria. Some friends of mine are coming from the city and I want to see them too. Enjoy yourself,” she said, meaning it. 
Maybe another time she’d stay with them, when her questions had been answered sufficiently, and she wasn’t on a witch hunt to find out exactly who was to blame for her brother languishing in a group home, when he could have been home, growing up in Greektown with her.
***
Paula walked back into Christo’s alone. “Are you okay?” Liz asked. “That looked intense.”
“How’d you get her to stop?” Joan asked.
“She stopped on her own. She accepted my apology graciously, and that was that. She’s staying at Maria’s. I had the feeling there was more to it than just me being a blabbermouth, but she wasn’t sharing and I didn’t push.” 
Paula didn’t tell them the narrative in which Jill placed the blame for Chris’s lonely life squarely on her father’s shoulders. She would have that one thing to her credit; she would be loyal from now on. 
And then, as though she hadn’t had enough humiliation for one evening, Liz placed her hand over Paula’s and said, “Don’t look now.” Joan gasped. 
Paula looked to the door again anyway, expecting to see her niece, and instead of Jill, there, larger than life, was her husband Nick and his woman-child. 
“Oh, for Christ’s sake. Is Christo’s Roadhouse the only place open tonight?”
Nick, his arrogance still full force, walked right up to his wife and family and introduced Dawn to everyone. Peter had to hand it to his brother; he still knew how to pick them. She was tall and dark like Paula had been, but about half her age. She was Irish, too. 
Paula was mortified. She felt like she was looking at a much younger version of herself. She had to give Nick some credit; he had some balls. She bit down on her tongue as hard as she could. No one was asking them to join the group, thank God. She had enough curiosity that she almost wanted them to sit at the same table so she could observe her husband at work. Where’d he get his nerve? It suddenly hit her that maybe Nick was sick. Like mentally ill, sick.

Dawn couldn’t keep all the names of Nick’s family straight. Which one was Nick’s wife? One of the women looked a lot like her mother. She didn’t want the conversation to be about his ex all night, so she didn’t question him. Already their relationship was taking some turns she wasn’t thrilled with; he didn’t like to go out at night very much now that they could be together in his apartment, and he didn’t make love to her as much as she thought they would. 
Before he left his wife, they did it every time they got together. Now that they were together all the time, they’d only done it once. She didn’t want to complain, not yet. They were supposed to be having a romantic weekend at his family house on Lake Michigan, but now he was saying that those other people would probably be there. She didn’t relish spending the weekend with his wife.
“Will you be okay if I go back to their table alone and see if they’ll be at the house? We might do better at a hotel out of town if they are,” he said. 
She agreed and he walked away. She saw the woman she suspected was his wife look up at him with a smile on her face. For being recently dumped, she didn’t seem that upset. Maybe she was trying to get rid of him. Nick walked back, strolled was more like it, with a smile.
“They’ll be at the house, but assured me we would have the whole third floor for privacy,” Nick said.
“How can we stay where your wife is going to be?” Dawn asked. “Even in the worst soap operas, I never heard of such a thing.” Nick laughed.
“My family is a soap,” he explained. “We won’t have to deal with them, but you’ll find my brothers and their wives are fun. My wife, my soon to be ex, won’t bother you. If she does, we’ll leave.” 
The waiter came over and took their order, but Dawn didn’t have much of an appetite. These people were her parents’ contemporaries. What was she thinking when she started up with this guy old enough to be her dad? 
She thought of how he was in bed, how his penis was flaccid and stayed that way unless he took something. His back had more hair on it than his head did. He moaned and groaned when he got up out of bed, and she thought he was dying when they had to climb the stairs to his temporary apartment yesterday. 
What had she liked about him that would make her play around with him to the point that he left his wife? She felt awful. She was guilty of being disrespectful and childish. At that moment, she knew she wasn’t going to spend the weekend with him, no matter how accommodating his wife was.
“I want to go home,” Dawn said. “This was a mistake, and now I know I can’t stay here with you and those people.” 
Nick frowned.
“Well, I want to stay,” he said. 
He put his hand up to shush her when she opened her mouth to argue, which really pissed her off. “Let me think for a minute, okay?” he said. He got up again and walked over to his brother’s table. Dawn saw them look over at her, the one she suspected was the wife looking at her with some compassion, which completely threw her for a loop. He came back to their table.
“Let’s go now. I can put you on a train in Holland that will take you right into Ann Arbor, okay? Get on your phone and see if one of your friends can pick you up at the station.” 
He stayed standing, digging through his wallet and throwing bills on the table. He got her coat off the coat hook and held it out for her to put on. Every once in while she saw him glance over at his family, and they smiled at him. It’s worth the embarrassment to get the hell out of there, she thought.
Chapter 41

Saturday morning was cool and sunny. Jill got up early from her comfortable bed in the den of her Aunt Maria’s home. She dressed in layers with a bathing suit on first, then a pair of shorts over the suit, and a long sleeved, hooded sweatshirt with WSU Criminal Justice emblazoned across the front. 
She got her beach bag with towels and suntan lotion, a book she had wanted to read for ages, and a bottle of water. Her aunt had beach chairs stacked in the garage, and she got one and put it in her trunk. The house was in the woods at the foot of Mount Baldhead, a huge tree-covered sand dune. 
Jill wasn’t going to walk to Oval Beach, however; there was no shoulder on the two-lane road leading up to the beach entrance, and it was too dangerous for pedestrians. She pulled out of her aunt’s driveway and promptly forgot the fifteen mile an hour speed limit. She could see the whirling blue light in her rearview mirror. It was the Michigan State Police.
“No way,” she muttered. She pulled over as far as she could without sliding down the sandy embankment. Looking in her rearview mirror, she saw something that made her heart skip a beat: a young, tall, handsome man, walking toward her car. Pull yourself together, she thought. She got her driver’s license and proof of insurance out of her wallet, and had it ready by the time he reached her window. He ducked to look in, and she handed it over while smiling.
“Good morning, ma’am,” he said.
“Good morning, sir,” she replied. He looked over her papers. “What’d I do?” she asked.
“I clocked you at thirty-five in a fifteen mile an hour zone,” he said. “I’ll be right back.” 
He walked back to his car and got in. She could see him typing something into his dashboard-mounted computer. In a few minutes he came back and stood at her window again, ducking down and looking in at her. He noticed her sweatshirt with Criminal Justice spread all over the front.
“Detective Zannos, are you related to Nick Zannos?” he asked. Jill grinned, and nodded her head.
“My uncle,” she said.
“Are you here for personal business?” he asked. She nodded again.
“Just for the weekend,” she said. He handed her license back.
“Sorry to bother you, ma’am.” 
He tipped his hat in an old-fashioned way and the gesture went right to her crotch. Woman, watch it! she thought. He swept his hand out in an after you movement, and she pulled out onto the road again, heading toward the lake. 
She got there before anyone else had claimed a spot on the beach and stayed there all day, moving her chair toward the sun as it floated across the sky. 
Occasionally, she thought of Alex, and when the pain became too great, she went into the cold water of Lake Michigan to splash, and his image in her mind disappeared.
As dinner time approached, people leisurely began packing up their belongings to head for home, but she wasn’t going anywhere except to get her dinner from the concession stand. She planned on staying to watch the sun go down. Getting up from her beach chair, she left the book she was reading behind. Heads turned as she moved around digging through her bag. She had a Tigers baseball cap on with her ponytail sticking out the hole in back and a pale peach, almost tan, bathing suit. In spite of using tons of sunscreen, her olive skin was a few shades darker. 
As great as she looked, Jill was oblivious to that part of her, not noticing the admiring glances she was generating. 
She grabbed her wallet and started walking toward the parking lot where the concession stand was. When she stepped up onto the pavement, she saw him right away. She couldn’t help herself, but she smiled and almost laughed. It was the state trooper who had stopped her, but looking fine in madras shorts and a ratty white t-shirt, leaning up against her car. 
He walked toward her with his arm outstretched to shake hands,
“Hi, I didn’t know if you got my name earlier,” he said. “Trooper Fredrick Cooper, or Fred to you.” They shook hands.
“My dog’s name is Fred,” Jill said. She couldn’t help it, but started laughing. And then she controlled herself and got serious. “Do want to have dinner with me?”
“Yes,” he answered.
“Trooper Cooper?” 
She managed to hold the laughter in. They began walking up the dune toward the stand.
“Yes, unfortunately,” he said, but he smiled at her, offering her an arm to hang on to. “This slope is pretty steep.”
“Thank you,” she said as she grabbed on to him. “I’m going to need all the help I can get.”

The End
Please consider leaving a review. Xo 
Be sure to subscribe to my email list at Https://suzannejenkins.com to received periodic Free stories. 
The Greektown/Detroit Detective Stories
The Greeks of Beaubien Street  is the First book in The Greektown Stories.

The Donut Shop Murder  A prequel to the series. Four days before Thanksgiving, the dead body of a paralegal is found dumped on a residential street in Midtown Detroit. 

The Princess of Greektown  Jill investigates the messiest crime of her career, while her family suffers a loss that changes the way life will be lived in Greektown.

Christmas in Greektown  As Christmastime approaches, the family prepares for another get-together in Greektown. 

A Greektown Wedding  After Christmas was over, the family could finally focus on other things, like love! 

Apollo’s Other Daughter Gaia Parnassus reads palms in back of her father's Greektown pizzeria, when a chance encounter with Detroit Homicide Detective Joe Young guides Gaia to help solve a murder he’s investigating, and to romance.



