The Fall of Autumn

Bobby A. Troutt

Copyright 2015 by Bobby A. Troutt

Smashwords Edition



Thank you for downloading this free ebook.  You are welcome to share it with your friends.  This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.  Thank you for your support.


Table of Contents
The Rag Man
The Triple Creek Murder
I See You
Hide-and-Seek
2:00 AM
The Edge of Night to the Light of Day
Autumn Harvest
Apt. 3 Across From Apt. 4
Witcher’s Lake
The River’s Edge


*****


The Fall of Autumn

The Rag Man

Hillus was three years old when his parents were killed in a car wreck in 1941.  After their death, he spent two years in foster homes and two years at Oakdale Children’s School and Orphanage in Oakdale, Kansas.  Other family members wanted to take him in but they had their own children to take care of and plenty other problems.  When he was seven years old, he was adopted by a family that lived not too far from where he was born.  However, it was not a good home for Hillus; they abused him from the time he was adopted until he ran away at the age of fourteen.  For the next four years, he lived on the streets.  He lived anywhere he could including under bridges, in fields and in parks.  As a child growing up, Hillus had a lot of anger and frustration because of the situation he was in.  He often got in fights with people he didn’t even know.  He also had run-ins with the law for stealing and other minor things.  He moved around a lot and stayed on the go most of the time.  He would either hitchhike or hop a train to get to his next destination.  Hillus was afraid to stay in one place for too long; he never did have a real place to call home.  Hillus had a lot of hardships and struggles in his life as he grew up and did his best to make it on his own.  He was pretty much a loner and stayed to himself.  He didn’t have many friends because he moved around so much.  Nor did he have much of an education; he could barely read or write.
One day when Hillus was moving about, he tried to sneak into a circus but got caught by the circus owner.  The circus owner gave him a choice to either pay, go to jail or feed the animals.  Hillus had no money and he didn’t want to go to jail.  So, he decided to feed the animals.  The circus owner, at that time, needed someone to help feed the animals and clean their cages.  After a couple of months, the circus owner was very pleased with Hillus’ work so he offered him a job.  The pay wasn’t much.  However, it was more than what he had which was nothing.
It was his first real, honest job.  Hillus traveled around the Midwest with Myers and Mundy Big Top Circus.  Not only did he take care of the animals, he helped put up and take down the tents, drove the truck for them and did whatever else needed to be done.  The circus became his home and family.
As time passed, he fell in love with everything about the circus.  But, he loved the clowns most of all.  He became good friends with Bone, a clown.  Bone got his name because he was so tall and skinny.  He probably didn’t weigh one hundred and forty pounds.  Bone had been with the circus most of his life.  His mom and dad did the trapeze until they died.  Bone was never interested in doing the trapeze.  He loved being a clown; he loved to clown around and make people laugh.  Hillus enjoyed watching Bone work and he wanted to become a clown.  He asked Bone if he would teach him the ins and outs of clowning.  Bone agreed because he could tell Hillus had a knack for it and knew he’d be good at it.  Bone always told people Hillus was a natural.  Hillus had the look and ability that didn’t come along very often.  That was the main reason Bone agreed to train him.  He gave Hillus his clown name, The Rag Man, because when Hillus first came to the circus he had nothing but rags on his back.  Bone taught him the art of makeup, the fundamental art of stunts and tumbling, designed his clown suit and showed him all the ropes pertaining to clowning.  Bone, in a way, became like a father to Hillus. 
Even though Hillus didn’t have much of a childhood, he loved children and he loved to make them laugh.  The circus life was good for him.  It was the best thing that had happened to him since his parents died.  Being a clown in the circus helped him turn a lot of his hurt and anger into laughter and make people laugh, at least for a few moments.  Hillus became one of the best performing clowns around.  He always told people the reason he was so good was because he had an excellent teacher.  He earned a good name for himself because he worked hard and was passionate about his work.  Hillus became a circus star.  His picture was on all the circus posters.  Come and see Rag Man, the clown, was the headline of the circus posters.  People from all around came to enjoy the show but they came mainly to see Hillus perform.
Hillus traveled with Myers and Mundy for about twelve years until Bone died.  Hillus took Bone’s death very hard.  Bone was the only friend he’d ever had.  In fact, he considered him to be a father.  After Bone died, Myers and Mundy just wasn’t the same to Hillus.  So, he decided to join another circus.  Hillus didn’t have any trouble finding another circus job; he received plenty of offers.  The problem he had was deciding which offer to take.  However, even though he brought laughter and enjoyment to the audience, there was a sad face and a lonely man behind the makeup which no one ever saw but him.  The circus was a hard and lonely life and it had taken a toll on Hillus.  After thirty-two years of traveling across the United States with different circuses, he realized the time had come for him to give it up.  His health had gotten bad.  The last few years, he traveled with Carver and Williamson Traveling Circus which traveled about the southeast.  His body was tired and worn out but he still loved being a clown.  In 1973, he gave up the circus and moved to Memphis, Tennessee where he lived alone.    Hillus basically became a recluse; he hardly ever left the house.
After he quit the circus, the first few years of his life were not too bad.  However, about three years later, he started missing the sound of children’s laughter and seeing their smiling faces.  Hillus felt in his heart that he needed to go visit children in the hospital.  Hillus packed his bags and traveled the southeast visiting children in the hospitals.  He took them balloons, toys, dolls and candy.  He pushed them around in their wheelchairs and helped them with their walkers.  He also had picnics with them in their hospital rooms, read stories to them and sang them their favorite songs.  Hillus loved the children and thought of them as his own family.  One day, when he was visiting Sutherland Hospital in Montgomery, Alabama, he met Shelly Bean.  Shelly was a little different; she was so special to him.  He saw hope and a zest to live in her eyes.  It was something he hadn’t seen in his life in a long time.  Hillus and Shelly became good friends.  They spent a lot of time together and became really close, like a father and daughter.  Hillus never married or had any children.  It could be said, however, that he had a lot of children just none of his own.  They were an unusual pair, a dying little girl and a lonely old man with a broken heart.  When he traveled to other hospitals to visit, he missed Shelly.  Not a day passed by that he didn’t have Shelly on his mind.  She was what kept him going.  Every time he returned to Montgomery, he always took a little time out of his schedule to spend time with her.  Unfortunately, the last time he went to see her, her parents told him the doctors said it was just a matter of time.   As he looked into her eyes, he could tell she was barely holding on to hope and her zest of life had dwindled down.  She had become weaker and was almost gone.  Her parents wanted to take her home but she was too weak to be moved.  The next day, Shelly died.  The day after Shelly died, Hillus was found dead in an alley; he died a lonely man with a broken heart.

*****

The Fall of Autumn
The Triple Creek Murder
The Fulton Fuller High School class of 1947 was having their thirty year reunion at Triple Creek Park in Hanestown, North Carolina about ten miles south of Raleigh in Gilmore County.  It was autumn and the park was beautiful with the trees all dressed in fall colors.    The sky was a crystal clear blue as it awaited the approaching of winter and the sun was aglow; it was a perfect time and place for their class reunion.  That Saturday morning, they had a casual get-together in the park.  As they ate donuts and drank coffee, the old friends and buddies reminisced about the good old days.  That evening, all the classmates along with their husbands and wives had an informal dinner in the park’s recreation room.  They all gathered for a group picture before they enjoyed the catered meal.  Old songs of their high school days played in the background while some of them socialized and others danced.  As the evening winded down, they recognized the classmates who had changed the most and those who hadn’t.  They also had a moment of silence for all the classmates who had passed away.  The reunion was a success; everyone had a great time and enjoyed seeing each other again.  Once again, after their reunion ended, they all went their separate ways.  Most of them probably wouldn’t see each other again until the next reunion.
Early Sunday morning, the Hanestown police received a phone call from Jerry Gammons.  He informed them his wife, Holly, hadn’t come home from her class reunion.  He told them she had left the house Saturday morning to attend her class reunion at Triple Creek Park.  He let them know he didn’t go with her because he was scheduled to work.  He was worried because he hadn’t seen or heard from her since Saturday morning.  Plus, she had always contacted him if she was going to be late or wasn’t going to come home.  Jerry was afraid she’d had a wreck and was in the hospital.  But, he had already called the hospital and she was not there.  The police told him Holly would have to be missing for 48 hours before they could investigate.  Jerry gave them the description of her car and told them he was going to bring them a picture of her.  When he got to the police station, Detective Bruce was there.  Jerry hadn’t been there a good two minutes when Detective Bruce got a call from an officer on patrol.  He had found a car parked not far from Triple Creek Park.  Detective Bruce asked the officer for a description of the car; it was definitely Holly’s car.  Detective Bruce and Jerry immediately left and headed to the park.  When they arrived, the officer informed them there was no sign of Holly.  The officer and Detective Bruce searched the inside of the car but didn’t find anything out of the ordinary.  Detective Bruce asked Jerry if he had a key to start the car; he wanted to see if it would crank.  When Jerry got into the car and turned the key, it cranked right up.  Next, they checked the trunk and expected to find the worse but it was empty.  Detective Bruce called the station and had an APB put out on Holly and also requested for other officers to be sent to the park so a search could be started.  As they waited for the other officers, Detective Bruce asked Jerry if there was any way that she might have left with someone else.
Jerry replied, “No, I don’t believe so.  If she did or something was wrong, she would have called me.”
“Does she have any family around here that she might have stayed with?” asked Detective Bruce.
“She is from here but her parents passed a few years ago and her brother, Jacob, lives out of town,” Jerry replied.
“Do you know where?” Detective Bruce asked.
“No, I don’t,” Jerry stated.
“Don’t take this the wrong way but I have to ask you this.  Would she have left with another man?”
“No, she wouldn’t.”
“Were you all having marital problems?”
“No, our relationship was fine,” Jerry answered with a frustrated tone.
“Were you at home all day Saturday?” asked the detective.
“I was except for when I went to work.”
“Did anyone see you there?” questioned Detective Bruce.
“No,” replied Jerry.  “I was by myself.  Just what are you insinuating?” he asked.  “I love my wife and there is no boyfriend or girlfriend; I can assure you that.”
“Calm down, Jerry.  We have to investigate all possibilities.”
“I understand, detective, but it seems like you are considering me a suspect.”
“Anytime a wife or husband disappears or gets killed, the spouse is always a person of interest,” explained Detective Bruce.
About that time, the other officers arrived on the scene.  Detective Bruce filled them in and instructed them to do a thorough search of the park.  Once they left to search the park, he continued questioning Jerry.
“Jerry, do you know who was in charge of the reunion so I can talk with them and get a list of names of all the attendees at the reunion?  One of them may have seen or heard something that will help us locate your wife.”
Jerry thought for a minute but for the life of him, he couldn’t remember the name.  It was right on the tip of his tongue.
“Betsy…Barbara or Bentley,” he mumbled.  “It was Betsy Bentley.  Yes, that’s her name and I believe she still lives around her.  However, I’m not sure.”
“I’ll check in to it,” replied Detective Bruce.
“If you don’t mind, detective, I would like to help with the search.”
“Go ahead, Jerry.  I’m going to question a few of the people at the park to see if anyone saw or heard anything.”
They searched for about two hours but there was no sign of Holly or anything out of the ordinary.  Detective Bruce questioned several people in the park but he didn’t find out anything either.  He called off the search until the next day and told Jerry to go home and get some rest.
The next day, Detective Bruce located Betsy Bentley; she still lived in Hanestown.  Detective Bruce asked Betsy if Holly attended the class reunion.  She told him that she was there at the morning get-together but she didn’t remember seeing her at the evening festivities.  However, she did remember that Holly’s car was still there that evening when she left.  Betsy gave Detective Bruce the list of classmates who attended the reunion and he thanked her for the information.
“Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?” Detective Bruce asked.
“No, not at all,” Betsy replied.
“Was Holly’s brother, Jacob, there?” he asked.
“Her stepbrother, yes, I think so,” she answered.  “As a matter of fact, I know he was there because I talked to him.  It was the first reunion he ever attended.”
“Do you know how I can get in touch with him?”
“Sure,” she replied.  “He lives in Raleigh; his number should be on the list.”
“Well, I really appreciate your help,” Detective Bruce said.
“No problem,” Betsy replied.  “I hope and pray you find her safe and sound.”
Detective Bruce left for the station so he could start contacting the classmates on the list.  After a couple of hours, he and several other officers had gotten in touch with most of the classmates.  Unfortunately, they really didn’t find out much information from any of them.  Some of the classmates told them the last time they saw Holly she was walking toward the bathroom.  None of them thought much about it when she didn’t return; they thought she had left especially since she didn’t attend the dinner that evening; no one they talked to remembered seeing her there.  Since they were not getting any leads from the classmates, Detective Bruce and several of the officers went back to search the park again while the other officers continued trying to contact the classmates they were unable to reach.  Detective Bruce instructed them to get in touch with Holly’s stepbrother, Jacob, since he attended the morning get-together; he thought she might have left with him or at least he was hoping she did.  When Detective Bruce and the officers reached the park, Jerry was there.
“Jerry, what are you doing here?” questioned Detective Bruce.
“I couldn’t sleep last night and I want to help search for Holly,” he replied.  “I can’t sit at home and do nothing.”
“I understand how you feel,” replied Detective Bruce.  “All I ask is that you stay with me and do not wander away be yourself.”
“That’s no problem, detective.  I don’t want to hinder the search in any way,” replied Jerry.
“Okay, men, we’ll search the bathroom first.”
They searched the bathroom but found nothing.  So, they spread out and searched the grounds of the park.  It wasn’t long before they found what appeared to be blood on some leaves that led them to Holly’s body buried in a shallow grave; her throat had been cut.  Jerry, Holly’s husband, broke down and the officers had to carry him back to his car.  Meanwhile, back at the station, one of the officers had finally gotten in touch with Jacob.  He told the officer the last time he saw her was the morning of the get-together.  He explained to him that he didn’t attend the dinner that evening because he had to go back to Raleigh.  About that time, another officer came in and told the officer that Detective Bruce had called in to say they had found Holly’s body and she had been murdered.  The officer then told Jacob the bad news.
“Can you tell me what happened?” Jacob asked.
“No, I don’t have any specifics right now,” answered the officer.  “Her body was just found.  Do you think you can come in for questioning?” asked the officer.
“Yeah, sure,” Jacob replied.  “I’ll be there in a couple of hours.”
Detective Bruce and the officers continued to search the area for clues and the murder weapon but they weren’t having much luck.  The officer at the station radioed Detective Bruce to let him know Jacob was on his way to the station for questioning.  Detective Bruce informed him that he was wrapping up things at the park and would be back at the station in a couple of hours.  The officer told him that was good because Jacob should arrive at the station at about the same time.  Holly was pronounced dead at the scene and her body was sent to the medical examiner for an autopsy.  After searching the area thoroughly, Detective Bruce and the officers went back to the station.  They hadn’t been there long before Jacob arrived.  An officer escorted Jacob to Detective Bruce’s office.  They each introduced themselves and shook hands.  Detective Bruce told Jacob he appreciated him coming in and he only had a few questions for him.
“Did Holly have any enemies who would want to harm her in any way?” he asked Jacob.
Jacob replied, “None that I know of.  After high school we went our separate ways.  We didn’t keep in touch that much, especially after our parents died so I really don’t know.”
“Will you be staying around Hanestown for a while?” asked Detective Bruce.
“Yeah,” he replied.  “I’ll be here until her funeral and then I’ll head back to Raleigh.”
“Was this your first time ever attending a class reunion?” questioned Detective Bruce.
“Yeah, yeah, it was,” he replied.  “I thought I would come and see some of my old classmates.  You know, I’m getting older and I might not be able to make it to another one.”
“Did you and Holly have any problems?” inquired Detective Bruce.
“No, not really,” he said.  “Just the usual brother and sister spates growing up.  I’m sure you know how that is.  But, like I said, we lost touch after high school.  Do you have any brothers or sisters, Detective Bruce?”
“No, I don’t.  I’m an only child,” he said.  “But, I understand where you are coming from.”
“Can I go now?” Jacob asked.
“Sure,” replied Detective Bruce.  “However, let me get your phone number in case I need to ask you some more questions.”
“No problem, detective.  Don’t hesitate to contact me,” he said as he wrote down his number.  “Have a good day.”
“You too, Jacob.  I’ll keep in touch,” replied Detective Bruce.
A couple of days later, the day of Holly’s funeral, Detective Bruce had not come up with any leads.  A few of Holly’s closest friends returned to Hanestown for her funeral.  Detective Bruce attended the funeral because he wanted to see if he could get some information from her friends and classmates that would lead him to her killer.  After the burial ceremony, he was able to talk with Betsy Bentley again.  He asked her if she could tell him a little bit about how Holly was in school.
“She liked to pick on other classmates,” Betsy explained, “and she was constantly picking on Jacob about something; they were always in to it.”
“Can you think of anything that might have happened to cause anyone to harm her?” questioned Detective Bruce.
“No, not really,” she replied.  “Well, there was a girl by the name of Ruth Ann Jenkins that committed suicide our senior year of high school.  I felt sorry for her because Holly treated her really bad.  I never understood why Holly treated her like she did.  Ruth Ann’s death brought tragedy to our class.  It was so sad and a loss to all of Ruth Ann’s family and friends; she was a shining light to everyone.  She moved to Hanestown in the ninth grade.  I always believed Holly was jealous of her because everyone paid more attention to Ruth Ann than they did Holly.  Ruth Ann was an easygoing and carefree girl.  Ruth Ann came from a poor but good family.  They weren’t as fortunate as some.  She was an only child and it devastated her family when she killed herself.  No one ever understood why she did it.”
“Is there anything else you can think of?” inquired Detective Bruce.
“Well, I don’t know for sure but I believe Jacob had a crush on Ruth Ann in high school.  Jacob was shy so he really never tried to pursue her; he definitely didn’t want anyone to know, especially Holly because she would have picked at him and Ruth Ann more than she did.  After Ruth Ann’s death, Jacob changed a lot.”
“What do you mean?” asked the detective.
“He was just different and he stayed to himself.  He stopped hanging out with his friends.  All he wanted to do was stay at home.  All he did was go to school and back home.  He distanced himself from everyone, even his family.”
As they were talking, Tommy, one of the classmates who attended the class reunion walked up and asked Detective Bruce if he could speak with him.
“Go ahead, detective.  I need to get back home anyway,” stated Betsy.
“If you think of anything else, Betsy, please give me a call,” replied Detective Bruce.
“Sir, I know you’re investigating Holly’s murder.  I don’t know if this will be any help to you but I was in the men’s bathroom at the park when Jacob came in.  He seemed disoriented and kind of out of it.  I spoke to him but he didn’t say anything so I went back to the get-together.
“Did Jacob come back to the get-together?” asked Detective Bruce.
“No, he didn’t,” he answered.  “I didn’t see him again after that.”
“Did you see Holly anywhere around the bathroom?” questioned Detective Bruce.
“No, I didn’t,” he said.
“Tommy, thank you for your help,” stated Detective Bruce.  “I appreciate you coming forward and if you can think of anything else, here’s my card.  Just give me a call.”
About that time, as Jacob was getting into his car to leave, Detective Bruce hollered for him.
“Hey, Jacob, hold up a minute!  Are you headed back to Raleigh?” he asked.
“Yes, sir, I need to get back,” he replied.  “I have to go back to work.”
“I was wondering if you could come back down to the station,” stated Detective Bruce.  “There are a few more questions I need to ask you.”
“Well, I guess,” he said.  “It won’t take long, will it?”
“No, it shouldn’t take but a few minutes,” replied Detective Bruce.
“Can’t you ask me here?” questioned Jacob.
“Well, I really need to do it down at the station,” said Detective Bruce.  “You don’t mind do you?”
“No, I don’t guess,” Jacob replied.  “I’ll follow you there.”
“Okay, thanks,” said the detective.  “I really appreciate it and I promise it won’t take long.”
It was only a short drive to the station.  Once they arrived, Detective Bruce took him to the interrogation room and immediately started questioning Jacob.
“What can you tell me about a Ruth Ann Jenkins?” asked Detective Bruce.
“She was one of my classmates.  Why?” Jacob replied.
“She committed suicide your senior year, didn’t she,” stated the detective.
“Yeah, she did,” he agreed.  “What does that have to do with me?”
“From what I understand, your sister, Holly bullied her at school,” stated the detective.
“Yeah, Holly was always picking on somebody,” he replied.  “Tell me something I don’t know.”
“Did she pick on you?” he asked.
“Yeah, she did,” he replied.  “Holly picked on a lot of people.”
“She picked on you and Ruth Ann more than anyone, didn’t she,” said Detective Bruce.
“Well, sort of,” he answered.  “What are you trying to say, detective?  Do you think I killed Holly because she picked on me?  That’s absolutely crazy!” he yelled.  “Is this all you wanted to talk to me about?  Holly was mean to a lot of people in school; she always had a chip on her shoulder about something.”
“But, she picked on Ruth Ann more than anyone else,” said the detective, “including you.”
“I’ve got to go,” Jacob said with frustration as he stood up to leave.
“Sit back down, Jacob!” shouted Detective Bruce.  “I’m not finished, yet.”
“You can’t hold me here,” he replied.  “I haven’t done anything wrong.”
“Well, if you haven’t done anything wrong, you won’t mind answering a few more questions.  Now, sit down!” ordered the detective
Jacob sat down and dropped his head in his hands.  Detective Bruce noticed that he seemed a little more nervous and agitated than when he first came in.  His hands were trembling and his legs were shaking.
“I promise you I don’t know nothing,” he said.  “Can I go?”
“Not yet.  I’ll let you know when you can leave,” replied the detective.
“I want to call my lawyer before I answer any more questions,” Jacob stated.
“I have no problem with you contacting your lawyer,” Detective Bruce said.  “You can use the phone here in the interrogation room.”
Detective Bruce left the interrogation room and told one of the officers to keep an eye on him.  As he was headed to his office, he heard someone calling his name.  It was Mark Williams; Mark was a private eye who used to work as a policeman.  He and Detective Bruce had been friends for a long time.  Mark had been checking Jacob’s background for Detective Bruce.  Mark had just gotten back from Raleigh and he had some interesting information for him.
“You got a minute to talk, Bruce?” asked Mark.
“Sure, come on into my office so we can talk in private,” replied Detective Bruce.  “Hold on just a second.  Officer, when he finishes his phone call, keep him in there and don’t let him leave.”
“Yes, sir,” replied the officer.
“Come on in, Mark, and have a seat.  Now, tell me what you found out,” said Detective Bruce.
“Jacob and Holly were half-brother and sister.  Jacob is currently under psychiatric care and he sees a therapist regularly,” Mark said.  “When Jacob and Holly were growing up, their parents were aware of the problems between them but they never did anything about it.  Holly always had the upper hand on Jacob.  She was the one who always started the fights but Jacob was the only one ever punished.  The therapist told me the hostility Jacob grew up with changed him and caused him to have a lot of anger and hatred in his heart.  Holly hated Jacob’s dad and she took her anger out on Jacob.  Their mother always took Holly’s side and made it hard on Jacob.  Holly’s dad was killed in a car wreck and she never got over it.  She was crazy about her daddy; she couldn’t accept his death.  She was a hurt and disturbed girl with a lot of problems.  Her mother met Jacob’s dad a few years after Holly’s dad was killed.  Jacob believed that Holly’s meanness caused Ruth Ann to commit suicide.  Jacob fell in love with Ruth Ann the first year she came to Hanestown but he was so shy when it came to girls.  He never let anyone know how he felt about Ruth Ann.  But, somehow Holly found out and she teased him all the time about being in love with Ruth Ann.  Jacob never let Ruth Ann know his true feelings about her.  Holly did everything she could to make it hard on both of them because she hated them both.  Jacob tried his best to protect Ruth Ann from Holly.  But, Holly’s anger and hatred was more than either of them could bear.  So, that is what they think was the cause of Ruth Ann’s suicide and the reason Jacob is the way he is today,” explained Mark.
“And, after all those years,” stated Detective Bruce, “Jacob came back for revenge.”
“Seems like it,” said Mark.  “Ruth Ann’s death was ruled a suicide because she cut her wrists and bled to death.  There was no investigation.  Holly’s bullying of Ruth Ann was never taken in to consideration.  However, from the way I understand it, Jacob knew different.  As the years passed, Jacob never married because he still loved Ruth Ann, his first and only love.  His doctors tried to work with him through the years but his sickness was so deep they couldn’t reach him.  He was prescribed medication but half the time he didn’t take it and would have to be admitted back into the hospital so he wouldn’t harm himself or anyone else.”
Detective Bruce pitched his glasses onto his desk, leaned back in his chair and said, “That’s all well and good but we still don’t have any hard evidence against him.  All we have is his medical report.  We don’t have any witnesses or a murder weapon.  However, what I think we do have is a thirty-year-old motive.  I have one of my officers watching Jacob in the interrogation room.  I want you to come with me so I can ask him some more questions.”
“No problem, Bruce, whatever you need me to do,” replied Mark.
When they got to the interrogation room, a local lawyer was there with him.  The lawyer told Jacob not to answer any more questions.  He also told Detective Bruce he had no solid evidence against Jacob and he couldn’t detain him any longer.  Detective Bruce paused for a few minutes, looked at Mark and then at Jacob and his lawyer.
“You can go for now,” stated Detective Bruce.  “But, I’ll be watching your every move.”
“Have a good day, detective,” stated the lawyer as he and Jacob left the room.
“I know he killed his sister, Mark,” said Detective Brue.  “But, I don’t have enough strong evidence to prove it.”
“I believe you’ll eventually get a break in the case and it will probably come sooner than you expect,” Mark replied.
“I hope you’re right because all I have right now is speculation.”
“Well, I got to go,” stated Mark.  “If you need me, you know how to get in touch with me.”
“Thanks a lot, Mark,” said Detective Bruce.  “It was good to see you again.”
A week later, Detective Bruce got a break in the case.  A jogger had found a knife when he was jogging.  Fortunately, the jogger knew someone had been murdered in the area so he didn’t pick up the knife.  He contacted the police and told them his location and what he had found.  When the officer arrived, the jogger was waiting to show him the exact location of the knife.  After the officer got the jogger’s name and contact information, he had the jogger to show him the knife.  Sure enough, it appeared to be covered with dried blood.  The officer put the knife in an evidence bag, thanked the jogger and headed back to the station; he radioed Detective Bruce to let him know he had something he would be interested in.  When the officer arrived at the station, Detective Bruce was waiting for him; he was so elated when the officer held up the evidence bag with the knife in it.  He immediately sent it to the lab to be dusted for fingerprints and to have the dried blood tested.  A few days later, he received the results.  The fingerprints on the knife belonged to Jacob and the blood was Holly’s; it was definitely the murder weapon.  With the autopsy report that stated Holly died as a result of her throat being cut, Jacob’s fingerprints and Holly’s blood on the knife along with Jacob’s medical report, Detective Bruce knew he had what he needed to charge Jacob with first degree murder.
Detective Bruce put out an APB on Jacob and contacted the authorities in Raleigh.  The Raleigh police went to Jacob’s apartment but he was not there and he wasn’t at work either.  They checked at a few places he normally visited but no one had seen him in several days; he seemed to have disappeared.  A couple of days later, Detective Bruce got a call from the Raleigh Police Department; Jacob had been found.  They wanted him to meet them at the old depot train station warehouse in Raleigh.  Within a couple of hours, Detective Bruce was in Raleigh.  As soon as he pulled up at the warehouse and saw it roped off with crime scene tape, he had a gut feeling that Jacob was dead.  Sure enough, when he stepped inside the warehouse, he saw a body covered with a sheet.  He went over and pulled the sheet back; it was Jacob.  He had committed suicide.  The officer in charge handed him a suicide note that was found next to the body and a box of old love letters he had written to Ruth Ann but had never given to her.  He opened the suicide note and read it to himself.
The suicide note read, I saw Holly going to the bathroom located over the hill from the morning get-together.  I slipped away from my classmates and grabbed her as she was coming out of the bathroom.  She put up a little bit of a struggle but I was able to overpower her and drag her in to the woods where I cut her throat.  I dug a shallow grave near the creek, put her in it and covered her with the dirt and leaves.  I threw the knife as far away as I could from where I buried her.  I didn’t go back to the get-together; I went home.  When I got home, I took a shower and laid on my bed.  That’s when I realized I shouldn’t have thrown the knife away.  I got up and drove back to Hanestown to see if I could find the knife but I couldn’t so I drove right back to Raleigh.  When I killed Holly, I had been off my medication for about three or four weeks.
After reading Jacob’s suicidal confession, Detective Bruce went back to Hanestown and closed the case.
*****

The Fall of Autumn
I See You
A light but steady rain, almost a mist, fell as we stood by Emma’s gravesite; it was late autumn in 1958.  It hadn’t been that long ago when I first met her, eight years ago to be exact.  When we met, it seemed like I had known her all my life.  As I paid my last respects, I laid a bouquet of daisies on her casket as she was being lowered into the ground.  Daises were her favorite flowers.  It had only been couple of weeks ago that I visited her in the hospital.  Emma died in her sleep.  The doctors believed she grieved herself to death over the death of her daughter, Ellie.  I believe that as well because she never got over losing her; she was never the same after her death.  I can relate because I know what it was like when I lost my son, Josh.  Emma had a nice funeral even though there wasn’t many people there, just a few of her family and close friends.  She was laid to rest next to her only child, her daughter, Ellie.  I can still hear Emma singing Ellie’s favorite lullaby to her.  As they started covering her with dirt, I held the hands of my wife and little girl and watched.  I couldn’t believe she was gone.  Barbara, my wife, and I had named our daughter Emma Kelly after her.  The light but steady rain began to fall harder.  We hurried to the car and headed home without much to say to each other.
After I retired from the FBI, we bought a farm in Bakerton, Alabama located twelve miles south of Birmingham in Lincoln County.  It wasn’t a big farm but it was more than enough for me to take care of.  The farm was on Forrest Chapel Road and my land ran along Johnson’s Creek that wound its way through Lincoln County.
As I drove home, I couldn’t help but think about Emma.  In fact, if it wasn’t for Emma, Barbara and I would have divorced years ago.  After we lost our son, Josh, it was hard for me to let it go; it almost drove me and Barbara apart.  However, Barbara got pregnant in 1950 and the Lord blessed us with a beautiful daughter who has blessed us so.  As I drove on, the rain became heavier.  The wind blew hard against the car and made it hard to keep the car on the road.  It was raining so hard, I had to pull over and stop until it let up.  Once the storm let up, we made our way home.
A few days later, Kelly started acting funny.  She seemed preoccupied and kept to herself.  When her mother and I would question her about it, she always told us she was fine.  On several occasions, when we caught her talking to herself and asked her who she was talking to, she told us she was talking to her new friend, Alice Ann.  We didn’t think too much about it, at first, because we knew how children were.  We thought it was just a phase she was going through since we lived out in the country and there was no one around for her to play with.  To us, at the time, it didn’t seem to be that serious of a matter.  However, as time went on, Kelly told us that Alice Ann had taught her a new game called hide and seek; we still didn’t think much about it.  But, as the days passed, Kelly spent the majority of her time playing the new game with her friend.  I see you, Kelly would say as she played with her friend.  We often asked Kelly to introduce her new friend to us.  But, Kelly always told us her friend was shy and she didn’t want to meet us.  Even though we were becoming concerned, we continued to play along with her game.
It was a couple of months later when strange and odd things started happening around the house; things that started coming up missing and broken.  We questioned Kelly about it but she always denied it and blamed it on her friend.  
“Why do you say it’s Alice Ann?” I questioned her.
“Because I don’t want to play with her,” she replied.
“Why don’t you want to play with her?” her mother asked.
“Because she gets me in trouble,” Kelly answered.
We knew then things were more serious than we thought and we should have done something about it sooner.”
“Don’t you believe me, Mama and Daddy?” she asked.  “If you don’t believe me, ask her.  She’s standing right over there.”
“I don’t see her,” I replied.
“Me either,” her mother said.
“Alice Ann, tell my mama and daddy that it is your fault.  Tell them you are doing all those things, not me.”
“Now, Kelly, don’t get upset,” her mother told her.
“But, you have to believe me, Mama,” cried Kelly.  “I didn’t do it; it was Alice Ann.”
“It’s okay,” I told her as I took her in my arms and held her tight.  “Don’t cry, honey.  You don’t have to play with Alice Ann anymore if you don’t want to,” I assured her.  “Barbara, what are we going to do?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” she replied.  “She really believes Alice Ann exists.
“Maybe it will stop now,” I stated.  “If it doesn’t, we’ll have to take her to the doctor.”
“Do you think she will be all right?” Barbara asked.  “Do you think she really sees Alice Ann?
“I don’t know,” I replied.  “But, if she keeps this up, we will have to do something.”
As the days passed, things appeared to be getting back to normal.  Kelly was more herself and she hadn’t mentioned anything about Alice Ann in a while.  That is until a grease fire broke out in the kitchen.  I was able to put it out quickly before it did any significant damage; thank God.  I told Barbara she needed to be more careful because the house could have been destroyed because of her carelessness.  However, Barbara swore up and down she turned the stove off before she left the kitchen.
“Mama, Alice Ann turned the stove back on.  She’s mad because I quit playing with her.”
“Kelly, why would you say such a thing?” her mother questioned.
“Alice Ann told me so,” she replied.
The next day, we made Kelly an appointment with the doctor.  We were able to get an appointment the next day but it seemed like forever.  We explained to him how Kelly was before and after her friend appeared.  He talked to her about what was going on and about her friend.  When he asked her about the strange things that had been happening, Kelly told him the same thing she had told us, that it was Alice Ann.  After several visits to the doctor, he informed us that in his professional opinion, Kelly was doing it to get attention and she was using her make believe friend to get out of trouble.
“From talking with Kelly, she never gets in any trouble at school,” the doctor stated.
“What does that have to do with her imaginary friend?” I questioned.
“Well,” the doctor replied, “she has plenty of children to play with at school but she doesn’t have anyone to play with at home.  Besides, a lot of children have make believe friends.  I believe she will grow out of it.  It’s just a phase she’s going through.  Am I completely certain about this?  I’m not sure,” he said as he leaned back in his chair.  I do know, however, if it’s not a harmless game of make believe, we have a more serious problem on our hands.”
“But, what do you think about the fire?” asked Barbara.
“Are you sure you turned the stove off?” the doctor replied.
“I’m very certain I did,” she said with a frustrated look.
“Kelly blames it on Alice Ann,” I explained.  “What about that?”
“Like I said before,” he said.  “She blamed Alice Ann because she knew you would accuse her of doing it like you did for all the other incidents.  Do you understand where I’m coming from?”
“Yes, doctor, I do.  But, I’m still not convinced.  Can we continue the sessions?” I asked.
“Yeah, sure.  In fact, I recommend it.”
The sessions continued for several more weeks before we decided to end them since there hadn’t been any more unexplained incidents and things were back to normal.  Kelly was back to her old self and she never mentioned Alice Ann again.
As the days passed, I tried to forget about the past and focus on what lied ahead.  However, at times, I thought about Emma.  I missed visiting her at Birmingham Central Medical Center.  But, I believed she was better off.  Day after day, I worked on the farm raising tobacco and corn while Barbara worked at the house and Kelly took care of the chickens.  All seemed to be going well for a change until one day when I was in the barn stacking hay.  I found an old newspaper and a birth certificate in the barn loft.  The paper dated back to 1946.  I sat down for a few minutes to rest a bit and was thumbing through the newspaper when I saw an article about a house fire.  I was shocked as I read the article because it was almost identical to what happened at our house.  According to the article, the house caught fire and nearly burnt down.   Apparently, the fire started in the kitchen and spread throughout the house.  The man and woman, Ronald and Shannon Eldridge, was able to get out but they lost their little girl, Alice Ann Eldridge, in the fire.  There was no way they could get her out because the flames spread to the upstairs and they couldn’t get to her because the flames were too hot.  I couldn’t believe what I had read.  I rushed inside the house to show Barbara the newspaper.  When she read it, she was just as shocked as I was.
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” I asked her.
“It can’t be Kelly’s friend,” she said, “can it?”
“I don’t know,” I replied.  “Maybe it’s just a coincidence or at least I hope it is.”
“But, it is our house in the article.  I’m sure of that,” she replied.
“I’m pretty sure it is, too,” I said.  “However, there must be some way I can find out for sure.”
“Brandon, do you think Kelly really saw Alice Ann?” asked Barbara.
“I don’t know,” I replied.  “But, Kelly is very adamant that Alice Ann is real.”
The next day, I went to town and started inquiring about the article.  It so happens, I ran in to one of my neighbors who lived up the road from me.  I showed him the newspaper article hoping that he might know something about it.  But, he told me he hadn’t lived in Bakerton very long and had not heard anything about the fire.  I continued to ask around town to see if I could find someone who was aware of what had happened.  That’s when I saw my neighbor who lived across the field from me.  I showed him the newspaper article and asked him if he knew anything about it.  He told me he remembered the fire and the Eldridge family and their little girl, who died in the fire, very well.
“The Eldridge family was a little strange but Alice Ann was a sweet little girl,” he said.  “It was tragic news for the community.  I felt sorry for the family; they never did get over it.  After the little girl’s funeral, the family decided to stay here.  They rebuilt the house and lived there for two years.  But, the loss of their child was more than they could bear so they put the house up for sale.  I believe it was the Carney family who bought the house.  Yeah, it was; it was David and Cynthia Carney.  However, they only lived there a few years.  They had a little boy named Danny Lee.  If I’m not mistaken, they adopted him.  He wasn’t their biological child.  They had a lot of trouble with their son,” he said.  “He was always getting in trouble.  They were strange people also, just like the Eldridge family.”
I never mentioned to him about Alice Ann.  But, he did say that after the fire, things around the Eldridge farm were not the same.
“Numerous people have told me that David and Cynthia Carney could hear a little girl screaming at night.  And, some of the neighbor’s children have said they have seen a little girl looking out the upstairs bedroom window when they passed by the old house.  The upstairs bedroom facing the road was Alice Ann’s room.  People don’t talk much about it anymore.  Most of the people who live here now didn’t live here when the fire happened.  All they know is what they’ve been told.”
I thanked him and headed for home.  When I got there, I told Barbara what I had found out.  We both wondered if it was Alice Ann’s ghost Kelly had been playing with.
“You know, Barbara, I believe Kelly did see Alice Ann and she was telling us the truth; she didn’t do those things.”
“But, why?” Barbara asked.  “What does Alice Ann want?”
“I don’t know,” I replied.
“Hi, Mama; hi, Daddy,” Kelly said as she entered the house carrying a cat.
“Kelly, where did you get that cat?” I asked.
“Alice Ann gave it to me,” she replied.  “She said I could have it because she wants to be my friend.  Ain’t she pretty, Mama?  Can I keep her, Daddy?  Can I, Mama and Daddy?” begged Kelly.
“I suppose so,” I replied as I looked at Barbara with a puzzled look.
“You’re going to have to take care of her,” Barbara said.
“Thanks, Mama and Daddy.  I’ll take real good care of her.  I promise.”
I sat up the rest of the night; I didn’t know what to expect.  I tossed the information I had found out over and over in my head while Barbara and Kelly slept on the couch.  I looked the birth certificate over and over.  However, it was so faded and torn I could hardly see what was on it.  But, the more I looked at it, the clearer it became.  A chill shot up my spine when I was finally able to make out the names of the parents listed on the birth certificate.  The boy’s real father was Gordon Lee Reels and his mother was Betty Ann Hall.  My neighbor was right; the Carneys had adopted Danny Lee.  I knew I had to do a little more investigating.  I knew Gordon Lee Reels from when I worked for the FBI.  The last I knew of him he was at the Red Hill Sanitarium in Jackson, Mississippi.  Early the next morning, when Barbara awoke, I told her what I had realized from the birth certificate.  She didn’t want me to leave but she wanted answers, too.  I left that morning, early.  I was planning to arrive in Jackson late that evening, get a motel room for the night and go to the sanitarium early the next morning so I could get back home to Barbara and Kelly.  It had been several years ago since I had been to the sanitarium and I hoped Irene Stewart still worked there.
I arrived in Jackson late that evening.  I got a motel room and turned in for the night.  I had driven nearly all day and I was worn out.  I was startled awake in the middle of the night because it felt like someone was standing beside my bed watching me.  When I rolled over, I saw a little boy standing there; I couldn’t believe my eyes.  But, when I closed my eyes and looked again, I saw Josh, my son.  I wanted to hold him in my arms so bad.  Even though he appeared to be so close, he was too far away for me to even reach out and touch him.  He told me that Ellie was trying to warn me.  Before I could ask him about what, he was gone.  Afterwards, I laid back down but I couldn’t go to sleep.  I tossed and turned until I finally decided to get on up.  I stared out of the motel window and tried to figure out what in the world was going on.  I also wondered if Barbara and Kelly was all right.  After I watched the sunrise, I got dressed, went to a little diner to get some coffee and then I headed to the hospital.
Shortly, I arrived at the hospital and requested to speak with Dr. Irene Stewart.  Luckily, she still worked there.  I didn’t have an appointment so I had to wait about an hour before I got to see her.  I didn’t mind because I had to find out some answers for the sake of my family’s safety.  Finally, I got in to see her.  I introduced myself and asked her if she remembered me.  At first, she didn’t because it had been several years ago.
“I used to work for the FBI out of the Birmingham office,” I said.
“Oh, yeah, now I remember,” she replied.
“I was hoping you still worked here and hopefully you can help me.  I was worried that you might have retired or moved to another hospital.”
“No, I love it here.  They’re probably going to have to make me retire,” she said with a smile.
“Well, I’m retired now,” I replied.
“How do you like retirement?” she asked.
“Most of the time I enjoy it.  But, sometimes I wish I could have continued to work,” I said.
“So, what brings you back to Red Hill Sanitarium?” she asked.
“Oh, I was hoping you could give me a little information,” I replied.  “Particularly this,” I said as I handed her the birth certificate.  “Do you remember a Gordon Lee Reels?” I asked.
“Gordon Lee Reels,” she said.  “It has been a long time but I do remember him.”
“Do you still have his record on file?”
“I’m sure I do but since it has been so long ago, I’ll have to go down to the basement to the old records room and see if we still have his file.  It’s highly unlikely but I’ll see.”
As we left her office and headed to the records room, I explained to her what was going on and that I felt my family and I was in some sort of danger.  She understood and told me she would try to help me all she could.  When we got to the records room, there were hundreds of filing cabinets and boxes of files.  Even if they still had a file on him, I didn’t see how in the world she would ever find it in all those records.  However, she had only looked in a few boxes when she found Gordon Lee’s file.  According to his file, Gordon Lee Reels had fathered a child, Danny Lee, while he was in the sanitarium.  The mother of his child, Betty Ann Hill, lived only a short while after giving birth to Danny Lee.  The state put him up for adoption and he was sent to an orphanage in Montgomery, Alabama.
“I’m not sure if he was ever adopted.  You might check the orphanage to see if you can find out some more information or find out how you can get in touch with is adoptive parents; that’s if he was ever adopted.”
“Is there a possibility that Danny Lee was anything like his father?” I asked.
“It’s a possibility,” she said.  “Danny’s father, Gordon, was a very sick man and so was his mother, Betty Ann.  The poor child didn’t have much of a chance to be normal.  Gordon was convicted of murdering his father.  He suffered from schizophrenia.  He was delusional and he lived in a fantasy world.  Gordon or Gordy, as he was called, loved cats.  Whenever his father thought he had misbehaved or done wrong, he would kill one of his cats right in front of him.  Gordon’s mother tried to stop him but Gordon was so abusive and controlling he took an ax and hacked her to death.  Gordon then took the ax and murdered his father.  Gordy believed his mother’s spirit lived in the cats and his father was the devil.  So, yes, I do believe Danny Lee could be like his father.  You could be in serious danger, both you and your family.  I have no idea where Danny Lee is but he’s out there somewhere and you need to be very cautious.”
I thanked her for her help and I left for Montgomery.  Fortunately, Montgomery was on my way home and I couldn’t wait to get back there because I was worried about Barbara and Kelly.  On the way to Montgomery, I tried to put the scattered pieces of what Josh had said about Ellie and how it related to Alice Ann.  But, I couldn’t figure out how it all fit together.  Then, I thought about the cat Alice Ann gave to Kelly and wondered if it was a sign that she was trying to warn us, too.  My mind was so boggled; I just couldn’t figure it out.  Finally, after several hours of driving, I arrived at the orphanage in Montgomery.  I went in and asked to speak with the director of the orphanage; luckily, he was in his office.  I explained the situation to him but he told me he couldn’t tell me much about the adoption since it had been such a long time ago.  However, he did remember a boy named Danny Lee Reels being there for a short time.
“He was adopted by a family right here in Montgomery,” he said.  “I don’t know if they still live around her but I know the woman had a sister who worked here at the orphanage.  She didn’t work here very long but I’m sure I still have her address on record.  If you don’t mind waiting, I’ll see if I can find it for you.”
“Oh, no, I don’t mind.  Take your time.  I’ll just go out here and wait in the lobby.”
“Okay, that will be fine.  Let me take care of a few things and I’ll let you know as soon as I find it.”
It was about forty-five minutes later when he called me back to his office.
“Carrie Sue Jenkins is her name and here is her address,” he said as he handed me a piece of paper.  “I don’t know if she still lives at that address but you can give it a try.”
“Thank you for your help.  I really appreciate it,” I replied.
“I left the orphanage and headed to her house.  I hoped and prayed that she still lived there.  But more importantly, I hoped she would be willing to talk to me.  As I pulled up at the address, it appeared someone was at home since there was a car in the driveway.  I got out of my car and knocked on the door.  A woman opened the door slightly and asked me what I wanted.
“Are you Carrie Sue Jenkins?” I asked.
“Yes, I am.  Why do you ask?” she replied.
“I was wondering if I could talk to you about Danny Lee,” I said.
I thought she wasn’t going to let me in when she closed the door.  However, she only closed the door to take the chain off the latch and then she let me in.
“Come on in, sir, and have a seat,” she said.
“Thank you, ma’am.  I really appreciate this,” I replied.
“If you don’t mind, what is your name, sir?” she asked.
“Oh, I’m sorry for not introducing myself,” I replied.  “My name is Brandon Hackett.”
I told her what had been happening with my family and why I needed information about Danny Lee.
“Danny Lee was a troubled child,” she said.  “He stayed in trouble all the time.  My sister and her husband, David, adopted him when he was about a year old.  At first, he was a good boy.  You couldn’t ask for a better child.  But, as he grew older, he withdrew within himself and became a loner.  As a teenager, he stayed in trouble with the law all the time.  David and Cynthia did all they could to help him.  But, he was so hard to reach.  It seemed like he was living in a fantasy world of his own.  David and Cynthia thought it might be better if they moved out of the city to the country.  They thought it would help Danny Lee.  They bought a farm south of Birmingham in Bakerton and tried to give Danny Lee a fresh start.  Unfortunately, that didn’t do any good.  He was still hostile and hard to control.  The anger and hatred he had inside him had taken control of him.  There was one thing, however, that seemed to have a calming effect on Danny Lee and that was cats; Danny Lee loved cats.  As I recall, he had seven or eight cats at one time.  Not long after they moved to the farm, Danny Lee found out he was adopted.  When he found out, he was determined to find out about his real parents and his past.  He became obsessed with it.  It was a driving force that overtook him and drove him to look for answers.  He was so out of control.  David and Cynthia didn’t know what else to do.  Danny Lee eventually found out about his birth family.  He found out his mother died right after he was born.  He also found out his father had killed his grandparents and was committed to a sanitarium but he didn’t know where.  Right after he found out, he ran away from home and David and Cynthia never heard from his again.  He’s out there somewhere and he’s a very dangerous and disturbed man.”
With the information she gave me, I was able to put all the pieces together.  I had a gut feeling Barbara and Kelly was in danger and I had to get home before it was too late.
“Thank you, Carrie, for the information.  You have been a tremendous help to me,” I said as I stood up to leave.  “I need to get home to my family and make sure they’re safe.”
“I hope everything is all right,” she replied as I rushed out the door.
It was late in the day and it had started to rain as I drove back to Bakerton.  It was raining so hard I could barely see to drive and night was approaching fast.  I prayed the Lord would help me get home safely as quickly as I could.  I was about forty-five minutes from home when I ran into a heavy, thick fog; it had stopped raining.  I didn’t know which was worse, the rain or the fog.  I had to slow down a little bit even though I didn’t want to because I knew every second and minute counted concerning my family’s safety.  Finally, I made it home.  But, I parked my car down the road from the house, took my gun out of the glove compartment and walked the rest of the way.  I didn’t want to take any chances; better safe than sorry as far as I was concerned.  I had no idea what I might walk in to.  If my instincts were correct, I was walking in to trouble.  I walked cautiously toward the house.  I couldn’t see much because the fog was so heavy.  However, I could see a dim light glowing in the darkness through the fog.  I was startled when I felt something at my feet.  When I looked down, it was a cat rubbing against my leg and chills immediately ran down my spine.  As I walked a little closer, I saw three more cats on the porch and the light was on in the living room.  I quietly eased upon the porch and peeped in the window.  Barbara and Kelly were sitting on the couch; they were tied up.  They looked like they had been beaten and they were crying.  I looked around the room but I didn’t see him anywhere.  Where is he, I thought.  About that time, I heard something behind me and I quickly turned around.
“I see you,” Danny Lee cried as he stuck a gun between my eyes.
Within minutes, my life flashed before my eyes.  He pulled the trigger.  His gun clicked but it didn’t go off.  I seized the opportunity and lunged at him.  He wasn’t a big man but he was strong.  We fought along the porch and then fell out in to the yard.  After several minutes, I was able to overpower him and pin him down.  I then reached for a brick laying close by, hit him on the head and knocked him out.  I got up, weak and trembling, and thanked God in heaven the gun had misfired.  I immediately rushed inside the house to make sure Barbara and Kelly were okay.  Luckily, they were even though he had slapped them around a little.  Overall, other than being frightened, they were going to be fine.  When I went back outside to tie him up, he was gone.  I yelled for Barbara to call the police.  When the police got there, I filled them in on the situation and they searched the property for him but there was no sign of him.  They put out an APB on him and made sure everyone was aware he was armed and dangerous.  I praised the Lord that my family was safe.  It had been a nightmare the last few days and I was glad it was finally over.
That night, we were finally able to get some rest and a good night’s sleep until Barbara and I were startled awake at two o’clock that morning.  When we looked about the bedroom, we saw Emma and Ellie standing at the foot of our bed.  Emma was holding a bouquet of daises in her hand.  Ellie told us that she had come back to warn us about Gordon’s son, Danny Lee, and to take Alice Ann back with her.  Alice Ann was trapped between two worlds.
“Hi, Mama and Daddy,” Josh said as he stepped out from behind Emma.
“I’ll take care of Josh for you,” Emma said.  “He can finally rest with all of us.”
Tears filled Barbara’s and my eyes as we once again said our goodbyes.

*****

The Fall of Autumn
Hide-and-Seek
The prison guard’s keys jingled as he unlocked the cell door of inmate Gary Russell.  It was three o’clock in the morning, in 1968, at Eddyville State Prison in Washington County, Kentucky.  Gary Russell was being escorted to the county jail for a new trial.  Gary had been sentenced to prison for two counts of first degree murder from a bad drug deal.  It had been raining earlier that night but it had slowed to a steady drizzle when he was put in the prison van.  New supporting evidence that was not allowed at his first trial had paved the way for a new trial.  When the evidence was presented at his first trial, it wasn’t believed to have a strong bearing on the case considering the overwhelming evidence they already had against him.  In the process of transporting him to the county jail, a tractor trailer truck lost control, not far from town, and hit the van.  The wreck happened about three miles from Camp Hickory Falls.  The van ran off the road and down an embankment; the crash killed the two guards and the truck driver.  After the investigation of the crash, it was determined the truck driver suffered a heart attack before the crash.  Gary survived the crash with only a few minor cuts and bruises.  He escaped and disappeared into the woods just as the van exploded.  A person in an oncoming car that witnessed the crash went to a nearby market and called the authorities.  By the time the police arrived on the scene, Gary was long gone.  They found the bodies of the truck driver and the two prison guards but there was no sign of Gary.  The police immediately notified the prison of the accident and put out an APB on Gary Russell, an escaped and dangerous convict.  Prison officials sent the police a picture of him and his description (height, weight, tattoos and scars).  They informed the police that he was originally from Tennessee and was serving a fifty year sentence.  And, during his time at Eddyville, he’d only had a few visitors and one of them was his ex-girlfriend, Martha Farris.  A massive search for him was immediately started by the county police and the Kentucky state police.  The biggest concern for the police was Camp Hickory Falls.  It had opened for the season and there were a lot of children there.  With a convicted murderer on the loose, they had to act fast to insure the safety of the children.
Camp Hickory Falls was about eight miles out of town along the Barren River; it wasn’t too far from Elizabethtown, Kentucky.  It was an ideal place to hide since it was located back off the road in a wooded area with plenty of hills and brush which made the search even harder for the police.  The camp was a summer retreat for children.  It had plenty of cabins, a cafeteria, a recreation room, tennis courts and a lake.  There were plenty of activities for the children to participate in which included horseback riding, canoeing, archery and other fun things.  Each year, children from everywhere attended the camp.  The camp was a perfect paradise for children in the summer.  But, three years ago, a tragic incident happened at the camp.
In the summer of 1965 a fourteen-year-old boy, Dale Russell, committed suicide at the camp; he was found dead in the woods.  Two brothers, Billy Ramsey and James Ramsey, and their friend, Sammy Carter, bullied and teased Dale of being gay but he wasn’t.  Two of the camp counselors, Phillip Henson and Donny Hill were aware of the bullying but didn’t do anything about it.  Apparently, the night Dale committed suicide, the children were gathered around the campfire roasting hotdogs and marshmallows.  Afterwards, they played spin the bottle and told ghost stories before thy decided to play hide-and-seek.  Supposedly, that night, the three bullies followed Dale into the woods when he went to hide.  They teased him, made fun of him and called him a queer and a faggot.  The next day, when he didn’t come for breakfast, two of the counselors went looking for him and found him dead in the woods.  They ran back as fast as they could and reported it to the camp supervisor who immediately called the police.  The police investigated his death but ruled it a suicide.  Dale’s mother, Gail, did all she could to get justice for her son’s death.  She was sure Billy, James and Sammy were responsible, in some way, for Dale’s death.  However, their parents were very influential people in the county.  She felt that hush-hush money and politics kept her son’s death a low priority case which resulted in them ruling it a suicide.  Plus, if the police had investigated it as a homicide it would have destroyed the camp’s good reputation because no one would have wanted to send their child there for the summer and it would have also impacted the economy of the nearby town.
Immediately, after the wreck, the police launched a full blown search for Gary Russell.  They knew every minute counted but after several hours of searching there wasn’t any sign of him and they hadn’t found any clues that would lead them to his whereabouts.  Since Camp Hickory Falls was located in the vicinity of the wreck, the police sent officers to the camp to search for him and to also notify the camp supervisor and counselors so they could have their guard up and keep a close watch on the children.  The children were immediately put on lockdown.  They were sent to their cabins and told to stay in, lock the doors and not come out until they were told.  The officers searched the camp but found no sign of him.  It was like he had disappeared off the face of the earth.  With no sign of him at the camp, they broadened their search around the site of the crash.
Since they had been unsuccessful in finding Gary on their own, two detectives were sent to Martha Farris’ house.  The detectives told her about the escape and asked her if she had heard from him.
“No, I haven’t,” she said.  “The last time I saw him was at the prison which was a couple of months ago.  We broke up when he went to prison.”
“Well, why did you go visit him?” one of the detectives asked.
“Because he begged me to come,” she replied.  “I only went a few times and that was it.”
“Thank you for your time ma’am.  If you hear anything from him, we would appreciate it if you would give us a call,” one of the detectives said as they got up to leave.  “Here’s my card, just give me a call.”
Other than two police officers being stationed at the camp, everything had gone back to normal.  The lockdown was lifted and the children were able to come out of their cabins.  As night fell, the children along with the camp counselors sat around a bonfire and played games before it was time to turn in for the night.  All of the campers and counselors were asleep in their cabins when they were awakened at three o’clock in the morning by some gunshots.  Quickly, all the cabin lights came on across the camp.  As the officers on duty rushed to the cabins to make sure everyone was okay, they found two of the counselors, Phillip Henson and Donny Hill, dead in their cabin; they had testified against Gary at his first trial.  They radioed in for assistance.  The officers cautiously looked around the cabin and noticed the back window of the cabin had been broken out.  But, there was no one in sight.  The counselors gathered all the campers in the cafeteria so they could keep a close eye on them.  The officers came in and questioned the campers to see if they had seen or heard anything before the gunshots were heard.
“When I was going to the bathroom, a little earlier,” one of the campers spoke up, “I saw three shadowy figures in the front window of their cabin.  And, there was arguing inside the cabin before the shots.  When I heard the shots, I got scared and ran back to my cabin.”
“Did you see who fired the shots?” one of the officers asked.
“No, I didn’t see anything but the three shadowy figures.”
It only seemed to be a matter of minutes before the police arrived at the camp.  The darkness of the night made it almost impossible for a thorough search of the thick woods which was a perfect hideaway place for the killer.  There was not much they could do at the time.  As soon as morning broke, they searched the area.  They hadn’t found much of anything until an officer found a gun.  It appeared to be a prison issued gun; they assumed it belonged to one of the guards who was killed in the wreck.  Once the gun was found and in the best interest of the children, the camp was closed for the rest of the season.  All of the children and counselors were sent home.
The police were still on the lookout for any sign of the killer.  There were stumped until a call came in at the police station.  A strange man had been spotted at a farm not far from the camp.  In minutes, the police surrounded the area around the farm and found the escaped convict, Gary Russell, hiding in the barn loft.  They were able to take him in to custody without incident.  That afternoon, the detectives questioned Gary about the killing of the two camp counselors.  But, he denied that he had anything to do with their murders.
“I admit I was at the camp,” Gary said.  “But, I was only there looking for food and I needed a place to hide.  That’s all.  I wasn’t there to harm anyone.  When I heard the gunshots, I took off because I knew if I was caught I would be the one blamed.”
“Why did you run away from the wreck?” one of the detectives asked.
“I wanted to try to prove my innocence.  I’m tired of being in prison for something I didn’t do.”
“Well, you were going to have a new trial,” the detective stated.  “Why did you want to jeopardize that?”
“No one believes I’m innocent,” he answered right before his lawyer entered the interrogation room.
“Don’t you answer another question,” his lawyer said.  “Detectives, may I please speak with my client alone?”
“Sure, we’ll be right outside.”
“Gary, what were you thinking?  This could really jeopardize your case.  You know that, right.”
“I know, but…”
“But, nothing,” his lawyer stated.  “Tell me about the counselors that were just killed.  Did you have anything to do with that?”
“No, sir.  I promise I didn’t.  I was only looking for some food and a place to hide when I heard gunshots.  When I heard the shots, I ran and hid in the barn loft.  I didn’t kill those counselors.”
“You know you just made your case a little more difficult for me to defend.  But, I’m going to represent you to the best of my ability.  Whatever you do, don’t answer any more questions if I’m not here.  Do you understand?”
“I won’t,” he replied.
About that time, the detectives opened the door and told them their time was up.  They had Gary escorted back to his cell and he was later released back to the prison.
The detectives were sure Gary Russell murdered the two camp counselors.  They believed his motive stemmed from his first trial when they testified against him.  Their theory was that Gary went to the camp to confront them and they ended up getting in to an argument which led him to kill them.  According to court records, the two counselors testified they saw Gary leave with the two victims the night they were killed.  The next morning, they heard the two victims were found dead and immediately reported what they had seen to the police.  Gary disputed their claims.  He had insisted they were lying because he didn’t leave the bar that night with them; he left alone.  The detectives believed that was what the argument was about.  However, they couldn’t prove it.
For the next few days, the detectives investigated the camp murders.  Unfortunately, they didn’t come up with any substantial leads.  The detectives hadn’t received the results of the gun found near the scene of the murders so all they really had was circumstantial evidence.  They were hoping to find some concrete evidence to charge Gary for the murders.  The detectives contacted the camp counselors to see if they remembered seeing or hearing anything that night but none of them had.  There was no one who could place Gary at the camp at the time of the murders and they couldn’t get anything on him.  A couple of days later, the detectives received the gun report.  The gun didn’t belong to either of the guards.  It was registered to a Herbert Russell.  But, Gary’s fingerprints were lifted from the gun.  The report proved it was the murder weapon.  The detectives went to the prison to question Gary about his fingerprints being on the gun.  He told them he found the gun in the woods when he was on his way to the barn to hide and without thinking picked it up.  When he realized what he had done, he tossed it to the side and left.  When the detectives left the prison, they went to Russell’s house.  His wife, Gail, informed them Herbert had passed away in 1966 from a heart attack.  She speculated that her husband sold the gun before he died; she wasn’t sure because he never told her he had sold it.  Actually, she didn’t realize the gun was gone until the detectives asked her about it because she never bothered any of her husband’s things after he died.  Now, the detectives were really puzzled.  They knew the gun in question was the murder weapon.  But, who did it was the million dollar question.
All the time the detectives were investigating the camp murders, Gary’s lawyer was preparing for his new trial.  Within days, he would present the new evidence to the court with hope that it would get his client released from prison.  The new trial was finally in session and the lawyers on both sides battled the case with the new evidence.  Although the new evidence allowed for a new trial, the evidence from the old trial still hindered the new evidence.  However, the first two days of the new trial did open up a shadow of doubt to the jury and created some new twists in the case.  But, Gary’s lawyer still wondered if the new evidence would be strong enough to get his client acquitted.  Unexpectedly, at the end of the second day of the trial, Gary’s lawyer received a call.  After leaving the courthouse, he went straight to the LaGrange Prison; he arrived within a few hours.  He spoke with the inmate who called him about the case.  The inmate wanted to make a deal in exchange for information regarding the case.  Gary’s lawyer told him he couldn’t make any promises but he would see what he could do based on the information he received.  The inmate told him the information he was going to tell him would turn the case around.
The next day, at the trial, everything was still basically even as the lawyers battled back and forth as witness after witness testified.  That was until Gary’s lawyer called Mark Mason, the inmate from LaGrange Prison, to the stand.  After he was sworn in, Gary’s lawyer approached the witness stand.
“Mr. Mason, please tell the court what you know regarding the case,” Gary’s lawyer instructed.
“I was there the night the drug deal went down,” he stated.  “Gary was not there that night.  He did not murder those two men,” he said as a loud gasp filled the courtroom.  “Gary never left the bar that night.  Gary’s girlfriend’s stepbrother, Barry Farley, shot and killed the two men and framed Gary for it with the help of a crooked cop.  I was at the bar when Gary got in a heated argument with the two men.  He basically went berserk because they had stolen some drugs and drug money from him.  The two men left the bar and Barry followed after them.  I ran after Barry to try to keep him from doing something he would regret.  But, I wasn’t able to stop him.  He pulled out his gun and shot them both.  Not wanting to go to jail, we both took off.  Barry contacted his friend, the crooked cop, and told him what happened.  He assured Barry he would take care of everything; he set Gary up to take the fall for the two murders and he paid Phillip Henson and Donny Hill, the two counselors, a substantial amount of money to testify they saw Gary leave the bar that night with the two men.”
“Why didn’t you come forward with this information during the first trial?” Gary’s lawyer asked.
“Because I feared for my life,” Mark replied.  “Plus, I was afraid I would get charged with the murders, too.  And, the crooked cop threatened me.  He told me if I ever told anyone he would kill me and my family including my mom and dad.  So, I left town and moved to California.  A few years later, after the cop died, I came back to E-town to take care of my parents who were sickly,” he explained.
After his testimony and cross-examination, the lawyers gave their closing arguments.  The judge gave the jury their instructions for deliberation.  As the jury deliberated, the courtroom cleared out.  It didn’t take long for the jury to reach a decision.  Once everyone was back in the courtroom, the judge asked the jury foreman if they had reached a verdict.
“Yes, we have, your honor,” the foreman stated.
The bailiff took the verdict and handed it to the judge.  The judge read it and then sent it back to the jury foreman.
“Mr. Gary Russell, please stand for the reading of the verdict,” the judge instructed.
“On count one, we, the jury, find the defendant not guilty.  On count two, we, the jury, find the defendant not guilty.”
Gary hugged his lawyer and let out a sigh of relief.  He was so happy he had been freed.
“Mr. Russell, you are a free man.  You are free to go,” the judge said and then dismissed the court.
Gary’s troubles were still not over.  The detectives were still trying to build a case against him for the camp murders.   Luckily for him though, they uncovered new evidence that turned them toward a new suspect.  They arrested Gail Russell for the murder of the two camp counselors.  After her interrogation, she signed a written confession admitting to the counselor’s murders but her case still hasn’t gone to trial.  The motive went back to the death of her son; her motive was fueled by revenge.  For years and years, she blamed the two counselors for the death of her son because they knew about him being bullied and teased but didn’t do anything about it.  So, all through the years, she believed they were getting away with the murder of her son.  She took her husband’s gun and killed them.  After she killed them, she ran through the woods, fell and lost the gun.  She tried to find the gun but couldn’t because it was too dark for her to see.  She panicked and left, hoping no one would find it.
Mark Manson received immunity for his testimony for his involvement in the bad drug deal that led to the two murders.  But, he is still serving time at LaGrange Prison for unrelated charges.  Gary Russell was a free man.  Herbert and Gail Russell and their son, Dale, were not related to Gary.  They all had the same last name but they were two different sets of Russells.  Barry Farley was arrested in Florida and extradited back to Kentucky; he was charged with the murder of both men.  He was convicted of two counts of first degree murder and sentenced to life at the Eddyville Prison.

*****

The Fall of Autumn
2:00 AM
It was 1968 at two o’clock in the morning in Jefferson County of Louisville, Kentucky.  It was mid-October as the chilling night lurked about.  The streets were almost empty with only a few people stirring about.  A car was parked in a nearby alley with its motor running and exhausts coming out the tailpipes as the windshield wipers slowly removed the ice and snow from the windshield.  At the end of the alley, there stood a man smoking a cigarette.  The ground and streets were covered with a little accumulation of snow and ice.  In the distance, the haunting cry of sirens could be heard terrorizing the darkness.  All was still, in the early morning, until suddenly the car door opened; a man got out of the car and left it running.  As he walked toward the man standing at the end of the alley, he took a drag off of his cigarette and thumped it to the side.  The man at the end of the ally looked around, took a drag from his cigarette, dropped it to the ground and stepped on it to put it out.  As the man from the car walked closer, the man at the end of the alley began to speak.  Before he finished a complete sentence, the man from the car pulled out a gun and shot him.  As the man fell to his knees, a second shot sounded in the dark night.  The man from the car took out another cigarette and lit it.  After a couple of puffs, he went back to his car and drove out of sight.  The red taillights of his car and the smoke from the car’s tailpipe slowly disappeared into the heavy darkness of the night.  A hard wind blew across the alley and blew papers and trash about.  An unmarked police car slowly passed the alley, stopped, backed up and then turned down the alley.  The detective quickly called for backup and an ambulance before he got out of the car with his gun drawn.  He cautiously moved toward the man lying in the street.  The man was dead; he appeared to be homeless.  All that could be heard were the sounds of sirens and the taunting bone-chilling wind.  The name of the detective was James Dyer.  He had been a detective on the police force for twenty-six years going on his twenty-seventh year as a public servant for the Louisville Police Department.  He planned to retire after serving 30 years even though his pension wasn’t as good as he hoped.  By the time the ambulance and backup arrived it was 2:10 in the morning.  His partner, Eric Guinn, was off that night.  After the crime scene had been gone over with a fine-tooth comb, there was no evidence of what happened and why.  It appeared the homeless man was a victim of a random act of violence.  All that was left that night in the alley was the shed blood of an innocent man, a light accumulation of snow and ice, a snuffed out cigarette and the wind blowing papers and trash about.
It was early the next day when Eric, James’ partner, arrived at the station.  James filled him in with the details of the night before.  The police opened up an investigation.  They looked for answers and asked questions on the streets.  A few days later, the police received the autopsy report and their first break in the case from dental records and fingerprints.  The homeless man’s name was Gary Howell.  He was an ex-detective from the Louisville Police Department.  Howell had worked with the police department from 1957 until he was fired in 1962 for police brutality and misconduct.  He had worked on the vice squad and was Detective Dyer’s partner back then.  After he was fired, Howell disappeared and no one had heard or seen him until his body was found in the alley that night.  The word on the street was that Howell was pushing and selling dope along with running a prostitution ring.  The police figured his death was from a bad drug deal gone wrong or a robbery.  Detective Dyer had not heard from Howell since he was fired form the force.  However, he did know Howell was angry when he left and was very disturbed by the system.  Detective Dyer and Detective Guinn combed the streets of Louisville with the help of their fellow officers; they left no stone unturned.  They hit the cold, chilly streets of October asking questions and looking for answers.  But, after a week passed, they came up empty.  They had not clues, no suspects or even a reason why.  More importantly, they had no idea Howell died with a secret.
Detective Dyer and Detective Howell had worked out of the downtown office for a few years.  After Howell was fired, Detective Dyer was transferred to the seventh precinct where he became partners with a young rookie, Eric Guinn; his current partner.  Eric started on the police force in 1960.  He came right out of the police academy with high recommendations.  Weeks passed with no leads or information until the police finally got a tip from a homeless man named Joseph Diggs; his street name was Snow Dog.  He told them Detective Dyer was buying and selling drugs.  And, he was also getting sexual favors from Howell’s prostitutes.  But, when Detective Dyer was confronted by his superiors, he denied the allegations and said he was being set up.  That it was all a lie.  The police searched for Diggs throughout the city to obtain more information from him but they couldn’t find him.  Detective Guinn stood up for his friend and partner.  He made a statement that he had never seen James commit any wrongdoings.  He believed him and would stand by him.  Detective Dyer’s superiors suspended him without pay.  A couple of weeks later, the police pulled Digg’s body out of the river.  They had no other evidence to prove Diggs’ tip so Dyer’s suspension was lifted and he returned to work.
About six months earlier, Detective Guinn met a woman named Sherron at a bar on 12th street.  They had a one night stand which led to an affair.  When they met for their second rendezvous, they realized a startling revelation.  Sherron was James Dyer’s wife and Eric was James’ partner.  But, regardless of the scenario, they still kept on seeing each other.  They were willing to take the risks.
The talk on the street was that Joseph Diggs (Snow Dog) was seen right before his death flashing a wad of money.  The police believed someone must have paid him to set up Detective Dyer.  Also, on the street, there was a lot of talk about Dyer buying drugs and soliciting prostitutes from Howell.  Unfortunately, they couldn’t prove anything and it was so frustrating to them.  Even when the ballistics report came in, they were still stumped.  The gun used to kill Howell wasn’t the same type of gun that was issued to Dyer by the department.  But, when Dyer’s superiors checked his locker at work to see if they could find something to shed some light on the case, they found a gun and it wasn’t the gun he had been issued by the department.  They immediately sent it to have it checked.  Sure enough, it proved without a shadow of a doubt that it was the murder weapon.  Dyer was suspended, once again, from the force; he was the prime suspect in the case.  During his interrogation, they questioned him about the gun.  But, Dyer stood firm.  He continued to deny all their suspicions and accusations.  He could not explain how or why his gun came to be used as the murder weapon.  He told them the gun was his own personal gun and he only used it as a backup weapon.  How it got used and put back in his locker without his knowledge he had no idea.  He denied all the accusations and insisted for some reason or another he was being set up.  They also brought Eric, his partner, in for questioning.  Even with the information about the murder weapon, Detective Guinn defended Dyer.  He denied knowing Dyer had a second gun.  He told them Dyer was an excellent detective and he had never seen or heard of him doing anything that would jeopardize his career.  He also believed Dyer was being set up.  When the police searched Dyer’s house, they found drugs hidden in the basement.  Of course, Dyer denied he had any knowledge the drugs were in his basement.  He swore he didn’t know about the drugs or how they got there.  Dyer’s wife was also questioned but she believed her husband was innocent and denied knowing anything about the gun or the drugs.  After the search of Dyer’s house, the district attorney believed there was enough evidence to arrest Dyer for the murder of Howell but they still wanted to investigate further before they brought him in.  As the investigation went on, Eric and Dyer’s wife felt they should be a little more cautious with their affair so they decided not to see each other as much.  She did, however, ask Eric to help prove James’ innocence.  Eric assured her he would do everything he could to help.  Eager to have enough incriminating evidence to bring charges against Dyer, the police brought in some of Howell’s prostitutes for questioning and to see if they could pick Dyer out of a lineup.  Without hesitation, each one of them were able to pick him out of the lineup and indicated they had been with him several times.  But, the million dollar question, in the back of the police’s minds, was if they were lying because Dyer insisted when they brought him in to participate in the lineup that he was innocent and he was being setup.  Plus, the word on the street was that Snow Dog was murdered to cover up the payoff he received for helping to setup Dyer.  After he spilled the beans on Dyer, he was killed so he would be kept permanently silent.  The more they investigated, the more twisted the case became.  An off-duty cop reported he saw Dyer’s wife, Sherron, and Detective Guinn leaving a motel together.  And, several others reported they had seen them together on several occasions.  That raised suspicions that Detective Guinn knew more than what he was telling which made them question if Dyer’s wife and his partner were trying to set Dyer up to get him out of the way so they could have a life together.
Sherron and Eric had been seeing each other for a while and it was hard for them to stay away from each other while the investigation continued.  Eric had fallen hard for Sherron.  The more they didn’t see each other, the more possessive and jealous of her he became and Sherron didn’t like that.  It made her realize she still loved James and she hoped he could get out of the mess he was in.  Out of his love for Sherron, Eric did all he could to help James with his situation because she asked him.  However, deep down inside, he knew if something happened to James or if he got locked up for life, they could be together.
The district attorney decided to offer the prostitutes a deal if they would agree to come in and answer some more questions and testify against Dyer when he was brought to trial in exchange for a slap on the wrist for their prostitution charges.  The prostitutes weren’t sure if they could trust the D.A. but they agreed to cooperate.  The prostitutes agreed to come in to speak with the D.A.  After several hours of questioning, the D.A. knew Dyer and Howell talked on a regular basis and Howell told them to perform sexual favors for Dyer; Dyer paid good money for those favors.  At first, the girls didn’t know Dyer was a cop because he never came to them in that way.  He always came dressed like a business man and he didn’t act like a cop.  The D.A. also learned the prostitutes had smoked pot with Dyer but they hadn’t done any hard drugs with him.
“Why didn’t you tell this information when you were questioned the first time?” the D.A. asked.
“We were reluctant because we didn’t want to get in trouble,” one of the prostitutes answered.
“If we had, would anyone have believed us?” another one said.
“Even if you weren’t believed it would have opened up some speculation,” the D.A. replied.
Then one of them said, “You’re talking to the wrong ones anyway.  You need to be talking to Mary Jo, she was Howell’s main girl, his queen.  If anybody knows anything, she does.  Besides, we are just his working girls not his queen.”
“Where can we find Mary Jo?” the D.A. asked.
Another girl spoke up, “Who knows.  She’s disappeared.  We haven’t seen her since Big Daddy Howell was killed.  If she knows what’s good for her, she has skipped town because her bread and butter has gone bye-bye.  I’m sure she’s looking for another big daddy.”
“That’s all we know,” another girl replied.  “Can we go?”
“Sure,” said the D.A.  “But, if any of you hear from Mary Jo you’ll let me know, right.”
“Sure,” they all mumbled under their breath.
“You’ll be the first to know, honey,” one of them said with a smirk on her face.
“By the way, sweet thing,” said one, “if you’re ever out there on the street and need a little extra special attention, look me up.”
“Okay, girls, get out of here,” he ordered.
As soon as Detective Guinn heard of the prostitute’s statements against Dyer, he went straight to Sherron and told her.  She had always suspected he was seeing someone but she never expected it to be prostitutes.  She was shocked and hurt which is what Detective Guinn wanted to happen; that’s why he told her.  He wanted to put another dagger in her marriage so it would push her closer to him.
The D.A. had built a strong case against Dyer.  He had more than enough evidence for an indictment against him.  However, even though the D.A. wanted to find and talk to Mary Jo, he went ahead and charged Dyer with first degree murder, buying and selling drugs and solicitation of prostitutes.  When Sherron found out James had been charged with murder in the first degree and the other charges, she couldn’t believe it or accept it.  She went straight to Eric, Detective Guinn.
“What could have happened to him?” she asked Eric.  “He’s no longer the man I married or the man I once knew,” she told Eric.  “The drugs, in a way, I kind of understand.  I know James was worried about his pension; he didn’t think he could make it on that,” she explained to Eric.  “I never thought he would resort to buying drugs and reselling them to make extra money.  But, I can understand why he did.  What I don’t understand are the prostitutes,” she cried out.  “There is no excuse for that.  Why?  Why would he do such a thing?  Why would he do that to me?”
“I don’t know,” Eric replied.  “I sympathize with you but only James can answer that question,” Eric said as he took her in his arms and tried to calm her down.  “I can’t make heads or tails out of it but I have never seen any wrongdoings out of James.  And, even I didn’t know about the prostitutes.  I don’t know this Mary Jo or how she fits in to all of this.  It is no telling what she is going to tell the D.A.  My gut feeling tells me it is only going to hurt James’ case even more.”
“I know,” cried Sherron.  “At this point I really don’t care anymore.  No matter how it turns out, I’m going to file for divorce.  I just don’t see myself ever forgiving him for being with the prostitutes.  The drugs, I can forgive him for but not the prostitutes,” she cried.
“I understand,” Eric comforted her.
Eric thought, at that moment, he would have Sherron all to himself.  He didn’t know Sherron was considering stopping her relationship with him because he was so overbearing and jealous.  She knew Eric wanted her to forget about James and be with him.  She was physically attracted to him but she had doubts about being with him since he had become so possessive; she felt smothered by him.  As Eric held her in his arms, she couldn’t think.  She didn’t know how to tell him it was over between them because she was afraid.  She knew she needed time to get things sorted out; she was so confused she didn’t know what to do.
The D.A. had the police put an APB out for Mary Jo.  They immediately began to comb the city for her and questioned people on the streets.  The news of the police searching for Mary Jo spread on the streets like wildfire; it was big news.  The police received several tips and leads but they all led to dead ends.  They checked the airport, train station and bus station but found no sign of her.  After a few days of searching, they were about to give up when a lifeless body was found in an abandoned warehouse along the riverfront; it was Mary Jo.  It appeared she had overdosed but luckily she had been found in time.  She was rushed to the hospital in serious condition.  It was touch and go for her the first couple of days.  They didn’t know for sure if she had taken an overdose or if someone else had drugged her.  After a few days, she made a turn for the better.  The D.A. was waiting to question her when she was able to talk.  The word on the street was that someone had tried to hush her up permanently to keep the police from talking with her.  None of her friends believed she would have overdosed on her own because she wasn’t in to drugs.  Apparently, she knew something because someone was trying to get rid of her.
Mary Jo’s condition improved so the doctors allowed the D.A. to question her but she refused to answer any of his questions.  They only thing she told him was she didn’t know anything.  But, the D.A. didn’t buy it.  He believed she knew something but was afraid to tell it because she was afraid for her life.  He continued to talk with her to make her feel at ease with him so she would open up and talk to him.  Eventually, she did and he was able to get a few questions answered.
“Tell me about your relationship with Gary Howell,” the D.A. said.
“We were friends, very close friends,” she replied.
“What about James Dyer?  Do you know him?” he asked.
“Yeah, I do.  It’s funny.  I used to talk about Big Daddy all the time but I never called him by his real name.  About two years ago, I told him Big Daddy’s real name.  It turns out, they used to be partners on the police force.  I finally convinced Big Daddy to come and talk to Dyer.  Big Daddy was reluctant at first but he finally agreed.  It was an awkward meeting.  However, they eventually relaxed around each other and were able to talk about old times.  Dyer tried to get Big Daddy to give up his business, get off the streets and straighten out his life.  But, Big Daddy was too far in and it was his way of life.  He was making a substantial amount of money and he didn’t want to let it go.  After a while, the tables turned and Dyer started using, buying and selling drugs for some quick cash.  He got too far in and couldn’t turn back.  He loved the fast money.  It got even worse when Big Daddy suggested he spend some time with his girls.  At first, Dyer resisted but Big Daddy hounded him so he finally decided to try it and unfortunately, he liked it.  He liked it a lot.  He hooked up with a few of the girls for sexual favors and they did drugs together as well.  He was a changed man after that,” Mary Jo said.
“Do you think he is responsible for Howell’s death?” the D.A. asked.
“No, I don’t believe he killed Big Daddy,” she answered.
“They were too close of friends.  I just don’t believe it.  Dyer was going to retire in a few years and he was upset about his retirement.  He didn’t think he would be able to live comfortably on his pension.  That was all he talked about.  That’s why he started buying and selling drugs.  He wanted to make some fast cash to help make ends meet when he retired.  No,” she said, “there’s no way I believe Dyer killed Big Daddy.”
The D.A. asked, “Do you know anyone else or if Howell had any enemies who wanted him out of the way?”
She hesitated for a moment and then said, “I don’t know of anyone.”
“Are you sure?” the D.A. asked.
“Positive,” she replied.
“Mary Jo, I need your help,” he insisted.  “I have a feeling you know more than you’re telling me.  I want to find Howell’s killer and I believe you want justice for him, too.  If you believe Dyer didn’t do it, do you know who might have done it?”
“I’ve got to have a cigarette,” she said.  “Do you have one?”
“I don’t smoke,” he replied.
He turned to the officer standing in the room with them and asked him if he had a cigarette and a light.  The officer gave her a cigarette and lit it for her.  She slowly inhaled and then slowly blew out the smoke.
The D.A. said to her, “I want to put away the one who murdered Howell for a long time.”
“I would love that,” she replied.  “At least Big Daddy would get his justice.”
“Well, I need your help to make it happen,” the D.A. said.
“There was this guy Big Daddy was blackmailing.  On several occasions, I overheard them talking.  Big Daddy kept wanting more and more money from him to keep quiet.  If not, he was going to turn him in.”
“Who was the man?” the D.A. asked.  “Do you know who he was?”
“I’m getting to that,” she replied.  “The night Big Daddy was killed he was going to meet him at two o’clock a.m. at the exact place he was killed.  I didn’t get to go with him because I had a client to take care of.  But, I believe it was the man he was blackmailing.”
“What did Howell have on him?” asked the D.A.
“Well, it goes back to 1962.  Big Daddy and I were in the alley on Dover Street and 10th Avenue when a car pulled into the alley.  They couldn’t see us because we were hidden by the darkness.  A woman was driving and there was a man sitting in the front passenger’s seat.  When the car stopped, they turned the lights off and started making out; you see a lot of that in my business.  But, it wasn’t long before things got real messy.  The man lost control, brutally raped and killed her.  She was a prostitute from the south side.  I knew who she was.  Her real name was Tammy Simmons but her street name was Blue Starr.  When the man got out of the car and began to walk away, he bumped in to a couple of homeless men who had witnessed the crime.  One of them was Wayne Sanders.  They called him Bear on the street.  The other man was Randall Wix or Snake Eyes as he was called on the street.  The man then pulled out a gun, shot and killed them both.  Before he ran off, Big Daddy was able to get a good look at him.  All three murders were never solved.  Big Daddy eventually found out who the man was and confronted him.  Instead of notifying the police, Big Daddy started blackmailing him.  Big Daddy told him if anything ever happened to him there was someone else who knew all about what he had done.”
“And that was you,” said the D.A.
“Yeah,” she replied.  “Can I have another cigarette?”
“Sure,” replied the officer as he handed it to her and lit it.
She took two long drags and slowly blew out the smoke.
“Do you know the man’s name?” questioned the D.A.
“Yeah,” she replied.  “I met him a few times when he met with Big Daddy to make a blackmail payment.”
“Who is he?” asked the D.A.
“At the time of the crime, he was a rookie cop.  He had only been on the police force for a short time.  His name is Eric Guinn.  The woman he raped and killed was Dyer’s half-sister.”
Both the D.A. and the officer in the room was stunned.  The D.A. had no doubt in his mind that she was telling the truth.
“Thank you, Mary Jo.  I really appreciate your willingness to cooperate.’
“You’re welcome, sir.  I just wanted to help get justice for Big Daddy.  I wish I had come forward sooner with this information but I was afraid for my life,” she explained.
“I understand,” the D.A. replied as he stood up to leave the room.
Within an hour, Detective Eric Guinn was picked up and brought in for questioning.  After tense interrogation, he finally confessed and signed a written confession.  He told the D.A. he knew James never locked his locker.  He had taken Dyer’s gun out of his locker that day, killed Howell and when he came back by the station, he put the gun back inside James’ locker.
“What about the drugs found at Dyer’s house?  Did you have anything to do with that?”
“Yeah, I did,” he said.  “I planted them in his house when he wasn’t at home.  I was having an affair with his wife.  But, she has no idea I did any of this.”
Detective Eric Guinn was charged with four counts of first degree murder and one count of aggravated rape.  He was tried, convicted and sentenced to death.  He is still waiting for his execution on death row.  He is scheduled to be executed this fall.  Detective Dyer and Sherron got back together but things didn’t work out.  About a year later, they divorced; they never could forgive each other.  Sherron moved to another state to be with her family.  Dyer lives on his pension and works a part-time job to make ends meet.  Neither Sherron nor James ever remarried.

*****

The Fall of Autumn
The Edge of Night to the Light of Day
A slow and steady rain fell as Loren quietly stood and looked out the screen door.  She never spoke a word.  The year was 1969 in her hometown of Caney Fork in Butler County, Mississippi.  Two weeks ago, she had received word that her boyfriend, Shawn Bryant, was missing in action in Vietnam.  He had been drafted in 1967 not long after he graduated high school.  She waited patiently with tear-filled eyes for the mailman.  She prayed and wished to hear some good news.  When the mailman ran, he didn’t stop at her mailbox.  Disappointed, she watched as he disappeared down the road; another day passed and still no word from him.  Maybe tomorrow, she softly whispered as she turned around and wiped the tears from her eyes.  Maybe tomorrow I’ll hear something.  Maybe tomorrow, she said.
The officers who came to her house and delivered the word he was missing didn’t know too much about the details.  They told her he was on patrol somewhere around Sepon, north of Da Nang when his unit came under fire.  Eight men were killed and when the chopper arrived to pick up the surviving men, the chopper took on heavy fire and went down as it crossed the Laos border.  He was believed to be on the chopper when it went down.  Only two soldiers survived the attack.  Technically, they didn’t know if Shawn was dead or alive.  He was presumed missing.  As the officers talked on, she was quiet and really didn’t hear too much more of what the reporting officer said other than they were sorry and if they heard anything they would let her know.  When they left, she dropped her head as tears filled her eyes and she fell to her knees.
“Why?  God, why?” she cried out in pain.
The next few days, she didn’t eat or sleep.  All she could do was think back on the beloved memoires of how things used to be.  She thought back to when they were children and remembered the time this boy was picking on her about her hair.  She jumped on him and they began to fight.  After a few minutes, Shawn walked up and broke them up.  As he stood between them, he asked what was going on and then the boy made another comment about her hair.
“Her hair is nappy,” the boy said.
She jumped at the boy again but Shawn held her back.
“Get out of here,” Shawn told the boy.
The boy quickly turned and ran off.  When Shawn let her go, he said something about her pigtails.  She popped him in the nose and it started bleeding.  
“I hate you, Shawn Bryant,” she said as she walked off in frustration.
“Come on, Jennie.  Let’s go.”
Jennie was her best friend.  She took Jennie’s hand, walked away and left Shawn standing there with a bloody nose.  But, deep down, at that very moment, she had fallen in love with him and him with her.
“Bye, Shawn,” Jennie said as they walked away.
Times around Caney Fork were good at times.  Most of the people who lived around Caney Fork were black but there were several white families who also lived there.  Caney Fork was a small farming community about thirty-five miles south of Tupelo.  Loren lived with her daddy, mama, two brothers and one older sister.  R.C. and Jeanetta Williams were her parents.  They had grown up around Caney Fork and raised their family there.  R.C. had given Loren the nickname of Weak when she was just a baby.  Everyone around Caney Fork called her Weak, too.  Shawn’s parents were Lewis and Brenda Bryant.  They had also grown up around Caney Fork.  They lived down the road from each other.  R.C. And Lewis were not only good neighbors, they were close friends.  Jennie’s parents had both died a few years ago.  R.C. and Jeanetta took her into their home to take care of her.  That was the way it was around Caney Fork.  Everyone looked out for each other and helped each other.
From the early sixties, there was marching and protesting all across the country for equal rights and against the war in Vietnam.  The rioting and fighting in the streets was making its way onto college campuses.  Across the south, the Civil Rights Movement was making its way with violent demonstrations, protests and marches.  The KKK came to Caney Fork often to harass not only the blacks there but the whites as well.  They would burn crosses in their yards and shoot their guns up in the air to scare them.  They burned barns and old houses.  They called them racist names and made racial slurs.  The Beatles, in 1964, brought in the British invasion; they turned the world upside down with their music.  At the time, the world seemed to have lost it all.  The country was completely torn apart; the bitterness and hatred drove the country apart.  But, it drove Shawn and Weak closer together.
As Weak laid down and closed her eyes, she hoped in her heart that tomorrow would bring a better day.  We have made it this far, we can’t turn back now, she said to herself.  The days lingered on and the nights were long.  Lewis and Brenda were distraught over Shawn being missing and so was everyone else around Caney Fork.  He was well thought of in Caney Fork.  Like Weak, his dad and mom waited and hoped to hear some good news.  They all prayed for Shawn’s safe return home.  As Weak walked the floor, she stopped occasionally to look out the door and then the window to watch for the mailman to run.  She prayed each day she would get word of him being found.  One day, as she stood at the window, she took her shaking hand, pulled back the curtain and looked out.  The mailman had stopped; she watched him as he placed some mail in her box and then drove off.  Eagerly, she ran out of the house to her mailbox as quickly as she could.  She took the mail out of the box and quickly thumbed through it.  But, there was no word.  All she got were bills and sales papers.  Disappointed, she slowly made her way back inside the house, sat down and began to think about Shawn and herself once again.  She remembered the times, when they were growing up, they would strip down to their underwear and go swimming in Hogan’s Creek.  He often made fun of her flour sack drawers.  They also fished in Hogan’s Creek.  In the early summer, they picked blackberries and would get eaten up with chiggers.  They played games like red rover, tag and hide-and-go-seek.  They used to hookup Shawn’s pet goat to their sled and he would pull them around.  They also caught lightning bugs and tied a string onto the legs of June bugs and let them fly about.  She thought how simple life was then and giggled to herself about the little things they did that meant so much to her now.  They loved to play in the meadow.  In the summer, they would lay out in the meadow to talk and think about the future; they figured they would always be together.  The first time they held hands and he put his arm around her was in the meadow.  She recalled how simple life was back then.
Several more days passed and she still hadn’t heard a word.  As she sat on the porch swing and waited for the mailman, once again, she thought back on their lives as they grew up in Caney Fork.  She thought about when they helped their parents in the tobacco fields.  She hated raising tobacco.  Their daddies would plow the rows with a mule and they had to chop out weeds with a hoe.  They would sucker the tobacco and top it.  She remembered the big old green tobacco worms they would pull off the plants; she used scissors to cut the worms in half.  When cutting time came, they picked up leaves and dropped sticks.  In the late fall, they would strip the tobacco and the only heat in the barn was a five-gallon drum with a fire in it.  One time, Shawn’s daddy told him to chop the grass and weeds out of the garden.  But, he didn’t want to because he wanted to play with Weak.  So, Shawn got mad and chopped up everything in the garden.  However, he paid for it dearly.  Lewis whipped him all the way home.  Her daddy and Lewis had some old hunting dogs that she and Shawn had to feed and water.  She remembered how they hauled in water from the well and packed in wood and coal for fire in the winter.  It was rough back then but life was simple.  When she saw the mailman coming down the road, she eased up from the swing and stood on the porch.  Once again, he didn’t stop.  He blew his horn, waved and passed on by.  No news today, she said to herself as she sat back down in the swing.  As she looked out across the yard, she noticed her flowers and thought back to their times in the meadow.  Shawn often picked her beautiful bouquets of wildflowers for her.  Bluebells were her spring favorite and black-eyed Susans were her favorites in the summer.  During the hot summer nights, they used to slip out and meet in the meadow to wish and dream.  She loved to write poetry and share it with him.  They built a treehouse in the woods near Hogan’s Creek.  It was in the treehouse that he stole his first kiss from her.  She remembered him getting choked when he smoked his first cigarette and getting sick from his first chew of tobacco.  She thanked God he never picked up those nasty habits.  He went to church with her a lot on Sunday mornings and on Sunday evenings they had picnics.  They vowed they would never leave each other and would always be there for each other.  However, times were not always as good.  She raised her eyebrows and thought about the arguments they had.  But, she didn’t linger on that thought for long.  She couldn’t help but laugh about the rooster they had that would chase him around the yard every time he came over to her house.  Why, she didn’t know.  She just laughed as she remembered the look on his face.  Her thought were interrupted when the phone rang.  She ran inside and answered it; it was Brenda.  They had received a call from the officers.  The crash site of the chopper had been located but Shawn’s body was not found among the wreckage.  It was possible that he could still be alive but they didn’t know for sure.  They were still looking for him.  If he survived the chopper crash, he could be somewhere in Laos.  Brenda told her if they found out any more, they would let her know.  As she laid down the phone, she prayed to herself, Oh, Lord, please let him be found safe.  As she went over and took a seat by the window, she was unaware of what was going on across the other side of the world.  She wondered if he was okay.  She didn’t know if he was hurt of if he had been captured.  In fact, no one knew.  The day soon passed and she hoped for a better tomorrow.  That night, she tossed, turned and tried to go to sleep.  Once more, she thought back about the past and how they had been caught stealing a watermelon from Henry Baskerville’s tobacco patch.  Even though they had stolen it, it was the best watermelon she had ever eaten.  She remembered how they used to cross the fence on old man Andrew’s place and steal green apples from his tree.  Shawn would climb up the tree, pick the apples and drop them down to her.  As she continued to think about Shawn, a smile crossed her face and she slowly drifted off to sleep.
Things were still bad around the world.  There had been a shooting somewhere up north at Kent State.  Blacks had to ride at the back of the bus and had to sit in certain places at restaurants.  There were whites only signs everywhere along with talks and demonstrations of integrating schools.  Young men across the country went to Canada to dodge the draft.  The war in Vietnam had taken its toll on the people and the country.  A lot of the soldiers that came back from Vietnam were spit on by people when they returned home.  The young men were already beaten down from the war and many of them were crippled and lamed from injuries they received during battle.
It was early one morning, Weak was sitting on the porch steps waiting for the mailman to run, when Lewis and Brenda stopped by.  They talked with her a while about Shawn.  They told her they hadn’t heard anything else and they believed he wasn’t alive.  But, Weak refused to believe he was dead.  R.C., Jeanetta and the church continued to pray for him and her.  Her daddy and mama were real supportive of her and had stood by her from the time she received word he was missing.  After Lewis and Brenda left, Weak thought about the time when she, Shawn and his daddy were on their way to Tupelo; they were run off the road by a couple of young Klan who harassed and threatened them.  Before things got too out of hand, two more Klansmen pulled up in a car, got out and told the young Klansmen to leave them alone and let them go.  The young Klansmen didn’t like it and disagreed but the older Klansmen stood their ground and made them leave.  She remembered how scared to death they were because they didn’t know what was going to happen.  To this day, they have no idea who the older Klansmen were.  They speculated that one of them was Lewis’ brother, Harold.  It wasn’t long after that encounter when things began to settle down but the bitter hatred was still there.  I guess there will always be some to hold on to it, she thought.  Eventually, the schools were integrated and life moved on.  She and Shawn were high school sweethearts.  They had endured many rough times together.  Jennie, who was always there for her, encouraged her to keep the faith that one day Shawn would return home.  Jennie finally married, had a child and moved away.  Weak’s thoughts were interrupted when the mailman came by and stopped.  She ran to the mailbox with hopes of some good news.  But, there was none.  There were no letters and no phone calls.  There was nothing but waiting, praying, hoping and wishing for some long awaited answers to Shawn’s whereabouts.  As she stood on the porch that day, she remembered standing on the porch with Shawn and his suitcase before he headed off to war.  He kissed her and hugged her tightly.  Neither of them knew what laid ahead for them.  She remembered a bad feeling had come over her when he kissed her again and told her he would always love her from the edge of night to the light of day.  He promised he would always take care of her.  She sensed, too, by the way he talked with a trembling lip that he may have thought he was saying goodbye forever.  She watched him walk away and get into Lewis’ car.  As they drove away, she and Shawn waved goodbye until they disappeared out of sight.  As she entered the house, she closed the door behind her, fell up against it and started to cry.  Lord, we have been through so much, she said to herself.  However, I know with your help, I can get through this.
It was 1969 and there was still not a word.  Weak’s daddy had passed and her mama was in an old folk’s home in Tupelo.  She drove up there twice a week to see her.  By now, all of her hope seemed to have been lost.  She helped take care of her mother until she died in 1970; it was the same year Lewis and Brenda died.  She attended their funerals and thought how much it would have meant to Shawn if he could have been there.  In 1971, she looked out the storm door, once more, and accepted the fact that Shawn was not going to come home.  I have got to let it go, she said to herself, and move on with my life.  In 1973, the U.S. pulled the last of the troops out of Nam.  Weak had recently married a man she had known for a long time.  He was born in Caney Fork but his family moved away somewhere up north when he was a young boy.  He moved back to Caney Fork and was the pastor of their church.  After they were married, he was appointed to another church in Birmingham.  They moved to Birmingham but they always considered Caney Fork their home.
A few months after Weak and her husband moved to Birmingham, a man with a walking cane stood upon the porch where she used to live and knocked on the door; it was Shawn.  A man came to the door and asked if he could help him.  Shawn asked the man about Weak.  The man really didn’t know her but he told Shawn he’d heard she had married and left town.  However, he didn’t know where.  Disappointed, Shawn slowly turned and walked away with tears in his eyes.  As he walked away, he remembered telling her that day on the porch when he left for Nam that he would always love her from the edge of night until the light of day.  Then, he thought about the war.  He remembered being shot down in the chopper and captured by the Laos Army where they held him captive in a prison; he was cut off from the rest of the world.  He eventually escaped and traveled south through Cambodia by the way of the Mekong River back to South Vietnam where he was hospitalized in Saigon until 1973 and then released to return home.  He, too, left Caney Fork but in his heart it would always be his home.

*****

The Fall of Autumn
Autumn Harvest
The fog lifted early one morning as the people around Tampa Bay began to stir.  The sun peeked through the clouds as they slowly moved out.  It looked like it was going to be a good day for boating on the gulf.  There were several people around the marina that morning as Rob worked on his yacht.  He was getting it ready so he and his wife, Suzanne, could get away for a two week vacation in Mexico.  It was nine o’clock in the morning when Rob finished preparing the yacht for their trip and he waited for Suzanne to arrive; she was running a little late and he was beginning to worry that something had happened to her.  As Rob waited, he sat down, lit a cigarette and watched the seagulls fly about the marina.
“The birds are really pretty,” he told another boater as he pointed to the birds flying around the dock.
Then Rob looked across the dock and saw a pelican perched upon a pole at the end of the pier.
“It looks like it’s going to be a pretty day,” said the boater.
“Yes, it does,” replied Rob as he took the last drag from his cigarette and thumped it into the water.
“You going to do a little fishing, today?” asked the boater.
“No,” replied Rob.  “My wife and I are going to take a little vacation to get away from things.”
“Sounds good,” said the boater.  “I think I’m going to try a little deep-sea fishing myself.”
“Good luck,” replied Rob.  “I hope you catch a lot of fish.”
“Thanks, man.”
About that time, Suzanne walked up with a couple of suitcases and a briefcase.
“Have a good trip; enjoy your vacation,” the boater said as Rob helped Suzanne with her bags.
As Suzanne got onto the yacht, she kissed Rob and apologized for being late.
“The traffic was back up something awful,” she said.  “There was a terrible wreck.”
Rob replied, “I’m just glad you’re okay.  I thought something had happened to you.  Well, I have everything ready to go.  So, sit back, honey, and enjoy yourself.”
Slowly, the yacht, Autumn Harvest, pulled out of the dock and eased its way out into the open gulf.
“It is a pretty day,” Suzanne said.
“A great day,” he replied.  “Look at the seagulls; they are so breathtaking?”
“They sure are,” she said.  “I can’t wait until we get there.”
As Rob eased the throttle up, the yacht picked up speed and cruised upon the open gulf; the marina slowly faded in the distance.  The wind was up a bit and the water was a little troubled.  But, Rob didn’t think it was anything to worry about.  Suzanne relaxed as the wind blew through her long blonde hair.  As they headed on out, they passed a Coast Guard boat.  They waved and continued on their journey.  About a mile out, Suzanne took the binoculars and looked out across the water.  Rob was at the wheel enjoying the trip when Suzanne yelled for him; she saw something in the water.  She handed him the binoculars so he could see what she was talking about.  Sure enough, it looked like something was in the water.  He took a second look.  It looked like a man struggling to hold on to a canoe which had flipped over.  The man noticed the yacht and began to wave and scream to get their attention.  Quickly, Rob turned the yacht a slight and headed toward him.  The waves were bobbing the man up and down as he held on to the overturned canoe.  As they approached the man, Rob recognized who he was.  When he turned around to tell Suzanne he was not going to help the man, she had a gun pointed at him and told him to help the man get on the yacht.  Rob had no other choice but to grab the man by the arm and pull him on board.  The man immediately grabbed Rob and Suzanne ran to the rear of the yacht and watched as the two men fought.  Rob scrambled to get the gun he had next to the wheel but the man got to it before Rob did and shot him which caused him to fall overboard.  As soon as Rob fell overboard, the man turned to Suzanne.
“I’m sure glad,” he said, “I put a tracking device on the yacht last night.  I was beginning to think you weren’t coming.”
“Oh, Joseph,” she said as she kissed him and put her arms around him.
“Did you bring the money?” he asked.
“Sure, baby,” she replied.  “It’s in the briefcase.”
“Where’s the briefcase?” he asked.
“It’s down in the cabin,” she answered.
“Well, go get it,” he instructed.
“Hold on a second.  I’ll be right back.  Here you go.  It’s all there,” she said as she walked to the rear of the yacht.
When Joseph opened the briefcase, it was full of newspaper.
“What in the hell, Suzanne?”  What’s going on?  What’s up, baby?” he asked.
“You, baby,” she replied as she pointed a gun at him and fired.
About that time, the big waves rocked the yacht and knocked her off balance.  It gave an injured Joseph just enough time to rush her and knock the gun out of her hands.  When the gun fell to the deck, it went off and hit the gas line.  Suzanne and Joseph tried their best to get to the gun but the yacht was bobbing up and down so much from the waves they couldn’t get to it.  Suddenly, a huge wave crashed against the yacht.  Joseph fell overboard and Suzanne fell to the deck.  Within minutes, the punctured gas line ignited from the heat of the engine and caused an explosion.  The yacht was engulfed in flames.  The Coast Guard noticed the huge cloud of black smoke climbing upward into the sky and quickly headed out across the gulf.  As Suzanne tried to get up, she had flashbacks of her life.  She saw both the good and bad times.  She recalled her childhood and brief moments with her dad and mom.  She saw herself as she grew up and her marriage to Rob.  She and Rob each had adulterous affairs.  She recalled when she first met Joseph and they began their affair.  She also remembered how she and Rob embezzled money from Rob’s company.  Rob had no idea she was having an affair with Joseph.  For a brief moment, she thought about how she and Joseph planned to kill Rob, take his money and go to Mexico.  Once Suzanne was able to get on her feet, she looked over the side of the yacht and saw Joseph in the water.  She immediately remembered the look on his face when he opened the briefcase full of newspaper.  That was the last thing she thought about before she had to jump off the yacht to escape the flames of the sinking yacht.
When the Coast Guard arrived, the Autumn Harvest was fully engulfed in flames and sinking fast.  They quickly pulled the two men from the water; both were dead.  They surveyed the area to see if there was anyone else in the water and that’s when they spotted Suzanne and hurriedly pulled her into the boat; she was still alive.  The bullet had only grazed her head.  There was no way the Autumn Harvest could be saved.  The only thing the Coast Guard could do was let it burn and sink.  Once it was determined there were no other people involved, they headed back to the marina.  When Suzanne looked back, the Autumn Harvest yacht was almost under water.  When they arrived at the marina, an ambulance and the coroner was waiting for them.  Suzanne was taken to the hospital where she was treated and released; the bodies of the two men were taken to the morgue.
Detectives Bill Mitchell and Brett McPherson of the Tampa Bay police force were assigned to the case.  Before Suzanne was released from the hospital, the detectives arrived to question her.
“Mrs. Fitzpatrick, I’m Detective Mitchell and this is my partner, Detective McPherson.  Can you give us a detailed account of what happened?” asked Detective Mitchell.
“I’m not sure if I can,” she said as she began to cry, “but I’ll try.  Rob, my husband, and I left the marina and headed across the gulf for our two week vacation.  I was looking out across the water with my binoculars when I spotted man in the water holding on to an overturned canoe.  I told Rob we needed to help him so he steered the yacht closer to the man and he helped him get on board.  Neither of us recognized him or knew who he was.  I wish I had never spotted him in the water because as soon as he got onto the yacht, he turned on Rob and they started fighting; he shot Rob and Rob fell overboard.  I was so scared.  When I started screaming, he told me to shut up or he’d kill me and toss me into the water.  I was so afraid, I couldn’t stop screaming.  That’s when he pointed the gun at me and fired.  The last thing I remember is falling overboard into the water.  The next thing I know, I was on the Coast Guard boat headed back to the marina.”
“And you’re sure you nor your husband knew this man,” said Detective Mitchell.
“No, I’m positive I didn’t and I’m sure Rob didn’t either,” she stated.
“Okay, Mrs. Fitzpatrick,” replied Detective McPherson, “that will be all at this time.  But, we will keep in touch.”
“What did you think about her story?” Detective Mitchell asked Detective McPherson.
McPherson replied, “I’m not sure.”
“Me either,” said Detective Mitchell.
Both of them believed the whole story sounded fishy.  When the autopsy came back, they found out who the unidentified man was.  He was identified as Joseph Mills by his fingerprints and dental records.  Joseph was an ex-con who had been released three years ago from the Florida State Reformatory in Jacksonville.  He served fifteen years at Jacksonville for attempted murder and blackmail.  He stayed out of prison for a few years before he had to go back and do three years for violating his parole.  About two days in to their investigation, the detectives found out Mills had a girlfriend by the name of Earline Rodgers.  They tracked down her address and went to talk with her.  When she answered the door, it looked like she had been crying.  The detectives told her who they were and why they were there which was to get some questions answered about Joseph Mills.
“Come on in and have a seat, detectives.  What do you want to know?” she asked.
“How long have you known him?” Detective Mitchell questioned.
“We started dating about a year ago,” she replied.  “I really don’t know too much about him.  He never talked too much about his past.”
“Did you know he had been to prison?” asked Detective Mitchell.
She said, “Yes, he did mention it but he didn’t tell my why.”
“Did he ever mention a Rob Fitzpatrick?” Detective McPherson asked.
“No, not that I can remember,” she replied.  “But, he was always on the phone.  Who with, I don’t know.”
“Could it have been Mr. Fitzpatrick?” questioned McPherson.
“I really don’t know,” she said.  “It could have been, I guess.  Again, I don’t know.”
“Was it a woman?” he asked.
She paused for a moment and appeared to become agitated.
“Well, do you think it was a woman?” McPherson questioned.
“At one time, I thought it was,” she replied.  “I never could figure it out because each time he talked to them, he only talked for a few minutes.”
“Miss Rodgers, is there something you’re not telling us?” asked Detective Mitchell.
“I don’t know for sure but I believe Joseph was blackmailing someone,” she nervously replied.
“Why do you think that?” asked Mitchell.
“Because, every so often Joseph would have a huge roll of money and he wasn’t working at the time when he had it.”
“Is there a possibility it was drug money?” questioned McPherson.
“No, I don’t think so,” she replied.  “He didn’t mess around with drugs.  He smoked a little pot every now and then but not that often.”
“Do you know Suzanne Fitzpatrick?” asked Detective Mitchell.
“No, not that I can recall,” she replied.  “Is she related to Mr. Fitzpatrick?”
“She’s his wife,” stated Detective Mitchell.
“Well, Miss Rodgers, thanks for your time.  That will be all for now?” said McPherson.  “However, we may want to talk to you later.”
“No problem,” she said.  “I’ll be here if you need me.”
After the detectives left, her phone rang.  She answered it and only talked for a few minutes before she hung up.
“Do you think Mills was blackmailing Fitzpatrick?” Detective McPherson asked Detective Mitchell as they got into the car.
“There is some kind of connection between the two,” replied Mitchell.  “Why else would he kill Fitzpatrick?”
“What do you think the motive was?” questioned McPherson.
“I think it was blackmail.  Let’s check out Fitzpatrick’s business,” replied Mitchell.  “Maybe something will turn up there.  If it was blackmail, something should show up in the accounting paperwork or some of his employees may know something.”
It didn’t take them long to arrive at Fitzpatrick’s financial firm.  As soon as they walked in, they were greeted by his private secretary, Jo Ann Green.  As the detectives spoke with her, she broke down and told them the firm was nearly in ruins; it was on the verge of being bankrupt.
“Why do you say that?” asked Detective McPherson.
“Because, Mr. Fitzpatrick has been embezzling money from investors for the past year.  He had the investors believing everything was all right.  He constantly told them the firm was in a short downfall because of the economy and it would bounce back when the economy stabilized.  The investors had no reason not to believe him.  And, they trusted him because they had done business with him for years and he had made them a lot of money.   There was no reason for them not to believe him.  But, the firm was worse off than Mr. Fitzpatrick let on.  Mr. Fitzpatrick had covered up a lot of bad investments with phony loans from overseas investors with bogus stocks, bonds, gold and silver certificates.  When I first found out what he was doing, I tried to advise him against it but he was too far in.  Things had gone beyond repair.”
“Do you know a man named Joseph Mills?” asked Mitchell.
She said, “There was a man who came in here from time to time to see Mr. Fitzpatrick but I don’t know who he was.”
“Is this the man?” asked McPherson as he held up a picture of Fitzpatrick.
“Yes, that’s him,” she replied.  “The last time he was here, I overheard them arguing in Mr. Fitzpatrick’s office and then he stormed out.”
“Can you recall anything else?” Detective McPherson asked.
“No, I don’t think so,” she replied.  “Oh, wait a minute.  I do remember seeing Mrs. Fitzpatrick in a restaurant with Mr. Mills one day when I went to lunch.  As soon as I walked in the restaurant, they got up and left.  Nonetheless, I have also seen Mr. Fitzpatrick out with a woman I didn’t know on several occasions.  However, I never thought much about seeing either of them out with someone else.  It wasn’t any big secret that Mr. Fitzpatrick and his wife had an open marriage.  They seemed to love one another; they just liked having affairs from time to time.”
“Well, thank you, Mrs. Green,” replied Detective McPherson.  “You have been a tremendous help.”
“You’re welcome, detectives.  Have a good day.”
“Where are we headed now?” asked Mitchell.  “To see Mrs. Fitzpatrick.”
“You got it,” replied McPherson.  “Let’s see if we can get her to come to the station for questioning.”
Once they arrived at the station, they called and asked Mrs. Fitzpatrick if should would come to the station to answer a few more questions.  She agreed and told them she’d be there in about 30 minutes.  When she arrived, they took her into the interrogation room and began questioning her.
“Mrs. Fitzpatrick, are you sure you don’t know Joseph Mills?” asked Detective McPherson.
“Yes, yes I do know Joseph,” she answered.
“Why did you lie when we asked you before?” McPherson inquired.
“I was afraid,” she said, “because I knew Joseph was blackmailing Rob but I had no part in it.  I met Joseph about six months ago and we started having an affair.  Joseph somehow found out Rob was embezzling money from his investors and he wanted in on it.  I didn’t want any part of it so I broke off the affair and I hadn’t seen him until the day we rescued him.”
“Did Mr. Fitzpatrick know you and Mills were having an affair?” asked Mitchell.
“No, not that I know of,” she replied.  “We never discussed our affairs with each other.”
“Why would your husband help Mills out of the water if Mills was blackmailing him?” asked McPherson.  “He had to recognize who he was.”
“I don’t know,” she said.  “At first I didn’t even recognize it was him until he got onto the yacht.    So, maybe he didn’t either.”
“That doesn’t make any sense,” stated Detective Mitchell.  “You had an affair with him and your husband was being blackmailed by him but neither of you recognized who he was.”
“I know,” she said.  “I can’t explain it.”
The more they investigated, the more complex the case got with several bazaar twists.  There were no witnesses to what actually happened on the yacht except for Mrs. Fitzpatrick.  Divers had been sent down to the sunken yacht to search for the gun, money or any incriminating evidence that would be able to shed some light on the case.  Unfortunately, they were unable to find anything because there wasn’t much remaining of the yacht because of the explosion and fire.  Without enough evidence or any other witnesses, they couldn’t charge Mrs. Fitzpatrick with murder.  And, they couldn’t charge her for embezzlement or blackmail because they didn’t know if she was involved.  The detective’s instincts told them she was not an innocent victim and they were determined to get to the bottom of things.  Needing to find a witness, they headed to the marina to ask if anyone had seen the Fitzpatrick’s the morning they left for vacation.  One boater did remember talking with Mr. Fitzpatrick that morning.
“Mr. Fitzpatrick arrived early that morning,” he said.  “When I talked to him, he was preparing his yacht to go on vacation.  Mr. Fitzpatrick had become concerned because his wife was running late.  He thought maybe she’d had an accident or something.  He was relieved when she finally arrived and was okay.  After his wife came, I told them to enjoy their vacation.  The last time I saw them, they were headed out across the gulf.”
The detectives thanked him for the information.  They continued to ask around but no one else at the marina could tell them anything.
It so happened, Mrs. Fitzpatrick was running late because she had to switch out the briefcases.  It took her longer than she expected to stop and buy an identical briefcase like the one she and Rob had put the embezzled and blackmailed money in.  She put the money in the new briefcase and stuffed the old briefcase with newspaper.  Plus, she got delayed by a terrible wreck on her way to the airport to rent a locker.  She rented the locker under a fake name to hide the briefcase of money.  To keep from raising Rob’s suspicions, she had to make sure she took the old briefcase since it was slightly worn.  If she had taken the new briefcase he would have recognized it right away and would have wanted to look in it.  Even though she was late, Rob never suspected a thing.
The detectives contacted Mrs. Green to see if she would come down to the station.  They wanted her to give a description of the woman she saw Mr. Fitzpatrick with to a police sketch artist; she agreed.  When the sketch was finished, detectives McPherson and Mitchell knew exactly who it was.  It was Earlene Rodgers, Mills’ girlfriend.  Mrs. Green told the detectives she had never seen her at his office but saw Mr. Fitzpatrick and the woman together several times outside of the office.  They thanked her for her cooperation and how much they appreciated her coming in.  Immediately, the detectives wondered if Mrs. Fitzpatrick and Miss Rodgers worked together to get rid of Fitzpatrick and Mills.  They went back to her house to see if she would answer a couple more questions.  When they arrived at her house, it was as if she was expecting them.
“Come on in, detectives,” she said as they stepped upon the porch.
“Miss Rodgers, we’d just like to ask you a couple of more questions,” said Detective McPherson.  “Why didn’t you tell us you knew Mr. Fitzpatrick?”
“I had nothing to do with the embezzlement or blackmail,” she replied.  “As far as I know, Rob didn’t know I was Mills’ girlfriend because we never talked about our personal life.  We just enjoyed our affair with no strings attached.  Our relationship was simply about sex and there’s no law against that.”
“Did Mills know about your relationship with Fitzpatrick?” questioned McPherson.
“No, not for a long time,” she replied.  “Joseph did his thing and I did mine.  He was too wrapped up in the money thing and cared less about me.”
“Maybe he did care,” stated Detective Mitchell.
“I doubt it,” she replied.  “He only cared about himself and money.  If he did care, maybe he’d still be alive today.”
Mitchell looked at McPherson and then said, “Thank you for your time, Miss Rodgers.  We’ll keep in touch.”
“No problem, detectives.”
Once again, when they left, her phone rang.  She answered it but only talked for a few minutes and then hung up.
The detectives were baffled.  They felt like they were constantly hitting a brick wall.  They desperately needed a break in the case, something solid to go on.  Without a doubt, they believed the motive was all about money.  The million dollar question in their minds was if the two women were working with Mills or if they were in on it together.  Weeks went by and the detectives were not even close to solving the case.  They had the two women under surveillance.  Ironically, they were never seen together.  The detectives figured they were laying low because they probably thought they were on to them.  Both women had stopped cooperating with them and refused to take a lie detector test.  Detective McPherson finally convinced a judge to grant an order for a wiretap to be put on their phones.  But, they still weren’t able to get any concrete evidence on them because they never contacted each other.  The case had basically became a cold case.  However, both detectives believed the women were in collusion and they had concocted the whole scheme to get Mills to kill Fitzpatrick and then Mrs. Fitzpatrick to kill Mills in self-defense so they could have all the money for themselves.
It was about two months before the two women finally made a move.  Still under the detective’s surveillance, they were each followed to the airport but they weren’t together.  Once inside, they went to separate bathrooms.  The detectives waited for them to come out with hopes they would lead them to the money.  But, they never did come out or so the detectives thought.  By the time the detectives decided to go inside the bathroom, the two women were long gone.  They had changed clothes and put on wigs to alter their appearance.  They managed to slip past the detectives and mix in with the crowd at the busy airport.  The detectives realized what had happened but it was too late.  The two women sat on a plane together with the money and were headed out of the country.  The case was never solved and it remains a cold case.

*****

The Fall of Autumn
Apt. 3 Across From Apt. 4
About fifty miles north of Nashville was the town of Muddy Pond in Giles County, Tennessee.  It was autumn there and the town was dressed with trees of orange, yellow and gold.  The ground was nearly covered with all the different colored leaves and a lot of people were raking and burning leaves.  The smell of the burnt leaves helped give the fragrance of fall.  High in the sky geese flew over honking as they made their way south for the winter.  The sky had a light blue cast and the golden light of the sun warmed the cool autumn breeze.  At the Executive House Apartments, 50-year-old Deborah Rivers was moving into apartment three.  Her daughter, Diane, and Diane’s two daughters, Kathy and Miranda, still lived in Nashville.  Deborah was divorced.  Her ex-husband, Rich, still lived in Nashville as well.  Deborah and Rich had been divorced for five years.  Deborah moved to Muddy Pond to get out of the hustle and bustle of the big city life but more importantly to get away from her ex-husband.  She was a retired school teacher who had taught English and literature.  Diane, her daughter, was a math teacher at a private college in Nashville.  The day she moved to apartment three, she met Jonathan in the hall; Jonathan was 60 years old and lived in apartment four which was directly across the hall from her apartment.
He spoke, “Hi, how are you doing?”
She replied, “I’ll be doing much better once I get moved in.”
“Do you need any help?” he asked.
“No, I don’t think so,” she replied.  “The movers have just about got it, I think.  But, thanks anyway for asking.”
“You’re welcome,” he said.  “Do you think you’ll like it here in Muddy Pond?”
“I believe so,” she replied.  “It’s quieter here and more laid back than the big city.”
“Yeah, you are right about that,” he agreed.  “But, I think it is nice here.  I don’t think I could make it in the big city,” he said as he laughed.
“Well, I’ll talk to you later.  It was nice meeting you,” she said as the movers brought in some more of her things.
Jonathan was also retired and he had lived in apartment four for six years.  He had a passion for writing although he had never had anything published.  He had been turned down by countless numbers of publishers in the past.  But, he kept trying, hoping and praying that one day he would see his work in print and sitting on library shelves.  After thirty-three years of marriage, Jonathan was also divorced.  He had been divorced for eight years.  Jonathan worked two jobs most of the time to make ends meet.  He helped raise his stepdaughter who was two years old at the time they got married.  Later on, his three grandchildren moved in with him and his wife.  Their marriage started off on the wrong foot and as the years passed, they never could get their relationship on the right course.  When the grandchildren moved in, their marriage became more shaky and unstable.  Things continued to change and their marriage hit a really bumpy road.  In the latter years of their marriage, his wife had an affair which drew the line with Jonathan.  The grandchildren went back to live with their mother and her third husband.  Jonathan finally filed for divorce and moved on with his life.  His wife, not long afterwards, remarried for the third time.  Sometimes, love is not enough.
As time passed, Jonathan and Deborah would pass in the hall and say hello.  Sometimes, they would stop and chat for a few minutes.  They became good neighbors first and then friends.  He talked to her about his books and she read several of them and gave him her honest opinion about them.  He always wanted to share his books with anyone who liked to read.  Eventually, she began to help him with them.  She corrected his spelling and edited them for him which she enjoyed.  She thought he was a nice man who had a passion to tell a story and who wanted to share his stories with others.  As time passed, the books drew them into a closer bond of friendship.  Not only did he love to write, he loved clocks, too.  He loved to hear them tick, dong and chime.  Deborah enjoyed them just as much; she was fascinated by all of his clocks.
Deborah met her husband, a minister, when he became the pastor at her church which is how they first met.  He was a nice looking man, single like her, attractive, sweet and kind.  They started out as friends that later grew in to something more.  They spent a lot of time together.  They went out to eat, shopped and went to movies.  After dating for a little more than a year, he proposed to her and they got married.  Everything went well for the first year.  When they were dating, she saw only the good side of him.  She didn’t find out until after they were married that he had a hidden dark side that no one knew about.  They had been married for about two years when his dark side came to the surface and things in their marriage began to change.  He lied to her and stayed out late without any explanation as to why.  He put on a big front with the church and everyone else to cover up his hidden problem with drugs.  The church only saw one side of him and he was well liked by the members.  But, she knew both sides.  She stayed with him because she loved him and wanted to make their marriage work.  She told him she would stand by him and help him if he admitted he had a problem.  But, he was in denial and he didn’t think he needed any help.  Finally, one day, she’d had enough.  However, she even told him the day she moved out that she would help him with his problem and stand by him if he would get help.  He never gave her an answer and denied he had a problem but he didn’t know she had found evidence of his drug use in the house.  She filed for divorce and moved on with her life.  A few years later, his dark side caught up with him.  He stepped down as pastor and gave up his church.  The members and the church headquarters had found him out.  He was in and out of rehab for years trying to get help but he never could let go of his addiction.  He continued to live within the dark side of his problem; it controlled him.  Deborah never remarried.  Love, sometimes, is not enough.
As time passed, Jonathan and Deborah would go out to eat, sometimes, and go to a movie together.  They would play old records and enjoyed the old songs of the past.  He would always say that every song holds a memory for someone.  They laughed and talked a lot as they exchanged their life stories.  A strong bond grew between them.  They had a deep friendship that neither one of them wanted to lose.  Over the years, they remained close friends and she continued helping him with his books.  They enjoyed sharing birthdays, church socials and holidays together.  But, the biggest celebration they enjoyed the most was when, with her help, he got his first book published.  To celebrate, he treated her to a steak dinner and a movie.
In high school, Deborah met her first sweetheart and they fell in love.  She loved track and field and participated in it throughout her high school years.  He played basketball and after graduation he went on to college to play.  It was during his time at college when their relationship changed.  He had a child by another woman which put a wedge between them but they remained friends.  He never married.
Jonathan’s first deep love was for a girl he met when he was growing up.  Her name was Jennifer; she was his special angel.  They met one summer at a swimming pool when she was visiting from Louisville.  She had come to stay with her cousins in Muddy Pond for part of the summer.  She and Jonathan were both young then, teenagers, you know.  The first day he met her at the pool, he nicknamed her sunshine because she looked so pretty in the sunlight.  From that point on, they spent the summer together at the park swimming and having fun.  Neither one of them wanted the summer to end.  However, it did and she had to go back to Louisville.  For the next year, they kept in touch by writing letters to each other.  Her parents allowed him to come visit her one weekend.  Her parents allowed him to stay at their house but he had to sleep in the basement.  Jennifer’s parents were nice people and so was her sister.  He even went to church with her that Sunday.  They spent all the time they could together.  They even went to a couple of movies while he was there so they could be alone.  But, the weekend was like the summer.  They didn’t want it to end but it did.  When he had to leave and return home to Muddy Pond, he missed her terribly but time and distance slowly faded away their relationship.  He eventually quit writing her and they went their separate ways; it broke her heart.  In the spring of 1973, his senior year, he received a scholarship to attend a university in Chicago.  When he went to school that morning, his teacher told him about the scholarship.  She was so happy for him.  She hugged him and wished him the best.  On the outside, he was excited.  However, for some reason he was sad and afraid on the inside.  He graduated from high school that spring and it was one of the saddest days of his life.  In the summer of 1973, he went off to college but only stayed for a short time.  He couldn’t go through with it so he returned home.  He felt something was wrong but he didn’t know what it was.  As he flew across the city of Chicago, the day he went off to college, he looked out the window of the plane, saw all the buildings and became afraid.  He thought if he ever got lost in them he would never find his way out.  When he returned home, he went to see his teacher and told her how he was feeling.  She suggested that he needed to get some help.  But, not knowing what was wrong, he didn’t.  He went on with his life.  He got an apartment, got a job and went to work.  That was his life for a long time.  He would go home from work each day, fix a bite to eat, close the curtains and go to sleep.  He stayed to himself and hardly ever went out.  Then one day, out of the blue, in June of 1974, he sat down and wrote Jennifer a letter and asked her if there was any way they could get back together.  Day after day and week after week, he waited to hear from her.  He checked the mail every day and hoped there would be a letter from her.  But, no letter ever came.  He understood and didn’t blame her.  When he didn’t hear from her, he believed it was all over.  Not long afterwards, he started to get out some with his friends.  In August of that year, he met a woman and they started talking on a regular basis.  It just so happened that she was moving to Muddy Pond in the apartment building across from where he lived.  Not long after she moved in, they began to date.  After only a few weeks, he asked her to marry him.  They chose October fourth of that year as their wedding date.  It was late September and he was at her apartment when someone knocked at her door.  When he answered the door, there stood Jennifer with her cousin and boyfriend; he invited them in.  It was a little awkward at first since the woman he was going to marry wasn’t there.  They talked for a few minutes and he told them they were getting married in October.  Jennifer, her cousin and boyfriend left.  He never saw Jennifer again.  Jonathan and his girlfriend wed in October and started their life together.  It was a bumpy start for both of them.  He eventually started seeing a psychiatrist because his haunting past resurfaced, once again.  In 1976, he tried to commit suicide and was placed in the psychiatric ward at a hospital in Nashville where he was diagnosed as being bipolar.  He remained with his wife for thirty-three years and took his medication faithfully.  As the years went by, he thought about Jennifer and often wondered where she was and how she was doing.  Many times, he wished he could go back and do it over.  But, it was too late.  He wished a thousand times, the night Jennifer came to the apartment in late September, he had taken the time to talk to her and explain why he ended their relationship.  He always wondered what she would have said and how she would have reacted.  He felt if he had told her, his life might have turned out differently.  But, he didn’t and always believed he broke her heart a second time.  Through the years, he often wondered if she ever thought about him or missed him as much as he did her.  He believed there was something special between them that would never change and with every rainfall, he thought about her even more.  Years later, he saw her cousin and her boyfriend who had become husband and wife.  He asked her about Jennifer and she told him Jennifer was doing fine; she was married and had two daughters.  She told him Jennifer asked about him from time to time.  He was glad to hear she asked about him and he was happy she was happy.
After his divorce, he remained single and never dated again.  He moved to the Executive House Apartments and spent his leisure time writing.  One day, he went to Deborah and told her something was wrong; he didn’t feel right.  She called his doctor for him so he could talk to him.  The doctor told him to go to the emergency room.  He asked Deborah if she would take him and she did.  The next thing he remembered, he was in the hospital.  He was admitted into the hospital and he was taken off the lithium he had been taking since he was first diagnosed as being bipolar; he had lithium poisoning.  It took him a while to get back on his feet but with the help of his friends and family, he was finally able to return home.  Not long afterwards, he retired.  He continued to live by himself and his writing kept him company.  He still struggled with his depression and manic states.  He had good days and bad days.
Through the years, Jonathan and Deborah remained friends.  They went through plenty of struggles and hardships together.  Deborah was a big help to him and he found comfort in her company.  Plus, he really appreciated her help with his books.  He knew he would never be like the writers he so loved who had books published.  Writers such as Poe, Dickens, Irving, Twain, O. Henry and Doyle.  He accepted the many handicaps that held him back from writing beloved stories to sit on library shelves.  But, he was pleased about the stories and books he had written and shared with those who love to read and for those who takes the time to read them.  He always gave the Lord praise for everything he had done and brought him through.  He also found comfort with his friends, family and five grandchildren; his stepdaughter had two more children with her third husband.  However, besides it all, his lifelong prayer was to see Jennifer again to make things right with her.  He wanted to apologize to her for the hurt he caused her and to let her know it wasn’t her fault because she had done nothing wrong.  He blamed no one but himself for the way things worked out between them.  People say the Lord has someone for everybody, a soul mate.  He always believed she was his.
Everyone has those things in their life they look back on and wish they could change.  Some things, unfortunately, can’t be changed.  All you can do is accept them and go on.  You may not be able to change the past but you can sometimes get closure for the things you have done by trying to make things right.
As the days and weeks passed on, through those so-called golden years, Jonathan and Deborah remained close friends and the bond of their friendship was never taken for granted because all they had was each other   On Valentine’s Day of this year, Jonathan sent Deborah a dozen roses as appreciation for everything she had helped him with and especially for her help with his books.
When it rained, Jonathan still thought about Jennifer and wondered if she still thought about him.  His wife once told him that he would never be happy.  And, he agreed with her.  The old songs of long ago reminded him of Jennifer and his lifelong mistake.  The swimming pool where they first met was demolished years ago.  Every time he passed by where it once was, he remembered that one perfect summer in his life.
Some people have many lifelong secrets and some have only a few.  Some are good, some are bad and some will be taken to their grave with them.  Life is too short; it is but a vapor.  But, when we face those things, we can overcome and move on to the next stage of our lives.  The circle of our life is made complete when we are able to mend what is broken.  At the judgment, some people’s sins will go before them and some people’s sin will follow behind them.  Life can be good.  When life deals you lemons, make lemonade.  If tomorrow ever comes, who knows what it may bring.  When you get old, you will come to accept living your life day by day.
Deborah still lives in apartment three across from Jonathan in apartment four.  The golden years have been good for both of them.  Jonathan still writes and Deborah still helps him with his books.  His clocks still tick, dong and chime each minute of the day.  Jonathan and Deborah still laugh and spend time talking about things.  They still play the old songs and enjoy their time together.  And, their bond of friendship is still, today, as strong as it was years ago.

*****

The Fall of Autumn
Witcher’s Lake
Late one afternoon, in 1978, Ricky and Crystal Hartley left Pleasant Hills, West Virginia in Monroe County for a weekend getaway to relax.  It had been raining all day but it didn’t damper their spirits.  They were just happy to be getting away for a weekend of relaxation at the Cave Hollow Retreat at Witcher’s Lake.  It had been almost two years since they had been up there and they were excited to be going back.  They had been married for about five years and the trip was going to be like a second honeymoon for them.  They had been looking forward to it ever since they started planning to go.  Ricky was a car salesman and Crystal was a nurse.  Ricky and Crystal had only driven a few miles before it started to get dark.  The rain had let up and a thick fog had settled in; the visibility had gotten bad and Ricky could only see a few feet in front of him.  He slowed the car down and was going about 20 miles an hour when he suddenly came to a stop.  A huge detour sign was blocking the road.  The fog had finally started to thin out and the visibility was getting better.  Ricky had no other choice but to take the detour.  He slowly headed down the narrow and winding road.  It was the old highway that was used before the new road to Witcher’s Lake was put in.  Taking the detour would take them about four miles out of the way through hills and hollows but it would eventually lead them to Witcher’s Lake and that was all that mattered.  Ricky cautiously maneuvered his way along the winding road.  The fog was letting up and the visibility had greatly improved so Ricky was able to pick up speed.  Crystal warned him and told him to slow down but he was trying to make up for lost time.  He told her not to worry because he had it all under control.  It had stopped raining and only a few patches of fog still lingered.  Ricky was happy things had cleared up.  He had relaxed a little until he came out of a curve and a big, buck deer was standing in the road.  He tried to step on the brake but instead, he hit the accelerator.  He tried his best to steer the car away from the deer.  The front bumper on the driver’s side hit the deer; the deer hit the windshield and shattered it to pieces.  Ricky lost control and hit a guardrail.  The car flipped over the guardrail and started flipping down the steep hollow.  When the car finally came to a rest in the hollow, it was upside down in the creek.  Ricky and Crystal were hanging upside down by their seatbelts; they were unconscious.  There was steam coming from the busted radiator and a little bit of smoke was coming from the car.  There was also a strong smell of gasoline and oil.  About fifteen minutes had passed when Ricky woke up.  He was in a lot of pain but his main concern was Crystal.  He struggled to free himself from the seatbelt and then he went around to the other side of the car to free Crystal.  The smoke from the car had become thick and a small fire had started and it was spreading fast.  He knew he didn’t have much time to get her out before the car would be fully engulfed in flames.  He was working hard to free Crystal when she suddenly came to.  When she saw the flames, she panicked and began to scream.  The car had started to pop and crackle and the flames had become really intense.  Finally, he got her free.  They were only a few feet away when the car exploded and knocked them to the ground.  They weren’t hurt bad but they were exhausted.  Ricky and Crystal were only able to make it a little way up the steep hollow before they collapsed.  They knew they had to rest before they would be able to make their way back up to the road.  Cold and wet, they held each other tightly and drifted off to sleep.  At least forty-five minutes had passed before Ricky woke up.  The flaming car had burnt out and the only thing left was a shell.  All their belongings were gone.  He woke Crystal up and told her they needed to make their way out of the hollow and hopefully someone would come along and help them.  Luckily, they weren’t hurt too bad; they had a few minor cuts and bruises but otherwise they were all right.  In the darkness, they slowly made their way up the steep bank of the hollow.  It took them about an hour to reach the road.  It was dark and there were no cars in sight.  The clouds had finally moved out and allowed the full moon to provide a little light for them to see.  Suddenly, they were startled by some heavy breathing.  It was the deer laying on the side of the road struggling with its last breaths.  They sat down upon the damaged guardrail to rest.  All they could hear, in the stillness of the night, was the haunting cries and sounds coming from out of the darkness.  After a few minutes, they decided it would be best for them to start walking down the road and hope someone would come by and help them.  It was about three in the morning and they had been walking for about a mile when they heard what they thought was a car coming down the road.  When they turned around to look, they saw some headlights coming their way.  Immediately, they began to yell and wave their arms to get the driver’s attention.  As it got closer, they realized it was a van.  The driver spotted them and clicked his lights on bright so he could see better.  The van passed them but slowed down just a few yards in front of them.  Ricky and Crystal ran toward the van as it pulled over to the side of the road and stopped.  It had started back raining; the thunder roared in the distance and the lightning lit up the sky.
“I’m sure glad you guys stopped,” Ricky said when the driver rolled down the window.  “We had an accident back down the road and we need a ride to the nearest telephone so we can call for help.”
“What were you doing on this road?” the driver asked.
“We were on our way to Witcher’s Lake,” Ricky replied.  “Can we get a ride?”
“Sure, hop on in,” the driver said.
There were several other people in the van.  But, it didn’t matter to Ricky and Crystal.  They were just happy to get a ride.
“I’m Brad and this is Lisa,” Brad stated as he pulled back onto the road.
“I’m Joey and this is Sandra,” Joey said as he reached out to shake Ricky’s hand.  “And, that’s Louis in the back.”
“Well, I’m Ricky and this is Crystal.  We really appreciate the ride.”
“We’re on our way to Witcher’s Lake, too, for the weekend.  There’s a general store right before we get to the lake.  We’ll stop and you can use the phone there,” Brad said.
“Where are you from?” asked Joey.
“We’re from Pleasant Hill,” Ricky replied.  “Where are y’all from?”
“Coleytown,” replied Brad.  “Do you know where that is?”
“Sure,” said Ricky.  “I’ve been through there a few times.”
“It’s no more than a spot in the road.  If you ain’t careful, you’ll miss it when you pass through,” Louis said with a laugh.
As they drove on, it started raining again and it was storming something fierce.  The strong wind pushed the van from one side of the road to the other.  It was difficult for Brad to keep it on the road.  To make it even worse, he had to dodge the broken tree limbs that had fallen in the road.  The lightning continuously streaked across the sky and lit up the darkness.  No one was saying a word.  The sound of the thunder and cracks of the lightning chilled them all to the bone.  Cautiously, Brad drove on and they soon reached the Dry Branch General Store and Bait Shop.  The store was closed but there was a small light on in the back of the store.  Brad, Ricky and Joey got out to see if they could get the owner to come to the door.  They banged on the door as hard as they could without breaking it down.  Within a few minutes, they saw a light come on.  They peeped in the window and saw an old man coming from the back of the store.
“What do you need?” the old man asked before he opened the door.  “What on earth are y’all doing out on a night like this?”
“We’re on our way to Witcher’s Lake.  And, our friends had an accident up the road and need to use the phone.”
“Come on in,” said the old man as he unlocked the door.
“Can I use your phone?” Ricky asked.
“Sure,” replied the old man.  “It’s right over there.”
As Ricky made his way over to the phone, Brad and Joey asked the old man if they could get some gas while they were there.
“Sure,” replied the old man.  “By the way, my name is Otis Taylor.”
“I’m Brad; this is Joey and that’s Ricky over there using the phone,” Brad replied.  “Glad to meet you.”
“Go ahead,” Otis said.  “I’ll turn the pump on.  Is gas all you need?”
About that time, Lisa, Sandra, Crystal and Louis walked in.  They wanted to get some snacks and Lisa, Sandra and Crystal had to use the bathroom.  Otis told them where the bathroom was and they hurried off to the back of the store.
“The phone is dead,” Ricky said with disappointment.
“It must be the storm,” replied Otis.  “You can come back in the morning and try it again.  Well, I guess it’s already morning but you know what I mean.  I can’t promise anything because phone service around here this time of the year gets knocked out easily.  Sometimes it’s out for two or three days.”
Brad spoke up, “You and Crystal are welcome to go with us to the lake.  I’ll bring you back in the morning to use the phone.”
“What do you think?” Ricky turned to Crystal and asked.
“That will be fine,” she replied.  “Besides, we don’t have too much of a choice.”
“So it’s settled,” Brad stated.  “Let’s pay for the gas and our snacks so we can get out of here while the storm has let up.”
As they paid for their gas and snacks, Joey noticed a picture on the wall behind the counter.  It was a picture of a young boy holding a stringer of fish.
“Is that your son?” Joey asked Otis.
Otis hesitated for a few seconds and then answered, “That’s my stepson, Scotty.  He used to work up at the lake.  That’s a picture of him when he was a counselor there.”
Otis told them how much they owed him.  They paid him and then hurried out to the van and got in.  They were back on their way to Witcher’s Lake.  Otis watched as the taillights of the van disappeared out of his sight and then he went back to bed.
“Ricky, have I met you before?” Louis asked.
“No, I don’t think so,” replied Ricky.
“You remind me of someone I knew years ago,” said Louis.
“No, I don’t know you,” Ricky replied.
“Are you sure?” questioned Louis.
“I’m sure,” stated Ricky.  “You must have me mixed up with someone else.”
“Maybe,” said Louis.  “But, you do favor somebody I knew years ago.”
“I’m afraid you have me mixed up with someone else,” stated Ricky as he glanced over at Crystal with a puzzled look on his face.
“Maybe so,” Louis laughed.  “I never have been good with names and faces.”
Brad drove on to the lake which was only about two miles from the store.  They arrived at the lake just as the sun was beginning to rise.  The early morning sunlight glistened across the top of the water.  The cabins were scattered about the lake; it gave the wooded area around the lake a cozy feeling.
“We’re here,” yelled Joey as the van doors flew open and everyone got out.
“Smell that crisp, clean air,” said Brad.  “There’s nothing like it.”
Once they all checked in and got their cabins, they unloaded the van and settled in for the weekend.  Ricky and Crystal helped them carry their things to their cabins since they didn’t have any bags to unload.
“Ricky, after I get a little rest, I’ll take you back to the store to see if the phone is working,” Brad stated.
“That will be fine,” he replied.  “I’d like a little rest myself.  Besides, I can call later on today.  And, I want to enjoy the lake.  It is really beautiful this time of the year.”
Louis asked, “Is this your first time being at the lake?”
“Yeah,” replied Ricky.  “I’ve never been here before.  I’d heard it was really beautiful and it is.  It seems so peaceful.”
“Crystal, let me know if you and Ricky need to borrow some of mine and Brad’s things,” Lisa said.
“Yeah, the same goes for me and Joey,” stated Sandra.
Crystal replied, “Thank you.  I’ll get Ricky to get us some things at the store when he goes to use the phone.  We really appreciate the offer though.”
As the morning rose upon the lake, the deep blue sky accented the crystal blue water of the lake and adorned the woods about it.  The smell of the crisp, warm mountain air settled in about the lake as the birds chirped and the butterflies darted about the flowers.  After they had gotten a little rest, the girls laid out down by the lake and enjoyed the warm sun.  Joey and Louis were casting their lines out into the water to do a little fishing while Brad and Ricky headed back to the store to see if the phone was working.  When they got to the store, Otis was helping some other people who were also headed to the lake.
“Good morning, Otis,” Ricky said as he entered the store.  “Is the phone still dead?”
“You can try it,” Otis said.  “I’ve been swamped with customers this morning and I haven’t had a chance to check it.”
Ricky made his way to the phone and Brad got in line to buy some night crawlers and crickets so he could do some fishing.  The phone was still dead so Ricky got some things for Crystal and himself.  As he and Brad waited in line, Brad told him he would give them a ride home on Sunday.  Ricky told him he appreciated it and was happy he and Crystal would still be able to enjoy their weekend getaway.  Brad went back to get something else so Ricky put his stuff upon the counter.
“Will this be all?” Otis asked.
“Yeah,” replied Ricky.
“These old glasses don’t help me much anymore,” Otis said as he rang up Ricky’s things.  “I need a new pair.  That will be $41.07,” Otis stated as he bagged Ricky’s things.  “Is the phone still dead?”
“Yeah,” Ricky replied.
“I’ll keep checking it.  When it’s back in service, I’ll come to the lake and let you know.”
“You don’t have to do that,” Ricky said.
“Oh, I don’t mind,” he replied.  “I like to go up there from time to time to get away from the store so I really don’t mind,” he said as Brad placed his things upon the counter.
“Is this all you need, Brad?” he asked.  “That is your name, right.”
“Yes, sir,” Brad replied.
“Are you a fisherman, too?” asked Otis.
“Sort of,” replied Brad.  “I don’t have much luck but I enjoy trying.”
“Me, too,” said Otis.  “My son and I used to do a lot of fishing at the lake when he was living.  But, that has been quite a while ago.  Oh well, you enjoy yourself.  There are some big ones up there in the lake.  Maybe you’ll be lucky,” he said as he giggled under his breath.
“Thanks.  I hope so, too,” Brad replied.
When Brad and Ricky got to the door, they both turned around and told Otis goodbye.  They headed back to the lake to enjoy the weekend with the others.  The rest of that day, they fished and did a little swimming.  That night, after they had eaten some of the fish they caught, they sat around the campfire, roasted marshmallows and told ghost stories.  When it was Louis’ turn to tell a ghost story, he told them his story was based on actual events that took place at Witcher’s Lake.
“It was in the summer of 1963,” he began.  “I was a student counselor here at the lake fifteen years ago.  Late one night, a few of the counselors were sitting around a campfire like we are now.  Most of the counselors had already gone to their cabins.  Scotty Taylor was working here at the camp as a counselor, too, along with his brother James.”
“Were they related to Otis at the store?” asked Brad.
Louis replied, “Yes, they were.  Scotty was Louis’ stepson and James was his son.  Otis was also a caretaker here at the time.”
The burning wood of the campfire snapped, popped and crackled.  The light from the flames lit up their faces as they listened to Louis’ story.  The chill of the night caused the couples to cuddle up together in their blankets as Louis went on with the story.
“Well, that night, Scotty and Betsy, who were counselors here, too, was seen leaving the campfire together.  They disappeared in the woods down by the lake.  Nobody thought anything about it at the time because they were a young couple in love who wanted to be alone.  Early the next morning, Betsy’s body was found in the woods not far from the lake.  She had been raped and strangled to death.  If that wasn’t enough, Scotty was found dead in his cabin; he hung himself.  The police questioned everyone and the investigation went on for months until they determined it was a murder suicide.  But, there was no suicide note.  Even though the police had their suspicions about the whole situation, they couldn’t prove it was anything other than a murder suicide.  What raised their suspicions was they found out James and Scotty had gotten in a fight over Betsy earlier that day.  James had threatened Scotty.  He told Scotty if he couldn’t have her no one would.  James and Scotty was always arguing and fighting about something.  They never really could get along.  When the police went to question James, he was nowhere to be found.  He had disappeared and has never been seen or heard from since.  The police put out and APB on him as a person of interest in a double homicide.  But, they never got any leads.  The police figured he had changed his identity along with his appearance to avoid being caught.  James was a prime suspect in the case.  The case was never solved.  It shocked everyone at the campground and it hurt the business.  I quit after that summer.”
“Poor old Otis,” said Lisa.  “It must have been hard on him to lose two sons that way.”
“Yeah,” spoke up Louis.  “He gave up his caretaker’s job and has worked at the store ever since.  I don’t think he ever got over losing both of his sons.  Yesterday was the first time I had seen him in fifteen years.  Even though he has aged a lot, I recognized him as soon as I walked in.  I didn’t say anything because I didn’t want to bring up the past and open old wounds.”
“I wonder what happened to James?” asked Sandra.
“Nobody knows,” replied Louis.  “He just vanished into thin air.”
“Maybe it was a murder suicide,” stated Joey.
“Maybe James didn’t do it.  He probably got scared because he thought he would get blamed so he left,” said Brad.  “I’m sure he didn’t want to take a chance at trying to prove his innocence.”
“Maybe,” replied Louis.  “I guess we’ll never know.”
“Well, I guess we are going to go ahead and turn in for the night,” spoke up Ricky.  “We’ll see y’all in the morning,” he said as he and Crystal got up and left.
Not long after Ricky and Crystal left and headed to their cabin, Brad and Lisa left and so did Joey and Sandra.
“Are you going to turn in for the night, Louis?” asked Joey.
“Not right now,” he replied.  “I believe I’ll roast a few more marshmallows and stay up a little while longer.  I’ll put out the fire before I turn in for the night.”
“We’ll see you in the morning,” said Joey.
“Goodnight, guys,” Louis replied.  “See you in the morning.”
As the couples disappeared into the night, the light of the campfire highlighted Louis’ face.  He roasted a few more marshmallows as he sat and looked out across the lake under the starry moonlit night.  Early the next morning, before anyone had gotten up, Ricky woke up and decided to take a walk.  He had no idea Louis was looking out his cabin window and saw him when he left.  Louis followed Ricky as he made his way down through the woods to the exact place where Betsy had been raped and killed.  Ricky was deep in thought when Louis walked up and startled him.
“Louis, you scared me,” Ricky said.
“What are you doing here?” Louis asked.
“I couldn’t sleep so I took a walk to enjoy the fresh morning air,” Ricky replied.  “What are you doing here?”  Are you following me?”
“My, my, isn’t this strange,” replied Louis.  “We’re surrounded by this huge wooded area and you take a walk to the very place where Betsy was killed, James.”
“Is this where Betsy was raped and killed?” Ricky asked with a slight laugh.
“I know who you are.  I watched you last night as I was telling the story.  After you left the campfire I began to put two and two together.  Wait until the police find out about this.”
“Oh, I don’t think you want to get the police involved,” Ricky threatened.
“Why not?” questioned Louis.
“Well, I also put two and two together.  You are the one who raped and killed Betsy.  She told me that you were stalking her and she was afraid of you.  And, you killed my brother.”
“You can’t prove a thing,” replied Louis.  “Betsy and I would have gotten together if it hadn’t been for you and Scotty.”
Neither one of them realized someone was listening to their conversation.  Ricky was caught off guard when Louis pulled out a gun and pointed it at him.
“You don’t want to do that,” Ricky begged.
“I loved her,” Louis cried out.  “I wanted her.  Yeah, I saw Scotty and her leave the campfire that night and I followed them into the woods.  As they were talking, I hid and watched them.  She and Scotty got into an argument and she took off through the woods toward her cabin; Betsy was mad and upset.  Scotty started after her but, for some reason or another, he stopped and went the other direction to his cabin so I followed her.  She must have thought Scotty was following her because she stopped and called out his name.  But, he didn’t answer.  She got scared and took off running.  I took a shortcut and caught up with her.  I grabbed her and tried to tell her that I loved her.  But, she fought me and told me to let go of her.  When she called me a creep, I slapped her and she fell to the ground.  I tried to calm her down and tell her I was sorry but she was kicking and screaming at me.  I kept telling her I loved her but it only caused her to scream for help even louder.  That’s when I lost control; I raped and strangled her.  I kept saying over and over in my mind that if I couldn’t have her no one else would.  The next thing I knew, she was dead.  I didn’t mean to do it.  I loved her so much but she didn’t want me.  We could have been happy together if you and Scotty would have left her alone.  I left Betsy’s lifeless body in the woods and went straight to Scotty’s cabin.  When I got there, I knocked on the door.  He thought it was Betsy because he called out her name when he answered the door.  When he opened the door, I charged in and overpowered him.  I hated him so much.  In fact, I hated both of you.  When I left, he was hanging dead from the rafters of the cabin.  It was you and Scotty who screwed it all up for me and Betsy.  She would have been with me today if it hadn’t been for you two.”
“James,” Otis said as he stepped out.
“Otis, what are you doing here?” Louis asked.
“I came to tell who I thought was Ricky the phone was working.  As I was on my way to his cabin, I saw him going into the woods so I followed him,” he explained.  “It was you who killed Scotty.”
“Shut your mouth, old man,” Louis demanded as he cocked the hammer on the gun and pointed it back and forth from Ricky to Otis.  “You don’t know what it’s been like living with this mess for fifteen years.  Day in and day out I’ve had to live with this.  I loved her.”
“I know how it is to live without a son,” Otis replied.
“For the last time, old man, shut up!  I’m going to have to kill you both and I’m going to start with you if you don’t shut up.”
When Louis turned the gun on Otis, Ricky jumped him.  The gun went off and hit Otis and it woke the others out of their sleep.  Ricky wrestled Louis to the ground and was able to get the gun away from him.  Ricky stood over Louis with the gun pointed at his face.  When the others got there, they found Otis lying on the ground bleeding from a gunshot wound.  Louis was on the ground and Ricky was standing over him with the gun.
“Brad and Joey,” Louis cried out, “meet James.  He shot Otis and was going to shoot me because I found out who he really is.”
“What’s going on here, Ricky?”
“It’s not what you think.  Louis is lying.  I tried to stop him from shooting Otis.  He’s the one who killed Scotty and Betsy.”
Louis cried out, “He’s lying.  Don’t believe him.”
Otis was able to raise up and tell them that Ricky was telling the truth.  Brad and Joey sent Lisa and Sandra to go call for the police and an ambulance.  Ricky told them the phone was working at the store.  Brad and Joey took the gun from Ricky and held Louis down.  Crystal, with tears in her eyes, ran over to Ricky and asked him if he was okay.  He assured her he was.  She and Ricky went over to comfort Otis until help arrived.
“I always knew you didn’t do it, James.  I love you, son,” Otis said just before he blacked out.
“Dad, dad,” cried out Ricky.  “Don’t leave me, dad.”
When the girls got to the store, they called the police and told them they also needed an ambulance.  There was a patrol car in the vicinity when they made the call.  By the time the girls got back to the lake, the police was already there and the ambulance arrived not long afterwards.  Otis was taken to the hospital and Ricky explained what happened to the police.  One of the officers remembered the case; he was a young rookie when it happened.  The police took Louis in to custody and Ricky (James) and the others went to the hospital to check on Otis.
After several hours, Louis finally broke down and confessed to the rape and murder of Betsy and the murder of Scotty.  He was a very troubled man.  Louis was arrested and charged with two counts of first degree murder, aggravated rape and two counts of aggravated attempted murder; he was facing the death penalty.  Considering his mental state, the district attorney offered him a plea bargain.  Louis accepted and was given life without parole.
Otis finally pulled through.  He and James had a lot of years to catch up on.  After Otis was released from the hospital, he sold the store and went to Pleasant Hill to live with his son and Crystal.  He only stayed with them for a year before his health got so bad they had to put him in a nursing home.  Three years later, he passed.  Brad, Lisa, Joey and Sandra kept in touch with Ricky and Crystal.  As the years passed, they, too, drifted apart.  Witcher’s Lake still has visitors each year.  But, now the ghost story of the 1963 murders has an ending that is still told to this day.

*****

The Fall of Autumn
The River’s Edge
It was a cool morning with a bite of autumn in the air.  A slow and steady drizzle of rain was falling; it created a fine mist in the air.  It was 1961 in the town of Hollow Creek, Tennessee in Warren County.  The leaves on the trees were colorful and had just begun to fall.  The sky was a clear blue with only a few fluffy clouds.  The smell of burning leaves sent an aroma of fall into the air.  The bite of the chilling wind indicated winter was not far away.
At a little donut and coffee shop in town, Gail Hesson sat at a table next to the window talking to a man.  The aroma of fresh coffee filled the shop.  As they talked, she occasionally looked out the window at the cars and people that passed by.  After a few minutes of talking with the man, she handed him a brown paper bag and then she stood up, shook his hand and left.  The man stayed and finished his cup of coffee before he got up and left.  He stood outside the coffee shop for a few minutes and looked around before he turned up the collar on his jacket and slowly zipped it up.  As the chilly misty rain continued to fall, he walked away and disappeared down the street.
Gail and her husband, Brian, had lived in Hollow Creek for about ten years.  Hollow Creek was located on the banks of the Tennessee River between the two forks that separated the river.  Part of the river was on the west side of town and the other part of the river was on the east side.  Gail and Brian were not originally from Hollow Creek.  Brian was from Arkansas and Gail was from Missouri.  They met one summer at Land Between the Lakes when they were both on a weekend getaway.  It was love at first sight.  They started dating and married three months later.  They didn’t have any children because Brian was unable to father children.  About a year after they were married, Brian got a job offer in Hollow Creek to work in the district attorney’s office.  Soon after, they moved to Hollow Creek and Gail got a job selling real estate.
About a month after Gail was at the coffee shop, Brian was there talking to the very same man.  Their meeting only lasted a few minutes.  After Brian left, the man ordered another cup of coffee and some more donuts.  As he sat there sipping on his coffee, he watched out the window as the cars and people passed by.  Once he finished his coffee and donuts, he got up and left.  But this time, he didn’t walk.  He got into his car and drove off.
About two and a half weeks later, three young boys were playing along the banks of the river skipping stones across the water.  As they walked along the river’s edge, they saw up ahead of them a man bent over a body.  As they got a little closer, the man saw them and took off running into the woods.  When the boys got closer, they realized it was a woman’s body.  They were scared half to death and immediately took off running to go tell their parents.  Their parents called the police and told them they would meet them at the location of the body.  When the police arrived, the boys and their parents were there waiting for them.  The body was lying face down.  Part of the body was lying on the river’s edge and part of it was lying in the shallow water.  It appeared she had been murdered.  It looked like she had been strangled and her neck appeared to be broken.  Detective Taylor Beasley and Detective Joe Sloan were the detectives on the scene; they had been working together for five years.  Detective Sloan took the boys and their parents a little ways from the scene; they had seen enough and the detectives didn’t want any possible evidence to be contaminated.  Detective Beasley surveyed the scene looking for evidence.  He had the police to comb the riverbank and the nearby woods to look for clues.  The boys told Detective Sloan they saw a man bent over the woman’s body but when he saw them he ran into the woods.  They give him a description of the man the best they could and they told him he looked like he was homeless.  One of the boy’s parents thought it may have been the woman he had seen on several occasions jogging along the riverbank.  But, he wasn’t for sure because he couldn’t see her face.  The detective thanked the boys and their parents for the information.  He also thanked them for their cooperation and told them they were free to go home.  Detective Sloan went back to the scene and told Detective Beasley what the boys and their parents told him.  They both speculated she had been killed up the river along the jogging trail, was thrown into the river and her body floated downstream and washed upon the shore.
The next day, the detectives verified the woman’s identity; it was Gail Hesson.  They tried to contact her husband, Brian, but they couldn’t locate him and he hadn’t shown up for work in the D.A.’s office; and, he wasn’t at home.  It seemed as if he had vanished off the face of the earth.  They also had the police looking for a homeless man that fit the description the boys had given them.  Unfortunately, with the vague description the boys gave, they didn’t have much luck finding him.  The word of Gail’s murder spread quickly on the street and so did information about the suspected killer being a homeless man.  The police pleaded with the public and asked if anyone had any information about the killing or the two men’s whereabouts to contact them immediately.  The police got a search warrant to check Brian’s and Gail’s home but they didn’t come up with any clues to help them solve the case.  The detectives worked diligently on the case and with no leads, they began to wonder if there was a connection between the two men and even thought they may have skipped town together.  From the description the boys gave, a sketch artist did a composite sketch and an APB was put out across the state for Brian and the homeless man.  Detectives Beasley and Sloan continued to work day and night to solve the case; they didn’t want it to become a cold case.  They did find out Brian and Gail had recently taken out large insurance policies six months ago.  The death of either of them would leave the other well off.  They had also talked to some of their close friends and one of their closest friends told them they had drifted apart over the years and had fallen out of love because each of them had brief affairs which deteriorated their marriage and caused it to fall apart.  Days passed and the detectives had no substantial leads and the two men of interest were nowhere to be found.  They believed the two men were the key to solving the case but they had no motive and no eyewitnesses.
One day, as they sat in the office discussing the case, there came a knock at the door; it was the captain and he didn’t look too happy.
“Come on in, captain,” Detective Beasley said.  “What’s going on?”
“Well, I hate to tell you this but Detective Sloan is being transferred to the vice squad.  He put in for the vice squad about six months ago and he has been granted a transfer.  Detective Sloan you start on the vice squad tomorrow.”
“Thanks, captain.  Working on the vice squad is something I have always wanted to do,” Sloan replied.
“Will I be getting a new partner?” Beasley asked.
“Yes, you will,” the captain responded.  “His name is Detective Larry Manning.  He has worked as an undercover officer for the past ten years for the Jackson police department.  Actually, he is waiting outside.  Hold on just a minute,” he said as he went and opened the door.  “Come on in, Detective Manning, and join us.  Detective Beasley, this is your new partner.”
“Nice to meet you, Detective Manning,” Beasley said as he reached out to shake Manning’s hand.
“Same here,” Manning replied as they shook hands.
“All right, men, Joe and I are going to get out of here,” the captain stated.
“Congratulations, Joe, on your new job,” Beasley said.  “I’ll keep in touch.”
“Thanks, Taylor.  I appreciate that.  Good luck with the case,” Sloan replied.
“Hopefully the two of you,” said the captain, “can put your heads together and get the case closed pretty soon.”
“Yeah, I hope so,” replied Detective Beasley.  “That’s my goal.”
The captain and Detective Sloan left detectives Beasley and Manning in the office.  Detective Beasley filled Detective Manning in on the case.  Detective Beasley made a fresh pot of coffee and the two detectives went over the evidence as they sipped coffee.  They did their best to find something that would help them solve the case but they couldn’t.  After looking over the notes and evidence, they both thought it was a murder suicide.  About two weeks after Detective Manning became his partner, they got their first real break in the case.  Detective Beasley received a phone call from the owner of a pawn shop on the corner of South Westland and East Winchester Street.  He told him that a man who fit the description of the homeless man they were looking for had come to the pawn shop to sell some jewelry.  Detectives Beasley and Manning immediately stopped what they were doing and went to the pawn shop.  When they arrived, the owner showed them what had been pawned.  It was a wedding ring set, a watch with the initials G.H. engraved on the back and a bracelet with the words To Gail, Love Brian inscribed on the inside.  After looking at the jewelry, they were sure the jewelry belonged to Gail Hesson.
“Did this man sign a pawn ticket?” Detective Beasley questioned.
“Yes, he did,” the owner answered as he pulled the pawn ticket.
The ticket was signed by a Walter Smalling.  Neither of the detectives recognized the name.
“Has he ever pawned anything before this?” Detective Manning asked.
“Yes, several times,” the owner replied.
“I appreciate you giving me a call,” Detective Beasley stated.  “If he comes in again, please give me a call as soon as possible.”
“I will, detective.”
On the way out the door, the detectives thanked him again.  With little else to go on, the detectives agreed they should stakeout the pawn shop to see if the homeless man returned.  They knew he could possibly be a tremendous help in solving the case.  Detective Manning staked out the pawn shop while Detective Beasley worked the streets to see if he could find out exactly who the homeless man was.  Most of the people he talked with was uncooperative and wouldn’t give him any information.  Finally, after a couple of days, he spoke to someone who thought the man he was inquiring about went by the street name of Gooch; he didn’t know his real name.  But, it put Beasley one step closer to finding him.  Meanwhile, Detective Manning was sitting in a car parked across the street from the pawn shop.  He was sipping a cup of coffee when he glanced up and noticed a man matching the homeless man’s description walking toward the pawn shop.  He took a closer look and it was definitely him.  He eased out of the car and had almost caught up with him when the man turned around, saw him and took off running.  Manning took off after him but lost him in the crowd.  Manning radioed Beasley and told him what had happened.  Beasley told him to continue to watch the pawn shop in case he came back.  A few hours later, Detective Beasley got an anonymous tip.  He was told that Gooch hung out a lot at an old abandoned tobacco warehouse on the riverfront north of town.  With not much else to go on, he decided to check it out.  It didn’t take him long to arrive at the warehouse.  When he pulled up, his gut instinct told him to call Manning for backup.  As he slowly got out of his car, he eased his way inside the warehouse with his gun drawn.  Cautiously, he searched the building for Gooch.  He made his way about the building but didn’t see any sign of him.  He decided to hide out in one of the tobacco stick stalls and wait to see if he showed up.  As soon as he entered the stall, he was startled when he saw a man’s dead body.  He was backing away from the body when he heard something.  He quickly turned around to see what it was and there stood Gooch.
“Gooch, hold it!” Detective Beasley yelled before he fired a warning shot into the air and yelled for him to stop again.
Gooch had immediately stopped in his tracks when he heard the gunshot.
“Put your hands behind your head and get on your knees,” Detective Beasley demanded.
“Don’t shoot,” Gooch cried out.
Detective Manning had just walked inside the warehouse when the shot was fired.  He drew his gun and ran toward the direction of the gunshot.  He rounded the corner and saw Gooch on his knees with his hands behind his back.
“Are you okay, partner?” he asked Beasley.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Beasley replied as he cuffed Gooch and helped him to his feet.
Beasley called in and requested for the coroner to be sent to the scene and an officer to transport Gooch to the station.  When the police car arrive, Detective Manning took Gooch and put him in the back of the police car.  Detectives Beasley and Manning combed the crime scene for clues as they waited for the coroner to arrive.  They both speculated the victim was Brian Hesson but, at the time, they weren’t for sure because the body had begun to decompose and there was no identification on the body.  The man appeared to have been dead for weeks and had one gunshot wound to the head.  The coroner finally arrived and removed the body.
It only took a couple of days for the coroner to positively identify the body.  It was Brian Hesson.  He had been killed about a week after his wife Gail was killed.
When the detectives got back to the station, they brought Gooch into the interrogation room for questioning.  Detective Beasley started questioning Gooch about Gail Hesson.  He was reluctant at first but he eventually opened up and started answering the questions.
“Did you dump Gail’s body on the river’s edge?” Beasley asked.
“No, I didn’t,” he responded.  “I took a shortcut through the woods to get to the river.  When I came out of the woods, I found her body lying at the edge of the river; she was already dead.”
“Go on,” instructed Beasley.
“I noticed she had on a lot of jewelry and I needed money.  I looked around and I didn’t see anyone so I took it.  I didn’t think it would matter,” he stated.  “She was already dead and she wouldn’t need it anymore.”
“Go on,” Beasley said.
“As I bent down to get the jewelry, I heard someone talking.  When I looked up, I saw the three boys coming down the river toward me so I quickly yanked the jewelry off of her and took off running through the woods.”
“Then what?” he asked.
“Well, I laid low for a while because I heard on the street the police was looking to question a homeless man for the murder.  I knew they were talking about me.  But, I swear to you,” he said, “all I did was take the jewelry.  That’s all.  I know it was wrong but I needed some quick money,” he explained.  “I swear to you I didn’t kill her.”
“Why did you run?” Manning questioned.
“I was afraid,” he replied.  “I knew no one would believe me and it would have been pinned on me.  I didn’t want to go to jail for something I didn’t do.”
“What about Brian Hesson?” Beasley asked.
“Who is Brian Hesson?”
“Gail’s husband.  The dead man found in the warehouse,” replied Beasley.
Gooch didn’t respond.  He just dropped his head into his hands and rubbed his head.
“Well,” Beasley said.
“I was living in the abandoned warehouse and one evening when I came in, I found the body.  The man was already dead,” he stated.  “I didn’t see nothing or hear nothing.”
“Are you sure?” questioned Manning.
“I told you.  He was already dead when I found him.  No, I didn’t see or hear nothing and I didn’t kill him either.”
“So, you’re saying,” replied Manning, “that you found two dead bodies and you have no idea how either of them died.”
“That’s right,” he stated.  “I don’t know nothing.”
Frustrated, the two detectives left the room.
“What do you think?” asked Manning.
“I don’t really know,” Beasley replied.  “But, I don’t believe he killed them.  What do you think?”
“I don’t think he killed them but I do believe he knows more than he’s telling,” said Manning.
“Yeah, I think so, too,” replied Beasley.
They went back to the interrogation room and questioned Gooch some more.  They were sure he knew more than he was telling and they were determined to find out what it was but they couldn’t get him to break.  All he kept telling them was he wanted a lawyer.  After a couple of hours, they finally gave up and took him back to his cell.
“I’m sure he didn’t kill them,” stated Beasley.  “But, I know he’s hiding something.”
“If he is,” replied Detective Manning, “he’s probably afraid to tell us.”
“Afraid or not, I still believe he saw or heard something and we have to find a way to get him to tell us what he knows.”
Early the next morning, Detective Beasley arrived at the station.  He hadn’t been in his office a good two minutes when one of the jailers came in and told him Gooch wanted to talk to him and the D.A.; he wanted to make a plea deal.  Detective Beasley contacted the D.A. and he agreed to meet with Gooch about a plea deal.  Beasley and the D.A. met with Gooch in the interrogation room.  Detective Manning wasn’t there because he had called in and said he would be late.
“So, Gooch, you want to make a deal,” said the D.A.
“Yes, sir,” Gooch nervously replied.
“What kind of deal?” asked the D.A.
“I’ll tell you everything I know if you give me probation,” he said, “for stealing the jewelry.”
“How do we know what you tell us will help us?” questioned the D.A.
“Oh, it will,” replied Gooch.  “I know who killed Brian and Gail Hesson.”
“Why didn’t you tell us yesterday” spoke up Beasley.  “What made you change your mind?”
“I don’t know.  I was afraid.  I guess…”
“Tell us what you know,” interrupted the D.A., “and I’ll try to work out a deal with you.”
“The night Brian was killed, I was there in the warehouse when I heard two men talking.  I snuck close enough to them so I could watch and listen but further enough away so they wouldn’t see me.  The killer had Brian meet him at the warehouse to finish paying him for the murder of his wife.  From the way I understand, Gail and Brian had hired the same man.  Gail hired him to kill Brian and Brian hired him to kill Gail.  I know it sounds unbelievable but it’s true.  When Brian gave him the rest of the money, he shot and killed him.”
“Who was the killer?” asked the D.A.  “What’s his name?”
“I didn’t recognize him at first but later on I realized who he was.”
“Who is he?” asked Beasley.
“It’s…it is Detective Manning,” stuttered Gooch.
“What!” cried out the D.A.  “Are you positive?”
“Do you know what you’re implying?” questioned Beasley.
Before Gooch could say anything else, they were interrupted when Detective Manning walked into the interrogation room.  Everything got quiet.
“What’s going on?” Manning asked.
“Gooch wants to make a plea deal and he requested to speak with the D.A.”
“What is he asking for?” questioned Manning.
“He wants probation for his theft charge,” answered the D.A.
“Did he tell you anything else?” asked Manning.
“No, not much,” replied Beasley.
Gooch’s meeting with Beasley and the D.A. came to an abrupt end and Gooch was sent back to his cell.  The D.A. told Detective Beasley he would speak with him later.  Beasley and Manning went back to the office but they didn’t talk much; Beasley didn’t know what to say to Manning so he just sat in silence.  However, he noticed Manning seemed to be worried and agitated.  Manning finally left and told Beasley he’d be back later.  Beasley was on his way to get a snack when he saw Detective Sloan in the hallway.
“Hey, Joe.  It’s good to see you again,” greeted Beasley.
“You, too,” replied Joe.
“How’s it been going with the vice squad?” inquired Beasley.
“Oh, it’s work,” he replied.  “It keeps me very busy.  There are a lot more things going on than I thought.  How’s the Hesson case coming along?”
“We are still working on it,” he replied.  “But, I think we’re close to solving it.”
“Yeah, I heard you finally brought in the homeless man for questioning,” said Joe.  “Gooch is his name, I believe.”
“Yeah,” he replied, “we did.”
“Do you think he did it?” Joe asked.
“No,” replied Beasley.  “I don’t believe he did it.  But, he knows who did.”
“Really.  Is he talking?” questioned Joe.
“Yeah, Beasley responded.
“Well, that’s good.  How do you like working with Manning?” Joe asked.
“He’s okay,” replied Beasley.  “Do you know anything about him?”
“No,” replied Joe.  “Why?”
“No reason,” Beasley replied.
“Is there something going on with Manning?” Joe questioned.
“Why, what do you mean by that?”
“I was just wondering,” Joe replied.  “I saw him talking to Hook on the street a few days ago.”
“Are you talking about Hook the loan shark?” Beasley asked.
“Yeah,” replied Joe.
“I wonder what they were talking about,” Beasley stated.
“I don’t know,” said Joe.  “But, I did see him hand Hook a large brown envelope.  After he gave him the envelope, he left.”
“Hmm, I see,” Beasley replied.  “Well, it was good to see you again, Joe.  I’ve got to go.  I’ll keep in touch.”
“Okay,” he replied.  “I’ll see you around.”
Detective Beasley left and went downtown to find Hook.  As he drove around looking from Hook, he thought about what Gooch and Detective Sloan had told him and tried to put the puzzle together.  It took him about two hours to find Hook.  He spotted him standing on a corner talking to a couple of prostitutes.  He parked his car, got out and crossed the street to go over and talk with him.  When the prostitutes saw him coming, they walked away and left Hook standing there.
“Hey, man, what’s going on?” Hook asked.
“I need some information,” he replied.  “I don’t want to hear you can’t help me; I want some answers,” he demanded as he shoved Hook against the building.
“Hey, man, what’s the deal” cried out Hook.  “What do you want, man?  I haven’t done nothing.”
“I want to know what the deal is between you and Larry Manning.”
“Oh, nothing, man,” replied Hook.  “We just had a little business deal is all.”
“What kind of business deal?” questioned Beasley.
“Hey, man, that’s between Larry and me.  It’s none of your business.”
“Well, I’m making it my business,” Beasley said as he shoved him against the building again.
“Man, keep your hands off of me,” Hook said with frustration.
“Not until you tell me what’s going on between the two of you,” he replied.  “All you have to do is tell me what the deal is between you and Larry.”
“Okay, okay, man!  Back off and let me go,” replied Hook.  “I’ll tell you if it’ll get you to leave me alone.  He owed me some money.”
“Money for what?” he asked.
“He had a big gambling debt he owed and I loaned him the money to pay it off,” replied Hook.
“How much money?”
“Twenty-five thousand dollars, what’s the big deal,” cried out Hook.  “He paid me back so we’re good now.  Me and Larry are cool.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Beasley said as he walked away.
As he crossed the street and got into his car, he still couldn’t put the pieces of the puzzle together.  Things just weren’t adding up.
As Beasley was driving away, Hook shot him a bird and yelled, “Thank you, too.”
On his way back to the station, Detective Beasley tossed the evidence over and over and back and forth in his mind.  When he arrived at the station, he headed straight to the D.A.’s office.  He told the D.A. what he had found out about Manning.  The D.A. believed there was enough evidence to arrest him; they had an eyewitness and a motive.  Within an hour, Manning was arrested and charged with two counts of first degree murder.  A few months later, Manning went to trial; Gooch and Hook testified against him.  The jury found him guilty of both counts of murder and he received fifty years to life in prison.  Gooch received probation for his theft charge.


*****
Discover other titles by Bobby A. Troutt at Smashwords.com
Beyond the Truth
A Cry in the Wind
Thistles and Thorns
Dead Limbs and Leaves
Troubled Waters
When Autumn Falls
When Time Was
Bittersweet
Sycamore Tales
Stepping Out on a Limb
Odds n Ends
Turning Point
The Fall of Night
In Times of Quitting
Still Wind, Forgotten Days
In Times of Trouble
Special Moments

Bobby A. Troutt is a southern writer who writes a variety of short stories, spiritual books and children’s books.
