
The Girl in the Field
or
Underwood ’67

by
John Eider

Copyright 2021
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Introduction – Crook’s Corner


Summer, 1967


It was still dark as the old woodsman left his cabin on the outskirts of town. His work would take all day, and he wanted to start early. Sorrow’s Field was three miles away, where an old and diseased tree needed uprooting. So, he set off with his saw, his axe and a length of rope.
A mile along the road, the sun was rising from the sea off the Norfolk coast. It was a pure morning light, unsullied by the knowledge of the day to come.
He walked south, shadowing the coast. To the other side of him were endless fields of wheat, dry and tall, swaying in the slightest breeze – they would need to be brought in soon or the grasses would start toppling, and the crop would be lost. The woodsman knew the farmer though, and knew he was a wise man – he knew what he was doing, and would wait until the very last moment to gather the harvest.
The woodsman would turn west soon, heading inland, to where a knot of woods interrupted the crop fields. Here he found a lot of his work, when he wasn’t pruning apple trees in the orchards nearer town, or tending gardens for his neighbours.
Crook’s Corner was the name of the crossroads he would take. The old woodsman remembered, as a boy, hearing tales of this place from his father,
‘Well, lad, it’s called Crook’s Corner ‘cos in the old days, bad un’s would be brought to a crossroads to be hung.’
‘No, no, no,’ would say his father’s father, the same argument each time, ‘it’s called Crook’s Corner on account of there once being a huge, crooked tree there. It was the only landmark for miles, till the lightning brought it down. “I’ll meet you at the crooked corner,” we’d say, if we wanted to go someplace out of the way, if you catch my meaning! I called your grandma out to meet me there, God rest her. You’ve a lot to thank that crossroads for, my lad.’
The woodsman could still see the gleam in his grandpa’s eye.
As a youth, reading books of highwaymen and derring-do, he took the hanging story in with glee. Though, as an older man, he favoured the second story: for there had indeed been a huge tree near there – he could still see the pit in the earth from where it fell.
By the time he reached Crook’s Corner, the sun was fully up. He took in the stillness: the dew-dampened low stone walls, the silence but for the swaying wheat. It was the same sensation as he had known on a thousand mornings before.
But this time something new caught his eye; a dash of colour. He looked to the field on his left side. It was a flattened corner; an open patch where the wheat was scruffy at the edge of the road, running up against a half-tumbled wall.
He saw the flash of brightness, and stopped. He knew he had to stop. He walked up to the wall and tried to make it out. Was it a stricken animal? Or the colours of a bird? But he knew it was neither of those things.
It was the bright-blue fabric of a dress, belonging to a young woman with slender arms and short blonde hair. And she was lying in the grass, in a snapshot of movement, and she looked as though she were running.
Day 1 – Wednesday


Chapter 1 – The Body


‘I’m here too late,’ said a dark-suited man as he rushed from the long black taxi towards the field with its yellow grasses. Already an ambulance was moving away slowly, watched by a small clutch of earnest men with side-parted hair and white overcoats.
He paced towards them anyway, running up against the low, shambling wall that ringed the field and where a small crowd had gathered. There, he was surprised to see the figure still lying in view.
‘Thank God,’ he said to the dead girl. ‘I’ve caught you up.’
After his relief though, he remembered the ambulance. He looked up, alarmed; but it was only turning around to enter backwards through the gate.
‘Don’t come any closer!’ he instructed the driver loudly. The dark-suited man came around the corner of the field to find its entrance, though when he reached the gate it was blocked by a young man, also formally dressed, and two sombre figures in white, holding either end of an empty stretcher.
‘Sir, we need to take her,’ said the young officer. Like the newcomer, he had neat hair, a serious expression, and hadn’t loosened his tie or collar despite the warm weather.
‘Two minutes,’ said the rushing man, who was understood to be the more senior. Whatever the others’ reservations, such was the man’s conviction that they respected it and stood back with their stretcher. In his dark suit against the bright morning, he firmly but respectfully walked through the knot of men, all broiling in the heat.
They stepped back to reveal a picture of a young woman, a very young woman, in a pale blue dress with turquoise hem, lying on her side with her arms and legs apparently in motion.
‘She looks like a runner, doesn’t she?’ observed the officer at the gate.
‘But what was she running from?’ asked his boss.
The ground around the body drew his attention.
‘You’ve trampled it to hell!’ he snapped.
‘Sir, the sun’s been out all morning. We needed to take the photos and get her moved.’
‘This town’s two hours out of London,’ he said. ‘You could have waited for me.’
‘We weren’t told when you’d be here.’
The standoff remained as the man took the short time he had available, observing, scrutinising. Occasionally he’d ask a question, and the younger man at the gate would answer him. Questions such as,
‘When was she found?’
‘First thing this morning, two separate calls to the local station.’
‘The time exactly?’
‘I don’t have that.’
‘What?’
‘Well, there’s no phone near here, so I don’t know how long it took each person to get word to the Station House.’
The older man turned from the body a moment, scrutinising his colleague, who didn’t crumble. Instead he explained,
‘This is what it’s like in these parts.’
‘Then get back on to the pair of them, and get the times down exactly.’
‘Yes, sir.’
‘Time of death?’ he asked, turning his gaze back to the girl.
‘The Doctor couldn’t say precisely – it was a cool evening.’
‘Her skin looks fresh.’
‘Yes,’ his colleague agreed, ‘it had to be some time last night.’
‘And is he still around?’
‘The Doctor? He completed his initial examination hours ago. He’s already gone back to prepare his surgery to receive the body.’
‘That’s quick work.’
‘He was already in the area on house calls.’
‘Right. Is that a purse around her shoulder?’
‘Yes, sir. We’ve taken a peek. Nothing in it but a bit of change.’
The word ‘peek’ plagued the older man – it was too playful, not solemn enough for a body.
‘And any other belongings?’
‘No physical evidence, sir. And as for boot marks around the body, this is a working field covered in flattened grasses. Honestly, it doesn’t look any different now to when we got here.’
‘Well, we need this field searched, and the next one.’
‘Four woodentops are already on it, sir.’
He stood up and looked around but couldn’t see the uniformed policemen.
‘They’ve already done this end, and now they’re up past that ridge there,’ explained his man. ‘We’re all out of Norwich, sir. We’ve been here since eight this morning.’
The older man continued to stare downwards, as if soaking up the scene, burning it to memory.
‘She might have taken a blow we can’t see,’ said his colleague. ‘The Doctor will know for definite this afternoon, once we’ve got her to him…’ The younger man changed to a whisper, adding, ‘Sir, are you done yet, sir?’
Sir gave no reply.
‘Sir, a body going off in the midday sun… how’s that going to help anyone?’
Finally, after an excruciating delay, he stepped back and let the white overalls do their work. It was solemn work, conducted in near silence but for murmured instructions between lowered heads.
There were gasps in the crowd and people crossed themselves, as the girl was lifted gently from her grassy bed and onto the stretcher. The ambulancemen drew a starched white sheet over her, before moving her away.
‘It wasn’t right to leave her out there,’ said someone.
‘A relief,’ said another, ‘a relief.’
The newcomer watched them work.
‘Everything was photographed, sir,’ said his colleague to reassure him. ‘Nothing was missed. Now, we’ve got a lot to catch you up on. There’s nothing here that won’t wait for an hour. Pay off your cab, and we’ll drive you back to the station.’
But the man didn’t want to come back with them. Instead, he waved a message to the waiting cabbie, who quickly left the scene, knowing he’d be paid on the police account. Then he went to stand beside the small crowd, still staring at the now-empty field from behind the scruffy wall.
‘I’m here too late,’ he said, a third and final time.
‘Too late to save her?’ asked a woman standing nearby. ‘We were all too late for that, love.’
‘How was she found?’ he asked the congregation.
‘Just as you saw her,’ answered an old man in a waistcoat and flat cap. ‘Tossed there, like a rag-doll,’
The man in the dark suit stared at the yellow grasses, now trampled by half a dozen pairs of feet.
‘Any blood?’ he asked.
‘A bit around the mouth maybe.’
‘Footprints?’
‘Hard to see.’
‘I’d have seen,’ he answered. Though his fury soon gave way to hopelessness. ‘Well, we work with what we’ve got.’
‘It’s been a while since we’ve had one that bad,’ said the old man.
‘Really, who was that?’
‘Old Man Lorimer – a stand-up fight outside the Three Lights. Punched dead with one blow. He was a goner before he hit the floor.’
‘Do things like that happen often?’
‘That’s the last in my memory.’
‘And that’s a long memory,’ joked another.
‘Two-score summers and counting,’ confirmed the old man. ‘And might I ask, sir, who are you?’
‘Inspector Underwood,’ he answered, ‘Thameside Station.’
Chapter 2 – The Gaffer


With the shock of finding the victim slowly fading, urgency took over. Underwood looked around, asking,
‘So, who’s the Gaffer around here?’
‘I imagine that would be me, sir.’
He turned to see a short, round, ageing officer in black uniform with polished silver buttons and numbers on the shoulders.
‘Gull, sir,’ he introduced himself. ‘I’m the Constable for this district. I live at the Station House back in town.’
Underwood was taken aback at this figure.
‘Is something wrong, sir?’ asked Gull.
Underwood thought about the young, thrusting squad he had left back in London; then looked at Gull. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen a policeman that old, and certainly not one who hadn’t risen from the rank of Constable over all those years. With his whiskers and soft accent, he seemed to belong to another age. Even his uniform looked archaic, with its tunic buttoned right up to the neck under the midday sun.
‘Not at all,’ answered Underwood. ‘I’m just not used to how things run in a town like this. I’m pleased to meet you, Gull.’
‘Likewise. It’s always a pleasure to learn what London can teach us.’
Underwood took the dig. A nearby officer smirked momentarily. But he had been at enough crime scenes to recognise the moment – a body had been found, a horror faced… and then the body was taken away and it brought a nervous relief. A joke might come, a giggle, however misplaced. And they had to take that relief where they could find it, for it was going to be a tough time for all of them.
‘A moment, Gull?’ Underwood beckoned him away from the others. He took a small black notebook from his traveller’s case and opened it on the bonnet of a squad car.
‘You saw the scene, Constable?’ he asked.
‘I was there to watch over her before the Doctor and the Norwich lads came.’
‘A sad thing.’
‘Yes,’ answered the man, who Underwood judged to have been old enough to know a sad thing when he saw one.
‘So, tell me how the land lies.’
‘Cardow’s a port, sir. A village. Small compared to most places, tiny next to London. We haven’t seen a thing like this in the twenty years I’ve been here; nor, to my knowledge, in the twenty years before that.’
‘Old Man Lorimer?’
‘A pub fight, so I was told. Not a murder; not a girl.’
‘They say she wasn’t touched?’
‘That’s how it looked, sir.’
Underwood shook his head, ‘It doesn’t fit any crime pattern that I can think of.’
‘If you mean, it doesn’t look like some bloke’s drunken fumble gone wrong, then you’re right, guv. She’s not been dirtied-up enough for a start. Her clothes, I mean. It’s like she dropped out the sky. There’s hardly any harm done to her!’
‘Well, someone did do something to her.’ Underwood’s tone darkened, ‘So, are there any locals worth us knowing about?’
‘What, who’d kill a woman right out in the open?’
‘We don’t know where she was killed yet. Any troublemakers? Wife beaters? Prowlers? Peepers? Anyone who’s ever given a woman a hard time?’
‘I don’t know who I could name for you, guv.’
‘This is no time for local loyalties, Constable.’
‘I mean, Inspector, that I have the easiest job on Earth out here along our quiet coast, tending to this gentle flock. I check the doors along the High Street are locked last thing at night; on Fridays I might stop one fellow three-sheets-to-the-wind threatening to bash another’s head in. And about once a leap year we have a fisherman go missing; and as likely as not, a week later have his body wash up along the beach – that’s the way the tides turn along here, you see, Inspector.’
Gull went on,
‘But anything like this? Well, if it’s brought a fellow up from London to solve it, then I reckon it took a fellow up from London to do it.’
‘I want a list of five names by the time we get back to your Station House.’
Gull shook his head, answering,
‘And have some shop boy given two black eyes by sundown, swearing his life away to anything you tell him to?’
Underwood bristled. But Gull went on,
‘I mean no disrespect, Inspector. But I hear talk of what goes on in your city, just like the rest of us up and down the country do. Now, I daresay that you might accuse me of not knowing how things work in the Big Smoke. And, after twenty years away from there, I won’t say that you’re not right in making that assumption. But, it makes little sense to me take the way you do things in the city and bring them to a town like this. We don’t have five rowdies to round up for you. We don’t have your kind of criminal.’
‘But you have our kind of crime. Or, at least you do this day, Constable Gull.’
‘Aye, aye, we do that.’ Gull took the point, and went on, ‘I don’t know why she’s dead. Lord only knows, I wish she wasn’t. I don’t know who she was, and I don’t know who did it. Hell, I’ve spent the better part of this morning feeling like I don’t know very much at all anymore. But, I know she isn’t anyone from around here. And I know that “he” isn’t either, whoever “he” is. And so I still don’t have one local name to give you.’
There was stalemate between the men, but grudging respect. Underwood asked,
‘In that case, have the roads been closed?’
Gull half-smiled, ‘There’re three roads out of town, Inspector: north, south, and west. To flee east, you’d need a fishing boat. And, as the body was left here any time before six o’clock this morning, then he’s had, oh, three hours to get half-way to Liverpool, Leeds or Birmingham by now.’
‘And the man who found her?’
‘Phipps, a woodsman off to an early job.’
‘Any history?’
Gull breathed deeply before answering, ‘If you want me to be shocked with this London-way of doing things, Inspector, then let me say that I’ve seen what one man can do to another in a land without law.’
‘France?’ asked Underwood, in knowing code.
Gull nodded, ‘Trust may not be as easy to come by on your patch as it is on mine, but I still take no man’s word for granted. Phipps and I have shared a drink every Sunday at the Three Lights since Nineteen Forty-Six. And every word of what he told my sister on the phone this morning rang true. But, still, if it hadn’t have done…’
‘Your sister?’ asked the Inspector as an aside.
‘We share the Station House. She’s my housekeeper. Neither of us married.’
‘And Phipps?’
‘He has a wife and daughters.’
‘Now, you tell me straight…!’
Gull paused, then answered,
‘There has never been a word against him, nor a shadow of a stain on his character. And, if a policeman’s gift is his intuition, then mine has never sensed a flicker with that man or that family.’
‘Gull, Gull!’ called another man.
‘I fear I’m needed, sir. If that was all?’
‘Get everything set up at the Station House,’ instructed Underwood, needlessly. And then he let Gull free to see what called for his attention.
Chapter 3 – The Town


Underwood turned back to the small crowd.
‘So,’ he asked again, ‘what did any of you see?’
‘Only the same as you saw,’ answered the same old man he’d spoken to earlier.
‘The car’s this way, sir,’ offered a young plain-clothes officer being helpful.
But Underwood shook his head, saying, ‘I’ve only just got here. I’ll catch you up.’ To those watching it seemed obvious that this new player was in charge.
‘It’s a bit of a walk…’ advised the young officer; but his concerns were waved away.
Instead, his boss asked the gathered locals,
‘Do you know her?’
All shook their heads slowly and looked down.
‘Is there a school or university nearby?’ Further negatives. ‘A typing college? A big office?’ He turned to a woman who caught his eye, thirty-something and smartly turned out, ‘Do you recognise her clothes? How would you say she looked?’
‘Smart, pretty,’ answered the woman, ‘not tarty. And, to answer your question, there are some small offices in town – I run a typing pool there; but I’m called along the High Street most days and I haven’t seen her before.’
‘And how far away is “town”?’ he asked.
‘Two miles. It’s where most of us came from this morning, when we heard the news. Though some might live nearer.’
‘What is near here then?’
A farm hand answered, ‘Not a whole lot of anything.’
They were standing at the corner of the field, right at the crossroads.
‘Where do these four roads lead?’ asked Underwood.
‘Town’s that-a-way,’ said someone pointing north, ‘the coast’s that way…’ pointing east.
Underwood looked and could just see the sea, could hear the breaking waves.
‘That way’s Norwich,’ the person added, pointing west. ‘And southward, there’re a whole lot of fields and empty beaches.’
‘And what’s nearer?’ he asked again. ‘What’s within a walking distance; a short car ride?’
‘Farms…’ suggested one.
‘Fields…’ offered another.
‘A whole lot of nothing,’ repeated the farm hand.
‘So, is there much traffic along these roads?’
The locals stared at Underwood, as one asked,
‘Have you seen a car pass in the time you’ve been standing here?’

With the girl removed, one by one the townsfolk left. Underwood watched them go, deducing their roles from their clothes: the leather apron of a butcher; the flour-coated baker; the floral housecoat of a housekeeper; the open-necked shirt of a lad running errands on a warm day. He turned to see only one remaining figure. It was the young man who had offered him a lift, little older than the errand boy. He wore a new suit in which he stood awkwardly. He watched the newcomer, as if waiting for instruction.
‘You’re one of ours?’ asked the boss.
The boy nodded. ‘I’m attached to you.’
‘Underwood,’ said the man in introduction, putting out his hand.
‘Yes, Inspector,’ said the boy, eagerly taking it to shake. ‘We’ve been told all about you.’
‘Well, don’t worry, only half of it isn’t true. And you are?’
‘Oliver. Constable Oliver.’
‘And what do your mates call you?’
‘Barrie. Though I prefer Oliver on the job, Inspector.’
‘Well, Oliver, I go by sir – no need for rank.’
‘Right, sir.’
‘And you can start by telling me everything you fellows have learnt since six o’clock this morning. Such as who owns this field.’
‘Well,’ he began, ‘most of the land to the south of the town was owned by a local family. But, after the last of them died without an heir, it fell to a trust in London…’
‘So, there’s no one local to talk to?’
‘There are tenant farmers, but Sergeant Peacock’s already arranging to speak to them.’
Underwood smiled,
‘Peacock. That was the officious little fellow who wanted to rush the body away just now?’
‘He’s very good, sir. You’ll only hear good things about him from Norwich Station. The hours he puts in…’
‘Yes, he does seem a little like a rising star.’
Underwood worked off a hunch,
‘So, are you local, Oliver? Because you’ll be a lot more use to me if you are.’
‘From a farm three miles north of town, sir. I’ve lived around here all my life. At least, until I left for my police training.’
‘Then that’s exactly the answer I wanted to hear.’
Underwood turned from Oliver, and visually inspected the scene one final time.
‘Is everything all right, sir?’
‘Yes… yes. It’s just disorienting, seeing a scene like that… in a place like this.’
‘It isn’t a common sight around here, sir.’
‘No, not for London either.’
‘No, sir?’
‘No. Half the bodies we turn up have been in and out of our cells since they were boys. There are women too, of course. But I haven’t had one as… untouched as this one for a while.’
Then he announced, ‘I need lunch.’
‘Well, there’s nowhere to eat out here, sir.’
‘Then, you lead me back to town, Constable. And, as we go, you tell who every one of those people were, and how they know each other.’
Chapter 4 – The Walk


As they began the trudge to the local police station, Underwood threw his jacket over his shoulder, indicating Oliver could do the likewise if he wished. He did so eagerly, as he began his run-through of the morning’s crowd,
‘Well, there was the butcher, O’Leary…’
‘Irish?’
‘Only from long back. He has a salting yard behind his shop in town. The miller – I don’t know his name, he’s just called “Miller” by everyone – “Four loaves, Miller,” they say.’
‘Yes, yes.’
‘He works in town also. He has a house near here though, so he was probably on his way back home when he saw the crowd.’
‘It’s a long way to walk home for lunch.’
‘A miller’s day is as good as done by opening time – he’s been up baking since five. That was his wife looking over the wall also.’
‘Really?’ The last fact intrigued Underwood. ‘They weren’t standing together. I wouldn’t have guessed they even knew each other. Do they get along?’
‘I’ve never noticed.’
‘Then start noticing. And the lad?’
‘That’s Gerry, he’s only a kid, two years below me in school. He takes parcels and deliveries all over, from the shops in town.’
‘And there was an old man there too.’
Oliver smiled, ‘That’s Old Joe.’
‘Does he live nearby?’
‘No. Though he roams all over.’ If that fact puzzled Underwood, the calm look Oliver wore on his face reassured him.
‘And what about the well-dressed blonde?’ queried Underwood after a brief pause, trying to ask too casually, and having left her till the end.
‘Well, that’s Miss Grey of Swift Fingers.’
‘Of course, her typing pool. She seemed distinct from the others. Well, I might try and catch up with her when we reach town.’
‘Very good, sir.’
‘And, Oliver, you’re still forgetting one person.’
Oliver’s puzzlement deepened, as he scanned his recent memory for faces in the crowd.
Underwood helped him out, ‘New suit, brown hair, five-eight to five-ten, wearing a look of nervous expectation…’
Oliver smiled as he recognised himself.

The pair of them walked on, past fields exactly like the crime scene, large and low and flat, full of dry grass blowing stiffly in the sea breeze. Underwood asked,
‘So, have you seen a body before?’
‘Yes,’ Oliver answered quickly, ‘but only after everyone else was there. I’ve never found one.’
‘It will happen,’ said his boss. ‘You’ll be called to a shut-up house with bad drains – or what the neighbours think are bad drains. Or, heaven forbid, you’ll find a stabbing victim behind the bins in an alleyway. Or maybe that’s only a London thing?’
‘I hope so,’ the Constable agreed. Underwood went on,
‘And where would you have left a body, if you found one on your hands out here, sometime last night?’
This question shocked Oliver more, though still he answered, gulping,
‘I’d go to the beach – the tide’s almost in view,’ he started. ‘Or else in the woods along the Norwich Road.’
‘But not out in a field for all to see, eh?’
‘No, sir. Most definitely not.’
‘So, this typing pool…’ he asked.
‘It’s just a few girls,’ answered Oliver quickly, ‘in one of the shopfronts, just off the High Street.’
Underwood caught something and smiled, asking,
‘And an office full of secretaries holds no interest for you at all, my friend?’
Oliver went beetroot red, so Underwood dialled it back, asking more generally,
‘And who are their customers?’
‘Local businesses who need letters typing, their books written up. And Claude, of course.’
‘Claude?’ repeated Underwood, mulling over this new name. He made a mental note to seek him out. Though the questions were piling up behind his eyes.
‘And so, the nearest town or city is Norwich?’ he asked.
‘There’s also Yarmouth to the north.’
‘But, you wouldn’t go between them on this road?’
Oliver chuckled, ‘Look at the traffic, sir – have we seen a car pass us on this walk?’
‘And no big offices?’
‘I don’t think we have any,’ said Oliver. ‘Why ask, sir?’
‘Because the girl wasn’t wearing that smart dress to see a butcher or a baker or a candlestick-maker, and she was miles from anywhere else.’
The road had brought them out to the coast, with the beach getting ever closer on their right-hand side.
‘So how far is the town?’ asked Underwood.
‘We’re nearly there.’
‘This is it?’
Before them were just a few buildings: shops, a big pub, and some covered stalls selling farm produce. Underwood could also make out signs further along for a bank and an insurance office.
‘It gets a little busier at the Harbour-end,’ said Oliver. Though his superior doubted that.
‘And that must be the Station House.’ Underwood was supremely underwhelmed at the sight of a small, white-plastered cottage with the blue lamp hanging over the door.
‘Yes, that’s Constable Gull’s place,’ said Oliver with warmth. ‘Those aren’t his cars though,’ he added, observing two long, black Ford Zephyrs parked outside.
‘Well, I’m not the only one who’s been brought in.’
Before they entered the Station House, Underwood stopped his junior officer, and turned to face him.
‘Sir?’ asked Oliver.
‘This isn’t right, is it? Any of it?’
Though Oliver didn’t know what to say.
Chapter 5 – Gull’s House


Beneath the blue lamp was a stable-style door, split at waist height. The top half was tied back, while the bottom half was still closed, and acted as a front desk.
‘Shop!’ called Underwood.
Approaching them appeared Constable Gull, presenting much the same buttoned-up image as before, except, of course, a policeman never wore his helmet indoors.
‘Sir, Oliver, come on through.’
Gull pulled the latch; but Underwood let Oliver go through alone, holding Gull back in the sparse, working hallway.
‘So, who’s this “Old Joe”?’ he asked. ‘He roams around the place, so I’ve heard. He was there this morning.’
Gull sighed, ‘What you and I saw in the last War, Joe saw in the First. Only, he brought a bit of it back with him. He wouldn’t hurt a fly.’
‘And there’s a delivery lad on his cycle. He could have seen something.’
Gull nodded, ‘That’s young Gerry. He has a paper round in town first thing. He didn’t get to the scene till not long before you did, sir.’
Gull paused, then asked,
‘Are we going to go through this with every man you meet in Cardow, sir?’
Underwood stood back, breaking the spell, before following Oliver in.
‘Two more cups please, Audrey!’ called Gull through to another room, without enquiring whether the arriving officers needed tea. Though, as Gull surely knew, after walking into town on such a day, both men were gasping.
He brought the Inspector into his study, which was a long, whitewashed room fitted out with a desk, a bureau full of pens and ink for writing up reports, and in the centre a dark-wood table, around which two other men looked up. They stood when they saw the Inspector.
The besuited officer who had been supervising the crime scene spoke first,
‘We weren’t properly introduced earlier,’ he began, with what Underwood wondered might have been some attitude. ‘Sergeant Peacock, down from Norwich Station. And this is Sergeant Bowden, who came with me.’
Underwood looked briefly to the two of them, standing at the table, smoking and looking idle. Though he turned away, pretending to riffle through some papers on Gull’s desk.
‘Very well, sir,’ said Peacock, ‘if you’re not going to be civil. I was prepared to overlook it the first time…’
‘You weren’t going to wait for me before moving the body!’ declared Underwood, spinning to face him.
‘She was out in the sun! The Doctor…’ But none of it cut any ice. ‘Are you like this with everyone?’ asked Peacock.
‘I haven’t noticed many crimes solved by politeness,’ answered Underwood, which was the only answer Peacock was going to get. ‘Why don’t you just tell me your brief?’
‘I’m here with Bowden and Oliver and several uniforms,’ said Peacock, ‘for house-to-house calls and to start the case file.’ Peacock breathed, before continuing, ‘Which we’d already be doing if we hadn’t been kept waiting at the crime scene, and then for another half an hour while you sauntered back from the crossroads, sir!’
Underwood stared at the impudence. He was impressed: face to face, the younger man didn’t lose his resolve. Underwood turned to Gull,
‘Is this how you teach the men to speak to senior officers in this part of the world, Constable?’
Gull didn’t have a chance to answer though, before Underwood had turned to resume his questioning of Peacock,
‘And so, what have you learnt about this town from behind your car’s wound-up window, Sergeant?’
‘What do I need to learn?’
‘Location.’
‘What does that matter?’ spluttered Peacock. ‘There’s a girl in a field! We go through every man within a mile’s radius. Then two miles. There’s hardly anyone here anyway!’
Underwood returned to the papers on the desk, saying,
‘Location is everything. The crossroads are the last point of civilisation for miles before that endless coast. There was a girl left out there in the open, who half the town have already had a chance to look over, and who no one recognises. She was brought here, or she was going somewhere. For my money, she was dumped from a car. But then, why come so near to the coast and not go the little extra and leave her in the sea? That’s the question we ought to be asking. And I figured all that out on my walk over here.’
Peacock looked dejected, asking,
‘Then, do you want us do house-to-house?’
‘Yes. And take your buddy with you.’
‘Very good, sir,’ said Peacock, in unison with the stocky man standing across from him at the table, who had been smiling a wry smile throughout the exchanges.
‘Bowden,’ announced Underwood to the smirking man. ‘I know you.’
‘I was one of yours in uniform, boss. The wife’s family live up here. The move suited me.’
With that, the two detectives headed out to join the uniformed men in their routine duties.
‘You don’t want them to help us here?’ asked Oliver, whose open face was still processing the conversation.
‘Too many cooks,’ said Underwood. ‘I don’t need all these suits. Give me one good man.’
Oliver wondered whether he or Gull were the ‘one good man’? And then he wondered how long he himself had left in the Inspector’s good books?
But then the Inspector jumped up, following the other two out and catching them at the half-door,
‘Sorry,’ said the Inspector. ‘A case can get to me until I’ve had time to get on top of it.’ He stuck out his hand. ‘Underwood of Thameside Station.’
An Englishman faced with a handshake; Peacock had no choice but to respond.
Chapter 6 – First Day


On the wall was the Station House’s large-scale map of the area. Underwood studied the empty East Anglian terrain: a permanent blue pin denoted the Police Station, while a red ribbon had been pinned an inch or two below it for the girl’s resting place. The coast ran north to south along the length of it. At no point was anyone in the town more than half a mile from the sea.
Unsure what to do, Oliver had sat himself down at the large table.
‘You must be glad of the rest, son’ said Gull to him, returning with more mugs of tea. ‘Standing at the scene all morning, and then the Inspector making you walk all the way back.’
After the verbal sparring, Gull’s cheery tone was exactly what they needed to resume. Placing the cups down, he joined the Inspector at the map, sharing his puzzlement,
‘It is an odd one, all right.’
‘So, talk me through it,’ answered his new boss.
‘Well, she was found twice: the first time was by Phipps the logger; the second time by a local housewife, Mrs Morrow.’
‘Twice?’
‘There is no phone near the field. Phipps had to walk to his work to make the call; during which time, poor Mrs Morrow had to stumble over the girl all over again.’
Underwood was warming to Gull – he had a kindness to his phrasing.
‘And what times were these?’
‘Phipps reckons he first found her shortly after six, though made the call at six thirty. By which time Mrs Morrow was already running back here to me tell me in person.’
Underwood looked around the sparse room,
‘When will we have the crime scene photographs?’
‘There’s no dark-room in town,’ answered Oliver. They raced the negatives back to Norwich. They could be back any time.’
‘That’s quick.’
‘Well, it’s not every day we have a murder.’
‘Right.’ He turned back to Gull, ‘So, what was found with the girl?’
‘She only had a small purse with her, that barely held a few coins and a folded-up five-bob note.’
‘So, enough for bus fare and to maybe buy some food; but we assume she would have had other belongings?’
‘Indeed, sir, though they remain unrecovered.’
‘Hmmm. And nothing yet to give us a name, or say what she was doing there?’
‘Alas, not.’
‘And cause of death?’
‘The Doctor’s first impression was a blow to the head.’
‘And did he estimate the time?’
‘He didn’t want to be drawn – it was the morning dew, you see.’
‘Well, even if the dew preserved her, we’re still only talking yesterday, and probably late in the day. Anything else?’
‘His cursory inspections suggest there… wasn’t any other interference.’
‘I need to speak to him.’
‘I’ll take you over,’ said Gull. Before then though, there was a knock on the door. They all went through to the hallway to see a police courier, in his helmet and goggles, rummaging in his leather satchel for a thick brown-paper package,
‘Documents for Sergeant Peacock, to be signed for.’
‘I’m his Inspector,’ announced Underwood, and came forward eagerly to sign.
‘Sir.’ The courier saluted, and was off as quickly as he had arrived.
‘That’s a fine machine,’ he called after the man.
‘Norton,’ answered the rider. ‘A perk of the job.’
‘Amen to that,’ called Underwood. He looked across to Peacock and Bowden’s black Fords, and guessed that pair felt the same.
With the Doctor forgotten for a moment, the three went back into the office. They popped the envelope’s string binding, and spread the crime scene photographs out before them on the table. Together, they absorbed the scene all over again.
‘She was young,’ said Gull.
‘We still don’t know her name,’ said Oliver.
‘Let’s get logical,’ urged the Inspector, before he too fell into melancholy. ‘We have a proper photo now, so we can send the men out to knock on every door again.’
‘They’ll love that,’ acknowledged Gull, resignedly.
‘Though, we can safely say by now, I think, that she wasn’t local. So, get logical, get logical,’ he repeated. ‘She’s in a strange town, possibly arriving at night. She doesn’t look like a party girl, and she isn’t dressed like one – not that there’s any party scene I can see around here for miles! So, she would have planned her trip, and would presumably have been here for some purpose. What would she need?’
‘A room!’ said Oliver.
‘Yes.’
‘A bag,’ said Gull.
‘Yes,’ agreed Underwood, ‘with at least another day’s clothes.’
Gull also considered,
‘She didn’t have a coat with her either, sir. I know it was a warm day yesterday; but if she wasn’t local then she wouldn’t have known that.’
‘Not with this country’s weather,’ agreed Underwood. ‘And we haven’t even asked: how did she get here?’
‘You thought she’d been dumped here by car, guv?’ remembered Gull. ‘So, maybe she was never here before that?’
‘Yes, I did say that. But the more I think about it, the more the whole “dumped by car” idea doesn’t hold. We’ve all stood at that crossroads: even if some panicking killer didn’t know the roads, and just headed out into the countryside to dump her, he’d have heard the waves on the beach as he dropped her at the crossroads. And even someone who didn’t have a clue of what to do with a body would at least guess that the water would wash away any trace of themselves.’
Gull looked downcast, as he added,
‘And even if she did wash back up, it might be days later, and maybe miles down coast.’
‘Agreed,’ said the Inspector. ‘No sane person with a car would dump the body where they did.’
‘So, how did she get there?’ asked Oliver.
‘I don’t know,’ answered his boss, ‘but it wasn’t that way. So… we have to make a presumption for the time being: that she came to town under her own steam, and that she had some reason for being here.’
‘Very well,’ said Gull.
‘So, how would someone get into town? She could have caught the train to Norwich, like I did.’
‘Or you can connect through to Yarmouth,’ advised Gull, ‘leaving yourself a shorter final journey.’
‘“Final journey”,’ repeated Oliver, and the unreality of that young woman’s fate hit home all over again.
Underwood got them back on track,
‘So, unless someone in town did know her, then she would need a bus or taxi from the station, like I did.’
‘Norwich and Yarmouth,’ muttered Oliver as he wrote them down, ‘taxis and buses.’
‘We don’t know that she isn’t from one of those two places to begin with,’ supposed Gull. ‘Though, dressed the way she was, I’d guess she wasn’t from anywhere nearer. And any local bus or taxi would operate out of those towns anyway.’
‘Then they are where we need to check.’
‘My sister drives,’ said Oliver suddenly. ‘She needs it. She’s training to be a district nurse.’
‘I don’t know why I hadn’t thought of that,’ said Underwood. ‘I guess because she looks so young. Though no car keys were found on her person?’
He looked to Gull, who shook his head again to confirm.
‘And, I’m guessing, Gull, that this is the kind of town where a rogue car parked down a lane or outside someone’s house overnight would already have been reported to you?’
He looked again to Gull, who nodded in agreement.
‘Then we have a plan,’ said Underwood with relish. ‘Gull: call those two jokers back in here. Give each of them one of these pictures…’ he picked duplicates of the clearest photo of the victim’s face, it’s unblemished side, ‘…and send one of them off to Norwich, one to Yarmouth: to check at the train station, the coach station, and to speak to every taxi driver and bus driver in those towns.’
‘I’m sure they’ll be glad to be of service to you, sir.’
‘I’m sure they will be. You know what this all means though, Gull?’
The old man looked up suddenly, wondering what was coming next.
‘It means that someone in your town is likely in on this – they brought her here, or saw her come, or have her travelling bags and aren’t telling you.’
Oliver watched on, rapt, as the old man replied,
‘Oh, we’ve sent townsfolk down before. We even sent one to the gallows. And, after a thing like this, they’d be no friend of ours.’
Chapter 7 – Mrs Morrow


Half an hour later, and the Station House was quiet, but for Constable Oliver clattering away at his Olivetti Portable at Gull’s high desk. Peacock and Bowden had been sent away on their errands to the towns, and Gull dispatched on a similar mission along the High Street, freshly armed with photographs.
Underwood stared at the map on the wall, and at the photos on the table, and at his notes of the different statements and snippets of information.
‘Mrs Morrow’s waiting for you in the front room, Inspector,’ announced Miss Gull from the hall. She was already holding a cup of coffee for the visitor.
‘Thank you,’ he said getting up to go in. ‘And I’ll take that in, if you don’t mind?’
‘Mrs Morrow. I’m…’ Underwood stopped at the sight of the unmistakeable floral housecoat. ‘You’re the miller’s wife?’
‘Yes.’
‘I saw you earlier. You were still at the crossroads when I got there.’
‘Yes, I was.’
‘I could have interviewed you then,’ he said, with something like dismay. ‘Sorry, this is for you.’ He handed her the cup.
‘Thank you, Aud,’ the woman called through the doorway.
‘So, you were the second person to find the girl?’ asked Underwood, sitting down opposite her.
‘Well, I didn’t know that at the time.’
‘Indeed.’
‘It didn’t make it any easier.’
‘I can imagine.’
She slurped her coffee, ‘I mean, who would ever imagine such a thing? I’m just off to start my rounds, walking past the field, minding my own business, when I see that!’
‘And what time was this, please?’
‘Well, I leave at six on the dot, so… twenty past? No later than the half hour, certainly.’
‘Thank you.’
‘But I mean, Inspector, who would commit such an act? That poor little thing, just left there in the corner of a field. Who would do that?’
‘Mrs Morrow, tell me exactly how she looked when you got there.’
‘Well, just as you saw her.’
‘There was nothing moved, nothing changed in all that time?’
‘No. I barely got halfway back towards town, when I saw Ivor coming the other way.’
‘Sorry, who’s Ivor?’
‘Constable Gull. He came up to meet me. He said he already knew – I mean, I could see it on his face. He looked like I felt! He said he had to take me back to the crossroads to wait for the detectives. He told me then that he’d already had the first call phoned through to him, you see.’
‘I see.’
‘So, who did this, Inspector?’
‘That’s what we’re here to find out.’
‘Well, it’s been half a day already.’
‘Yes. But, generally, the people who do such things don’t make it easy for us to find them.’
‘But they left her out in public, didn’t they?’
‘That, they did,’ he conceded, still not knowing why on Earth the murderer would have done so. ‘So, tell me again: how did you find her?’
‘On her side, like she was running.’
‘How was she dressed?’
‘Blue dress with a greeny-blue hem, neat; buckled shoes, the only part of her that was scuffed. I bet “he” did that, messing up her shoes, dragging her there without a care.’
‘And what else did she have with her?’
‘A necklace, a ring I think.’
‘Anything else?’
At last, the torrent of words was found wanting. She spluttered,
‘I… I didn’t see anything else. Oh, wait! A bag, a tiny green purse on a long thin strap. The type that little girls carry.’
The Inspector pondered, as Mrs Morrow finished her drink.
‘Does that help you?’ she asked.
‘Everything helps us.’
Chapter 8 – The Doctor


Underwood showed Mrs Morrow out, then saw Gull returning as he stood by the stable-door. He saw the two locals pay their respects to each other as they passed on the path outside the Police House, though sombrely so, given the circumstances.
‘Guv, they’re falling on their feet out there.’
‘Who are?’
‘The bobbies knocking on doors. They’ve been out all day in this heat.’
Underwood reached into his pocket for his wallet, and then remembered that he hadn’t made it to the bank before they’d closed the day before.
‘Right, that big pub along the road. I guess that’s where we’re all staying tonight?’ (Gull nodded.) ‘Then ask them for sandwiches, and put them on a tab for the station.’
Gull shook his head – ‘Mrs Pletch is a stickler. She’s closed for the afternoon and won’t serve you till supper time.’
Without cash for anything else, he was stumped.
‘The chippie will be open later,’ offered Gull, though both knew that wouldn’t help the men now.
Underwood improvised,
‘Then chase after Mrs Morrow. Get over to the bakery and ask them for ham cobs.’
‘Oh, I wouldn’t like to impose…’ began Gull. Though he soon had it snapped out of him,
‘Tell her we’re here to help them solve a murder. And I’ll pay cash tomorrow.’
‘Of course, guv, for a case like this.’
‘Good. Oh, and get your nearest Woman Constable over here.’
‘We haven’t got one, sir.’
‘Well, unless you’re an expert on fashion, Constable Gull, we need a woman’s eye cast over those clothes.’

The time had also come to brace the Doctor. No word had reached the Station House that the medic had concluded his examinations, but Underwood could do no more without the facts of the victim. It was Gull who took the Inspector just a short distance along the coast road to speak to the Doctor.
‘It’s handy that they’re so close,’ he remarked.
‘We have a lot of shared business,’ muttered Gull.
The old man ignored the patient entrance, instead walking along the side of the building and entering by an unremarkable back door.
Underwood was used to the vaulted roofs and rows of porcelain tables of the city morgue. So he was shaken by the sight of a naked girl on the Doctor’s green leather examination bench, as if waiting her turn. Nor was it too much of a stretch to see the bench as a green sofa, and so have the girl awaiting her lover.
Had she had a lover? he pondered. Well, she never would have now.
‘It’s Gull,’ called the old Constable to the Doctor who had yet to acknowledge their presence.
‘Doctor!’ shouted Underwood, as the man finally turned in the chair he was silently sitting in. He looked straight at them with a haunted stare, the way a person can appear in the moment of being woken from a dream.
‘This is the Inspector,’ said Gull. ‘He’s here to run the case.’
‘You’d finished your work at the crime scene before I got there,’ said Underwood. Given the Doctor’s trance-like state, Underwood took the chance to have a good gawp at him – he was late thirties, early-forties with dark curls oiled down. He was pale and slim and not at all a village type.
The Inspector stepped forward into the cold, windowless room,
‘You’re quite right,’ he announced too loudly, to the man who had still made no effort to acknowledge their presence. ‘In the circumstances, it’s probably best that we don’t shake.’
‘I’m sorry,’ said the Doctor, who at last broke his spell. ‘So rude of me. And, for the record, my hands are disinfected. Bloom,’ he announced as he stood, and they shook.
‘Underwood. You looked distracted just then, Doctor.’
‘It’s just… been a while since we’ve had one so young.’
‘Quite understandable,’ said Underwood as a courtesy. Though his instinct had been piqued. ‘So, I take it from your contemplations that you’re finished?’
‘Yes, yes.’ The Doctor was suddenly all action. ‘I was about to send word to you.’
‘And what can you tell us?’
Two of them stood over the prone body, while Gull stepped back in respect. Underwood could have no such reservations.
The Doctor explained,
‘So, I’d put her in her early twenties. Her body is hardly marked – from last night or from anytime before that. She’s blonde…’
‘Natural?’
‘At the root, Inspector. She had good hair, good teeth, good skin.’
‘An angel taken from amongst us,’ declared Gull from the back of the room.
‘Yes,’ agreed Bloom, ‘a blameless life.’
‘And, you’re sure it was “last night”?’ asked Underwood.
‘As I told your men this morning, with the coolness of the night air it’s hard to give a time of death. But, had her body caught the sun at all yesterday evening…’
‘…then decomposition would have been more advanced.’ concluded the Inspector.
‘Indeed.’
‘I hope you’re not so coy in other areas, Doctor?’
‘If you’re referring to sex, Inspector, then no: there is no sign of intercourse, willing or unwilling. That portion of her body…’ the Doctor quivered as his eyes moved past the girl’s midriff, ‘…we could not hope to find less interrupted.’
‘Then we can thank our Blessed Father for that at least,’ said Gull, who Underwood was worried might soon break into the Lord’s Prayer.
‘So,’ the Inspector asked, ‘what “portion” of her “was” interrupted?’
‘There is only a blow to the left side of the head,’ answered the Doctor.
‘A blunt object? Sharp?’
‘Blunt, flat, not at all specific,’ mused the Doctor, ‘which I know is unhelpful to you.’
‘You’re not wrong,’ answered Underwood, seeing any hope of narrowing down the murder weapon going out of the window.
‘A full post-mortem might have told us more, but…’
‘So there won’t be a post-mortem, as a matter of course?’
‘Not always, sir,’ answered Gull. ‘We perhaps don’t have the resources Thameside Station has at its disposal.’
‘Nor the frequency of crime,’ added the Doctor.
‘But surely, for a case like this?’
‘Not unless there’s been a poisoning, or someone has a bullet to get out of them, then no.’
‘And you can be sure that this isn’t a poisoning?’ asked Underwood. ‘How do you know without opening her up?’
Both other men recoiled at the thought of it.
Doctor Bloom finally answered, he almost sighed,
‘Poison leaves its scent on the breath, signs on teeth and fingernails.’
‘And won’t you think about the poor girl’s family, sir?’
Underwood looked to Gull, a man he could imagine once fighting in France or North Africa, dodging tank shells all day long; and then to the ridiculous fop of a Doctor, who must surely have cut a body open before – yet, here both were shuddering at the basic details of a corpse. He wondered: would he ever solve his case with a crew like this?
Chapter 9 – A Woman’s Eye


Welcome relief came for Underwood with the increasingly reassuring sight of young Constable Oliver, who at least knew how to take an order without going weak at the knees.
Underwood found him back at the Station House, with a batch of white rolls and a guest.
‘This is Miss Grey,’ said Oliver. ‘She owns the typographers in town.’
‘Inspector Underwood,’ he announced. ‘Please, this way.’
As the others ate their sandwiches, the three went back along the road and walked the few doors up to reach the Doctor’s Surgery.
‘Miss Grey, are you good to see this?’ he asked as they arrived.
She nodded.
He held them at the door to the makeshift morgue room, at least until he confirmed that the Doctor had drawn a sheet over the body. (The Doctor himself was now nowhere to be seen.) Still, Underwood kept the visitor near the door at first to minimise her shock.
Though the woman was sanguine,
‘I saw her earlier, remember,’ said Miss Grey. She walked slowly toward the outline of the body underneath its starch-white shroud, and drew back the cover to show the girl’s face,
‘She was pretty,’ she remarked of the unblemished features, the youthful lines. She looked down to the smooth place between her breasts,
‘I’m glad they haven’t cut her.’
‘The Doctor doesn’t think we need an autopsy.’
‘I agree,’ piped in Oliver. ‘It makes it doubly worse for the family when they see the stitches. Imagine, trying to find an outfit that covers them. Sometimes they can’t have an open coffin.’
Underwood could have issued a sharp retort for the unwelcome interruption, but he held his tongue. Instead, he followed form, asking Miss Grey,
‘I know you said before that she wasn’t one of yours. But, seeing her up close, do you say the same?’
‘She isn’t one of mine, past or present. I never forget a face. And none of them were that shade of blonde.’
‘Might she have bleached her hair?’ asked Oliver.
‘That’s not bleached,’ she answered.
‘No, it isn’t,’ agreed the Inspector, who said to Oliver with a fatherly tone, ‘This is why you need a woman’s eye.’
‘The Doctor has already put the clothes out,’ remarked Oliver to their guest.
‘Why don’t you go and chase up the door-to-door reports?’ suggested the Inspector a tiny bit too sternly. Oliver got the message, nodding his goodbyes to Miss Grey and swiftly departing.
‘I hope there’s sandwiches left,’ they heard him muttering as he went out to join his colleagues.
‘Poor lad,’ said Miss Grey. ‘It is a hot day.’
Underwood directed her to the table on the other side of the room where the victim’s clothing and possessions had been laid out in an approximation of an outfit.
‘She dressed like my girls,’ said Miss Grey.
‘Describe her to me,’ asked Underwood.
‘Clean, stylish, she was professional but not in charge – or else she would have worn a skirt-suit. And to answer your next policeman’s question, she wasn’t a party girl, and she wasn’t a tart.’
‘She might have been, on her days off,’ said Underwood to challenge the mood.
‘No,’ the woman answered, ‘these clothes are simple, they have style. There was nothing extrovert about her.’
She stroked the hem of the blue dress, then added,
‘And Inspector, you might want to move the focus of your search.’
‘Oh?’
She lifted the zippered side of the dress, to reveal the tag of a store with an address off Oxford Street.
‘Jesus, how did they miss that?’
‘Don’t be hard on them, Inspector. It’s been a busy day.’
He breathed deeply, trying to hold his temper till he had Peacock, or Bowden, or someone in line for both barrels. He changed topic,
‘I ask again: you’re sure you’ve never seen her?’
‘No, but I’d have hired her like a shot.’
‘How can you know?’
‘Well, her clothes, her face, something I can’t explain. She was sweet and bright, Inspector. I can tell that just from looking, don’t ask me how I’d know.’
They moved again to stand beside the body.
‘She still looks so alert,’ said Miss Grey, ‘as though she’s only closed her eyes for a moment. You poor girl,’ she said directly to her.
‘And you hadn’t seen her in town?’
‘No.’
‘Not looking for work, applying for a job?’
‘No to all of them, Inspector.’
‘Not someone you’ve had to let go, or who left to marry?’
‘She wasn’t married.’
‘She didn’t have a ring,’ he agreed.
‘Not only that,’ she explained. ‘A woman changes when she marries, rounds out. Though she might have been in love. Who knows?’
‘And apart from at your agency, where can you think of locally that a woman would dress like this?’
‘Well, some of the fishing companies have offices and typists. But I’d have seen her in the cafe or the pub at lunchtime.’
‘Would you let us show your girls this photo?’
‘Of course, they might go to places I don’t.’
‘I’ll send Oliver with a snap.’
Though Miss Grey allowed herself the smallest arching smile,
‘I’m afraid your young man was a little shy when he came to find me earlier. He might be scared the girls are going to tear him into shreds.’
Underwood was half-minded at first to be generous to the boy, who he could imagine quickly going purple, but he caught himself, declaring,
‘I’m not having one of my men embarrassed to interview a bunch of secretaries. He’ll go with you and that’s that.’
Alone for one last moment with the body, Miss Grey touched the girl’s hair, stroking it behind her ear.
‘Look at how it’s bobbed, Inspector, how it tapers down her neck? I’d go to London for a cut like this.’
Chapter 10 – Two Calls


Underwood walked Miss Grey out to the pavement,
‘I’m often down in London myself,’ she said as they approached the road. ‘I leave tonight, in fact, for a full day with our suppliers tomorrow.’
‘Oh, right,’ he replied, absent-mindedly.
‘Well, good afternoon then.’ She held out the daintiest hand to shake.
‘Thank you for your help, Miss Grey.’
‘Please, call me Alice.’

His conversation with one woman reminded him of another he had to make. He headed into town.
At last he had a chance to look around. He learnt that Oliver was right – it was indeed a little busier towards the Harbour, where an ice cream parlour and the cafe nestled among a clutch of cottages and hatch-window offices for buying and selling the day’s catch. The straight beach gave way to the tiniest natural inlet, at which a stone jetty sprung out, shielded by a rock-pile harbour-wall fifty yards long.
Also at that end of the High Street was the pub, the largest building in town and where Underwood guessed he would be staying that night.
He braced himself and headed in.

‘How’s it looking?’ asked Policewoman Bryce from Thameside Station.
‘Terrible,’ he answered, speaking from the phone extension in the nook of the still-closed Three Lights Inn. ‘There’s not a mark on her, no one knows her here. She doesn’t belong to this town, Clodagh. I saw it that first minute – she was so out-of-place, laid out on the trampled wheat like that. Oh Lord, you should have seen her. And I just know the parents are going to be the nicest people…’
Every man needed a sounding-board, and WPC Bryce, for her sins, knew that she was his. Whatever her officially designated role at Thameside Station, she did her best work and felt the most pride when being the one-among-many that their driven, frustrated, sometimes-wayward Inspector could unburden himself onto. 
It would have been easier if that had been as far as things had gone between them, which was precisely how it ought to have stayed, she told herself. Now the line was blurred. It would still have been much clearer if he’d had a wife, and so what they had could have been no more than a fling. Then a new line would have formed itself. But with them both being unentangled, it left her free to wonder…
‘So no,’ he went on, rabbiting down the line, ‘we’ve got nothing, and it’s mid-afternoon already.’
‘You want me down there?’
‘No,’ he answered, quelling her enthusiasm. ‘I need you handing her photo out to Missing Persons, and the London stations.’
‘You think she’s from London?’
‘Do you have the snaps yet?’
‘Not yet,’ she answered.
‘Well, they’ll be on their way, so keep a look out.’
‘And anything else I can do for you?’ she asked.
‘Not yet,’ he lied. ‘I’ll call tomorrow.’

He checked that no one was listening in the empty pub, and then consulted the local phone book for a second number. There it was – ‘Swift Fingers Typographic Agency’.
He dialled three digits… then paused and replaced the receiver. He knew that to call was cowardice.
He took a deep breath, then rose to leave.

He found the secretarial office no problem, as the only other shopfront that looked anything like it was the ladies’ hairdressers, what with their bright signs, polished picture windows, and vertical blinds shading what went on within.
The office also proved to be similar to the hairdressers in having an all-female staff. In this case, four young women at perfectly aligned desks, who, with their beehives and back-combs, looked like they’d just come straight from the salon.
‘Swift Fingers Typographic Agency,’ announced a bright young woman typing at the desk nearest the door, ‘how can we help you?’
‘Miss Grey, please,’ he answered with a cough. ‘Tell her it’s…’ He hardened his voice. ‘Tell her it’s…’
‘Inspector,’ she answered, emerging from a door at the back of the small office. ‘What a pleasure.’ There was the shortest pause, then, ‘Please, please come through. Forgive me. I’m all hither and dither today.’
‘Of course.’
‘I… just wasn’t expecting to see you again so soon.’
By now the girls had looked up and stopped typing, and one of them giggled.
‘My apologies,’ he began, too formally. ‘Now, Miss Grey.’
‘Well, I thought you knew better than to call me that,’ she said, smiling.
Cue more giggles.
‘Alice,’ he corrected.
‘That’s better. Now, shush, girls. And Mabel, can you bring us tea?’
She held the door, and he followed her in urgently.
‘I really don’t have long before I leave for my train,’ she began as she closed the door behind them and they sat down. ‘Did you need to talk some more?’
‘I haven’t long myself – I have to get back to my men. But, if you had just a couple of minutes?’
She paused again before answering,
‘I just didn’t think we’d speak again so soon.’
‘It’s about the case.’
‘Of course,’ she answered with only a flicker of disappointment.
‘The girl’s dress, her hair cut. Would you know where to ask about those things?’
‘As for the label on the dress,’ she answered, ‘I know the shop. It’s just off Oxford Street. And also who I’d go to for that bob.’
‘Thank you.’ He answered like a little boy receiving his order in a sweet shop. ‘And… damn, it would have helped if I’d brought a photo for you to take with you.’
She giggled, ‘I have the one your Constable brought over.’
‘Good, good.’ He squirmed for something else to say. ‘And, well you probably won’t need it, but if you’re stuck for anything when you’re up in London, then call in at Thameside Station. Say you’re working with me here.’ He grabbed a notepad and wrote out the word, Jackdaw.
She chuckled, ‘What does that mean?’
‘It just means that you know me.’
‘Okay. So, I have some time free before the meeting in the morning. Shall I call you afterwards?’
‘Yes.’
He could sense her keenness to make her train,
‘I must be off too,’ he said.
‘Of course. Well, good day then, Inspector.’
‘Yes, good day.’

He was gone before Mabel came with the tea.
‘What am I playing at?’ he asked himself, as he dashed back to the Three Lights. He found the pub, and found the snug still empty, and took up his sofa seat. He suddenly felt tired, and it wasn’t long until the rest he needed caught up with him.
Chapter 11 – Catching Up


He awoke to the sounds of pint pots clinking against each other, as they were hugs on brass racks above the bar in preparation for the evening shift. He stretched on the soft bench seat in the snug, and asked,
‘How long have I been out?’
‘Oh, a good hour, I’d say,’ answered Mrs Pletch, the Landlady. She was a well-built woman, which he considered only par for the course in a job that involved a lot of food and drink and never needing to leave the house.
‘Have you seen any of my men?’ he asked.
‘No, but we’re opening soon, so if they’re anything like the other policemen I’ve known, no doubt they’ll be along.’
‘Then, I’d better catch them before they lose the evening in the bottom a pint glass.’
She snorted, ‘Well, that’s a fine attitude from someone who’s just spent an hour of the ratepayers’ time sleeping.’
He took her words on the chin, though was already up and out of the door.

Where the remainder of the afternoon went to, he couldn’t later say. It was mostly taken up with a succession of interviews of those from the scene earlier – miller, delivery boy, aged wanderer – all of whom remembered the same thing: the girl, in the field, just as he’d seen her.
Had they noticed anything else at the crossroads? He had asked.
Only what he’d seen.
Had they seen a strange car in town, or a taxi?
No, only the fish market vans; the Doctor doing his rounds.
It was all a lot of paperwork for someone to type up – this was Gull, or Oliver, or himself when no one else was around.
When at last he had time to himself at the Station House, it all piled up at once – no clues, no suspect, no motive, no name.

‘We have a London label on the clothes!’ he shouted at Peacock when he was back from his jaunt along the coast. ‘Bloody hell! You hadn’t spotted that?’
‘Sir, I could hardly have started undressing her out there in the field. And then you sent me to Yarmouth before the Doctor had finished with her.’
Underwood took the envelope of photos, and shoved them at his Sergeant’s chest,
‘Then get copies of these up to London, I want missing person reports checked by nightfall.’
‘They were couriered to Thameside Station the same time as they were sent here,’ explained Peacock, ‘it’s simply a longer journey.’
‘She was from London,’ he muttered, convinced.
‘Or she went shopping there,’ murmured Gull.
‘I knew she wasn’t local,’ he repeated. ‘Our first real lead, and it sat there for hours unnoticed.’
‘We’ll get someone on it first thing, sir,’ said Bowden, himself freshly returned from his regional enquiries. ‘I’ll call it through to Thameside…’
‘I’ve already got someone on it,’ answered Underwood. ‘We’ll hear back in the morning.’
‘That’s good then,’ said Bowden, trying to keep peace.
‘Anyway, sir, we have another lead for tomorrow,’ said Peacock, still trying his best to help.
‘Then, why hasn’t one of you told me so?’
‘Maybe they would have,’ said Gull, pushing past the standing men to clear away the tide of empty cups from his office, ‘if you weren’t busy shouting at them?’
‘Ahem,’ began Peacock.
‘Norwich proved a dud,’ began Bowden, getting the bad news out of the way.
‘But I had two hits on the victim’s picture in Yarmouth,’ continued Peacock, brightly, consulting his notebook. ‘A railway guard saw her leaving the platform there some time yesterday afternoon. He didn’t check her ticket himself, but she caught his eye on account of her “nice clothes and sweet looks”. He can’t say exactly what time it was in the afternoon. The sun was still out though, as he remarked upon “the way it caught her hair”.’
‘Jesus,’ said Underwood.
‘He asked me if I had her number. I didn’t have the heart to tell him what had happened to her.’
‘You should have told him,’ said the Inspector. ‘It might have helped him to keep his attention on his job.’
Peacock went on, ‘And the second hit was from a shopkeeper working opposite the railway station. She saw the victim standing at the taxi rank. She remembered the colour of her dress, and said she looked “as pretty as a picture”.’
‘That she did,’ lamented Gull.
‘And the cabbie who carried her?’ asked Underwood.
‘Well, the shopkeeper didn’t see her get into a cab – she was busy serving customers, and the girl had gone by the time she next looked up from her work. I waited at the taxi rank and spoke to every driver who pulled in there for the next hour, but no hits. I’ve left a photo and my number there, and I’ll call back tomorrow.’
‘Good, good. We’ll check back along the High Street here too and ask everyone again if they saw a taxi arrive that afternoon.’
‘We’ve already asked everyone to tell us anything out of the ordinary,’ replied Bowden.
‘But a fact like this sharpens the mind.’
‘I’ll ask on my morning rounds,’ said Gull.
‘Very good.
‘And, boss?’ added Bowden.
‘Yes?’
‘Apart from a few ham rolls, I’ve had nothing since breakfast.’
‘Get off and get your tea – and take Oliver. We’ll hit the High Street again in the morning.’ He looked also to Peacock then. ‘And, both of you?’
‘Yes, sir?’
‘You did good on your travels,’
‘Cheers. Goodnight, sir,’ they replied, and dashed off towards the chip shop.
Chapter 12 – Evening Rounds


Gull, ever the local bobby, pulled on his helmet and black overcoat for the evening beat. Before he went out though, the Inspector asked him,
‘The Doctor was a bag of nerves this afternoon, eh?’
Gull dropped the latch back down on the front door, and answered,
‘I’m not sure I was much better myself in there, sir.’
‘But still, you held it together. And as for this business about not having an autopsy…’
‘I looked up the last one, guv.’
‘Oh?’
‘He was a soldier, washed up here at the end of the War. Still in his uniform, he was. How he ended up floating in along our coast, they never did learn.’
Underwood was still fishing though,
‘Well, let’s thank God that that was before Doctor Bloom’s time – do you reckon he’d have had the stomach for it?’
Gull pondered, ‘A doctor isn’t called upon to do very much of dire importance in a town like this: pronounce death on old folk, maybe set the odd broken arm, or patch a child’s knee when they fall off their bicycle. He has a very good bedside manner, I’m told – the old ladies enjoy a visit from him especially.’
‘They probably want to mother him – he looks the sort.’
Gull didn’t answer that point. Underwood stepped up a gear,
‘Look, I get it – you don’t want me pulling your town apart piece by piece. But I need to know if I can trust this guy.’
‘Why, sir?’
‘Because in a one-doctor town I have no second opinion.’
‘And?’
‘“And” because that girl on his slab did not belong here. She was going to work for a professional; and I’ve only met two of them all day – people who dress professionally and who don’t fit in here. One of them’s accounted for, but what’s this guy’s story?’
Gull turned to face Underwood, the bit at last between his teeth,
‘You and I might have made it over to France, Inspector. But do you ever think of those fighting back on the home front? He was a student doctor in London under the Blitz. Every night, the city torn down, and every day patching it back together again. And him patching its people back together. Imagine what a young doctor saw. A time like that can change a man, it can… make him reliant on certain ways of coping.’
‘He’s a junkie?’ Underwood groaned.
‘Not anymore! But he was, back in London.’ Gull moved in close, both to speak very quietly and to press his point home. ‘He didn’t hurt anyone, nothing “went wrong”. He was just found out fiddling the medicine cabinet logs. He was moved down here nice and quiet, like, to remove the need for anyone to have to be struck off. A hero, sir. Doesn’t he deserve a bit of calm, a bit less stress? I’m about the only one who knows his story in this whole town. And I won’t let a thing happen to expose him without you having proof.’
Without waiting for a response, after speaking in such a way to his senior officer, Gull lifted the latch to leave, and pulled both halves of the stable-door shut behind him. He was off on his rounds; the Station House was shut.

Miss Gull was out taking supper to an elderly friend. Underwood remained there alone. He looked around the office, freshly tidied by Gull, and saw another large brown envelope. He opened it to find new, huge photos. These had been taken at the Doctor’s, and were the ones the public wouldn’t get to see: the naked body, the clothes laid out beside. There was no subtlety in such images, no consideration to the victim’s privacy. They were stark, flat, over-lit, detailed in each line and hair and freckle.
Underwood had already seen the real thing. Though he was shocked all over again as he pulled the large prints out. He was most struck by the very last frame. Blown up to A4 size, it showed the victim’s face at almost full-scale. Her eyes were open in a look of shock she hadn’t borne while lying on the ground. The black and white exposure made the image seem even starker. Although the photographer (the Doctor himself?) had had no choice in its composition.
There were several copies of each image. Underwood held onto one of that last print, then hid the others back in the envelope. What did he need it for? It wasn’t anything he’d show around town. He kept it though, and placed it in the top drawer of the desk.
Chapter 13 – Phipps


The Inspector was alone, his officers were off eating. He was about to go for dinner himself, and find his way back along the now-dark street to the hotel, when there was a knock at the Station House door.
He couldn’t figure out how to unlatch just the top half, so opened the whole thing. He drew the door back to see a portly man, his tall leather boots rising almost to meet his thick woollen jacket.
‘Chief?’ asked the man. ‘Are you the one who’s been asking for me, by the by?’
‘I’m the Inspector, and you are?’
‘Phipps.’
‘The woodsman!’ remembered Underwood. ‘Thank you for coming! Come in, come in. Tea?’
‘Don’t worry, I’ll be having something stronger down at the Three Lights right after our talk.’
With no one to take the man’s words down, the Inspector remembered his constable’s training. He found the right form out of Gull’s pile, and then sat himself at the typewriter.
‘Fire away.’
‘Well, I left early. I was up at the crack, you see. I had a long day ahead of me at Sorrow’s Field.’
‘What was out there?’
‘An old oak stump, right in the way of where they wanted to take their new tractor – it has a wider trailer, so they tell me. I’d taken the oak down last midsummer, after it had been struck by lightning. But we’d left the stump in to rot down. Only now, they needed it out before the gathering of this autumn’s crop.’
‘And what time did you reach the field?’
‘Well, I got to Crook’s Corner…’
‘Sorry, where?’
‘Crook’s Corner, you know, the crossroads?’
‘I haven’t heard it called that before.’
‘Well, perhaps the young don’t know it as such? Meanwhile, an old fellow like myself probably remembers too much!’ He shook his head, ‘The old names are falling out of common parlance.’
‘But the time?’
‘Six, I’d say; or no later than a quarter past. And there she was, God bless her, all peaceful, like. And… well, her clothes weren’t disturbed, that was the blessing in my book. I’d seen girls left out in ditches on the way to Berlin. Fourth Army, Inspector. I guess you missed all that show, a young snapper like yourself?’
‘I got there just in time,’ he answered truthfully. ‘I regret not making it sooner.’
‘I remember you fresh recruits. You did your bit, and did it young. Maybe too young! Well, some men are born for war and others for peace, that’s my view. I saw enough men come home from France who couldn’t handle it. Back to work and wife and supper times, hearing whizz-bangs in their ears. And then there’s the other sort, wanting the wide-open spaces again, the sleeping outdoors, the brotherhood – Lord help ‘em that there’s a war going on! Hearing them talk, you’d think they’d never had it so good!’
The Inspector listened, as the older man went on,
‘I reckon it’s a blessing if you young fellows were spared the worst of it. Though, look at you now, Chief, the things you must see. Maybe you’re the one who sees war in peacetime?’
‘Maybe.’ Underwood remembered his role though, resuming his typing, asking,
‘So, what did you do next?’
‘Well, I stood a while, cap in my hands, held in front of me like a boy at the altar. I didn’t know what to do…’
‘There’s no shame in that.’
‘…and no one came along to snap me out of it. I suppose it was the crow that did it.’
‘Crow?’
‘A big black thing. It came swooping out of nowhere, cawing and flapping. It didn’t touch her though, thank God. Maybe it sensed I’d snap its neck if it did.’
‘And so?’
‘So, seeing that crow shook me to my senses. I was as near to Sorrow’s Field as I was past anywhere else I knew with a telephone, so I set to my heels, and hurried on. I didn’t see a soul till I got there. It didn’t hit me till afterward.’
‘Thank you for doing that.’ The Inspector was intrigued though, ‘Which direction was this path from “Crook’s Corner”?’
‘West, going inland.’
Underwood worked through his mental list of questions,
‘So, you didn’t see Mrs Morrow on the road before you left?’
‘No, but they live out along that way. And her husband wakes her early, if you get my meaning.’ Underwood half-smiled at the joke, as Phipps went on, asking, ‘Was she out that morning too, then?’
‘Yes, she was the second to find her.’
‘That must have been before I reached the farm.’
‘It must have been.’
‘It’s not right for a woman to find a thing like that. A shame.’
‘Is there anything else?’
‘What do you need?’
‘As full a description as you can give of the scene, for the record.’
‘Well…’ Underwood could see the man was being sent right back there, to that messy corner of a dew-soaked field. ‘Well, she was laid out just within the wall, where the crop was flattened. I could’ve walked right past her, had she not caught my eye. It does a thing to your nerves, Inspector, to see a body.’
‘I know.’
‘Of course you do. It’s your job, I guess.’
‘Her clothes?’
‘Blue/green skirt… no, a dress. I saw it clear. Nice shoes. “Not fit for fields,” as my wife would say.’
Anything else?’
‘A necklace, a ring…’
‘Wedding ring?’
‘No, on her right hand. The green bag.’
‘Ah yes, the purse.’
‘No, a drawstring bag, worn over her shoulders, like the kids carry their PE kits in.’
Underwood looked up from his typing and met Phipps’s eyes,
‘A PE bag? Worn over the shoulders?’
‘Yes, sir.’
‘Colour?’
‘Dark. Maybe dark green?’
He turned back to the keys and typed.
‘Thank you, Mr Phipps.’
‘And that’s me done for now, I’m afraid.’
‘Enjoy your drink,’ remembered the Inspector. Phipps smiled,
‘Oh, I reckon I’ve missed my hour at the pub by now – the wife has supper on for me, and I’m already late for it.’
‘You’re well looked after.’
‘A man finds his comforts where he can.’
‘Amen to that.’ Underwood pulled the page from the typewriter, and then asked Phipps to read and sign.
‘I’m headed to the Three Lights myself,’ remarked the Inspector.
‘Then let me walk you past – the roads are dark at night.’
Chapter 14 – Night Walks


And it was dark. Although it was only a short distance to the Harbour-end of town, there were no streetlamps or passing cars to light the way.
‘Why’s it called the Three Lights?’ asked Underwood.
Phipps chuckled, ‘Well, I don’t know if I should tell a policeman.’
His instincts were raised; but the man waved his concerns away, explaining, ‘Although I’m talking two-hundred year back!’
Phipps stopped, and turned towards the sea, where the soft waves were barely audible on the night breeze,
‘You see, Chief, the coast along here’s set straight, no landmark for miles. It’s all just soft white sand and it all looks about the same. So, when a boat was coming in – one that shouldn’t have been coming in, we might say – then the local men would be out on the beach with torches.’
‘Smugglers?’
‘Aye, they used to say, “When you see the lights out there at night, then come the ‘morrow all the men will have whiskey and their wives will have lace.”’
They reached the pub, a candle-box of light and warmth against the dark.
‘You’ll be going in for your supper then,’ said Phipps. ‘Mrs Pletch always has something good on.’
‘I’ll head up actually. I need to think. But keep an eye out around town, won’t you?’
Phipps promised he would.
Underwood made his goodnights and entered the pub; he looked through to the tap room, where Sergeant Bowden saw him and raised a glass. Though the Inspector chose against the busy bar and headed straight for the staircase. It was less the need for sleep – as he had already been spark-out earlier that day – rather that he needed time and clarity. He had leads, but nothing he could follow before morning – nothing could be searched for under that pitch black.

When he did nod off, he slept easily – it must have been the sea air. He dreamt of fields of blowing wheat, of gentle breezes passing over the grasses, of the stalks bowing their heads. He dreamt of far tides on long, flat beaches, lapping at the field’s edge, bringing messages from distant lands.
And yet, sleep wasn’t to hold on to him for long. He woke in the small hours with a cough on his chest – the window had been open, and the warm evening had turned chill. He shivered, and he rose to close the latch.
Doing so, he heard the sea properly for the first time.
With the town asleep, and the bar silenced below, at last he caught the subtleties: the faintest ebb and flow, the call and response of waves breaking on the beach, then sucking on the sand as they withdrew. Coming from the city, this was a rare sensation. It was even worth bearing the breeze a few more moments to enjoy the sense of freedom.
Then he spotted the lights.
His window looked seaward – perhaps a gesture from his landlady to show how they valued their esteemed visitor by giving him their best view. And there they were…
There was only one light at first, flickering distantly, bobbing in and out of view. Underwood watched as another began twinkling in response – was it a code, a call? He couldn’t make the lights out clearly enough to say.
‘Smugglers?’ he asked himself, still half-asleep. ‘Really, in this day and age?’ And then he caught himself muttering, ‘Hell, half the cigarettes for sale on Camden Market haven’t come through customs.’
He was awake, and he was a detective, and he knew that something wasn’t right.
Images of pirate ships and bootlegging mariners were shaken from his head. He didn’t go back to bed. Instead, he pulled on his trousers, and a shirt over his vest. Even as he was still finding his bearings, he was down the stairs and on his way to find the pub’s back door.
He found a flashlight in the little back-porch — it must have been in constant use in a town without street-lighting. He took it, and made his way in the general direction of where the lights had been.
They weren’t from the Harbour; he could tell that much. Instead, they seemed to be coming from the beach that ran parallel to the High Street, near to where he had walked earlier that day with Oliver. Jogging down the road, he passed the Doctor’s place all shut up, Gull’s Station House still with a late light on. Soon he found the fields, and the beach, and saw again the seaward light, forever twinkling in and out of view.
‘Bloody Phipps,’ he mumbled as he scoured the coastline for the elusive signals, ‘filling my head with tales of pirate lights – he knew that something was going on along this coast.’
He realised that his own light could put the other torch-bearers off, so quickly killed it. They wouldn’t know it was the police, exactly, but an extra torch could easily confuse their signals and stop them from whatever they were doing – and he wanted to catch them at it!
Now invisible, and trying to be silent, he made his way along the edge of the fields, till there was only loose grasses and sandy soil beneath his leather soles – inwardly he cursed as his city shoes were being ruined with every step.
A gull sang, grasses blew around him, a wave of surf rolled in. He couldn’t see any of these things, although they could have been mere feet away from him. At least the ground was still dry, even at that short distance from the lapping tide. The sound of surf was close now, he must have been as near to the water as the lights had been when he’d seen them from his window. Though now the lights were nowhere to be seen… In a moment, he realised that this was a bad sign. He looked around himself, and only sensed the movement a moment before he felt it…
Day 2 – Thursday


Chapter 15 – Senseless


…and then it was all over. A blur of sensations: a man’s arm across his face; his feet being dragged beneath him; liquid splashing over his mouth. Ammonia? Cleaning fluid?
He woke painfully over a protracted stretch of time. His eyes were the first to come to life, exploding as the morning sun reached them. His arms were next, aching as if he’d been flipped and body-slammed in a wrestling ring. Though, behind these shock feelings, it was the sickness in his gut that rose to dominate.
He could see, just about. He forced his gummed-up eyelids open, then quickly squinted again till they were almost closed. He could make out a sun-bleached image of the room he was in. It was roofless, empty-window-framed, sand floored. He dragged himself through the hollow doorframe at the back, and threw up.
‘I didn’t drink,’ he mouthed soundlessly. ‘I didn’t drink.’
‘Here is he!’ called someone from afar. In moments, he was howling as his jelly-arms were being pulled out of their sockets by eager volunteers gathering him up.
‘God, you’ve given us a fright, guv,’ said Bowden. ‘We didn’t know what had happened to you when you didn’t come down for breakfast.’
‘What a mess you’ve made of yourself,’ said Gull, who like Bowden had one arm around the stricken man’s shoulders.
‘What were you doing out here?’ asked Oliver, his own black, patent leather shoes being wrecked on the beach as Underwood’s had been the night before.
‘I didn’t drink,’ he repeated.
‘I know you didn’t,’ said Bowden. ‘I saw you head up to your room, didn’t I?’
‘And I don’t let guests run amok with my spirits after hours.’ This was Mrs Pletch, directing things from the rear. Lord, was the whole town out to see the spectacle?
‘Spirits! That was it!’ blurted Underwood. ‘That smell. It was rubbing alcohol.’
‘Jesus Christ,’ declaimed Mrs Pletch. ‘Then you need more than a cooked breakfast – it’s the Doctor’s for you!’
‘No,’ said the victim. ‘Someone left me like this to discredit me. Just get me to bed before anyone else sees.’
‘How can you think clearly at a time like this?’ asked Oliver, in awe.
Though the boss’s instructions were carried out.

He lurched into bed, and took a moment to regain himself. Oliver was as enthusiastic as Lassie, pre-empting, asking,
‘Shall I get out on the coast, look for footprints?’
Underwood shook his head, ‘There’ll be nothing left in the sand.’ His head throbbed every time he opened his eyes. But open them he did, trying to gather himself, ‘No, I want you out at every shop, grocery stall, and petrol station for ten miles, in plain-clothes, asking to buy cheap cigarettes and whisky.’
By now all the searching officers had been told that he’d been found, and had gathered at the bedside, crowding the pub hallway.
‘I don’t know what the other guests will make of this!’ grumbled Mrs Pletch, fighting her way through them.
Oliver muttered in the hall,
‘What’s all that about cheap whisky?’
A lightbulb went on over Gull’s head,
‘Phipps the woodsman. Our bedridden man here interviewed him last thing yesterday – I found the statement on top of the pile when I came down this morning. He’s full of tall tales, that one. He missed his vocation as a travelling minstrel. I reckon he filled our Inspector’s London head full of fancies of pirate ships and booty.’
‘Jesus,’ answered Bowden, ‘Come on, let’s get back and read his statement properly.’
‘And get me Phipps!’ shouted Underwood, as he bid all else away.

The woodsman was handily available that day, with his work at Sorrow’s Field completed.
‘Oh, here he bloody well is,’ spat the Inspector, as the large, genial man plonked himself down at the bedside chair. ‘Mrs Pletch is going to bring me coffee and scrambled eggs, and as I eat it you are going to tell me what made you mention those lights along the coast.’
Once his orders had been relayed, Phipps, humbled, began,
‘Yes, I knew there were lights, and I wanted you to be on the lookout for them. For all I know, your good landlady gave you this room overlooking the Harbour for the same reason.’
The patient turned to Mrs Pletch, standing at the door with the tea tray, whose guilty look confirmed it.
‘I’m not in on it myself,’ she began in self-justification. ‘This isn’t Jamaica Inn. This is a good establishment, no funny business.’
‘I know, I know,’ groaned Underwood. ‘But still you couldn’t tell me, either of you? You had to have me find out for myself? What scared you?’
Phipps stood, and spoke for both of them, ‘I don’t know who they are exactly. Most likely something to do with that ship that’s out there all day and night, broadcasting…’
‘Ship? What ship?’ Underwood spluttered into his tea.
‘That pirate…’
‘Pirate?’
‘No, not “pirate” pirate,’ explained the woodsman. ‘Not Long John Silver. Pirate radio. Like disc jockeys, a gang of Frenchies and Yanks, all sorts. They play records on a boat, they’ve got a huge aerial on deck.’
‘Go on.’
‘But they spend a lot of money in the town,’ added Mrs Pletch, ‘they need to eat.’
‘But they don’t only spend on food?’
‘Well, there are stories,’ said Phipps, as Mrs Pletch left the room to tend to her duties downstairs.
‘Like?’
‘Well, what do the papers say those music-types are into? Drink? Parties?’
‘Girls?’
‘Now, I haven’t heard anything about that!’
‘But something is bothering you.’
‘I’d heard stories of someone being out along the coast at night. I only wanted you to be on your guard.’
‘Then, thank you.’ Underwood resumed his eating.
‘Pirate radio though…’ Phipps shook his head in comedy disbelief as he rose to leave. ‘Who ever thought up that one? My girls love it though. The kids here get the best signal, you see, clearer than in London.’
‘London – that’s it,’ called the Inspector.
‘That’s what?’ asked Phipps. ‘Do you need something else from me?’
‘No, I’ve just remembered I have someone looking into something up there for me today. They were going to get back to me this morning. Phipps, when you go, could you pass the Station House and see if there are any messages for me? And, if my London contact does call, ask them to put her through to me here? And fetch Mrs Pletch back up, will you; see if she can get a phone put in this room?’
‘No worries,’ said Phipps as he turned and went. ‘Oh,’ he concluded, ‘and when you do get your phone line put in, you could call one of your men and send them to Finnegan’s Garage, out on the Norwich Road. I heard your lad outside asking where in town he’d find hooky cigarettes. Well, word to the wise…’
Chapter 16 – Oliver’s Call


Mrs Pletch ferried in a telephone attached to reams of flaxen cord,
‘This is my own extension, so if Vera calls, don’t talk to her! Just tell her that I can’t get to the phone, all right?’
‘I promise,’ answered Underwood. ‘And can I have more tea?’

Alone at last, he fought against the need to sleep. He went to dial the Thameside Station number, but paused… he couldn’t face Clodagh again, not at that moment – she’d sense he was ill, and worry about him, and not let him get away without giving her the details. She’d ask again if there was any way that she could help, and he would have to put her off.
He knew who he did want to hear from, but he didn’t have a contact number – anyway, where was her message? She was due to be getting back to him by now.
Instead, he called the number written on the phone dial for the local police. He got Miss Gull, and left a message for her brother: Firstly, send Bowden out to ‘Finnegan’s Garage’, wherever that was, for the cigarettes. Bowden was the broadest-shouldered of the lot of them, and in a farmer’s coat and boots he’d make the best impression of a chain-smoking local.
And secondly, have Oliver bring over the write-ups for the interviews with Mrs Morrow and Phipps the woodsman… As his mind cleared, so something niggled in the statements of the two people who thought they were each first to find the body.
He slumped back into his pillow, asking the room aloud,
‘Who did this to me? What’s happening here?’
‘What was that, dear?’ asked Mrs Pletch, entering with his second pot of tea. He brushed her concerns aside as diplomatically as he was able, and asked to be left to rest. He couldn’t be still though, and soon had his travelling case open, a notebook and pencil out, and began a column titled:

The Victim

– Clothes from London – was she from there, or did she only go there on a shopping trip?
– Travelled through Yarmouth, probably not local!
– …but could have connected there from anywhere.
– Stood at taxi rank, but no mention of a taxi (or any other strange car) seen in town yesterday.
– Something wrong in initial statements – wait for Oliver!

He could do nothing more alone. It was already mid-morning of the second day, and who knew whether Peacock was chasing up Yarmouth cabbies like he said he would; or whether Bowden was out looking for cheap cigarettes; or whether Gull was asking everyone along the High Street again, based on fresh information, whether they had seen a taxi; or whether Oliver was on his way back with the bloody files…
‘Hurry up, Oliver!’ he grumbled. It was getting on for an hour now – how long did it take to fetch two files from one end of that tiny town to the other?
At last, there were the urgent footsteps on the stairs he had been craving.
‘Sir!’ called Oliver. ‘So sorry. It’s chaos down there. About twenty local men turned up at Gull’s place while we were out looking for you. They want to help the search around the crossroads.’
‘I thought the Norwich bobbies had done all that yesterday?’
‘They had, sir, for three fields in every direction. But these men say they can’t just sit at home with the murderer still out there. They want to help.’
Underwood rose on his shoulders, hating his own inaction. He thought out loud,
‘Stuck in this bed, I know how they feel! Then get Gull to draw up a map, and then send them to the next mile south. There’s no use them coming north, as we know she wasn’t seen anywhere near the town. And any further east and they’ll be swimming in the ocean.’
He tried to remember the local map from memory,
‘Did we cover much to the west of the field?’
‘That way is the woods, sir.’
‘Ah, yes – where Phipps was on his way to do his tree cutting.’
‘But we didn’t find a leaf or twig or scratch-mark on her, sir.’
‘No, we didn’t.’ He made a mental note to double-check that decision when he was back at the Station House.
‘Anyway, sir, here are the files!’
‘Ah, yes, yes.’ He grabbed them greedily. ‘Right, you get on back down there and help Gull all you can. The other two are off on their travels?’
‘Yes, sir.’
‘Good, good. Then come back when you have any news.’
‘Will do!’
‘Oh, and Oliver!’ Something else suddenly occurred to him. ‘Why did we spend the whole day together yesterday, and you never once told me about that blessed pirate radio station?’
The earnest Constable stopped at the door,
‘But I did, sir. I told you about Claude. Radio Claude.’
Underwood fell back into the pillow, just about ready to give up.
Chapter 17 – Fact Checking


With that, Oliver was off, and Underwood was alone with his two documents.
The statements were largely the same, he remembered. He worked off Mrs Morrow’s, searching through the mental fog for his niggle: ‘The corner of a field’; ‘Blue dress with a greeny-blue hem, neat’; ‘Buckled shoes… scuffed’; ‘A necklace, a ring I think’; ‘A bag, a tiny green purse on a long thin strap. The type that little girls carry.’
He banged his fist on the bed, it was coming back to him. The sudden movement bought a fresh burst of nausea, but it was worth it. He moved to Phipps’s statement: location, clothes, were all just the same. But then the bombshell. He recalled their conversation:
‘The green bag,’ had said Phipps.
‘Ah yes, the purse,’ Underwood had answered.
‘No,’ Phipps had replied, quite decisively, ‘A drawstring bag, worn over her shoulders, like the kids carry their PE kits in.’
He lay back. In one way he was satisfied – the itch was scratched, the train of thought begun the previous evening had been concluded, he was up to date again.
Though in another way, this only left confusion. He asked himself: could two sane, sensible, apparently trustworthy witnesses have made such a misidentification between them? Could what one person identified as ‘a tiny green purse on a long thin strap,’ be identified by another as a kit bag?
There was no similarity between the rough fabric of a kit bag and the prettiness of that purse. That was the key – he himself had seen the purse, not the kit bag. Phipps’s statement was the one out of kilter.
At the top of Phipps’s statement were his contact details. Underwood grabbed Mrs Pletch’s phone, and went to dial… but words were useless in this. He needed eyes on it. Phipps would be out at work somewhere in town by now. But he would get him back at some point.

Underwood passed out sometime after that, and slept the sleep of someone who had spent the previous night unconscious on a beach. He also slept like someone no longer sick; or who at least could find a position he could lie in for long enough.
He was woken, possibly many hours later, possibly not long after at all, by further footsteps on the stairs. Though they weren’t Oliver’s – these feet fell much heavier – as Bowden soon burst into the room.
‘Guv! I didn’t wake you up, did I?’ His London vowels hadn’t softened from his years living on the East Coast.
‘No, and probably not a good idea to sleep in all day anyway.’
As the Inspector’s eyes cleared, he saw his man was dressed half-yokel, in the most ridiculous smock.
‘So, what news about the cigarettes?’
‘Finnegan’s Garage was a good tip,’ began his Sergeant, ‘though they had nothing in. They gave me a wink, and told me to come back at the end of next week.’
Underwood pondered,
‘Well, that is good and bad.’
‘I know, guv. We hit the right spot; but that means nothing came in over the beach last night.’
‘You’re ahead of my thinking, Sergeant.’
‘Well, I’ve had the walk back to go over it.’
‘I’m coming in. Wait downstairs for me.’
‘Very good.’
Bowden turned to leave, as Underwood added,
‘We could use you back at Thameside. Do you miss it?’
‘Only every day, guv.’
Chapter 18 – Back in the Game


It was the sunlight that hit the Inspector as he left the pub. There had been a couple of seasick moments as he’d stretched to dress and bent to tie shoelaces, but nothing like he’d feared. He would have a big lunch and he’d be fine.
Bowden walked half-pace with him along the empty High Street.
‘Where is everyone?’ he asked.
‘Every man and his dog are out searching the fields, guv.’
‘What are they hoping to find?’ asked Underwood to the street at large. ‘Nothing happened to her in the fields, or the woods – her clothes show us that.’
‘You know what it’s like though: one man volunteers, then another… soon we have a queue leading out of the door. A town can’t sit on something like this.’

They were soon back at the Station House.
‘Inspector!’ called Oliver, nearly spilling his cup of tea.
‘Good to have you back in the land of the living,’ added Gull, as Underwood rejoined them.
‘Thanks for keeping things running. Any new leads?’
Gull had nothing to boost the room’s enthusiasm,
‘I’ve asked everyone I’ve known in twenty years of living here, if they are certain that they didn’t see a taxi or any other unknown car in town two days ago. Every answer was a no.’
‘And have the field searches found anything?’
Gull shook his head again.
‘I can go and ask the search leaders?’ offered Oliver.
‘You take your tea break, lad,’ urged Gull. ‘He’s been run ragged this morning, sir, keeping those search parties going in the right direction.’
‘Thank you, son. And any sign of Peacock?’
‘Not yet. He did say, though, that he thought it could be a wild goose chase finding that one driver who might have picked her up. I can phone the Yarmouth taxi rank,’ suggested Gull, ‘and see if he’s there?’
‘No, don’t bother,’ said Underwood. ‘If he isn’t back, he isn’t back. Let him do his work.’
The truth was, other things were taking his attention.
He turned absent-mindedly to the map. Since the previous morning when he had first seen it, squares had been marked out as the different fields and orchards and estates had been searched, firstly by the uniformed Constables, and later by enthusiastic volunteers.
‘It’s funny though, isn’t it,’ began Bowden, interrupting his thoughts. ‘She had clothes from London, came in via Yarmouth…’
‘“Possibly” came in via Yarmouth,’ corrected Gull.
‘Okay, granted. But still, she didn’t have a bag with her.’
‘She had her purse,’ remembered Oliver.
‘But it only had a bit of change in it. Where were her tickets, raincoat, change of clothes, a chequebook, or the money to pay for a hotel, or anything that tells us what she was doing here?’
The room listened intently. Bowden had got good at this, his Inspector noted. Bowden was filling the role Underwood himself would have filled had he been at full speed. For all the Norwich Sergeant’s broad shoulders and burly manner, he had a brain between his ears. So, why did this worry Underwood?
‘She must have had a bag,’ repeated Bowden. ‘So, where has it gone? That’s our mystery.’
Indeed it was the mystery, thought his boss. But he wasn’t going to tell anyone else that yet. He changed the topic,
‘So, the sectors on this board. We’ve covered everywhere eastwards to the sea edge, and all the way northwards toward the town – where we’re pretty sure she was never seen anyway. The volunteers seem to be reaching ever southwards, into endless fields of nothingness, and nowhere near the main roads from Norwich or Yarmouth which she “may” have come in by.’
‘They want to help, sir,’ said Gull. ‘It might be better than leaving them broiling in town.’
‘Fair enough, but that wasn’t what I was getting at. What’s this area to the west that hasn’t been coloured in yet?’
‘Ah, that’s the land around the old Hall.’
Something in his stomach sank.
‘And we haven’t even called there?’
‘No, sir,’ answered Gull with seniority. ‘And if we do, you’ll see why.’
‘Well, it’s half as near again as the fields those blokes are trawling through right now under the midday sun. So, unless anyone has a better idea?’
The two plainclothesmen rose.
‘And will you need me along?’ asked Gull.
‘No, you watch things from here.’ He turned to the others, asking, ‘Bring the car around, won’t you?’
Once Bowden and Oliver were gone, he leaned in close to Gull, and spoke quietly,
‘I’ve bought the two witness statements back.’ He pushed them into the old man’s hands. ‘Bring Phipps and Mrs Morrow to the Doctor’s, ask them to check the girl’s belongings. And then double-check.’
‘What am I looking for?’
‘If it’s there, you’ll see it. Report back to me alone. Don’t tell another soul.’
Chapter 19 – The Big House


The three detectives travelled in Bowden’s Ford Zephyr, one of the long black sedans that had arrived in town with the Norwich men. They took the road to Crook’s Corner in a fraction of the time that it had taken Underwood and Oliver to walk the same distance the previous day.
Seeing the crossroads again brought a pang; but Bowden was clearly not a sentimentalist as he swerved the turn without a moment’s pause, treating it as any other junction.
‘This is the road my taxi came down,’ said Underwood.
‘Yes, it’s the Norwich Road,’ said Oliver, ‘all the way west.’
‘I remember those tall trees,’ he said, as they neared the woods that Phipps had been walking to that morning. And something else came back to him, an image filtering through his clouded mind. He said simply,
‘The wall.’
For the next mile at least, along their left-hand side ran a rough brick wall, so overrun with ivy and intertwined with old trees that it appeared as old as the landscape itself.
Beneath the afternoon sun, long shadows fell from the trees around then. Sometimes the trees met overhead to form a dappled canopy, shading the road. At a certain point, without a word, Bowden swung the big car through an open gate and onto a long gravel driveway.
‘The place looks a mess,’ said Underwood.
‘Years ago, this was a famous estate,’ said Oliver, ‘or so my parents told me. But these days, I don’t think half the village even remember it’s here.’
The car finally reached a turning circle and pulled up on crunching gravel.
‘What a dump,’ said Bowden.
‘It must have been nice once,’ said Oliver.
‘I doubt that,’ pondered Underwood. Cast in angled shadow by the bright sun, the old Hall’s gothic features loomed – carved faces looked out, sandstone window-frames were deep-set within the walls, and leaded glass was half-blocked out with ivy.
‘It’s like Dracula’s Castle,’ said Bowden, clearly unimpressed.
‘Come on,’ said Underwood, and led them out and up to the front door.
Within its huge stone porch, a brass button caught his eye. The Inspector went to press but paused. Instead, he noticed a line of light along the edge of the thick wooden, bold-studded door. He pushed gently, and it rolled open on groaning hinges. The young ones reached for pistols, perhaps forgetting they didn’t have them. Their Inspector understood – it did feel like a raid. He raised his arm to calm them.
‘Good evening,’ he called out, ‘this is the police.’
There was no answer. He called again with similar result.
‘Come on,’ he whispered, and led them in.
Little sunlight reached the inside of the house. The hallway was lit by gas lamps converted to electric. A frequent fluctuation in the current had the glow change in pitch, changing visibility by the second as if under candlelight.
‘What a load of bloody junk,’ said Bowden of the scene before them.
‘Is that a real tiger?’ asked Oliver, noting a hide rug complete with full head of growling teeth.
‘The real question is,’ asked Underwood, ‘are they real Gainsboroughs?’ He was noticing the rich landscapes and portraits on the panelled walls.
‘They could be a draw for thieves,’ noted Oliver, as if he was on a crime prevention visit.
‘Especially if they often leave the front door open,’ added his boss.
Only Bowden saw nothing to fascinate him,
‘This place is giving me the creeps.’
Sticking together, they went through each ground floor room. Most were found left in semi-darkness, and all were unoccupied – an abandoned dining room, a trophy room with five antlered stag’s heads, a genteel chamber full of plush chairs where the ladies might have retired after dinner.
Underwood came back into the low-lit hall, with its tasselled lampshades and faded, varnished furniture, after poking his head around a corner,
‘That’s the kitchen and larder. There’s not a soul alive back there.’ He looked up,
‘We’re not seriously going upstairs?’ asked Bowden.
‘What, you leave a house half-searched when it suits you?’
‘Never, sir. I only mean, respectfully, that there’s no trace of our girl here, nor any reason to think she had been here.’
Though Underwood had already broached the wide staircase.
‘What did Gull say about this place again?’ he asked Oliver, testing his memory.
‘Only that he didn’t think there was any point coming here. And that if we did, we’d see why.’
With those cryptic words ringing in his ears, Underwood found the top of the stairs and began exploring the upper floor. Oliver looked nervous, but stayed close behind. Bowden didn’t like it at all, but wouldn’t leave his senior officer uncovered.
The rooms upstairs were mostly locked behind huge, wooden doors. The walls were lined with the same wonky lights, again all left on.
‘Well, someone must be home,’ said Underwood.
‘Guv,’ called Bowden, who’d been exploring a sub-corridor off the main landing. The others came to meet him at the corner, and heard what he heard. Somewhere, a wooden fire was burning, logs crackling, sap popping. Following the noise, they found a single door ajar. Underwood went through first, then stopped just inside. The others came to join him in the wide doorway and watch the scene over his shoulders.
‘Doctor.’
‘Inspector.’
Underwood worked quickly to take in the details. Firstly, that idiot Bloom. What was he doing there? Then the bedroom itself, which was done out in much the same fashion as the fusty rooms downstairs. The focus though was a huge bed of stifling quilts and over-stuffed pillows.
Within the bed, in blue silk pin-striped pyjamas lay a man whose frame was withered away almost to nothing. Beside him was a machine of bleeping noises and flashing lights. While, from the back of a translucent hand, a pipe led up to a saline drip hanging from a metal frame. The scent of the room was part firewood, part mustiness, part antiseptic.
‘Who is this?’ he asked the foppish Doctor.
‘This is Lord Cardow. I’m his physician.’
Underwood moved toward the bed.
‘He won’t know you’re here,’ said the Doctor.
‘Forgive he if I learn that for myself.’
The Doctor made a bold move between them,
‘Morphine helps him rest. He’s had his afternoon dose.’
‘And what are you treating him for?’
‘Angina, palsy, the heart, the liver. There are times it can feel as though he’s battling Death itself.’
‘He must keep you busy.’
‘I’m here most days.’
‘He doesn’t keep you from your other patients?’
‘Inspector, this man led cavalry charges in the Battle of the Somme. When a man has lived such a life, what little I can do to ease his suffering at the end is no less than he deserves.’
‘The kitchens were cold downstairs,’ remembered Underwood.
‘A woman from the village brings his meals,’ explained the Doctor. ‘Though, increasingly he relies on fluids.’
Both men looked at the pipe that looped from a stand down to the old man’s arm, a line of blood creeping back along it.
‘Now, he really needs to rest.’
Bowden almost gagged on the thick air. The officers started to leave. Though Underwood stopped in the door, and turned to ask one last question,
‘Doctor. The house-call you were on, on the morning that the body was found: was it here?’
‘Yes.’
Underwood nodded, and joined the others on the stairs.
Chapter 20 – Grounds


‘It was like slow death in there,’ said Bowden, glad to be away from the fusty bedroom. Oliver kept his thoughts to himself.
‘What are the grounds like?’ Underwood asked him.
‘I’ve never been in them before,’ replied the young local.
‘What, you never played here as a boy? Never tried to climb the walls?’
‘Well, maybe once or twice.’
Bowden laughed, ‘Don’t worry, kid. I don’t think the Lord of the Manor’s in a position to care too much.’
‘So, what are the grounds like?’ repeated Underwood.
‘Just the same as outside the walls. Trees and more trees. I think I remember seeing a pond nearer the house.’
As they spoke, Underwood led them back downstairs; then towards the cold kitchen, where he found a locked backdoor.
‘Oh, I’m glad they keep this room safe,’ he muttered.
Bowden appeared at his shoulder, holding a rusted poker taken from the iron range. Underwood nodded, and the burly Sergeant broke them out.
There was a yard outside, walled and full of empty vegetable crates. The cobbled floor was littered with cigarette ends. A path led to a neat and manicured lawn. From there, they surveyed the landscape. Though the lawn, as they stared at it, revealed itself as unmown and yellowing in places.
‘There’s the pond,’ said Oliver. Though that too looked murky and overgrown with lilies.
All three looked in the direction of the coast, Crook’s Corner, the woods upon woods upon woods.
‘And somewhere in all that foliage is our wall,’ supposed the Inspector.
‘No one’s going to dig their way through there today,’ said Bowden, ‘not even with our army of volunteers.’
Underwood silently agreed.
He asked Oliver, ‘When you were kids, did you ever find a door in the wall?’
The young man quivered as he confessed,
‘Yes, but it was stuck, we couldn’t get through. The lock was rusted. We… we tried to force it with a screwdriver!’
The older men saw the pained expression on the youngster’s face, and both burst out laughing.

Bowden drove them on the journey back.
‘The girl didn’t have a scratch on her skin or a snag on her clothes,’ he reminded them in the car. ‘She wasn’t raped in any wood, and she wasn’t dragged through any rusted, rotted door.’
Oliver reeled at the succession of gruesome images. Underwood was lost in thought for the remainder of the journey.

‘Satisfied now?’
Gull almost spat the words at his Inspector as they re-joined him at the Station House.
Underwood held himself back, answering,
‘Anyone but an officer of your longstanding, Gull, a Captain in France, would be on a charge for speaking to their Inspector like that.’
Oliver shivered at the confrontation; Bowden hid a smirk, enjoying a good bunfight.
‘What is going on up there, Gull?’
Gull gathered himself, ‘The man in that bed is a better man that you or I, Inspector, who ought to be allowed to spend his last days in peace.’
‘No,’ charged Underwood. ‘Up at the Hall was that foppish wastrel Bloom, and that “better man than you or I” is his golden meal ticket.’
‘That is a Peer of the Realm you are speaking of.’
‘I don’t know who he is, and I don’t care. I only know that, right now, that “Doctor” is keeping him doped up as his prize cash cow. I had a good mind to pull that cable out of his arm. Then I might have had a conversation with “Lord Cardow” himself.’
‘You’d have killed him!’ shouted Gull.
‘Then isn’t what the Doctor is doing even worse? Keeping an old man alive as long as the family trust are paying his medical bills? ‘“I’m here most days,” he says. And on a healthy retainer, no doubt.’
‘I will not have my town and the people in it trashed like that.’ Gull spoke honestly and showed his disgust; though Underwood gave no quarter,
‘Well, your town trashed the life of that young girl. And so I’ll trash whoever I have to to get to the bottom of it.’
‘Well,’ said Bowden, ‘she might not be your biggest worry after you’ve heard this.’
Bowden had drifted out of the exchange to find himself a cup of tea, but the phone had rung as he’d passed it in the hallway. As soon as he’d picked it up, he wished he hadn’t. Now he had to pass the hot potato onto his boss,
‘Guv, we need to get you up and out to London. You’re needed.’
Underwood stood in silence, as Bowden summarised the call,
‘There’s another body, sir. She was blonde, thirties, smartly dressed.’
His heart and his hopes sank,
‘Miss Grey?’
‘There’s no doubt about it, sir. They say she had your codeword in her handbag.’
Chapter 21 – Miss Grey


She was messier than the girl, thought Underwood. It was the first thing he noticed as they stood in the doorway of a small wooden backroom to a seedy-looking London ‘restaurant’ called the Apple Tree, though it was little more than a cafe.
‘It wasn’t the same killer,’ he said.
It had been a chaotic drive down. Half of his belongings were still in his room at the Three Lights; and with Bowden driving and Oliver along to prop him up in the back seat, that only left Peacock and Gull holding the fort back East: Peacock on his Yarmouth taxi stand vigil, and Gull asking further questions in the town.
Inspector Underwood was instantly the most senior figure at the new crime scene, though his beach sickness had come back with the motion of the car. He was fighting off the shakes and wished he had a blanket around him. Mrs Pletch’s food and tea had helped earlier, but he was still very far from being at the races. That was bad for a Senior Investigating Officer, and he knew it.
Thankfully, those around him knew what they were doing. Ex-Thameside Station man Bowden still knew half the men there, and after muted reunions he was able to coordinate beside his silent superior.
One decision Underwood had already taken was that Oliver wasn’t ready for the sight of it – he had been sent out for tea and bacon sandwiches for all. Clodagh was there, however, in her local duties as a WPC. Now, as Underwood shivered beside her, the investigative instincts he had so encouraged in her over the past few months were becoming a plague.
‘It’s her you asked to go to the dressmakers, isn’t it?’
‘Yes,’ he answered.
‘We found the Oxford Street label in the morgue snaps when they got to us – but you didn’t ask anyone here in London to follow it up.’
‘No.’
‘And we found this in her handbag.’
Underwood looked to see the folded paper note reading ‘Jackdaw’.
‘You gave her that in case she needed to come into the Station. Why? To tell us what she’d found at the shop?’
‘No, it was “just in case”. And I didn’t “send” her there, she offered. She’d been… helpful.’
‘She played you.’ This was an accusation, but Clodagh issued it so gently that it felt more like a hand on his arm in support; a hand Clodagh couldn’t physically offer with other officers around.
‘She must have been involved, guv,’ whispered Bowden into his boss’s ear. ‘She wasn’t killed just for asking about a girl’s dress; and certainly not killed like that…’
All the while that he had been standing there, Underwood had been looking without looking, somehow not seeing the horror of it. Now it all came clear before him. A waft of the alcohol he’d been sent unconscious with the night before came back and hit him, then a pang of pure sorrow at the ending of a faint romantic hope – a hope that anyway had been proven illusory.
‘So, what do we have, Constable?’ he asked a passing PC.
‘It’s brutal, guv. There’s a slight cut to the chest, but the real damage is around the neck and the back of the head. Her hands are cut too.’
‘So,’ deduced Clodagh, ‘he tried to stab her, but she grabbed the knife with her bare hands.’ She spoke with absolute certainty, as though testifying for the dead woman.
‘You think the wound to the chest was the intended blow?’ asked Underwood.
‘Yes, sir.’
‘That’s my guess too,’ said Bowden, ‘though she fought that off and cut her hands to ribbons in the process. So, he grabbed her by the neck and…’
Underwood finished the sentence,
‘…and stove the back of her head in on the floor.’
‘Jesus,’ remarked Bowden. With that one word, he summed the mood up for everyone present. ‘And what’s with all the smashed-up furniture?’ he asked.
Underwood fought nausea to take in each detail – cracked mirrors along the room’s back wall, every chair and table turned to firewood.
‘The man must have gone wild afterwards,’ said the young Constable.
‘Not during?’ Bowden asked him.
‘There’s not a splinter in her body, the Doctor says.’
‘Which Doctor?’ asked Underwood, suddenly panicked. Though he quickly recognised the Thameside Station pathologist amid the busy crowd in the tiny backroom.
He heard his name mentioned, and looked up. ‘Inspector,’ he called. ‘Yes, a nasty one here. I’ll clear my diary for her this afternoon. Let’s hope we find some pattern to these blows – it might give us his height. Otherwise, we can only hope he left some trace of himself behind.’
‘Though nothing sexual?’
‘No, it’s all from the chest up.’
‘Thank the Lord for small mercies,’ whispered Clodagh.
‘It’s got to be one of the gangs,’ said the young Constable, full of himself. ‘Though it’s more like what they’d do to a fella, isn’t it, sir, not to a woman. As for why, well, we thought you might be able to help us with that, sir.’
Underwood found himself in the spotlight.
‘Yes,’ he acknowledged, ‘we knew Alice Grey from the Cardow Case.’
‘The “Girl in the Field” murder,’ added Bowden for clarity, repeating the name given to the case in that morning’s papers.
Underwood added, ‘Though, I didn’t have a reason to think she was involved… before this.’
‘Can I speak to you for a moment?’ asked Clodagh quietly. She left the room carefully and calmly, before he had a chance to answer.
He followed her to a quiet spot outside on the pavement.
‘Do we have to do this now?’ he asked her.
‘Yes, because I want to work together on this case, and I can’t do that while “this” is eating us up.’
‘What is eating us up?’ he asked, eager to get back inside and get on. But she had clearly formed a speech in her mind, and he would have to hear her out. He owed her that much.
She began,
‘Well, you call me when you need someone to talk to.’
‘Yes.’
‘But…’
‘But?’
‘But you haven’t answered my question for weeks. What are we, Jake? Just colleagues, or more… because I’m not at the Station all hours just for the job. And I think you’re smart enough to know that.’
‘Cee… I.’
‘I know, I know. The case. But the look in your eyes when you saw her, Jake. The way you said her name. What’s going on?’
Jack couldn’t answer.
‘You look peaky,’ she noticed.
‘After the day I’ve had…’ he began, but even thinking of going further with the tale of the beach brought the bile back up into his throat.
‘Something’s changed, Jake. I can feel it. Any other time you’d say, “I’ll take you out to dinner, we can talk about it.” But we can’t talk about this, can we.’ (And when she said ‘this’ both knew she meant ‘her’.)
‘The case…’ he began again, but knew that line was getting old. ‘Coffee though? As soon as we’re done here?’
She couldn’t help herself from smiling. Then remembered the sight that had just been before them, and corrected her expression.
‘I do need you, Cee,’ he added, really trying.
‘But I need more than you “needing” me, Jake. I’m putting in for a transfer.’
‘But… don’t do anything till I’m back in London.’
‘Be careful, Jake.’
In an entirely appropriate manner, she turned and went back into the restaurant.
Chapter 22 – The Restaurateur


Soon they were back on the road, again in the Ford Zephyr that had brought them up from Norfolk that morning. Now it took them through the narrow streets of old London, nosing between brick terraces and tatty shops on corners. Signs blared out in candy colours from the walls: Pears’ Soap, Fairy Liquid, Player’s Cigarettes.
‘Watch yourself!’ shouted Bowden from his window, as he corrected his driving to avoid a market trader in the middle of the street. His words had no obvious effect.
They soon pulled up at a tired-looking end-terrace house overlooking a road-junction and a children’s playground. A small pale-blue squad car was already there on the paving slabs outside. Children on swings watched as they got out of what was probably the largest car they’d ever seen on their road.
And it needed to be large – up front were Bowden and Underwood, in the back were Clodagh, Oliver and the young London Constable brought along for his knowledge of his patch. In their uniforms and suits, they would have been an impressive sight. Though the effect was undermined by the oldest man among them looking like he needed a lamppost to lean on.
As the local Constable banged the door, Underwood half-hoped the rotten frame would fall in on itself, so saving them from having to request entry.
A wizened woman in a housecoat opened it a fraction, blinking at the new light suddenly allowed into her hallway.
‘More of you bloody lot?’ she stated, moving back to let them past. Clodagh nearly choked as the wall of dust hit her. ‘Up the stairs, first on your right.’
They left the woman to it, whatever she was doing.
‘So, are we sure he was at the restaurant last night?’ asked Underwood as they went up the stairs.
‘He confirmed it to the local coppers who found him still in his bed this morning,’ blared the London Constable.
‘And anyone else?’
‘No, just this fella. He claims he’d sent the staff home before he locked up.’
‘Customers?’
‘None have come forward.’
‘Even after this? It must be the talk of Soho.’
‘Ah, you know that no one around here will tell you anything, sir.’
And he did know it.
They found their colleagues already standing in the open doorway.
The man himself appeared, in trousers held-up with braces, and a vest. He was dragging a towel across his head, and murmured,
‘You could have waited till I’d shaved before you came stomping up here.’
‘He claims there wasn’t a soul at the cafe last night, so closed early,’ explained a local Constable standing guard.
‘So, were there any customers or weren’t there?’ Underwood went in tough without introductions.
Stocky Bowden remembered the drill from the old days, and moved right on to his boss’s shoulder, shouting,
‘Well, answer the Inspector!’
‘One or two, you know, but the place was dead by nine.’
‘So, you knocked off early? That’s odd, you don’t look like a man who’s had a good night’s sleep. Do you still have your keys?’
The man nodded, and lifted a heavy chain out of the pocket of the brown jacket hanging over the end of the bedroom door.
‘Now, you wouldn’t have trusted a second set of these to someone else for the evening? As a favour? To pay off a debt?’ The man shook his head.
‘He looks terrified,’ whispered Clodagh at the back of the room.
‘But of who?’ asked Oliver.
‘Do you know an Alice Grey?’ Underwood asked the scruffy man. ‘Blonde, slim, always dresses smart?’
He nodded, and Clodagh saw his trick.
‘When was she last at the restaurant?’ he asked.
‘She’s in most weeks. Not every day, mind. I always spot her though – she adds a bit of glamour to the place.’
‘Who was she with yesterday?’
The man held his towel down now, and looked genuinely baffled.
‘She wasn’t there yesterday,’ he answered. ‘It’s been a while, actually. She works out of town… wait, what are you asking about her for? It wasn’t…?’
‘Who did she sit with?’
‘Usually alone.’
‘Usually, so not always?’
‘Sometimes a bloke. Look, what…?’
‘What kind of bloke?’
‘Like her: smart, sharp suit.’
‘A business suit, a going out suit?’
‘Business suit.’
‘Build?’
‘Five-ten, medium build.’
‘So, half the men in London then. Hair? Balding?’
‘Brown hair, a little greying at the temples. It comes to us all,’ he laughed, before rubbing his few remaining strands with the towel again.
‘And when did you last see him?’
‘Oh, not for ages. Not for ages.’
For the first time the restaurateur didn’t look to the Inspector as though he were trying to be genuinely helpful – he blustered, and broke eye contact.
‘“Not for ages”?’ repeated Underwood.
‘Really, not for a while, boss. Not for a while.’
A uniformed officer who’d been going through the man’s things in his other room, reappeared, shaking his head. ‘Sir, nothing to report in there but a few girly mags.’
‘Well, a man’s got to have some pleasure, hasn’t he?’ smiled the cafe owner.
‘You’ve been through his washing?’ asked Underwood.
The officer’s unfortunate expression confirmed he had. ‘Nothing bloody in there, guv, but a lot of greasy aprons.’
‘Look, boss, you’ve got to tell me – was it her?’
Underwood nodded to confirm; then noted the man’s reaction – a genuine shock and sadness.
‘Have you been through all the rooms now?’ the Inspector asked the Constables, who nodded. ‘Then, could the rest of you wait for us downstairs? I won’t be long.’
He smiled, and turned back to the man, still smiling. Bowden smiled too, as he knew this trick. He also knew to stay right there as Underwood’s right hand as the others traipsed down the stairs.
‘Right,’ the boss began. ‘It’s only us here now, so we can all relax. Anything you say will be for my ears only. Right?’
‘Right, boss.’ The restaurateur shivered.
‘We’re going to get this straight, okay?’
‘Okay.’
‘Who do you pay protection to?’
The question landed square, but the man didn’t answer, he didn’t seem able to. He turned quickly to Bowden, perhaps expecting a punch in the stomach. But the solidly-built Sergeant restrained himself.
‘Very well,’ resumed the Inspector, ‘let’s put it another way. I won’t ask you to break any confidences. That wouldn’t be fair of me.’
The man seemed to relax at hearing this. Underwood went on,
‘But, let’s assume that there is someone who you do offer a… consideration to. And then one night, they ask you to shut up shop early, and leave your spare keys for them to use your premises for their own business or pleasure.’
The man didn’t answer, but neither did he go weak at the knees. Underwood had yet to find his secret.
‘That wasn’t it?’ he asked, not expecting an answer. ‘Then it must have been someone else… though I can’t believe you’d ever take the risk of your friendly neighbourhood associates learning that your premises were being used by someone else after hours.’
There went the knees. Bowden suddenly thought the man was going to wet himself.
‘You wouldn’t dare,’ agreed the Inspector. ‘Quite right! Because word of such an arrangement has a way of getting out when the police are in town asking questions about a murder.’
‘You wouldn’t do that, guv!’ blurted the man. ‘You know what it’s like out there.’
‘Someone might catch word of it, someone might want to ask you very vigorously about it, they might end up wanting to tear your whole place apart. I’m sure you’ve heard of such things.’
The man nodded so hard that his head nearly came off.
Underwood wanted to dial things back. He knew that he was staring at a very minor player in the game. But he had two murders to solve. He resumed for one last push,
‘Then, I ask you once last time: who did you give your keys to last night?’
Underwood stared.
The man stayed silent.
He shrugged, and let Bowden throw his blow.
Chapter 23 – Her Flat, a Bed, Two Papers


‘So, did you ask him what happened?’ asked Oliver once they were all back sitting in the squad car.
‘Yes,’ grimaced his boss.
‘Then what did he say?’
‘That he didn’t know who did it.’
‘Well, how do we know he didn’t do it?’
‘God,’ began the London Constable, ‘they don’t teach you corn-munchers much out there, do they?’ He was probably no older than Oliver, but was a lifetime ahead in street-smarts.
Underwood wanted time to think, but was finally roused to offer his apprentice a question,
‘Oliver, what was your first observation of that flat?’
‘That is was a tip, sir.’
‘Exactly. So, can you imagine a man that messy not leaving a trace of himself at the crime scene? Or him not bringing a trace of the crime scene back with him to his flat?’
‘No, sir!’ he realised like a revelation.
‘And what else?’
Oliver struggled for the words, ‘His… character wasn’t right.’
‘Go on.’
‘He… he didn’t have it in him.’
‘Right!’ agreed his boss. ‘He possessed a complete lack of the personal intensity a man needs to carry out a crime like we saw at that restaurant. At that point, he goes from being a suspect to being only good for information. His only purpose is to lead us to the suspect. He’s a pawn, Oliver. We’re looking for the King’
‘…Or the Queen,’ added Clodagh, to whom he gave a knowing look.
‘So, who did do it?’ asked Oliver.
The London bobby cursed,
‘London’s not like your hayseed town, mate – there are powerful people here.’
Oliver didn’t ask any more questions for the moment.
It was a glorious summer’s day. The sun was pouring into the car, and the red brick walls of the buildings were singing with reverberated church bells and the nursery rhymes of children playing at the nearby park. At any other time, Underwood might have felt glad to be alive.
Right then though, he had other things on his mind. Bowden was also occupied plotting their way back onto the main road. So, it was left to Clodagh to summarise for Oliver,
‘Well, it’s going to be someone bad, isn’t it,’ she said.
‘But who could be that bad?’ went on Oliver. The car lurched, and they slid across the leather seat like three kids in the back on a day trip. ‘I mean, the restaurant owner’s landing himself right in it by not telling.’
‘Have you been to London before?’ she asked.
‘To see my Aunt at Easter, she’s out near Cheam.’
‘Well, that’s not exactly gangland,’ chuckled his London counterpart.
‘Where to then, sir?’ asked Bowden.
‘What addresses do we have?’
‘There were two letters in Miss Grey’s handbag,’ recalled the London Constable. ‘An invoice for stationery, sent to a “Swift Fingers Typographic Agency” in Shoreditch.’
‘And the other?’
‘An electric bill, in her own name, sent to a flat in East London, just off Commercial Street.’
‘Then we have our winner. The flat.’

As the car drove through the city he knew, Underwood felt much better. He was back on his own patch, he knew his footing; and back in good health, it seemed, except for the occasional stab below his ribs. It had all come back to him, seeing Alice’ Grey’s body. Yet in general, as the day went on, so his stomach pains and sickness has receded. He also had a much clearer crime to investigate, one he sensed would lead them on to a resolution much more easily than the first.
They parked outside Spitalfields Market, where the tradesmen’s early day was already coming to an end.
‘Are you enjoying the smell, Oliver?’ joked Clodagh as they exited the car. The bins were full of offcuts nestling in the midday sun, and what had been fresh produce at daybreak was now odorously otherwise.
‘It reminds me of the herring ships coming into Yarmouth Harbour,’ he reminisced, with barely a shiver in his nostrils.

Miss Grey’s building was cramped and very old. It was accessed by an arch-roofed alleyway, leading from the main road between a newspaper shop and a launderette.
‘At least she didn’t have far to go for things,’ said Oliver, loving his day out. Clodagh could only smile to herself – she’d dreaded having the day with just the Inspector. But having Oliver and his naive charm along was making it much easier.
Once through the alley, they emerged into a courtyard lined with doors and front windows. Flats ran in rows linked by walkways. Following the cafe owner’s directions, they turned and started up a narrow brick staircase, to the doors above the shops.
‘Well, the augurs aren’t good even out here,’ said Underwood as the broken tiles of the first-floor walkway crunched below his feet.
After fighting the rusty lock, the door came open, leading into a single bed-sitting room. With the wall bed already pulled down, all five struggled to be in there at once. Bowden hit the light switch, but the pale orange glow barely cut through the mustiness.
Clodagh went straight for the clothes rail,
‘These are nice pieces.’
‘She must have spent all her money on them,’ suggested Oliver.
‘It certainly hasn’t been spent on anything else,’ said Underwood. There was a single ring fire, beside a sink where chipped plates had been left drying; a battered wooden dressing table; and wallpaper bubbling along the edges of the picture rail, probably through damp.
‘Perhaps she’d fallen on hard times?’ suggested Clodagh.
‘At least the bed was left neat,’ noticed Underwood, as though it seemed to matter to him.
Clodagh asked a mental question: had he been in that bed? But just as quickly she dismissed it as ridiculous, given the timescale. Yet the brevity of their relationship made things felt even worse somehow: He had known the woman only for only one day, yet had already preferred her close council. Clodagh couldn’t help an angry feeling towards the dead woman, that rose and fell within her throughout the day.
‘How did a woman like her end up here, though?’ asked the Inspector.
‘A woman like what?’ asked Clodagh.
‘Someone smart, articulate, business-like.’
‘It’s handy for Liverpool Street Station,’ answered their local PC, to rolled eyes.
‘Maybe you didn’t know her all that well?’ muttered Clodagh, biting her tongue.
‘No,’ he offered humbly, ‘I didn’t. Though there’s only one word for what we see here,’ he announced with a rhetorical flourish, ‘money; or the lack of it. How old was that electricity bill?’ he asked the Constable.
‘The Third of March,’ he answered.
‘And she’s still carrying it around three months later?’
Chapter 24 – Balcony Discussion


Underwood left the flat and went to stand on the brick walkway outside. It looked out over the small courtyard, lined on all sides by more walkways, serving flats just like Alice Grey’s.
Across from him, a level above, a woman in a headscarf and housecoat beat a rug with a wicker bat, then coughed with the dust. At ground level, two young men talked furtively and traded roll-ups. Who knew what they were up to, but the presence of the police on their patch wasn’t putting them off. Underwood read that as a sign of relative innocence.
‘Watch yerself!’ called a boy as he went running past them, his mate following a second later. They were a blur of woollen tank-tops and school shorts, black shoes scuffed to hell and back, the curse of their poor mothers.
‘What are you looking at?’ asked Clodagh as she joined him at the balcony.
‘Nothing, I’m just trying to read this place.’
‘And what’s it telling you?’
‘Not much, beyond the fact that Alice Grey did not belong here.’
‘She cast a spell on you, didn’t she?’
He didn’t answer.
‘You didn’t sleep with her though, did you.’ It was a statement, not a question, but he answered anyway,
‘No, I barely spoke with her two or three times,’ he answered.
‘But sometimes a man just falls for a woman right away… No, don’t say anything,’ she continued. ‘I’m not mad – how could I be, after what you saw this morning? But I am sad, Jake.’
He tried half-heartedly to interrupt, but she put it down,
‘We had fun, Jake. I get it now. It wasn’t leading to any more with you. I hoped it might, that you might come around to me. But you were still looking, whether you knew it or not.’
‘Cee…’
‘I’ll see you back at the car.’ And with that, she turned and made her way back down the stairs.
He watched as her uniformed figure disappeared behind brickwork, then reappeared in the scruffy, paved courtyard below. She stopped to help an old man with his shopping trolley across the broken stones of the narrow-arched exit…
A single exit…
At that point, the other three men came out of the flat, all rudimentary checks complete.
‘Do you need anything else in there, guv?’ asked the London Constable.
‘No, lock it up.’
‘Where next then?’
‘There’s one thing that bugs me – that electric bill.’
‘What about it, sir? I’d have my heater on full blast too, in a place full of damp.’
‘No, that it was left so long in the red.’
‘Well, if this was where she was living, then she was on the ropes, all right.’
‘We need to find her office,’ said Underwood, ‘see her books.’
‘We’re on it, guv.’ Bowden turned to leave, taking the others with him, but Underwood stayed rooted, still thinking. He looked to the flat door, asking,
‘Nothing had been touched in there, had it?’
‘Only by her,’ agreed the London Constable, stopped in his tracks as the others went down.
‘And there was nothing suspect – no names, no papers, no photographs?’
‘There was one snap in there.’
‘Oh?’
‘We found it in a drawer after you’d come out here, guv. It was of her, younger, on a beach smiling.’
The verbal image broke his heart – he was so glad that Clodagh wasn’t there to spot the look on his face, as only a woman would have. But he gathered himself, repeating,
‘So, there was nothing suspect in there. But someone else might not know that.’
‘Guv?’
His gaze turned to Oliver, a level below them now, watching life over the balcony, as he himself had been doing. He asked the local Constable,
‘Do you live nearby, fella? Could you grab him a jacket and a pair of strides?’
‘What, you leaving him out here on his own, guv?’ He leaned in close, ‘He wouldn’t say boo to a goose!’
The Inspector considered leaving both the young men there; but that would have meant a day with only Bowden between him and Clodagh. And of the two possible lads to keep near, he needed this one’s local knowledge.
‘He’ll be fine. Anyway,’ he said brightly, ‘there’s only one way in or out of these flats, so he doesn’t need to be too close. There was a cafe across the road – he could sit in there, and see everyone coming or going.’
‘I’m not sure…’ the local demurred.
‘Well, have we got any other men free?’
‘Not with a murder scene in town.’
‘Then it’s decided.’
‘What’s that, sir?’ asked Oliver, hearing the voices and looking up.
‘Wait there – how do you fancy a bit of undercover?’
Chapter 25 – Oliver’s Watch


‘So, what am I looking for?’ asked Oliver, as they dropped him around the corner from the cafe and the market and the flats.
‘Anything out of the ordinary,’ answered Underwood.
‘But how will I know that?’
‘Just remember what you said about the restaurant owner, that he didn’t look right. And if anyone intrigues you, take their description or a registration.’

So, it was a very loose brief. But it turned out well. After a busy couple of days, Oliver was amused to find himself being paid to spend a couple of hours drinking tea and doing the crossword in the previous day’s newspaper. He read the headline too – ‘BODY OF GIRL FOUND IN FIELD. Norfolk. No Leads. London Police Called In.’ – but it had gone to print before Miss Grey’s body had also been found. There was a paragraph of text about the ‘London detective’ investigating along the coast, but they had no names or details to give.
And his boss had been right about the watch – from the window table, Oliver had a perfect view of the alleyway between the shops that led to the flats. Through the steamy cafe window, he saw housewives and salesmen and old folk come and go. Mothers carried shopping, an old man came and went with his trolley, and those same two boys never stopped running, backwards and forwards, in and out of what must have felt like their private domain.
From where he was, he also heard the sounds of Spitalfields Market clearing up. They reminded him of his hometown harbour when the catch came in.
His accent and his lack of local nous meant no one clocked him as ‘the law’, and he even got into conversation with a couple of the locals, under his guise of a traveller waiting for his train back East. After an hour or so, he’d really begun to relax. So much so, that he almost missed the fellow in the sharp silver suit.
Another man in business dress had been in the cafe with him earlier, though he had left to go knocking door to door – Oliver pegged him as ‘the man from the Prudential’, or perhaps Vernon’s Pools. This new figure, though, was dressed more sharply, less workaday, maybe intending to show off.
‘I wouldn't want to scuff a suit like that,’ uttered Oliver to himself as he dropped his paper on the Formica table and leaned forward.
However, it wasn’t only the suit that had caught his attention: as the new figure walked along the shopfronts, nearing the alleyway, Oliver felt the same alarm ringing in his brain, the one the Inspector had told him to listen out for – the man did not look right:
He walked too fast, then too slow, he kept looking side to side. He was shady, he looked nervous – and this seemed odd, reasoned Oliver… ‘For you would have to be quite confident to think you could carry off that suit.’
‘More tea?’ asked the woman at the counter, hearing his mumbling. But Oliver was rapt.
Still, the woman had spotted a quiet opportunity to come over to the table to talk. She asked, in a warm, round voice,
‘So, who are you watching out for, then?’
Oliver was shocked at the question, fearing he’d given himself away; but the woman only smiled,
‘A little tip for you – when you finally spot who you’re looking for, don’t squash your face up against the window like a squirrel who’s seen someone digging up his nuts!’
She burst out laughing. Though she quickly went quieter when she saw the seriousness on the young man’s face.
‘I’m a police officer,’ he offered quietly, ‘undercover.’
‘Well, why didn’t you say?’ she replied. ‘We have your lot in here all the time. Night Constables usually, looking to warm themselves up on a lonely beat. They tell us their stories. I’ve heard it all!’
She pondered, ‘But you’re not from around here, talking like that.’
‘I’m from Norfolk.’
‘Ah! The “Girl in the Field”!’ The woman spent a moment putting pieces to together, then nodded to the flats across the road, asking,
‘So… it was someone from those flats that did it?’
‘Not exactly.’
‘So, it was someone over there who was murdered?’
Oliver looked stunned. She went on along her own train of thought,
‘A murder…’ The word had a power to shock. ‘In those flats?’ She nodded again to the other side of the road. ‘I knew it! Trevor?’ she called through into the back of the cafe, ‘What did I say about that pair arguing in here the other night? I said, no good was going to come of it.’ She turned back to Oliver,
‘I bet she was beaten black and blue, right?’
‘Who was?’ asked Oliver, having to look away from the window to field the question.
‘Big girl, dark curly hair?’
‘No, no,’ he answered hurriedly.
‘So, she’s all right?’
‘I haven’t a clue. Now, please…’
‘That boyfriend of hers is a piece of work though…’
‘Shush!’ commanded Oliver. The woman did indeed go as quiet as a schoolgirl being told off, and he was amazed to witness his own power. He learnt a lesson in that moment: that issuing a command as a police officer had an effect.
Oliver turned back to the steamy window. He watched as the shiny-suited man moved forwards a little, then back along the pavement, he even looked towards the cafe for a moment – Oliver lifted his paper and lowered his head down behind it – before the man finally summoned up his nerve and darted down the narrow alley.
At that point, Oliver realised no set course of action had been instructed. The silver-suited man hadn’t pulled up in a car, so there was no registration to take. Nor could Oliver be certain that the man was heading to Miss Grey’s flat… but Oliver was sure of it! He left his paper, said, ‘I’ll be right back,’ and jogged out of the cafe and into the traffic of the busy road.
Chapter 26 – Her Office and the Girls


The London Constable had headed back to Thameside Station to write up his report. Bowden joined him to go through the evidence found at the smashed restaurant. Underwood and Clodagh now stood alone at the threshold of the Shoreditch Office of Swift Fingers Typographic Agency.
Underwood lamented losing the others, but Clodagh was all professionalism and it wasn’t going too badly so far, with nothing of their personal dispute being brought up again.
The office had been located on the first floor of a large Victorian building, just off Shoreditch High Street. It wasn’t too far from either Miss Grey’s flat or the railway connection to the East. In what had once been a factory, the ground floor was now a drapery. Meanwhile, the offices upstairs were a hive of administrative activity.
Clodagh looked along the serried rows of neat young women, each sat at a typewriter. Some had headsets on, other shuffled pages of crisp foolscap paper into document holders. And she couldn’t help but notice their clothes: A-line dresses, knee-length skirts, chiffon blouses, sometimes worn beneath suit jackets, which were still buttoned although it was quite warm. All wore their hair tied back or in an Alice band. Looking beneath the desks, Clodagh saw only court shoes or buckled brogues.
She noticed that the Inspector was looking at the women too, though not in the way a man usually might.
She said, ‘Your Girl in the Field could have pulled up a chair at any of these desks and fitted right in.’
He answered, ‘It’s been my theory, since the second I saw her, that she didn’t belong out there – this is where she came from.’
‘Can I help you?’ It was a slightly older version of the typing girls who presented herself to the visitors.
Given Clodagh’s uniform, there was no need to announce themselves as officers, as Underwood did as standard when with his plain-clothes colleagues. Instead, he only asked,
‘Hello, we’d like to talk to whoever runs this office.’
‘Well, that would be Miss Grey…’
‘Ahem, then we need to talk to someone about Miss Grey.’
‘Have you heard from her then?’ asked the woman, agitation rising. ‘She was due in today.’
‘Perhaps you could show us to her office and we could talk there?’

It was never easy giving someone news like that. Afterwards, Clodagh pulled the blinds closed in the glass-partitioned room, as the woman sat and wept at her former-boss’s desk.
‘When?’ she asked.
‘We believe last night,’ said Clodagh.
‘And how…?’
The Inspector spoke with due consideration,
‘It was a violent death.’
The woman jolted; her tears paused with new shock.
Clodagh was rapt, the atmosphere between the two speakers was electric.
He went on,
‘There’s no easy way to way to speak about this, Miss Rachael,’ for that was the name the woman had given as they’d entered the office, ‘but we can only assume that Miss Grey was involved in something dangerous, or knew dangerous people.’
‘And is there… a danger here?’ she asked, haltingly.
‘You mean to yourself?’
‘And to the girls?’
He considered, ‘Not apparently so. But that rather depends on what you’re working on here.’ He pushed on, ‘Now is the time for open speaking, Rachael.’
‘But we don’t do anything “dangerous”! We’re just a typing agency! What on Earth do we do that’s “dangerous”?
He digressed,
‘I knew Alice Grey. Only briefly, unfortunately. I met her at a previous crime scene – it was the body of a girl. She just like one of yours out there – smartly dressed, bright-looking. She was found dumped in a field at the side of a road.’
Something in the listening woman crumpled.
‘“Dumped in a field”?’
‘Yes.’
As if on cue, Clodagh produced a mortuary photo of the first victim from her black satchel, and slid it across Miss Grey’s old desk.
In those past few minutes, Miss Rachael’s face had displayed everything from upset to anger to defensiveness. So many signs and signals that Clodagh struggled to read her.
‘I haven’t seen that girl before!’ she blurted. ‘And I would know her, as it’s my job to remember – hundreds of girls!’
‘Rachael,’ he began, ‘please think hard.’
She shook her head helplessly. ‘Unless… well, the firm has other offices.’
‘Where are they?’ asked Clodagh, with pen and notebook ready to make a note.
‘Edgware, Croydon, and the Cardow Office… Miss Grey was in Cardow this week. Was that where…?’
‘Yes,’ said Underwood, ‘that was where the girl was found.’
‘Cardow is a long way from the other offices,’ noted Clodagh.
‘But we won that contract,’ explained Miss Rachael, ‘for the boat.’
‘What boat?’ asked Underwood. ‘One of the fishing firms?’
‘No, the radio boat.’
‘Ah, yes,’ he nodded in grim recollection. ‘It’s amazing how often that radio ship is cropping up in this investigation.’ It all came back to him as he gathered his thoughts. ‘But we already know the first victim didn’t work in the Cardow Office,’ he declared.
‘And who’d told you that?’ asked Clodagh, very unprofessionally. She couldn’t help herself.
He squirmed in his chair; just as Clodagh had squirmed while he had reminisced about knowing Alice ‘only briefly’. How selfish, though Clodagh of herself. Her rival was dead, and yet still she envied her. Perhaps because she imagined that ‘Alice’ had taken her Jake’s heart to the grave?
Back in the room… at the mention of Cardow, Underwood noticed there was something else showing in the woman’s face. He pushed it,
‘Tell me about Cardow.’
‘It’s… only a very certain type of girl who gets invited to that office.’
‘“Invited” is a strange word,’ he noted.
‘Perhaps the best word though. I never was, you see.’
The two police officers gave each other a silent look.
‘It was the way he looked at them,’ added Miss Rachael.
‘Who is “he”?’ asked the Inspector.
‘That man, her partner.’
‘What, a business partner?’
‘Yes.’
‘And any other kind of partner?’
‘Who knows, the way they were together, always whispering.’
Underwood sunk in his chair. At that moment, Clodagh did feel for him. Her heart gave out a pang in sympathy, as she knew how soppy men could get over women.
He held it together though, asking,
‘So, tell me everything about this man…’
Chapter 27 – Kicking In Doors


Outside the cafe, Oliver found himself alone, standing in a busy street in a city he didn’t know, and wearing a borrowed T-shirt bearing the name of someone called ‘The Moody Blues’.
He made straight for the tunnel-alley, where the man in the silver suit had just gone in before him. But as Oliver entered, he fell headlong into one of the local boys, now racing at him on a scooter.
‘Watch out, Mister!’
Oliver wanted to tell him to get out of it, but had a better idea. He asked him,
‘Did you see a man go past before me?’
‘Yeah,’ the boy answered admiringly, ‘he looked like a movie star.’
‘Where did he go?’
‘Up where you were earlier. Here, what’s going on with Miss Grey? Are you the police?’
‘Have you seen him before?’
‘I might have – what’s it worth?’
‘My Inspector will buy you your own weight in gobstoppers, how’s that?’
‘Come with me,’ the lad instructed, as he dragged his scooter backwards through the tunnel – it was too narrow a space to turn it around. He ran quickly across the courtyard to a brick pillar supporting the first floor of walkways. ‘In here!’ he called, beckoning Oliver with his hand.
Oliver ran after him and didn’t turn until he was safely in the shadows and out of view of the upper flats. Once there, he looked up… and saw what the boy saw: the silver-suited man, putting his whole weight behind an effort to force Alice Grey’s door.
If the man’s appearance in the street had given the impression of urbanity, here he showed a rougher side. Oliver had a vision then – of the man making those same thumping motions: toward the Girl in the Field; or at the prone body of Miss Grey. What does a killer think as they see the life drain from their victim?
That vision felt more realistic than attempting to imagine the flabby restaurant owner carrying out those acts, but it still didn’t feel entirely right.
Oliver sensed he hadn’t long – the silver-suited man clearly couldn’t get in, and would be feeling very visible to potential witnesses. Murderer or not, he was involved in all this, and was clearly terrified; enough to take stupid risks.
Oliver watched as yet again he shoved at the door, fully shoulder-barged it. It didn’t give. Oliver wasn’t going to learn why he was so desperate to get in there. But the situation was clear: they needed to speak to him.
What was also clear was, beneath that suave suit, the fellow had a boxer’s physique. In only borrowed jeans and pop music T-shirt, it was Oliver’s turn to feel exposed.
‘You gonna arrest him?’ asked the kid.
‘Not likely – are you seeing how he’s going at that door?’
‘You a coward then?’
‘No, I just don’t fancy getting my head duffed-in.’
‘What ya’ gonna do then?’
‘Follow me, throw your scooter across the alleyway… then run!’
Oliver dashed back across the courtyard and through the tunnel. The lad followed him, clattering his scooter across the entrance as he did so. Outside on the pavement, Oliver again issued the instruction, ‘Run!’ before he himself dashed between traffic to get back to the cafe.
Thankfully it was still in a lull and almost empty. ‘I need your phone,’ he stated.
The woman registered his urgency, and pointed to the handset on a pillar on the way to the washroom.
He realised he didn’t have a number for anyone in London. He dialled 999.
‘Emergency, which service?’ the exchange operator answered promptly.
‘This is Constable Oliver, working with Inspector Underwood. Can you get a call to him… a call to anyone really, to get to Market Cafe in Shoreditch, to assist in an arrest. Back up required!’
‘Are you a Thameside Station officer?’
‘No, but I’m here assisting Inspector Underwood. We’ve been at Cardow in Norfolk. You know the murder up there, that he was called out to?’
He remembered the note, with the codeword. He shouted,
‘Jackdaw!’
There was a seemingly endless pause before the operator answered… ‘Okay, I’m sending a car. Hold your position. And I’ll try to get a message through to the Inspector.’
Chapter 28 – On the Staircase


Clodagh threw a pile of files back down onto what had once been Miss Grey’s London desk. She declared,
‘One-hundred and thirty-one typists, dictation machine operators, translators, personal assistants and general administrators, all with photos on their file, and not one of them being a match for the Girl in the Field.’
‘Hell,’ offered Underwood, unhelpfully.
‘Which means she didn’t come through Swift Fingers after all,’ she surmised.
‘Or?’
‘Or, that in the twenty-four hours since the news broke of the first murder, her file has disappeared.’ Clodagh pondered further and stated, ‘We can’t trust the word of a single person connected to this agency.’

When the detectives eventually left the office, they found Miss Rachael in her own room and asked her quietly,
‘Tell us again about this man.’
‘I saw him rarely, he was just her “business partner.” As I say, he was mostly there to check the books… and to look for girls for Cardow.’
‘And are the Cardow girls on file here?’
‘Perhaps their files went to Cardow with them?’
Clodagh and Underwood each noted the ‘playing dumb’ answer from a woman who would surely have known exactly where every file was kept.
‘And his description?’ asked Underwood, changing the subject.
‘Again?’
‘Please.’
‘Stocky, average height, always wore very smart suits.’
They gave each other a look of: nothing more to see here, and headed to the staircase. Miss Rachael followed them, though she halted by the rows of desks. She held back the tears, and summoned up her voice,
‘Girls, girls! Could you pause a moment? Thank you. That was the police. I’m afraid they have brought us some very sad news. Our leader and company founder, Alice Grey, last night passed away.’
There were gasps and nervous jitters.
Miss Rachael went on,
‘I don’t know any more than that. I can only tell you of the sadness and shock I know we all must feel. Please, take a few minutes if you need to. Thank you.’
From the top of the stairs, Clodagh looked back along the lines of smart young secretaries. For the most part, their fingers were soon tapping away as before; but their able, professional faces were now plagued by doubt.
‘I wonder how many of them will be back here tomorrow?’ she asked.
‘They still need a wage,’ reasoned Underwood.
She shook her head though, ‘There’s not much loyalty in temp work – they could be let go any day. And after that news… I can see this office being shuttered in a week.’
They left the upper floor, to find their way back through the walls of hanging linen in the drapery below.
Clodagh was thoughtful,
‘You were tough with her in there.’
‘When?’
‘Right after you told her about Miss Grey. You didn’t give her a moment to herself.’
‘Well, that’s the key moment, isn’t it, before they can regather themselves. There’s a chink of light that comes through in a shock, and I need to push at that door before it slams back shut. There’s time to heal later, but I need that moment.’
He added, ‘And you were good with her.’
‘Thanks.’
‘You knew what to ask. Have you had investigative training?’
‘You know I haven’t.’
‘No?’
‘Jake, I’ve been assigned to Thameside Station for the past eight months. We’ve spent half our nights together in that time! Have you not listened to a thing I’ve said?’
‘Sorry, I get… distracted.’
‘Yes, you do!’
‘So, do you want the training?’
‘Yes, I do!’
‘Good. Then we’ll arrange it.’
He had other things he needed to say too. Checking that they were alone, he announced quite matter-of-factly,
‘Cee, you are quite clever enough to spot that that is twice now that Alice Grey led me astray.’
Clodagh could have listed them both. Though he did so before she had a chance,
‘Firstly: telling me she’d ask on Oxford Street about the clothes. And now: possibly having misled us about the dead girl having worked for her.’
‘Are you asking for forgiveness?’ she replied.
‘No, I’m wondering whether you’re going to turn me in.’
‘What for?’ asked Clodagh. ‘For falling for a blonde who was fighting for her life?’ Despite her best efforts, Clodagh found herself trying to understand him still.
Meanwhile, he despaired,
‘It’s never happened to me before, Cee. Never in my life.’
‘Well, that’s because you left London confused. Because we were falling apart.’
‘Is that what happened?’
‘Well, it feels like it to me. But I don’t want to talk about it.’
And, in his shame, neither did he.
But before they could get any further, Miss Rachael burst back into their lives, calling down the stairs,
‘Inspector! Inspector! There’s a call for you, I’m told it’s urgent.’
Chapter 29 – Squad Car


‘What is keeping them?’ asked Oliver. He was asking the cafe, asking the world. ‘London’s full of police!’
It had seemed an age since making the call. Thankfully though, the silver-suited man had not emerged from the alley yet. Oliver pulled on his borrowed denim jacket, and went out to face him when he did. The jacket would at least offer some protection in a scuffle. And the one piece of police identity he still had with him – his warrant card – was ready in his hand.
Suddenly, a tiny squad car lurched around the corner, and two large, uniformed men got out.
‘Thank God. I’m Oliver,’ he announced, brandishing his badge.
They looked at the thin, nervous juvenile in casual clothes, and then looked at each other.
Oliver was about to make his explanation all over again, when a man who looked like an Italian film star emerged from the alleyway behind them. His trousers were ripped and his was leg bleeding. He was carrying a mangled, child’s scooter, that he proceeded to dash down onto the pavement in blind fury.
He looked up to see two of London’s finest stood watching his every move. Then turned and ran.
‘Oh, Jesus!’ said one of the officers as they went after him. Without a choice now, the two burly men, sweating in shirts and ties and buttoned black tunics, put their helmets under their arms and went chasing.
However, if their uniforms were ill-suited for a chase in warm sunshine, then the suspect’s outfit turned out to be worse. Oliver dashed after all of them, and turned a corner… to find the three in a heap on the pavement.
‘Those nice Italian shoes weren’t made for running in, were they, sir?’ said one of the officers to their new charge, as they righted themselves and him. The man’s arms were held at his sides. ‘You need rubber soles for running,’ agreed the other. ‘Then, sir, you won’t go slipping over at the first corner.’
‘So what does the Inspector want this fellow for?’ one of them asked Oliver.
‘He didn’t look right.’
Chapter 30 – The Silver-Suited Runner


Clodagh and Underwood arrived at the business end of Thameside Station. This was around the back, where the black vans jostled loading and unloading their human cargos; where cars big and small, with red or blue lights atop them, pulled in for refuelling or repairs, or dashed out to salve the city’s latest wound.
They passed through the broad garage doors, where the wood had been repainted and repaired into extinction, and where the brickwork had been sullied by years of exhaust fumes and city dirt. Through the melee they saw Oliver, still wearing his groovy T-shirt and denims. He had a huge mug of tea in his hand, and was being congratulated by Underwood’s opposite number in the Vice Squad.
‘Inspector Kenneally?’ asked Clodagh, as they neared. ‘What’s he got to do with it?’
Underwood walked forward to join the conversation,
‘What’s the occasion?’ he asked, in amazement.
‘This fellow your lad just brought in,’ shouted Kenneally, his red face glowing. ‘It’s bloody Asquith! He’s been on our list for months!’
‘He took a risk, showing his face back in London,’ said a younger, plain-clothes officer at Kenneally’s side.
‘He’s been seen around,’ repeated his superior, ‘but never for long enough to catch him.’
‘On what charges?’ asked Underwood.
‘Drugs, girls… He was a face around Soho a couple of years back.’
‘Really?’ asked Underwood, surprised at this new angle. ‘He doesn’t look very street-level.’
Kenneally shook his head, ‘No, he’s more the “Marrakesh Connection” if you know what I mean.’
‘North Africa?’
‘What’s it called,’ the young one chipped in, ‘“the Beatnik Trail”?’
‘He doesn’t look much like that either,’ considered Underwood.
‘I think this one knows how to smarten himself up,’ said the Vice Inspector. ‘I might start calling him “The Chameleon”.’
‘Good one, guv,’ laughed his sycophant.
Kenneally was enjoying his moment, grinning like a Cheshire cat.
‘North Africa indeed,’ he went on. ‘An enterprising man could bring all kinds of ideas back from a place like that.’
The Vice officers nodded in shared understanding, though said no more. Instead, the boss shook his head in relief,
‘I thought he was already back over there, along with half of our Most Wanted list. I never thought he’d see the inside of this Station.’
He leant in to Underwood,
‘Although, he’s got money, this fellow, so it won’t be long before the lawyers are here. Your lad bought him in – fair dues. Shall we say: half an hour for your mob, before we come in to pin the lot on him?’ He leant in even closer, ‘Jake, who is this fellow to you?’
‘I don’t know yet,’ he answered. And that happened to be the truth.

‘All good?’ asked Clodagh, as he left the conversation and rejoined her.
‘The guy’s a wrong-un,’ he answered with stern happiness. ‘At last, a real criminal in this case!’
‘Watch yourself though,’ called Oliver, ‘you didn’t see how he went at Miss Grey’s door!’
They went straight to the interview room, where the man they now knew as Asquith was sitting at the wooden table, his hands cuffed behind him. A burly PC stood guard inside the door.
‘Don’t get angry,’ whispered Clodagh to her partner as she followed him in.
‘I’m Inspector Underwood,’ he announced as soon as he’d sat down, ‘and this is WPC Bryce. Mr Asquith, yes?’
The man nodded.
‘You’re in a lot of trouble, Mr Asquith,’ he began. ‘And we don’t have long before the Vice Squad come knocking, and you find yourself in a whole lot more…’
The man just nodded, with all his previous anger seemingly dissipated. Underwood remarked,
‘There are people who want your scalp, Mr Asquith. God knows what you’ve been up to. I hope it goes without saying that being helpful here is about the only way you can help yourself.’
The man gave another calm nod.
‘Although, I must say, it’s been a while since I’ve sat opposite a suspect and not had the usual blast of indignation and protestations of innocence.’
‘And what’s the point of that?’ asked Asquith.
The Inspector took a moment to process. His first thought was: the voice didn’t match the suit; it was pure London barrow-boy. The second thought was: what was Alice Grey doing with a man like that?
He took another moment, considered Clodagh’s advice, but went in anyway. He launched to his feet, pushing the table back and tipping Asquith’s chair half-way over. In handcuffs, he wouldn’t have been able to get his arms out behind himself to break his fall.
Suddenly terrified, the man looked to Underwood, then to Clodagh, then over his shoulder to the guarding Constable – who stood impassive, unmoved.
Clodagh had seen the Thameside men go at it full blast before – “All a part of the job,” they would say – and she was trying very hard to accept it.
Underwood remained standing, towering over Asquith,
‘A woman I was speaking to yesterday is now dead! You were seen banging on her front door not an hour ago. I want more than calm responses from you, Mr Asquith. I want answers.’
Chapter 31 – A Ploy


The Inspector sat down and pulled the table back, letting Asquith’s chair fall back onto four legs.
‘What were you doing at her flat?’
‘I was checking she was all right.’ The man was still startled, and it told in his voice as he answered.
‘“All right”?’
‘Yeah, I heard a rumour something had happened to her.’
He spoke shakily after his fright, but Clodagh sensed the logic circuits were still in action, and his answers were being worked out. Her colleague must have thought so too, answering,
‘No.’
‘“No”?’ shot back Asquith. ‘You’re saying I didn’t care about her?’
‘I’m saying: that that doesn’t sound like the actions of a man who’s been fugitive to the police for months, who’s involved in something that has seen two people killed, and who has the Vice Squad outside waiting to interview him…’
‘What? They don’t have anything on me!’
‘That is not my concern,’ thundered the Inspector. ‘My concern is that the man I’ve just described would be connected enough to know everything that happens in this town; certainly to know that a woman he was in business with had been found murdered that morning – for I take it you are the man who ran Swift Fingers with her?’
He nodded.
‘Then, if the authorities truly “don’t have anything” on you, why was your first instinct not to come into the Station and tell us all you knew?’
He offered only the slightest sneer of incredulity.
‘I thought as much,’ said Underwood. ‘You know yourself that you’re as guilty as hell. Even if you bluff your way past me, you’re not going anywhere today, this week, probably not for a good few years after that. So, do one good thing with your life: tell us who killed her.’
‘I don’t know that.’
It wasn’t the answer Underwood wanted, but the tone had changed. Clodagh noticed, and jumped into the pause that had formed,
‘Then let me ask you some questions, totally noncommittally.’ (Underwood rolled his eyes.) ‘You knew that Alice Grey was dead before our colleague found you trying to force her door?’
He nodded.
‘How did you know she was dead?’
‘Honestly, it was a rumour. Like you say, I’ve been in London, keeping my head down. A killing in Soho… and of a woman? That’s going to get the grapevine going.’
‘What were you there for?’ asked Underwood, a glance from Clodagh keeping him honest.
The man went shifty again, asking,
‘If I’m in as much trouble as you say, then why get myself into more?’
Underwood looked to the door to ensure it was shut tight,
‘Look, no one else is in the room. We won’t share this conversation. We’re not Vice, we don’t care about drugs or anything else. We’re bothered about why you tried to break into Miss Grey’s place today.’
‘Drugs. Yeah, that was it. I was worried she had drugs.’
The officers looked at each other. Underwood rolled his eyes again. Clodagh said,
‘Well, we found nothing like that in there.’
‘Good, good. I wouldn’t want her mixed up in that. Ruining her name.’

‘Come on now’ said Underwood, quietly. ‘There was no evidence of drugs in her home, her career, her demeanour. What were you really there for?’
But Asquith knew he only had to wait them out, before the Vice Squad took their turn. The Inspector had to ask though,
‘So, who was Alice Grey to you?’
‘She was my business partner.’
‘And were you partners in any other sense?’
Asquith smiled for once, ‘We’d had our moments, shall we say? But nothing serious.’
‘And were both sides happy with that?’
‘Yes, perfectly happy.’
‘Because, in my experience, it’s often the woman who wants more.’
Clodagh, sitting right beside the Inspector, didn’t know if he meant anything with that line, but it bridled her, nonetheless.
Asquith spluttered,
‘What, you’re playing the “crime of passion” angle now? Give me a break.’
Clodagh changed tack,
‘We believe you were present at the Swift Fingers office on occasion?’
‘Yeah, “on occasion”.’
‘Specifically, we are told, when girls were being selected for the Cardow Office.’
‘Well,’ he shifted in his seat, ‘that’s a very specific contract – we can’t send just any girl down there. They have to be the right… sort.’
‘Specific how?’ asked Underwood, gearing up for another power play.
‘They…’ he shuffled again, seemingly more worried for Clodagh’s reaction than for Underwood’s. ‘Look, a place like that, they need a girl to look the part. We can’t just send any old keyboard clatterer down there. It’s public relations. You know what these kinds of places are like.’
‘What kind of places?’
‘Radio stations. It’s all about the image at a gaff like that.’
‘Radio Claude,’ said Underwood to himself, attempting to remember the scattered fragments of information he had gathered from Phipps and others before and after his convalescence.
‘Yeah, right. Radio Claude. You’ve seen the girls who go to pop shows, who go on TV? Well, the ones we send to them have to be like that. That’s all it is.’
‘And you’re the man best placed to look for that quality?’ asked Clodagh.
‘Look, lady, don’t go giving me that evil eye just for doing my job. I… have some experience in that area. I’ve worked in clubs, I’ve run shows. I know the kind of women that place needs.’
At that point, there was an early knock on the door.
‘Well,’ said Underwood, ‘it looks as though the opening act is over, and you are about to enjoy the main show.’
‘Wait,’ he called as the two officers rose, ‘I’ve been helpful! You’ll put in a word for me?’
‘Yeah, I’ll put in a word.’ Underwood stood back and paced the room. This was his last chance, and he decided to try something. ‘But, Mr Asquith,’ he resumed, ‘two women in your circle are dead. And next time we speak, we are going to need answers.’
‘No,’ Asquith answered quite decisively, finally gaining his feet. ‘The “Girl in the Field” was not “in our circle”. I have no idea who she was!’
Clodagh watched Asquith’s protestations with surprise and unexpected delight. How could she be mad with ‘her Jake’ when we could play a trick like that? He’d lobbed the notion of the first victim possibly being known by Asquith into the fishpond, and let the ripples roll. As it was, the ploy had yielded no results. Clodagh looked to the Inspector though, who seemed to wear a look of it having been worth a try.
There was another knock at the door, and they knew their time was up.
Underwood tugged his forelock, ‘Till the next time, Mr Asquith,’ and they were off.
Chapter 32 – After the Interview


‘We’re done,’ called Underwood through the closed door. The guarding Constable opened it to let them through, as Kenneally and his bragging minion came in.
‘Oh, you’re not going anywhere,’ Kenneally’s wingman called to Asquith. ‘And get back in that chair. What are you doing standing?’
‘You might remember me, Mr Asquith,’ began Kenneally himself, as he sat down. ‘We spoke once before, a number of months ago now. Now, our colleagues will have asked you all these sordid little questions already. But we’re going to have you answer them all over again…!’

Clodagh and Underwood fled the hot, smoky room and found a quiet section of the corridor to catch their breath and process what they’d heard.
‘He was pretty upset at the suggestion that the Girl in the Field was known to Swift Fingers,’ said Clodagh.
‘As if we ever doubted it,’ said Underwood, ‘after Alice Grey turned up dead.’
‘It’s big for you to say that,’ said Clodagh, with honestly.
‘And that’s not all we can deduce,’ he added.
Clodagh nodded, ‘He pretty much admits running girls for the radio station.’
‘And once we open that can of worms,’ added Underwood, ‘then who knows what else we’ll find.’
‘Do you think he’s still dealing drugs?’ she asked.
‘A man like that won’t stop his own gravy train. And it also begs the question… What interest has a man like that got in co-founding a secretarial agency?’
Underwood waited for the penny to drop.
‘They were laundering,’ said Clodagh, guessing the full picture.
Underwood nodded, ‘I’ll bet you a penny to a pound, that when we go through the books of Swift Fingers, we find jobs on the ledger that didn’t exist, invoices “paid” with his other earnings, dirty money going into Alice Grey’s clean accounts.’
Underwood had a strange instinct then, he tried to voice his thoughts aloud,
‘This Asquith, this yob in a sharp suit, giving himself the surname of one of the most famous families in England… How did Alice ever get involved with a man like him?’
Clodagh left the question unanswered; for did he really want to hear: Maybe she liked it rough?
But something soured his face anyway.
‘What’s on your mind?’ she asked, loving them being back in partnership.
‘Asquith has opened up a new angle. I need to ask the kind of person who’d know about all that.’
‘Kenneally?’ she supposed.
He shook his head, ‘No, I think I have to go to the source. The Police aren’t the only authority in this town.’
Chapter 33 – Gangland #1


Ten minutes later, and Underwood was driving alone in the long black car. It reminded him of their recent journeys along the East Coast – the memory confounded him, and made him uneasy, as if every second in the vehicle reminded him of that failed search.
He had considered taking someone with him on this visit, as per protocol, and also for his safety. But the meeting he was hoping to have was one person, one room. The colleague he might have brought along would have been left waiting in the car, they might have raised awkward questions after. And anyway, nothing from the conversation was going to be admissible. He had already considered it: no, it was much better flying solo.

Before leaving, though, he had said to Clodagh,
‘You know, I couldn’t see the wood for the trees. The first murder clouded me – the girl left in the field: it was so singular, so odd. And it threw me. But the second – a body in a backroom of a restaurant, her head stove in. That’s our meat and drink…’
The recalled image of Alice’s body made him shudder as he drove.

He hadn’t called ahead to his destination; but they would know he was coming. He made sure to approach the casino along the main road. That way, the man in the red jacket at the gilded, revolving door would see his car pass before it pulled around the corner for the staff entrance at the back. They would see he was alone, and hopefully the man would recognise him: would spot not only that it was a copper, but that it was this copper.
After pulling in to park, and giving them another minute for whatever they felt they had to hide away in there, Underwood was confident. He took a moment to breathe, to appreciate just what he was about to do: to go alone into the private den of one of the most dangerous men in London.
He opened the car door and stepped out.

Slowly and deliberately, he entered the casino’s grubby back door. So much less-grand than the front – there was no red-carpeted foyer here, no men in red waistcoats opening doors, no others in black blazers offering security to those who played by the rules or a warning to those who didn’t. There were no girls in shiny dresses carrying trays of drinks or packets of cigarettes. No, all there were in those scruffy backrooms were men with rolled up shirt-sleeves and braces moving unmarked boxes of who-knew-what, and dancing girls in sequins and feathers slipping, gigglingly between the stage and their dressing rooms.
In just a few hours, the high life of London would be taking their places in that building: businessmen, magistrates, and women of every description. Though all there was to see at that moment were the preparations.
One smartly-dressed man was present – an attendant, someone keeping things in order. Nothing happened in that backroom without him being given the nod, and without him being offering one back in return.
‘Inspector,’ he greeted, entirely without surprise.
‘Harry?’ asked Underwood.
‘This way.’
He was led up a set of carpeted stairs, and then along to a suite of gilt-door-framed offices.
‘What drink can I get you?’
‘Scotch,’ he answered – he still couldn’t face the stuff after his sickness, but to have refused the offer would have been bad form.
The man nodded to say he would bring it right up, and was gone.
Underwood was left there on the long landing. He wouldn’t have been offered up this far had the old man not been readied for him. He breathed again. Here he had no power, even as an Inspector of Police. Here a man could be made a body without compunction, then be dispatched to any number of disposal sites across the farmlands or motorway constructions of the South of England with equal alacrity.
And not a person inside that building, nor for half a mile around it, would have breathed a word, least of all to the police, nor lost an hour’s sleep over it.
Underwood knew the rules – he had no grounds to argue them. And those rules were carved in stone – they were the rules of a medieval city state. And in the room ahead of him, waited that city’s prince, he who must not be offended. And Underwood was about to enquire after a murderer.
He pushed the doors.
‘Ah, Jake. It’s been too long.’
‘Harry.’
‘Nicholas is fetching you a drink?’
‘Yes, thank you.’
‘The least we can do. Close the door behind you. Take a seat.’
The room seemed too large to fit inside even that vast building. It had three separate windows looking out over one of London’s finest squares. At one end was an office space with an ornate marble-topped desk; then a lounge section, in which they were now sitting, formed by a square of Chesterfield sofas around a tiger-skin rug; and at the other end was a boudoir with dressing table and a veiled four-poster bed.
Underwood was sure that he wouldn’t be the last visitor to these rooms that evening.
‘We’ll be busy soon,’ said Harry. ‘I trust we won’t be long?’
‘Not too long.’
There was the slightest knock on the door, and the assistant entered with a silver platter containing just the one glass. There were decanters within the sumptuous chambers, so who knew what all the drink-offering pantomime was about. Underwood guessed at a deliberate show of goodwill.
With Nicholas gone, they could begin the conversation. There was no need for Underwood to state what he was there for. In fact, so well-encoded was the form of such a meeting, that the policeman hardly needed to speak at all. Harry began,
‘A bad business in the Apple Tree last evening.’
‘Yes, it was.’
‘A Miss Grey, I believe? Not a lady of my acquaintance. Though I appreciate your visit, Inspector.’ (Underwood noted the acknowledgement of his rank.) ‘A crime like this can shake a community, put people on edge. I imagine that a policeman would want know if any of the local businesses might know anything that could assist him in his enquiries.’
‘Indeed.’
The old man’s tone edged a shade deeper,
‘It’s a bad one, Jake.’
‘It is.’
‘It has to be, if you’re coming to me. The Apple Tree isn’t mine,’ he clarified.
‘So I believed.’
‘And so, you do know whose it is?’
Chapter 34 – The Research Trip


‘So, where has the Inspector gone?’ asked Oliver.
‘I wouldn’t like to say,’ answered Clodagh. ‘But I can guess.’
She was driving Oliver around in a blue and white panda car from the Thameside pool. They were on a kind-of tourist trail for the criminally inclined. At a certain corner, she pulled up,
‘So, up there is Wardour Street,’ she nodded straight ahead.
‘That’s where the restaurant is, where the body was found!’ remembered Oliver.
‘We’re in the centre of Soho. Now, even out in your sleepy village, Oliver, you must have heard of Soho?’
If he had ever heard of it, then his expression didn’t show much recollection.
Clodagh explained, ‘Well, let’s just say that not everything that takes place around here is entirely on the straight and narrow. You work in Norwich though, right?’ she asked. ‘That’s a city. There must be clubs, girls, fights?’
Oliver nodded.
‘Well, think of that times a hundred.’
‘Okay,’ 
‘Now, the area on that side of the road is run by a man called Carlo Severin.’
‘He’s the landlord?’ asked Oliver, wide-eyed.
‘Not exactly,’ she laughed.
‘So, is that who the Inspector has gone to see?’
‘I don’t think so.’ Her expression betrayed unease, which Oliver picked up, asking,
‘So, where is he?’
‘Now, Jake…’ she corrected herself, ‘…the Inspector has been around these parts for a while; and when he first came to Soho, it wasn’t Carlo Severin running things. It was a man called Harry Dennick. Soho was a glamorous place back then, so the Inspector tells it, full of cabarets and comedy and dancing girls.
‘“People used to dress up for a night out,” he says. “Top hat and tails for the gentlemen, ballgowns for the ladies,”’ she giggled. ‘Dennick ran Soho from a place called the Palais, a grand hotel, casino, nightclub, ballroom all in one. He was a grand figure back then, so I’ve heard. He was never seen outside without a tuxedo, and at home would wear silk pyjamas and a smoking jacket. He was friends with Noel Coward, Ivor Novello, Lawrence Olivier.’
‘All the greats,’ wondered Oliver.
‘Well, all the great men, at least.’
Oliver got things back on track,
‘So, this Dennick was in charge?’
‘Yes. Only, then Severin came along. He wasn’t like Dennick – he grew up from the streets. He made his money from garages, storerooms, importing and exporting. Half the lockups in London are full of his stock, so they say. He put his money into bars, dives, triple-X places. Dennick hates him, the Inspector says, though they have to rub along. But then a crime like this occurs, on Severin’s patch…’
She concluded, ‘I think the Inspector has an old romantic side to him. I think he likes Dennick’s Soho better than Severin’s.’
‘And that’s who he’s gone to see?’
‘I guess so.’
‘So, do we follow?’
‘No, we stay right out of it.’
‘Where did you learn all this?’ he asked.
‘A Trainee Woman Police Constable can learn a lot in eight months hanging around London coppers, especially if she keeps her ears open. And the Inspector and I, we… used to talk.’
‘You’ve fallen out though,’ said Oliver, more statement than question.
‘Yes, I think we have a bit,’ she answered.
She put the car into first, and turned across the junction, back toward Thameside.
Chapter 35– Gangland #2


‘Another drink?’ asked Harry Dennick.
‘I’m good, thanks,’ answered Underwood.
‘Well, with that look on your face, Inspector, I think I’ll need one for myself.’
Amid the splendour of his sumptuous rooms, Dennick rose from the Chesterfield and approached the drinks cabinet. The decanter clinked as he pulled its stopper and poured.
‘So,’ asked Dennick, ‘this wasn’t some lost tourist? A handbag-snatch gone wrong?’
He spoke of serious things in a tone the Inspector found a shade too casual.
‘No,’ answered Underwood. ‘This was a killing. And no one’s talking. And I don’t want to squeeze the restaurant manager.’
‘An innocent, most likely. With his life to protect.’
‘My thoughts exactly.’
Dennick was soon settled back into his sofa with his scotch on the rocks. Underwood tried to mirror Dennick’s pose, but he was too tense to be at ease completely, even on those plush chairs.
‘What was she mixed up in, Jake?’
The policeman hesitated. He wanted this casino owner to know this was important. Which Dennick did know, adding,
‘Oh, I know I’m asking you to share your secrets, Jake. I hope we trust each other? And as for who runs the Apple Tree,’ he mused, ‘I’m sure you could easily find out… if you wanted to.’
God, thought Underwood, even Harry Dennick’s scared to speak the man’s name. It would be up to himself to talk plainly,
‘The Apple Tree is Carlo Severin’s, right?’
The grand old man sat upright, then half-reclined again,
‘Say the Devil’s name, Inspector, and the Devil will come to you.’
‘Oh, the Devil I can live with. It’s a dead body on my patch that keeps me awake at night.’
‘Yes, it does none of us any good to leave things… unchecked. So, cards on the table, Inspector: what was she involved in?’
‘I don’t know yet.’
‘Nor I,’ replied the host in uncharacteristic candour. ‘Which leaves us room to come up with a theory for ourselves. Which will require an atmosphere of friendly co-operation, wouldn’t you agree?’
Underwood nodded.
‘So then, tell me one thing I don’t know, Inspector, and I’ll see what I can rummage around in the duffle bag to offer you in return.’
Underwood gulped, ‘She’s connected to a case I’m working on out East.’
‘Please: the papers already tell me you were at the seaside yesterday.’
‘That case is of a younger woman,’ continued Underwood, ‘found laid out in a field, nothing like the scene in the Apple Tree.’
‘Again, I read the headlines, Jake. So what are you getting at?’
‘Miss Grey worked in that same town, at a secretarial office.’
‘And the “Girl in the Field” was one of hers?’
‘She told me no.’
‘But you’re beginning to wonder, now that this Miss Grey also turns up dead?’
Dennick placed his tumbler down on the table between them, knitted his fingers together, and pondered,
‘Inspector, I think I finally understand why you came here today.’
‘Oh?’
‘You needed me to clarify a thought that you’ve been edging towards in your own mind, but which the old-time prudery of a Police Inspector won’t allow you to give full flourish to.’
‘And what thought is that?’
Dennick shook his head, lamenting,
‘Inspector, Inspector, Inspector, you’ve come to ask a club owner in Soho about a woman running girls?’
‘They aren’t those kind of girls.’
‘In Soho, girls are girls are girls. And now you tell me that one of them is dead? And the woman who ran them dead also?’
Underwood shook his head, declaring,
‘There’s no way the Girl in that Field was up to anything untoward.’
‘But you’re not sure that you can say the same for your Miss Grey, are you?’
Dennick smiled a cruel smile, as he saw his perfectly timed verbal punch land cleanly to distort the Inspector’s features.
Chapter 36 – Dennick’s Offer


Harry Dennick leant back into his plush sofa,
‘Well, there we are. Thank you, Inspector. You’ve been very open. So, I suppose it’s my turn now? Some people might consider me showing you how to do your own job is already a more than adequate contribution to the conversation. But I’m a generous man, Inspector. And so I’ll throw in a trade secret of my own.’
He leaned in over the table, as Underwood did likewise.
‘Inspector, who is missing in all this? Who has yet to put in an appearance all through this sorry saga? Hmmm? A woman found dead on his own territory, and our man Carlo Severin hasn’t even shown his face! Now, cast your mind back to before your current case, Inspector. When did anyone in your station last mention him, curse him, have a cause to question him over something?’
Underwood sat back as he answered,
‘Not for weeks.’
‘Make that months. He’s been strictly a part-timer of late; and Soho doesn’t run part-time, Jake. Because it changes every minute!’ Dennick snapped his fingers. All bonhomie was gone in him, and replaced by something running up to mania. ‘Because you let things slide for one moment, Jake, and the world is on top of you! Just like that! He of all people should know, after that trouble two years ago.’
‘What happened?’ asked Underwood, keen to hear more.
‘Oh, you remember. That business with the beatnik kids.’ But Dennick had already shut the stable door he’d nearly bolted through.
There was a knock outside.
‘Ten minutes,’ shouted Dennick, and the knock went away. The club owner stayed silent. Underwood sensed he was thinking on the hoof, and further revelations were coming.
Dennick dialled things back,
‘This other case of yours, it’s out on the East Coast?’
‘Yes.’
‘I know it well. Lovely beaches around those parts, long and sandy. Great fun for all the family.’
‘I’m sure.’
‘Word is though, our absent friend has found a bolthole out yonder.’
‘Really?’
‘Yes. He has a daughter, you see. Little Jacqueline. He dotes on her, he does. It seems she went to meet a friend out that way, and never came home.’
‘What? How long ago?’
‘Oh, six or seven weeks now, by my reckoning.’
‘But there’s been no…’
‘No police report?’ Dennick smiled. ‘Do you think a man like that needs to file a ticket at his local Station? He’ll have people out looking… though perhaps you wouldn’t know. You were never one of his, were you.’
Underwood took it as a compliment, but still, he kicked himself for not being aware of this.
Dennick pondered,
‘You know, she’d have been about the same age as your Girl in the Field.’
Underwood jumped at the connection; then just as quickly breathed again,
‘No, the girl was blonde.’
‘And that family are dark as gypsies,’ noted Dennick. Though they can bottle it these days.’
‘“Blonde at the root,”’ said Underwood. ‘I remember the Doctor saying.’
‘Well, thank the Lord for that at least,’ said Dennick, with equal relief. ‘I wouldn’t wish that even on him. Well, I see that you are working a lot of angles here, Jake. And I can foresee a situation where you might again need the assistance of a man in a position such as mine, and so I offer it in advance.’
‘That’s good of you,’ said Underwood, hating his complicity, but just wanting to get out of there, and feeling totally overwhelmed by another’s ego.
‘Just as I in turn might need to call upon you,’ added Dennick, like a snake.
‘Of course.’
‘But still, you’re worried about something, Jake. I can tell. A man doesn’t play my game as long as I have, without seeing right through people. Come on! What is it, man?’
‘I only…’
Harry clocked, ‘Ah. You’re worried that if it turns out to be one of my lot involved, that I might want to handle things… internally?’
‘There are other people caught up in this, Harry, who aren’t London, aren’t Soho. The families will need justice my way. Not to be told on the sly that someone has gone under a motorway for what they did to their daughter.’
‘I understand,’ said Dennick, now standing as if to attention. Underwood matched him. The older man then spoke so formally, that Underwood didn’t know at first if he was making fun. But it was honest sentiment,
‘I really do understand, Jake. A thing like this can leave an honest citizen wondering whether order has been restored.’
‘I think we agree on that.’
‘And in return for what little help I may have afforded you, I trust that when it comes to our future dealings, Jake, that my assistance has been noted?’
‘Indeed.’
‘Then I must let you get back to your enquiries. You have a lot to do here, and out East.’
‘Yes. Well, good evening, Harry.’
‘Good evening, Jake.’
Underwood hit the stairs and breathed again, though he wouldn’t be at ease until he was outside and well away from the overbearing air of the club.
He wasn’t safe yet though, as Dennick called after him as he neared the foot of the stairs,
‘And Inspector, if you do see our unhappy neighbour on your visits to the coast, you tell him to get himself back up here, won’t you? There are street punks peddling on his corners. It needs nipping in the bud, Jake. That kind of thing does no one any good. Next week, he might find they’re someone else’s corners. You know how it works.’
Jake did know how it worked. This was apparent concern veiling a threat: if Severin didn’t get back to London soon and clear up “his corners”, then Dennick would start clearing them up for him, and pretty soon they’d all be Dennick’s corners.
Chapter 37 – Clodagh’s Room


Underwood drove away from the casino quickly, feeling sullied, feeling hateful. He despised making such Devil’s Bargains. Who knew what favour it might require being paid back in return… what piece of evidence being lost? What policeman’s eye being turned away? For the case, though, it had been necessary.
As soon as he found a public house he considered safe, he pulled into the carpark. Entering, he nodded to the barmaid and went into the hallway to use their phone.
He called through to the Thameside Station switchboard, barking,
‘WPC Bryce.’
‘Jake?’ she asked after being connected. She was back at the station after her evening drive with Oliver.
‘Cee,’ he said, sounding tired, jaded, lost. ‘I need to talk. I can’t go home, not tonight.’

She waited for him outside Thameside Station.
‘I’ll drive,’ she said when he arrived, nudging him to shuffle down the long bench-seat. ‘You sounded half-beat on the phone.’
Gratefully, he let her take them back to her digs.
‘So how was Harry Dennick?’ she asked after a polite interval. It felt as though she was enquiring about a private conversation rather than a police interview.
‘I don’t know what I learnt — it’s always the same with him, he’s so bound up in giving nothing away.’
‘Did he know about the Apple Tree murder?’
‘He knew, all right. He gave me the name “Miss Grey” right off the bat: he was just making sure I knew that he knew, that he wasn’t being outfoxed by anything happening near his patch. But he confirmed the Apple tree wasn’t his…’
‘We knew that, right?’
‘…But this is interesting: he reckons Carlo Severin has been out of town for getting on for two months. And get this: Dennick reckons he’s been hiding out along the East Coast somewhere looking for his missing daughter.’
‘She’s not…?’
‘No fear. I wouldn’t claim to know the family well, but I saw her once — at a birthday party held at one of her dad’s venues — and she has thick black curls.’
Clodagh shook her head in relief and disbelief,
‘Imagine the storm if the Girl in the Field had been the daughter of a man like that…’
‘We’d have needed a plague cart to collect the bodies. And there was something else,’ he remembered, ‘said almost in passing: something that happened on Severin’s patch, “That trouble two years ago.”’
‘What trouble?’ she asked.
‘I don’t know, Dennick stopped himself before he said too much. But it’s the second time I’ve heard the word “beatnik” this afternoon.’
‘Well, I hope you’re all talked out,’ she said, ‘because it’s been a long day and I’m pooped.’

How familiar it was, thought Underwood as he followed Clodagh up the stairs to her rooms. In so many ways, it was the same as it had always been: his shoes held in his hand, his stockinged feet matching her footfalls on the stairs, the illicit ridiculousness of being an Inspector of Police but still needing to sneak past his girlfriend’s landlady napping in the parlour room downstairs.
And yet it couldn’t have been more different: the two-step’s distance that he now kept behind her, the deliberate effort not to accidentally touch.
‘Thank you for putting me up,’ he said, once she had closed and locked the door behind them.
‘It’s no problem,’ she replied. It was only a courtesy answer, he noticed, and delivered with no more passion or interest than she would have used with anyone else. There didn't even seem a pang of hope or regret in her voice. He didn’t know what he had hoped for, but this slayed him.
‘You could never bear to go home alone, could you,’ she remembered, ‘when your mind was full of a case.’
He watched as she hung her black police tunic on the hook at the back of the door, then undid and tossed away her neckerchief. She paused though at the top button of her white shirt. She pulled out a dressing screen that was folded in the corner, and moved behind it.
But where was he going to change, and what was he going to change into? This hadn’t been a question before. How were they going to sleep? He fantasised for a moment that they might be kissing cousins, lay at either side of the bed. But then he spotted the armchair. Previously it had been of no more use to him than as a receptacle of clothes flung off in (silent) passion, now he realised that this was what Clodagh was offering.
His heart sank. All the way there, he had been looking forward to the stop-over. That single room of Clodagh’s had been a refuge to him, a sanctuary, a place of calm and happiness, of getting things off his chest at the end of a long day. Even without the full charms of her soft body, he’d hoped to find these things again. That night though, he wasn’t even going to get to rest his head.
He loosened his tie, then placed his jacket over himself as a makeshift blanket, as he tried to make himself comfortable in the chair.
Clodagh emerged then, in a long white nightdress he had never seen before, and with a glass of water for him from the small sink in the corner.
‘No, let me hang that,’ she said, and replaced his suit jacket with a blanket from the bottom of her chest of drawers. ‘I’m beat,’ she said. ‘Normal time in the morning?’ He nodded, and she wound up her bedside clock. 
‘Goodnight, then.’
‘Goodnight.’
He wanted to cry.
Chapter 38 – Night Thoughts


It wasn’t like the movies, thought Underwood, trying to get comfortable in Clodagh’s old armchair. The guy didn’t always get the girl. Actions between the sexes were not always a dance of attraction and resistance, leading to consummation. He had liked one woman, though perhaps not enough. He then liked another, who never got to be his. Now he couldn’t think of this second fancy without seeing Harry Dennick’s grinning face in his mind, repeating, ‘Girls are girls are girls…’
He guessed Clodagh was asleep, and that made things easier. He didn’t have to worry that she might also be silently struggling with the situation. God, how arrogant, he thought himself to be. Though neither did it do his confidence any good to be so easily gotten over.
In the dark, only the sound of her soft breathing told him there was anyone else in the room. With sleep a distant hope for himself, he turned on the small reading lamp beside the chair. He quietly found his notebook and pen from his jacket pocket, and began to notate:

– Dennick knows the Cardow coast…
– Severin living up there somewhere – find location!
– Jacqueline Severin missing for “six or seven weeks”
– “That thing two years ago”, “beatnik kids”
– “Marrakesh Connection”
– Pirate radio
– Smugglers on the beach
– Alice Grey – “girls are girls are girls”
– An agency full of girls!

‘Two women are dead,’ he whispered to himself, ‘and Severin’s daughter is missing.’ He pondered, ‘Though none of those three events feels the same as the others. The Girl in the Field was neat, dressed so smartly, placed so… lovingly. Alice was clobbered hard, left just where she died, and without a care.’ His throat nearly caught on that last sentence. ‘And now Jacqueline Severin… what is she? A party girl out chasing kicks?’
And then the revelation – ‘I don’t think the same people are involved in each case.’
Speaking these things aloud, even in whispers, brought his cluttered thoughts home so clearly.
‘So who are our villains?’ he asked himself, scanning the list of names. ‘Asquith? All flash, but a killer?
‘Or the old gangsters infighting? But Harry Dennick knew no more than me.
‘And if Carlo Severin came back to London for one night to kill Alice, then why leave her in his own restaurant?’
Underwood was getting confused again. But connections did emerge: Alice Grey linked Cardow and Soho. Now, he learned, so did Carlo Severin, living out East somewhere trying to find his daughter. ‘Alice Grey links the Girl in the Field with everything else.’
‘Give it a rest, Jake,’ murmured Clodagh from the bed.
And so he did, for ten minutes or so, just long enough for her to resume her soft bed breathing. And then, very quietly, he took his notebook and pen and jacket, turned off the lamp, and let himself out of the flat.
Chapter 39 – Sister


Underwood was alone and on the move in the long black car. London was asleep, the roads were clear, the city was silent and his to explore. He knew he ought to get a night’s rest before the journey back to Cardow, but that clearly wasn’t happening. His mind was alert, and there were things he wanted to learn. The time was his, and he wanted to take the opportunity. But where to go? He let his instincts guide him; and the first thing that came to mind, was somewhere he had visited earlier that day…

It was very late evening when he found his way back to the flats across from Spitalfields. The great market lay empty and silent beneath its arched roof, like a railway station after all the trains had gone. However, with the hours those tradesmen kept, it wouldn’t be very long before they were back setting up their stalls for the next day.
The flats were quiet too – there was not a soul along the entrance alleyway, no kids running across the brick yard. Apart from a light behind one of the curtains, and the sound of a distant television, he was alone there.
He crept up the stone steps – policemen learnt quickly how to be silent. Once on her level, he slipped along the covered walkway to Alice Grey’s flat. Using the key that he had kept in his possession since their visit earlier that day, he opened the door to the darkened apartment… and found a blonde woman sitting on the bed, facing towards him, who was the spit of…
‘I’m Trudie. Alice Grey’s sister.’
‘I’m the police.’
He flicked the light switch on, and the illusion shattered.
She shaded her eyes,
‘Please don’t,’ she asked, ‘I don’t want to see it all that clearly.’
He honoured her request, and returned the flat to shade. As he shut the front door behind him, so the streetlight over the yard was also shut out. It sent the flat into a state of near invisibility. He felt his way to a chair by the door, and sat down.
‘She had asked me to buy her this,’ said the woman. In the near-darkness, Underwood reached out to take the papers she was holding. Lifting it to the dim lamplight coming in around the edges of the window curtains, he could just read, ‘British European Airways… Paris’.
‘She was planning to fly?’ he asked.
‘I was meant to come yesterday…’ the woman broke down. ‘But little George was sick, we had to rush him to hospital. He had his appendix taken out this morning. His father is with him. But… I had to leave them, to get this here, but I was too late! I was at the hospital all day, I…’
‘You didn’t know she had died?’ He hated himself for having to ask the question.
‘Not until I came out of the railway station this evening, and saw the headline in the late edition of the papers: “New Clues Sought in Forgate Murder”, and beside it, a picture of Alice.’
She sobbed uncontrollably. He took the plunge and made the jump across to the bed to sit beside her, and take her in his arms. As his eyes adjusted to the light, so he could see she was an attractive woman, and with a strong resemblance to her sister. But he tried to put such thoughts out of his mind.
She babbled through her tears,
‘I came to her flat because I didn’t know where else to go. The ticket’s out of date now, but I hoped she could still use it today, that she could ask for a refund, a change of date.’
He had to ask the tough questions, though as kindly as possible,
‘When exactly did she ask you for the air ticket?’
‘Yesterday afternoon. She called me to say she was about to catch the train up to London, and didn’t have the time to book her flight beforehand – and she didn’t want to miss the last plane. She asked if I could buy it for her. She said she’d send the money back to me from Paris in a week or two, that she didn’t have her cheque book with her.’
‘Why Paris?’ he asked.
‘She said that she had to go on a business trip there at the last minute – the chance had come to open a branch of the business in France. Oh God, saying that back now, I realise how ridiculous it sounds. She worried me.’
‘How?’
‘These past few years, she’d always sounded so professional when she spoke about the agency – but she’d been in scrapes before, and I could spot that tone of voice, like she was brittle inside. It’s how she sounded when it was all about to fall apart.
‘I knew something odd was happening, because she said to meet in Stratford, somewhere we’d never met before. She was going to get off the London train a stop early, and I would meet her at a cab stop there and give her the ticket, and then she would make her way straight to London Airport.’
‘You were worried?’
‘Yes! But she had it all planned out! And back when she lost her job at the school, getting away from home helped her. She came back from Africa a changed woman! She was building up the agency, full of plans. She was so enthusiastic! Maybe getting away this time would have given her a new start all over again?’
She paused, then concluded,
‘But, George was ill. I couldn’t get there. I couldn’t meet her when she asked. I couldn’t pass on the ticket. She couldn’t fly away in time.’
She gulped, ‘I killed her, didn’t I?’
‘Come on,’ urged Underwood, ‘let’s drive to the river.’
Chapter 40 – St Katherine’s Dock


‘I know a little bistro,’ he explained on their short journey, ‘with views of the river. The owner will give us some privacy.’
It was near midnight by then, true darkness had fallen, and he took a route over London Bridge. He did so purposefully, for even the most jaded Londoner – let alone a visiting sister from out of town – couldn’t fail to be distracted and enchanted by the arcs of fairy lights strung along the cables of the bridge, by the lamps of boats bobbing underneath them on the river, and by the sight of cranes and giant ships unloading all through the night at St Katherine’s Dock.
The owner of the bistro did indeed give them the most secluded table, in the corner by a window. A candle burned before them; and in the flickering light the resemblance between the sisters was even more remarkable. The Inspector had to swallow hard, and keep his mind on the job.
Over brandy and coffee, each sat silently, till Underwood could hold it in no longer,
‘I have to ask,’ he began, desperate to scratch a mental itch he’d suffered all journey. ‘You mentioned Africa back there at Alice’s flat. Was she ever in Marrakesh?’
‘Yes,’ answered Trudie. ‘Did she tell you?’
‘No,’ he answered, too honestly. ‘It was something a colleague of mine said earlier, about a man called Asquith.’
‘Ah yes, dear Sammy. That’s where they met…’
From this point on it took no further prompting for the guest to pour forth,
‘Oh yes, I knew him,’ she went on, ‘We met often after Alice was back in England. Of course, she’d told me all about him already. So many stories! It was like I’d been out there in Morocco with them. I think it was the happiest she’d ever been.
‘Sammy was a friend she met out on the trail. In Tangiers or Casablanca, somewhere where the Europeans stayed. He had an old Mercedes. He told her he was heading out along the coast as far as he could go before the wheels came off. They teamed up – I was glad when she told me in her letters, I didn’t like her being out there alone.’
‘And what was he like when you met him?’
She laughed, ‘He was like her little brother. So full of energy, he wanted to be something. He was ambitious, but I guessed he had no money of his own. His accent was all London, but he tried to hide it. And he tried too hard to look the part – coming back from Africa all scruffy, and then going straight into short hair and suits.’
She considered, then added,
‘And I was never sure about that name. Alice brought him to the house once, all done up in his finest fettle, like he was on a sales call. Now let me tell you, Inspector: our father is a magistrate, an MBE. He moves in some high circles. And the first thing he said after they’d left was, “The Asquiths are one of the oldest families in England; and he is no Asquith.”
‘It was obvious, it stood out like calling yourself Windsor. He must have been so desperate to be something he wasn’t. But his drive allowed the business to thrive.’ She chuckled, breaking the reflective mood. ‘“Drive and thrive”: I ought to patent that line.’
‘And what drove Alice?’
‘I think a chance to have another try at life, after what had happened at the school.’ She looked down at her coffee cup on the red and white checked tablecloth as she said this.
‘And what did happen?’ asked Underwood, dreading the answer.
‘She was a teacher once. She liked a boy, fifteen years old. They ran away, they made it to Aldershot.’ A pause. ‘And there was money taken too.’
His heart broke all over again – the story fitted her so perfectly.
The woman raised her arms as a gesture to the night-time river scene around them, declaring,
‘She was always going to go this way, wasn’t she? She was never going to die aged eighty, with a cat on her lap.’ The tears came back, but were soon interrupted by a question for the Inspector,
‘Can I see her?’
‘Of course you can,’ he answered. ‘We’ll arrange it in the morning. We’ll check they’ve tidied her up.’
He checked his watch,
‘It’s getting late,’ he realised. ‘And you don’t have a hotel. I’ll drive you to the Farringdon, and then we can make an appointment for you to come into the Station tomorrow morning.’
‘Don’t go,’ she asked, and she put a hand on his arm. ‘I… I’ll have to call my husband when I get to the hotel, and I don’t want to do that alone.’
In that moment, Underwood made several snap judgements: the first was that she really did look like her sister, and that was very, very bad.
And then he saw the fear, growing in her eyes. He saw a lot of people’s fear in his line of work, and he recognised this one. She wasn’t scared of the news she had to give her husband – she was scared of the husband.
He foresaw it play out clearly. The man would start, ‘So, that wayward sister of yours has finally gone and done it, eh? I knew something like this would happen. I knew she’d have a bad end. Didn’t I tell you? Didn’t I say, over and over again? You wouldn’t listen. You kept getting involved, kept going up to town to bail her out. Getting caught up in her dramas…’
The man would take his fury out on the bereaved.
Yet Underwood also knew he couldn’t set foot in that hotel room.

They drove silently the short distance to the new hotel, one of the concrete towers springing up across the city. He approached from the right, so the footman could open the passenger door straight out onto the pavement. She was out of the car before she noticed that he wasn’t following her.
‘Tell the desk to bill Thameside Station,’ he called across the empty bench seat. ‘The hotel can find you the Station’s number.’
He reached across to pull the passenger door shut, and swiftly disappeared into the wet dark.
Chapter 41 – At the Verricker Garage


So, that was the second victim’s sister dropped off. But where was Underwood to spend the night? Clodagh’s place had proven unbearable, and at that late hour was now off limits. He really couldn’t face his own flat – a damp, pokey place he had picked up on a cheap lease but had never made his own. It was an inadequate prospect at the best of times, but right then it felt downright appalling.
Instead, he returned to the one true home any policeman knew – his Station. As he approached, though, he saw an odd car outside. It wasn’t too grand, nor too showy. It certainly wasn’t a police car. But something about it stood out. Perhaps it was the besuited man waiting at the fender, apparently anticipating the Inspector’s arrival? Perhaps it was the interior light showing another man sitting inside?
Underwood pulled up in his own car along the street, and walked across the road to meet them,
‘Mr Dennick has something for you,’ said the assistant who’d brought him his scotch on the rocks earlier.
Underwood quietly got in the back as instructed, beside a broad-shouldered lackey, and was spirited away into the night.

Not another word was spoken on the short journey. At least until Underwood noted,
‘This is Severin’s side of Soho.’
However, the wry smile of Dennick’s top boy suggested that this was well known to him and would not be a problem.
They soon arrived at a tired and much-repaired garage front door. It was set within a hammer-and-nails wooden semi-circle filling a whole railway arch.
As they approached, the big door clanked open, and the dapper casino owner himself stepped forth,
‘Two meetings in one evening?’ asked Underwood as he got out of the car. The other men got out with him, standing either side of him and Harry Dennick.
‘I have someone you will want to talk to,’ answered his host.
The garage was dark and deserted as the assistant led him in. Inside, the archway above them was lit by one bare electric bulb. And there, waiting for Underwood, was the portly manager of the Apple Tree.
He looked rather worser for wear than he had that afternoon. He was half-standing and half-hanging, with his wrists bound up with a rope thrown over an iron girder above them. He was surrounded by wooden benches, and oily tools, and the remnants of some poor devil’s Rover being stripped for parts.
The man’s thinning hair had fallen forward, matted with blood, as was the same tired vest he had been wearing earlier in his flat. Underwood could just see the lamplight dancing in his eyes though, which was the only reassurance he had that the man was even alive, and that Dennick hadn’t brought an Inspector of Police here to see a corpse.
Underwood didn’t flinch, though. He knew the form; he held his nerve.
Beside them, looking on with a wicked grin, was Dennick,
‘You took me into your trust earlier, Inspector,’ he declared, ‘so now I’m taking you into mine.’
His words in themselves were not malevolent, though his tone was. Whether he had thrown the punches himself, or merely ordered them, Underwood knew he had enjoyed seeing the man beaten. And the specks of blood spattered over his ironed trousers and crisp white shirt suggested he had been close to the action.
Underwood had known Harry Dennick for many years, but had never known this. He had heard every rumoured story of his activities, deadly true or pie-in-the-sky, but had never seen the fact of the man’s violence.
He reminded himself: ganglords didn’t get to be ganglords by accident – they had to be capable of acts of extraordinary malice. It was a form of top trumps, a pyramid of who could out-eyeball who, who could carry out threats that made even other hardmen wince.
When Underwood had visited Dennick at the club, he had his casino to run. He was being the straight man, the boss. He was on duty and so upheld a public face. Now, however, that mask was not required. Harry could be his other self at last – and he had his blood up.
Dennick was flanked by both his flunkeys. Another black-suited figure stood in the shadows behind the hanging man, hiding in the glare of that single bulb.
‘Four against one, was it?’ asked Underwood as an opening gambit.
‘Well, you never know when they’ll put up a fight,’ the old man joked. ‘But it was all for a good cause, wasn’t it?’ He looked to the victim. ‘Why don’t you tell the Inspector what you’ve just told me?’
Despite himself, Underwood was fascinated, and leant in to hear.
‘He booked the room,’ still the half-dead man was moaning.
‘What room?’ asked Underwood.
‘The Apple Tree. He booked the whole place out.’
‘Who did?’
‘The fellow she was always with,’ said the hanging man, with poetic sadness. ‘The one with the silver suit.’
‘Give the Inspector his name,’ interjected Dennick.
‘He signed the cheques “Asquith”.’
Underwood stood back, not sure what to do with this, one of the first full facts of his enquiry. Right at that moment, though, the matter at hand required his attention. He turned to Dennick, and demanded,
‘He gets a hundred pounds, and you get him to a doctor.’
‘Scout’s Honour!’ answered Dennick, as the Inspector stormed out for air.

In the cold dark of the street outside, he was furious. Dennick followed him, and Underwood thundered,
‘You got me a name – and there’s nothing I can do with it!’
‘What do you mean?’ asked Dennick, striding close behind. ‘We’ve got this fellow eating from our hand! He’ll say anything you like under oath.’
‘And how am I supposed to present him at the Station looking like that?’
‘He can say he tried to confront this Asquith, and he came off worst! You can pin anything on Asquith now.’
‘Asquith, who’s been in a police cell all evening on a drugs charge?’
‘That’s not what I heard,’ said Dennick, casually.
Underwood didn’t answer though, and it became Dennick’s turn to be annoyed,
‘I did all this for you, Inspector. And now you’re not even going to follow it up?’
‘You didn’t do it for me,’ snapped the Inspector. ‘You did it for yourself!’
‘There’s been a murder on our patch, Jake. I’m tidying it up!’
‘You mean, a murder you didn’t order?’
The blood rushed to Dennick’s face, as Underwood recoiled at his gross misjudgement of tone.
‘You just remember where you are, Jake.’
The garage door was pulled closed behind them. ‘The doctor’s coming,’ said one of the men, before the car revved up to take Dennick away.
Left alone on the cold pavement far from home, Underwood did remember where he was, he remembered it all too well.
Day 3 – Friday


Chapter 42 – London A.M.


‘Morning, you ‘orrible lot! Wakey wakey, rise and shine. Breakfast is now served at the Savoy Grill!’
The Custody Sergeant’s morning call woke the Inspector from the best night’s sleep he’d had in an age.
‘We make these cells too comfortable,’ he muttered to himself.
‘A good hard plank’s just what the back needs, sir,’ said the Custody Sergeant as he threw open his boss’s cell. ‘Better than all the soft-sprung mattresses money could buy.’ He turned to his underling sliding steel trays through door hatches. ‘No porridge for this one, Constable. There’s sausage and eggs in the canteen, sir.’
‘Very good,’ said Underwood, and stretched to make his way down there.

‘There’s already been a phone call for you, sir,’ said Oliver, already bright and organised for the day ahead.
‘A call? I didn’t know London woke so early?’
‘It was Constable Gull. He says he’ll only speak to you…’
‘Very good. And any news of that work-shy Peacock?’
‘Not yet, sir.’
‘I wonder, how does it take a man a whole twenty-four hours to chase down one lead?’
Oliver readied himself to answer, but then decided it had been a rhetorical question, which he had learnt was a question that wasn’t really a question at all.
‘Anyway, sir – breakfast!’
The two men tucked in with gusto.
‘So where did you kip down last night?’ asked the Inspector. ‘Sorry I was gone so long.’
‘No worry, sir. They found me a bunk in the trainees’ quarters.’
‘That was good of them. But phone your Mum and tell her you’ll be home tonight hopefully, tomorrow at the latest.’
‘Has there been movement then?’ he asked excitedly.
‘I’ll tell you more by lunchtime.’
Before they’d finished eating, Bowden sidled in,
‘Morning, sir? Good sleep? I hope you didn’t need me late on yesterday, sir. I thought I’d call in on the London-side of the family. I’m not often back in the Big Smoke, you see. Sometimes I worry that they’ve forgotten what I looked like.’
Underwood gestured him to put his worries to one side.
We wiped his mouth and threw his napkin down,
‘Well, that’s the first meal I’ve properly enjoyed since waking up on that beach.’
‘Wonderful, sir,’ said Oliver.
‘Now, do you have that number for Gull?’

Five minutes later, in a borrowed office, Underwood was in a private conversation with the Cardow Constable, who began,
‘It was the green bag, wasn’t it, sir?’
Underwood said nothing.
‘Phipps confirms it,’ said Gull. ‘As clear as day: the kit bag he saw around the girl’s shoulders wasn’t there with her belongings. And there was no mistaking it for the tiny purse we did find.’
‘And Mrs Morrow?’
‘No problem there – everything is just as she remembers it.’
Underwood pondered, ‘So, the bag was gone before she got there. And she wouldn’t now know that anything was amiss. But Phipps…?’
‘I asked him to keep it between us three,’ said Gull. ‘He’s staunch.’
‘Yes, I reckon he is,’ agreed Underwood.
Again, the Inspector went silent, leaving Gull to make a statement that sounded pre-prepared,
‘Now, I took the precaution, sir, of going back over both statements, to get the timings down directly. Phipps says he discovered the body between six and a quarter-past, though he was shaken by the sight of her, so he can’t say exactly. Then Mrs Morrow can’t say clearer than between twenty-past and the half-hour. Honestly, it’s a miracle they didn’t see each other on the road.’
‘So,’ reasoned Underwood, ‘that means the green bag went missing in a space of time as short as five minutes.’
‘That’s if both stories are to be believed, sir.’
‘Gull, I’m both saddened and delighted to hear you not taking your townsfolk’s statements at face value.’
‘Well, isn’t it like Sherlock Holmes said, sir? When nothing else is possible, we believe the improbable.’
‘Indeed, Gull. But no. I thank you for your objectivity, but I’ve met both Phipps and Mrs Morrow; and compared to some of the characters I’ve encountered since returning to the capital, I’d be inclined to trust those two all day long. And there’s a third person who was nearby that morning who I think we can also discount.’
‘Oh, sir? Who?’
‘Yourself, Gull. You met Mrs Morrow as she was running back to town to raise the alarm, yes? Then, unless the pair of you are in cahoots…’
Gull chuckled down the line. Once the laughter had subsided though, he pondered,
‘There was someone else on the road that morning, guv.’
‘There was,’ agreed Underwood. ‘But you’ll have to keep a lid on it, Gull. I’m too occupied up here to come and help you flush them out just now.’
‘Don’t worry,’ said the old Constable, ‘I’m make some quiet enquiries in the meantime.’
Chapter 43 – Oxford Street


Back at the Station, Bowden and Oliver were at a loose end.
‘It’s strange to be back in London,’ said Bowden.
‘How long were you here for?’ asked Oliver.
‘All my life!’ he answered. ‘I only moved to Norwich for the wife. Now she’s got her family back, I guess I’m stuck there.’
‘But don’t you prefer working in a smaller city?’ queried Oliver, to whom the capital was a baffling marvel.
‘In some ways, yeah. You get to know everyone, and we’re spared the really mean stuff… at least most of the time. But if it was up to me, I’d be back up London in a heartbeat.’
A Constable appeared at the door,
‘WPC Bryce has phoned in. She won’t be at the Station in first thing. She’s gone to Oxford Street.’

In her uniform of black skirt, cap and tunic, Clodagh walked the short distance from where she had parked the panda car, to where she remembered the shop to be.
The front of the store was modern – large plate-glass windows displayed mannequins dressed in bright, simple dresses. As the bell above the door rang to herald her entrance though, she saw the familiar wooden counter. Behind it were primly-dressed women and girls, laying out hosiery and woollens pulled from wooden drawers that lined the walls behind them.
‘Business or pleasure, Miss?’ asked a very young assistant, full of energy.
‘Business, I’m afraid,’ answered their newest customer. ‘Though that is a very nice jumper over there.’
‘I’m sure we have it in your size,’ replied the assistant; before the conversation was taken over by her superior,
‘Maureen, please! I’ll handle this. I’m so sorry, Constable. How can we help you?’
Clodagh ferreted in her satchel,
‘I’m wondering if anyone remembers serving this young woman?’ She held a photo firstly to the manager, then to the others positioned along the counter. ‘She bought this dress from you.’ Clodagh then showed the Doctor’s black and white image of the clothes after they had been removed from the body.
‘I remember her,’ answered a different assistant, less playful than the first. ‘She was excited, she had a big interview coming up.’
‘It is a popular dress,’ added the manager. ‘Smart yet stylish, which are the hallmarks of this store’s success and longstanding.’
Though the serious assistant was already ahead of her, asking,
‘Has something happened to this girl?’
‘She was involved in a serious crime,’ answered Clodagh.
‘Bloody men!’ shouted the manager, gripping the wooden countertop with lacquered nails. ‘Bloody, bloody men!’
‘God, you wouldn’t credit an angel like that getting into trouble, would you?’ observed the first assistant.
‘What happened to her?’ asked the second, who carried a look of saintly sadness.
Clodagh didn’t need to answer.
The manager transferred her iron grip to a bound ledger, pulling it towards them across the counter.
‘What day was this, Eunice?’ she asked.
‘She came in last week. Thursday, I think. Yes, because I wasn’t here on Friday.’
‘Thursday, Thursday, Thursday,’ recited the manager. ‘Here it is! A-line dress, two pounds, seven shillings and sixpence. Cotton: she paid for quality, so it would last.’ The manager crumpled over the ledger. Her assistants rushed to her, one either side.
Clodagh stood there among the bright fashions, dressed all in black and feeling like an omen of doom.
She had to ask, ‘What details do you have?’
The livelier assistant took over the ledger,
‘There’s no name,’ she noticed, ‘so she must not have had an account with us.’
‘It’s becoming more common these days,’ sobbed the manager through her grief.
‘She didn’t pay herself though,’ remembered the one who’d served her, taking over the ledger. ‘See? It says right here: “Swift Fingers”. That’s Miss Grey, isn’t it?’
‘Yes it is,’ agreed Clodagh, and turned to dash back to the car.

Bowden guessed where Clodagh had been headed. He drove past the shop in question, then spotted her panda car on a side street just off Oxford Street. He pulled his big Ford up beside it and waited.
‘That’s Broadcasting House,’ he said to Oliver to kill time. ‘That’s where the Home Service comes from!’
‘Wow. On every corner of London there’s something.’
‘Next time you come, I’ll drive you down Downing Street. You can say hello to Mr Wilson.’
Clodagh banged on the glass as she grabbed the doorhandle, startling them both.
‘Where’s the fire?’ asked Bowden.
‘Quick, follow me to Spitalfields. I think the boss was led a merry dance.’
Chapter 44 – The Ministry


Underwood approached the final Ministry alone. At least, he hoped it would be the final one, as he had passed through half of Whitehall already that morning. He hadn’t told his colleagues where he was going, as he wasn’t sure he could have adequately explained his trip. It would have meant justifying taking time out from routine enquiries just for what felt, even to him, like a vain effort to satisfy his mental curiosity.
And yet, a policeman had an instinct. And he had simply heard too many people mention that blessed pirate boat!

He had first approached the Ministry of Defence, assuming that the Navy would be the ones to speak to concerning a rogue ship operating off the British coast. However, after twenty minutes’ wait in the lobby, he was advised that they were fully aware of the FS Claude Monet. However, the vessel was not a concern of theirs, as the ship had been decommissioned from French Navy service and was no longer militarily active.
From the Ministry’s lobby, he telephoned the General Post Office; and he received the fastest response he had ever known from that bureaucratic body: they advised him that, although the radio station that operated from its deck was indeed unlicensed, the fact that it was broadcasting from just beyond British waters meant it was not breaking British law.
Next he went to Companies House, and discovered that Radio Claude Holdings (UK) Limited was registered entirely legitimately.
‘But how can this be,’ he asked the polite young woman who assisted him, ‘when they’re broadcasting without a licence?’ She had no answer, but she brought out paperwork confirming that, in the previous financial year, the firm had registered several tens of thousands of pounds of advertising revenue from firms at home and abroad.
In desperation, he tried the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food – for surely they would be patrolling our fishing waters? Yet there, he only learnt the extraordinary fact that Radio Claude, along with several other outlaw stations operating along the East Coast, had been employed in an advertising campaign for the Egg Marketing Board.
So, as a last resort, he went right to the top, and set off for the Home Office itself.
Passing each stone and marble edifice, Whitehall gave him the jitters – all that power, all those decisions. Who were these people who believed they had the right? A better breed than he, he was sure. On his walk he passed Revenue and Customs, beside it was the Foreign Office; across the road were Health, and Defence. Somewhere behind those buildings, just off the riverbank, were the new offices of the Metropolitan Police, where his own Chiefs nodded over meeting minutes, and decided the codes of conduct that he and his fellow Officers must follow.
Men like that gave the force a bad name, thought Underwood. Give him Thameside Station any day. Give the public something that looked like a Police Station, and men who looked like Police Officers.
His feet were sore by the time he reached the Home Office. At the front desk of the grand stone building, however, he was directed not to one of the desks of state, but instead to the courtyard at the centre of that building.
He followed the directions, and found himself outside again, in a huge round garden of benches and fountains, ringed by classical columns.
‘It’s like being in a Roman villa,’ he said to the first person who approached him there.
‘Those Victorians knew how to build,’ the man replied. ‘Underwood? I’m Drayton. Walk with me awhile?’
Chapter 45 – A Moonlight Flit


Clodagh pulled up outside the huge old building that housed the typographic agency. From the outside, it looked just the same, and she recognised the sights and sounds of the drapery below.
A watchman had seen her arrive, and was waiting by the large doors.
‘Police,’ she called, and flashed her card.
‘I was just about to call your lot,’ he said as he let her in. ‘You ought to see the mess they’ve made upstairs…’

Bowden followed Clodagh’s car, and pulled the Ford in beside it on the long empty yard that stretched beside the drapery.
He and Oliver followed her into the building, and paused momentarily to look along the lower floor, where vast sheets of white linen hung drying, like the sails of great ships on a sea without a breeze.
‘Come on,’ he said to Oliver, and took the stairs two at a time… he was stunned by the sight at the top of them.
Clodagh was already there, standing in shock, her mouth agape.
The scene was lit with pure white sunlight, pouring in through high windows that ran all along one side of the office. And what a sight it was: where only yesterday she and Underwood had witnessed smart secretaries busy at straight rows of desks, their machines alive with busy fingers and their papers ordered neatly, now the desks were scattered, emptied of machines and of anyone to operate them. Filing cupboards stood open, and what papers remained were flung across the floor.
Clodagh didn’t need to examine the papers – she knew that nothing of importance would be left. She did walk to the far end of office though, to what had been Alice Grey’s room, where Miss Rachael had shown them the personnel files. The scene was much the same in there – except here not one page of paper remained.
She ran back down the stairs,
‘Did you see anything?’ she asked the watchman.
He shook his head, ‘I didn’t come on till eight.’
She gave up and dashed out to the cars. She clambered into her driver’s seat and pulled out the handset for the radio,
‘Panda Five to Control, Panda Five to Control,’ she urged.
‘This is Control. Come in, Panda Five,’ answered one of the perfectly spoken ladies of Control Exchange.
‘Control, this is WPC Bryce, asking after the whereabouts of a Samuel Asquith, arrested and questioned at Thameside yesterday evening. Over.’
The radio crackled for an inordinate length of time, before the stern/polite voice resumed,
‘Panda Five, suspect Samuel Asquith was interviewed until ten p.m., then released “under exceptional circumstances”.’
‘What?’ she gasped. ‘“Exceptional circumstances”? But that’s what happens when a suspect’s being held and they’ve got a relative in hospital, or they need to attend a funeral.’
‘That’s just what the file says,’ repeated the woman. ‘“Released under exceptional circumstances. Under the recognisance of Inspector Kenneally.”’
‘Thank you. Over and out.’
‘What did they say?’ asked Bowden, who was waiting outside the car with Oliver.
‘Kenneally let him go, right after we had interviewed him. Why on earth would he do that?’
‘You think Asquith did this?’ asked Oliver.
‘It had to be,’ said Clodagh. ‘He’s the only partner left.’
Bowden had stepped a little distance away and lit a cigarette. He turned back towards them, speaking between drags,
‘I’ve seen places stripped like this before – and it’s always bad. You don’t think our Inspector is still under any illusions about his Miss Grey?’
‘No, I’m pretty sure those scales have fallen from his eyes,’ said Clodagh with a heavy heart. ‘But I’ll speak to him.’
‘Well anyway,’ spat Bowden, ‘I hope you got enough out of Asquith last night, because we won’t be seeing him again.’
‘How do you know?’ asked Oliver, who was bewildered by it all.
‘Because he didn’t just take incriminating papers from the office, he took the machines as well, which are the only thing saleable in there, which means he needs the cash.’
‘Probably to get out of the country,’ said Clodagh, agreeing. ‘Come on, we need to get back to the Station.’
Chapter 46 – French Ships


‘It’s so much nicer out here in the garden,’ said Drayton of the Ministry, ‘and we British should make better use of the good weather when we have it.’ He offered Underwood a space on a marble bench within earshot of a burbling fountain.
‘It has been a hot spell,’ agreed the visitor.
‘And you would know,’ answered Drayton. ‘I believe you’ve spent some time on the coast recently?’
Was there anything these people didn’t know, wondered Underwood? He tried to regain some control,
‘Yes, which is what brings me here today. We believe a pirate radio vessel may be involved in our case, and we wanted to learn all we could about it.’
‘Ah yes, well regarding that request…’
Their lack of formal introduction meant Underwood hadn’t had a chance to size up his counter-member. He was a tall man, slimmer than himself, with black hair swept back in a parting, and wearing a superb suit of what appeared to be light grey silk, if he had to guess.
Meanwhile, Drayton was waxing lyrical on his specialist topic,
‘The FS Claude Monet,’ he mused, ‘a fascinating vessel! It was one of the few French ships not to be sunk by Churchill when the Germans entered France – he couldn’t have the invasion forces getting their hands on them, you see. We used to joke in the War Rooms, how being sunk by Churchill was the French Navy’s greatest contribution to the War.’
Underwood had had such meetings before, and he knew not to be awed. He was ready for Drayton with his own statement to make,
‘Well, Mr Drayton, this boat might have a wilder story yet. There are rumours of smuggling all along the coast where it is moored, and I myself was accosted and left unconscious when I interrupted someone up to something on that beach…’
‘Inspector, Inspector…’
Underwood wouldn’t be cowed,
‘Mr Drayton. I can see where this is going. You’re going to tell me now to leave that boat alone, perhaps because it’s politically inconvenient. Or perhaps because you’re already planning something higher-level against the operators, for copyright fraud, or breaching maritime restrictions, I don’t know. But I have to tell you, this case cannot…’
‘Inspector!’ answered Drayton a second time, ‘Please, let me be heard. And for the record, it’s Sir Oscar. Now, I am indeed going to tell you not to pursue that boat, but only because there is no need! In a little over a year, stations like the one you have a bee under your bonnet about won’t exist. There is a Government White Paper, it proposes a realignment of the current roster of stations broadcast by the BBC… with the inclusion of a new “pop” station, and others licensed commercially.’
‘But the fans won’t have that,’ answered Underwood, who hadn’t known a thing about the pirate stations until that week. ‘What about fan loyalties, their favourite DJs?’
‘We expect that many of the personalities of the pirate stations – as well as their technicians – will migrate to dry land when the chance of a steady wage is offered. Rowing out to a rusting tub might be fun for a summer season when you’re young – but playing records for the “hip” kids of London from a tug in the North Sea… it must feel a little like missing the party, what?’
‘But…’ he had one last blurt in him, ‘they’re breaking the law!’
‘Inspector, there are not many revolutions that are put down without giving something to the revolutionaries.’
‘You’re going soft on them?’
‘Ask yourself,’ said Drayton, ‘what harm is being done here?’
‘Well, in my case, two women dead; and now the possibility of another missing.’
‘Well, of course,’ Sir Oscar readjusted. ‘This case of yours is very sad. But please bear in mind, you might find yourself arresting future British Broadcasting Corporation employees. And I assure you, anyone we approach for the new stations will be highly vetted.’
Underwood smirked, ‘These stations are playing to the kids; and in our jobs, we both know what the young are getting up to these days.’
‘Well, quite.’
‘London is awash with drugs, and a boat would be the perfect way to bring things in and out…’
‘Which would be a very serious matter, being handled by very serious colleagues of ours.’ The Civil Servant relaxed and went effusive, ‘Now, I’m sure you’re as busy as I am…’
Underwood noted the cue to leave. As they rose from the bench by the fountain, and walked back toward the building, Drayton slowed and struck up another narrative,
‘He is a fascinating character though, your Mr de Sayle.’
‘Who?’ asked Underwood.
‘Your Station Director. You did know that he’s the man who owns the Claude Monet?’
‘No. I must admit I didn’t.’ He quickly rifled through his police notebook, ‘His name wasn’t on the file at Companies House.’
‘Well, it’s very possible he listed his accountant, or some other minion. A man like Alexander de Sayle has many followers, Inspector, all eager to do his bidding.’
‘I wouldn’t know.’
‘Well, now you do. And, from the stories that I’ve heard, well, I can’t believe that there wouldn’t be some mention of him on your files.
‘Well, Good Day, Inspector.’
‘And to you, Sir Oscar.’

After leaving the building, Underwood stood on the pavement beside the busy road, and breathed. Only a few hours earlier, he had found himself cast out onto the night-time streets of Soho. Now he found himself similarly adrift beneath the midday sun of Whitehall, with Big Ben ringing overhead. And he wasn’t sure which experience had been the more disconcerting.
Chapter 47 – Canteen Conference


All their cars arrived at Thameside Station near simultaneously. Underwood parked and ran through to the Records Office… to come face to face with Clodagh, already waiting at the counter hatch.
‘What gives?’ he asked her, sounding ridiculous even to his own ears.
‘I’m after everything we have on Samuel Asquith – he did a bunk last night. A little like another man I could mention.’
‘Ahem.’
‘And you?’ she asked. ‘What are you searching for?’
‘Just a name I was given. Look, I’ve a lot to catch you up on…’
She cut him off. ‘Jake… boss. We can do that when we get back downstairs. But what happened to you last night? I was worried sick. A truck with screeching brakes woke me in the small hours, and I looked up and saw your chair empty. I was up all night after that waiting for the phone to ring.’
‘I’m sorry,’ he said.
‘It’s okay. I’ve seen you like this before – it’s the big cases. You don’t sleep for days.’
He didn’t tell her of the blissful six hours’ sleep he’d enjoyed in the cells.
A moment later they were no longer alone. The attendant came back, handing Clodagh a hefty file.
‘Thank you,’ she said. ‘Well, I’d better get stuck into this. Catch up later?’
Underwood nodded.
She headed off towards the office, but turned and said,
‘There’s something else I need to tell you. And… I really don’t mean this as a dig; but I finally got to the ladies’ outfitters on Oxford Street. Alice Grey bought the girl’s blue dress.’
‘Right.’
‘I am sorry, Jake. Truly.’
And with that, she left with her file.
Underwood turned to the attendant,
‘Can you look for anything on an “Alexander de Sayle”?’
‘What’s it in connection with?’
‘I only have the name for now.’
The attendant went away leaving him alone with his thoughts for two minutes.
‘Anything?’ he asked as she returned. Though she’d come back empty-handed.
‘Oh well, thank you. I was led to believe there would be something.’
‘Led by whom?’ asked the woman.
‘By the kind of person who tends to know these things.’
He thanked her again, and strolled down to the canteen, in urgent need of coffee.

He found Bowden and Oliver already there with a table to themselves.
‘Fill me in,’ said the Inspector, sitting down.
Bowden began, ‘Well, the Swift Fingers Shoreditch Office has been dismantled. I’ve just phoned Gull, and left a message for him. He’s off to see what Cardow’s branch looks like this morning.’
Underwood sat back nursing his hot cup. He seemed unperturbed at the news, offering only the gnomic reflection,
‘Well, they can’t just disappear.’
‘And what news do you have, sir?’ asked Oliver, rapt to hear.
Though sir had less enthusiasm,
‘Well, where to begin, Oliver… Where to begin…’
Bowden concentrated on his lunch. Even Oliver knew better than to go any deeper.
‘You’ve got a visitor from out of town, Chief,’ called a Constable from the front desk. ‘We’re signing him in now.’
‘That’ll be Peacock,’ sneered Bowden, ‘and about bloody time too. What’s been keeping him?’
‘Go and fetch him in here, won’t you, lad?’ Underwood asked Oliver, who jumped up to oblige.
The news had roused Underwood, who began,
‘I couldn’t sleep last night… so I went back over old ground. And I bumped into Alice Grey’s sister.’
‘Of course you did, guv,’ chortled Bowden, turning in his chair.
‘And here’s a funny thing: Alice and Asquith met in Africa, out on the Beatnik Trail, if you can credit it.’
‘At least we know where the drugs are coming from,’ said Bowden.
Underwood turned toward him, changing the mood,
‘But we say nothing about this outside our group until we know what’s going on between Asquith and Kenneally.’
‘Right, guv.’
‘Which reminds me – we need to call her in for interview. She’s at the Farringdon.’
‘I’ll get on it,’ said Bowden.
While waiting for the others to return from the front desk, Underwood asked,
‘Have you ever heard of someone called Alex de Sayle?’
‘It doesn’t ring a bell,’ said the Sergeant, shaking his head.
The canteen doors banged open.
‘Let’s hear Peacock’s excuse then,’ said Bowden.
They both looked up, to see Oliver enter with… Constable Gull.
‘So, sir,’ said Bowden, ‘not the visitor you were expecting.’
Underwood stood up,
‘Gull, you must have been driving all morning.’
‘I have something to tell you, sir, that I think you need to hear in person. We’d best speak alone.’
Chapter 48 – Suspicions of that First Morning


‘I suppose I ought to thank you, guv,’ said Gull, as he settled down in a padded chair with a mug of tea, and after having had a chance to empty his bladder.
‘What on earth for?’ asked Underwood, whose office they were shut in.
‘For trusting me, guv. For trusting all of us – me, Mrs Morrow, Phipps. Evidence went missing that morning, and we were the first ones there.’
‘Is that what this visit is about?’
‘No, guv. But you see, our conversation did get me thinking, and it’s led me on to something, something you won’t like.’
Underwood braced himself, as Gull went on,
‘Well, we know that there was someone else on the road that morning. Someone hiding, someone canny, someone who knew the girl was lying there. And they waited, guv, as others came and went; and in mere minutes took their chance to snatch that bag right off of her defenceless body. Now, that sends a shiver down my spine, guv, so it does.’
It sent a shiver down the Inspectors spine too as he heard it. Gull went on,
‘So, I thought, “Well, who else was in town earlier than they had any right to do be that morning?” Next on the scene after me was Oliver; but only because he was back at his mum’s that night, on leave from his training in Norwich. But I can’t say the same for Sergeant Peacock.’
‘Go on.’
‘Well, Phipps’s call only came through to the Station House at around half-past six. My sister then called it through to Norwich switchboard as I was setting off out to Crook’s Corner myself. But he was here by seven.’
Underwood demurred,
‘You know the roads, Gull – is that possible?’
‘It’s not a long drive, granted, but it wasn’t a blue-light job – getting there any quicker wasn’t going to save her.’
‘Okay, so he got there awful quickly. But too quickly?’
‘I’ll only say, guv, that if Sergeant Peacock were a horse, then you’d want to see what the stableboy had put under his nose before the race.’
‘Jesus.’
‘Should I go on?’ asked the old Constable.
Underwood groaned, ‘Well, we’ve doubted every other man-jack of us already, so why stop at Peacock?’
‘I remarked on it myself that very morning, guv, as that black car came swooping up along the Norwich Road, and pulled right in at the crossroads. I said to myself, “Well, this one’s here so quickly he might as well as flown in on Pegasus’s wings!’
‘But wouldn’t you expect a young detective to pull out all the stops?’
‘Well, there’s pulling out the stops, and pulling out the stops…’
‘Did you ask him about it?’
‘Yes. He said he was on duty already, when the call came over the car radio.
Underwood pondered. ‘But this was a call to a murder thirty miles away. Peacock could have guessed that he’d be kept in Cardow at least overnight. So,’ he asked to the room, ‘even if he was already in his car, wouldn’t he first want to phone loved ones and tell them he’d be away for a few days? Or get back home and grab a change of clothes?’
‘I know I would,’ agreed Gull.’
‘Oh, please don’t let one of ours be involved.’ Underwood banged the desk and paced the room, ‘Now, I don’t for one minute think he did for that girl.’
‘Amen to that,’ agreed Gull.
‘But, make no mistake,’ he boomed. ‘I’ve known bad cops, and I’m not squeamish about calling them out.’
Gull answered, ‘Well, I’ve known bad coppers too. And bad soldiers. And bad all kinds of other professions. Bad apples, every one of them. They eat you from the inside out.’
‘Did you know Peacock before this?’ asked the Inspector.
‘I knew the face,’ said Gull, ‘but not to speak to.’
‘So, perhaps he didn’t even know your town. He’d need to learn the route, spend five minutes with the road atlas, which would eat even further into his journey time.’
Underwood weighed it up, and put his head in his hands.
‘As I say, guv, Pegasus’s wings.’
There was no distance between the men.
‘Gull, do you trust him?’
‘He seems sound to me, and he worked those door-to-doors pretty thoroughly.’
‘But you didn’t “know” him before?’ he reiterated.
The old man shook his head.
‘God, I almost wish she had been roughed up. At least then we’d know why he did it, whoever “he” is.’
As if on cue, there was a knock on the door, and the message, ‘Sergeant Peacock is here for the Inspector.’
He gave Gull one last look,
‘Go and fetch your breakfast, Constable. I’ll catch up with you down there.’
Gull gave the Inspector a serious look in return, but read no more from him. He knew when it was best to back away.
Chapter 49 – The Sister


‘Didn’t your Inspector tell you this from our conversation last night?’
If Clodagh heard Trudie Smith ask that question once, she heard it a dozen times. And there were also only so many times that she could hear herself reply,
‘A private conversation with an officer, without another officer present as corroboration, doesn’t qualify as a police interview.’
Or to put it more bluntly, ‘Sharing sweet nothings over candlelit suppers with the Inspector doesn’t cut it, lady. Now, spill…’ Though Clodagh was far too polite to have voiced such thoughts.
‘Now, if you could just repeat that for us to add to your statement…’
‘Well, as I said last night… Alice met Samuel Asquith while she was travelling in Africa, along the North Coast. They became friends, they were both lost souls in a way. They came up with the idea of coming home and making another go of it.’
‘The idea of an employment agency?’
‘Yes, Alice had always dreamt of running something like that. She was always business-minded.’
‘And I wonder what Asquith was dreaming of?’ This was Bowden, the senior officer in the interview. ‘You do know what those beatniks get up to out in Marrakech, Mrs Smith? And, you know that the Vice Squad were champing at the bit to interview Samuel Asquith last night?’
‘Well, if he was up to anything like that, I’m sure Alice knew nothing about it.’
Clodagh let the air settle, and changed topic,
‘We’re also very interested in what you’ve told us about the aeroplane ticket.’
‘Well, it’s exactly as I told your Inspector… Alice asked me to buy the ticket for her, to pass to her when I met her at Stratford Station.’
‘So, she was jumping off the train before it went on to central London?’
‘Yes!’
‘I’m sorry to repeat the question,’ said Clodagh, ‘but this is really very important. Was Alice scared of someone in London? Would they have been there waiting for her at Liverpool Street Station?’
‘How would I know? These same questions! How many times?’
‘So you don’t have any idea who that could be?’
The question was met with silence. The woman’s lip quivered, but she couldn’t blurt it out.
Clodagh went sideways,
‘But she was anxious to escape?’
‘Yes.’
‘Why do you think that was?’
‘Constable, if Alice did know that “Girl in the Field”, and you people went after her, then that whole forgotten business at the school would come out again, wouldn’t it?’
Clodagh queried, ‘You don’t think it could have been more than that?’
‘No, I don’t! Alice never hurt a fly. Are you sure your Inspector isn’t available for me to talk to?’
‘He’s pursuing other enquiries,’ repeated Clodagh. ‘Please try and give us her motive for leaving.’
Mrs Smith breathed, then resumed,
‘The story of that poor girl was already all over the papers. Alice must have thought it was only a matter of time before the police looked into her past, found the school scandal, and she would have been the next day’s headline. “Scandal Teacher Hiding Out In Death Village!” You know how lurid the papers are. And she had worked so hard to build up her business, after everything that had happened to her.’
Bowden hadn’t been playing the ‘bad cop’ exactly, though he had certainly been happy to let Clodagh lead the interview. She was good at it, and he preferred to watch the action, biding his time. In the meantime, he leant back in his chair, projecting a brooding menace – he found that it helped his fellow interviewer, whether the interviewee was friend or foe.
Now he sat forward again, and whispered in Clodagh’s ear,
‘She’s contradicting herself: she claims Alice was only scared of scandal, even though we know that someone wanted her dead.’
Clodagh leant back as he leant forward,
‘Forgive me if I barge in,’ he said aloud.
‘Go ahead,’ said the woman.
‘Well,’ he remarked, ‘you’ve already told us that, when it came to her school responsibilities, Alice had little difficulty breaking the rules.’
‘That is so unfair…!’
‘So, I wonder if it would have been any different if her new business partner had asked to use their business to cover his drugs racket…’
‘That is completely…!’
‘…or as a way to ferry girls around the country to parties at radio stations?’
The woman held herself together remarkably well, he felt. He was impressed.
‘I must say,’ she countered, ‘that your Inspector never spoke to me in such a tone, and I don’t care to be spoken to in that way now.’
‘Okay, have it your way.’ Bowden again leant back. ‘You go on believing your sister was only an innocent secretary. But no one kills a secretary, do they? That man is still out there.’
Mrs Smith turned to Clodagh, pleading,
‘Can’t I speak to you, alone?’
Clodagh was pained. She explained,
‘If we do, it can’t be noted. It carries no weight.’
The woman’s face made up her mind. Clodagh looked to Bowden, who rose from the table,
‘Coffee? Tea? Milk or sugar?’
‘Nothing for me, thank you,’ said Clodagh. Mrs Smith stayed silent.
Clodagh strapped herself in.
Chapter 50 – Driving East


‘Come on,’ said Underwood. ‘We’re going to take a drive.’
So it was that Peacock, no sooner had he arrived in London after coming all the way back from Yarmouth, was immediately thrown back into the driving seat for the return journey.
‘We’ll take your car,’ instructed Underwood, as they left Thameside Station.
‘You don’t fancy taking a turn behind the wheel yourself?’ asked Peacock, opening the driver’s door.
‘No, I have a lot to think over. And I’m keen to see you handle the car. You’re something of a whizz, so I gather.’
Peacock smiled that bright smile of his,
‘Well, I wouldn’t like to brag. I’ve won the odd hill climb here or there.’
Which was news to Underwood. He hadn’t driven with Peacock before; and as they moved out of the narrow, twisting roads of London and onto wide suburban A-roads, he sat back in awe. For it was always a pleasure to watch a person do something well.
Peacock handled the big Ford with ease: he was light on the wheel, reigning in the heavy vehicle through the turns. The car would lean and lurch as the weight transferred, though Peacock was equal to it, displaying an adeptness at the controls.
‘Where did you learn to drive like this?’ asked Underwood.
‘The Road Policing Unit. I started there after my National Service.’
‘And what did you do in National Service?’
‘Signals,’ he answered, ‘tracking East German transmissions, then translating them.’
‘So, how did you go from that to the Motorways?’
He turned and winked, ‘I like fast cars, Inspector,’ before quickly casting his eyes back on the road.
It was a changeable afternoon. The roads were slick with spitting rain, yet they powered along regardless. Underwood felt entirely secure. Comfort also came from the understanding that a driver like Peacock could easily have arrived at Crook’s Corner earlier than anyone expected him to. That comfort grew with every passing mile: each time he found his way around a slow truck, or handled a junction with ease, Peacock became less and less likely a candidate for Gull’s “other person” lurking in the hedgerows.
‘And then you moved from Motorways to CID?’ asked Underwood.
‘Well, our unit had been called in to help break a stolen car ring. We were looking out for luxury cars that were being brought in late at night to somewhere in North London, or so we were told. They had no more intel than that. So, I studied the map and narrowed it down to certain north-south roads I guessed they must be using, then sat out there for days on the hard shoulder, with my thermos flask and the car full of my partner’s cigarette smoke… I note you don’t smoke, Inspector?’
‘It never suited me. You neither?’
‘A filthy habit, if you don’t mind my saying. Anyway, on about the fourth night, I saw a gorgeous Bentley Continental, which was not being driven in the manner becoming of such a vehicle. Well, I guessed that it was now or never. I left a suitable gap, and went off in pursuit. I held back behind that Bentley all the way to a row of lock-up garages In Woolwich.
‘I reported back to CID the next morning. They raided the place, and it broke the case. Before I knew it, my transfer was already going through the channels. I think they saw I had an aptitude for criminal work. But anyway… here I am talking about myself. So, what’s your story, chief?’
Underwood looked up, and began,
‘Artillery Division, just missing the War; then Military Police in the Allied Sector of Germany. I guess they saw the same thing in me that they saw in you, Peacock. After demob I signed up and was thrown straight onto the beat in Hackney.’
‘It’s in the blood, isn’t it, sir.’
‘I think it is. Anyway,’ Underwood changed the topic, ‘I still haven’t asked you about extended stay in Yarmouth.’
Peacock shook his head in recollection,
‘Well, no one feels as bad about that as I do. I waited up all night for a certain driver to show, a Yarmouth local called Dawlish, but with no luck. I was told that he often worked the Yarmouth taxi rank at lunchtimes, and hadn’t been seen for the two days since our victim passed through there. I know, I know, it sounds a wild goose chase. But the other drivers really thought he might have been a good candidate for the one who picked her up.’
‘But, no sign?’
‘No sign, which is a bad sign in itself, I think.’
‘It might mean he’s read the story in the news,’ supposed Underwood. ‘Some people have a racket on the side and don’t like to contact the police.’
‘And that’s the happier scenario,’ considered Peacock. ‘Worse is that he does know something, or did something bad out there at that crossroads.’
Underwood pondered,
‘The guy was registered?’ he asked.
‘Yes, but there was no answer at his address,’ said Peacock, showing he’d done the legwork. ‘Anyway, it was too late to come up to London last night, so I slept in the car and woke with a bad neck. I went home for a bath, then came straight to you.’
Underwood’s instincts were piqued, his growing calm shattered. Although he couldn’t quite explain why yet.
‘So, where are we heading, boss?’ asked Peacock.
‘The Swift Fingers office in the village. And step on it.’
Chapter 51 – Sister Continued


‘Please can this interview stop?’ asked Trudie Smith, once she and Clodagh were alone in the room. ‘I can’t cope with it. I only lost my sister yesterday. Now, somewhere in that time, I’ve slipped from grieving relative to being a suspect of something. Please can I go back home?’
Clodagh pondered on those words: yes, there had been a ‘slip’. But where had it taken place? Somewhere around the time Mrs Smith admitted buying her sister an airline ticket to flee the country, supposed Clodagh, feeling her heart both soften and harden to the woman.
One thing was clear, though – there was nothing to be gained from the interview going on any longer.
‘Okay,’ said Clodagh. ‘When Sergeant Bowden comes back, I’ll suggest we break for today.’
‘Thank you. I can’t tell you what that means to me.’
‘But… that also means, if you have anything you want to tell me in confidence, anything to help us find who did this to your sister, then it has to be now.’
Clodagh had dealt her final card… but it turned up trumps. Mrs Smith paused, then began,
‘You asked if there was anyone in London Alice was afraid of. Well, I don’t know if it was him waiting for her at Liverpool Street Station that night, or who it was. But there certainly was a man she was scared of!’
‘Go on,’ said Clodagh, all ears.
‘Well. Once, after they were back in London, Alice and Sammy took me out to dinner. It was a nice place, just along the river, like where your Inspector took me last night. Though I didn’t know a friend of Sammy’s was coming to make us a four.
‘We hit the town, wining and dining; it was a nice night. Anyway, this other fellow had me on his arm, whispering sweet nothings. I was giggling. “I’m a married woman!” I was saying. And he said, “Don’t worry about that, my dear.” I took it as a joke, but there was something in his voice. I looked across at Alice, and she had this chilling look in her eyes. I can’t put it any other way.
‘The next morning, I woke at Alice’s flat with a headache and not much memory – the kids in the courtyard woke me up, I didn’t open the curtains till eleven. Alice had already left for work, but when she came back that evening, I quizzed her, “That friend of Sammy’s is a character, isn’t he?”
‘“Don’t think you’re special,” she snapped back. “He’s like that with all the girls. Whatever you do, don’t fall for him!”’
Clodagh jumped back as Trudie spat out the words.
‘Alice was warning me. She said, “He’s charming but he’s dangerous, don’t get involved.”’
‘How did Sammy know him?’ asked Clodagh.
‘I don’t know, but I’m guessing from his long hair and the way he dressed that he’d spent time out in Africa too.’ The woman shook her head in recollection, ‘You see long hair all the time now, even on Top of the Pops. But back then I’d never met a man who looked like that.’
‘Where did he come from?’ asked Clodagh.
‘“Some big house up north,” I think Sammy said. Though he didn’t sound northern – they all sound the same though, don’t they, the toffs – they don’t go to school with the local kids.’
‘And what line of work was he in?’
She laughed, ‘“Work”, you ask? I don’t know if he’d ever done a day’s work in his life! If I had to guess, I’d say he was the son of dissolute aristos. That he went abroad through sheer boredom, and came back sporting a kaftan and flowing beard.’
‘Though Alice didn’t like him?’
‘She only spoke of him one other time, that I can remember. “He doesn’t care what people think of him,” she said, “he knows he’s richer than everyone else in the room. He just strolls in when he pleases, and strolls out when he’s bored, even if someone’s mid-sentence.”’
‘He sounds a real charmer.’
‘Well, I guess he charmed Sammy Asquith. I sensed that they were involved in all sorts together, though I never knew exactly what. I saw through him though; I didn’t care what money he had – my glasses have never been rose-tinted when it came to powerful men.’
‘And what of Asquith? What was your view of him?’
‘I told you, he was harmless, like a puppy.’
‘And Alice told you nothing more about this other man?’
The sister shook her head, ‘Alice could keep things close to her chest, even from me.’
‘And his name?’
The woman was stumped, answering,
‘You know, I don’t remember. I never met him again, and I haven’t thought of that night again until right now. But I remember his name reminded me of Saville Row, where Sammy bought his suits.’
Clodagh sat back in her chair,
‘Thank you, Mrs Smith. I need to speak to the Inspector.’
Chapter 52 – The Peacock Raid


At last the Ford Zephyr neared Norwich, then the coast, then Cardow, and Underwood began to recognise where he was again.
It was early afternoon in the sleepy town as they drove slowly along the front. There was the Three Lights, closed after lunch; there were the ships back in Harbour, their catches already brought in and sold off; and there were the small offices closing for the day.
‘It’s just around here,’ instructed Underwood, as Peacock pulled the car around to park on a side road.
The two men got out and stood, looking at an empty shopfront.
‘It looks pretty deserted to me,’ said Peacock.
‘Bowden was right,’ said Underwood.
They approached and tried the front door, which was locked.
‘There’s not a scrap left in there,’ said Peacock, with his hands and face pressed up against the glass.
‘Are you pair here to settle up?’ It was an old woman asking. She had appeared from a small door between the shopfronts, presumably leading to a flat above.
‘We’re the Police,’ said Underwood.
‘Oh good. Then I’ll fetch down their details, to help you track ‘em down.’
‘We know this company, madam,’ said Underwood, catching her attention before she disappeared upstairs. ‘I believe they’ve done a moonlight flit. Their London office has closed too. I’m afraid the chance of recovering what they owe to you is slim to none.’
‘Oh, well,’ she said, not half as disappointed as Underwood expected. ‘It’s worth the loss of a month’s rent to be rid of them, I suppose.’
‘How so?’
‘Well, they were up to no good! I watched them girls come and go – tarts, every one of them. The place didn’t open till lunchtime some mornings, if you catch my drift. And what typing did they need four girls for? Answering fan mail for that radio boat out there? Hah! That’s the lie of it, all right. That’s the lie of it.’
‘None of them were local girls, were they?’ asked Underwood.
‘London.’ She spoke the word as if spitting venom. ‘Like you.’
‘So where did they sleep?’
‘Sleep?’ spat the woman again. ‘Well, I’m not sure they did much of that! But what they did do was at a guest house, about a league inland.’
The officers gave their thanks. They also borrowed a key and took the briefest look around the office. But, as Bowden had reported from the Shoreditch branch, not a scrap of anything meaningful remained.
Next up, they drove inland, following the old woman’s instructions. For a mile or more they passed between two vast fields of empty farmland. Eventually, they encountered a brace of old, white cottages, far from anywhere. One of these was indeed a guest house, again unoccupied.
‘They cleared out last night,’ reported a man with a walking stick, still in his pyjama top.
‘Did you see anything?’ asked Peacock.
‘Only from my window. I came down to the kitchen door, and that shiny-looking fellow came over and folded off some notes from a wad in his pocket.’
‘He didn’t leave you anything for the office landlord, did he?’
‘No.’
‘Then you’re lucky you caught him.’
‘Did you ever see what they got up to here?’ asked Underwood.
The man smirked, ‘Well, let’s just say that last night wasn’t the first time I’d been kept awake.’
‘You own both of these houses?’
‘Yes. We let that one out. In fact they’ve done us a favour, vacating just in time for summer season. I’ll have to hurry and get my advert in the papers!’
Again, a cursory search revealed little; except a door left off its hinges, a mirror smeared in lipstick, and the remnants of a meal strewn across one of the bedroom carpets.
‘Well, it’s not the worst damage that man has left in his wake,’ observed Underwood.
‘Someone’s going to have to clean it up, though,’ replied Peacock.
‘Maybe that’s the least you can expect for letting someone run a brothel on your land?’
That morning, the regional paper had carried a full-face picture of the “Girl in the Field” on its cover. Underwood had shown it to both landlords as they’d departed, each time to no avail.
Peacock would have cursed at their lack of success, were he not a man of higher sensibility. He did attempt a scowl though, issuing,
‘Honestly. One night away from town, and all this happens. And why didn’t we know about this place?’
‘Because the houses are miles from anywhere?’ suggested his boss. ‘Because Asquith was paying that man a pretty penny not to make their goings-on common knowledge?’
The two men left the stuffy guest house to get some air.
‘I am convinced, Peacock,’ he declared, standing outside the empty building, ‘that the trail has gone cold.’
‘Don’t say that, sir.’ The younger man tried to encourage him, ‘We have the taxi driver who’s still out there. We have Kenneally: I mean, don’t tell me, sir, that you’re not going to keep digging into why he let Asquith go last night?’ (For the Inspector had caught him up on those details) ‘And we have… well, I’m just saying. Nil desperandum, sir. Nil desperandum!’
Underwood’s thoughts had moved on though. Something else had finally settled in his mind, though he couldn’t let on yet.
‘Come on,’ he said to Peacock. ‘Let’s get back to the coast.’
Chapter 53 – As the Waves Crashed


‘Pull over,’ said Underwood, the moment they hit the unspoilt coastline.
‘We’re still a way away from the town,’ answered Peacock.
‘Pull over.’
‘But, Inspector, we’re a mile from anywhere.’
‘I won’t ask a third time.’
Peacock pulled the big Ford onto a sandy lay-by between the road and the beach. There, with the engine turned off and the sound of gulls and the surf gently crashing, Underwood fixed his Sergeant in a decided stare, and began,
‘All this journey I’ve had something whirring away at the back of my mind. Now the gears have stopped, and I know what they were telling me. Sergeant Peacock, had our investigation any other path left to go down, then I might have resisted suggesting to you what I’m about to say. But there is no other path, so I must risk it.’
‘Sir, I…’
‘I will be heard-out, Peacock. I can assure you of that.’
Thus admonished, the Sergeant did stay silent to hear his Inspector out.
‘As we left London earlier, you mentioned how you once followed a Bentley to a row of lock-up garages in Woolwich, to break up a stolen car ring. As it happens, I remember that raid. I remember it because the moment that the Woolwich gang were broken up, that left the monopoly for car crime in London in the hands of Carlo Severin and his growing railway arch empire.’
‘I need some air,’ said Peacock, reaching for the door handle.
‘No you don’t,’ replied his Inspector, who went on, ‘That raid emboldened Severin. It gave him money to get into property and strengthen his grip on Soho. He’s not a cultured man like Harry Dennick, he didn’t come up through the clubs – he bought his way in. And that raid on his auto-breaking rival was all he could have hoped for.
‘Now, I didn’t know you by name back then, Peacock, but I heard your story. And I remember thinking, “That police driver was exceptionally lucky to spot that one stolen car that led him right to the Woolwich Gang’s hideout… It was almost as though a friendly face in the criminal fraternity had tipped him off that it would be coming that way…”’
Peacock only needed a second to think,
‘It would be poor form to deny it, Inspector – arguments are so unseemly, aren’t they?’
‘Thank you. You’ve made this much easier.’
‘Though you need to tell me what you’re going to do with me.’
‘Soon,’ said Underwood, ‘for, you see, my train of thought does not end there. I would go further: Harry Dennick mentioned to me that Severin’s daughter had gone missing, somewhere out this way.’ He gestured with his arm to the flat landscape and coast that surrounded the car. ‘Dennick also presumed that the reason why Severin hadn’t officially reported her missing to the police was because: well, why would a man like that need to report it? Why make a private matter public? Not when he had his own contacts in the Force, who he might make his own arrangement with.’
Underwood summed up,
‘Dennick was suggesting that Severin had his own man on the case; and, Peacock, I find myself thinking that that man is you.’
Peacock was silent, and Underwood let him be… for now. The older man went on,
‘Sergeant, throughout our drive today you have taken every road and every junction without pause to check the map or read the road signs. You haven’t learnt these roads in three days, you know this coast like a man who’s been driving it for weeks. You were on the scene at Crook’s Corner that first morning a full half-an-hour before you had any right to be.
‘More recently, you’ve been out of contact for a full twenty-four hours, supposedly chasing one taxi driver around a town the size of Yarmouth. Now, I’ve made several claims here, and you’re entitled to rebut them. You have an hour before I drive us back to Gull’s House, where I’ll have no compunction in having him write up a report on you. So make it good.’
Chapter 54 – The Peacock Line


In the long black car, parked on the verge of soft white sand, Peacock began,
‘The fact is, Inspector, the meat of what you say is true. Though it’s not as unseemly as you say. If I do have an hour to tell the tale, then I’ll go back to the beginning:
‘I do know Carlo Severin. Our first meeting was by chance. Pure fluke! I was a young Constable on the Road Policing Unit. I’d just been given my first squad car, a Wolseley Six-Eighty. This was in the early days of the Motorways, Fifty-Nine, Sixty.
‘Anyway, one rainy evening, sat out on the hard shoulder on the M6 with my sandwiches and thermos flask, I saw a Jaguar go past me at a rate of knots, I can tell you…’
Underwood could have done without the ‘Boy’s Own’ flourishes.
‘…So, I gave chase, and I was amazed to catch up with him and pull him over. I walked up to the car, tugging my collar around my neck in the rain. The driver wound the window down and said, “You’re the first copper to pull me over since I got this thing. I’ve never seen anyone drive like that in the wet.” Now, those three-litre Jaguar saloons are like rocket ships, Inspector…’
‘Yes, yes. Go on.’
‘I’d always loved messing around in cars. But I think this was the first time that anyone had taken notice of my driving. It hadn’t occurred to me that haring around after Jaguars on dark, rainy evenings might not be a challenge that my brother officers relished!
‘Anyway, I gave him the ticket for dangerous driving – which he did settle! – and as he went off, he said, “Drive for me, I’ll pay you triple what the Police pay.”’
Underwood took this fact on board, and asked,
‘But you didn’t take him up on it?’
‘No, I took it as a joke. I didn’t know who he was back then – but what with the car he drove, and in that sheepskin jacket of his, I got a good impression.’
Underwood gave him a knowing look, remarking,
‘You know, when he offered you that driving job, it probably wasn’t for a spin around Brands Hatch.’
Peacock answered equally sagely,
‘Oh, don’t worry, sir. Why do you think I turned him down?’
‘But still you ended up working for him?’
‘That, Inspector, is another story. How am I doing with my hour?’
‘Don’t worry about that, keep going.’
And so he did. Peacock loosened his warm collar, and went on,
‘You see, I like my cars.’
‘Uh huh.’
‘And so does Carlo Severin.’
‘He likes other people’s cars too,’ noted Underwood.
Peacock looked pained at the reference. He went on,
‘And you might have heard that there are cafes along the new Motorways, where car enthusiasts meet.’
‘To go racing?’
‘Among other things. Though mostly to see and be seen, to look over each other’s winged chariots. I have a Sunbeam Alpine myself; it draws a lot of admiring looks.’
‘That’s not a cheap car, I’m guessing?’ asked the boss.
‘Nor the most exorbitant. But, well, my family aren’t poor exactly. It was a present after finishing my National Service.’
Underwood rolled his eyes, as the story went on,
‘Back in my Road Policing days, there were a group of motor enthusiasts who treated the M1 like their own racetrack. I’d been working on the Motorways for a few years by then, and the job was getting harder. The new MGs had just come out that could reach a hundred, and these fellows would try and outdo each other over certain stretches of road. They’d race between the footbridges that pass overhead. This was before the new speed limits, you appreciate, Inspector. It was the Wild West out there.
‘Well, one evening, oh, two or three years ago, I was at a Motorway cafe in the Midlands, just south of Birmingham actually – there’s a great run of roads up that way…’
‘Go on.’
‘Well, I was there in the Alpine. Just to show if off, you understand. Only…’
‘Only, someone suggested a race?’
‘Yes.’
‘And you couldn’t resist?’
‘Honestly, I rarely ever partook,’ pleaded Peacock. ‘But on that one occasion…’
‘And you got caught?’
‘Unfortunately so.’
Underwood shook his head, ‘A serving officer, caught off-duty racing in his own car, endangering the public…’
‘It gets worse,’ he admitted, lowering his face with shame. ‘The squad car that caught me up was only an Anglia – like Gull’s. It’s no match for a Sunbeam; well, not normally so. But I caught a kerbstone, and got a flat. And that was that.’
Underwood was amazed. Even telling a story like that one, Peacock didn’t lose his pride, his brightness, his openness. Underwood found it compelling, disarming, he even felt envy at someone leaving themselves so vulnerable. But it was a part of the man’s full character, and somehow Peacock got away with it in a way that his Inspector knew he never could without someone taking advantage. He asked Peacock,
‘So, did they add Resisting Arrest to the charge sheet?’
‘They called it Fleeing the Scene of an Accident – not that there had been an accident, unless you count me hitting the kerb. But it made the same difference. I thought I could outrun them; I made a mistake.’
‘Go on.’
‘It was a Saturday evening. I had my details taken by the local Traffic Constables – a different unit to myself, they didn’t know me. I didn’t tell them I was on the Force – which was another mistake. I went home, and didn’t sleep a wink. And, I can tell you, sir, that that Sunday was the most wretched I have known. I went to my Aunt’s for lunch, and I sat there, sick inside.’
Chapter 55 – Getting Out from Under


‘Come on, let’s get some air.’ Underwood stepped out from the passenger seat and risked his patent leather shoes on the soft sand.
Seconds later, Peacock followed the Inspector out onto the edges of the beach.
‘You could have sped away right just then,’ said Underwood, looking back at their car. ‘I left you with the keys. I hope you don’t feel that I have something over you now?’
‘No, sir. Though, let’s be honest – you do. Although, if I’m still here it’s more through having the chance to unburden myself, and being halfway through and not wanting to miss the chance to get it all said.’
‘Good man.’
Peacock went back to his story,
‘So… I thought that my career was over before it had properly begun. I turned up for work on Monday, as usual – for what else could I do? We were training that day, and I just sat there in the classroom, not taking anything in. For I knew that, at that same moment, in a Station just like mine, somewhere up along the Motorway, a young officer just like myself would be typing up his report, would be sending off for my registration documents, and learning who I was… I was dying inside, sir. I was losing all that I had hoped for in the Force, all that I wanted to be…
‘I decided to get out from under it. I left my desk and walked up the stairs to the big offices. I went to the end of the corridor and knocked on the ACC’s door.’
‘That was bold.’
‘I know? Where did I find that bravery? A young Constable, going straight up to the Assistant Chief Commissioner! And I knocked on that thick wooden door, and he bid me to enter, and I went in and…’
‘And?’
‘And, “Constable Peacock,” said the ACC, “how good of you to save me the trouble of calling you up here.”’
‘He knew?” asked Underwood.
‘Yes! The file was already on his desk! He ran through all the consequences for me. “This is a very serious matter,” he began. “Constable, you will lose your driver’s licence, as well as your position here without notice being served. You will leave the Force in disgrace, and in front of all your fellow officers. Furthermore, you will be blacklisted from joining any other Force, on the mainland or in any of our overseas territories. You will be left looking for new employment with a criminal record, without a reference from us, and without your driver’s licence; and with the knowledge that all of this is a consequence of your own actions…”’
‘He really laid it on,’ noted Underwood.
‘He did, sir. But… here’s the thing: I never really bought it. It was a spiel, a pre-rehearsed script. I didn’t sense that he meant a word of it. There was something off about him. There was no anger in his voice, he was only going through the motions. And then, he opened up the traffic report, scrunched the paper into a ball, and tossed it into the wastepaper bin.’
‘Really?’
Peacock nodded, reciting the tale,
‘“But I don’t want those things for you, Peacock,” he said. “I see too much potential in you, too much of value to the Force. And so, I am going to forget this one indiscretion. As the Motorways develop, we will need drivers like you who can handle high speeds, who can handle the new cars we are buying to chase the cars the criminals are buying. Such men will need bravery, and nerve – qualities which you have displayed, Constable. So, pay no mind to what we’ve spoken of today, go back to your duties. And, in due course, you will be contacted.”’
‘Jesus.’
‘I know.’ Peacock showed the same relief he must have shown that Monday morning.
‘And were you contacted?’ asked Underwood.
‘Well, I kept the Motorways job. And, sure enough, within the month our old Wolsleys were replaced by the Zephyrs we drive now.’ He gestured with love to his precious Police wheels, resting up beside the sandy shore. ‘And no one in that unit drove theirs like I drove mine, sir. I’d been given a second chance. I was desperate to do an outstanding job. But I also found myself with “other” jobs falling at my door: the odd midnight run with a package I didn’t want to know the contests of; or sometimes driving people, again, without a name being given or asked.’
‘Were you getting them out of harm’s way?’
‘Or getting them into harm’s way. I can only imagine.’
‘And you never knew who they were?’
‘No. And, before you ask, our friend was never among them.’
‘But Severin did get in touch?’ asked Underwood.
‘He did and he didn’t,’ answered Peacock honestly. ‘By which I mean, I was left a note to be at that lay-by, on that night and at that time, and to look out for that Bentley; but I didn’t trace it back to Severin, not then.’
‘When did you?’
‘Another day, I found a note, left in my locker as usual. It said to head out East, sir, to a house not very far from where we’re talking right now. I knew I’d need a morning for the journey here and back, so I excused myself to my Traffic Sergeant with the lie of a family visit – though he never questioned me about it.
‘I went radio-silent for the day. I followed the directions I’d been given and, after several hours of driving, I found myself at the foot of the drive of a beautiful house on the Norfolk coast. And there he was, the man in the sheepskin jacket, standing at the top of the drive, calling for me to pull up next to the Jaguar I’d pulled over all those years earlier!
‘Go slowly now,’ said Underwood, ‘give me every detail.’
Peacock recognised the change in pitch, and tried his best to remember,
‘Well, Severin wasn’t there alone. Stood beside him at his front door was a copper, very senior, I think – I’d seen him once before at a function in dress uniform, a prize-giving. He was round-faced, looking flushed. And when we spoke, he often broke into a disarming grin…’
Chapter 56 – The Walk


‘Inspector Kenneally,’ said Underwood, without emotion. ‘Head of Vice for London.’
‘Then that makes sense,’ considered Peacock. ‘If Severin and Kenneally were in cahoots, then the Motorways heading north would be the next place they’d want to cover. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have a man on the payroll any time their business moved out of London.’
‘Tell me about the meeting at Severin’s house.’
‘Well, I pulled up on the drive as instructed. Severin saw me recognise the Jaguar. He said, “So, Constable, will you reconsider my offer?” In fact, I think that was the first time I saw the other man grin.’
Underwood shuddered. Peacock went on,
‘I was shown into the lounge of this beautiful house – it didn’t look like it belonged to him, it didn’t match his boots or coat. I’ve since learnt that he’s been borrowing it from someone who owes him a lot of money.
‘I was offered a drink, but I said I couldn’t while I was in uniform – they laughed at that. They both had scotch, neat. We were sat on these huge sofas, around a huge wooden coffee table. There were no names given that day. “This is a friend of mine and yours,” began Severin, nodding to the other man. “He has recommended you for a job I need doing. He’s sure you’ll say yes.”’
Underwood was fuming,
‘How did it work?’ he asked.
‘Well, the third man didn’t stay for long. He got up and shook both of our hands, and said the only thing he said to me that day, “You’ll have everything you need.”’
‘And have you had everything you need?’
‘Oh yes, and the rest! Within a week, a transfer document came through for me to join Norfolk Constabulary CID. I was rushed through my Sergeant’s exam, and then there I was, at Norwich Station, in a suit, and at the same rank as Bowden who’d worked the job for years. “Your reward for the Woolwich raid,” I kept being told. But I know better, sir. I know I haven’t earned this. I can guess what the other men say about me.’
‘You don’t need to fear any of them,’ said Underwood.
Peacock, who had dipped his head those past few sentences, now lifted his gaze,
‘Thank you, sir. Though I’m sure I don’t believe it.’
‘Believe it. Now go on.’
‘Well, even before I was officially at Norwich, I was getting new notes left for me. Calls at home too – always from Severin himself, always made from the Norwich house. I have basically been running errands for him ever since.’
‘How much so?’
‘I’m afraid I’ve barely done a full day on duty in the month I’ve been at Norwich; at least before this case came up.’
‘And did the others at Norwich question this? Bowden?’
‘I believe my colleagues have been told I’m on “special duties”.’
Underwood suddenly felt he was about to start thumping the roof of the car, and in the process probably do more damage to himself than the vehicle.
‘I need to walk,’ he said. ‘It helps me to think.’
With Peacock keeping pace, he tromped across the heavy sand, with not another soul around.
‘Tell me all of it.’
‘Severin has a daughter,’ said Peacock, ‘called Jacqueline. You might know of her, Inspector. And you might know that he dotes on her. “My Sun and my Moon,” he calls her, “my Night and my Day.” Six weeks ago, on the eve of her twenty-first birthday, Severin held a lavish party for her at their North London townhouse. There were caterers, a bar, waitresses with trays of canapés, a band playing all of her favourite rock and pop songs. All her friends and family were there, waiting for the hour when she’d come of age. And then, at midnight, the clock struck twelve, the band struck up Happy Birthday… and Jacqueline Severin was nowhere to be seen.’
‘Now, sir, you’re probably asking yourself the same question I asked myself when I first heard this story: “What on Earth has this to do with him moving to the East Coast?”’
‘You’d be right.’
‘And the answer lies on what happened later that night, or rather, early the next morning, for I’m told that the scene went on until daylight. You can imagine how the party went down after Jacqueline disappeared, Inspector. Severin told me half of this himself, and the rest I’ve picked up from friends of hers I’ve interviewed since:
‘At first, Severin didn’t know if “Little Jacquie” was outside having a cigarette, or passed out drunk, or whatever; he got his men to go and look for her, then went looking himself. At some point, he got it into his head – correctly – that she was with a boy somewhere.
‘By now, the rock and roll band were silent, Severin’s men were back in the room, and no one present was allowed to leave. “Someone here knows where she is!” he thundered. “Someone here knows where she is!”
‘He and his men picked on random boys her age, most of whom were drunk and had been having a good time. He held each of them down in a chair and questioned them, slapping their faces side to side. He beat one nearly half-senseless before Mrs S. stepped in. “Call the police,” she said. “Jacquie’s run away with that posh fella.”’
‘What “posh fella”?’ asked Underwood.
‘Well, it turned out that Jacqueline had been dating a man, “A rich man, an older man. Someone she’d met in London,” as her best friend later described him to me. Only, she hadn’t told her father…’
‘Hardly surprising.’
‘Well, the questioning ended at least. Severin sent everyone home, and went to his study to make a call. Luckily though, Jacqueline’s best friend was worried too, and she stayed to comfort the mother. So, I know what happened next: a man turned up, “as the sun was rising and the milk cart was clanking past.” He was an older man, “red-faced, as if he’d been drinking.” This man told Severin, “We’ll find her. We’ll find her. And then we’ll skin this fellow of hers alive.” And then he “grinned this wicked grin.”’
‘What morning was this?’ asked Underwood.
‘The day before I got my note to drive to the East Coast.’
‘And why the East Coast?’
‘Because that is where Severin believes this fellow lives. Or his family do, at least. Although it hasn’t been as easy as all that to track him down – he hasn’t been seen at the family home for weeks, and he and Jacqueline are still on the run…’
‘Given her family, I’m not surprised.’
‘…And it means that in these six weeks I must have looked for them at every guest house, hotel and caravan park from Frinton to Cromer.’
‘How have you had the time?’
‘Oh, it hasn’t been so hard, not when I’ve been out here every evening and weekend, and half the working days too.’ Peacock’s guilty look came back. ‘And it means, sir, that I was early to the scene that morning at Crook’s Corner. Not because I knew about the body before anyone else – but because I was parked up just along the coast from here, catching up on sleep, when an ambulance came past with its bell ringing. I chased them up the coast, and they delivered me right to the murder scene.’
‘And why were you so near?’
‘Because this is where my searches have led me, sir. You see, Carlo Severin has the idea, which I’ve come to agree with, that the best candidate for the “posh, rich man” who his daughter ran off with is someone called Alex de Sayle.’
Chapter 57 – The Fleeing Secretary


Clodagh had been trying all afternoon to contact to the Inspector, without success. After what had felt like a victory at the fashion store, her afternoon had fallen by the wayside. She re-dialled the familiar number,
‘Hello, Miss Gull, it’s WPC Bryce again. I don’t suppose you’ve heard from the Inspector since we last…?’
‘I’m sorry, dear,’ replied Miss Gull, ‘I haven’t heard a word from any of the men since Arthur went down to London this morning. I’m sure if the Inspector is in the area, he’ll call in soon.’
Clodagh replaced the receiver; just as Bowden play-knocked at the open office door,
‘You haven’t heard from him then?’
She shook her head. ‘I’m not sure what to do next.’
‘Me neither,’ he agreed. ‘I don’t know whether I’m serving him better here, or going back home for a proper night’s kip?’
When she didn’t respond, Bowden made an offer,
‘Look, why don’t I take you down to Cardow tomorrow? That other woman’s out of the way now – there’s no harm in us saying it. Why don’t you give him a surprise, give it another go?’
‘I don’t know if that’s a surprise he’d welcome,’ she lamented.
‘Then he’s an idiot, pardon me speaking out of turn.’
‘It’s no worse than what I’ve called him, I’m sure.’
Just then, the phone rang,
‘WPC Bryce?’ she answered hopefully. Though it wasn’t who she’d expected.
‘This is Sergeant Burns, East Sussex Constabulary. You had an All Ports Bulletin put out for a Miss Rachael Smart?’
‘Yes, yes, that was me.’
Bowden listened with interest. Clodagh cupped the phone a moment, to explain to him,
‘I put an APB out on the supervisor at Swift Fingers. I thought she could tell us where Asquith went after stripping down the Shoreditch Office.’
She returned her attention to the call. Sergeant Burns was saying,
‘Well, when we dropped the latest watch list at the Newhaven Ferry Terminal, they had her down as having just-that-minute bought a ticket. We picked her up before she left the building. She’s in our custody.’
‘You have her? Thank you so much.’ Clodagh punched the air.
‘We only had minutes to spare,’ the man continued, ‘otherwise she’d be half-way to Dieppe by now. What do you want us to do with her?’
‘Hold the line a minute, please.’
She turned to Bowden,
‘How far is Newhaven?’
‘Further than I want to drive tonight.’
‘Hello?’ she asked down the line. ‘Is Miss Smart with you right now?’
‘Yes, just in the next room.’
‘Then could you put her on the line? She’s not to be charged, it’s just vital background info that I’m after.’
‘Very well.’
Clodagh readjusted in her chair, and got her pen and notebook ready.
‘Hello?’ asked a nervous female voice. Clodagh sensed she’d been crying.
‘Miss Smart? This is WPC Bryce, we met at Swift Fingers office yesterday, I was with the Inspector. I’m sorry for interrupting your travel, but can I ask you why you were going to France tonight?’
‘Am I going to be in trouble?’
‘I don’t know yet; and if you are to be formally interviewed, you’ll be brought to a Police Station and cautioned. For now though I’m just…’
‘I knew he’d be trouble! I knew it all along!’
‘Who would be trouble?’
‘Asquith!’ shouted Miss Rachael down the crackly line. ‘She – Miss Grey – well, she had her secrets, as we’ve all found out. But she was golden, absolutely golden. We were all heartbroken at the news, me and the girls. Him though… I knew he’d be trouble. I knew it from the moment I set eyes on him, when the pair of them interviewed me to run that floor of secretaries.
‘And I was right! Within a week on the job, I could figure two things out: that that place wasn’t paying for itself; and that it was covering up whatever he was up to! “Oh, Miss Rachael,” they said at the end of the interview, “there’ll be a ten percent bonus for you if you keep things nice and ship-shape for us.” Ten percent to keep my nose out, more like. Hush money! But I took it, for my sins, I took it!
‘And look where it’s landed me? Turning a blind eye to him dashing in at any time and grabbing the files of girls he liked; phone calls in the middle of the night, to come to the office and let him in so he could strip it clear of anything worth selling…
‘He left me with an envelope of ten-pound notes, one for each girl who showed up the next morning, for notice paid and for her to keep her head down for a month! And a hundred left for me! But what good’s that when I’m shaking every time I bump into a policeman on the street? So, I went down to the South Coast to see my Mum, and say goodbye before going off on a nice, long holiday…’
‘Why did Asquith need to close the office down?’ asked Clodagh.
‘He never said, but I knew. I’d seen her, you see. I lied, Constable. Does that mean you have to arrest me?’
‘Not in itself.’
‘I saw her, the “Girl in the Field”. She was in our office, in my very chair, not two weeks ago doing typing tests! Oh…’
Sergeant Burns’s voice came back on the line,
‘I’m afraid Miss Smart has broken down, Constable Bryce… wait, wait, she’s back.’
Through racking sobs, Clodagh made out at least half the words of this vital testimony,
‘He was always there for interviews… if he liked them… we didn’t see them again… they went straight off to Cardow.’
‘And her? The Girl in the Field?’
‘She was never back at the office… please believe me!’
Clodagh heard Sergeant Burns take the phone back,
‘Miss Smart’s in a pretty bad way,’ he said through further wails. But then Miss Rachael’s voice burst through yet again,
‘And he had friends! They’d come in to watch the interviews, look around the office, walk along the desks. I knew what they were doing, it was a cattle market!’
‘Thank you, Miss Smart,’ said Clodagh, feeling dreadful. ‘Thank you so much.’
‘I think that’s her done for the evening,’ said Sergeant Burns, sounding in a similar state of necessary regret. ‘Do you want us to hold her? We can give her a pretty-good cell for the night, a proper bed away from the drunks.’
‘No, no,’ said Clodagh. ‘Let her back to her Mum’s till I can get down there and take her statement. But don’t let her leave the country, please? And if one of you could look in on her tomorrow, to check she’s all right?’
‘Of course, Constable Bryce. Goodnight.’
‘Goodnight, Sergeant Burns.’
Chapter 58 – Peacock Sickness


‘Alex de Sayle,’ repeated Peacock. ‘I can see you know the name, sir.’
Underwood frowned, ‘I do.’
‘He’s the man who runs the pirate radio boat out of Cardow Harbour.’
‘I know.’
They hadn’t walked very far as they talked, only to the edge of the lapping waves, standing just far enough back to save their shoes from getting too wet. Now, the Inspector led them back to the car,
‘Damn, there’s so much I need to ask you, man. But we have to get back and check in with Gull and London.’
‘I’ll drive and talk, sir.’
Peacock tried to drive slower than usual, to draw the time out, thus to make full use of his absolving confession. But he couldn’t help himself, and with a clear road and a powerful engine, his right foot began to sink into the carpet.
‘I want to say to you, Inspector, on the record: that as soon as this case is closed, I intend to resign. I’m compromised, sir. I’m a criminal. I broke my oath that Saturday night on the Motorway, and I’ve broken it again so many times since. Besides which, I’m not trained for this Sergeant’s role. I didn’t earn it, I’m not qualified.’
‘That is very noble of you,’ said Underwood, ‘and your gesture is noted. But let’s not have any falling on swords just yet, eh? Not while there’s still work to be done.’
‘Of course, sir. I understand. For the duration of the time that you want me working with you, you have my service in whatever way you see fit.’
Underwood nodded; and Peacock went on,
‘Believe it or not, sir, I was planning to tell you all this before now. I wanted to as soon as my door-to-door results were in on the first day – I couldn’t let my confession get in the way of that key early work. But then the lead in Yarmouth came up…’
‘You hoped you could redeem yourself?’
Peacock didn’t need to answer. Underwood supposed,
‘You must have felt wretched when that lead didn’t pan out.’
‘And I would swear on the Bible, sir, that I spent all of that day looking for that taxi driver – I made only one short detour to Severin’s holiday home on the way back.’
He went on, earnestly,
‘For, whatever I may have been involved in before that poor girl was found in the field, from the moment I saw that ambulance and followed it to Crook’s Corner, I have dedicated myself to her case, sir. I want you to know that.
‘Thank you, said Underwood, ‘and I do appreciate your efforts. But there are things I need to ask you.’
‘Yes, sir.’
‘Do you know anything you’re not telling me about that mad escapade on the beach that first evening?’
‘You have my word, sir, I knew no more than anyone. In fact, if I’m honest, my first thought, when I heard you’d been found, was that you’d gone out the night before and got yourself drunk on the beach.’
Underwood chuckled, ‘Go on.’
‘If I may speak in candour, sir, I’d heard stories: about the hothead Inspector from London, the one they send off to all the cases no one else wants. They can’t wait to be rid of you, I hear. And always in trouble with a woman, always getting kicked out.’
‘Is that what they say?
‘You do have something of a reputation with the men: for rowdiness, a lack of self-control. I’m afraid I didn’t follow my Mother’s advice, Inspector, and I listened to gossip.’
‘Well, sometimes a tough reputation is more use than a friendly one. I’ve just a few more questions, Peacock.’
‘Sir?’
‘How do you and Severin talk of the work you do for him?’
Peacock smiled,
‘He speaks in terms of me “Helping out a friend.”’
Underwood smiled too, then hardened again,
‘And we’re both men of the world – so what’s he offering you for Jacqueline?’
‘You mean, if I find her? Five-thousand.’
Underwood nearly laughed himself off the seat,
‘And then you really would be his forever!’
‘There have been times, sir, working along this endless coast, that I’ve considered walking into the sea.’
‘Oh, don’t beat yourself up over it,’ comforted the older man. ‘We’ve all been in that boat, in one way or another. The logic gets you halfway there: his ends are the same as ours – we want to find his daughter too. And think about it – this enquiry must have given you a lot of local knowledge, Peacock. And, if we ever need Severin’s… extra resources, then we’ll have them.’
Underwood considered,
‘The trouble comes, though, when we do find this wretched daughter and she doesn’t want to go back. And what happens when we find her boyfriend, or her dealer, or her pimp, or whoever this guy is who she’s been with all these weeks? It’s no crime for two adults to run off together. Though, is your best pal Carlo going to be happy seeing him go scot-free, or even straight into custody on some minor charge? Or is he going to expect to be given half-an-hour alone with him first, no questions asked about the cuts and bruises?’
‘I was rather hoping to cross those bridges when I came to them,’ said Peacock, feeling shameful.
‘She’s his daughter,’ explained Underwood. ‘You’ll cross whatever bridges he tells you to.’
Peacock, though, was still not convinced, stating,
‘That isn’t going to happen, Inspector. I promise you.’
‘Don’t promise what isn’t under your control. What happens over Jacqueline Severin was decided the moment you agreed to take this case; even back to the moment you were caught out on that Motorway. The fate of “Little Jacquie” comes down to your burst tyre.’
Underwood spoke plainly, though Peacock sensed he wasn’t angry. He drove carefully through Cardow, and pulled up on the lay-by in front of Gull’s seafront house,
‘Are we good, Inspector?’ he asked exiting the car.
‘As long as this is the whole truth…’
‘Yes, sir, it is.’
‘Then we need to work hand-in-glove, do you hear me, Peacock?’
‘Yes, Inspector.’ And Peacock clicked his heels, and saluted. Underwood saluted back. Sandy soil sprung from their heels as they did so. Two men saluting each other on the edge of an empty beach. It was a comic and absurd gesture, but somehow all the more touching for that. In the sharing of secrets, each felt that they had found an ally for life.
Chapter 59 – The Offer of a Meeting


Bowden looked at the notes from Clodagh’s call with Miss Rachael,
‘Newhaven, eh? What a place to make your last mad dash for.’
‘She wanted to go home.’
‘Does it help us though? What she said?’
‘I really don’t know.’
Clodagh’s phone rang again.
‘Let switchboard get it,’ said Bowden.
‘It might be the Inspector,’ reasoned Clodagh.
‘Then we’ll catch up with him tomorrow. You’re shattered, I’ll drop you home.’
‘I don’t know…’
‘Come on,’ urged Bowden, ‘Sergeant’s orders.’

And so, against her better judgement, but relieved to be putting another long day to bed, Clodagh left it ringing.
Bowden drove her back to her flat along dark, wet streets. The heavens had opened while she’d been working at the office: Swift Fingers, the girls, Asquith – she tried to get it all straight.
‘It ought to make sense,’ she complained to the car.
‘You’re tired,’ said Bowden, disinterestedly.
But it wasn’t that: she needed the Inspector. She needed her Jake.
Rain fell hard on the windows of the car as Bowden pulled up outside the boarding house. She held her satchel over her head as she dashed inside.

At Cardow, Underwood put the phone receiver back on its cradle. He and Peacock were holding court at the Station House. It felt odd having Miss Gull feed them tea and biscuits without her brother being home.
‘Thank you,’ they both said, as she brought in a fresh pot.
From his lounge chair, Underwood picked up the phone again.
‘She’s gone for the night,’ urged Peacock. ‘You won’t get her till the morning now.’
‘I know, I’m returning another call that Thameside Switchboard put through to the Station House for me.’
‘It was ringing off the hook all afternoon,’ said Miss Gull, passing the door. ‘He’s a popular man, your Inspector.’
The line rang only twice before being picked up,
‘Home Office,’ answered a secretary, ‘Sir Oscar Drayton’s office?’
‘Inspector Underwood, returning his call.’
‘Very good, Inspector.’ In a flash he was cut off from one line and transferred to another,
‘Inspector,’ began Sir Oscar himself, ‘I am so glad to hear from you. I had been hoping to catch you before close of business.’
‘How so?’
‘Could I invite you for drinks this evening?’
‘I’m not in London presently.’
‘Indeed, I guessed you might have been pursuing your enquiries out East. The person I want you to meet lives in Surrey, so I’m afraid it will be a bit of a jaunt for you. Though it will be well worth your while, I assure you. Could you be there by, say, nine?’
Underwood cupped the phone and asked Peacock, who replied,
‘Tell him eight.’
‘We’ll be there,’ replied Underwood.

They drove through growing dusk for three hours. Past Ipswich, then Chelmsford, then Brentwood, before circling south of London.
‘Do you know every road in the South of England?’ asked Underwood.
‘It can feel like it sometimes,’ answered his driver, who didn’t flag or falter all journey.
Eventually, as they passed each town and village west of London, the gardens grew longer and the houses became grander; and none were grander than the mansion they eventually pulled up outside. It was signposted by a man at the gate with a lantern, and reached by a gravel drive.
‘You’re well connected,’ joked Peacock.
‘More so than I realised,’ answered Underwood.
The man with the lantern waved them through, and Drayton greeted them at the steps to the grand house,
‘Inspector, you have made record time.’
‘I have the fastest man in England driving me.’
‘Then I’m indebted to you.’ Drayton shook Peacock’s hand also. ‘Though I hope you won’t mind if I speak to your Inspector alone. Chef can feed you; he’s been retained for the evening – take your pick, the kitchen is well-stocked.’
‘Thank you,’ answered Peacock. ‘And I wouldn’t mind somewhere to put my head down for an hour.’
‘There’s a study on the ground floor with the most comfortable chairs in England.’ He turned to Underwood, ‘Now, Inspector, please come this way.’

As Peacock went one way in search of repast and repose, Underwood followed Drayton through a pair of wooden doors. As they entered the wood-panelled sitting room, Drayton closed the doors behind them with a heavy whomp – the sense of sanctuary was complete.
‘Inspector, may I introduce you to Lord Tripping, whose house this is.’
The two shook hands as Underwood sized him up. Whatever Sir Oscar was, then Lord Tripping was twenty years along the line.
There was no preamble. Drinks were already served, steak sandwiches too. Lord Tripping began,
‘I’ve been told that you’re the last honest man in London.’
Underwood couldn’t help but laugh and answer honestly,
‘I’m not sure if that man exists, sir.’
‘Then let me put it another way. There are certain men in your city whom I had been led to believe were untouchable; yet today you were asking my Special Secretary all about them. A lesser man might be branded naive for doing so, of not being aware of the lions’ den he was walking into. But that cannot be said, I think, of a twenty-year servant of Thameside Station?’
Underwood honoured the plain speaking, and stayed to the point,
‘I approached the Home Office this morning to learn the legal situation of a pirate radio ship, the FS Claude Monet. Sir Oscar informed me that it, and the radio station operating from its decks, were both owned by an Alex de Sayle.’
‘And what else have you learnt about this person in the hours since?’
‘Of his operation, much: that he is friends with a known drug-dealer; that this friend was running girls for him under the guise of a secretarial agency; and that this agency was probably also a cover for illegal earnings.’
Lord Tripping chuckled, and shook his head,
‘Well, none of that surprises me greatly. Though, what of the man?’
Underwood was stumped,
‘Well, of de Sayle himself, only that he may have recently got himself romantically involved with a gangster’s daughter. Apart from that, I confess I’ve yet to find a further thing out about him.’
‘And this despite my Special Secretary’ (Lord Tripping nodded towards Sir Oscar) ‘hinting oh-so heavily that de Sayle would likely have a file held at your very own Police Station?’
Underwood was decisive,
‘Thameside Station Records Department holds no such file.’
The old man shook his head, downcast,
‘Then all that I suspected about him has already been proven.’
Chapter 60 – The Rosy-Cheeked Commissioner


‘We three are joined in a conspiracy, Inspector,’ declared Lord Tripping around the table. ‘Make no mistake of the importance of this evening.’
Underwood tucked into his steak sandwich and let the claptrap wash over him. There were bottles of ale also, beside a carafe of wine. Underwood imagined the beer to be a concession to the presence of a working man at the gathering; but as the talk went on, so the Lord himself also partook. It brought a glow to his plump face, accentuated by the soft light of the tassel-shaded lamps.
Sipping his glass of red wine, his assistant Drayton kept a watching brief.
Lord Tripping held court,
‘I am not a naive man, Inspector.’
‘Undoubtedly, sir.’
‘I have not got where I have in this life without being cautious; not trodden the corridors of power successfully these many years without having my wits about me.’
‘I would never have imagined otherwise, sir.’
‘And yet – Drayton assures me I can share this with you – I have of late allowed myself to be compromised.’
‘Go on, sir,’ urged Drayton. ‘I have complete trust in the Inspector.’
‘Well, that makes one of us! Or so I believe the comedians say.’ At last the visage of the Lord cracked. ‘I’m sorry, Inspector. This whole affair has made me necessarily cautious. I have not been myself. Yet, I must gird my loins – I must tell you the whole story.’
Back in a serious frame of mind, the Lord spoke, and Underwood listened.
‘My work in the Home Office of late has been consumed with the phenomena of the pirate radio boats. No issue has exercised the great and the good to such a degree these recent months – what are these unregulated stations saying to our young? What message do they give? Where is the broadcasting principle to educate as well as entertain?’
‘Indeed, sir.’
‘So, late last year we considered the idea of licensing popular stations across the capital. We invited bids from all interested parties, including the owners of the unlicensed stations – after all, we weren’t only hoping to replace these offshore stations with legal ones, we wanted to bring their operations in from their death-traps off the coast.
‘In the most part, the stations turned out to be owned by legitimate, or at least semi-legitimate, businessmen, with perhaps as little interest in “pop music” as you or I might have, Inspector. This heartened me, as I felt they would be men with whom I could do business. We entertained them, we met with them, we talked shop. One of them was Alexander de Sayle.
‘He was richer than most – very old money, I learnt – and, well, only someone that entitled would walk about dressed as he was – a Bedouin robe was not what I expected when I arrived at his hotel suite that day. That fateful day.
‘It was noon, in a new development overlooking the Thames. We drank champagne on the balcony, ate oysters as we watched the ships go by. Such a beautiful view. He seemed as keen to court us as we were to court him. And then, the others there started to leave. His advisers went out and girls came in. “Secretaries,” he told me, which I wouldn’t have believed for a minute. Only, just then I began to feel lightheaded…’
Underwood leapt in,
‘Sir, I can guess where this story goes. I can guess the details; I only need certain facts.’
‘No, I want to tell it all, so you can form a full and detailed picture of this man in your mind. I awoke after dark, in the same room, alone and naked. The breeze woke me, and the sound of the blinds fluttering at the balcony doors, which had been left open to the night. My clothes were folded neatly on the chair opposite me. There was no note, no threat, no photographs.’
‘They might not have been able to develop photographs that soon, sir,’ considered Underwood.
‘No, possibly not. They had left a glass of water beside me, apparently as some sort of courtesy. Though I didn’t touch it. I ran to the bathroom and was sick, then splashed my face with cold water. I had no memory of what had happened. I was freezing. I put my clothes on, and left the hotel.
‘A man cannot bear such a thing alone, Inspector, and so I immediately visited my old friend here.’ He looked to Drayton. ‘To this date, you two are the only ones to hear this story.’
‘Were they in touch afterwards?’ asked Underwood.
‘Not in all these months.’
‘No letter, or threat of photographs?’
‘I assume they took the threat of photographs as read.’
‘What happened next?’
‘Firstly, I ask for a loyalty beyond your role, Inspector. A loyalty between men.’
Underwood stood and held his hand out to shake. The Lord stood too, and they shook across the table. The Lord resumed,
‘Then, I confess to you that, at the meeting four days ago when we finally decided on the winning contracts, I granted de Sayle’s station, Radio Claude, a commercial licence to broadcast across the capital and the surrounding counties.’
Drayton burst in, talking directly to the Inspector,
‘I’ve told His Lordship a hundred times: Radio Claude gave a very good pitch. We might possibly have gone with them anyway.’
‘But there was not a moment’s consideration in my mind of the other bids,’ said Lord Tripping. ‘For that I’m hell-bound.’
All three let that sentence sink in. The old man broke the silence,
‘I haven’t heard from de Sayle since, and I have no wish to. I do not believe he is a vindictive man. This will have been a business transaction to him, one thus concluded. I have asked myself: what else could be in my gift for him to ask of me in the future? I can think of nothing, so, in one way, that is that. Yet, that answer doesn’t satisfy, Inspector.’
‘You’ve been compromised,’ considered Underwood, ‘and might be again. A man can’t live with that.’
‘Exactly. You must think me a fool, Inspector.’
‘You and a thousand others.’
The Lord smiled for only the second time that evening.
Underwood asked,
‘I have one question for you, sir.’
‘Yes?’
‘Why are you telling me all this?’
Day 4 – Saturday


Chapter 61 – Esher Morning


They spoke until the small hours: Underwood, Drayton and Lord Tripping.
‘It has been a relief,’ declared the old man, ‘to get this off my chest. I do repeat, Inspector, that you are the last honest man in London.’
‘And I do repeat,’ replied Underwood, ‘that not one word of our talk leaves this room.’
‘You will be keen to get back to your case though,’ offered Drayton as a not-so-subtle nudge.
‘Indeed I am. In fact, I already have my next course of action plotted. May I make some calls?’
‘By all means,’ answered Drayton, ‘if you think that anyone will be awake at this hour to answer them.’
‘They’ll need to be, if they’re going to be where I need them by sunrise.’
Both of the men from the Home Office smiled at this, as it was proof that the matter would be deal with quickly.
‘There is a phone in a cubby along the hallway there,’ said the Lord as Underwood left.
The first number was one known off by heart. And she would always answer.

The phone on the boarding house top landing clanged like a call to raise the dead. Clodagh woke with full alertness, and knew it would be for her.
As did her boarding mates. As she went out to the landing, some had already opened their doors, but none had gone to answer it.
‘Who’s calling at this time of night?’ hollered someone still in bed.
‘That’s what happens when you're dating a policeman,’ joked another within Clodagh’s earshot. As she approached the handset, the other doors closed, but only to a crack.
‘Jake! You don’t know how much I’ve wanted to speak to you.’
‘Or me to you.’
‘I have so much to catch you up on. The case has moved on. I’ve learned so much about what was going on in the agency…’
‘Keep it down,’ called a female voice along the landing.
She did lower her voice, as the others went back to bed,
‘Look, I can’t talk for long. Where are you, Jake? I was trying to reach you all afternoon.’
‘In a big house somewhere in Essex,’ he said, ‘but that’s another story. I’ll fill you in later. Talking of which, how do you fancy a night drive to the East Coast?’
‘Of course! Oh, Jake. You knew I was feeling left out.’
Even in her sleepy state, she realised that she was being offered an olive branch, and in the only way he knew how – a work opportunity. She wanted to giggle, but managed to act sensibly.
‘Where are the others?’ he asked.
‘Gull took Oliver back to Cardow this evening. Bowden’s spending a second night at his Mum’s. He says he hasn’t seen her since Christmas.’
Underwood considered, ‘Fine, let him sleep then. We’ll leave a message for him at the Station. Peacock’s with me, so I’ll see you in an hour?’
‘Great, I’ll wait in the cafe by the taxi rank? And do you want me uniformed or not?’
‘Definitely not. And pack a bag for a couple of days.’
‘Wilco.’
Clodagh was on Cloud Nine as she replaced the handset.
‘I hope you’re not going make a habit of this,’ chided the landlady from downstairs.
Clodagh closed the door behind her, and sighed.

Underwood’s second call was simpler and direct,
‘Gull,’ he barked down the line when the old officer answered. ‘I’m gathering the tribe to meet at the Station House, for as soon as you can be ready and your sister can be up to make us breakfast.’
‘Well, that can be any time from now, sir. She and I are at your service night and day, for a case such as this one.’
‘Well, that is very kind of you both. Please tell her thank you.’
‘Very good, sir.’
‘Though you’ve time to catch a nap before you get your trousers on, as even Peacock on empty roads won’t get there any sooner.’
‘Peacock? So, all is well between you?’
‘Never better.’
‘I’m glad to hear it, sir.’

Underwood left the phone nook, to find Lord Tripping standing at the open front door of the big house. He had a brandy glass in one hand and a cigar in the other.
‘Havana?’ he offered Underwood, as he joined him.
‘They’re no good for my chest,’ he answered.
‘Nor mine, probably.’ The Lord was looking idly outwards, along the drive and through the iron gates to the silent road beyond.
‘You won’t see anything out there at this time of night,’ observed Underwood.
‘Oh, you’d be surprised,’ answered the Lord. ‘One of those pop stars moved into the area just lately. You wouldn’t credit the hours he keeps. More than once, when I couldn’t sleep, I’ve stood here with a brandy and a Havana to collect my thoughts, and seen their Bentley go past. You can’t miss it – it’s painted in every colour of the rainbow.’
‘Extraordinary.’
‘Money to burn, Inspector. Money to burn.’ Lord Tripping turned his gaze inside toward the study door, saying, ‘I think your man needed the rest. You might have trouble waking him.’
‘Thank you, sir,’ said Underwood, turning to go inside.
‘Don’t disappoint me, Inspector.’
‘I won’t,’ he answered. Though he had no way of proving that.

Peacock proved a light sleeper, and was back to his usual self after only a quick cup of tea. ‘They fed me very well,’ he confirmed once they were underway. The journey back followed a very different route, this time travelling via London. Firstly, to an all-night petrol station Peacock knew of, to fill up the car, then on to the Southwark cafe where Clodagh was waiting,
‘It’s nice to see you out of those black drapes,’ joked Peacock as she clambered in in jeans and an Arran sweater. Underwood jumped out to use the cafe’s telephone, leaving a message for Bowden at Thameside Station switchboard, which would be waiting when he came into work a few hours later. He put a coin on the bar for the use of the phone, then went out to join the others. All but Peacock slept the journey through.
Chapter 62 – Kitchen Council


Gull, Miss Gull and Oliver were already on their second brew of the morning when the second trio arrived.
‘Breakfast then?’ asked Miss Gull. ‘All for everyone?’ And everyone nodded.
‘This is superb,’ said the Inspector a short while later, washing down sausage, beans and bacon with a second cup of sugary tea.
‘She does look after me,’ said Gull. The five were sitting round the Station House kitchen table.
‘I’ll come back for the washing later,’ said Miss Gull, leaving them to it.
‘You get yourself a lie in,’ said her brother, ‘you’ve earned it.’ And all concurred.
The table was a grand old thing, formed of rough-hewn timber, and the focus of the kitchen. Oliver was on a fifth chair brought in from the office and placed at the end. All five had police notebooks open at their right hands.
‘Right,’ began Underwood. ‘I didn’t want to say too much in the car. I wanted us all to be here – Bowden won’t be with us till later, that can’t be helped, but he should still be here in good time. We were too dispersed yesterday – perhaps necessarily so – but we need to consolidate to make the most of our day. Now, we talk until you’ve heard all of my news, and I have heard all of yours.’
He flipped the pages of his notebook as he ran through his narrative for the benefit of all those at the table; going back through everything since Peacock left for his day in Yarmouth,
‘So, yesterday, one murder became two. Different women, different lives, different methods. They had one thing in common, though.’
‘Alice Grey paid for the Girl in the Field’s dress,’ stated Clodagh to confirm for all present. ‘The shop records show this.’
‘Indeed, it’s clear that Alice knew the girl, when I remember how she offered to take on the task of asking at the dress shop – a task she intended to leave the country before she had time to complete. I was taken in, she fooled me. Mea culpa.’
‘It was a perplexing day,’ said Peacock.
‘It certainly was,’ agreed the Inspector. ‘Though we remained undaunted, and made further discoveries. No less so than Constable Oliver here, who, in his sterling work, caught a man trying to break into Alice Grey’s apartment shortly after we ourselves had been there.’
All clapped, and Oliver went bright red. Underwood turned to Clodagh, who took over,
‘The man admitted under caution to being a “Samuel Asquith”, first name probably real, second name possibly not. He admitted to being Alice Grey’s business partner in Swift Fingers Typographical Agency; and, less happily, of being the one who selected a “certain type of girl” for their Cardow Office, servicing a contract for the radio station there.’
‘“Servicing” perhaps being the operative word,’ said Gull, to general amusement.
‘Ahem,’ she resumed, ‘these girls were certainly doing more than answering fan mail.’
Underwood jumped in,
‘Now, we were lucky to get a chance to talk to this Asquith before Vice jumped in. They were champing at the bit, which led me to suspect that this was more than a few girls pulling party tricks out on the East Coast. So, I tapped into one of my Soho sources…’ (There were raised eyebrows at the phrase.) ‘…and learnt of general disquiet in the London drugs scene.’
‘And trust me, ‘added Clodagh, ‘if you'd have seen how keen Inspector Kenneally was to talk to him, then you’d have known that something was up.’
Underwood poured another cup of tea, and resumed the narrative,
‘With all that on my mind, I couldn’t sleep that night.’ (Clodagh gave him a veiled look.) ‘I went back to some of the locations we’d visited earlier that day, and found Alice Grey’s sister sitting on the bed in her empty apartment.’
The table jolted at this news. Even Clodagh hadn’t been told of the exact circumstances of Trudie Smith’s first interview.
‘I couldn’t leave her alone like that,’ continued the Inspector, ‘so I took her to dinner. This was unprofessional, perhaps, but I knew she would have so much to tell me. And she did:
‘I learnt that Alice Grey and “Sammy” Asquith met in Morocco, on the Beatnik Trail. Alice had left home after a small-town scandal in her early life. From her sister, I got the sense of someone lost, someone with flawed judgement, but who was desperate for a chance to start again with something new.’
The table sat silently a moment, recognising the sadness to this last line.
‘As for Asquith, I was left with the impression of someone ambitious, keen to make something of himself. And perhaps while he was out in Morocco “finding himself”, he formed a plan that might involve whatever they were smoking out on the North African coast?’
‘We interviewed Trudie Smith yesterday,’ said Clodagh. ‘I asked her if there had been any man in London who her sister had been scared of. She told me a strange tale of a double-date she and Alice went on, with Asquith and a friend of his. The friend was a rich man, the kind who are too rich to need to care; you know? He was long-haired and wore African clothes, so he might have been out there with them. Trudy says he could be charming, or downright cold. Alice was scared of him, she reckoned.’
‘What was his name?’ asked Underwood, suddenly alert.
‘She couldn’t remember, only that it sounded something like Saville Row where Asquith bought his suits.’
Underwood looked to Peacock, who said in unison,
‘Alex de Sayle!’
Chapter 63 – Broken Party


‘Where did you get that name from?’ Clodagh asked the Inspector.
‘I was told it by the Home Office,’ reported Underwood, ‘when I asked about who owned Radio Claude. Though I sense that that is only the beginning of his empire. Peacock, you’re among friends. You can tell them what you told me.’
‘Very well then,’ began the Sergeant sheepishly, though no less bright eyed. ‘The long and short of it is, that for the past six weeks I’ve been working “off the books” looking for a girl called Jacqueline Severin. She is the daughter of… an influential man in London, and I was asked to help him to find her. Alex de Sayle is the man her father thinks she ran away with.’
Gull had shuddered at the missing girl’s surname. Now he asked,
‘“Severin”? Look, son, what you do “on the side” is one thing; but getting in with someone like that…? You may think me out of circulation down here on my quiet coast, but I trod those city streets myself at one time, and I still have friends down there. If Carlo Severin’s involved, then every one of us take care.’
‘And did you find them?’ asked Clodagh. ‘Jacqueline and de Sayle?’
‘No,’ answered Peacock, his bright eyes dimming only momentarily, ‘but I’ve been up and down the coast like a madman trying. I think de Sayle’s as wary of Carlo Severin as you are, Gull. He must have been living somewhere in the county recently, to still be in contact with his radio station; but they haven’t stayed anywhere long enough for me to catch up with them. And he hasn’t been seen at the big house.’
‘The “big house”?’ asked Underwood.
‘Cardow Hall, sir,’ answered Oliver, matter-of-factly.
‘What?’ asked Underwood, turning to face the junior detective, ‘that place we visited? With the old man dying upstairs?’
‘That’s the family home, sir. De Sayle is the family name. “Lord Cardow” is just his Lordship’s title. We did an essay on them in school.’
‘Why didn’t you say so before?’
‘Because you didn’t mention the family name until five minutes ago, sir. Apologies for speaking bluntly.’
All stared at Oliver.
‘So how many de Sayles are there?’ asked Underwood.
‘Only father and son now,’ confirmed Gull.
‘Oliver, I could kiss you,’ said Underwood. ‘But where the bloody hell does this leave us?’
Gull amazed them all by summing up,
‘Well, it means, sir, that the dread of Alice Grey, the best friend of Sammy Asquith, the heir of Cardow Hall, and the owner of that blessed pirate boat are all one person. There, that’s said it. Now, who’s for more tea?’

The party broke up into different corners of the room. Peacock and Oliver were by the sink doing the washing-up as a surprise for Miss Gull. Gull himself was at the door answering a routine query from a neighbour. While Underwood and Clodagh sat leaning forward in armchairs by the fire, pondering hard.
‘Trudie Smith had bought an airline ticket for Alice,’ said Underwood, ‘to give to her the night she died. But Trudie couldn’t make it to their meeting place in time… so Alice then must then have had no choice but to go right on to London.’
‘Or someone else was waiting for her at Stratford Station,’ supposed Clodagh.
‘Or Liverpool Street Station?’
‘Or London Airport?’
‘Whatever,’ he concluded, ‘we know she didn’t get away.’
‘But what did she go into the capital for at all,’ asked Clodagh, ‘if there was this man she was so scared of?’
‘I can’t tell you how I know this,’ said Underwood, ‘but it was Asquith who booked out the Apple Tree.’
Clodagh gave him a look, but wouldn’t question his sources. Instead she asked,
‘Them, maybe he wasn’t such a friend after all?’
Neither of them had an answer. She listened as he rumbled on,
‘I still can’t make it all fit, though. We have Alice Grey and Asquith, whose story gets murkier by the hour. And they knew de Sayle, who I have on good authority will stoop to any level to get what he wants.’
‘That’s three candidates for the first murder,’ she speculated. ‘Though, compared to the second victim, the Girl in the Field seemed to have barely had a hand laid on her.’
‘You’re right,’ he said. ‘Compared to Alice Grey, the girl could have been accidental. And it’s only her ending up at that dump point that’s bizarre.’
Clodagh risked speculating herself,
‘If the first death was accidental, then could it have been Miss Grey?’
Underwood shook his head,
‘No. And that’s not just sentiment – I was talking with Alice mere hours after the girl was found. She was standing in the crowd watching her being taken away. Alice might have had the self-preservation to pretend she didn’t know the girl when I asked her, but surely not the stomach to have stood there after watching her die.’
‘So, it was one of the other two?’
‘Possibly,’ he mused. ‘But we’ve no evidence that Asquith was in Cardow around that time – and wouldn’t he have stood out a mile in his shiny suits? And, as for his posh buddy: well, if there’s one thing we know about de Sayle, it’s that Peacock hadn’t seen him in the area for weeks.’
‘So, what about the second murder?’ asked Clodagh. ‘You’ve told us Asquith had booked Alice’s final meeting place.’
‘But, as you say, hadn’t he been her best friend?’ asked Underwood. ‘And as for de Sayle… do aristocrats ever do their own dirty work?’
‘So, where does that leave us?’ she asked.
‘It leaves me with a thought and a question.’
‘Which are?’
‘The thought: that it’s too much of a coincidence that someone wanted by the Vice Squad just happens to have a friend who owns a boat moored offshore. And the question: well, that concerns the missing daughter. And I think I have to ask that of her father.’
Chapter 64 – Memo from Severin


Underwood got up and said to Peacock, quietly,
‘If I needed to see someone, would you take me?’

Not long after, in sombre silence, he followed Peacock to his car and got in.
At first, the driver followed the same local roads they’d all come to know those past few days, before turning off into the countryside outside of Norwich, and guiding the Zephyr along further lanes and narrow, unmarked tracks.
‘These roads are impossible!’ said Underwood, as endless hedgerows flew by inches from each side of the car. ‘How would anyone know where they were going?’
‘They took the signposts down in the War,’ answered Peacock cheerily, ‘in case the Germans landed. They haven’t got around to putting them back up.’
Morning was still young, as the car sped through the tight turns. But Underwood knew that Peacock would have taken them just as speedily were it night-time and the sky as black as pitch. His driving wasn’t only smooth or accurate, it was supernatural; a pre-emptive knowledge of what was just around each blind bend. The Inspector felt entirely secure in the passenger seat, enough to sit back and admire the display, as he might an athlete on the circuit.
Peacock spoke quietly then,
‘Sir, you can’t go off like a grenade when we get there. Whatever you think of the situation I got myself into with this man, my fate depends on him, at least for the duration of this case.’
Underwood nodded his agreement, as Peacock went on,
‘Also, if there’s one thing I’ve come to know of Severin, it’s that he always speaks the truth. We might not like his truth, but he never sugar-coats it or pretends that he doesn’t do the bad stuff.’
‘Understood.’
‘I’m only saying,’ added Peacock, ‘that you have to honour what you hear.’
‘Okay, okay.’
He pulled the car onto a long, hedge-lined drive.
‘And this is what we’ve been reduced to,’ muttered Underwood. ‘Just great.’
He was furious before he even set foot on Severin’s land.

The householder had evidently heard the car approach. Underwood saw the big man standing in the doorway of the morning-lit manor house. It was almost as nice as the country pile he’d visited the night before. Almost. The drive rose steeply to meet the front porch, on what must have been the only hill in the county.
‘Inspector!’ bellowed Carlo Severin, standing at the open door. ‘This is an honour. Won’t you come in?’
Underwood looked up to see a middle-aged, portly figure of considerable height. Even on what looked to be a quiet morning indoors, he was wearing chequered trousers as if for a shooting party, a knotted cricketing jumper, and around his neck a silk cravat. They were all rich man’s clothes, put together by a man who didn’t know the rules, who hadn’t grown up wearing them. He had made his own money, and in his own way. For how else could a man raised in the world of lock-up garages come to be living in such a house?
Underwood couldn’t pigeonhole Severin – which annoyed him, as he liked to size people up immediately. Maybe it was the reverberations of Peacock’s speech the day before, still throwing him off kilter and affecting his judgement.
‘Normally I’d offer you something stronger,’ said Severin, as they entered the house, ‘but it’s around this time of day I make my first brew. And, as any tea drinker knows, the first cup always goes down the best of all.’
He shut the door behind then – there were no servants or flunkeys there. He made the tea in three separate mugs, no teapot involved – ‘How we make it in the garage,’ he chuckled.
With a huge mug pressed into each of their hands, the two policemen followed Severin into the lounge.
‘Now, Inspector,’ said their host, ‘I’m guessing if our young Alistair has brought you here, then he has told you all about our work out East?’
Underwood realised he’d never heard Peacock’s first name before. He nodded.
‘Good. And I hope it doesn’t ruffle too many feathers if I tell you that he’s told me the gist of your own efforts in this part of the country?’
Underwood shook his head slowly, and sipped his tea.
‘Therefore,’ said Severin with a wicked grin, ‘might I venture to make two suggestions?’
‘Go on,’ agreed Underwood, playing his part in the performance.
Severin was bursting,
‘Very well. Firstly, that the sharing of the fruits of our different efforts might be mutually advantageous.’ (Underwood gave the smallest nod.) ‘And secondly – most emphatically – that anything said in this room goes no further.’
Peacock looked eagerly to Underwood, who gave another nod. The seal was set, and Severin could speak. They were to learn he was a man with a lot to say…
Chapter 65 – The Moroccan Star


‘Settle in then, Inspector,’ began Carlo Severin as they gathered on armchairs around the coffee table. ‘Keep a tight hold of your drink, as I have a little story to tell you.’
And so the tale began,
‘It was two years ago, the summer before last, when it all started. I heard a rumour, on my travels around our fair capital, that a new establishment had opened up. A cafe, I was told, and right on the edge of my neighbourhood, shall we say?
‘Now, I couldn’t leave it just like that, Inspector, I’m sure you appreciate. A new venue, on my patch, of which I knew nothing at all?’ He shook his head mournfully. ‘I had to learn how the land lay. So, I asked a friend of mine who worked out that way to head on down there one afternoon, all subtle-like, just to have a look around.
‘Well, what he said to me the next time we met nearly had me falling off my chair. I was told that this new location was not like the regular London pubs and clubs we know and love, Inspector, but rather as like something from the Beatnik Trail – there were mosaics across the ceiling, and all these glass and bead things hanging behind the counter!
‘It was only a little place, I was told, selling Cokes and cake: it didn’t even have an alcohol licence. Bands played there, little boys with guitars, it was nothing. I laughed it off. I didn’t think these kids knew what they were doing, opening a club in my area without “following the rules”. I don’t think they even knew that there were any rules. But rules there were…’ He thumped the coffee table in time to those last three words, then asked,
‘What is that wonderful old word, Inspector?’
‘Fealty?’
‘Yes, fealty! I don’t ask very much of my common man, Inspector. But when it comes to my patch…
‘So, I sent my man back there, to properly clock the place this time, to see how it ticked. And not to do so so subtly this time. After all, if the situation isn’t understood by all parties right from the start, then all kinds of misunderstandings could occur. Am I right?
‘Again, though, the hints were not recognised. I imagined that they had no backbone, Inspector, that they were dreamers, they didn’t have the running of things. They didn’t see the risks… or so I thought.
‘Now, something had to be done. I didn’t want to go in heavy – I’m not that kind of guy. But my men were getting nowhere, so I thought I’d try a different tack. My girl Jacqueline was the same age as the kids in there, and she had her head screwed on. So, I gave her a few bob and sent her and her friends over there one evening. “Have a laugh, have a Coke, have a dance, chat to staff a little. Don’t let on!”’
‘She was a spy?’ asked Underwood.
‘And a bloody good one! The girls came back to say there was hashish being sold beneath the counter.’ Severin launched himself back in his chair for emphasis, ‘Now, we had a problem.’
‘What did you do?’ asked Underwood.
He smiled, ‘I made my very worst decision. I sent her right back in there. My Jacquie – she’d learnt more in one night that my men had in weeks. I told her, “A year’s allowance for doing exactly what you did in there, every night for a week.”’
‘And did she?’
‘Did she, by gum! She became a regular, knew every waiter and waitress, even chatted with the owners.’
Severin shook his head, as though still working the story out in his mind,
‘I listened to her reports every morning over breakfast, and pieced it together, bit by bit. It seemed that the cafe was being managed by a very new kind of young entrepreneur. These were rich kids, toffs, not working folk like you or me, Inspector. You see, I learnt that they’d come home to London from some kind of jaunt across the Sahara, or wherever the hell people go on these things. They were all as high as a kite over there, in their Bedouin tents and their ashrams. And they thought to themselves, why can’t we have a place like that in London?
‘Imagine it, Inspector! The innocence of it! Their eyes had been opened! No longer were their visions limited by the grey skies of England! They had seen the light, and the light had flooded in!’
Severin was in his element now, thought Underwood. His eyes were as alive as his speaking, with his hands elaborating the story with rich gestures.
‘And so you see, this small group of new world travellers, came home and – as happy as Larry – opened up their dreamed-of cafe: the Moroccan Star, it was called, if memory serves. And they bought their hashish back with them by the bag-load!
‘Only…’ and at this point his tone went serious, ‘they sidestepped the old order of things, Inspector. They paid no respect to the existing establishments. Establishments who had been supplying our city’s needs in that department for many years long standing.
‘Anyway, word came back from Jacquie of one particular fellow among this happy travelling band, who appeared to be more equal than the others, if you know what I mean. Well, if the rest of those merry play pals couldn’t see a wolf when it was sat on their doorstep, this fellow had the opposite problem – he seemed too cocky, he imagined he could take the wolf on. A whole pack of wolves!’
All three men in the room sat back, recognising the importance of what was about to come. Underwood looked to Peacock, who must have been used to sharing such stories over mugs of tea with the London hardcase, for he hardly seemed perturbed by where this tale was headed. Underwood, however, had a sense of what this man could be capable of. Severin continued,
‘And so, with all this new information, I found myself experiencing a change of heart. At first, I thought they couldn’t have been making very much money at all. Now, I guessed that this leader of theirs must be raking it in. Now, it was different. And so, I changed my plan – I didn’t want to take them out, I wanted to take them over.
Chapter 66 – The Ballad of Jacquie and Alex


‘Don’t you worry, Inspector,’ resumed Carlo Severin. ‘We went in civil. We met with the fellow – de Sayle, his name was – the first time I’d set eyes on him, beard and skirts and all. And I made him my offer, a very reasonable one too. And he said no.’
‘No?’ asked Underwood.
‘No,’ repeated Severin. ‘So, we kept asking, less nicely. And we staked-out the coffee bar. Well, what can I tell you? The kids kept coming, guzzling their Cokes. We beat up two of them, boys from very good homes, I could tell as they screamed. We smashed the cafe windows – they were back up the next day. Which is instructive, don’t you think? These shoestring places couldn’t get a glazier in at that short notice, not without a ton of ready cash.’
Severin paused and regrouped,
‘This had gotten important to me. This place was occupying my thoughts, Inspector. I couldn’t focus on anything else. I needed information on de Sayle. So, I hired a private dick. He found out that the deeds of their building were signed under two names: de Sayle, and a Samuel Asquith. Now, this “Asquith” I’d met at our first meeting to make our offer. With his shiny suit and the voice of a bricklayer – I’d seen right through him.
‘De Sayle though. Well, I would come to know him very well soon enough. But back then, the only fact I needed to hear from our investigator was that he was loaded, from an old family with an old house and money to burn…’
Underwood watched Severin’s expression sink. Suddenly, he saw the face his enemies would see, the face that smashed up pubs and smashed up people. The joy was gone from Carlo’s features as he finished the story,
‘I knew it then – that no amount of money would buy him. And yet, as long as I stood back, that cafe would run and run, right on my patch, and I would never see a farthing from it. And that just wasn’t on.’
‘I can imagine.’ Underwood went queasy at what he was about to hear.
‘Action had to be taken.’
‘What happened to the cafe?’
‘We burned it. Top to bottom. Not a soul in there though – you fellows know me better than that.’
‘I remember it,’ said Underwood. ‘A fire, a couple of years ago. The place was gutted. There wasn’t a clue left of what had been going on there before the blaze.’
All three men shared a moment.
Underwood asked out loud, ‘Was there a time when news like that would shock us?’
‘If there ever was a time,’ answered Severin, ‘then it is long gone, Inspector.’
Severin swigged down the dregs of his mug, and placed it down on the coffee table, which was a varnished cross-section of a hundreds-of-years-old tree. He beckoned his illustrious guest,
‘Inspector, if you’re finished, will you join me for a stroll around the rose beds?’

‘Alistair said you were good to hear the rest of this tale,’ said Severin, as he and Underwood moseyed around the dawn-lit lawn. Spiders’ webs still glistened and trees shook as early-rising birds launched from their branches.
‘I’m good,’ he confirmed.
‘And I was glad you came. I’d heard a whisper that you were Dennick’s man.’
‘I’m nobody’s man.’ Underwood bristled; and Severin laughed,
‘We’re all somebody’s, unless we stand alone. That’s the hardest of all though, isn’t it?’
They went on walking. Severin added,
‘Don’t worry, Inspector, I’m playing you up. I could see you weren’t anyone’s fool the moment you came up the drive. It’s that suit, I think. It looks like the one they gave me when I finished my National Service. You don’t mess a man around in a suit like that. You have bearing,’ he continued. ‘As for Dennick, I bet that old pantomime dame’s half-terrified of you. He’s always had a problem with excessive masculinity… oddly enough.’
‘Time presses,’ muttered Underwood.
‘Indeed it does,’ noted Severin. ‘And so we push on… don’t worry, Alistair’s already heard all this. He’s probably grabbing forty winks on the sofa as we speak. He hasn’t slept properly for weeks, you know.’
‘Ahem.’
‘Ahem. So… that was the last I heard of Alex de Sayle for nearly two years. I kept tabs on him, of course. I heard he went back East, got in on the pirate radio boom – a canny move. Have you heard the advertising revenue those guys make? The Moroccan Star stayed closed though, and Asquith stayed low – me giving a quiet nod to the Vice Squad helped in that regard,’ and Severin winked a wink Underwood hoped never to have to see again.
‘And everyone lived happily ever after… until six weeks ago, when my daughter came of age and vanished on her birthday night.’
‘The birthday party?’ remembered Underwood.
‘Ah, so Alistair’s filled you in on that sorry episode? Then you know what happened. She did a bunk at midnight, though I didn’t know that at the time. I thought she’d been carried off by some lout she knew. I grilled every one of her friends at that party, they all pleaded innocence; until the wife broke her secret and told me Jacqueline had been seeing someone on the sly. A confident man, a rich man, with flowing hair and beard, and African fashions, I was told. A man who rose above the common ways of life and didn’t give a damn.
‘And it was all my own fault, Inspector. There’s no point getting angry with anyone else. I as good as introduced her to him. I sent Jacqueline in there, I asked her to get to know the staff, the owners. Only, I didn’t know that she’d been going back to him ever since!
‘But I remained undaunted. I knew I’d have to track them down. My investigator told me all he knew about the radio station; but I needed a man on the ground. And that is where your clever Sergeant came in; and why I came up here myself to keep tabs on him as he tried to find her… and her man.’
‘And what if she chooses to stick with de Sayle?’ asked Underwood.
‘Oh, I have no doubt that she might. She’s a very stubborn girl.’
‘And what it they’ve married?’
Severin stopped still, and said simply,
‘Then he’s as trapped in all this as I am. And you know what that means, Inspector? Leverage!’
The Lock-up King of Soho smiled again, and changed tack,
‘Now, that’s my story, Inspector; and I don’t think there’s much of yours that I don’t already know. So, are we going to talk about how we’re going to do this?’
Chapter 67 – The Garden


The men had stopped walking now, and were facing each other at the foot of the garden.
‘I understand your fear, Inspector,’ began Severin. ‘But let me reassure you that those worries are unfounded. From my side of things, it doesn’t have to be an after-dark job. I only want my Jacqueline back; and you can do what you want with Alex de Sayle.’
Underwood risked upsetting the man to tell him the truth,
‘I’ll be honest,’ he began, ‘we don’t fancy him for either murder, at least not directly. He’s a General, not a foot-soldier. And you will know as well as I do, that proving those kinds of links up the chain can be impossible.’
Severin, who in his own organisation was very much at the top of ‘the chain’, allowed himself a wry smile, before continuing in serious tones,
‘Allow me to summarise, Inspector: you worry I’ll be disappointed if I leave de Sayle to your tender mercies, and then he walks away with little more than a slap on the wrist. Right? But that isn’t my thinking.’
‘Then what is your thinking?’ asked Underwood. ‘Are you telling me you won’t want revenge?’
‘Oh, I’ll have my piece of Alex de Sayle, don’t you worry, Inspector. But it almost suits my purposes to have him go free. You see, the moment he leaves court and hits the streets, I’ll be paying him a visit. And I’ll make him a very friendly offer. It will be for ten percent of whatever he does next, held in perpetuity. Or, in other words, until either one of us drops dead!’
Underwood looked to the heavens,
‘And you really want to be tied in with this guy?’
‘How much do you think that radio station makes? It’s clearly where the money is. Those listeners are our customers. And if his brand of pirate pop music is what those crazy kids have chosen, then I have to make the most of it.’ He held out a hand, ‘You’ll take him then? Within the next few days?’
Underwood held out his own hand and they shook.
The two men went back up to the house, knocking first on the front door to rouse Peacock. Underwood turned on the front steps to see the view laid out before them, with its patchwork quilt of farmers’ fields stretching out to where the horizon blurred with the sky. With a low sun burning off the early mist, the city-bound Inspector could see the appeal of the country life.
‘It’s stunning,’ he said.
‘The first time I came to see this house,’ said Severin, ‘it was to have a talk with its former owner about monies owed. Our “discussion” lasted all night, as it happened, and as I left, I came out onto this step, just at this same time of day, in fact – and I wasn’t sure that I’d ever seen a more beautiful view.’ He sniggered to himself, before sharing the joke, ‘Right at that moment, I hoped that he would never be able to repay me – and, thank God, he never did!’
Underwood cringed inside. Though Severin was becoming philosophical,
‘It’s easy to lose sight of all this,’ he gestured to the view, ‘with all the city smoke around us. It makes a man forget what he’s fighting for. Eh?’
Underwood wasn’t sure what fight Severin could be talking of, perhaps a throwback to the Second War? Hadn’t he mentioned demob suits at one point? Had he himself fought? Underwood wasn’t sure, but they weren’t there to talk about the past. He remembered he had a message to pass on,
‘I did see Harry Dennick recently, as it happens.’
‘Of course,’ considered Severin, ‘the Apple Tree isn’t far from his casino. He must have been shaking in his slippers.’
‘He noted your extended leave from London,’ said Underwood. ‘He was worried for your corners.’
‘I’m sure he was. Well, I invite him to test those corners, and he’ll find that my lieutenants are covering them diligently.’
Peacock burst out of the house at that point.
‘Here he is,’ called Severin, ‘Sleeping Beauty! Have you got your wits about you, lad? I don’t want you crashing that big car of yours, and leaving our Inspector here with a concussion, not when he has such important work to do this weekend.’
He turned to Underwood,
‘I’ll leave Alistair here to fill you in on the specifics on your drive back. I have a couple of urgent calls I need to make myself. Well, goodbye Inspector. It was a pleasure to finally talk properly. Godspeed!’
Underwood nodded his goodbyes and got into the car.

There was a coda to the meeting:
Just as Peacock had reversed them down to the road, and was turning at the boundary hedge, Severin bellowed out across the drive,
‘And when you do find de Sayle and his outfit, tell Johnny Nobody I said hello!’

The pair hurried on to Cardow.
‘“Johnny Nobody” – who’s that?’ asked Peacock as he drove.
‘That’s a name I haven’t heard in a while,’ answered Underwood. ‘Johnny Nobody, Severin’s one-time chief enforcer, nose-breaker and coin-extractor from recalcitrant debtors. So named because when we asked his victims, “Who did this?” they always knew to answer, “Nobody”.’
‘He doesn’t sound like someone you’d want to meet on a dark night,’ considered Peacock.
‘I’ve never met him full-stop,’ said Underwood. ‘At times I wondered whether he was a myth, a bogeyman to blame for every unsolved crime from Oxford Circus to the Tottenham Court Road.’
The Inspector was newly agitated. He’d been thrown along a brand-new line of thought, and he didn’t like the confusion. He shook his head,
‘Just as I hoped that things were going to start making sense soon, we get a name like this lobbed into the mix. If Johnny Nobody really is involved, then this is the kind of villain who sees twenty years in chokey as an occupational hazard. And now somehow, Alex de Sayle, an upper-class pipsqueak with only a sinking boat to his name, has lured him to join him? Is that what Severin meant? What the hell has this rich kid been up to?’
He asked his questions to the country lanes as they drove along them. Though the birds sang their chorus in the trees, and didn’t answer.
Chapter 68 – London Bulletin


Underwood buried himself in thoughts; while Peacock kept his head down and drove.
‘He has a way of cutting to the chase, doesn’t he?’ the Sergeant asked, talking of Carlo Severin.
‘Oh, you learn more from one honest conversation with a criminal than from a dozen meetings with the Chief Constable,’ noted Underwood. ‘Though, for some reason, the criminals don’t enjoy talking to us.’
Peacock smiled at the joke.

They got back to the Station House to find another black car outside. They entered to find Bowden catching up on tea and bacon baps. Gull and Clodagh were sat with him at the kitchen table. Peacock joined them; though before Underwood could sit down too, Gull rose and said,
‘You’ve had a phone call.’
Gull spoke in such a tone that Underwood felt he was being told off.
‘Was it from someone you don’t want me to be friends with, Gull?’ he tried to joke. Though Gull only shoved the phone memo into his hand, muttering,
‘I’d prefer it if you didn’t busy my line with calls like this.’

Underwood went off to discover who had called him. Though in his heart, he knew even before he closed the office door and made the return call.
‘I hope that’s you, Inspector,’ announced the person at the other end of the line.
‘Morning, Harry.’
‘You give me “Good morning”?’ asked Dennick. ‘In my line of work this is still the middle of the night. But needs must, when the Devil drives.’
Underwood rolled his eyes, dreading the conversation ahead. But Dennick soon came to the point,
‘Anyway, after our last talk, and following the shocking events of recent days, I considered it prudent to keep in touch with you and your investigation. So, how goes it, Jake?’
Underwood gathered himself to answer,
‘My gut instinct? We’ll have it done in two days.’
‘But no names yet?’
‘No, but new leads keep coming.’
‘I must admit,’ lamented the old gangster, I’ve been disappointed with the lack of headway made. Last night’s Evening Standard made for dismal reading, Jake.’
‘Well, we can’t give everything we have to the papers.’
‘Hence my wish to hear it straight from the horse’s mouth. Alas, the horse will not neigh.’
‘Well, how about this for a neigh? Johnny Nobody.’
Dennick shuddered down the line,
‘Don’t make a man hear a name like that in his own bedchamber, Inspector. And what brings that ghoul back to mind?’
‘I bumped into your friend, Carlo.’
‘I thought you might. Well, as long as he’s keeping that animal on a leash.’
‘That’s just it,’ pondered Underwood. ‘I don’t think he is. In fact, Severin seemed to be suggesting that Johnny Nobody is mixed up with the crowd who tried to muscle in on his territory a couple of years ago.’
‘And don’t you forget who tipped you off about that,’ recalled Dennick.
‘Ah yes,’ remembered Underwood, ‘you mean “that business with the beatnik kids”… that turned out to be a drugs war and a premises being razed to the ground?’
‘Yes, well. I couldn’t give it to you chapter and verse, now, could I? You had to earn your corn.’
‘Well, it turns out the fellow behind the Moroccan Star might have proven rather more enduring than his hash cafe.’
‘Well, well,’ considered Dennick. ‘That might be the last thing any of us need.’
‘It just might.’
‘Keep me informed, Jake.’
‘“Goodnight” Harry.’
‘Goodnight to you as well!’
Just before Dennick put the phone down, though, Underwood bellowed along the line,
‘And stay away from his corners – they’re loaded!’
The Inspector virtually threw the handset back on the hook.
‘Is there no rest for the wicked?’ he asked the empty room. The call made one thing clear though – for all their breakthroughs, he still had no name for either death.
Chapter 69 – The Final Plan


With fresh tea being poured, Underwood could finally join the others at the kitchen table.
Clodagh looked up to him as he appeared in the room,
‘Hurry up, sir. Sergeant Peacock has been telling us all about this pirate boat.’
He sat down and asked Peacock,
‘Yes, what did Severin say you had to “fill me in on”?’
‘Well,’ answered Peacock, ‘it’s been six weeks now that I’ve been tracking the area. De Sayle hasn’t been living at Cardow Hall in all that time, not since running off with Jacqueline Severin, and he has no other property in his name. Nor has he been seen at any branch of Swift Fingers – I’ve been asking the girls on the sly.
‘In short, de Sayle appears to have no fixed point of return. Yet, how can this be when he has a business to run? So, I focussed on the thing he would have to keep an eye on – namely, running Radio Claude. I turned my attention to the boat.’
‘Tell him the theory,’ urged Clodagh.
‘Tell me what theory?’ asked Underwood.
Peacock got his breath back before sharing,
‘Severin has a pet theory: that Alex and Jacqueline have been living on the boat this whole time.’
‘But you don’t buy it?’ asked Underwood.
‘Well, do you?’
Underwood pondered, ‘Living out in the North Sea in a Wartime boat? That’s hardly the life Jacqueline Severin must have dreamt of when she hooked up with an aristocrat.’
Bowden chipped in,
‘He has the whole of England to be hiding out in, and the money to tip any hotel owner to look the other way. He doesn’t need a boat.’
‘Agreed,’ muttered Gull.
Underwood asked, ‘Then, why was Severin so keen for you to tell me all about it?’
‘Because that’s his pet-theory.’ Peacock took on the bearing of a man pained by another’s idea. ‘He wouldn’t hear sense. And the longer that I couldn’t find the pair on land, the more convinced he became. I kept telling him, “Imagine how dank an old iron boat is going to be. Can you imagine him – or your Jacqueline! – living onboard for six weeks?”’
‘So, what happened next?’ asked Oliver, as though being told an adventure story.
‘I thought, “Surely he’s still running his main business asset somehow?”’ remembered Peacock. ‘So I went to take a look.’
‘I take it you didn’t actually go to sea?’ joked Clodagh.
Peacock laughed, ‘No, but I knew that there was only one way on or off the boat. I staked out Cardow Harbour for weeks, and formed a pretty good pattern of everyone and everything coming on or off the Claude Monet.’
‘But still no luck in your hunt?’ asked Underwood.
The younger man shook his head and explained,
‘I saw boxes of wires, tins of beans, and at least two household-name disc jockeys coming and going every Saturday lunchtime.’
‘Why Saturday?’ asked Underwood.
‘That’s the end of their working week,’ piped up regular listener Oliver. ‘Often, at the end of the show on Friday, they announce that they’re “going to be back on dry land” for a week, and that someone else is “sailing out to take over the hot seat”.’
Peacock lamented, ‘But I saw not a sign of either of our pair coming or going.’
Underwood pondered, and asked Peacock,
‘So, you’re absolutely sure that they haven’t been aboard the boat these recent weeks?’
‘I’m convinced of it.’
The whole table took time to process in silence. Gull, though, was miffed,
‘Another copper,’ he mumbled, ‘creeping around in my town…’
‘Sorry, Gull,’ said Peacock. ‘I didn’t know you then, I couldn’t tell you. I was alone on that job.’
‘It sounds like lonely work,’ said Clodagh.
‘It was. I’ve become a stranger to kith and kin.’
‘Then they must be missing you too,’ said Clodagh, who touched him on the sleeve.
Underwood scowled at the sentiment. Oliver, though, had been thinking, and suddenly declared,
‘But we know that not everything that comes on or off the boat goes through Cardow Harbour.’
Underwood banged his fist on the table,
‘Damn right! I mean, are we all in agreement that it had to be them using the beach the night I was attacked?’
‘There’s no other large boat moored offshore along this stretch of coastline,’ said Peacock. ‘I checked.’
‘We know for a fact,’ added Bowden, ‘that the garage on the Norwich Road is getting regular deliveries of imported cigarettes from somewhere local.’
‘And Asquith has been getting drugs from somewhere too,’ said Clodagh. ‘Swift Fingers was set up to cover his tracks.’
Underwood smiled as it all came together. He summarised,
‘And surely there’s no better way to run a smuggling operation than having a boat moored a mile or two offshore. Goods can be dropped off there at any time, out of sight of land; and then held onboard until they pick a dark, quiet night to come inland in a dinghy.’
Gull puffed his chest out,
‘In Nineteen Forty-Four Montgomery would have called it a bridgehead.’
Bowden pondered, ‘Though there’s still the mystery of what was coming in or going out the night you interrupted them out there, guv.’
‘There is,’ confirmed the victim, steely-eyed in his recollection of the attack. ‘I still owe someone a punch in the ribs for that.’
And none around the table would have stopped him.
Clodagh mused, ‘Maybe if we figured out “who” was on the beach, rather than “what” they were doing there?’
‘That’s it!’ called Peacock suddenly. His eyes lit with his new idea. ‘Maybe they weren’t smuggling anything that night? Maybe it was only people on the beach? Maybe Severin was half-right; that de Sayle is currently on the boat… but has only been there for these past few days?’
Underwood’s forehead contorted in furrowed deduction. Oliver’s went out in sympathy. Clodagh didn’t know which one of them to help first. It clicked for Bowden, who sat back in full satisfaction. While Gull just burst out laughing,
‘You mean,’ the old man began, ‘that this junior Lord of the Manor and his Soho gangster’s-daughter girlfriend have been hiding out on that leaky old hulk since Wednesday night? Then they must be half-way to throttling each other by now!’ And he creased over at the table at the image he’d conjured up.
Chapter 70 – Seasick


‘Break it down for me,’ declared Underwood, more as an instruction than a request.
Peacock duly obliged,
‘Wednesday, we find the Girl in the Field. Thursday, we find Miss Grey; though she had been killed the night before. And it was in small hours of Thursday morning when you interrupted someone on the beach and were attacked.’
‘De Sayle was fleeing from the murders?’ asked Underwood.
‘Whether or not he was personally responsible,’ supposed Peacock, ‘he fled the mainland after Miss Grey had died, but before her body was discovered the next morning; and also before we found a link between the Girl in the Field and his friends at Swift Fingers.’
‘Imagine it,’ thought Clodagh, ‘in one day his whole empire collapsed.’
‘I’ll save my tears for someone more worthy than Alex de Sayle,’ muttered Bowden. Who added, ‘It all fits. The garage on the Norwich Road had had no new cigarettes come in the day after your attack, so they weren’t smuggling that night.’
‘So, what do we do, sir?’ asked Oliver, wide eyed.
Though Underwood didn’t have an answer. He blurted,
‘We’re punching in the dark!’
‘Maybe if we knew a little better what was happening on board?’ asked Clodagh.
‘Well, there’s no better way than asking someone on shore leave,’ suggested Peacock.
‘You mean, get Severin to kidnap someone for us?’ muttered the Inspector. ‘Great!’
‘It wouldn’t be kidnap, sir,’ said Bowden, ‘and we’d do it ourselves.’
‘What, just scoop someone up?’ asked Clodagh.
Peacock nodded calmly.
‘You haven’t tried it already,’ asked Underwood, ‘during your lone-enquiries?’
‘No,’ answered Peacock. ‘I couldn’t trust Severin not to go too far with whoever I brought to him.’
‘You pick the loveliest people to work for,’ mumbled Gull.
Peacock shook his head, adding,
‘And I didn’t think it would help us find his daughter – as I say, I didn’t honestly believe she’d be on the boat. She likes the finer things in life, so I’ve been told.’
‘A gangster’s daughter with pretensions,’ muttered Bowden, ‘perfect for de Sayle!’
‘So, who’s on board?’ asked Clodagh.
The Inspector answered,
‘The Man from the Ministry told me there’d be the DJs, a few radio engineers. And the ship’s crew, of course.’
‘Well, it’ll be the sailors who we don’t want to tangle with,’ joked Bowden, who nevertheless would handle himself in a fight.
‘So, we snag ourselves a seasick DJ,’ said Underwood. ‘Peacock, when did you say they did the switch-over?’
‘It’s always Saturday lunchtime… so just an hour or two from now.’
‘Oliver, who’s on board right at this moment?’
‘Well,’ he answered, ‘I haven’t had much time to tune in these past few days. But Bobby Rocks was on earlier this week. He normally jokes on a Friday night about looking forward to getting back to a saloon room for a proper pint of beer.’
‘Would you recognise him, Oliver?’ asked Underwood.
‘Oh, yes. He opened the new Norwich Co-op.’
‘What wondrous times,’ murmured Gull.
‘And what’s his pub?’ asked Clodagh.
Peacock answered, ‘Well, if he’s the tall, rangy-looking fellow with the quiff…’
Oliver nodded eagerly.
‘…then it’s the Three Lights, on the stroke on noon.’
Chapter 71 – Rockin’ Bobby Roxborough


With his top-button undone, his tie loosened, and the sleeves of his white shirt rolled up to the elbows, the jaunty young office manager on his Saturday lunch break stepped into the packed Three Lights. It was a cheerful scene at the public house that bright summer’s day, with the tables of the beer garden running right down to the seafront, offering picture-postcard views of the Harbour to draw the tourists in.
‘Half-and-half,’ he instructed the barman.
‘Half-and-half,’ the barman replied, as he plonked the pint down on the bar.
‘Has Rockin’ Bobby been in yet?’ asked the dapper customer, as he sipped his freshly-poured pint.
‘Not yet,’ laughed the barman, ‘maybe they’ve hit a big wave out there? Not that we’re meant to know anything about that!’
Peacock smiled in shared knowledge of the pirate radio boat, and took his beer to one of the tables out front. On such a fine day there was only room to perch at the end of a trestle bench.
‘May I?’ he asked the retired couple next to him, then rested on the wooden slats. From there, he had a perfect view of the Harbour wall, the quay and the entrance to the pub.

‘It’s just an open secret!’ declared Oliver. He was sitting, sweltering in a black car parked fifty yards along the front.
‘What is?’ asked the Inspector, sat beside him.
‘We all know where this little boat is coming from, and where it’s going back to! Why don’t we just arrest them the moment they touch land?’
‘We’ve been through this,’ answered his boss. ‘They’re transmitting without a licence; but it’s not illegal because they’re outside British waters.’
‘And I thought you liked the station?’ asked Clodagh, relegated to the backseat. She at least was allowed civvies, for they had formed a plan.
‘I do like the station!’ answered Oliver. ‘But… I don’t like it when things don’t make sense.’
‘You like consistency,’ she reasoned. ‘I understand, living in a town like this, where things are all tied together.’
‘And if we were going to arrest whoever arrives on the Harbour,’ added Underwood, wired for attack, ‘then who are we going to see there today? The DJs? The sound men? The crew? They’re the little guys. This way, we’re going for the man at the top.’
‘But what an adventure!’ declared Oliver. He seemed more like a little boy than ever in Clodagh’s eyes.
‘A trip to the seaside!’ she echoed.
Even Underwood shone a white-toothed smile. His smile turned cynical though, as the younger man spotted something, and declared,
‘There’s the boat!’

From the beer garden, Peacock could finally see his target. There, in the little orange dinghy, bobbing across the Harbour was the unmistakable figure of the delayed Bobby Roxborough. Peacock watched that narrow head, with its feather-plume quiff, hover above the fray, as he clambered off the tiny wooden vessel, and was given an arm-up by a dock worker onto the stone steps of the jetty.
Ropes were lashed to the metal cleats, as boxes of equipment and cases of supplies began being taken onto the dinghy by the remaining two crewmen… but that was not the police’s concern today.
Peacock had seen the disc jockey before, during his off-the-books surveillance of the town. He hadn’t seen de Sayle or Jacqueline, but he had spotted this singular figure often, making his weekly pilgrimages to and from the quay, either jumping off the dinghy or waiting for its arrival. He had a tall man’s gait, a lolloping stride, and there was always someone waiting for an autograph.
Appearing just as routinely, was the rotund figure of the American DJ, Jumpin’ Joe Squires, waiting to go onboard with the tinned food and the powdered milk – he would cover Bobby’s shows all this week.
Like footballers during a substitution, Bobby Rocks shook hands with Jumpin’ Joe, shared a few words in his ear, before the new man made his journey down the steps and onto the boat.
Peacock smiled – now was Bobby’s chance for a drink.
Chapter 72 – Taxi Time


‘Mr Roxborough, isn’t it?’ asked Peacock. He had followed the DJ back into the bar, and found him savouring the first sips of his longer-for pint of best bitter.
‘As I live and breathe,’ answered the tall man. ‘Reports of my drowning off the East Coast are greatly exaggerated.’
‘Peacock,’ his caller announced, holding out his hand, and they shook.
With his free hand, the DJ lifted his pint and took another gulp, and gasped through pure pleasure,
‘They don’t let us have much beer on the boat – you can understand why, with that crew!’
‘A rough bunch, are they?’
‘Well, you wouldn’t leave your woman out there with them! The scourge of the seven seas, they are. Ukrainians, Barbadians, South Sea Chinamen. The lecherous, the leprous and the lost, I share that boat with. Half of them can’t set foot back on their home soil for fear of being picked up for some past transgression.’
With his pint already almost gone, Bobby nodded to the barman for another.
‘I’ll get this one,’ offered Peacock, ‘and a half for myself.’

From the car, Underwood watched the time. He gave Peacock two minutes to make his introductions. He turned to Clodagh,
‘Now’s your chance to shine,’ he instructed, as she took her cue to exit.

‘This is very generous of you, squire,’ said Roxborough, as the new drinks were placed before them.
‘It’s an honour to buy a drink for the world-famous Bobby Rocks.’
Sipping his half, Peacock could just about keep up, and before very long they would be on their third.
‘You driving, then?’ asked the DJ, seeing Peacock’s half-measure.
‘I’m due back at work this evening,’ he explained.
‘On a Saturday?’ He shook his head. ‘There’s no rest for the wicked, is there? Although, I know a thing or two about odd shifts!’
‘Ah yes,’ answered Peacock, ‘a week on/week off for you, isn’t it?’
‘You’re a listener then?’
‘My girlfriend and I are big fans. In fact, she’s joining me here later. We were going to go and find a fish shop open for lunch somewhere in town, before I’m due back at the plant. Say, you wouldn’t fancy joining us?’
As if entering from Stage Left, a beautiful young woman arrived at the bar. She wore the new fashion of sleeveless short dress, and had dark hair falling over her shoulders. There wasn’t a man in the place who didn’t pause to watch her walk by.
‘Here she is!’ announced Peacock in pantomime fashion, and left his barstool to give his ‘girlfriend’ a theatrical, unmissable kiss on the cheek.
‘How’s he looking?’ she asked in whispers.
‘Butter in the pan,’ he answered.
‘Here she is,’ announced Peacock, ‘and this, dear, is Bobby Rocks!’
‘Wow,’ she exclaimed, ‘I’m sorry, I didn’t recognise you! All those evenings listening to your show, and I’ve never known what you look like. So tall! And you wear your hair like Elvis.’
Bobby blushed, ‘Oh, these young pretenders may go for the mop top, but nothing beats the King!’
‘Oh, and darling,’ she turned to Peacock, ‘I spotted a little upper-floor restaurant on the way here. It serves lunch all afternoon, and overlooks the Harbour. I think it would be perfect. Oh!’ she turned to Bobby, ‘and you should come! Please, let us buy you lunch.’
The pair looked at the half-cut DJ with moon-eyes, hoping to appeal to his ego, and his desire for a free meal.
Maybe he was plastered, drinking on an empty stomach; or perhaps he was simply famished after living on boat rations? Whatever, his critical faculty was gone, and he let them almost pull him, one arm each, out of the bar and towards the big black car that was already waiting.
‘What do we need a taxi for?’ he asked, looking to the Harbour he had just walked from. But he had already been rushed half-way between the pub and the road.
‘Wait.’ Bobby Rocks suddenly went serious, holding back, ‘You’re not with that lot up at the big house, are you? Cos I steer clear of them.’
‘No fear of that,’ said Peacock. And with one final tug, they had him almost at the big Ford.
Oliver stepped out and held the backdoor open ready. Clodagh jumped in and slid right along the backseat, pulling Bobby in with her. Peacock barrelled in along the backseat behind them, barring any exit; before Oliver shut the door with deliberate force. In one fell swoop, the man was in the back of the Zephyr. Oliver jumped in the front, and Underwood had the car in Drive.
If there were eyebrows raised among the patrons of the public house, they were soon lowered again as the long black vehicle drove off in the usual order, and the hubbub of normality returned to the beer garden.
Chapter 73 – Fish and Chips


The situation left Underwood in the driving seat, so he would have to begin the questioning while also keeping his eyes on the road. All he could say over his shoulder was,
‘Mr Roxborough. We’re police officers…’ (Those with hands free produced their cards.) ‘…I apologise for this impromptu way of doing things. But we really do need to talk with you, and our operation isn’t entirely straightforward.’
The captive man nodded, and asked only two things. Firstly,
‘Will I have to go back on board?’
To which the car gave a reassuring ‘No.’
And secondly, ‘Will we still have fish and chips?’

Twenty minutes later, they were sitting on a grassy outcrop of land a mile or two along the coast from the town. Although they were out in the open, there was not a house or sign of life for miles, except for the odd car passing at fifty yards’ distance, along the same road that they had just turned off.
Oliver had taken the car away again, and was now returning with five very early fish suppers and two bottles of dandelion and burdock. Sun shone on their faces, shaded by thin cloud. Breeze blew the grasses growing where the soil gave way to soft dunes. Without speaking, they shared a sense of it being quite idyllic, though for different reasons. For the officers, here was their first practical action in tackling the case. For Bobby Roxborough, he was simply well out of it. Between mouthfuls, he did most of the talking,
‘I can’t believe you guys and girls on the force could figure out how weird things were getting on board! How did you know? Did someone call you from the ship?’
‘Things are getting pretty weird on land too,’ answered Underwood, ‘and everything has led us to that boat.’
‘Weird? How?’ asked the DJ.
The Inspector was caught out, ‘Well, you heard about the girl?’
‘The “Girl in the Field”? How could I not hear of her! We get the headlines phoned in from an agency in London for our news slots. Hearing of what’s going on back at home is all that keeps us going, when we’re stuck out at sea like that. And it was such a local story too!’
His tone changed then,
‘Of course, I knew he was involved, the way the boss and his girl turned up that night…’
‘Wait,’ asked the Inspector. ‘Just to confirm, this is Alex de Sayle and Jacqueline Severin you’re talking about?’
‘Yes, the gaffer and his piece. Posh thing, she is… or thinks she is. But the way she spoke, you’d think she’d just come off a market stall.’
Underwood looked to Peacock, who then asked the salient questions, with his notebook and pencil in hand,
‘What night did they come aboard?’
Roxborough pondered, then answered, ‘It must have been Wednesday. Yes, Wednesday – and I haven’t had a good night’s sleep since.’
‘Oh?’
‘Well, they were in the cabin right next to mine! It was bad enough having the boss on board… and out of his head, for the most part. But with her there as well?’ Roxborough shook his head, ‘When they weren’t arguing they were… ahem, and let me tell you, there isn’t much that a quarter-inch partition between bunk beds keeps secret. Trust me, there’s a good reason why they don’t let women in the Navy… though, please forgive my talking of such things in mixed company, my dear. What was your name again?’
‘Clodagh.’
‘I thought that’s what I heard. A beautiful name, Irish, but spoken with a London accent?’
‘Irish parents – my Dad moved to London to dig the Tube.’
‘Noble work, noble work. My own father drove a bus. Getting people from A to B, it’s important…’
Peacock got things back to track,
‘So, the couple are still on board?’
‘Oh, yes. And like a pair of caged tigers!’
‘And, had you seen them onboard much before then?’
‘He’d be along every month or so – just to check how things were running. Once to show around a new backer – you’d wonder what a Yank oil tycoon would make of that rusty old tub, but he loved it! He said it took him back to his Navy days in the Pacific!’
‘And Jacqueline?’
He shook his head, ‘I hadn’t met her before this week.’
‘And you mentioned de Sayle’s “big house” earlier – did he entertain there?’
‘The gloves are off, right?’
Underwood nodded.
‘He had two places. There was a row of cottages, not far from here actually, a little bit inland. He’d take us there sometimes when we were off-duty. “To help you unwind,” he’d say. There were all these girls lodging there. I didn’t like to presume, “But they’re my secretaries,” he said, “ever helpful and very amenable.” Well… it seemed rude not to oblige.’
He looked to Clodagh again, who replied,
‘Oh, don’t worry. I’ve heard worse than this on the streets of London.’ They shared a smile, and he continued,
‘Though he had another place…’
‘The Hall?’ asked Peacock.
‘Yes, that grim old dump,’ said Roxborough. ‘But it wasn’t there exactly. He had this chalet, like a holiday home, out the back. It was in the middle of these thick woods. You wouldn’t have known it was there until you stumbled across it.’
‘We’ve had searchers looking out that way for three days!’ said Oliver in amazement.
Roxborough only smiled in comfort,
‘Don’t feel bad – you could be searching for a month and not find it.’
‘So, what happened there?’ asked Underwood.
‘Well, attendance was by special invite only. The crewmen never got invited, though some of us DJs did, if there was someone on the guest-list he wanted to be starstruck by us – you know, business-types. A lot them I didn’t recognise. There were some big names though – people off the telly, someone from the House of Lords. The office girls were there, of course, all dolled up. There was always champagne, and we’d have a bit of whatever had been brought off the boat that last evening, just to help the party along.’ He made a cigarette-smoking gesture.
‘I was always on my toes though!’ he added suddenly.
‘Oh?’
‘Well, the first time I was shown around the chalet, we saw this bedroom. Someone cracked a joke, asking de Sayle, “Does it have two-way glass in the mirror?” – apparently that kind of thing goes on in some disreputable places. And, for just one second, the look on his face…! Well, the boss made some remark and shook it off; but after that, I stayed sober at that chalet – I didn’t fancy being in one of Alex de Sayle’s home movies!’
Chapter 74 – The Life of a DJ


The questioning of Bobby Rocks continued.
‘Did you ever see the Girl in the Field at any of the places you’ve mentioned?’ asked Clodagh.
Roxborough put down his empty chip wrappers, and swigged from the bottle of dandelion and burdock, before taking the picture Clodagh held out for him,
‘No, not at the house or anywhere.’
‘And did you ever visit the Swift Fingers office in Cardow?’
‘All the time – it’s where we collected our paycheques. You guarantee that I am out of it?’
‘Entirely,’ said Underwood, as the others nodded their heads.
He looked again at the photo,
‘No, I never saw her at the office. And I would have remembered, because she’d stand out. She looks a nice girl. And the ones who worked there, well, they had a certain look in their eye. Oh, I don’t judge them, Lord knows, but they knew what they were doing! That office wasn’t right – what did they need five secretaries for? Answering a few fan letters? And the girls weren’t right, they weren’t secretaries. I’ve told you; they were dolly birds!’
‘A female partner of Swift Fingers is also dead,’ added Peacock, in case the wound was still too sore for his boss to have to state.
‘Oh my,’ uttered Roxborough, who hadn’t heard that news. ‘You mean Alice Grey?’
‘You knew her?’
‘She handed us our cheques personally. Always neat and efficient, the first day of the month after we hit dry land.’
‘Was she ever at the parties at the chalet?’ asked Clodagh, as sensitively as her boss could bear it.
‘Yeah, a couple of times. She was there with that flash one. He was always huddled with de Sayle, talking business, for their ears only. Alice would hang with us radio jocks though, and it was never like she stooped down to talk to the employees, you know? I liked her. I never figured out her part in it, but she was honest. And I sensed sadness there, somewhere behind it all. She scrubbed up well in an evening gown too. Half the time de Sayle’s guests would hit on her rather than the girls he’d laid on for them.’
‘“The flash one”,’ repeated Underwood, ‘did you ever see him on board the boat?’
Roxborough laughed, ‘My Sweet Lord, have you lost him too?’ But then the DJ answered properly, ‘No, I’ve never seen him sea-side. He wouldn’t have the legs for it, I reckon. And he wouldn’t want to get his suit dirty.’
Clodagh changed the theme,
‘So, what’s de Sayle really like?’
‘“The Fop” we call him, though not to his face.’
‘Oh?’
‘Let me tell you! He comes on all dandified… but behind that soppy hair, his eyes burn like sapphires. And underneath his velvet suit, he’s got arms of steel!’
‘Explain,’ demanded Underwood.
‘There was a fight onboard once, with a deck hand… I should explain, de Sayle runs a pretty ropey crew. It’s not the greatest ocean-going voyage, being tethered up halfway out into the North Sea all year around, so he gets who he can rustle up from wherever. Most of them have got a past, and prefer the Claude Monet and the odd weekend ashore over being handed back to their national authorities.
‘Anyway, there’s this one fellow – a huge South Chinaman – he could raise an anchor out of the sea with his bare hands, that one! He was really on a session, this one rainy afternoon. He’d been drinking for eighteen hours straight. He wouldn’t shift when he was needed in the engine room, and his shanties were loud enough for our radio listeners to hear over the records we were trying to play!
‘De Sayle happened to be on board that day, talking to the Captain, who’d given up trying to coax the big bloke back inside. So, de Sayle stood up, took his jacket off and folded it carefully over the back of a chair. He went out onto the deck – despite all warnings! – and he said to him, “Do as your Captain bids you, or you go over the side.” Just that! And he just stood there, eyeballing the big fellow, though he wasn’t half as wide as him. And the Chinaman dragged himself up and went down to the engine room!
‘That’s what the boss is like, Inspector. I never messed with him myself, of course – I needed a job, for one thing! But, I wouldn’t have done so anyway. He has a way about him – he owns every room he’s in, like God meant for him to run things. Maybe it comes from growing up in the aristocracy, being told all your young life that you’ll be running half the world when you’re older? It must give you confidence, no? It’s not quite what I came away with from my education – getting out of Yarmouth by the skin of my teeth!’
‘I thought I detected a local lilt!’ declared Oliver.
‘It’s funny, isn’t it? Eight years spinning discs in the clubs of London and Brighton, then fate intervenes one day, and I find myself right back here!’
Underwood jumped in, changing the topic,
‘Did your boss ever mention the changes coming to the pirate stations?’
Roxborough considered the question a while, before answering,
‘There was word a while back that he was in London, talking to someone.’
‘And I think I know who he would have been “talking” to,’ muttered Underwood.
‘Did he tell you much about it?’ asked Oliver, fascinated in the fortunes of the radio stations.
‘He did, actually,’ recalled Roxborough. ‘He said, “Bobby, the boats will all be gone within a year, and then the stations are going legit. The DJs are moving to London.”’
‘And what did you think of the changes?’ asked Underwood.
‘I thought they sounded great! If they ever happened.’
‘And did you think them likely?’
Roxborough went philosophical, taking another swig from his glass bottle.
‘De Sayle may have had a good thing going, running his merry little crew off the coast, having his parties. But, any changes coming, well, I never doubted that he would make them work in his favour too. It would suit him, don’t you think? A smart office in London, a nice legal frequency? It would be a licence to print money.’
The DJ went on, ‘A man like de Sayle, well, he’s the kind you can hitch your wagon to. At the back of my mind, I always planned to have a quiet word with him at some point, when I had the chance, and ask about him taking me with him wherever he was going. Our employment’s not a stable one, and a few years under my belt at an established London station, well, that would have set me in good stead.
‘So, yes. That was my plan, until three nights ago, when all hell broke loose.’
Chapter 75 – A Night Onboard


The group sat around on the sandy hillock, as Bobby Roxborough prepared to tell them about that night,
‘Well, firstly, let me tell you, Inspector. These boats we broadcast from are really quite small and pokey, and not at all as swinging as the music we play. Please put aside your mental image of an offshore party taking place all night, every night. There are usually eight or ten men aboard. Half will be seamen, without a knowledge of “the radio” beyond how to tune in their transistor. The others will be engineers, aerial and sound men, often hired from the big American stations.
‘And then there’s us DJs! Well, we’ll be cold half the time, tired the other half, and jumping out of our bunk before the other guy jumps in. I bet most of us, just like me, spent most of their on-week waiting for the supply boat to come to take them right back off again! Nor is there the room to entertain a gaggle of young hangers-on, or the supplies to feed them. Indeed, speaking here as men and women of the world, I expect that there’s as little amorous activity going on on these boats as there is in a monk’s cloisters!
‘Or, at least there wasn’t until Alex and Jacquie moved in next to my bunk while I was trying to get a night’s sleep…’
‘Do carry on,’ urged Underwood.
‘Well,’ he continued, ‘a few nights ago. Wednesday, I believe, the Captain was called to the radio on the bridge – it’s always done this way when there’s something, ahem, unexpected coming onboard or needing to be taken to land.’
‘So, this happened often?’ asked Clodagh.
Roxborough looked sheepish, ‘Half the nights of the week there was something. There’s more comes on and off the Claude Monet than milk and bacon and the odd DJ.’
‘We did wonder whether they were using the ship as a staging-point for smuggling,’ remembered Peacock.
‘Ah, yes,’ confirmed Roxborough. ‘Though these aren’t like the dinghies that come through the Harbour in daylight. They come at night; and those of us not involved know to stay in our bunks after station shutdown.’
‘They always play the National Anthem at shutdown,’ announced Oliver.
‘Oh yes,’ said Roxborough, ‘some things are sacred. Anyway, there isn’t normally a lot for the Captain to do, permanently moored off the coast as he is. But on these night’s, he’s all action. That night, he roused a couple of crewmen and sent the dinghy out to the beach. It came back late, and on it were your golden couple.
‘From my cabin, I knew something or someone was coming aboard. There were the usual bumps and groans as the vessels met. “Ships in the night,” I used to call it, and have a chuckle to myself – well, you take your pleasures where you can when you’re stuck out in the North Sea for half your life!
‘Usually these dockings are conducted in silence – they’re like a black mass! They’re terrified of giving themselves away, even though no one from the mainland is ever going to hear it. There’s the odd voice, sometimes British, sometimes Dutch. And the sound of hatches opening and closing, boxes being loaded or unloaded.
‘But this time, it was a right bloody commotion. There were calls, even a scream – a woman’s scream!’
The listeners bristled, but Roxborough calmed them down,
‘No fear, it was just that Jacqueline losing her footing and thinking she was going to fall off deck! She’d probably never been offshore in her life. Do you know, she didn’t even have a pair of rubber shoes with her?
‘Well, as soon as I heard a woman’s voice, I knew the boss would be with her, as there would be hell to pay if anyone else brought a girl on board!
‘And sure enough, I heard him next, murmuring instructions to crewmen, the kind of sailors who might slit a man’s throat in a heartbeat and throw him overboard. And yet, every one of them obeyed him without a qualm – amazing! I am in awe of him somewhat, Inspector.
‘Then, I heard them setting up in the next cabin! She was complaining, like she was expecting a five-star hotel! “It’s filthy in here! What have we got to eat?” I couldn’t resist a peak out into the corridor, and there was the Chinaman in his apron, in the middle of the night, bringing them plates of bacon and eggs! I wished I was getting that service at any time of day, I can tell you!
‘Well, since then the station’s been in uproar. She kicks off about something roughly every ten minutes. And then we have to go outside the control room and tell her: if she’s going to have a tantrum, have it at the other end of the boat, save the public hearing all about it over the airwaves! And none of us has had a night’s sleep in three days, or had the space to swing a cat – there’re only three or four bunk rooms not rotten from the inside out, and we all have to make do. And, for all my admiration of him, staff are never as relaxed with the boss on their shoulder, are they? And it’s not just that.’
‘Oh?’
‘De Sayle, well, we all knew he was the boss, and he had that… aloofness. But in the past he’d still be having conversations with the producer, talking station policy, hearing the engineers’ complaints about equipment or what they wanted him to replace. This last visit though, there’s been none of that. I came out on deck for a smoke one day, and there he was, looking out to sea. His eyes, Inspector. I’ve never seen such depth in a man’s stare!’
‘He seems to have a hoodoo on people,’ observed Peacock.
‘You’ve seen him?’ asked Roxborough.
‘I never have.’
‘Well, when you do, get up close, and I swear a person cannot take their eyes off him, man or woman! And I don’t even tend that way, Inspector.’
‘I never doubted it,’ confirmed Underwood. ‘But you think de Sayle has something on his mind?’
‘He does. We have ship-to-shore radio, and I… overheard him in the bridge, talking for ages with someone. I’m guessing they were on the continent, as he kept saying, “I can’t be in the United Kingdom, I can’t be in the United Kingdom.” I reckoned he was arranging passage. I knew already he was in trouble – else why come aboard by dinghy at night? With no preparations made? And bringing that daft girl – who was having absolutely none of it! And now, he was trying to smuggle himself abroad, when he could afford to fly first class anywhere around the world!
‘That pair,’ the DJ shook his head, ‘and all their stuff – they made the cramped conditions positively tight!’
‘Isn’t it a warship?’ asked Underwood.
‘Maybe it was in another life! Napoleon might have launched it himself! But take into account: the studio, the control room, the broadcasting machinery, the generators for the aerial, the hold-space used for fuel, and gas, and food. And some of the lower decks are utterly decrepit, unused by anyone since the last War.
‘Well, given all that, the space we have left to eat in, sleep in, and live in is tiny. Out on deck’s the only fresh air we get, and that’s not pleasant when the wind and rain get up. Still, it’s worth the risk of being washed overboard to clear our thoughts for ten minutes. Oh, and the rocking, Inspector! The endless waves. I would never have cut it in the navy.’
Though Underwood was no longer listening. An earlier detail had just slotted into place.
‘I need to stretch my legs.’
Chapter 76 – Brass Tacks


‘Isn’t it beautiful?’ noted Bobby Roxborough to the remaining officers after the Inspector had departed. The sun had just begun to set across the low fields inland. ‘No matter how a part of me longed to get away from this coast, I always came back for views like this. I don’t think people from the city have that, do they, the need for nature? Not like those raised in it.’
It would soon be night along the Norfolk coast, and getting cold. A thin breeze whipped around the shoulders of officers who had earlier put aside their jackets and loosened their collars.
Underwood’s absence had left Peacock nominally in charge. The Sergeant took on board the responsibility, and spent a moment to consider where to take the questioning. He half-considered suggesting a pause, as they had been talking for over an hour. But he also knew that moods could break, and that it would be wise to push this current air of openness for as long as possible.
There was one thing he had to say to the DJ, though,
‘I’m sorry about lying to you in the pub,’ he offered, in a way that would have had the hardest heart forgiving him.
‘No bad feelings,’ answered Roxborough. ‘You didn’t know how I’d react. You couldn’t trust that I wouldn’t have run right back to the Harbour, and raised the alarm.’
‘Exactly.’
‘And I’m not even sad about it,’ chuckled the DJ. ‘You know, when you bundled me into that car and drove me away, as soon as I’d got my breath back, and the little Tweetie Pies had stopped circling my head, I was relieved. I knew that it was over, I knew that I was out of it!’
Peacock appreciated this, but quickly got things back on track, by stating quite categorically,
‘I’m glad to hear it, but the night is drawing in, and we do need to get down to brass tacks.’
‘Yes, brass tacks.’
Peacock took out his policeman’s notebook, and thumbed to the most recent page. ‘So, I think I’ve seen enough of those weekend dinghies coming in and going back out to have a clear picture. But I need to know two things from your side. Firstly, who exactly will be onboard the dinghy the next time one comes in? And secondly, are there any grounds at all for you requesting to get back onto the Claude Monet before next Saturday?’

Midway through the men’s talk, Clodagh quietly excused herself, and got up to follow the Inspector along the beach.
She found him, head down, shoulders hunched, kicking at the sand in his leather shoes. She caught him up, and announced,
‘It’s confirmed then: it was de Sayle that night on the beach. It was his escape that you interrupted. Those were the lights you saw at sea.’
‘Yes,’ acknowledged Underwood. ‘It’s also too soon after the death of Alice Grey, far away in London, for him to have been personally involved.’
‘De Sayle wasn’t the killer,’ she agreed.
‘No. And just as well. He – or one of his stooges – only struck me a blow across the head that night. Imagine what the killer themselves would have done? Instead, they only drugged me and dumped me – even given the risk I might wake up and remember something, or find a clue of them on the beach the next morning.’
‘Which means?’ she asked.
He stopped decisively, declaring,
‘It means that the people I ran into that night, the people on that boat right now, don’t have murder in them. If they had have done, then think about it – a copper unconscious, defenceless, no witnesses? – they wouldn’t have been able to help themselves.’
Unable to help herself, she launched into a hug, just glad he was safe.

Back at the camp, Roxborough bridled at Peacock’s question, and its implication.
‘I’m not going back on board!’
‘You won’t have to go through with the journey, you only have to radio them, and ask for them to bring the dinghy back to shore early – say you’ve left something on board that you can’t live without for the week. We just need to get that dinghy back to harbour, hopefully tomorrow. And then the Inspector and I, and whoever else we can hide onboard, can take it back out to the Claude Monet, dressed in the sailors’ clothes. It’s the only way we can get near to that ship without being seen a mile off.’
‘And can any of you sail a dinghy, guide it alongside the hull, lash the ropes?’
‘Can you?’ the Sergeant asked right back.
‘Not likely!’ answered Roxborough. ‘But I know a man who can. And if I word it rightly, I can make sure he’s one of those who comes into harbour. Though, you’re going to have to make a deal with him too when he gets here – we’ve seen a lot of whacky stuff on that ship, and we’re not going down for it.’
‘Understood,’ agreed Peacock. ‘Wait. You’re not talking about that Chinaman?’
‘No fear,’ grinned Roxborough, ‘the cook’s too busy to be sent out for deliveries. But you will have to deal with him when you get on board.’
Chapter 77 – Talking at Night


Underwood returned to the fold, and bid Bowden to drive Clodagh, Oliver and Peacock back to Cardow under cover of darkness. Bowden and Peacock could leave the young ones at Gull’s house, then come back with a car each. That would give the four men a bench seat each to sleep on – underwood didn’t want it known yet that they were all back in town.

Once the drivers had returned, the Inspector bid Roxborough to take Bowden’s back seat, with the Sergeant himself only jumping out to relive himself in the darkness before climbing back in. He rolled up his jacket for a pillow, and tried not to bump the steering wheel as he shuffled into comfort.
In Peacock’s car, Underwood gave himself the back seat. Neither one of them could sleep, though.
‘So, a big day tomorrow?’ asked the Sergeant. Though his boss didn’t need to confirm. ‘We’re going aboard then?’
‘I think we have to,’ answered Underwood. ‘If de Sayle is planning his escape then we need to get to him before a connecting boat comes in from the Continent.’
The beach was silent but for the waves, though Peacock couldn’t rest. He knew the man in the back was not sleeping either. He could swear he heard the cogs going round. Eventually those thoughts needed voicing,
‘We’ll all go to Gull’s tomorrow for breakfast,’ announced Underwood, ‘then you go to the Harbour.’
‘You’re not coming?’
‘I think I’m needed elsewhere. And if I don’t get the chance, tell Clodagh she can leave before the bullets fly.’
‘I don’t think she’ll take you up on that,’ said Peacock.
‘I know she won’t, but she’ll expect me to offer.’
Peacock paused before saying goodnight, asking,
‘I’m glad you mentioned bullets, boss – it means you’ve figured out the same thing I have.’
‘Which is?’
‘That we have two murders in this case, and de Sayle wasn’t on the scene for either of them.’
Underwood nodded in the dark; before going on,
‘We haven’t had a chance till now to pull the threads all together, but when I do it fits like a glove. Harry Dennick and Carlo Severin have both been rattled throughout this case. I put it down to the murder in Soho, and Jacquie Severin going missing. But men like that are only really bothered about one thing – and that’s business. Now we find out that Asquith, probably backed by de Sayle, has been selling enough drugs in London to need a fake company to launder the profits! Severin may have burnt out their cafe, but he never shut them down; and they could only have held him off with muscle; and then your friend Carlo dropped the name of London’s biggest hard-case.’
‘Johnny Nobody?’
‘I think the myth is real,’ considered Underwood. ‘An underworld enforcer we don’t know about, who’s never been arrested, who’s too fearsome for any witness to ever come forward against; and who flipped from Severin’s side to de Sayle’s about the same time “Little Jacquie” did. No wonder Severin’s paying Inspector Kenneally however much for your full-time services, Peacock: if you find Jacqueline, then you also find de Sayle, and you also find Johnny Nobody.’
‘You think that’s who killed Alice Grey?’ asked Peacock.
‘Asquith is a poseur in a silver suit, de Sayle is a toff in a kaftan. Different men, but neither capable of this.’
Both officers were tired by then, and half asleep already. But Peacock had one last thought before turning in. He said,
‘You say Asquith booked the restaurant that night, guv? Then, he sealed the fate of Alice Grey whether he knew it or not.’
Day 5 – Sunday


Chapter 78 – The Slap Against the Glass


A slap against the car window woke them. Bowden was gesturing silently through the glass, while Roxborough could be seen standing up against a small bush nearby.
Peacock looked at the dashboard clock – it was 6:43. He wound down the window, finally able to hear Bowden,
‘…Rockin’ Bobby reckons they’ll be up and about on the boat by now. And we’re both famished.’
‘Time to get going,’ said Underwood.
After pit stops for the remaining men, both cars headed back to Cardow in convoy.

They found Oliver and the Gulls already there, along with enough food to feed all eight of their growing band.
‘This surely is a treat,’ said Bobby Rocks.
‘Nothing less than you deserve,’ beamed Miss Gull, who it turned out was as much a fan of the radio as Oliver was. ‘All that time spent out at sea on that draughty boat. I can’t believe anyone cooks for you properly out there.’
‘Actually, there’s this Chinaman,’ he began. ‘He does a good spread. Though I think he sometimes gets the cooking oil and engine oil mixed up.’
Elsewhere, Underwood bore a crick in his neck and a banging headache, as a result of his poor sleep.
‘That is without a doubt the worst night I’ve ever had in the back of a car.’
‘You haven’t lived,’ joked Bowden.
Peacock smiled too, and Underwood caught this. He smiled himself – he really did believe that he could trust Peacock for the day ahead. That would have been unbelievable only two mornings ago.
Clodagh emerged then in a blue and white striped dress. Bowden wolf-whistled.
She turned to Underwood,
‘Well, boss, you did say that you wanted me out of uniform.’
‘Not for the first time,’ quipped Bowden, to further ribaldry around the table.
‘This is the most fun I’ve had in weeks,’ declared Roxborough. However, they were there for a reason. Picking up his plate of food, Underwood leaned to whisper in Gull’s ear,
‘I’m not going to the Harbour. I need you with me today.’
Gull lifted his own plate, and followed the Inspector into the study.
‘What’s that all about?’ asked Bowden after the pair had left.
‘I guess it’s you and me on the boat today,’ said Peacock.
Roxborough eyed up Bowden’s stocky frame, and said,
‘Yep, you’ll do.’

Underwood closed the door behind them.
‘So, what are we here to talk about so privately?’ asked Gull as they sat down in the armchairs either side of the fire. ‘Not about the price of fish, I’ll wager?’
Underwood didn’t answer.
‘Well, I could guess it wasn’t a social call,’ said Gull, ‘you all turning up like this. And on a Sunday morning too… Don’t they have a Day of Rest in London?’
‘Well, you’re already uniformed at this ungodly hour,’ answered Underwood, ‘so I guess you were expecting something.’
‘The truth be told,’ answered the old man, ‘I’ve been on tenterhooks since that poor girl’s body turned up on our doorstep all those days ago. We both have. Audrey’s had the breakfast on first thing each morning, and most times it’s been needed. But now, to business, it seems.’
‘Do you have a gun?’ asked Underwood.
‘Yes, but you don’t know that,’ answered Gull.
‘Is it traceable?’
‘The German I took it from in Nineteen Forty-Three is in no position to verify.’ The old officer moved to his desk, and took a key from the drawer. He then took that key to a small brass safe in the corner of the room, and opened it laboriously. From beneath some old papers, he took out a wooden box, which he presented to Underwood,
‘I keep her oiled, but I’d check her out first, if I were you. You might be as likely to do yourself an injury as the fellow you’re firing at.’
‘I hope not to have to test that,’ answered Underwood.
Gull sat back down, asking,
‘So, it ends today?’
‘Yes. However it goes, it’s over.’
‘Good. A village shouldn’t live under something like this.’
Just then, there was a knock on the door. Underwood closed the wooden box, before Miss Gull came in with two of the most delectable custard tarts he had ever seen.
‘These were my and Arthur’s Sunday treats, but you have mine, Inspector. Take it with you, you need to stay fed.’
He thanked her with a beaming smile. With the day he had ahead of him, such kindness needed to be banked.
As she left, she saw the wooden box on the Inspector’s lap. She paused only for a heartbeat, but said nothing.
Chapter 79 – The Morning of the Boarding


It was a bright but changeable Sunday morning when, from the Office of the Cardow Harbourmaster, Rockin’ Bobby Roxborough made perhaps his least rock and rock broadcast ever,
‘I’ve left my bank book on board,’ he told the Captain of the FS Claude Monet over short-wave radio. ‘Can someone fetch the dinghy and bring it out?’
‘The next Harbour pick up’s not till Saturday,’ the man complained.
‘But I’ve not got a penny to my name, Cap, not even enough to eat tonight, let alone last the week.’
Over the radio the Captain grumbled, but eventually gave way,
‘Okay, I’ll tell them to get the dinghy ready.’
Roxborough then played his trump card,
‘Oh, and ask Jumpin’ Joe to look for my bank book, will you? He knows where I keep it in my bunk.’
‘Will do.’
‘Cheers, Captain, I’ll buy you dinner at the Three Lights the next time I see you on land.’
‘It’s a deal! Over and out.’
‘Over and out.’

Near the start of the jetty, Clodagh and Oliver looked out over the small Harbour from the window of the upstairs fish restaurant, which they had politely requisitioned for the morning. It hadn’t proven too difficult as the place didn’t start serving till noon.
From their vantage point, they could see Rockin’ Bobby waiting impatiently on the quayside for his promised dinghy. Peacock and Bowden lurked in shadows behind.
On that particular morning, there was little traffic in or out of the Harbour. The air was clear, but the mood was grey. The prospect of rain was felt in the air, and choppiness was sensed just beneath the calm blue-steel surface. Few fishermen relished the prospect; and those with no choice but to go out to sea had already done so. Nor was it an occasion for a sightseeing voyage – all journeys undertaken that day would be done so under caution.
‘I wish he’d stop jigging around like that,’ said Oliver of Roxborough, ‘he’ll give us all away.’
‘It’s too late to worry now,’ said Clodagh, who had a steeliness that Oliver lacked.
He blathered, ‘And then we have to just wait here, as the dinghy sails off into God-knows-what!’
‘Yes, we can’t follow with the Coastguard till the dinghy is out of sight.’
She tried her best to be reassuring, but inside she was just as uncertain.

‘What are we expecting onboard that French ship then?’ Bowden asked Peacock, who was standing next to him against the back wall of a loading bay.
‘At the very least, a three-foot wide Chinaman, a spoilt gangster’s daughter, and hopefully a fop called de Sayle.’
‘Well, he sounds the least of our problems.’
‘I wouldn’t be so sure.’
Eventually, on the colourless sea appeared a spot of muted red. Even the bright hull of the dinghy had its colour sucked from it by the sallow sea, like a paintbrush washed out in a jar. As it neared, Peacock noted two on board, wearing dirty waterproofs.
‘Who are they?’ he whisper-called to Roxborough.
‘One’s my buddy, Joe Squires… he’s the one who can take you back to the ship. And the other looks like one of the deck hands. He’s okay, not a fighter. He’s probably taking the chance of a few hours’ shore leave.’
‘It’s bad that there’s only two of them,’ said Bowden. ‘What will they think when they see three coming back?’
Peacock thought on his feet, deciding,
‘Then Roxborough can radio again, to say he’s coming back onboard after all. And it’s good that there’s rain threatening,’ he added. ‘Dressed in sou’westers, we can get even nearer before they realise that we’re not who they think we are.’
As the little boat arrived, the two detectives stood back out of view.
‘Hey, hey,’ shouted Roxborough to Jumpin’ Joe.
‘Land ahoy!’ shouted the American DJ, who proved himself a dab hand at steering the dinghy, veering it first over to the right, then leading it in sidewards towards the wooden steps.
Waves slapped against the hull, as ropes were thrown up and bound to metal cleats. Rockin’ Bobby lowered an arm to help haul up one man, and then the other.
‘Good to see you,’ said Roxborough, as the men threw off their ungainly waterproofs. ‘Do you have my bank book?’ He barely stammered out the words, with sweat dripping from the end of his nose.
‘There is no bank book,’ said his American friend. His eyes scanned the Harbour, catching sight of the shadow-figures waiting in the eaves. ‘Whatever you’re into, Bobby, we’re out!’
And with that, Jumpin’ Joe Squires and the deck hand grabbed their kitbags, turned, and ran towards land as fast as their legs would carry them.
Bowden went to chase along the jetty, but Peacock put a hand on his shoulder.
‘Leave them,’ he said, as they came out of the loading bay to join Roxborough on the broad stones of the quay. He turned to the DJ, ‘They look as glad to get off that hulk as you did yesterday.’
‘It doesn’t change things for us, I suppose,’ snorted Bowden. He looked at the little boat, ‘Have either of you ever sailed a dinghy?’
‘Not since I was twelve,’ remembered Peacock.
‘Well,’ said Roxborough, ‘I’m sure it’s one of those things you never forget.’ As he spoke, he quite consciously took one step back. ‘Just like riding a bike,’ he added, taking another step. And then a third step, and then a fourth. And then he turned and fell into a full-blown run, bellowing, ‘Hold up, lads!’ His tall frame gave him an ungainly turn of speed, fleeing toward the town and the pub he had been so unceremoniously removed from just the afternoon before.
‘Rat’s from a sinking ship,’ said Bowden.
‘They served their purpose,’ replied Peacock. ‘And at least there’ll only be two of us in the dinghy now.’ He waved farewell to the watchers at the restaurant’s upstairs window; then he and Bowden picked up the discarded waterproofs, and headed down the stone steps towards the little boat.
Chapter 80 – Cardow Hall and the Elder de Sayle


Gull drove himself and the Inspector along the Norwich Road in his pastel-blue Ford Anglia. His passenger asked him,
‘Gull. Have you ever heard stories of Alex de Sayle entertaining rich friends at a chalet in the woods?’
He answered from memory,
‘In a manner of speaking, guv. The fact is, back in the day, the rumours were all about his father.’
‘What,’ asked Underwood, ‘that old fellow at death’s door?’
This brought a hoot of laughter from old Gull, and a fit of guffawing as he answered,
‘You speak as if he’s spent his whole life on his deathbed. He was as young as you or I were once, and with the appetites of any young Lord. There were rumours, even before my time, of him smuggling girls into the Hall and then having his men get them back to London before daybreak.’
‘Maybe he built this chalet then?’
‘It wouldn’t surprise me.’ Gull looked to the German pistol now tucked beneath the Inspector’s suit jacket, and remarked, ‘Though what worries me, sir, is who you think you’re going to find there today.’
Underwood breathed in, and prepared to share his secrets,
‘Asquith and de Sayle built a drug network up from scratch. They couldn’t have done that without help. When Peacock and I saw Carlo Severin the other morning, he made a cryptic remark, “Tell Johnny Nobody I said hello!”’
Gull sneered,
‘You don’t go believing those underworld fairy tales, do you, guv? The man you’ve never caught? The one who committed all the crimes you’ve never solved? He’s a phantom, boss. No man stays undetected for all that time.’
‘Well, phantom or not, our second murder was a bloodbath. And I don’t buy that Dennick or Severin wanted that on their doorstep, or that Asquith or de Sayle had the stomach for it.’
Underwood concluded,
‘You see, I think Severin did have an enforcer – whatever his real name – and that when he sensed the wind was changing, he moved over to de Sayle.’
He went on, ‘De Sayle already had his pirate ship. It gave him an advantage over any other smuggler in the land. They had the drugs, the money, the agency girls, the radio station. Everything was going just swingingly… And then a girl turned up dead in the village, within a few miles of the radio station offices and of Cardow Hall.
‘Someone in the organisation knew she would be traced back to Swift Fingers – that she’d been in for an interview, that Alice Grey had paid for her last outfit. An urgent meeting was called, Asquith booked out the restaurant, Alice was summoned back from Cardow…
‘And then, something went badly wrong. Only then did the friends from the Beatnik Trail find out what an underworld enforcer does in such a situation.’
‘He killed Alice Grey?’ asked Gull.
‘He killed the direct link between the drug network and the dead girl,’ said Underwood. ‘He did so without compunction. And perhaps he expected he was still working for an outfit like Dennick’s or Severin’s, where some shadowy figure would have been along presently to have the restaurant tidied up by morning, and the body buried under a motorway. Instead, Asquith went to ground. De Sayle must have heard about it, and made mad-dash plans to get himself smuggled onto his boat that very night.
‘They panicked, Gull. They panicked and they left Alice there.’
‘Well, that is a tall tale.’
‘Though the only one that fits.’
‘And now you reckon that this Nobody fellow is hiding out at the chalet in the woods?’
Underwood scrutinised his own logic,
‘He wouldn’t have a friend left in Soho after that mess. Yet, he knows a man with a country estate and a secret sex-chalet hidden out back. Where would you go, Gull?’
Gull pulled the car up, for they were already within the forest, and nearing the Hall gates. He turned to Underwood, and asked,
‘So, this untraceable, unstoppable killer, who has just had to flee Soho with his tail between his legs, is who the two of us are going into the woods right now to find?’
‘Not “us”, Gull. Just me.’
‘I’m not having that!’
‘You have to. We only have one gun, and so one of us would go in undefended.’
‘Then call for back-up!’ demanded Gull.
‘And how long will that take? Like de Sayle on the boat, he won’t be there forever. He’ll be making arrangements to get further away. He might already be long gone. But we need to know.’
Gull didn’t like it,
‘He’ll make mincemeat of you, guv, if he catches you unawares.’
‘But he’ll know I’m a Police Officer, and he’ll guess I didn’t come alone.’
Gull scoffed,
‘Do you think that matters to a man like that?’
Underwood could only answer,
‘Well, we’ll have to hope it does.’
Chapter 81 – East by North-East


Bowden pushed the dinghy off from the stone steps, before Peacock pulled the cord to fire up the outboard motor.
Bowden, sitting up front, recalled the recent scene,
‘Did you see the look on Bobby Rocks’s face when he leant down to speak to the other lads from the boat? I didn’t know whether to fear for the operation or pity the poor sod.’
Peacock, with one hand on the tiller and the other clutching a compass, kept his attention on the job. Bowden, though, needed to talk,
‘Remind me why we’re doing it like this?’ he asked. Like Peacock, his features were near invisible beneath a huge yellow hat and coat.
‘Because we need to approach gently,’ answered his colleague, ‘and get on board before they know it. Otherwise, it’s them up there on deck behind plate steel, and us down here in a holiday hire riverboat.’
‘Why not just go in with the Coastguard?’
Peacock kept his eye on the flickering needle as he answered,
‘Come with a show of force, and they’ll pull up the shutters or just sail away.’
‘So why are they so cagy?’ Bowden went on. ‘The Inspector keeps telling us the ship isn’t illegal.’
‘It isn’t. Not the radio station anyway. But who knows what contraband they have stashed? And don’t forget, there’s a man onboard who’s on the run after someone got killed. He has a lot to lose, and not many witnesses out here on the ocean.’
‘So, we pair just skip up the ladder, hold them up, beat the Chinaman in a fistfight, and arrest de Sayle?’
‘No,’ answered Peacock, ‘we get on board, fire a flare, and the Coastguard will be right behind us. They only need a warning signal being fired to justify approaching the ship and coming aboard. Once the ship’s secure, we take de Sayle.’
Bowden shook his head, lamenting,
‘The old man, he gives us all the best jobs.’
‘Well, don’t envy his work today.’
‘I just hope than engine doesn’t splutter out,’ said Bowden, not especially enjoying their voyage into doom.
‘Then you just pray I’m heading in the right direction,’ joked Peacock, as he angled them ever further out into empty ocean.
The more agitated Sergeant considered, beneath the canopy of his waterproofed hood,
‘It can’t be that far off the coast then, this ship.’
‘Quite so,’ agreed Peacock. ‘They’re meant to be broadcasting from outside of British waters; but if they’re making the journey to the ship and back in this tiny thing, then I wonder if they’re only just staying out of sight of land?’
After another interminable stretch of inching along, with the tiny vessel pitching wildly over every smallest wave, Bowden declared,
‘I’ve sat on all-night stakeouts that haven’t spooked me like this trip.’ He was rocked suddenly by a surge, and wiped water off his face with his equally wet sleeve. Uselessly so, before another wave hit from the same angle. ‘Imagine being a fisherman and getting this soaking very day? And that’s if the depression doesn’t get to you first,’ he went on, ‘seeing only grey sky and grey sea all hours, each day and every day?’
‘Ah,’ beamed Peacock, ‘but if you caught this view when the sky is blue and the sun is shimmering across flat ocean for miles in every direction, then you’d want to be out here “each day and every day.”’
Just then, at a distance indeterminate on the horizon, they each saw the tiniest twinkling light.
‘Well, hallelujah!’ declared Bowden. ‘There’s our ship!’ Though his relief at seeing the boat was instantly tempered by the apprehension of having to board the blinking thing. With the target in sight, the friendly banter subsided. Bowden’s voice had an edge, as he declared,
‘You’d better not crash right into their hull, Peacock – you’re meant to be someone who knows how to steer this boat.’
Peacock smiled, and countered,
‘And Bowden, when we get onboard, if you do have a gun on you that I don’t know about, remember: don’t fire downwards.’
Chapter 82 – The Gate


Gull put the Anglia back into first gear, and trundled along to the front gate of Cardow Hall. Outside the big house, in the shadow of its crumbling walls, Underwood instructed,
‘Wait here for me. Keep her running, and if you see anyone with a gun, turn and drive away.’
‘I’m coming with you,’ the old Constable stated, quite firmly.
‘We’ve been through this.’
‘But why not call it in?’ he pleaded, one last time.
‘And did you call everything in in France, Gull? Wait for officers’ orders every time you stumbled over an enemy foxhole?’
‘But there’d be more of us then,’ he reasoned, ‘and we’d all be armed.’
The Inspector shook his head,
‘It’s only a hunch that this fellow’s even out there. And if he is, then he’ll probably only want to dash away if he’s disturbed.’
‘How do you even know how to find this chalet?’ asked Gull, despairingly.
‘People must have been coming and going from it all the time,’ reasoned Underwood. ‘Now we know it’s there, then I’m sure I’ll find a path leading out from the back of the big house somewhere.’
He opened his door and stepped out,
‘Thank you,’ he said to Gull with sincerity, then slammed the door behind him and left.

It was still only eleven in the morning when Underwood approached the door of Cardow Hall. He went to knock, but caught himself and remembered his first visit. Instead, he pushed the round, brass handle, and again the door rolled back. It opened slowly and heavily, to reveal the same flagstones and tiger’s head rug he’d seen before.
There was no one inside, no sign of life, just like the last time. Something had changed, though. Somehow, his footfalls on the stone floor now sounded far too loud. He paused when he saw the huge staircase – his mission was to make his way toward the back of the house, but something told him to go up. He already had his hand on the gun beneath his suit-jacket.
‘Pray I won’t need it,’ he whispered to himself, as he moved without thinking to the old Lord’s chamber. For a moment he lost his way along the upstairs corridors, struggling to remember which passageway led to the Lord’s makeshift sickroom. Though he needn’t have worried, as an odd odour caught his nose, and led him on in grim expectation.
The scent was something medical, though not the sterile, alcohol pang that had haunted Underwood ever since his encounter on the beach. No, this was more like a smell remembered from France: of a wound not tidied up, of blood drying in the air. By the time he reached the bedroom, the stench was overpowering.
The room was black – he couldn’t see a thing as he entered. He threw open the heavy quilted curtains and pushed the windows, and coughed his lungs up as he breathed fresh air at last. He turned to see the old man lifeless in his bed. The machine beside him, previously an engine of lights and buzzers, was now as idle as the patient it was attached to.
He checked the machine – its plug had already been taken out of the power socket.
‘So, was it unplugged before or after he died?’ He asked the room, but the room didn’t answer.
Any sensible person, faced with that sight, would have turned and found Gull and called the body in. There was even a telephone in the hallway, with which to summon doctors that moment. But Underwood was on a mission.
Renewing his grasp on the German pistol, he turned and re-entered the grand landing. He headed back downstairs, and then towards the back of the house. He remembered the floor-plan of the building, and found the cold kitchen he had visited last time. There was the door they had opened. Broken glass lay on the floor beside it. 
He came out into the yard with its empty crates and cigarette ends. This time though, he took the path towards the lawn. Yet, on his way, his eye was caught by a patio at the back of the main house. It was formed of stone cut into intricate patterns, circles within squares, each one perfectly crafted. Once they must have looked spectacular, he thought, but now weeds grew between.
‘No one’s stood on these stones for years,’ he muttered, looking at the un-trampled dandelions around him. ‘This place has gone to seed!’
Though he also noticed torn-up turf where the stones met the start of the house’s huge lawn. Along with the cigarette butts, this was a second clue.
With the gun tight in his hand, he headed off across the lawn.
Chapter 83 – Ha-Ha


Underwood jogged out beyond the patio, across the perfect lawn… or not so perfect. As he moved further from the big house, he found the green was yellowing in some patches, and full of weeds in others. At one point he nearly went over a forgotten croquet hoop, left behind from an ancient game and stamped flat into the ground. Though that was not the end of it – as he resumed his run, he felt the ground disappear altogether. It vanished from under his feet, as he fell right off the edge of the world.
He found himself dazed, face-down on rougher turf, shadowed by some brick structure – where had that come from? He looked up to see a wall, supporting the raised ground beyond it. It had been cut into the earth so the barrier was invisible from the house, but would stop grazing animals from reaching the once-perfect croquet lawn.
‘A ha-ha wall!’ he remembered, and laughed, checking every bit of himself for injury. ‘Jesus, this place will kill me.’
He picked himself up, and carried on in his chosen direction.
‘They had their work cut out sculpting this place,’ he muttered, referring to the lawns all around him. The trees broke them up, though. He soon hit a bank of pine as solidly as he had the ha-ha wall. He was surrounded. He pushed the trees back to see his way, then grunted as a branch recoiled and hit him across the eyes.
‘No wonder hardly anyone knows this place is here!’
He paused to think what to do next. The ground was dry and covered in needles, so he sat down. By accident, he realised he could see the way ahead much more clearly down there, below the thick branches. And there, not ten steps ahead of him, utterly oblivious to his presence, were the feet, the torso, and the cigarette of a man standing smoking beside a mixed-stone wall.
Underwood held still, but tried to lower his head to get a better view. He saw the man’s face suddenly, and stiffened… but relaxed when he saw the man hadn’t spotted him in return. Instead, he was looking to one side, pensive, thoughtful even. He was only of medium build, average height, and wearing loafers, slacks and the kind of double-breasted cable-knit cardigan that pipe-smoking fathers were bought for wearing over their work shirts when they came home of an evening. His hair was greying, wiry, and brushed to one side.
Johnny Nobody, thought Underwood. Had he seen him in the flesh before? Of course he hadn’t: that was the whole point of his myth. Not for all the crimes of his that Underwood had attended, not for all the bodies and the aftermath, not for all the families to be informed of their loss. No, Underwood had never met the man. Not in his encounters with his former boss Severin, nor with his current boss, de Sayle, outside whose home Johnny Nobody now stood, relaxing with a cigarette, mere days after murdering…
The man was a weathervane, realised Underwood. Where the winds of the London crime scene blew, Johnny Nobody followed. And somehow, he had evaded capture, fingerprinting and sentence all that time. In a bolt of realisation, Underwood could see why: in his calm and pensive state, enjoying his smoke, there was an air of… intelligence about the man. Not academic brains, not for him degrees and mortarboards and graduation ceremonies. He would have been a working-class lad – dressed smartly, neat, raised well – but created somehow empty inside.
Underwood went into mental freeform on the subject of Johnny Nobody: It wouldn’t have been his parent’s fault that he turned out how he did – he didn’t look to be someone fighting inner demons. He chose crime, he wasn’t raised in it. He wasn’t strong-armed by fathers or uncles, wasn’t watching out for coppers while they made off with the contents of the jewellery store’s smashed window display. He didn’t have his ear clipped by the local bobby at the age of ten, his collar felt by twelve, a spell in borstal by fifteen…
As Underwood crouched behind the trees, he knew all of this as though reading from a crib sheet. He guessed it from the man’s clothes, his stance, the way he held his cigarette – he took casual puffs, he wasn’t burning it down to his fingers. Standing before Underwood was not some hardened lag, but a man with what might have been called ‘street smarts’. This man had quite calmly and considerately looked at his young options, saw where the money was, and known what he was capable of.
The picture became clear to Underwood: how both of the old Soho bosses had been scared of this enforcer, and not the other way around. He had been working for Severin; though Severin had probably been as worried of what he’d do next as Dennick had been. And then, one day, he casually moved over to de Sayle. And his old boss had clearly been powerless to stop him – for who else had ever moved outfits without retribution?
The man had no desire to be in charge, or else he would have taken someone over by now. No, this man only ever wanted to work, to earn. Though this would be on his own terms, only the jobs he would accept. And every boss he offered his services to would have been similarly struck by him. And they would have known exactly what he could do for them. And they would have granted him whatever he asked.
Underwood’s head was spinning – and it wasn’t only after going over the ha-ha wall. For there were two more things he felt he knew as facts: one, that he would soon have to confront this man, in this isolated house in the grounds of a deserted hall, in the middle of a wood and far from the nearest town.
And two, that there was no way that Johnny Nobody would not already know that he was there.
Chapter 84 – Chinaman Allayed


‘Bobby Rocks told us to look out for the rope ladder,’ reminded Peacock, as the dinghy came ever nearer to the big ship, ‘hanging over the rear-port side.’
‘And which side is that?’ asked Bowden.
Thankfully though, the ladder soon became clear through the drizzle, and Peacock steered them towards it. As their little dinghy neared the steel hull, the size-differential magnified.
‘It’ll be like vaulting a castle wall,’ said Bowden.
‘We don’t have to vault anywhere,’ said Peacock. ‘Keep your hat over your face and your coat done up, and they won’t know who we are till we’re on board.’
‘And then it all goes like clockwork…’ He cursed.
A few yards out, a longer rope came over the edge for them. Bowden reached and grabbed for it, before it went into the deep and would have to be cast again. Peacock killed the engine, as Bowden tied the rope to the dinghy’s cleats. The rope pulled them in, as both men reached out for the rope-ladder.
As they neared to within a few feet, the water chopped up especially, banging the two hulls together in a clamorous clank like an off-kilter church bell.
This was it. The two officers shared a look. Peacock reached for the ladder first; though he couldn’t remember which character each were meant to be playing.
Peacock went up. With both hands and feet engaged in the climb, he was a sitting duck out there, swinging in the wind. The only blessing was that, from that angle, his features were entirely obscured by the enormous yellow waterproof hat.
His stomach sank, and not only as the big boat moved on the tide and swung the ladder under the eaves of the steel hull, and then back out into the wet air. What was awaiting them up there? How had they ever thought that this could work? If they had only had one authentic member of the ship’s crew still among them, to climb up first, engage the crew with banter, distract them as the others boarded, then maybe, just maybe they might have overcome the greeting party before the alarm was raised. But, as it was, he could only keep on clambering, one rung at a time, and hope, hope that some unseen factor would come to their aid.
Peacock felt a pull on the rope ladder. He looked down, and saw Bowden following him up. Doubling their numbers cheered him, but moving in serial like that, they could still only get on board one at a time – it would be the slowest attempt to overcome a vessel ever seen.
Before he could think any more on it though, a giant arm reached over the side, and single-handedly pulled Peacock over the metal lip and onto the deck. It was the Chinaman, without a shirt or shoes. The water in the air slicked his hair down to the scalp. Through the murk, he looked at Peacock in his waterproofs for only a moment, before reaching over for Bowden.
There was no one else on deck – this was Peacock’s moment. Though, now it came to it, he did nothing. There had been something soulful and imperious in the Chinaman’s eyes as he had lifted him over, and no intent to hurt as he had reached for him and pulled him aboard. Yet, there was no doubting in Peacock’s mind, that the sailor would know that the men he was hauling back on board were not the same ones he had seen off an hour before.
Bowden was similarly lifted aboard, and looked immediately for Peacock. For a moment the three men on deck shared an uneasy silence.
‘Come,’ was all the Chinaman said to break the spell, and walked off toward a wooden cabin, forward of the landing deck.
‘This isn’t right,’ said Bowden as they followed him.
‘I know,’ answered Peacock, who felt the same.
In the cabin though, it began to come clear.
A surprisingly flimsy wooden door clattered open to the Chinaman’s push, the glass shaking in its frame. It opened onto warmth and light, and all the smells of a crew in confinement. These ranged from welcome odours – food, drink, warm linen – to those less so – sweat, vegetables, and shared washing water.
The room seemed to serve as the ship’s galley. In it were a cast of characters that, to the officers’ eyes, shared little in common. Except, however, that all were less drenched than the Chinaman, either from the rain outside, or from the humidity within. And there was one feature that they did share – the fact that all of them appeared to have been expecting their visitors.
Chapter 85 – An Audience With…


‘Do you have guns?’ asked a young male voice. Peacock took off his ridiculous yellow hat, and looked around. Bowden did likewise. Both clocked a fresh-faced man with piercing eyes and soft, brown beard, who looked for all the world like a Renaissance Christ. And this impression wasn’t only formed by the long hair that framed his face, or by the flowing clothes that hailed from distant lands. It was something in the way that those around him shared in his reflected light.
‘No,’ answered Peacock, who was weaponless, as was Bowden. Though nothing more was asked of them, and they weren’t frisked. The pause that followed gave Peacock a chance to scan the membership of what must have been the warmest and most comfortable room aboard, as everyone seemed to be there:
There were two men with clipped hair and white short-sleeved shirts, busying themselves with valves and soldering irons. Beside them sat a balding man with a ponytail, wearing oily overalls which were open to the waist over a sunburnt torso. At the other end of the galley table was a fellow who looked like a nightclub compere. He was surveying a twelve-inch vinyl record for imperfections. His velvet jacket, though, had seen better days.
Bowden preferred to keep his eyes firmly on the Chinaman, who he had quickly identified as the key threat. However, the man-mountain only paused to throw a cooking apron over his tanned, shining shoulders, before making his way back to a grimy white stove at the other end of the room.
‘Were you sent by my Dad?’
The voice came from a young woman with long, dark hair. She was sitting beside the oven, away from the others and not visible at first.
‘We’re Police,’ answered Peacock.
‘Well, Sergeant Peacock,’ joked Alexander de Sayle, ‘in your case, that hardly answers the question.’
Those who got the reference laughed at the joke. Including the compere-guy, who placed his long player back in its paper sheath, and took another disc out to inspect.
‘Miss, I do know your father,’ answered Peacock, ‘but I’m not here to take you home. You can do that of your own volition. Though, I will tell him where you are the next time I see him.’
There was no response. Jacqueline Severin looked listless, bored, thought Peacock. She must have wondered what she’d signed up for.
‘I hope you don’t mind us all being here for this little talk,’ said de Sayle eventually. ‘A ship like this can get draughty in a storm,’ he chuckled, ‘it’s good to huddle up. And none of us is going anywhere anytime soon, eh?’
The atmosphere disarmed the two officers – it was like a youth club. Peacock wondered whether this cramped galley was something like the infamous short-lived ‘Moroccan Star’ coffee shop, that Asquith and de Sayle had opened up in the heart of Carlo Serevin’s territory in Soho? But Peacock couldn’t be put-off. He had certain notices he was duty-bound to perform,
‘Mr de Sayle, and company. I should announce myself formally as Detective Sergeant Peacock, and this is Detective Sergeant Bowden. We are here in connection with the deaths of an as-yet-unidentified young woman, known in the papers as the “Girl in the Field”, and of a second woman, named Alice Grey. The latter, and possibly both of these women, were known to you, I believe, sir. We would like to ask you about these incidents, either here, or ideally take you back to the mainland.’
The assembled crew heard these notices with little more interest than had been shown to anything said in the room previously. Though he carried on undaunted,
‘I should warn you, sir, that we have the Coastguard standing by. And that any attempt by yourself to leave UK regional waters before we’ve had a chance to formally question you will be blocked, and will result in this vessel being impounded.’
‘You’re welcome to it,’ joked one of the technicians, to bemused laughter from the others. From the besuited compere came the slightest of chuckles, though he hadn’t even turned from his vinyl collection to face Peacock’s bold pronouncements. It was his boss who answered for all of them, when he spoke,
‘You haven’t grasped it yet, have you, Sergeant?’ De Sayle rose for emphasis, ‘I’m not on this boat to get away – I’m here to have an offshore alibi for whatever goes down at Cardow Hall today – an alibi as cast-iron as the hull beneath us. And you, Sergeant, are the one who will provide it.’
Chapter 86 – Nobody


Inspector Jake Underwood, of Thameside Station, London, waited, kneeling, hidden by the dense pine trees whose branches met to form one network of camouflaging foliage. He waited, until the man known as Johnny Nobody stamped out his cigarette butt, and returned to the house he had been smoking outside of. As he opened the door, so Underwood caught the faint sound of the television, extinguished again as it closed behind the departing figure.
Underwood worked through the logic, remorselessly – here was possibly the murderer of Alice Grey, hiding out in the sex-den of Alex de Sayle. Alone, on the run, laying low. Yet still the man dressed smartly; he obeyed some inbuilt personal code about going outside the house to smoke; and then, even after all he’d done, he could go back in and watch TV, apparently unruffled.
Underwood held Gull’s old gun ever tighter inside his jacket, and raised up into a crouch to pass beneath the thickest branches of the trees. He approached the house knowing it would not make any difference how he did so. In a few moments, he was in the clear. He stretched and stood where Johnny Nobody had been moments earlier. At last he could see the place properly – actually, it was quite a simple little bungalow, with large picture windows looking out towards the trees.
Inside, though, were stylish features, like the extensive glazing, and a decorative brick fireplace and surrounds. Underwood thought about the old Lord who had built it, and realised – this was less the palace of Bacchanalia he had prepared himself for. Instead, it was the private retreat of someone stylish – a fierce contrast to the gaudy Hall.
Underwood approached the door. He turned the handle, and entered slowly.
As he did so, so Johnny Nobody rose from his armchair at a similar pace. Though only to walk to the television, and turn the sound off.
Underwood remained standing inside the door. This was still within the kitchen area – the house was surprisingly open-plan. From the lounge area, Johnny turned to face him, calmly, and with open body-language. He looked disarming in his woolly top. He had even taken off his loafers after coming inside.
‘I knew you wouldn’t pull the trigger before facing me.’
Underwood heard the Scottish brogue, and something clicked: Calvinist upbringing, head-down, work ethic. Only, in this case, tied to something insane.
Underwood found he was happy to let the man speak; which he did,
‘I remember you came up to Dennick’s apartment once, and he hid me in a wardrobe!’ The man chuckled at the memory. ‘I wasn’t even offended, I just thought it was ridiculous. But then, he could be ridiculous, sometimes, couldn’t he? No worry though, I knew I didn’t have to stay with him forever.’
So, thought Underwood: Johnny Nobody had worked for all three of them in turn – Dennick, Severin, and de Sayle. And the fortunes of each had depended on his presence.
‘And was Severin any better a boss?’ asked Underwood.
‘Severin was always down on his uppers, coming from nothing and scared that someone would put him back there. It wore on him – it wore on me! And then, he wanted me to bodyguard his daughter? Well, I didn’t have time for that.’
Underwood improvised,
‘So instead, you let Alex de Sayle steal her away, before going to work for him yourself?’
‘Something like that.’
‘When de Sayle was the one man Severin was trying to keep Jacqueline away from?’
‘It sounds wicked when you put it like that.’
‘And what’s de Sayle like to work for?’
‘A boy. If he makes anything of himself, Inspector, it will be with my backing.’
‘So, will you back him?’
Johnny Nobody chortled, ‘And do you think the way he’s handled things so far commends him to me at all?’ The man raised his arms to gesture to his current surroundings and situation. ‘Look at where I’ve ended up.’
‘You need someone to work for,’ said Underwood, shaking his head. ‘You’ve never liked to wear the crown yourself.’
But Johnny Nobody didn’t answer. Instead he pondered aloud,
‘Alex hoped you’d come for me. He wanted that bright lad of yours to go for him.’
‘Peacock can handle de Sayle,’ spat Underwood.
‘Do you think Alex is worried for his safety? Have you met his Chinaman?’
There was something off in the man’s tone, Underwood knew it, but he couldn’t pin it down. It all came clear though when he couldn’t help himself, and started playing cruel, beginning with the line,
‘He wants your lad, Inspector, ‘cos he knows he’s turnable, the way I told him he was, the way I saw Severin turn him.’
‘Severin didn’t turn Peacock.’
Johnny Nobody smiled, ‘Then you spend your final moments in that happy state of delusion.’
Underwood took an intake of breath, reminded of the danger he was in. Though, no shot came – there was no movement in either man’s position. He risked asking,
‘So, you were left here to finish me off? What, so then Peacock could take over? Become Inspector at Thameside Station, just like that?’
‘Not right away,’ said the man, ‘but over time, and with the right assistance from other people Alex knows, people inside and outside of the Force.’
Johnny Nobody turned casually, and picked up a tumbler from the glass coffee table in front of where he had been sitting. He lifted it to his mouth and drained its few last contents, then said,
‘I’m sure Alex would have wanted me to offer you a drink, Inspector. But if you aren’t going to be here long enough to enjoy it, then I’d only end up pouring it back into the bottle.’
Underwood didn’t see the tumbler until it was two feet in front of his face. Throwing himself down, it missed him by inches, shattering against the doorframe behind where he’d been standing.
Once on the floor, he scrambled for cover behind a kitchen unit, and pulled the gun from his jacket. Yet, two bullets whistled past him before he could even look up to see what to aim for.
Underwood couldn’t see his assailant from where he was hiding behind the unit. He could though just make out the corner of the television, still flickering away silently on a children’s show, two men with plant pots on their heads. In a fit of movement, that he afterwards couldn’t have fathomed the inspiration for, he aimed and fired right into screen, turning away before it exploded in a hail of glass shards.
Chapter 87 – The Forest


‘God, damn!’ he heard Johnny Nobody curse. Though Underwood was only happy that the shots being fired at him had ended for the moment. He jumped up, swung around, and fired his second and third round into… the sofa, with his target nowhere to be seen.
Smashed glass and drops of blood were scattered on the floor, some mere feet from where Underwood had been hiding. Hunter or hunted, there was still no other option. He ran to where Johnny Nobody had been watching television, looking for his way out. A short hallway led to three other doors, only one of which was open. As Underwood lurched, low, towards it, gun raised, a bullet hit him in the arm and spun him around.
He grimaced, but stayed silent in agony, remembering how his enemy’s complaint had given him away. Underwood focused – although he’d been winged, adrenalin was keeping him alert. Through gritted teeth, he flung himself back up against the hall wall… though no more shots came. From where he stood, he could see through into a ground floor bedroom. He saw its window wide open, with its net curtain blowing in the breeze.
‘So, I have to be brave all over again?’ he muttered to himself. He crawled quickly to the window, and found its frame was covered in blood – that cathode-ray grenade was still winning him the battle.
Now, though, came the woods beyond. However Johnny Nobody had got through, Underwood couldn’t follow without putting his gun down. He considered the window frame, and his one good arm. Instead, he turned from the room, and went back through the house, to go out the way he had come in.

Finding the trees again, the Inspector pelted into them. He knew he hadn’t long before the adrenaline wore off, and he passed out from shock or loss of blood. Not seeing his adversary anywhere, nor being able to follow spots of blood on the mossy floor, he had to stop, hide, and listen out for the smallest noise.
Johnny though had clearly heard Underwood’s progress, and shouted out from a terrifyingly near position,
‘There’s only us two here, by the way. In case you thought the butler might come running.’
His voice was haggard, gasping. Underwood felt victory was possible. His enemy went on,
‘Only we will know what happens here today. And, however it ends, I don’t suppose the one left standing will want anyone else ever knowing.’
‘It doesn’t have to be like this,’ said Underwood, like an idiot policeman, instantly cursing himself for giving his position away.
Two bullets thudded into the tree next to the one he was crouched behind. He fired one back in their general direction, stupidly, wastefully. Though, his volley silenced things again, before he heard the sound of someone breaking cover, stumbling away, bashing into branches as he went.
Johnny Nobody took a step somewhere, rustling greenery and breaking dry twigs on the ground,
‘See…’ he answered, tauntingly, ‘when you say that “It doesn’t have to be like this,” I think you really mean it.’
Underwood stayed low and still, guessing that his adversary couldn’t move as fast as him. He was losing blood from his arm, but Johnny’s wound must have been limiting his movement too, or else a man like that would have already picked him off.
When Underwood sensed a distance between them, he slowly, quietly, started to follow.
All sorts of thoughts ran through his head as he crawled through the undergrowth: how many shots had Johnny fired? Was it five? So, one left in the chamber. Had Johnny had time to pick up spares? He guessed not, as the man had been caught on the hop. Though Underwood knew that, for all his enemy’s phoney bonhomie, smoking cigarettes and watching television, he would have been prepared for unannounced visitors.
As Underwood moved slowly, cautiously, forwards, he began to see the light through the branches. He was nearly back at the clearing, where he had fallen from the ha-ha wall – did Johnny really want to move the fight out there?
He also knew the other man might only have one bullet left. Let him use it, thought Underwood. Survive that single round, and the battle was his. That was, if Gull’s antique Luger held out…
He was right – a call came from across the forest, that fake-chummy Scottish burr again,
‘We both know where this is going. You won’t beat me in the open.’
Underwood kept his mouth shut, and tried to place the voice. Then came further rustling, with his target moving away again, towards the clear ground. Underwood followed, then suddenly found himself out on the lawn. He fell back quickly to find one of the last big trees for cover. To have all that open range ahead of him, with neither shooter having any protection… He was suddenly terrified, in a way he hadn’t been all through the fight. He felt like a duellist! Each man takes twelve paces, then turns.
He looked out across that lawn like a sailor looking out from deck at a stormy sea. His stomach went, his knees went, he couldn’t find the horizon – blood loss, his suit was soaking all down one side – he hadn’t noticed it before then. ‘Damn, I love this shirt,’ he mumbled. Darkness was closing in on him.
‘You didn’t get the memo from London?’ called the taunting Scotsman. ‘This case is closed.’
‘They don’t know I’m here,’ he answered, genuinely lost.
‘Oh, you stupid idiot.’ Johnny Nobody rose up then, looking no healthier himself, but taking three decisive steps towards Underwood. He walked in a limping line along the edge of the trees, making no effort to cover himself. He raised his revolved, spitting,
‘When you get to hell, give Alice Grey a kiss from me.’
Chapter 88 – The Yarmouth Cabbie


Back at the Harbour quay, Clodagh and Oliver had come out from their watching post. They now stood grimly in the building rain, watching the sea and waiting.
‘I wish we knew what was going on out there,’ said Oliver for the fourth time. Clodagh wondered how to give the same answer she had the first three times; when she saw a figure running towards them.
‘A telephone call from Miss Gull,’ said the gasping Harbourmaster. ‘She needs an officer back at the Station House right away, and her brother’s not contactable.’
The two junior officers looked at each other.
‘I’ll go,’ said Clodagh.
‘But…!’ protested Oliver.
‘One of us has to stay!’ she answered, and that was that.
‘I’ll give you a lift,’ said the Harbourmaster as they jogged back toward land.
‘No, it’s near. I’ll run over.’

It wasn’t far, but in that weather even a short run left her face and hair soaked after her hood had blown down.
She dashed into the House, breathless, as Miss Gull silently gestured to the sitting room. Entering the room with its warm fire, Clodagh saw a man in donkey jacket and slacks. He put his cup of tea down and stood as she approached him.
‘I’m here for Sergeant Peacock,’ he announced.
‘He’s working in another part of town this morning,’ she replied. ‘I’m WPC Bryce. I work with Sergeant Peacock. How can I help?’
‘Jackie Dawlish.’ He stuck out a calloused hand to shake. ‘He left a note for me at the taxi rank.’
‘Thank God.’ Clodagh let her professionalism slip, but soon regained herself. ‘Sorry, it’s just that we were beginning to fear we’d never find you.’
‘Eh?’
‘You’ve proven hard to pin down these recent days.’
‘Well, I was at my old Ma’s. She lives out along the coast. She doesn’t have a radio; and she screams blue murder if I bring a paper into the house, “Those politicians,” she says, “they’re all the same!”’
Clodagh wished he’d get to the point, which he soon did,
‘Anyway, I got the note this morning and phoned. But Miss Gull didn’t know when the Sergeant would be back, so I decided to come and wait for him.’
‘Did his note say why we wanted to speak with you?’
‘No, but I can guess. The “Girl in the Field”, right? I read that she was found near here. A young girl, in a blue dress?’
Clodagh nodded.
‘I remember her. She was almost my last call before I broke off work to go to Ma’s. And it was a strange one.’
‘How so?’
Back in his armchair with his cup of tea, the cabbie told his tale,
‘Well, it was just like any other fare at first, nothing special. I work along the East Coast mainly, though I’ll take a trip to London if the fare is right. Anyway, I was at Yarmouth taxi rank, outside the Railway Station. It was around lunchtime – I couldn't tell you better that that. It’s a busier time than you’d think. Once your businessmen have been and gone at rush hour, then the wives come up to town later on.
‘And there she was among them, this pretty girl in a blue dress… kind of bluey-green, to tell the truth. Anyway, I was glad I caught her fare, as she looked like someone different to talk to, not your run of the mill, you know? Sometimes those business wives can be snooty, not wanting to pass the time of day with a working man like myself.
‘Well, in she hopped, the girl. Full of hope and expectation, she was. “Big day?” I asked. “I hope so,” she replied, “I have a job interview.” And she began rummaging around in her kitbag for a piece of paper, a letter in fact.’
‘What kind of letter?’
‘Oh, properly typed, in a white envelope, good paper.’
‘Did it bear a company name?’
‘Oh sorry, I couldn’t see from the front seat. But she started reading off a list of…’
‘Her accent?’ asked Clodagh suddenly.
‘Oh, London. But nice with it, you know?’
‘Okay, sorry, go on.’
‘Yeah, well, anyway she starts reading out this list of numbered directions. “One, take the third exit. Two, bear left at the milk depot.” I asked her, “Is this a mystery tour?” and she giggled and said, “I thought the same when I read it. But the Doctor says right here that it shouldn’t be hard to find.”’
Chapter 89 – Post-Haste


The Inspector lay prone on the grass, as the man approached. He came so close that his shadow hung over him as he raised his gun. Injured, he tried to counter, though felt jarring pain all down one side of his body. He prepared himself, he stared at his adversary – he would see his end when it came, not look away.
Two shots came from the right then, hitting Johnny Nobody in the side of the face. Through his blurred vision, Underwood watched the man’s jaw first judder like a boxer taking a right hook, then come away and swing to one side as the second blow took it out of its socket.
He went down like a hunted animal, hot and heavy and instant.
Underwood went down too, slow and languid, deeper into the green turf beneath him, as if falling into a lover’s arms. His arm fell back to his side, lowering the antique gun he had managed to half-raise. He wouldn’t need it now, but couldn’t let it go. He didn’t want to spend a minute of the time he had left without that weapon held close.
He looked across the lawn, and saw a smoking pistol going back under the folds of Carlo Severin’s huge leather coat.
‘What d’you do that for?’ pleaded Underwood, like a kid who’d had his conker smashed the moment before dealing the winning blow. ‘I had him.’
Severin laughed, ‘Do you reckon? You did him some damage though.’
The London killer breathed the country air, took in his surroundings, then declared,
‘Oh, that feels good. I wish I’d done it years ago.’
‘Why didn’t you?’
A wistfulness came over the features of the railway-arch king,
‘Someone has to take the first shot.’
Underwood took it as a compliment. He still complained,
‘I had him, though.’
Severin smiled again,
‘And do you reckon you could have carried him into Norwich Police Station full of bullets from that Luger of yours? No questions asked?’ Severin laughed at the thought, then went on, ‘No, much better this way. My men’ll have him away and forgotten about by teatime. And then, Inspector, you can spend the rest of your long and blameless life travelling the motorways of our great nation, wondering every moment whether this is the mile of concrete that the killer of your Alice Grey is buried under.’

The blood loss began to tell on Underwood, however, as he began to drift in and out of consciousness.
‘What are you doing?’ he spluttered, fading out and coming back to find Severin kneeled beside him, and trying to take him by his good arm.
‘I’m trying to get this suit off and tied around your arm before you pass out. You’re going to have to let go of that pistol too.’
‘You’re not having it!’ he called out suddenly.
‘I don’t want it,’ laughed Severin. ‘You keep it as a memento. Though, I’d empty it first.’ He lifted the weapon, still in Underwood’s hand, and fired the remaining rounds into the side of the nearest tree. ‘There, now you can put it safe on your mantelpiece.’
Two of Severin’s men came by then,
‘Is he all right?’ asked one.
‘He’ll live.’
‘We’ve brought the car round, boss,’ said the other.
‘Nobody?’
‘He’s in the boot.’
‘It’s all that he deserves.’ Severin looked down again at Underwood. ‘When you say your prayers tonight, Inspector, be thankful that it’s him going under the flyover this day and not you.’
‘I wouldn’t deserve a peat bog,’ he moaned.
‘Come, come, what are you on about? You’ve won the day! You’ve closed the case! All we need now is for your fellows on the boat to bring my Jacqueline back to me, and then you might even end up in my good books, Inspector.’
At that moment, despite every protestation, Underwood fell into a sound and dreamless sleep.
For some reason, though, Carlo Severin wouldn’t let him rest. He kept waking him, with slaps to the face and even fingers jabbed in his arm-wound.
‘Now, now, Inspector,’ he was saying, ‘don’t go leaving us now, not on your day of triumph.’ The Inspector also heard him shouting at his man driving the car, ‘Can’t you go any faster? Where’s that bloody Peacock when you need him? The day I need my grand prix driver more than ever, and he’s off on a pleasure cruise!’
The sick man also caught random lines of dialogue:
‘His name’s Bloom… Some quack in town… Peacock clocked him… He was always calling at the Hall… Treating de Sayle’s old dad, or something…’

Underwood next remembered waking in a long, white room. He’d been there before, but couldn’t place it. He only recalled the faint antiseptic smell. Something else came back to him then, and he wretched.
‘That’s right, Inspector. Bring it all up. You’re in good hands now!’ This was Severin, booming again, almost like he wanted to stop Underwood from getting off to sleep or something. ‘You’ll be all right if we leave him here then?’ he asked of someone else in the room? ‘We’ve got a hot cargo to deliver!’ he laughed. ‘I’ll phone you this evening then, Inspector! Come round for a drink! You can meet Jacqueline!’
Underwood managed to pat Severin on the sleeve of his wool-lined jacket, before he and his men dashed away.
Another blur came then… broken by the image of a new figure looming over him, someone with a pale face and a curl of dark hair.
‘I’m sorry,’ said the pale man, standing over him. And then he pulled a length of cord taught between both hands.
Chapter 90 – On the Deck of the FS Claude Monet


‘Talk with me,’ said de Sayle. He gestured for Peacock to follow him as he left the crowded galley for the rain-swept deck.
Bowden placed an urgent hand on Peacock’s arm. Peacock gave him a look of: it’s okay, before following their host through the clattering spring-door he was holding open for him.
De Sayle settled within the eaves of a gunmetal bulkhead, where they at least had some shelter. The sky was now so dark, it felt like night.
‘It’s not as warm out here,’ said de Sayle, ‘but we’ll have some privacy.’
‘Sergeant Bowden just tried to stop me leaving with you,’ said Peacock. ‘And he was right. I can’t make an agreement with you like this.’
‘Though I’ll you offer one anyway.’ De Sayle started with the backstory,
‘The girl was an accident, a horrible mistake. It was my own fault really. It was Bloom, you know – had you figured that one out? Sometimes I invited him to Shoreditch, while Alice was “auditioning”.’
‘Interviewing for secretaries?’ asked Peacock.
‘If you want to maintain that fiction, yes. I would bring our good Doctor along for a day out. He had an eye for the ladies, and he seemed to enjoy it. And he did such a lot of good for us, making mercy runs to London and back. He was always being called to Harley Street. It was excellent cover – who would ever suspect a doctor with a case full of medicine?
‘Anyway, I wasn’t there to supervise him that last time – you had seen to that, Sergeant – I couldn’t show my face at any of the offices. Though still, friend Bloom came along to see the pretty girls; and there was one in particular he liked the look of. Alice warned him, “She’s too suburban, Bloom, too strait-laced.” But it was that very innocence that drew him, and it drew him like a flame!
‘Alice phoned me to warn me,’ continued de Sayle, ‘though I had my own concerns right then, and I thought no more about it. As for Bloom, he was always at the Hall to treat my father. And, when I had to stay away, well, he had the run of the place!’
De Sayle smiled, changing the subject,
‘Oh yes, Sergeant. I was well aware of you.’
‘But you never let me catch you,’ noted Peacock.
‘You came close a couple of times. That bed and breakfast in Cromer? We were hiding in my car as you walked in.’
Peacock bristled. De Sayle smiled though,
‘Oh, don’t take it so badly, Sergeant. I’ve had terriers who didn’t do the job you did. Jacqueline’s father got more than his money’s worth.’
‘But the Doctor?’ asked Peacock.
‘Well, it turns out that he phoned that useless Miss Rachael at the office that evening, asking for the girl’s address. Then he wrote her some kind of letter, with a train ticket and a five-pound note inside.’
Chapter 91 – What the Cab Driver Said


‘“The Doctor says…”’
The cabbie’s words became a blur. Something slumped in Clodagh. She knocked a cup off the table, which hit a chair leg with a crash.
‘Oh, I’m sorry!’ she called out.
‘Don’t worry, dear,’ answered Miss Gull warmly, hearing the noise and quickly coming in to clear away the pieces. ‘This house has seen much worse.’
‘Please go on,’ said Clodagh to the driver.
‘Well, that’s it really,’ remembered Dawlish. ‘We followed the instructions to the letter – they led us down the Norwich Road, almost out onto the coast. Then we found this big old house, a Hall I think it was, all surrounded by woods. The gates were open – just as this letter said they would be – and she hopped out onto the drive. She paid me with a crisp note, pulled from the same envelope. “The letter says this should cover it”, she said – which it did, handsomely – “and keep the change.” “Good luck,” I said, and she was off.’
The man’s tone changed,
‘Poor mite. Was that the place, Constable? That Hall? Do you know the place I mean?’
‘Yes, I’ve heard my colleagues talk of it.’ Clodagh tried to breath, and think what to do next. She leaned and called through to the hallway, asking Miss Gull,
‘Is there any word from the others?’
The woman looked around the door and shook her head,
‘Not yet.’
Clodagh had no choice. She asked,
‘Mr Dawlish. I know it’s foul weather, but would you come with me and help me with something?’
‘In a heartbeat,’ he answered. ‘For that poor girl, I’d do anything.’
‘Very good, please come with me.’
Chapter 92 – The Explanation


‘I don’t want to hear any more of this!’ declared Peacock on the deck of the ship. ‘I can’t take a statement without a fellow officer to corroborate!’
‘Lord! This isn’t a statement,’ de Sayle slammed the palm of his hand against the grey metal bulkhead, making it clang, ‘it’s an explanation. And will you please let me finish?’
Peacock took a step back. De Sayle went on,
‘After that, it all went south with a bullet. The girl must have arrived at the Hall as Bloom had hoped. And then “something” happened. Who can say what? The papers don’t hint at anything “untoward” occurring to her. I hope that’s true?’
Peacock nodded. De Sayle went on,
‘I guess he drank then, and woke too late… The idiot must have thought he could get her body to the beach, for the tide. She was found outside, no?’
Peacock nodded again.
‘Well, that was where it all began for me. I got a hysterical phone call from him at my hotel around seven in the morning – I only trusted a couple of key people with my whereabouts each night, you see. Samuel Asquith drove up from London to meet me, and we rushed to the Hall. Your colleagues hadn’t reached it yet, thankfully.
‘We have a chalet out the back, in the woods. Did you find that when you were looking for me?’
De Sayle took Peacock’s silence for a no, and smiled,
‘Well then, I could have stashed myself away there these past few weeks, and saved myself a lot of running.’
‘I’ve heard stories of the place since,’ said Peacock.
‘I’m sure you have. It was father’s originally, always very useful for “entertaining”. And it passed to me once he was no longer able to use it; and then Bloom found his own use for it. I wonder how he lured the poor girl there? I wonder what story he told her?’
Peacock hated the look on de Sayle’s face as he indulged himself in these lurid speculations, almost like he was enjoying it, as if reading a gruesome whodunnit.
‘Anyway,’ de Sayle went on, ‘that morning we arrived at the chalet to find Bloom gone – he’d already been called to the crossroads, to examine the body he himself had left there hours earlier!’
‘“Left”?’ queried Peacock. ‘“Dumped” would be the better word.’
‘No,’ said de Sayle, decisively. ‘“Dumped” implies intent. He would never have meant to leave her there. He would simply have run out of steam, or lost his nerve and hurried back to safety. I don’t know – he’s been in your orbit ever since, with your Inspector coming and going from his place. I haven’t spoken to him directly.
‘But anyway, there we were, Samuel and I, sat in the chalet where the girl must have died, and no one there to tell us what had happened… I couldn’t take it in. It felt unreal to me. Sammy had his head screwed on, though – he phoned the Shoreditch Office and had that ghastly plain woman pull the girl’s file for him. Though he didn’t tell her why.
‘And all that time, a crime scene was going on a mile along the road…’
De Sayle’s tone changed,
‘We should have called your people, I know. I’m sure it’s a common thing for you, Sergeant, people not coming forward once things have got out of hand?’
‘I’ve known it before,’ he agreed.
‘Then you might have some sympathy… no, not sympathy – I see you bridling at the word. Let’s say, understanding?’
Peacock realised that de Sayle was waiting for an answer.
‘I’ll accept that, as far as it goes.’
‘Good, good.’ De Sayle was evidently heartened by the response. He produced a pack of Player’s Cigarettes, offering one to Peacock, who shook his head. De Sayle shielded the flame as he lit his own. “Jesus!” he declared. He took a drag and threw his head back, his hair blowing in the wind.
Chapter 93 – The Story of the Doctor


‘I should have seen it coming,’ declared de Sayle. ‘Bloom left alone in that big old Hall all day with my dying father. Thinking back, I’d never seen him with a girl who wasn’t one I found for him. He might even be a virgin. And I was becoming concerned at what I suspected was his own drug use.’
‘Why are you telling me all this?’
‘Because I’m hoping we can form an accord, Sergeant. And I want to start with a clean slate. Which brings me on to the second part of our discussion. You’re Severin’s man, no?’
‘No, I’m not!’ blasted Peacock.
‘Sorry, sorry. Let me rephrase.’
‘Just get to the point,’ he cursed.
De Sayle went on,
‘I only mean, that you have an idea of what Carlo Severin has been up to, and why he hates me. It’s not about wanting his daughter back – and frankly, the way she’s been carrying on while we’ve been stuck on board this ship, he can have her! No. I made a bad decision two years ago. I bought a property on his patch, and he hasn’t let me forget it.’
‘The Moroccan Star?’
The man grinned, ‘Never has so much trouble been caused by so inconsequential an enterprise, Sergeant. He torched the place in the end. I’ve left the empty lot to him, and he hasn’t done a thing with it. But, in his mind, that whole sorry episode marked me out as his rival. And a man can’t spend his days looking over his shoulder, Sergeant. So, I found myself a bodyguard, a fixer, a man who knew every face in London.’
‘Johnny Nobody?’
He grinned again, ‘You’ve heard the name?’
‘Severin mentioned him.’
‘As well he might. Indeed, it turned out that everyone in London knew him! And was terrified of him! I’d struck gold, Sergeant. I could go about my business as I pleased, and nobody would touch me! And do you know when I realised that? It was when I first saw fear in old man Severin’s eyes! Jacquie saw it too. That was the moment she knew she could leave him, leave him for me.’
Peacock wished that they could wrap up this outdoor tete-a-tete, as it was freezing cold on deck. But he also knew that it might be his one and only chance to hear the story from de Sayle’s own mouth.
And still it went on,
‘However, I fear I allowed myself to be naive, Sergeant. Perhaps I didn’t fully appreciate quite how Johnny Nobody had acquired his reputation. I didn’t realise it until I had a “situation” myself to tidy up. And only then did I see what my Johnny might mean by the words “tidy up”.
‘The second murder,’ murmured Peacock.
‘That wretched day…’ continued de Sayle. ‘I called Alice from the chalet. She was already talking with your Inspector. It was killing her to lie to him. You can tell him that, I hope he’ll appreciate it.
‘Alice was the saddest of any of us about the girl, but she was holding it together. She felt that she’d convinced your Inspector that the girl hadn’t been one of ours. And she hadn’t been, really – Alice had held back from taking her on, even as a straight secretary, worried she’d have Bloom turning up in Shoreditch with bunches of roses for her. Alice couldn’t believe Bloom had sidestepped her to get the girl’s address; and how badly it had all turned out.
‘And what about the Doctor himself? Can you believe that he and Alice were both at the crime scene that morning and didn’t let on? Didn’t even show that they knew each other? Yet, she found the mental strength within her – she was tough, that one. She’d coped with a lot in her life, perhaps you know that already. As for Bloom though… I think he must have had the ether swirling behind his eyes to be getting through that day, and not leaving a clue.’
Peacock recalled the scene himself – no, he’d picked up no sign from either of them.
De Sayle shook his head in disbelief,
‘To be back where he’d left the girl lying hours before, and not letting on to anyone? I know that he was shattered by evening time, though – that’s how addicts do it. The drug puts all the best parts of you together in one burst; and then all the sleep needed to pay for it kills you for half a week.
‘But then, our friend Bloom knew all about addiction. It meant he wasn’t fazed to find the law against him, he’d been there before. And he couldn’t complain when Johnny Nobody turned up and started reading him the Riot Act. Johnny did the same with Sammy Asquith too. In fact, Sammy rather crumpled under him. So much so, that he obeyed his instructions to book a private room, demand Alice to come to London, and then leave her to Johnny when she got there.’
De Sayle held Peacock in a deep stare right then, transfixing him in bottomless eyes,
‘Whatever we agree today, Sergeant, let Sammy go. He didn’t harm a fly in all of this, and he’ll have Alice on his conscience all his days.’
Chapter 94 – Running


With the luckless cabbie following on behind, Clodagh dashed back out into the rain. Where was the Doctor’s house? Somewhere further along the coast, she’d heard someone say. It couldn’t have been in the direction of the town, or she’d have seen it on her earlier dash from the Harbour. So she started off in the opposite direction.
She turned and saw Dawlish huffing and puffing after her, his light jacket not saving him from getting soaked to the skin,
‘Come on,’ she urged him, ‘Please!’
She turned and ran, regardless. She passed four houses, eight. Each was as respectable as the last, low and hunkered down from the wind, with tufts of grasses poking out from white picket fences framing sandy gardens.
And then she stopped – in front of her was a house much like the others from the front… only there was a tiny white plaque on the white timber wall, and on that plaque, a red cross.
She turned back, and Dawlish was close behind – he had busted a gut to catch her up.
‘I need to arrest someone,’ she told him.
He stood as tall as he could in his condition, and nodded. She pushed the gate aside and walked along the short path. They stepped under an eave, and out of the rain. This was it, she realised. She rapped loudly three times on the wood of the door. There was no response. She did so again, and again heard nothing… except the slightest sounds of movement inside: was it a floorboard creaking, a log falling in the grate?
She tried the handle, and opened the front door. She walked along the hall corridor, then turned to an open door at her left. There she saw ‘her Jake’ lying motionless on a flat, metal-framed bed. And then another man, one with slick dark hair, fell before her. He was framed in mid-air by the door, with a deep groan of cord tightening and timber cracking.
Chapter 95 – Why Alice?


On the desk of the FS Claude Monet, Peacock was dazed from taking it all in. And the story wasn’t even finished! How he longed for it to end. Though he had to go on, urging de Sayle to tell all,
‘Alice wouldn’t have been trouble for you. She was trying to get her own plane ticket out.’
‘I didn’t know that,’ he admitted. ‘I did like Alice. I hope you know that. I hope you also know that I wasn’t at either crime scene.’
‘Yes, we know.’
‘Good, for there’s one last detail. I must share with you.’
Peacock braced himself; as de Sayle went on,
‘Johnny phoned me later that day, while Jacqueline and I were gathering up our bags to go aboard the Claude Monet that evening. He only spoke in code, of course. “The job is done,” he said. “The task is completed.” That was how he spoke of killing my friend, brutalising her, leaving her there to be found. He just repeated, “The job is done. The job is done.”
‘He said he knew the focus would move to London for a while, and that he needed time away – he’d arranged his own passage, but he needed a safe house for a couple of days beforehand. He turned up at Cardow Hall the morning after, and went straight to the chalet – he knew all about the place. He’s been there ever since.’
‘Where’s he travelling to afterwards?’ asked Peacock.
‘I’ve no idea. Though, to be honest, I don’t know if it will even come to that.’ De Sayle paused, then turned reflective, suggesting,
‘Maybe I saw an opportunity when Johnny Nobody turned up at the Hall? It meant that anyone looking for me there might find him instead. He became a kind of burglar alarm, a pit of snakes. Though one where I hoped it would work out as badly for the snakes as for the burglar.’
‘You were hoping for the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral?’
‘Perhaps only that, in your diligence in your work, you and your colleagues might help rid me of my other problem. When we got Bobby Roxborough’s nonsense message from shore yesterday, about some missing book of Green Shield Stamps, or whatever it was, I knew you would be coming. I guessed that someone had got to him – I mean, he drinks, it wouldn’t have been too hard. I let a couple of others who were itching to leave take the dinghy out.’
De Sayle pondered,
‘I also wondered whether that meant that you would split your resources? The only question then became: how to make sure that it was yourself who came to the ship, and your Inspector who went to the Hall.’
Peacock was suddenly furious at being played. He lurched at de Sayle, but got no further, as a pair of huge hands gripped his arms from behind. It was the Chinaman, lurking in the shadows for all that time. Peacock racked himself against the passive and immoveable figure, but had no chance to escape.
‘Oh, don’t worry,’ remarked de Sayle, jovially. ‘Do you think I want to risk a fist fight with one of us going over the side of this old boiler? I’m amazed it even survived the War! As it is, if this storm keeps up, we’ll probably be at the bottom of the ocean by the middle of next week.’
‘So, best to start talking quickly,’ urged Peacock.
De Sayle took the hint. With Peacock held back, de Sayle could finally say what he’d restrained himself from voicing up to that point,
‘I read people, Sergeant, it’s what I do. I knew Sammy and Alice from the moment I saw them on the Beatnik Trail. They were lost souls, a long way from home, who would follow me through hell and high water for a way back to England. I knew Dennick and Severin too. I knew that, for all their early fire, in middle-age they valued peace and prosperity over venting their hatred for each other. I even knew Johnny Nobody. For all his faults, I knew what I was getting. I mean, you can’t always know in which direction a gun like that will go off. But I needed that gun, Sergeant. I wasn’t going to make my way in London without it. I knew his character, that’s why I asked him to “tidy” things. I knew he would, I knew it wouldn’t be pretty, but it would be done.
‘I even knew your Inspector, though I hadn’t ever met him. I could tell his type a mile away – he had that old English quality, call it dumb loyalty. Faced with going for me or Mad Johnny, he would never delegate that psychopath to a junior.’
‘You’ve sent him into that death-trap!’ shouted Peacock.
The wickedest gleam flickered across de Sayle’s features,
‘Oh, I couldn’t have known for certain. But then, Alice had mentioned how he had a soft spot for her. I couldn’t imagine your Inspector would have passed up the chance to look into the eyes of the man who did for her.’
Peacock pushed and pulled against his placid captor, but had no chance to escape.
‘You’re hoping Johnny kills him?’
‘On the contrary,’ answered de Sayle, brushing a stray band of hair off his collar. ‘Nothing fills me with more dread than the thought of that loose-screwed Scotsman ever finding his way off my estate.
‘But, just suppose that he were able to take your Inspector down with him? Hmm? A proud death, for an officer whose best days are behind him. A death in the line of duty, no less. Now, how bad would that be? I’ve heard people talk of your Mr Underwood – no wife, no kids, a string of broken hearts? An unthinking man, inflexible and not open to change. Is that the man London needs?’
De Sayle moved in closer,
‘And he would leave a vacancy for a bright young thinker, an ambitious man who knows the value of good connections. The man who can clean up London.’
Peacock did a double take,
‘What, me? Just stepping up from regional Sergeant to Inspector of Thameside Station?’
‘Maybe not in one leap. But, over time, and with the support of the contacts I can cultivate inside and outside the Force… Come now, Sergeant, don’t tell me that you’re not at all interested?’
Chapter 96 – A Note


Underwood woke with a start, in a bright white room. The first thing he sensed was a black shape looming over him. Over several distinct moments this shape resolved itself into the image of Constable Gull in his buttoned-up uniform. The second thing he sensed was an incoming hug from Clodagh, nearly knocking him off the metal bed on which he was lying. He rose onto his shoulders, and was reminded of his wound. But as Clodagh stepped back, he saw the third thing – the scene of two uniformed men, cutting down the body of Doctor Bloom, and lowering him onto the nearest chair.
‘I’m so glad you’re safe,’ said Clodagh.
‘He left a letter,’ said Gull.
‘The old Lord…!’ said Underwood, croaking.
Gull handed him a glass of water,
‘Yes, the Doctor writes about that too. The Norwich coroner is on his way to the Hall now.’
‘Severin!’ he suddenly remembered.
‘I take it that’s who I saw follow you into Cardow Hall, and who then bought you here? If so, I reckon you owe him your life. Though I think you owe the Doctor that too: he did a tidy job on your arm.’
‘The letter,’ bid Underwood.
Gull brought it over. Though he halted, before taking the Inspector’s good arm and giving its hand a thorough shake, before dashing away to let him read.
Underwood shook his head, ‘Damn sentimentalist.’ But he loved that Gull was glad to see him safe.
Calling for another glass of water, the Inspector found a comfortable angle on the examining table, and sped through the letter:

‘To all,
‘I, Doctor Augustus Bloom, hereby write this letter to confess to causing the accidental death of the young woman who has come to be known as the “Girl in the Field”.
‘I made an unfortunate advance. She retreated and stumbled. The truth be told, I did not lay a hand on her. Had she not been standing by the doorframe, or not fallen at that angle, hitting her head, then perhaps her sad death and all that followed might have been averted. I might therefore have been confessing here to a lesser crime, really no more than loneliness.
‘Alas, these were not the end of my mistakes. Faced with the scene of her fall, I took to wine to blot it out, then later that night wrapped her body in a coat to carry her out towards the sea. There is a gate in the Hall grounds, and a path to the beach, shown to me many years ago by one of the gardeners.
‘Again I failed. I didn't make it to the beach before tiredness consumed me. I laid her down where I stood, not knowing I was so close to the road. In a stupor, I removed the coat and neatened her, for she looked angelic.
‘I dashed away in shame, and wept beneath a hawthorn bush, a wretched figure, barely less wretched in the days since that on that night.
‘I was woken at dawn by the gasps of Phipps the woodsman, finding her there at the crossroads. How I pity that poor man, and the woman who came later, for having to witness the results of my destruction.
‘I barely had time to pay a moment’s final respects to her myself, before – in a coward’s act – snatching away her bag in a vain hope of avoiding detection; as if not being caught by Man would ease my conscience when called to account by the Lord.
‘My self-pity is as nothing when compared to the blotting out of this young life or the misery I will have caused her family. Yet it has consumed me and it is all I can write of here. I am beyond shame now. I pray to the Lord that the wracking of my weak body will soon be over, although the echo of my deeds will live with me for eternity…’

The Doctor’s eulogies finally defeated Underwood, and he fell back down on the table. He flicked straight to the end of the note, over the page:

‘You will also find the body of Lord Cardow in his bedroom at Cardow Hall. I had been his physician for many years. Undoubtedly you will find suspicion in his dying today of all days. While it is true that I did remove the machines that have been keeping him alive, the fact is that I didn’t want to leave this life myself without first allowing His Lordship his own merciful release. A release I now consider long overdue.
‘Yours with all my apologies,
AB
Chapter 97 – An Offer


With no chance of getting away from the man holding his arms, Peacock played for time, bantering with Alex de Sayle as if considering his offer,
‘So, “if” all that you describe ever happened,’ he began, ‘that I became a London Inspector, then I would just sit back and let you wipe out Dennick and Severin, watch you become the ganglord?’
‘I don’t need to be a ganglord,’ answered de Sayle. ‘I’m going legitimate. I’ll have a contract from the Government! The radio stations are going mainstream, and all this bloody rabble are coming with me; or, at least those who won’t be deported as soon as they set foot on dry land.’
The Chinaman chuckled at this. His boss went on,
‘Just think of the opportunities: a dozen branded nightspots across the capital, all playing host to my famous DJs and guest celebrities. And I won’t want some other gang charging me for protection, or putting drugs in my clubs. I won’t let that happen.’
De Sayle pondered,
‘Although, maybe there is something to your suggestion, Sergeant. Dennick, Severin? They’re old men – maybe it would be much better to have a healthy succession? And drag the whole of our scene into the Nineteen-Sixties?’
Peacock slumped in the strong arms that held him, asking,
‘So, how do we do this?’
‘Oh, it’s simple,’ beamed de Sayle. ‘We wait until word gets back to us of what has happened at the Hall. If it goes the way we hope it will, then I will be rid of my problem employee; and you might find yourself with a clear line of succession.
‘You can then call the Coastguard in, to rescue us from the storm. We arrive back in the Harbour to the shock news of a gangster being found dead. You pin the London death on him, rivalry between old gangs – and we both know that, where Thameside Station are concerned, any report concerning Dennick or Severin will go under the carpet.’
De Sayle babbled on,
‘Asquith and the Doctor can take care of themselves – they’ll know better than to talk. And then each of us, Sergeant, glides merrily off into our new careers.’
Even after an extended time standing out on deck, Peacock went a shade colder. He asked,
‘And the Girl in the Field?’
De Sayle blurted,
‘I didn’t kill the girl, no one killed her!’
‘Your friend was going to dump her out to sea!’ spat Peacock. And Peacock swore that, for just one second, he saw a curl of humour on de Sayle’s lip; before the man corrected himself and added,
‘Though you saw how bad a job he made of that.’
Peacock had to concede that, whatever crimes de Sayle’s gang had hoped to conceal, things had worked out so much worse for them then they could ever have imagined.
De Sayle asked,
‘So, Sergeant, do we have a deal?’
Just then, though, the wooden door to the galley clacked open and the assembled throng came out slowly onto deck. The storm was blowing up, and some were holding their arms against the cold.
Jacqueline spoke first, with tears in her eyes,
‘Oh, Alex! It was just on the radio! Your Dad…’
The compere stood straight, clicked his heels, and saluted de Sayle, announcing,
‘Lord Cardow is dead. Long live Lord Cardow.’
Jacquie ran up to hug him.
Bowden took the chance to speak in Peacock’s ear,
‘This changes everything. He’s Toad of Toad Hall now. He’s untouchable.’
‘Everyone, gather your belongings,’ instructed de Sayle. ‘We’re calling the Coastguard.’ He turned to the two officers, ‘And you pair can consider yourself fortunate that I’m not putting you back in that dinghy to make your own way home. Oh, and Mr Peacock, thank you, though you can forget our little talk. I don’t believe I will be needing your services now.’
Chapter 98 – The Damp Reign


It was foul and dark as they drove toward the Harbour. Jackie Dawlish carried Clodagh, Gull, and the aching Underwood in his black cab. Although the Inspector must have been feeling better, as he found himself joking from the backseat,
‘I was beginning to think you were some mythic creature, Mr Dawlish. “The Yarmouth Cabbie”, as elusive and rarely-seen as the unicorn or centaur.’
To this, the man only shook his head, reasoning aloud,
‘I reckon the other cabbies spun your Sergeant Peacock some yarn about me being off with a woman or something. Well, don’t you go listening to them, Inspector. Jackie Dawlish is your man, always happy to help the Constabulary. And when it’s about that young girl, well, what man wouldn’t come forward?’
‘There’s plenty of such men in this case,’ answered the boss.
Gull piped up then, as if speaking from the lectern of a church,
‘Then, dare they call themselves a man?’
All turned to face the old Constable a moment, and ponder on his moral outburst, before returning to their business.
‘Well, thank you anyway,’ said Underwood to Dawlish, with a degree of sincerity rare for him. ‘Just here is fine,’ he directed. Dawlish pulled up outside the darkened pub.
‘Have Last Orders been and gone already?’ asked Clodagh.
‘Who’s going to want to come out in this weather?’ answered Gull.
Their attention was soon taken by the sight of lights in the Harbour. Through the busy windscreen wipers, they saw the substantial ship of the Coastguard move expertly over the choppy tide to moor against the quay.
‘We could get closer,’ suggested the driver.
‘I don’t want to be any nearer for this procession,’ answered Underwood. Still though, he stared intently from his vantage point.
Soon, figures began to emerge, clad in the custard-yellow waterproofs all had been given. Some of them dashed over to the waiting cab – Peacock, Bowden; and Oliver, who had been allowed to sail out with the Coastguard as a reward after waiting on his own at the jetty for hours.
‘So, you got to see a real pirate ship,’ joked Clodagh to her fellow Constable, as they all squashed up on the car’s wide back seat. ‘How was it?’
Oliver took off his wide plastic hat, and pondered,
‘It’s not as exciting as it sounds on the radio.’
The taxi had seats facing forward and back, so they all got in.
‘What’s happening?’ asked Underwood of his Sergeants.
‘They’ve all been brought to land,’ answered Peacock. ‘The boat was thought to be unsafe.’
‘You should have seen the compere, sir,’ added Bowden, ‘when he was told he had to leave his albums.’
‘But they’ll be allowed back on when the weather breaks,’ said Peacock.
‘That’s if the thing is still afloat.’ Bowden smirked, but he was secretly so glad to be back on dry land.
Peacock went serious then, declaring,
‘Something else has happened though, sir.’
Underwood nodded slowly, saying,
‘We know about the father.’
Gull piped up,
‘By which our Inspector means, he found the father.’
This brought a glow of respect among those who hadn’t been aware. But Underwood went on in the same understated tone,
‘It means that Alex de Sayle is Lord Cardow now, inheritor of the family land and name and title, and soon to be elevated to the House of Lords.’
Gull piped up again,
‘By which our Inspector means, that an hour ago we might have been odds-on to be arresting him the moment he set foot on that Harbour. Though right now, we’re as likely to be giving him a police escort back home.’
‘Sorry about making you hear all this,’ said Clodagh to Dawlish.
‘I’d step outside if I could,’ he joked, as a fresh wave of rain lashed the windows of the taxi and clattered the roof as if a bucket of fresh gravel had been flung down at them.
They watched as various other yellow-clad figures on the jetty dashed for cars or cover. One ran past and banged on the doors of the darkened pub, another fled into town, perhaps to find a room. Two others waited where the jetty met land.
Soon, a very grand car, belonging to a very grand hotel further along the coast, arrived to scoop them up into its voluminous passenger compartment. As they got in, a factotum appeared with an umbrella to hold over them. Under this, the man removed his yellow coat and sou’wester, to reveal a brushed beard, and long hair flowing over the collar of a double-breasted suit.
‘He even found time to change,’ grumped Underwood.
‘How does he do it?’ asked Gull.
‘What is he to do with it all then?’ asked Dawlish, the driver.
‘He’s everything to do with it,’ said Gull, who turned away.
All the others watched as the grand car swooped off in a stately fashion, passing the parked cab.
‘Well,’ said Underwood, ‘that seems to be that. Do we all know how the land lies? Well, what we don’t know we can catch each other up on tomorrow morning. Regroup at Gull’s at eight. Do we all have a bed?’
‘You’re welcome back at ours tonight, love,’ said Gull to Clodagh. ‘And we’ve armchairs by the fire for any who need them.’
‘I might take you up on one of those,’ replied Dawlish. ‘I don’t fancy the coast road home in this.’
‘If you could drop me off at my Mum’s on your way back though, that would be great,’ asked Oliver.
‘Of course, kid, if it’s only in town.’
‘Well, hopefully the rest of us still have rooms in here,’ said Underwood, looking to the rather unwelcoming Three Lights Inn. ‘I’m sure if we bang on the door loud enough, then Mrs Pletch will hear us. Well, good night then. You all did great. Really great.’
And with that, he, Peacock and Bowden made their dash through the rain.
Day 6 – Monday


Chapter 99 – Clodagh’s Victory


One by one, they found their way back to the Gull House the next morning, for their third home-cooked breakfast in a row.
‘I’ll miss this,’ said the Inspector, warmly.
‘Is that that then?’ asked Peacock, who also seemed genuinely happy with how things had turned out.
‘Asquith’s still at large,’ remembered Gull.
‘Yes,’ said Peacock between mouthfuls, ‘and there is the question of why Kenneally let him go that night.’
‘But what a bloody victory!’ called Bowden, raising his mug of tea in a toast. ‘Here’s to two cases solved…!’
The other men cheered in unison.
‘…And to two killers who got what was coming to them!’
Mugs were clanked, plates were rattled, and the sense of goodwill resonated between them, overtaking tiredness or personal concerns.
Clodagh, meanwhile, had been soaked by the rain the day before, and had woken with a cold and a thumping headache. Now she was wrapped up in a dressing gown, nursing a hot drink in the chair nearest to the fire. She heard the men cheering around her, but wasn’t able to join in with their celebrations. She was troubled, and so she spoke,
‘I think we’re missing the point here,’ she began, silencing the others.
‘Oh?’ asked Peacock, eager to hear.
She explained, ‘This isn’t about some dodgy doctor and a bunch of gangsters, it isn’t about men. It’s about two women who won’t be getting justice.’
The Inspector grimaced. He tried to reason with her,
‘Cee, the girl was an accidental death, a bizarre misfortune. And Alice Grey… she had always kept in with bad people, she had a fundamental lack of good judgement.’
This only incited their female colleague further, who exclaimed,
‘I can’t believe you’re reasoning this to me, Jake!’
Everyone in the room had stopped eating by now, and had turned listen to her. They acknowledged that something was happening.
She went on, ‘We’re treating yesterday as a victory march, but there’s no victory. Who’s going to court here? Who’s going to trial, for anything?’
The Inspector’s tone hardened a notch,
‘Well, there’s more than one meaning of the word “justice”. What about a man being so racked with guilt that he couldn’t bear to go on? What did he get away with? And, as for Johnny Nobody…’ Here though, the Inspector came unstuck, ‘…well, dealing with him meant dealing with a lot of other factors that weren’t under our influence.’
‘And how much of what happened at Cardow Hall is going in your report, Jake? How much would you ever tell Alice Gray’s family? I’ll tell you how much! None of it! Because how could you own up to you, or some other hoodlum, executing that man as brutally as he killed Alice Grey?’
Gull, the father of the gathering, attempted to mollify Clodagh,
‘Love, there are forces out of any man’s control…’
‘But why were they out of our control? Why couldn’t we have got to Johnny Nobody with warrants, charges, arrests? Because our leader…’ she pointed at the Inspector with the force of an exclamation mark, ‘…is in so deep with these men that if he charged any of them with anything they’d pull out all the skeletons in the closet!’
The mood in the room had turned on a sixpence. Cutlery had been dropped on plates as no one had an appetite. Peacock and Bowden looked away from the arguing couple to each other, as the gravity of the situation weighed on them.
‘And don’t think you’re any better!’ called Clodagh, who had turned her focus on Peacock. ‘Half of what we know about this case came from your secret investigations. What if Carlo Severin had turned out to be the murderer? Could you have brought him in? With everything he could tell about you?’
Underwood’s tone had now fully hardened. He asked, in absolute seriousness,
‘And what are you suggesting?’
She answered in kind,
‘That we tell it all, every bit of it.’
For all the warmth from the fire, the room went yet chillier.
‘Wait, wait, wait,’ declared Bowden, jumping in for everyone’s sanity. ‘If we do that, Cee, then it’s the end of two careers. Two men who could do years of good out there.’
‘Then serve the world better as examples,’ she declared. ‘Keep the world honest.’
Peacock looked to Underwood now, in the face of Clodagh’s preposterous suggestion; and the remarkable thing was that it suddenly didn’t feel so preposterous.
‘How would we do this?’ It was Peacock asking, but it could as easily have been the other way around.
‘The Police Commissioner in Whitehall,’ answered Underwood with lead in his voice.
‘But would we be believed?’ asked Peacock.
‘Or would he want the scandal?’ asked Bowden.
‘Then the press,’ suggested Peacock. ‘Expose the lot of them!’
His boss had to give the sensible answer,
‘But we can’t go to the papers with our own crimes. Not before handing ourselves in to fellow officers.’
‘Then hand yourselves in to me,’ said Clodagh.
As suggestions went, it was dumbly simple. Its reality took a short time to sink in,
‘My traffic offence,’ said Peacock, ‘that Kenneally had buried. If I dig that up, I’ll lose my licence for a year. I’ll never drive professionally again. Not for the Force, not for anyone. The Zephyr, my Sunbeam…’
‘I’ll be a criminal,’ realised Underwood. ‘I’ll never face the lads down the British Legion. Oh God, what if they’ll kick me out? I won’t be able to march with them on Remembrance Day.’
‘The gun?’ asked Gull, suddenly.
‘I won’t tell them where I got it,’ said Underwood.
And Gull knew he wouldn’t. Though he felt the need to say something, to mark the moment,
‘Well, whatever you end up doing, thank you, guv. You cleared out our nest of vipers.’
‘Thank you, Gull. You know, I think we did.’
Chapter 100 – Thameside


It was an interesting parade that came along the road to Thameside Station on that bright, clear London morning. Secretaries on their way to work bustled past in long coats, for it was still nippy at that hour. Shopkeepers in their aprons raised their canvas awnings with long boat poles. Newspapermen drove past in Commer vans, flinging batches of the Morning Editions out to waiting street vendors. Nightshift workers, just off duty, warmed themselves with coffee at the street-corner cafe; while beside them at the tables, beatnik kids, wide-eyed from the night before, spoke of the times they had just had at ‘happening’ clubs.
The scene was set. Two cars arrived and parked outside the front of the Police Station, not around the back as usually happened after arrests had been made. First was a long, black Zephyr, driven by a uniformed Woman Police Officer no less, and from which a burly officer escorted out two other men in slept-in suits. This was watched by the characters of the street with more interest than usual, as there was something familiar about one of them…
They were joined in the cheap seats of this open-air theatre by an elderly, uniformed PC and his wet-behind-the-ears passenger. They pulled up behind the Zephyr in a sand-splattered blue-and-white Anglia, which looked like a Noddy car behind the detectives’ sleek machine.
‘That’s Underwood…’ said someone, disbelieving what they saw, ‘in cuffs!’ Others turned to see, and the understanding set in.
‘You dirty pigs,’ shouted someone. A street vendor putting out vegetables, hurled a fresh lettuce like a rugby ball at the heads of the handcuffed men. He soon regretted it, though, as others took this as licence to grab items off his stall and hurl them also.
There was a cacophony of voices:
‘Get the rotters out!’
‘That station’s full of vipers.’
‘Rotten to the core, I always knew it.’
‘They’re the real criminals!’
Underwood and Peacock took it all in. And in their heads was the same thought: Why am I doing this? But then they looked to that bright WPC, with her young face clear of suspicion or corruption.
Each then looked to the ambivalence in their own hearts, and understood why they had submitted. And in that submission, each felt total relief.
‘A weight off our shoulders,’ muttered Peacock, and Underwood silently agreed.
‘Get that door open!’ shouted Gull to Bowden, who was trying to lead the men through the developing melee.
As Bowden did so, Clodagh turned to Underwood and whispered, ‘We get you clear of this, then you can tell them about Dennick, and Severin, and de Sayle. We’ll get so many crimes cleared up – think of all the families who will know at last.’
‘That’s if we make it that long,’ remarked Peacock, his jaunty tone unaffected even by his current circumstances.
Through the voices and missiles, the six made it into the foyer of Thameside Station. Before them were uniformed faces agog.
‘Duty Sergeant,’ demanded Clodagh, ‘book these men.’
But before the Sergeant could lift his pen, a door burst open, and in thundered Inspector Kenneally, looking even more red-faced than usual.
‘What’s going on here?’ he asked.
Each member of the party took a moment to realise he was talking to Bowden.
‘Sorry, guv,’ he replied. ‘I didn’t know she was going to pull the car up out front instead of around the back.’
‘You should have been driving. Come on, get ‘em out of here.’
As quickly as they had come through the front door, Bowden and several others had the handcuffed pair bustled through the Station and out to the backyard, and into the back of a waiting Black Maria.
Chapter 101 – Get in the Back of the Van


‘Get those things off them!’ demanded Kenneally, who also clambered into the van just before the doors were shut and they rumbled off to who-knew-where. As a man undid the handcuffs, the Vice Inspector thundered, ‘Who did you think you were? Trying to get away with this? One man decides what happens in this station!’
His words were aimed entirely at Underwood, who felt the hot air of the man’s breath at close quarters in the cramped riot van. With six men in the back, and not much light coming through the grimy windows with their heavy metal grills, it was a claustrophobic space. It wasn’t helped as the small, round vehicle wallowed through each corner, and lurched to a halt at every braking-point.
‘Where are you taking us?’ asked Peacock, in the sternest tone he could manage.
Kenneally looked at him with contempt,
‘You will speak when you’re spoken to!’ The message was reinforced with a jab of one of the men’s truncheons to his unprotected stomach.
The Vice boss turned back to Underwood,
‘Oh, I should have seen it coming. I guess you got a stab of conscience, did you? Watched one girlfriend get carried out of that restaurant in a sack, and then felt guilty about the one you dumped her for? Wanted to win her back maybe, in some fit of piety? Well, you’re talking to a Catholic boy here, born and raised. There’s nothing you can tell me about living with sin.
‘And live with it is what you’ll do! This goes no further, you hear?’
They drove in silence for a while, before the van pulled up. No one got out, though, and all remained seated.
‘Where are you taking us?’ asked Underwood, repeating the question that had earned Peacock a blow to the midriff. Even in those circumstances though, no man in that van would have risked doing the same to Underwood.
‘The way I feel right now,’ said Kenneally, ‘I could dump the pair of you in the river and make you swim home. But if I leave you unsupervised for one moment, you might start getting ideas again. So, here’s what will happen. Your case is solved: a criminal associate of Severin’s tried to put pressure on the wholly legitimate business interests of Mr de Sayle – now Lord Cardow, no less – killing two females of his circle. We have since received informant intelligence that indicates that this dangerous figure has been executed by his own associates, who themselves were shocked at his repugnant acts. This wouldn’t be the first time that a gang has killed a member who went rogue.
‘It will also be remarked that each of you carried out your duties admirably and with bravery, acting in an exemplary manner at all times. At all times! You hear me?’
In the tiny van, neither could have failed to hear.
‘And that will be the end of it.’
At last Kenneally chose to speak only to Peacock,
‘Your station is expecting you back.’ The van’s back door swung open, revealing they were pulled up at a coach depot. ‘They go to Norwich every hour. You have the fare?’
Peacock nodded, shocked at the concern. Though he couldn’t help but ask,
‘So, you’re throwing Severin to the wolves, not de Sayle?’
‘Changing times, Sergeant Peacock, we go where they lead us. I’ll be in touch, you hear?’
At that, Peacock was shoved out of the back, and the van rumbled off again.

There was no word of where they were headed. Two others had got out with Peacock, and had joined the driver up front. It gave a sense of privacy and seclusion to the conversation that Kenneally was intending to have with the remaining pair: Underwood, and the silent Bowden.
Without a guard sitting between them, Underwood was freshly aware of Bowden. Kenneally was silent for a while, perhaps regathering himself after his blast at Peacock. Underwood was also thinking, quickly. He decided to leave aside Kenneally and stare out Bowden. Five seconds did the trick…
‘Look, no hard feeling, boss,’ began Bowden, half-gruff and half-sheepish. ‘I couldn’t let you do it. You’d get us all in trouble. I couldn’t be suspended; I couldn’t lose my job. I’ve got a wife and kids to think about…’
‘So you went running to this one?’
‘“This one”,’ said Kenneally, pointing to his own chest, ‘is a week away from being announced as your next Superintendent. Yes, there’s the news flash. Do you think I want to lose the chief of the Murder Squad to a scandal before I’ve even taken up the job?’
‘So, you’re keeping me on?’ asked Underwood.
‘Do you think Soho could cope with another shock right now? It’s on the verge of a gang war already. You might not see it, Jake, but Dennick and Severin tread that little bit more carefully when you’re around. And, as things stand, I reckon that’s about as good as we can hope for.’
The new boss went into a conciliatory tone,
‘Do you think I don’t respect you, Jake? How many men do I have who would have gone into that forest like you did? Face a man like Johnny Nobody? Another day you might even have gained a commendation on your file for it. But it ended too messily this time, so don’t go getting any ideas.’
‘And who’s he in all this then?’ asked Underwood, turning to Bowden.
‘He,’ announced Kenneally, ‘is your new permanently-assigned Sergeant. Your right-hand man at all times, inside the station and out.’
‘You mean, my guard dog?’
‘I mean… a constant reminder of your duty.’
Chapter 102 – Afterwards


Back at Thameside Station, the Desk Sergeant continued to stare out plaintively,
‘Well, you see it all in this job,’ he remarked.
An underling of Kenneally’s lingered at the scene. With a sharp face, and a suit a size too small, he looked smugly at each of the three remaining. He saw the chance to enjoy a petty moment of reflected power. 
‘The keys to the car then?’ he asked.
Clodagh handed over those for the Zephyr – it had never been hers anyway.
‘Well, what are you standing around for?’
‘Where do we go?’ asked Clodagh, displaying her powerlessness in a way she hated when she thought of it afterwards.
‘You,’ the officer said to Clodagh, ‘can get back to whatever you’re meant to be doing around the place. While you pair,’ he said, turning to Gull and Oliver, ‘can get back to catching potato rustlers.’
There was a smattering of pathetic laughter from the others happening to be in the entrance hall, but no other response.
‘Well, what are you waiting for?’ added the snide one, enjoying his moment. ‘Chop, chop.’ He turned to Clodagh, ‘and mine’s milk and three sugars.’
‘Come on,’ said Gull, urging them away, ‘the both of you.’

As calmly as ever, he led the youngsters out to the Anglia. It was still sitting there in its forlorn state, needing a wash at least, and probably a service after its recent adventures.
‘Did you book them then?’ asked a woman, one of several people who had seen the street scene and were waiting outside to see what else might occur.
‘No,’ answered Clodagh.
‘What had they done?’ asked a crowd member.
‘Isn’t it obvious?’ answered another. ‘They’re all as bent as nine-bob notes in that place!’
‘They were the good ones,’ declared Oliver, his upset overcoming his shyness.
‘Then why were they in handcuffs?’ asked someone. Although the sadness in Oliver’s voice had been disarming, and there was no further comment.

Gull navigated his way through the morning streets without assistance.
‘I didn’t know you knew London?’ asked Clodagh.
‘I disembarked here after the War,’ he answered. ‘I’d been a woodsman before, like Old Man Phipps. But there wasn’t much call for that in the centre of London.’
He swerved at a tight junction as he spoke, letting a heavy lorry go past,
‘So, I did what a lot of us soldiers did back then – kept the peace, either here among the bomb-sites, or over in the British Zone of Germany, like our Inspector. I didn’t fancy going back overseas – I’d seen enough of what we’d done to the place. So I left the Army and applied for the Police. It was three years before I got back to the East Coast.’
‘Oh wow,’ said Oliver, ‘I thought you’d always been around Cardow.’
‘I was by the time you were old enough to remember.’
He pulled off the road onto the pavement outside a pub, though it was closed that early in the morning.
‘Now, the guy who runs this place never left the Big Smoke.’ Gull chuckled to himself as he got out, and pulled his seat forward to liberate Clodagh from the rear.
‘I should have sat in the back,’ said Oliver, feeling unchivalrous.
‘What, with your long legs?’ she answered, as the three of them approached the pub.
Gull banged the thick, locked door three times. 
‘Who’s there?’ asked a muffled voice inside.
‘Gull!’
A man of similar vintage opened it and came out to greet him with a hug.
‘Now then,’ asked Gull, ‘you wouldn’t have a space beside the fire for an old serviceman and his two young charges?’
It was a clear day, but not a warm one, and all three were glad to step inside the dark, snug boozer.
‘Captain Gull, as I live and breathe,’ said the landlord, stepping instinctively behind the bar. ‘It is a pleasure. Now, what will you all have?’
‘Isn’t it too early?’ asked Oliver, as earnest as anything.
‘They say policemen get younger every year,’ said the barman. ‘Looking at this one, I could well believe it.’
‘You and I were that young once,’ Gull reminded him.
‘Granted. Well, to answer your question, young sir, it may be too early to sell a drink, but not to serve one… as long as there’s no questions asked.’
‘But how can we pay you?’
The landlord looked to Gull,
‘Well, I owe this one my life, so I’m still repaying him!’
‘Now, now,’ said Gull in false modesty.
‘…and any friend of Captain Gull’s is a friend of mine, so what are you having?’
Gull answered, ‘How about you put a pot of coffee on for us, George? Though I’ll have a tot in mine.’
With a twinkle in his eye, the landlord disappeared. His feet sounded heavily on the stairs as he went up to his own rooms to prepare the hot drinks.
Gull led them to a booth by a fire that had already been started to warm the room for the lunchtime session.
‘Bowden warned them then,’ said Clodagh.
‘To think he’d been on the boat with Peacock only a few hours before…’ noted Oliver, in his usual wide-eyed way.
‘I guess his loyalty was to the rest of us at first,’ supposed Gull, ‘until he thought about what the Inspector and Peacock’s confessions would do to his career.’
‘And what will it do to their careers?’ asked Clodagh.
Gull could have reminded her that the confessions were all her idea; but instead he pondered, then answered,
‘I saw it in the army – Colonels having to mete out discipline, when they needed every man they could get their hands on. They’d end up fudging it, a smack on the wrists, before sending him back into battle.’
‘You think they’ll be let off?’ asked Oliver.
‘Well, you saw what happened in there – Inspector Kenneally was hardly going by the book, was he?’
Gull had a rapt audience. He went on,
‘Peacock, we might find waiting for us when we get back East – he isn’t Thameside Station, he isn’t theirs to boss around. As for the Inspector…’
‘You don’t think it will be bad?’ asked Clodagh.
‘At the very least, Kenneally will want to know that he’s back on-side.’
‘And do you reckon he’ll accept that?’ she asked.
‘Well, you know him better than me.’
‘No, I don’t, not really,’ she said with total sadness.
‘Oh, come now,’ Gull added fatherly, ‘there are many men less-worthy of your affections.’
Clodagh gathered herself, asking,
‘So, where do we go now?’
‘Hmm, I guess your snide young colleague was right on that score – you, my dear, go back to your duties; and we go back to the coast.’
‘I didn’t like him,’ said Oliver.
‘Then you have a detective’s judgement,’ said Clodagh, ‘he’s a weasel.’
‘How does he get to talk to you like that though?’ asked the innocent young man.
Each turned to Gull, who at that moment seemed the font of all wisdom. He answered,
‘Some men seem powerful, but aren’t really. And so, what petty power they possess, they milk every drop from.’
‘How so?’ asked Oliver, fascinated.
‘Well, your rude fellow back there – he has no more control of what goes on in that station than any one of us three. He only recognises Kenneally is in charge, so tacks his flag to his mast.’
‘It’s a way to get on,’ said Clodagh.
‘But it doesn’t make him someone I’d want to be sitting by this fire with.’
‘Unless he was on it.’
Oliver’s joke came from nowhere and shocked even himself. All laughed as 
they sat there, watching the flames leap and hearing the logs crackle.
Chapter 103 – A Man Alone


The police van chugged back to Thameside Station in silence. No one looked up, no one made a move. When they pulled up at the carpark around the back, future-Superintendent Kenneally banged the metal panel beside his head and the backdoor was opened. He got up to leave, followed by his lapdog, Bowden. Underwood stood up last, and clambered out into the yard.
Kenneally gave him a stare-down: Are you with us? he was asking, before they went any further.
‘One hour,’ requested Underwood. ‘Two phone calls, to tidy things up.’
Kenneally gave him another look, one that left his Inspector under no illusions of what would befall him if he fell out of line.
Bowden’s look was more pathetic, a kind-of: Don’t do anything to mess it up for both of us! Underwood wished him a slow death on a spike.
Kenneally and his follower left. Underwood followed them in at a distance, then went straight up to his office, and banged the door shut.

‘What is left?’ He asked the room, talking to himself. ‘Both the killers are dead… that’s if we can even call the Doctor a killer. Though he suffered just the same for it. Neither was brought to justice, but I can’t help that…
‘So, what niggles?’
It came clear then,
‘The families! Neither case will get to trial, neither family will see justice, public justice. Not Alice Grey’s family, whatever story Kenneally tells them. And, with the life their daughter led, then I doubt anything would surprise them. Though he won’t tell the lie himself, he’ll have me do it. And the same with…’
It struck him like an anvil being dropped upon a cartoon character from a great height, leaving dickie-birds spinning around his dazed head.
‘We still don’t know the girl’s name.’ He said it like a new discovery, a fact so obvious that he had begun to take it for granted.
‘Somewhere in all of this is her name.’
He didn’t say it as a question, but as a fact. His subconscious knew it, knew that in the mess of everything that had happened in the past few days, the name was somewhere.
‘She went through the agency – but Asquith asked Miss Rachael to snatch away her file; and the woman who interviewed her is dead.
‘She went to the shop off Oxford Street – but the bill was paid by Alice Grey.
‘Gah! Come on! Come on!’
Constables passing along the corridor turned to hear the familiar sound of their Inspector shouting at the walls, and paid it little mind. Though the shouting subsided, as he suddenly had it,
‘The letter from the Doctor, with the train ticket, and the five-pound note! The Doctor sent it to HER, it was addressed to HER!’
He tried to sift facts, to bring to mind the broken fragments of all the words he had heard, all those his team has passed on to him from their own investigations, all those snippets from Peacock or Clodagh, chewed over on long car journeys or over breakfast at the Gull House each morning.
Out of them, he tried to build the timeline of the letter:
‘The Doctor sent it to the girl inviting her to work for him; she brought it with her to Yarmouth on the train; she read the directions out in the taxi; she had it with her when she reached the Hall…’
Underwood’s forgotten bullet-wound sent a pang all down one side. He shook, held the desk-edge, but had to go on.
‘Her drawstring bag was still around her shoulders when the Doctor tried to carry her away; in his suicide note, he says he took the chance to snatch it away between Phipps finding her and then Mrs Morrow turning up.
‘He dashed back to the Hall; was found there supposedly on a “house call”, and was whisked straight back to the crime scene…’
He summed up, “At what point could he have done anything to get rid of the bag and the letter? Where could they be hidden?
‘At the woodland chalet?’ he asked aloud. ‘But de Sayle, Asquith, Nobody were all there before me; and if any of them had found it they’d have found some way to use it to their advantage.
‘The Doctor’s own house then? But Gull went though there with a fine-tooth comb after finding him swinging.
‘Then at the Big Hall?’
Underwood slumped at the sudden weight of the search ahead. But his logic soon reasserted itself, for none of his ideas had felt right.
He narrated for his own benefit,
‘The Doctor wasn’t handling the crisis well to start with. He managed to leave the girl somewhere where she’d be found the next morning, then fell asleep behind a bush! He was lucky not to be spotted at the scene himself! I can’t believe he then became super-organised, and stashed the bag and letter in some fiendishly clever spot.
‘No, none of that feels right for such an emotional man. He would have panicked, been hopeless, lost without an ally. Imagine it, only a short while later, being right back at the crime scene, lacerated by his secrets… All those faces around him, and not an ally among them…’
Underwood nearly fell of the chair, shouting,

‘But he did have an ally! Alice Grey was in the crowd! It was only a scrunched-up kitbag, no one would have noticed him passing it to her at the scene!
‘And she had a business satchel with her! She could have walked away with the girl’s things in there, and no one would have noticed.’
Underwood banged his desk.
‘Lord, the secrets of that woman!’ he said despairingly. ‘What she might have made of herself in another life.’

He knew his first phone call now. He telephoned the Cardow Station House, and asked Miss Gull to take down a top secret note for Gull when he got back: to search anywhere and everywhere that Alice Grey could have stashed a mid-sized item that first morning where it still might not be found. She was only along the coast road and the High Street all that time; it would have to be near.

Underwood leant back and relaxed, though his work was not done yet. He checked the clock on the wall, and made his second call.
Chapter 104 – Sir Oscar Regrets…


He called the Home Office, and got the same attentive secretary as he had a few days earlier. Again, she put him right through,
‘Inspector,’ answered Drayton, who sounded exhausted.
‘Sir Oscar, forgive me if I say that you sound like I feel.’
‘Sleep has been hard to come by,’ observed the Whitehall mandarin. ‘You’ve been busy too, I gather? My sources tell me that both your cases are now closed?’
‘Yes, in a manner of speaking.’
‘Quite. Neither man lasted long enough to face trial. What perilous ground you fellows tread, Inspector.’
‘It can be sometimes.’
‘Meanwhile, our mutual friend goes from strength to strength.’
Underwood smirked,
‘I wondered if you knew that Alex de Sayle was back on dry land.’
‘I do know,’ began Drayton in a new and sarcastic tone. ‘He was here this very morning, in fact, to collect the deeds of his broadcasting licence. I absented myself from the meeting.’
‘Very wise.’
‘Although, that does appear to be that. From secretary-solicitor, drug-dealer, and blackmailer, to moral vanguard of the nation’s young, his accession appears complete. At the dawn of this young god’s apotheosis, Inspector, I wonder whether I will ever sleep again?’
‘Maybe I can help with that.’
Underwood heard Drayton’s chair creak as he sat up to listen.
‘Listen. He isn’t only back because of the news of his father. His boat had to be evacuated in bad weather.’
‘Interesting.’
‘The vessel may not last the week, I hear,’ added Underwood. ‘And, given that de Sayle had been on the run for weeks before that, both from one of our Sergeants, and from his psychotic future father-in-law, then where else but on that doomed vessel would he have had a chance to stash anything of, ahem, secret value? Tapes, perhaps, or photographs?’
Drayton clicked, remarking,
‘Then as the future of that French hulk bleakens, so my and Lord Tripping’s prospects ever brighten?’
‘It seems so.’
‘Then, this is a day to celebrate.’
Underwood was suddenly very tired. The call was effectively over, but he sensed something more.
‘Sir Oscar?’
Drayton paused, before it all came out,
‘I like the feeling of us having no secrets, Inspector, so I was rather hoping that you might have guessed the last one I hold?’
The key turned in the lock, the mechanism fell like hammers on an anvil.
‘It was you who got Asquith off,’ said the Inspector. This was supposition to begin with, but became conviction as Underwood worked the logic through. 
Drayton laid his final secret bare,
‘Asquith was allowed his one telephone call after being arrested. God, the brass neck of the fellow to make that call to the Home Office switchboard! The telephonist took his message down verbatim, I won’t forget reading that note in her neat handwriting: “Just tell your bosses that I know a very powerful man who’s about to be given a broadcast licence, they might want to help a friend of Alex de Sayle.”
‘I mean, Inspector. What a shot in the dark! What were the odds of someone being at the office that evening who knew about de Sayle’s “business” with Lord Tripping?’
‘But you were in the office?’
‘Yes, I was. And, with the material de Sayle may have on Lord Tripping, there was no choice really. I telephoned Inspector Kenneally right away. I knew that only a call from someone of my authority would have the necessary clout to cut through normal procedures, so I laid it on thick. I’d heard a rumour that Kenneally was Severin’s man, so I didn’t hold out much hope. Although, after some initial shock and bluster, he was all too keen to assist.’
Underwood remembered his recent conversation in the back of the van,
‘Yes, he does seem to have hitched his caravan to de Sayle's wagon.’
‘Well, I might have had something to do with that. A case of the law of unexpected consequences.’
Underwood’s stomach sunk,
‘Kenneally’s promotion?’
‘Indeed, Inspector. I might have mentioned how, if he scratched our back, then we’d scratch his. But, I couldn’t have expected a telephone call two days later, remarking to me how he felt the current Superintendent was old and out of touch and might benefit from being side-lined into early retirement.’
Underwood groaned, concluding the saga,
‘…And, if you didn’t agree, he could expose the fact that you abused your power to get a dangerous man released?’
‘Once involved, I had no choice. Although, I will resign in the New Year, once the radio station business is concluded. And so, you see, Inspector, if Lord Tripping is “hell-bound”, then so too am I.’
‘No.’ Underwood was as surprised by his response as Sir Oscar was. He barked his single syllable down the line quite unexpectedly. ‘No.’
‘“No”, Inspector?’
‘No. Kenneally’s tough; and whoever runs that station is going to have to be. The old Super has been there since the Fifties, he isn’t ready for what’s coming. I don’t know if any of us are. You made a good decision, Sir Oscar, whatever the reason. You can justify your actions.’
‘But what if they ask me for anything else?’
‘You just mention that you know me. In fact, we’ll make a public show of it, at the next Lord Mayor’s Ball or crime prevention shindig. A handshake, slaps on the back, warm smiles. They won’t mess with you again.’
‘Very well, if you’re certain?’
‘Yes, I am. And you need to start being certain too, sir.’
‘That is indeed a relief, Inspector. And, at the risk of starting the whole thing off again, there must be some small favour I could do for you, purely out of gratitude?’
Underwood pondered a while, then answered,
‘At some point I, or a man named Gull, will get in touch with a name. Use it wisely.’
‘I will. Good Morning then, Inspector. And thank you.’

Underwood placed down the receiver. He looked again at the clock. He still had a few moments to breathe free air. He sat still and waited, till he heard the inevitable knock on the door.
When it did come, he stayed silent – he wanted to make the man work for everything.
Another knock came, and, ‘Guv, guv? Are you in there?’ – God, how meek Bowden sounded all of a sudden.
‘Guv, guv?’ he called again, too cowed even to try the handle without being bidden.
Underwood leapt up and pulled the door open, suddenly right in Bowden’s face, who jumped back.
‘Firstly, it’s Inspector to you, always.’
Bowden nodded.
‘And secondly, one moment of disloyalty, and you’re on a charge.’
‘Yes, Inspector.’
‘Then… just then, we might make this work.’
Three Months Later – Postscript


Autumn leaves chased the car in a cascade as Sergeant Peacock’s Zephyr rolled through the corners of each leafy lane, and along each A-road. Beside the driver was his Detective Constable, giddy with excitement.
‘You’re sure they won’t miss us at Norwich Station?’ asked Oliver.
‘They won’t know we’re gone – we’ll only be an hour and a half.’
Oliver looked at the clock on the dashboard,
‘It’s starting soon, are we within range?’
‘We’re almost at the North Circular. See if it’s on yet.’
Oliver played with the dials of the car radio, rifling through the stations. Soon he found a placeholder tone – a series of beeps signifying a radio band reserved for a station not yet broadcasting.
Peacock pulled over on a verge, alongside a row of modern houses, the new northern outpost of the Capital.
For two more minutes the bleeps continued, before they broke.
‘It’s starting!’ shouted Oliver. Peacock couldn’t help but smile. At the stroke of noon, came time pips, and then a voice burst on-air, a voice they all knew,
‘Hello, London!’ yelped the DJ. ‘This is Rockin’ Bobby Roxborough, shouting out to all of you pop fans out there! Broadcasting from the newest, hippest, happeningest radio station right across the Capital, Radio Cynthia!’
A jingle began, guitars and pop voices, singing,
‘Radio Cynthia, everyone loves Cynthia. Cynthia, Cynthia, everyone loves Cynthia…’
Oliver was perplexed,
‘Why isn’t it still called Radio Claude? Why have they changed the name?’
Peacock just laughed, with tears in his eyes,
‘He’s bloody done it,’ he declared, ‘he’s bloody done it!’
‘…Cynthia, Cynthia, everyone loves Cynthia…’
Oliver rifled in his pocket for the note, the only contact either of them had had from the Inspector since the attempted coup. It gave just that day’s date, the radio frequency, and the words ‘Get to Greater London! Make sure you listen!’
‘But who’s Cynthia?’ asked Oliver.
‘You’re meant to be the detective, buddy,’ laughed Peacock. ‘Figure it out!’
Slowly it dawned. ‘It’s her?’
He looked to Peacock, who nodded, ‘I reckon so.’
‘It’s her!’ shouted Oliver. ‘It’s the Girl in the Field! He’s found her name!’
‘He’s bloody done it!’ repeated Peacock. ‘He’s stuck one on de Sayle!’
‘…Everyone loves Cynthia…’
‘All of London will hear her name every day,’ realised Oliver.
‘Well, I reckon that’s just about right,’ said Peacock.
And it was a happy thought to accompany them on their return journey, as the jingle faded out into pop hits, which faded out into static on the car radio, as the pair of them sped back East on their long lunch break.


The End
